More optimized, and an optional +9 setup included. Discussion thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/ymfah/comments/tijw8g/thread_how_to_be_overpowered_early_in_elden_ring/? Full playthrough : https://youtu.be/ySENxb2Uju8
It's probably more or less extremely well known by now, but the Deathbird Cheese is 1000% easier by starting with Astrologer or Prisoner, levelling Int to 18, and grabbing Meteorite Staff + Rock Sling from the swamp nearby, you can usually do this on the way up to Millicent's church as well lol  Rock Sling has fantastic tracking from this vantage and you can usually use the Death's Poker right away with the Int you already have + Radagon's Soreseal so it's a fantastic low-effort, low-investment setup for any Intelligence build in my book. One of the best/easiest ways to be very strong very early in this game  Thank you for the delicious cheese ymfah!! Death's Poker is my favorite weapon and this vid is goated
How do you go throw the gate? It need key
hope elden ring nightreign would be good
Esta dañado el audio del video
How to break shadows of the erdtree when?🎉😢
If only the somber 7 still worked😢
Is this still viable? Or did something got nerfed or patched out since then?
the level of busted you can achieve in ER puts all the other FS games to shame
Deathbird cheese is easier to do as an astrologer with meteorite staff and skill!
I come here regularly for 0:00 - 0:14
Is it still good?
Works in 2023.... bring more arrows
That intro filled me with nostalgia for something I never knew I missed
Dont you see? By nerfing the Sword of Fire and Night, youve only made ymfah stronger?
Now it does over 3k damage with the right build
I am saddened by the lack of comments about the Onlyafro reference at the start
Now that 1.09 is out, would you change the weapon?
Damn its cool coming back to these videos. You've legit been an influence on my editing style.
I feel so over powered just having flame grant me strength, golden vow and catch flame on any seal
I know i look like a fool asking, but can you still do the jump for obtaining somber [7] in patch 1.08? I've been trying for an hour now...
OKAY BUT WHAT IS THAT SONG IN THE BEGINNING MONTAGE
I'm pretty sure they patched Godskin Noble skip.
The only note I'd add to this for anyone going to break Elden Ring with this:   Upgrade INT - the thing scales purely with INT up till about 50. With the magic and int tear, you're a powerhouse
YOU STRAIGHT UP JUST SUMMONED ONLYAFRO FROM HIS GRAVE.
My only issue: since the 1.08 (if not earlier) you can no longer get that +7 Somber Smithing Stone by carefully jumping up off the bridge mechanism. There's an invisible wall there now, and you have to go through the Godskin Apostle (which makes things much harder). That seat, if you can get the Apostle to stand still long enough (by Spirit Summons, most likely) you can get some decent damage off with the Ghost Flame. The Apostles are just so goddamn MOBILE all the time, they don't stay in it long enough to pop off an R1 or R2
Your Eva style title cards always hit me like a flashbang
Hey, I know why night’s cavalry dies at the end. So basically, these games are optimized to not load in what you aren’t looking at, however, the game also knows that the nights cavalry is not supposed to be there, it has an “arena” so to speak. So, because it is no longer in the “arena”, the game teleports it back there, but because you aren’t loading that area, there is nowhere for it to stand, so it actually just falls into the void.
ucube piç
Doing this tutorial will mess up some quest line?
mastodonte
bruh, im brazilian and got so confused when text appeared in my language
First time watching your content and first thing I see is a Neon Genesis episode title card - love it!
1:47 aí é foda
1:46 the joke would be funnyer if it was:Bem vindo ao Brasil
The S T I C K
Does this still work?
Why do this tho just play the game as it was intended to be played
Caelid = brazil, just hit me so hard i can't stop laughing
1:46 bem vindo ao brasil!
the thing is that jump to get the +7 somber smithing stone got patched BUT! dont worry there is a solution for this you can still get it by killing the godskin noble and he is not that hard. Just get yourself atleast the weapon +5 or 6 and then make some throwing sleep potions. You can then proceed into the boss room throw the sleeping potion on the godskin noble and then just cheese him down like cheese has never been that cheesy before after that take the elevator platform to the right and just run through until you get to the +7 somber smithing stone grab it and teleport away.
I'm here from the future to confirm deaths poker is still OP
"Seja enviado para o Brasil"  No man should put a feet on this lands
Black knife still is broken
The "Seja enviado para o Brasil" caught me off guard ngl
Death póker
1:46 - "Greyoll's Dragonbarrow"  Portuguese Auto-Translator: *get sent to Brasil* 💀💀💀💀💀
Is this build still good now patch 1.06
I just made him yeet of the cliff
10:00 rivers of blood and bloodhound fang got nerfed
The Jump to get somber 7 got patched. Can you please show us a new way to get it?
Death Rite bird cheese must've gotten patched... I shot him once and he stayed under me the entire to so I couldn't hit him
7:56 I think this jump to skip the godskin is patched out. Cannot make it even when naked.
Nah brother don’t make suicide jokes with that hanging voice clip. Good vid tho
For anyone doing this after the gods king jump was patched, instead kill the draconian tree sentinel by cheesing him with poison mist, after that go into the capital and you will get ur somber 7
Has any of this been nerfed in the latest patch?
Thy flame is not meagre
When fighting godskin noble, when he throws his fireball, dodge into it and jump hit him. Do the same until phase 2. When he turns into a ball and rolls around, go behind a pillar and u can hit him without being hit. Do the same as phase 1. Hope this helps.
can you PLEASE give us the facedata for chad
has any of this been nerfed?
Don't know if this comment is too late but you can also beat the Deathbird by luring it to the side of the cliff it's near and getting it to fall off!  I just tested this and it worked, after two tries lol
to bad they broke the Godskin skip, damn devs ruining the fun
the somber +7 parkour was patched.
I always kill the deathbird by making him fall to abyss with one of his attacks, much easier than the bow.
I leveled up my vigor to around 37 but how am i gonna level up my other attributes...its costing way too much ruin for just one level 🙂
Puta merda, o Brasil n
At the volcano I can't make the Godskin skip jump to get the +7 somber stone. Any tips?
Man ymfah’s videos are so infinitely re-watchable it’s amazing
As of current patch Somber stone 7 is easier to get by wrong warping to Farum Azula IMO.
You ever gonna do an updated version or more challenge runs?
man I can only appreciate being able to see more ymfah bullshit and breaking games anew, i'm so hyped, was waiting a bit till i played a bit of elden ring before watching, it was worth the wait
is this still viable for 1.04?
When does he pick up the somber smithing stone 5?
I love the moment you call the volcano manor Ironkeep
Got hit with a wave of old ymfah nostalgia when that Gravity Rush OST came on 😲
I love the music
Did they patch the advanced parkour jumping part or am I just sucking at making the jump?
1:47 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙
La canción del comienzo del vídeo es hermosa. Saludos desde México 🇲🇽
It took me more tries to die to iron maiden guy then to beat the final boss of the game.  Also love how Margit calls you a meager flame yet dies within 6 seconds.
What’s the controls for Xbox please 😀
The fact that you made a new video about overpowered early after the previous one gets patched, respect man.
Grab the prisoners chain. Hhhhhhhh
Dumb question... is this remotely possible on update 1.07? You show 1.03 and Did they debuff anything afterwards?  Edit: I did get al the way to the Godskip skip, but i cannot make last that insane bridge jump to get the Somber 7.
For anyone who's willing to attempt Ymfah's run - the section at 7:54 became significantly harder, borderline impossible. You can still make it, but it takes all stars aligning to do so.
Gotta love that Only Afro reference.
This weapon is really fun to mess with and it's broken but pls god fromsoft fix the character stutters in some situations on the L2 R1  UPDATE: they fixed it
شكرا يا الي ترجم الى الغة العربية
So whens the 1.04 OP guide coming out?
Lost all mine elden ring data because the PS4 did a fuck wuckie and I ain't paying PS Pluss.   Now I have a use for this guide
The death rite bird didn’t shown up
999!!! 1 millions is gone!
Death's Poker is also insane because it lets you double dip into both fire and magic boosts, so you can get both Scorpion Talismans and both Cracked Tears, giving it plus 60% (although technically +75% since the percentages multiply each other), add onto this stuff like the boost to weapon skills from Shard of Alexander (+15%) and something simple like Ritual Sword (+10%) and suddenly your Death's Poker skill does 120% more damage. It's very broken.
Ymfah ma boy, I was waiting for this video , thanks mate
lol I love how you did a play on the OG Giantdad video with the intro. Legendary
your directions are complete garbage. Im lost after the jumping puzzle because you skipped ahead like 40 seconds to the portal
Big only afro vibes at the start, love it.
Thanks so much, I’m trying to get past a few bosses to get into Mohgwyn for the farm spot and I need a little cheese until I can get stronger 👍 I was planning on using icerind anyways post patch but this is a great weapon
For those doing this post 1.04, it is impossible to do the volcano manor godskin skip now so good luck finding seven
Did anyone not notice that his character is a female??
Where did he get the +5 stone before Margit?
i’m having trouble with the double bridge jump in the volcano manor, does anyone know if that’s patched or smth?
L2 + R1 and L2 + R2 just do normal attacks. What am I doing wrong?
Am I tripping? Where did you get +5?
Is this only for samurai builds?
From _Giant Dad_ to _Giant Chad_ ... The legend never dies.
Night Cavalry also got patched...
1.04 patched the godskin jump, need a new way to get the somber stone 7
I like to use this as a general guide just to power level small characters, not necessarily deaths power but it does give you a good starting point if you wanna more or less skip the first chunk of game
cant you do varre s quest and end up in moghwyn palace where in a chest is a dragon somber stone to make plus 10?
Ymfah sensei please, the world needs u, 1.04 has messed up the jump to get to +7. If anyone can find a way its u 🙏🏾
Thk god, 1.04 didn't nerf death poker.
Less than 10 minutes and I've 'broken' this game - with a new save I just started  I've said it before, we don't deserve you ymfah
Think the Godskin Noble skip has been patched. Last jump just isn't possible anymore. No Somber 7...
anyone know if the skip for godskin noble is still in the game? can't tell if im bad or if they patched it
Now patch 1.04
with this group i have negative winrate. many trades that hit SL do not even consider in the group that they affected the SL. win 2 trades with 1.5usd and lose 1 with -6usd. can't recommend. after 30 days in this group  -16usd and 40usd subscribe (-56usd). NO NO NO, thx
I think they patched godskin skip :^( the ledge you jump to is noticeably smaller than before
I run out of arrows before the bird is dead, unfortunately
You can optimize the early part this route even more by: 1. Get 42k runes from Caelid Night Calvary by luring him to the cliff next to the small bridge where he spawns then jump to the bridge and bait his jump (to death) attack. 2. Level 23 Int and 12+ Mind 3. Get Rock Sling spell and Meteorite Staff ( optional Perfumer Traveler's Set) all from Street of Sages Ruins in Caelid 4. Change to 6 FP flasks and cheese the Rite Bird with the spell, much faster than with bow 5 Buy torch from Kale in Elle church. Go to the big rune farm dragon. Use Death Poke WA flame for instant Frostbite proc (10% total HP) > change to torch and do R1 to reset Frostbite > repeat. This is by far the fastest medthod at this point in the game.  5 (optional) Go to Gael tunnel and cheese Fallingstar Beasts with Rock Sling for Moonveil: Every 3 hits to the head will break poise > use Death Poker WA, repeat  Now you have Death Poker for slow + big enemy and Moonveil for fast + small ones.  Enjoy
how do you do the jump from Bridge to wall to the smithing stone 7? I've tried so many times...
+25 early vid soon?
meteoric ore blade is way better than moonveil.
Only man on the internet who could make a competent Jar build/item build for this game, I'd wager. I'm giving it a go now; Mason 'Man of the Jar'. Certainly not the easiest thing I've ever done.
Like your vids, but just Maybe slow it down a little bit. I keep having to backtrack every 30 seconds…Maybe I’m a noob or a nonce, but you should cater to me, right?
I've managed to almost get to volcano manor before I've even beaten margit, god I'm insane
Would this still be good for godskin duo and Melania
I started following this after I had already put 20str/dex/vig, so I faced godrick with only 11 int... Was able to no-hit him at lv 38 before he could finish doing the phase 2 transition XD that is broken
why +5? with the giant you stop at +4
yes subtitles in portuguese
get sent to brazil
Gg great video but im missing where you get the somber 5 stone? Giant only sells to +4
Night's Cavalry dies before if you go far enough, the bridge he's on gets despawned and he just falls down and dies
"seja enviado para o Brasil" lol
All hail the bird and dog killer !!!
now we need a how to get op with magic video kkkkkk also you are awesome
if you were to get another weapon to max instead of death poker what would it be?
Where did you get your somber 5?
Followed this guide for oy third character. Having a blast. Thanks ymfah!
Of course we start with the best build music.
yeah shure, a +9 weapon testing on enemies before stormveil, of course its gonna be strong, try using this against Malenia and youll se how "good" this build is. And its not early game if you're on the god damn half of the game and extremely over leveld. The build is rather weak on late game for its level.
SON&F is still absolutely viable 🤣
I’m just so thankful that Papa Franku hasn’t been forgotten in meme history
if you unlock varre's quest you can ven make it +10 by running through mohgwyn mausoleum or whatever it's called
You can also do Varres quest line and go to Mohgwyn palace to get an somber ancient stone
Power up the bass-cannon
This weapon got nerfed a week after this video was put out. Sorry folks.
Does this still work?
I was way more at the beginning and went through 10x longer than that and didn't get 100k only 30
This death bird isn't staying still. Anyone know if they patched out the cheese?
Carian Retaliation is also a good weapon art tho
I love these for skips and upgrade materials all in one place, with memes to boot. The outer god's work
Tbh... I'm quite surprised... That he haven't got the million subs 🤔🤔🤔 it's rigged I tell ya
FROM is going to nerf it again ...
Why the fuck don't you show the location of the portal at the academy lake this video is not helping I have to use multiple fucking videos to find out where the FUCK I'M at edit:nevermind I found it video was somewhat helpful thank you
Mmmm... Giant Dad vibes in the beginning
Você não pode escapar para sempre ymfah, um dia... você vai voltar pro Brasil
Its vastly different when I know what your talking about, I watch your dark souls vids because I enjoy watching the game, but never tried the souls games. Elden ring, however I did give a try, first try I went balls in, wretch. Been loving it
THIS IS COOL AND ALL BUT REMEMBER HOW EASILY YOU CAN GET +10 AT MOHGS HUMBLE ABODE
2:34 you can exploit the dragon, it takes too long to die, so if you run really fast to the grace, it revives and still gives you the souls
I keep running out of arrows at the death bird part
why do arabic closed captions always automatically turn on when i watch this video
Ultimate meme strats, also thanks I have a high level grafted greatsword now
song at 4:15??
I just have one thing to ask. Can you out the music you use in your videos somewhere please ?? Your challenges are amazing. I wish I had this kind of determination
When it really works and not just some fake youtube video trolling for views🥺
What is the song at 4:15? Shit bumps but it didnt seem like it was in the music used playlist
Как же я благодарен переводчику ymfaha . Спасибо братанчик
Finally I don't need to grind until level 713 to beat Soldier of Godrick anymore
Muito bom
Does the knight calvary cheese still work?
The reference to the Giantdad intro in the beginning you fucking legend
Why does his character remind me of Rich Piana? 5% mindset!
Here waiting how to be op and lv1
have rhey updated game since? the death bird isnt standing still at all for me.
i dont see how he get  +5 stone  or im blind ?
*A stick of ice and fire*
for non-samurai classes with at least 13 starting dex, you can get a flail (has bleed) from the easternmost caravan chest near the gatefront ruins, and then you can just grab radagons soreseal for the 18 dex requirement before you hit the dragon and you can get a bow from the roundtable merchant, twin maiden husks
you can actually make it +10 after you beat godrick... complete varre's quest after you beat godrick he will send you to the mowgli palace and near the top of the area is the slab waiting for you kings
Late game spec dex and arcane get you a rivers of blood and never lose in pvp duals again
Brasil mencionado!
For anyone trying to use this for an actual playthrough I suggest grabbing the Stonesword Key instead of the seed since you will find enough for a +6 flask without fighting any bosses.
I love how the intro jazz music makes me miss flipping Havel moms and dads.
Boys he’s done it he’s become your average Brazilian male
I love your videos
Where did you get the +5 from?
After the +7 you can just walk through the door into the manor without killing yourself and use that bonfire
Can somebody please help me? When I press R2 my character does an attack and I cannot do anything other than that attack. I don’t know how he is able to do R2 + L1 and stuff for the attack to cover distance. My attack is short
Note: you can totally farm the Faroth dragon.   Use the flail to get him low. mount up on torrent and run to his tail. Proc him with the katana and run back to the grace as soon as his health hits zero.  You get the Runes. And the dragon is still kicking.  Not the most absurd farming route but great for some early levels.
Had any of this been needed or changed ?
Hi all,  Is it normal that the last boss turns of my screen on phase 2 on PC? Dealing with npc lag switch was enough for me to feel challenged
But u can actually make an +10 weapon easy
try to beat elden ring and never accept melina's offer.
I can already see a smooth elden ring pacifist run
Master  I Need a PURE STR build
Man, you can say the entire game is Brazil. Is a fuc*ing hell
Against all testers and developers, against the legions, we will put you alone.
how long into the game will this op setup last?
Meu deus, porque Caelid é o Brasil?     Caelid parece ter um clima tão agradável....
How Elden's ring "only consumable" will arrive soon?
U can get a +10 dark stone; just do the Varre's quest, invating 3 hosts and killing him; after this, rush for the stone on a chest located on top before the boss
The night and fire cheeseblade carried my whole run on 1.02. With Dragon Rot, Pest Threads, and Swarm of Flies, you had everything you needed to finish the whole game. RIP.
1:46 Seja enviado para o Brasil?que zueira é essa
@ymfah if run fast to grace the dragon still a live and you can kill unilimited times
Can you make one for Cofessor class!
Seja bem-vindo "AO" Brasil, not "para". XD Caelid areas do feel like Brazil, though. LMAO
I don't even play the game, but this is entertaining As FUN
Idk why the beginning portion labeled "Death's Poker +5" is labeled that cause it's actually +4.
Next video dark souls 3 ?
what about best summon or river of blood or azur comat mage guide? XD
To make it even more op: just powerstance another greatsword with fire dmg. Spam the shit out of the aow of Deaths Poker and if the enemy got frost, hit him with the fire weapon so you can apply the frost explosion again. I know, frost weakens the enemys mitigations but the frost explosion does more dmg in the end
It's funny because this gets more fucked up with talismans.   Shard of Alexander and Magic Scorpion Charm are definitely items to look into for this.
9:27  The reason why he dies is because he returns to his spawn point but the bridge you see him on is not loaded when you're that far away.   I'm sure you can figure out the rest. Lmao
GG thanx for your work bro 👍
Can’t wait for +25 before fighting Grafted Scion
Can’t wait for “How to pacifist Elden Ring”
As a brazilian, i loved so much the part that you comes to our country ❤
am i the only one who´s game lags hard when big enemies get the l2/r1 damage prock?
How the hell you land the r2+r1 i always get it 1/3 of the times
Devs: Thanks now we will nerf it in 1.04 :D, all the weapons you listed will be nerfed as well don't worry ! easy work life for devs
nice explanation
8:04 somebody for the love of God please tell me how to jump there
Calvary cheese doesn't work for me, he just spawns back to the bridge poisoned
Cant wait for Breaking elden ring 3: you are (not) OP
BRAZILLLLL!!!!
Time to reset my night and flame save.. haha
I guess I better start learning to fight this now.
Yo i have done everything in the video (i think) but when i want to equip an ash of war the death's poker doesn't show up in the menu does anyone know why?
6:27 what is that music name ?
bravo
Awesome video as always! I don’t play those games so I have no idea what’s going on but you have this way of making it interesting! My only request is another Skyrim video. Take care and keep up the good work ymfah!
They seem to have fixed the cavalry cheese. This is disappointing.
1:46 no fucking way, you said it and im at Brazil! What now? I will be sent to another country?
Trying to do this RIGHT NOW but death bird keeps grinding head into wall under me. Please help. 99 arrows was not enough for body shots
I try my own challenge and complete Elden Ring. Not all bosses, of course, it's need to find and reach them) but i'm complete it on my PC - i5-4570, radeon HD7800 2GB VRAM, 16 GB DDR3... I don't know why I'm writing about this. But when Elden ring only consumables?
I can't believe I'm actually considering following one of these videos I can't tell if this is good or not and that's very concerning
Can't wait to see you try to do items only run. Keep up the amazing work.
Using this routing (minus an order change between the dragon and Iji) and doing Varre's quest to get to Mohgwyn early I can now get a +10 somber with the farm spot unlocked within an hour to an hour and a half. great guide Ymfah!
''Seja enviado para o Brasil'' made my day, never gonna see it in the same way again
I need more tutorial please
Imagine How many runs ymfah Will do in Elden Ring, level 1, consumables only, not speaking, (pacifist?)
“I shall remember thee, Tarnished.  Smouldering, with thy meagre flame.”  *—The guy who couldn’t even survive 5 seconds of said meagre flame*
Anyone can help me? Why i always finished my arrows before the boss die?
Elden ring pacifist run when?
Took me hour and half, very easy and now I am going to have some fun
Are they patching these games purely because of you?
Even easier way to cheese the Night Cavalry, there is a spot on the bridge, if you stand there he will run off the mountain and die.
You said take a left this time at the fog I’ve been running around for 40 minutes and can’t find anything
Gravity rush 2 music?! Fuck yea.
Hahahaha That intro tune! <3
Хорошечно
Where do i find the glintstone key?
love these videos! though im stumped as to how you got the weapon to +5 before you went inside academy? Iji only sells up to +4
whats that epic song in the start?
I feel dirty
i can use this to lvl fast on my pvp character, thanks :)
Also there are some nice upgrade materials up the white rot like structure (use the spiritspring to get on it) at 4:19
Dark Moon Greatsword only run when? Need to stay faithful to moon wife after all XD I imagine that would be painful. Hands only till married XD
Thumbnail looks like Jetstream Sam
I literally shout in joy when unwavering belief plays  This guy's music taste is on another level
Cavalry cheese don't work!
I need the location of the death bird
The fuk means "seja enviado ao Brasil"
the somber smithing stones from iji upgrade the weapon onöy tu +4 am i missning something? where did he get the +5 stone?
Elden ring, No Graces run. Do it, coward.
Honestly thank you so much this helped me get one trophy that helped me get the platinum
I wonder if there is a way to cheese the 2 cleanrot knights boss and get the Golden Scarab talisman to make this even better...
i feel like this kind of barely does any damage a little later in the game at +7
What do you guys focus attributes on with this build?
The death bird cheese doesn't work, the guy won't stop attacking
I did this at the start of a bow only build and it made things far easier for the entire run, all I have left to do is final boss and malenia because a mix of poison, heavy poison, blood, and frost make bow builds far better than I thought
Glad to see Brasil properly written, gringo.
Honestly can't wait for your runs on this one man! I hope you have as much fun with them as we will have fun watching them!!  Praise the ring!
The somber stone 7 jump, aim for the far right corner on your last jump
I love these videos but please show where you going for the ones who doenst have map knowledge XD
Calvery cheese doesn't work anymore ),:
Nice intro reference
Can you do giant dad pls
Ymfah out here doing the lord's work as usual.
I miss the power wolf intros :(
Zueira com o Brasil em PT-BR, gênio dos jogos souls, música de Jojo... Cara, que canal maravilhoso
Don’t get me started how unhelpful the directions in this video were at times 😂
I was using this weapon for flavor purposes for my Fia playthrough, now people just think I am a cheeselord!  ...I mean they'll not wrong.
I was at the part looking for Leonia of the Lakes and got invaded for the first time and whipped this dude's ass. I SUuuuUUUuuuck at this game too! I was absolutely HYPED! now i know what they mean by that thrill! I will be elden lord!
God i loved the "Seja enviado para o Brasil"  COME TO BRASIL CARAI
come to brazil my brother
POT ONLY RUN
Behold, bucket!
1:47 ayo... as a brazilian... I must translate this for ya: "Get sent to Brazil". Very nice that you bothered to write this in portuguese, thx :)
This game will never get balanced.
As an advanced bonus, now do Varre's questline (meet him in Liurnia (requires Godrick so he moves), do 3 invasions (it doesn't matter if you win, you can straight up kys if you don't want to pvp), go to the 4 Belfries, get the sword next to the grace, activate the portal in the middle, return to the very start and touch the dead maiden, back to Varre to get his invitation to Mohg, run past everything until you reach the grace below Mhog and loot the somber ancient dragon stone next to the congregation of baddies) for a +10 weapon with only a single Demi-god killed.
You aren't cheesing the bosses, you're making them fondue!
I tried hacking away at the dragon for 20 minutes using Morning Star. I think they patched the game so this doesn't work anymore in the latest update.
1:45 seja bem vindo, amigo 😂
What's the sample used at 4:14?
This is amazing but the real question consumable only run when
I see that you are also the fan of Getter Robo.
1:47 LMAO 🤣
The night calvary dies due to gravity. Put plainly, you get him to go high up on the hill enough that the game teleporting him back simultaneously sees the difference in height and registers it as falling. If you jump from the same height he despawns at, you also die.
Ymfah, are you Brazilian? The portuguese subtitles are really specifics
seja enviado pro brasil é sacanagem
That Giant Dad intro lol
ymfah "the fear of from software balancing"
YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM YOU SUMMONED HIM
How to stfu early and gtfo my feed
No one notices how this video is a tribute to the most controvertial and memelord build the dark souls community has ever experienced 😂😂 he’s back in black!
wrarth caller bell + SPell parry = OP
can't you get +10 easy? go to the church of rose in the lake and talk to Varrie, do 3 invasions (don't even have to win), speed on over to Church of inhibition, then get the item to teleport to mohg's dynasty, sanic your way through to right before the lift up to Mohg's fight, and then open chest (maybe die) and grab the somber dragonstone material for + 10
Night Knight cheese ain't working for me lol, just keeps teleing back to the bridge, with the poison still going mind you.. but at this rate it'll take forever, and lots of healing/removing poison lol
BTW…it’s not funny
No words for how awful this is.
Its fantastic that some people are able to play this much ;however, If From ever acknowledged the many cases of white screen crashes that started occurring after the 1.03 patch. They wont solve this and I think most people (as they should be) are hesitant to say that From would fix this issue that quite literally makes there product unplayble, aka worthless to those consumers that this happens to. It happens all over the place, seemingly at random to people with dx12 cards. They really arent going to do anything about it, especially with there "huge balance issues" that can be solved with a slider. Its so surprising that From is so incapable of not having glaring issues in there games, despite there massive presence in the game industry
wdym kill Rykard with 40 vigor?
What's the best one of these weapons for a pure strength build?
Ymfah... You sent me to Brazil with that teleporter. My man !
I want the number for that character
my portal wasn’t there in the ruins🧍🏾‍♂️
I've waited for this video for so long you wouldn't believe it.
The night cavalry wont die.. i tried so hard and got so faaaaar :(
pin on the map would have been appreciated..  hard to follow as a noop
Qual a melhor arma pra colocar mais +9 no início? Essa aí que mostrou no vídeo ou a presa do cão de caça?
The reference at the intro
Ну хотя-бы субтитры есть, а в остальном всё топ, всем хорошего дня =)
THE MUSIC!
music in the beginning made me nostalgic lol
I fucking love your music choices, so good ❤️
is this good in ng+7
the night calvary always die cuz he just jump off the cliff himself all the time
Dang that throw back to the GiantDad video
ih, mesteu essa?
Found your Channel today for the first time. Dude your videos are hilarious
Is this really that op if you have to get hit in order to lure them into that floor trap?
so uh main issue, the cavalry knight cheese just doesn't work :(
They better not nerf my favorite greatsword. I havent even gotten to use it properly yet, its not properly used until I've put 20+ hours into it.
Insta-like for the HE'S BACK reference.
I love the jojo music you added.
im just waiting for his inevitable shield only or pacifist runs lol
I guess I'll have to do this so that I can be op goodbye sword of night and flame
bruh this is much easier than N&F 😂😂😂
I don't even want to know what ymfah will come up with in the sl1 video for elden ring
Amazing,ths!
When I discovered this weapon I fell in love. I honestly think it will get a quiet nerf but I'm not gonna stop using it any time soon.
PROTIP: Dont activate grace that you will find after Godskin skip it will save you alot of troule like if you agree
you know.. i not doing all this breaking stuff. im here to admire and enjoy montage skills and music choice - it  remainds me of things from past thing that i still  love.
king shit for the patch alternatives ymfah, love you always brother
This edit is fantastic.
But...can you beat Elden Ring...without jumping?
Can someone help me out I finally got that staff but it's not doing what I'm seeing on this video do I have to buy a spell or something
I only got +4 doing the same thing. Did I do anything wrong?
Cool. You can stomp the early game. What the heck do I turn this build into now? Lol. To many possibilities.
The gargoyle in bestial sanctum is cheesable just make him fall off left side
Waiting for u to show how broken arcane is
Song at 4:28?
Great video can you collab with Filipe Ramos
For some reason I can't kill this death bird , use all 99 arrows and he still got less then half HP and when I come back with more arrows he's HP getting full , what I'm doing wrong 😭
bro wtf im already brazilian i hate my life
Superb. You have inspired me, tarnished.
This was impressive. And without taking 5hours to watch it.
the cavalry cheese doesnt work EDIT: Nevermind it just worked. Took like 9 tries
Was not expecting to hear Unwavering Belief in a Ymfah video, but I'm okay with that
when i do the strongest attack it doest use magic any reason why?
I've Watched the video 3 times but how you get the sombre smitting 5? Before the Manor?
RIP Night and flame sword
Please only punch
After I press l2 it just auto does an attack
well, thou art of passing skill
This new sekiro looks fun af.
Uhm, Am I the only one that the gsme perma crash in the bridge cinematic? Yes? Uh... I think I broke my game somehow...
Finally, I needed an excuse to start a new character 😂 Appreciate the hard work!
seja enviado para o Brasil LMFAO
Video Idea : Fallout 3 no equip load
Why didn't you grab the gold scarab from caelid?
You are an hero.
The nge title card tho, 😚👌
Hey Ymfah  Not sure whether this will be of use to you but I found a way to set a wrong spawn at one of the main bosses, Rennala. I found this on a current version (1.03.2)  If you get summoned and help kill her, your spawn will be set to her boss room, past the cutscene trigger.  After playing the cutscene for the first time, if you die to her or try to replicate it afterwards, she'll be there with her students but her AI won't activate no matter what you do.
HAHAHAHA!
HELL YEAH MAN, i always knes this kind of comedy what that of a brazilian TNC GRINGAIADA O MELHOR CANAL DE DS É BR PORRAAAA , HAUHAUHAUHAUHAUHA
There will be bloodshed
the somber ancient stone is pretty easy too trough varra's quest
yay now loads of trash ass players can plow through the game purely thru insane dps xd
The music! Awesome!
I can't buy this game. I'm from Russia and this "Operation" stopping me to buy elden ring
he was dancing around when i tried lol couldnt even hit him edit: he fell off
ymfah truly a student of the game with that onlyafro flashback music at the start
Another op weapon that carried me over thy entire game are those swords that the very first boss drops you yo can have they if you are pretty good at the first battle
Ymfah the GOAT
You are awesome thanks my guy! I’m going to try this this weekend
No Powerwolf song? :(
Godfah
Omfg
I set the intro sax as my ringtone.
Quem colocou essas legendas em pt br tá de parabéns kkkkkk muito bom
HE ADDED IT BACK THE OLD YMFAH JAZZ HOW MUCH I MISSED IT😩
I'll make a tutorial how to breake the game at slv1
Great. Next this weapon will get nerfed. Thanks for nothing.
We all remember the flipping havel moms and dads on 1.05. And we're damn glad they're gone
"If this gets patched:"  *Lists essentially every other low-skill required weapon that with a nerf, become garbage*  Love you ymfah.
You should do a gun video the only real guy I know about is the shield gun but I’ve seen other ones like hand bow guns…
1 change: instead of killing yourself after getting somber [7] in iron keep go through the door to the entrance hall and get recusant finger and site of grace there for infinite invasions with twink build
Mate rather than "Go left", PLEASE show us map or use compass directions
Like
man, the dmg is really crazy.. i thought basic astrologer is already broken lol beating the 1st boss tree sentinel in lvl 1 and the 2nd boss margit in lvl 6 but this dmg is just insane.
You can always use the Black Knight Halberd
fromsoft everytime some body makes an op video  "write that down!"  immediatley nerfed.
Can you beat the game with this stuff?
I run out of arrows way before hes even below half health COOOOOL
So the knight teleports back to the bridge when i lure him. Did they patch this?
Thanks for this man. Saved my tarnished life!
I'm waiting for the consumable only walkthrough, tbh
I dont  have that much damage with +6 even, how do you do it?
You can also get eleonras poleblade extremely early as well
W music choice, felt like we were growing throughout the video!!
I appreciate the reference at the start
1:48  i love brazil jokes
HOLY SHIT IS THAT A MOTHERFUCKING BRAZIL REFERENCE????
Please come to Brasil
Next time you show a video with Hoarah Loux please use the space jam theme song, thanks.
Can’t “do some parkour” in the latest patch
William Nioh 1
The madman has done it again ! :'D
This dude's editing is actually so good.
Learn from your mistakes,  take particular notice to your enemy's moments and hit boxes, and learn the distances of your weapons strikes. You should be fine.
What happened to the sword of night and flame
this video was insane
THE LEGEND NEVER DIES.      Send
ymfah, the true god gamer who doesnt even pump his videos with filler while still getting out all the information needed to do the video
good guide for my 2nd build
Seems a lot of work to be overpowered early in the game...
He CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS!
I can truly say the main reason why I expected elden ring, was to see exactly this. This makes me very happy.
How to finish the game maidenless
I'm using this as a go to for quick somber smithing stones, I'll use this for my pizza cutter character too lol
oh my god the feels, 99/10 intro
Ymfah really be like damn this weapon needs a nerf guess I should make a video on it so everybody knows about it
how do you do the little taunt 6:15 when you look at the screen im assuming its an action with the weapon but how do you do it lmao and also this is very impressive
That +7 somber stone I was missing is a bliss, thank you man !
*laughs in not updated game*
Is there a way to get rivers of blood early
I needs this but with Ruins Greatsword so we can start the game just deleting columns of enemies even faster.   Though... thay does require between a Shard bearer and a duo boss. 😭
Hiw in the hell do you make that jump to the ledge to get S7? Im about to tear my tv of the wall after about a 1000 attempts!
love the little ode to onlyafro <33
Yo ymfah how did you get the name ymfah. ymfah.  Also how can I get better at parrying in dark souls 3  and beat the crystal sage?
Well done! All the more, time for brew!
Love your editing. Along with the time you spend adding in text so we hear the great music pick, unlike other youtubers that just do an obnoxious voice over. As always great video man.
nice. another weapon to nerf
Followed a pretty similar strat from Vaati yesterday.
The music at 1:09 giving me giandad vibes
Consumables only when?
These soundtracks are so nostalgic 🥲
Why can’t I use the death poker?
please create archer class for elden ring
BECOME UNSTOPPABLE
Seja enviado para o Brasil kkkk, nice
Fui até abrir em outro pc pra ver se tinha sido um bug, mas aparentemente vc é BR mesmo kkkk. Sigo esse canal faz não sei quantos anos
Do you think all these skips will fuck up any of the quests?
Man this sure is a lot of work when you can just use Retaliation and kill everything.
i think the struggling is what makes fun
Is this fixed
Tua edição é muito foda, tu é BR?
Ahem *IN BLACK!*
Where did you get that bow?
I did a video with the Death's Poker killing the  Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast SL1 solo, it deals great damage if you could land the hits and let them simmer in the fire. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOP38G1SvbM here is the vid if anyone is interested. Also take note that he is weak to elemental damage so there's that.
1:47 te amamos irmão 🇧🇷
Yeah, they need to un-"balance" the sword of N&F, and hoarfrost stomp  lol. That shit was unecessary nerf.  Glad you guys are coming up with other nutty builds tho.   Meanwhile I'm still just gonna keep spamming lightning bolt, lightning spear, or glintstone pebble ultima, and everyone else is likely gonna keep spamming bleed.
Does anyone know the music? 🙏
Wats Music 0:20?
Слишком сильно напоминаешь ZOGmister
1:08 ah yeah. How to make Giant Dad.
This is terrifying
is the Knight Calvary cheese fixed? on my 5th attempt at it right now
You can actually get 120k souls if you hate yourself enough to go through the abandoned cave
Can't wait for Elden Ring Pacifist :)))
So... Maidenless run? 🥚
Think the knight dies cause he is supposed to reposition back on to the bridge, but falls off for some reason.
Ymfah ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️best of the best of the best!!!
I love you for this video!!
When and where did he get sombe smithing stone (5), the blacksmith only sells to +4
I love this editing 🤣🍻
ymfah my beautiful darling youtuber, it would please me greatly if you considered making a version of this video for non-somber weapons. i feel there are some absolutely busted weapon art combos and/or busted weapons like antspur rapier/that one hammer that restored hp. thank u for all of your elden ring and bloodborne videos as they are goated with the sauce.
Nice. More Gravity Rush music.
Ngl it was very entertaining. Deffo trying this too hehe
They might've recently made the  dragon invincible, could you confirm?
So, how soon till this also gets nerfed? Next patch?
Does this really works
I don’t care what anyone says *copium* the sword of night and flame still smacks *coooooooopium* I don’t just use it because I wasted all my levels on int and faith, I swear it’s really good!
You know it will be a perfect video (again) when Gravity Rush OST starts.  Tnx.
even jack loves your videos
Seja enviado ao Brasil 🇧🇷
i thought the whole "illusory wall" thing was a joke and never actually knew you could jump over that wall. its a good day.
My man back at it with the epik kontent
A thing u can do to bring more style to this build is to take the path to the crystal sword location (part of a early mage run) but instead geting it, attack the npc in form of a jar and take the medallion from him. Going back to the round table u kill the invasor and get a nice armor (it'll be placed in front of the leaders room). It makes u look like a god of death or something.
GODLIKE PERFORMANCE AND KNOWLEDGE.
"We're so damn glad they're gone." You see ymfah, they're not gone. They were just waiting for this video :)
Brasil foi fóda kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Bloody hell you're getting fast
ymfah produces some of the best gaming content on youtube easily
nice ty lol, the ff voicelines remind me of the good ol days
Omg I JUST found out this is also on PS4!! I thought it was new gen only, so I'm so excited to download this! 💪
This is pretty scary
This man is too scary to be left alive
I can’t find the jump for the smithing stones , I am lost
if you want to improve the dmg of L2+R1 what you need to skill??? strengh?
Hmmm this isn't that scary jack
Nobody about to question why this is at the top of *jacksepticeye's* channel? No, just me? Alright
I did this guide and got to level 60 in 15 hours
1:47 "seja enviado para o Brasil" bro💀
1:09 I can't, it's just too funny 🤣
Thanks for the Evangelion font reference. i needed that
Scariest video of all time. I think I will not be able to sleep for somedays. I feel like my life has changed.
Ah yes, jack septic eyes scariest video yet.
On this episode of "what will the next update nerf"
This method dont be nerfed bcs its not help for speedruns
That intro... So nostalgic...
pro tip: backstepping is the fastest way to traverse lava without ashes of war (bloodhound step is best)
OnlyAfro reference
Be send to brasil... i'm just... pretend to be offended or not?
Its so OP jack added this to his scariest videos on the internet playlist
Love the Judgment music in the beginning dude, please keep using the RGG soundtrack in your videos man
When elden ring came out, I was more excited about your inevitable content on it than I was to actually play the game.
Jack you legend
I can confirm, that gargoyle is my friend, I eat a "churrasco" with it last night.
like how no one is using the new names fromsoft has given to the game mechanics. It’s still estus, bonfires, and souls
But Elden Ring is already broken.
Jesus Christ this is terrifying
This truly is one of the scariest videos on the internet
''scariest videos''                            -Jacksepticeye
What a horrifying video
This guy is the reason these games have things like the Larval Tear xD nice work
The old-school onlyafro vibes from the intro hit me hard bro.
Even Jacksepticeye couldn't handle how terrifying this build is
That intro was a perfect homage to onlyafro's work of genius, the birth of the GiantDad meme. I couldn't help but smile.
Version 1.05 goes brrrrrrrrr
Dude I can't watch this, it's just too scary
Holy fuck this is so scary
Scary this one is
Saving this when I will afford to buy the ps5 and the game, lol
Damn, i cant take how scary this is
I used Death's Poker for Malenia since the explosion easily combo'd into heavy attacks and poise breaks, but damn, I should've been using it outside of her boss fight lol
It is scariest internet video
Scariest video on the internet
get ready for the nerfs boys
10:53 Confirmado, ymfah é o Filipe Ramos
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" ?
Im actually surprised ymfah dint upload like 10 videos already of elden ring
hey ymfah if you want to know you CAN GET TO +10  with varre quest
Truly horrifying. The peak of internet terror.
Dude sean was right this video is scary
Came here from Jack's playlist
Thank you my liege
1:47 apenas a verdade LMAO
Guys try out the magma balde of you can handle all the farming it takes it’s so strong and fast I love it
This is such a scary video.    I shit my pants when watching it
It would be cool for you to do a video like your older stuff where you make a really weird ass build work. Most of us already know how to get overpowered the game makes it really really easy to do. You even listed a bunch of OP weapons that work as good as this one. I like your more creative content Idk just my opinion
Spooky video
I just lost the god damn 60k extra runes to a rat… I almost jumped out of my window..
Além do vídeo ser extremamente informativo e útil, tem as melhores músicas
Love that this was added to Jacksepticeye's "scariest videos" playlist. It's truly terrifying what this man can do with this kind of power
Its so scary
Truly one of the scariest videos on the internet.
If I do this as an astrologer, what stats should i invest to? I need to know where to put the dragon's runes 🤣
Players: trying to have fun with the game  FromSoft: "Lol, no." *unfuns it*
you know, deathbird can be cheesed by holy water pots, about 700 damage each shot.
Fantastic video. Loved your editing - and the tutorial ofc :)
Yo ymfah. (For breaking this a touch more) If you stand on the cliff by the deathbird you can get it to straight jump off with some consistency, usuially takes 1 try, at most 2
whens elden ring without walking rolling talking to npcs and no using grace ?
i use moonveil katana +9 at early , still work fine for me
1.05 is now out   dam i was just watching this and about to have a go
GOAT
THERE WILL BE BLOOD  SHED
Just FYI, people are farming that dragon now. They rest at grace as it's dying. Maybe best farm right now. Can't do it if it's already dead.
Is there any way to do this without that second jump ??
Thats too much work, thank god for PC gaming and its trainers.
I for one appreciate the onlyafro giantdad intro reference
god that part on 06:41 transition is so damn fuckin good wtf
lol dude this track at 4:10 is so weirdly satisfying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyA8odjCzZ4 jesus christ that intro
Gigachad
as a Brazilian, I laughed so fucking hard at 1:46
That intro really brings back so many memories...holy shit
Jesus man this was incredibly well put together haha
JACKSEPTICEYE SAW UR VIDEO
1:47 the caption LOL
is this possible at rune level one.
If you can't cheese deathbird for some reason, go to third church of marika in Limgrave and grab sacred blade from a dung beatle nearby, you can kill it in like 10 seconds, even with a starting weapon
Did he go through the gate with the glintstone key?  Did I miss where he got the glintstone key?  edit figured it out, don't go into the door LOL.
Agora só falta o vídeo "Deus Vult" do elden ring com uma música do Powerwolf de fundo :)
For some reason my L2 + R1 attack does the explosion, the same as my L2 + R2 does anybody know why?
ymfah come to Brazil
“Seja enviado para o Brasil” I’m already in brazil so fuck off
First go to the dragon temple and then kill a monster, you cp will hit billions
If you wanna optimize the Deathbird cheese (or generally kill deathbird faster) you should know that they are very allergic to holy damage such as from holy urns.
I spent so fucking long looking for a good build video. How did the algorithm take so long to show you to me
자막 좋네 ㅋㅋ
I did that with Moonveil. Magma Wyrm is so easy that you don't even need to cheese it. I did kill Edgar to get his +8 halberd though, just to make things a bit easier, but that's optional.
That fucking intro xD
madness
"Seja enviado pro Brasil" que mancada kkkkk
Getter Robo this time? The absolute best, my man
You speak portuguese ymfah?
Time to 'Git Gud', cheese version!
When fighting the bird, try to wait until it stops moving to fire your arrows or you’ll end up out of ammunition and needing to go down there to actually fight.   Or you can use the cheese strat, your choice.
Anybody else notice that this is on Jacksepticeye’s Scariest Videos on The Internet playlist? 😂
Ymfah vc é brasileiro?
self taught! And not half bad
This channel has truly been missed
BRAZIL MENTIONED
why is this on jacksepticeyes playlist
yeah elden ring is cool and stuff but have you ever done a video to Nioh 1 or 2? I mean Nioh is even more fun to play no joke, you can trust me.
After u come to caleid With the portal u can run down to the bridge With the dragon. Before that Bridge Turn right. There will be a +9 Stone too.
1:46 KKKKKKK falou do Brasil somos invocados
Thanks to those videos I will see another nerf coming
Oxi, do nada o cara legenda em portugues
Any plus 9 somber weapon is broken tbqh. Long doot is my new run.
My mother: Go study Me: OK... 5 minutes later she catches me watching your videos. Mother: Weren't you supposed to be studying? Me: I'm studying, how to be a badass in elden ring. Hope you like it, and sorry if i typed something wrong I'm from Brazil ;)
I already knew about the cheesey peasy souls from dragonburrow, but as soon as you went and got the foulfoot it stuck me. "OH! I could use that right before it dies for more souls!" Thanks for that helpful extra tip!
Here comes the nerfs
I just use Quickstep with my dagger in any lava or rot areas. Just like ds3
man  i keep dying at bat castle
Huh, dont need this but it did show me some more Night bosses i need to get
duuuuddeee 4:27 that music gave me so much nostalgia, for your channel and fighters channel
How do this be working on the elden beast tho?
I assume the bloodhound’s step is irrelevant
Damn "seja enviado para o Brasil" surprised me. Shoutouts from the yellow and green land!
For the other somber weapons that were suggested - why did it say Blasphemous Blade you need 40 vigor?
8:00
1:46 *mano tu é???*
você é br mano??
How to be overpower in elden ring: Step one: google duplication glitch Step two: do it to runes Step three: ??? Step four: profit
First gold foot you can jump right off the cliff and hit the spirit spring for a little faster golden foot.
Man either this game is gonna get nerfed into being unfun for pve or just have constant rocket tag pvp and I sure hope it's the latter
Did jackscepticeye just accidentally add this video to his scariest videos playlist lmao
yare yare daze
omg just stuck after kill the first boss :D now i think i can have better early game :D thank you very much
Elden ring devs getting the notification after finally getting some sleep after patch 1.03: He can't keep getting away with this!  edit: might as well get the +10 stone at the bloody boss area.
Im trying to understand the "Seja enviado para o Brasil" when you use the portal to Caelid.
Why was this on jacksepticeyes scariest videos on the internet playlist?
After this clip release. From software got 1.04 patch immediately.
I'd love a Godskin skip. But... for Farum, not Volcano Manor. If there's one person cheeky enough to do it though, it'd be ya boi ymfah.
please start making videos about spells so they stop nerfing these weapons
루트 쩌네요
Sabia que vc era brasileiro, então é essa a razão dos subtitles serem perfeitos
Once you get your second talisman pouch you could probably get warrior jar shard to increase the weapon art damage some more too, right?
Im glad this weapon gettin some fame! its such a cool weapon with such a cool art... HOPE THE NERF DOESNT GUT IT PLEASE!!
brasiiiiil maan
Why is this on Jacksepticeyes playlists of scariest videos on the internet?
xD wtf, there a multiple places where bosses just die for no reason, the tower where you find the witch is a dragon near it, i skipped the dragon and got in the tower and as i got back  down the dragon just died for no reason lol
If they got that butthurt about t he sword of night an flame that they nerfed it, then they'll nerf this too
Elden ring before the update: Night and flame Elden ring after the update : everything
As a Brazilian I say that the location you're sent on the portal is far more comfortable than Brazil itself.
1:48 Mas que merda é essa?
This game, dude
What stats should I focus on to increase the damage? Should I just go along with the scaling or maybe just go int
8:05 cannot make that jump
8:06 From the somber 7, take the path behind, you will easily reach the volcano manor bornfire
Why do we need to kill Rykard with 40 vigor?
ymfah you're the best <3
ymfah has proven time and time again why he is my favorite souls youtuber.
This mad lad is going to go through every possible exploit faster than From can nerf them and I'm here for it.
Was that a motherfucking giantdad reference at the start
You could actually get plus 10 if you do Varres questline
this game is so difficult to play if u play blind without guides on the internet. the game doesnt tell or even hint you what to do in dungeons most of the time and their puzzles are so frustrating and annoying cause u keep dying every 2 to 3 minutes trying to figure out what to do. all the Hero Grave chariot dungeons are my most frustrating experiences playing blind.  one of them took me 30+ tries of exploring every inch of the dungeon. i am almost at my limit of stress. i am shouting , i am cursing.  I dare you all to play Elden Ring blind, u all will definitely go crazy trying to solve the puzzles and other stuff.
Holy shit the OnlyAfro intro that was nostalgic asf
The big bubble horn is very fun and does very well against large hitbox enemies or crowds. not so great for smaller opponents but its a heavy hammer so it staggers alot.
COME TO BRASIL YMFAH
I found all somber smithing stones before watching this, even +10 from moghwyn/varre's quest. But somber smithing 7 was the missing link and was only available in Royal capital. Thanks for the Godskin jump trick, hope they dont patch it. Anyways you will come up with something else... :)
Ymfah's gonna get my favorite weapon nerfed..
A weapon so broken that it also breaks my framerate, this is getting out of hand!
Rest in peace Sword of night and flame we loved you :(
1:47 : "seja enviado para o Brasil"
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" KKKKKKKKKKK
Oh if you take the elevator up a little, there's a helmet up there that's very reminiscent of a large father figure.  Works kinda well with this setup too, boosts intelligence at the cost of some health. There's also one that does that for stamina that I found but I don't remember where I got that.
I just can’t make the jump at 808 smh
what attributes to focus on to evolve in this build after the video?
I played through elden ring with the moonviel and honestly 8/10 solid weapon
It’s fucking awesome to see you making videos like this one again takes me back
LOST JUDGMENT SOUNDTRACK LETS FUCKING GO
Patch 1.04: Reduced Death Poker damage to 3...
secrets should be kept secrets, I admire you ymfah
What is the jazzy music you used called?
Evangelion
Tip for the bird. Use throwing knives. Get more hits in when it’s still. And pretty good damage
essa musica é  clássica kkk
As a Brazilian I can confirm greyolls dragonbarrow is indeed somewhere in Brazil, more precisely, in the Rio de Janeiro
What a freaking awesome, easy to follow and entertaining guide!
You gotta stop making these videos man they’re just gonna nerf it next patch ):
Hello, I am watching your video in Korea. I have a question. Some of the videos support Korean subtitles. Did you translate them yourself?
The saxaphone intro was a serious throwback to giantdad and it is much appreciated
I learned you can summon your friends for bleeding out the Giant Dragon and each player will receive 100k runes
so can this be used in rlv 1?
Only thing I’m disappointed in is the fact that I can only like this video once. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Thank you Elden lord for this video and for this content creator ❤️
You can make it plus ten by doing white mask guy's quest but you need to kill godrick.
Do varre’s questline to also get ancient somber for 10+
why the 40 vigor for blasphemous blade? i know it's not a wield requirement
They seent your first video and nerfed you into some new content. Dope
Idk if it's been said yet, but you can probably optimize this by going to mohg's palace and looting the chest before the boss for somber ancient dragon smithing stone, idk if there's one you can get sooner but you can +10 this pretty easy by just doing the three invasions and getting warped there!
1:46 As a Brazilian I can confirm that
You've probably looked into it, but the Envoy's Longhorn is crazy as all hell. It's basically a holy shotgun and it drops off a really weak enemy in the capital. Not exactly the most powerful weapon, but it's phenomenal. The tracking on the weapon art is unbelievable - I've fought even small, agile enemies and the spray of holy doots just pivots instantly to follow and annihilates them. Large enemies get stunlocked. It's absurd.
Can't belief can cheese the boss like this. Welll done.
Bem vindo ao Brasil não tem jeito né
HAHAHAHA the "get sent to Brasil" got me good :'D
I’ve already started like 3 builds, why not start another lol
beautiful saxophone reference
Aye yo go look at jacksepticeyes yt channel he accidentally put ya in a Playlist lol
I appreciate the OnlyAfro callback
is it just me who can’t cheese night’s cavalry? i’m careful not to get too far away but it keeps teleporting back to the bridge
Waiting for the consumable only run, it will be easier than ds2
1:46 caraio, mano, vc é BR huehuehuehue?
I did everything you’ve done and I don’t have two magic features on mine and the only button that will trigger it is L2..  L2+R1 does nothing nor does L2+R2… why?
like for the brasil joke kkkkkkkkk
Jacksepticeye has this video in his scariest videos on the internet playlist currently as im writing this lol.
That intro... oh my god... I can't handle it, too many memories
Holy shit the legend IS BACK
Oops, he did it again.
I’ve been waiting for this dudes Elden Ring videos
Y is this on jacksepticeye's scary videos on internet Playlist? ( Just curious ).
Jacksepticeye watched this. He put it in one of his playlists by mistake lol!
SEJA ENVIADO PRO BRASIL PORRA, BORAAAAAAAA.   Good video. Brazil sends you their love <3
1:46 I thought I had accidentally turned on the Portuguese subtitles, only to realise that there are no Portuguese subtitles and the madman just wrote in Portuguese for the hell of it. This is comedy gold, muito obrigado senhor
well the laser is a glass canon this if done right it easy mode
Oh boy, i cant wait until from nerfs bleed, because i defnitley am not using  a build that relies on poison and bleed, so even if they do i wont cry.     please stop nerfing things from, or at least refund the smiting stones we wasted
Jacksepticeye watches ymfah confirmed
seja bem vindo ao Brasil lmfao
NOOOOOO MY FAVORITE WEAPON IS GONNA GET NERFED NOW THAT ALL THE YOUTUBERS ARE MILKING THE HELL OUT OF IT!!!!!
I managed to reach Volcano Manor early but I had no idea about the Godskin skip
That Weapon have only one skill on l2 on l2+r2 dont work that mofos nerfed something once again?? Im rly angry i wasted 2 hours to archieve that WEP have just single skill god dammit
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" maravilhoso kkkkkkkkkkkkk
Love these 😅👌🏼
Anyone know what's the music at 4:08?
As a brazilian I aways wondered, why does been kidnaped/teleported related to being send to Brazil?
Because of the intro, you got yourself another subscription.
It's a shame they decreased rune drops from bosses. It's only going to encourage people to dupe more.
Can anyone tell me that very first attack? All I hear is “getsuga tenshou” And I need it 😂
That's exactly how I killed that death bird last week lol
Where did you get somber +5? I could swear you do not have it in the video
chad
I knew this weapon was OP when I used it but holy shit, this really changes everything. Can't wait for it to be patched :(
Am i the only one who got like serious wabisuke vibes from that sword?
How to skip every quest dialogue and events by rushing nice
"seja enviado para o Brasil" hahahah, i died in scarlet brazilian is hot
Top 5: Bad Things to be with a RUSSIAN WOMAN... https://youtu.be/YSZ0VvFbu24
Loved the vid!!! Can someone tell Miyazaki to please let people be, he already sold the game, let us have our fun with the build. Unless he's some kind of psycho just enjoys seeing people suffering that is.
come on dood it didnt even get nerfed that hard it was broken af XD
BRASIL MENTIONED
*Now beat it without walking*
I can't do the flame shit wtf man
For people who dont know ymfah: This is the guy who beat Skyrim with a bow but no arrows, the thieves guild without stealing, the dark brotherhood (assassines) without killing and the cherry on top, Skyrim without walking. So yes, you should expect him to ALWAYS find a way.
i cant aim for the life of me so i failed at the deathbird smh…
dude im having so much trouble with the godskin jump. how the hell did you do it so easily? ive been trying for like a fucking hour
Get sent to Brazil, lul
Ymfah can finally make a true Pokémon run with spirit summons I can't wait!
What if you started out as prisoner and get a short bow to get it and Use RADAGON'S SORESEAL to get the stats needed with out lvling
Great vid!! But Jotaro OST on cheese maaaaan... yare yare that's inappropriate ahahah
1:47 porra explodi de rir
Ehy is this in Jack's scariest home videos playlistzm
NGL this shit made my day. Thank you kindly.
Stop it, criminal! We Will soon lose all game content by such videos!
SEJA ENVIADO PARA O BRASIL KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I love how you gave a bunch of other weapons in case of a nerf lmao I doubt it's the poker that will be nerfed though. Moonveil, Rivers of Blood and other weapons are much more prevalent both in PvE and PvP
this is really disgusting
So idk if it’s a bug but the weapon art doesn’t leave flames on the ground it still does the damage over time like it is but it would be nice to see the visual lol
OnlyAfro was here
BRAZIL MENTIONED
I love how his character is just basically Jetstream Sam, the giggest of gigachads.
thx bro i did it whis is great <3
Mount Pearl and surrounding area: they have accused me of pedophilia, preditory behavior, sexist accusations, i'm not paid in currency, i'm hired to produce full projects and stolen from or completely abused and have had the cops called on me for attempting to carry out a friendship. My family has been attempting to catch me being involved in the porn industry for two year(I WILL STAND HERE AND WATCH YOU), besides my legal rep the last visitor tried to stab me with needles. I've informed multiple law firms and have ceased to provide me a safe legal circumstance to the people that think it is part of life to catch me and not actually participate in me with viable evidence. I was detained, tackled and handcuffed for stepping out the house for a coffee, the mental hospital that they forced upon me discarded my USB drive containing artwork, schematics and so. (held up to camera with timestamp) The house nurse my mother hired planted a knife in my room and I reported it to the police. The people I met, meet and see on the street treat me as I do not deserve a functional relationship and am only accepted as a pet or someone to be sold. the people that have attempted to be with me don't think i'm safe to hug, I don't have a chem addiction, I don't get rewarded for any changes in behavior, i'm only supported in an environment that perpetuates alcoholic behavior, I quit drinking in my early 20's. they toss me out the door if I take a moment to read and not write and id like to prepare a lawsuit around what can be proven. thanks. -k THEY TOLD ME I THOUGHT I WAS JESUS UNTIL I CONVOLSED, LOST MY MENTAL HEALTH AND STARTED VOMITTING BLOOD
Stop enabling people
the flipping havel dad reference at the beginning😭😭
Fun fact, while the kamehameha from Night and Flame was nerfed, the fire sweep seems to deal a lot of damage still, at least on my own experience. Maybe it's the trauma from seeing a cool-looking sword get absolutely shafted.
❤💜Friends, welcome to my channel!💜❤  Incoming calls, #SHORTS , screen recording of new and old models, reviews, ringtones! Beginner girl blogger, support with likes, I will be very grateful to you! New video every day♥🍎🍎🍎
at a buffet, i personally sneak corndogs into the buffet so others can enjoy them. i hide 6 corndogs in my jacket pockets. it then, is a joy for me to see other patrons of the establishment eat my corndogs thinking they were part of the buffet
anyone notice why is this on jacks scariest clips playlist??
Good start speed run for new character who want to collect wep for fast PVP.
Gotta watch out making these next week the little doppelganger wannabe yous aka "(be and")  "(press continue)" are gonna have similar videos by weeks end. Probably working on it as I type. Boy I hate ppl
um...why is this in Jack's scariest videos on the internet playlist?
The jokes only get better
So is the character supposed to look like Jetstream Sam from MGR? I ask because there wasn't a single MGR reference or music in the video.
Very well éditéd vidéo
Thanks for keeping the meme alive with that opening
Top 10 Of The World's Funniest One Liners!  1. I can handle pain until it hurts. 2. Never answer an anonymous letter.   3. The word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary.  4. Campers: Nature's way of feeding mosquitoes.  5. Life is too complicated in the morning. 6. As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.  7. Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!  8. If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. 9. Evolution: True science fiction.  10. Don't steal. The government hates competition.   Perhaps the world's most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.Visit needgod.com
I'm still running unpatched Hoarfrost for right now :)
BRASIL MENCIONADO
What do you MEAN let it grab you and kill you and get sent to Iron Keep, I’ve played this game for 120+ hours and still didn’t know about this shit I’m mad
The intro... ah, nostalgia :)
Hi ynfah! I am nearing end of Journey 1 and haven't patched yet, looking to set up something to use before i patch to 1.03. How does this compare to Rivers of Blood AoW spam for PVE? I'm deciding which to upgrade
I will never understand the nerf on the stomp tbh. Unlkess they nerf all you listed at the end of this video.
BASED TRANS MAN PROTAG IN THIS VIDEO YMFAH!
Dat gravity rush music doe. Hadn't heard it in *years*
Can't wait to see the Jojo adventure of this.
Saw the intro and subbed straight away 🤣🤣
9:25 He dies from the poison traps you set off on the way up. Poison and any damage-over-time effect is very handy for anything, really.
idk man sword of night and flame still feels pretty busted to me
Its been 25 days since war came to Ukraine. 🇺🇦 Every day civil people and children die under missile attacks. At the same time American companies like Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Citibank continue their operations in russia sponsoring the war and making money on the blood of innocent Ukrainians. Help us convince them to wind down any operations in Russia. Stop paying taxes and sponsor their army!  Speak up, contact your authorities, refer to your politicians, convince them to give Ukraine full military support and increase economic blockade for russia. Help Ukraine defend themselves.🇺🇦 #stoprussianwar
"How to be op and 2 shot Margit"
Man, I wanted to use this on my caster build because ghostflame stuff is really uncommon. Then I looked at the scaling and decided not to because it's not an int weapon. The int scaling is dogshit, it's a quality build weapon, so I decided to leave it. Now it's probably gonna get nerfed before I have a chance to make a proper build for it, RIP.
Im supposed to ignore everything and not die? Never played a dark soul game. This my first one 😅
L E T S G O
If you were to get the flail at the starting zone camp it takes less than 3 min to kill that big dragon if you walk into him while spinning it!!!
This is a +9 for special weapons, but how far in upgrades can you go with normal weapons before any bosses, let's say?
They should make everithing more dificult insted of nerfing
Stop telling people about fun weapons you shitter! (I'm kidding, keep it up you bastard.)
Gotta love the dedication. You are the man!
Huh, so the night cavalry always dies if you run away? Happened to me in my first run, thought he just fell off a cliff randomly.
M'lord
There is an alternate way to cheese the Nightrider for those who are having trouble getting him to instakill himself. Step 1: Climb the branch on the right of the bridge. Step 2: Get him to get himself stuck on the outside as you jump back onto the bridge. Step 3: Spam the everloving shit out of the Death Pokers version of hoarfrost stomp. Step 4: Win. This takes maybe 2 or 3 cerulean flasks however to do.
wait, hold the fuck up, did ymfah made a joke about brazil? being a brazilian myself... love it 10/10
Where'd you find that Stardust Crusaders remix i want it
Is this weapon any good on elden beast?
HE'S BACK
Gonna get more stuff nerfed cuz of vids like this.
Yeet
I wonder how many ways ymfah can break this game
awesome reference at the start there
what do i go statswise actually  ?
NOT your build ... so at least give credit to the creator ! OMG
Meh, I play the cracked version. No shitty updates ruining the game for me
U can cheese the godskin noble to get 50k souls too
01:45 ~ Wait, WHAT????? Are you actually Brazillian, Ymfah????
Awesome ideas, very well played and montaged. Great content
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." -John 3:16(bible) "the wages of sin is death"-Bible. Therefore God the judge has given man the death sentence due to man's sin, but because of God's mercy, he gave himself(god incarnate/jesus)to die on a cross for the sins of the world. That means he paid our fine and if we trust in him God can legally let us go guilt free in court/judgment day and have everlasting life with Him!  "Go and sin no more!"-Jesus <3
How is the performance against final boss? Any weapon +9 would be overpowered in early game.
Lol is that a god damn battlefield 2 soundtrack?
This guy is a legend
SEJA ENVIADO PARA O BRASIL KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
your videos are a light in a dark decade. the subtitles and editing are a treat, and i always finish your videos with a smorgasbord of song recs :') thank you! I hope you have the best ahead of you!
1:46 Brazil is far more dangerous than Caelid amigo
Ymfah greatest souls YouTuber hands down
How in the hell did you break the game twice in such little time. Dude, you need to keep quiet on some of this stuff, or the devs are gonna ruin everything by "balancing" your meme builds of doom.
1:45 as a Brazilian I can say that this is pretty accurate 10/10
never before have i seen a more prompt start. "Weeb, seed" just hits different.
Very nice!
As a note, you could get plus ten if you use four bellfrys to teleport to Farum early, also you can bait the knight to jump off the bridge (not sure if safer than poison cheese).
Friendship with Sword of Night and Flame ended, now Death’s Poker is my best friend!
The beautiful thing about this game is that there are SO many ways to cheese bosses, and this makes sense since you're a little human fighting gigantic monsters, of course you should use every dirty trick in the book lol.
"Seja enviado para o brazil" KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK   ymfah eu te amo
Return of the MF.
The homage to The Legend Never Dies brought a true tear to my eye 🥲
Seja enviado para o Brasil? 🤨
Seja enviado para o Brasil! kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk I'm actually brazilian
Never managed to do the cavalry cheese, he Just teleports back to the bridge
This really can be the easiest or hardest souls game depending on how you play it.
Balanced game.
back at it again
Death poke is very easy to get, just bait the bird into the abyss
Thank you for referencing the Giantdad Video from OnlyAfro.
BRAZILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
he did the text jazz thing!! he's so cool, he's so hot
Loved this, haha. Great edit too!
Still better to fight against in pvp than moonlight katana + sword of night and flame
9:27 ENEMY "FELLED"
For early souls you can also cheese the Black Blade Kindred by baiting out a specific backwards jump attack he does with his sword around the side of the bestial sanctum, although it’s pretty hard to pull off
Does your name stand for "your motherfucking anime hero"
Initiate phase 1. Power up the bass cannon. Fire.
Does anyone has a tip if we're caught in that Int/Faith Astrolboyloger's road, and we don't wanna reroll ? Sword of night and flame, or is there  a better alternative now ?
HES BACK WOLF MY BELOVED
Top 24 Anime Opening Fall 2018 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFiAEMxrq1s&ab_channel=KuroWolf
Tips for the Night Cavalry cheese. Try luring the dude while running in a zigzag motion till you get to the area with those 3 little guys waiting. Wait a bit there but dont look back. I think in theory the knight dies since the bridge didnt load since you werent looking at its direction
I should try this weapon sooner, now every copycat runs this, as in every other case youtubers say: Man this is overpowered use this so you dont need to think for yourself 😂
Well, try that with fire giant, see if it works.
i love the evangelion title screen that’s so fire
You can deal even more damage if you hit with the initial vortex thing
Nice throwback meme bro <3
If there was one thing that I could change about Elden Ring, it would be that OnlyAfro was making videos about it. Thanks for the top-notch reference.
Sending hugs and kisses! <3
10:01 Bloodhound Fangs? Do you mean Bloodhound's Fang (singular) or Bloodhound Claws (plural) ? They are just decent bleed weapons, but no special skill that would be OP.
Can i do this in new game plus?
6:09 one piece thme but elden ring style.
The song is bussing
Reduvia is another good one. 6 fp cost to spam like 600 damage projectiles each.
Should also get the Talisman from living pot guy in the ground. Increases weapon skill damage
Okay so now I know tht this guy made the game
THEY BEST NOT PATCH MY BABY THE BLASPHEMOUS BLADE
So the weapon art damage only scales off the weapon level? Or the stat scaling as well
Something important to note, you can get the somber stones in the volcano manor by having Rya take you there rather than the trap in the academy. Do the first part of her quest and grab the the dectus medallions (you already have to go through fort faroth to get the Soreseal) and go to fort Haight for the other one. Take the lift up and she's right there once you get off the lift. You can still access the somber stones just through a different route.
I made a video about 'Why Elden Ring is overrated Garbage' check this out
You can also do white mask varres quest line for a +10 pokey stick
GENERAL RADAHN SEVERELY WEAKENED AFTER THIS PATCH. I DON"T FEEL PROUD BEATING HIM IN THIS VERSIOn. FILTHY CASUALS.
I actually hope this weapon doesn’t get nerfed. I love it so much XD
0:14 Lost Judgment OST? Based!
1:46 Yes, we have a lot of yellow trees here and the sky turns yellow sometimes too
Why does your bow do so much damage? Got him half way then ran out of arrows
Love your content cutie. Ive been trying to work on a pacifist run but its taking me a lot of research. I know youll have one out before i can upload mine. God speed Ymfah, or however you say your name.
The weapon art wasn’t working for me? He would do the thing where he’s looking in his pockets for something but then nothing would happen  Edit: I have 11 int
if you can figure this one out and execute it, then i think you deserve to be overpowered.
0:30 i knew this video about this weapon would come
Ever since I saw the Cipher Pata has 0 equip load and that you can get it super early in the game I've got a feeling I know how the "No Equip Load Elden Ring" run is going to go and I can't wait
Wait so is the sword of night and flame not as powerful now ?
Wait is the night and flame weapon it as strong anymore ?
The reality we can't ignore;   1. When you die the real you( the spirit inside your body) either goes to Heaven or hell. 2. Who goes to hell? those who don't believe at Christ as the savior. e. Who goes to Heaven? Those who believe at Christ as the savior.   Realise that you deserve hell for your sins;  Romans 6:23 plainly states that the wages of sin is DEATH. In Genesis 2:17 God warned Adam and Eve that they would die THE DAY they ate of the forbidden fruit. They disobeyed God, but didn't DIE physically until hundreds of years later. Why? It's because they DIED SPIRITUALLY that awful day, and all mankind has been born spiritually dead since (Romans 5:12). Please understand that spiritual death and the second death are not the same. Every person who is not born again is ALREADY spiritually dead. The second death is Gehenna, i.e., the Lake of Fire (Revelation 20:11-15). All those who die in their sins, without being born again( that is believing that Jesus Christ got crucified and shed his blood for their sins, buried and rose again in the third day and alive now in heaven), will be arraigned, prosecuted, and sentenced at The Great White Throne of Judgment and then cast into the Lake of Fire forever.    Believing at Christ does not involve worship of other gods(church leader&ancestors), object(hand bands,car stickers,trees e.t.c) Muhammad,buddha e.t.c. It's only believing at Christ as the perfect sacrifice for your sins. It's your choice but know that rejecting Christ will send you the wrong direction.   Hebrews 10:4, 10  For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins. By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.   Any other form of sacrifice be it animal sacrifices it can't save you but we are only saved through the sacrifice of our Lord Jesus Christ.   No works can save you, there is no physical thing you can do to get saved but you are only saved through faith at what Jesus Christ did for you as simple as that.   Ephesians 2:8-9  For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.   In other words if you want to go to heaven after your death you must confess with your mouth and believe that Jesus Christ was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and was buried but risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now.   After believing at Christ as the savior you must change your ways and try to stay away from bad works or sins as hard as possible, you must show that you are a new individual in Christ. e.g stopping fornication, getting drunk, homosexual acts, masturbation, pornography e.t.c.   Romans 6:6  Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.   As a human you will still fall at some sins of course as no human is perfect, but you must not swim in sin you must try your best to fight against sins and live a righteous life.   Also grow in the word; I suggest the following YouTube channels; Real bible believers, Robert Breaker and Pastor J.D Farag..
I waited until yesterday to get the game, ILY
1:46 don't send people here anymore, there's already a lot of political op
1:46 yes indeed, venha para o Brasil porra
to walk fast through thick lava/swampy stuff, you can spam backstep and it'll act like quickstep
Thank you so much for including the list of songs; Black Pean's Theama is unreal!
Ymfah you are a saint and a genius
I think the all remembrances run is saved. The fucking run to the dragon and the cavalry chees is almost the same. Now we need some cheese for any%
Holy crap. XD
That intro gave me shivers…. the legend never dies
A true hero to the community...eff patch updates for already 'finished' games
Wish i had paid better attention. The Death's Poker is an INT based greatsword. Those flame-y bits made me expect it would be FAI because all the other fire-y effect things are FAI.
Thanks I'll do this one too now
1:46 That's it, my fellow brasileiros. Our people will soon flood this comment section (that is, if they haven't already), for we have found a brazilian reference, made by none other than our boi Ymfah
Jetstream Sam is that you??
dude the gold scarab (tailsman) for like 20% extra runes is not that far from the dragon
Glad I got to take advantage of this one before the next patch ;D
Exelent :') thx
nice for the other mentions. Moonveil is the best as spellsword, you only need to invest INT anymore.
so spread it with dex/int?
You are op and legend
Finalmente o brasil sendo mencionado em legenda em português🇧🇷  translating:  finally Brazil being mentioned in Portuguese subtitles
I’ll have to dry this tomorrow thanks ymfah
https://youtu.be/2aCsJMOPHbU stolen content
the night knight can fall off too just letting yall know
Elden ring patch 1.04: sponsored by ymfah
Are you Brazilian man???
Nice throwback in the beginning pour one out for those Havel moms and Giant dads. Miss you afro
I may buy this now
Everyone. Let’s salute sword of night and flames. It will be missed.  o7
I’ve been binging your content. Love this.
Now just waiting for "The Weiss Schnee Experience"; Can you beat Elden Ring with just Spirit Ashes?
The best part of this video is the fact you can skip the Godskin noble, seriously those guys suck.
well go down in flames in a week let it burn woohoooooo
TIL Patches wasn't totally lying.
Crap
The world has gone to scrap over scrap like this and maNy other violent scrap ruining kids minds!
Another thing I’d like to add is the jar talisman that you can get by killing Alexander just east of storm hill, West of D and the tibia mariner. It greatly increases weapon art damage.
what is the name of the song at 6:26?
Love your music dude, great video!
You can white mask quest after beating goddrick to get an ancient dragon sombering stone.
Best. Background. Music.
my guess for the Cavalry boss is he's forced to teleport back to his spot, which (maybe?) reduces his hp to little to none, and since the poison is still active on him, he dies
The death rite bird doesn't "usually sit still" it usually does attacks into the wall where it can't be hit
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" apareceu na tela e eu dei um pulo
Here is an efficient way of getting runes!    https://youtu.be/KeC9VY-8jr8
For the first time ever I already knew about this, minus the deathbird cheese, guess i need to step outside
I’ve watched the video 2 or 3 times and still can’t find where you got a +5 somber from, can someone give me a hand lol  Edit: nvm I’m just blind found it
so you said Brazil 😎
Is this weapon better than Rivers of blood ?
Black Night cheese I did by accident once lol
Muchas gracias por existir ymfah, te quiero mucho. besitos nycakc mucakc muack smosh mucal
I don't think cool unique somber weapons should be nerfed to poopoo just because you can use community knowledge to get the weapons early on. If they nerf everything to the point it's not worth going for, then they might as well not even be in the game. A part of what makes them worthwhile is because they aren't trash and better than generic weapons. Nerfs make for a less fun experience in my opinion as it takes away things that are cool from the game. As there is nothing cool about a flashy ability that sucks, lol.
They better not patch this or they’ll take the fun straight out of the game.
Gotta love the nge reference
KEK  FromSoft is powerless against this megabased madlad
Babe wake up a new game breaking ymfah video is posted
easier than spamming arrows and flasks is to just run around on horseback and bait it into the tree root near the cliff, where the deathbird will jump attack and die instantly.
Ugly Ass Poker... i would stick to my Katana of Honor🗡  and my nearly Useless yet beautiful Sword of N&F  FuckYou Fromsoft
THIS IS NOT A DRILL YMFAH USED UNWAVERING BELIEF
you kow that videos like this are invitations for FROMTROLLS to keep on ruining the fun for Us hey?  fuck them for Ruining Most of heater shield they do it out off complete spite     miss how my beautiful Sword of Night & flame used to shine
imo I'd recommend using the serpent arrows for the death bird for more consistent damage. The way to buy them is at merchant, at the very end of the dragonbarrow.
love the edit!
Jetstream Ymfah
That opening made me cry tears of nostalgia  Where's OnlyAfro at tho
damn that lost judgment ost at the start, loved that game
1:46 seja enviado para o brasil ahdhahdhadhshdh
Basic rule of thumb: if Ymfah creates a video about any game, there's a ridiculous chance that the game is broken in a entertaining way.
Anyone got tips ok the last jump. Can’t get it to land. Anyone?  Bueller?
The beginning edit OP
SEJA ENVIADO PARA O BRASIL FOI FODA KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
now i have to roll a new character
Dear Ymfah, i love and i hate you at the same time. Because of you i might find some invaders who will use this stuff against me.
HOLY SHIT HE RIGHTED IN PORTUGUESE??? YEEESSS AE PORRA AAAAA BR FOREVER VAMO LAAAAA VENHAM PRO BRASILLLLLL
Twinks single handedly got FromSoft to re-work their entire design philosophy with newer games. Y'all really bullied people in the Undead Parish with a +15 weapon so far that they made sure it would never happen again, lmao.
A way to save time on the fat dragon early game, start as class with at least 13 dex, get the soreseal right next to dragon for +5dex, and go to the dragons back left foot with the flail and only blue estus, and weapon art away. Much faster than swinging.
Can I do this with stats V 23  M 10 E 23 S 29 D 20 I 11 F 9 A 7  I CAN UPGRSDE SOME STATS BUT IM WONDERING IF MY STATS ARE ALREADY RUINED
brasil mentioned. Obrigado bro
Wow what a well made video.  Entertaining too 😂
Cannot wait for the next installment of ymfah's How To Break Elden Ring: Patch 1.04 edition
Seja enviado para o Brasil, as brazilian i love it heheheheh
This came out suspiciously fast.
Commenting for algorithm
He did it again, one more time
If they patch this weapon i would rather them make its stat requirements higher than nerf its damage
"With that meager flame"  Margit is salty. That flame 2 shot you bro.
Rivers of blood is probably more likely to get patched than this weapon is, in the end the real overpowered thing is how easy it is to get somber stones if you know where they are and how much weapon level matters compared to scaling.
I suspect the cavalry knight dies from fall damage due to his teleport not being coded properly.
I'm waiting till I get the notification of elden ring 0 equipload
I bet, even in the event that Death Poker gets nerfed next, Ymfah will just find something ELSE to destroy the early game's balance with. He's simply too powerful.
Fromsoft waiting for ymfah to release another video on elden ring so they can see what to nerf
''Seja enviado para o Brasil''       fuck
Nah I'm sticking with my previous cheese sword. It's still good enough and I will become full fledged sorceror most likely anyway so it's fine.
you can also go clap the blood lords cheeks
The world could always use more Moonveil users
You should have used itachi amaterasu sound man how did you missed that oppurtunity
evey time i hear the sax i know this is gonna be a good video
Think you can do stranger of paradise, king?
welcome to Brazil
ymfah really be out here telling From what to nerf next so when he starts doing challenge runs he doesn't have too easy of a time.
The only real problem I've encountered with the Death Poker is that sometimes the L2 + R1 won't create a deathflame trail
Found the best place for the club, fortified mansion, first floor on Lyndell, it's where the round table was but you can place marks there
seja enviado para o brasil
oh god the madman did it again!!  now i cant wait for How to Pacifist video XD
Upssss
Hi I hope it’s just because I’m stupid or blind but where is the sombering +5? I didn’t see you pick it up
1:48 - Brasilsilsil 💚💛💚💛
Hey ymfah, dunno if you get to read this but my idea of the night cavalry dying is that if you lure him to far he teleports back to the bridge, but you're so far from the bridge that it doesn't render, and he falls.   Btw, you can kill the soul farm dragon at night and use the gold foot right after, then immediatly ride to the knight boss manually with the buff still persisting and cheese him that way to again get extra cash :)   Cheers Mate !
Finally found out why things have been so much harder recently :/
Flashback on Bloodborne OP early 3 times.
That music in the beginning had me thinking that we were going to witness the return of The Legend in Elden Ring.
Thank you so much for reminding me of @onlyafro <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyA8odjCzZ4
Sl1?
Praise the sun, I'd been using night and fire till the draconic tree sentinel smashing every boss persevering without realising it was nerfed.
1:48 bem vindo ao brasil
What's the music at 4:54?
....bloodhound fang*s*? I'm guess that's a typo? Or is there more than one? I'd love to powerstance the fang.
Welp they are going to patch this huh?
Soul level 1 only vid when?
THE LEGEND NEVER DIES
1:47 kkkkkkk boa
You can get +10 if you cheese killing gurranq in the bestial sanctum
I see that onlyafro referrence.
e esses easter eggs do brasil ai KKKKKKK
Bruh😤
Love the JoJo 😘
Thank you, I found the Night and Flame sword 2nd day of released and enjoyed it, but felt like a bandwagoner once the vids about it came out, I like seeing that there are other weapons that can be just as good, Elden ring is a really good example of “just build what you want” sure there are really strong attacks but just about everything works in its own way. Currently doing a bow build with the Black bow, Jar cannon and Pulley Crossbow and having quiet the literal blast with it
now how long before they get rid of this fun too
Delete this before my brother sees and uses it against me
i know you rarely use your voice, but your editing speak for itself
For the deathbird fight you can also stand right next to the edge of the cliff and the bird will fall to its death after doing a 180° sweep around you
I literally fought your character, with the exact same face, as a summon of the great jar in Caelid this afternoon. Like WTF !
Yup. No videos. Found this thing and destroyed the game.  Got a second one. It’s on.  Black Knife is another fave.
Fuck, was using this weapon but ymfah spilled the beans, its also insane in PvP btw, the L2 R2 does cracked damage, great vs ganks
Everybody forgets another easily-obtainable somber weapon: Family Heads. Necromancer Garris is a fairly easy boss and the weapon he drops has low stat requirements, just a bit of INT
The more videos like this out there the higher the chance there’ll be a nerf to this
Holy shit, i knew I was going to love this when I heard Kuwana's theme from Lost Judgement
And then the people doing this will mock those that wanted an easy mode.
10:03 hey you found the notes for next patch
this def gettin patched but hey gonna have fun for now
YO this weapon is the new hottness thx for the guide i just droped a dragon EZ with the black flame. its busted i love it and thank you for build it has been fun rolling bosses
I know Ymfah does this for fun and entertainment but I am not looking forward to every invader and their mother twinking it up with this for the next week
Your content is gonna be insane with all the crazy things in this game and I'm so looking forward to it
Can't wait the "How to be Overpowered Early in Elden Ring 1.04+" Even tho the "How to be Overpowered Early in Elden Ring 1.05+" is very good, i'll still prefer the "How to be Overpowered Early in Elden Ring 1.06+"
Always look forward to your videos my dude, much respect ✌️
My theory on Night Knight dying there, when an enemy gets to far from their starting location they get teleported back to their original spawn. Normally if you're not looking at them they unload entirely, but the poison damage keeps him spawned in. So when he gets teleported back the bridge isn't loaded, and he falls to his death.
Doesn't that take the fun out of the game?  I am enjoying the challenge of making by the skin of my teeth.  I think I will beat the game first and then on my new game + I might give this a go.  I am glad they kept this in the game.  Some folks love going in and wrecking the place up without using cheat codes.  This is by design.  Unlike some games, they will remove the fun factor for lots of people.  Which is lame.   If someone wants to OP their character and ruin their first time playing the game.  That is up to them.  Which doesn't ruin the game for them.  Only from my point of view.
Pls make detailed guide on how 2 beat the ultimate boss of elden ring: Lord Efpeeass, Ruler of "my computer running it at 15 fps on lowest settings"
that is obscene sir, well done
excellent choice in music
the "seja enviado para o Brasil" really caught me off guard
How well does this build do in pvp?
I bet this gets patched next. If so please make a video on moonveil. I’m tired of seeing it in literally every invasion past level 75
Meanwhile me: >finds dectus grand lift at level 12 because i fucked around and nobody found out<
That intro is killing me 😂
Man its such a shame this shits going to get instantly nerfed when its the only way to play new game ++ rven then it barley BARLEY hits for 2000 to the grey jirens i farm
I always knew the gold foot was missing front the first run! Although I gained mine from patches and forgot there was one available right there
WE ALL KNOW U ARE THE LEGEND27
just like & comment to support my dude ymfah   can’t wait for new skyrim video. good job as always, mate ❤️
Gravity Rush music  are back
Well that was a good video, the build is impressive but it also served to teach me about the sorseal, area below the tower and remind me I need to actually beat Volcano Manor and not just the boss lol
Music pls?
Well, the truth is everything is fine but the blacksmith stone for +10 is more complicated
Praise the Jojo theme
Hahahaha that intro was a great callback to the flipping havels and giant dad
Editing is dope mam, like even before reaching the end
I'm more upset that they nerfed flame and night as soon as I got to rot lady and big lord rather than them doing it. They could have let me beat the game first.  Wth.
Man the music from gravity rush hits me hard.
This weapon is good but for later bosses you gotta time your attacks very very precise because some bosses like Godfrey will hit you 5 times before you can use it
thx for video dude
Commenting to help keep my Boi on trending
the giantdad call back has me in tears
I can't wait for all these somber weapons to get nerfed so the true MVP stands tall: The Giant Crusher. Go big or go home.
we getting a bunch of high quality videos bois
Adorei a referência, ymfah.
jetstream sam
GiantDad in Elden Ring when?
"Most of the time he'll stand still"... bro im unlucky as f...
1:47 como brasileiro, eu concordo, confirmo e ratifico
Did you challenged kuwana in elden ring or what
Thx for uploading 24 episode of cowboy bebop)
Here before this becomes irrelivent in two days with 1.06
I love you sir.
ALERTA BRASIL REFERENCE BRASIL REFERENCE
I found the +9 somber stone location quite early on but I didn't realize that there was a path down, I slid down the branches next to the tower. Took a couple attempts but I was so happy I managed to do it.  Then I turned around and my heart sank as I saw the slope your meant to go down.
Hope they don’t nerf it lol imagine being able to put your own don’t stand in fire on the ground
Who else can’t wait for the pacifist run?
Bro is  MHA fan, that music is ALL MIGHT VS NOMU INSTRAMENTAL
… We’re gonna get one of those per week, aren’t we? XD
Seja enviado para o Brasil got me nicely. I'm a brazilian myself, you see!
He looks like Jet Stream Sam
The HE'S BACK reference at the start was a thing of pure beauty.
Madlad
Hehe "oops I did it again"
I Hope the weapon doesn't get nerfed i like it a lot
"Special thanks to:" *unreadable blur*
"Meager flame" LOL Dude.
Seems pretty good. Can also get up to +9 somber stones in Judy Limgrave and Cal before ever going to Liurnia.
Ngl I was thinking this was gonna be a Zweihander + Flame of Redmanes video from that intro
Yes...now everyone knows the power of Death's Poker. Love how it's just a giant cane and I love the skill
god mode
"Seja enviado ao Brasil" Brazil Supremacy
Yeah, you could do all that, or you could just pick astrologer
Thank you maybe now I can apply the patch to my game.
tbh rushing to mines when first enter a new area already makes you op enough
What's a "weapon art"? That doesn't exist.
Hey, are you Brazillian ??
legend
How would you level up using that thing ? Scaling at +10 is D for Int, C for Str and B for Dex.
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" *character death scream* My brain bugged switching from english to portuguese and I actually had to look at it again, lol.
When I saw the poker, I for like two seconds thought you made it all the way to the mountain of giants and was like 'wait what'
It's too late now, it's inevitable. Production is already in motion.  Elden Ring. Bow, sorcery, incantation only Soul lvl 1 0 carry weight Elden Ring in as few bosses as possible. And many more.
I’ll just download hacks and make all u nerds cry
You make the most easily digestible and well edited Souls content on YouTube and I appreciate dat shit
Waiting for the poker nerf next week. Lmao.
Cavalry Cheese Reason: He and the bridge area are loaded in when you enter and he teleports to his spawn marker if you go too far, if you lure him to the next area, he will teleport to his original marker and fall down from the now unloaded bridge.
The first few seconds and I already thought it would be the "He's back" giant dad video like the one from afro 9 years ago...ah nostalgia
and there goes Chaddus Laddus, on his way to break games and hearts again go you glorious big chinned bastard
Watch this get patched tomorrow
Oh cool, I get another sneak peek at the next weapons Fromsoft will nerf
Respect for that specific jojo ost track lol
What a fantastic opener; fuck those Havel Moms lmao
But does it have 2 black flames?
Don't forget the morgoth bloodlord boss fight glitch
Do faith only with the cipher pata!!!
10 bucks fromsoft nerfs this next lol
KKKJKKJJKKJHKKJK
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" finaly we Brazilians can rest in peace
Is that a Gundam Iron Blooded Orphans song?
10:02 How to get Rivers of Blood earlier in the game? Is there some crazy way to get it or just progress the game?
do lvl1 malenia parry only video
lmao that intro
cant w8 for everyone o start useing this and for it to get nerfed as well :<
Wait, the Dragonbarrow is Brazil? Everything makes sense now!
IT WILL BE BLOOD---SHED
i should have learned how to use the weapon before fighting margit
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" meteu essa? KKKKKKKKKKKKK
Teeny tiny useless optimization tip here you probably already know lol, that gold pickled fowl foot, you can get to it faster by going to that first Site of Grace, turn around and go around the right of the building you come out of at the start of the game, there's a jumpy thing there you can use to jump off the cliff and almost land right on top of it, instead of having to go down and across the coast c:
1:46 This is better than Brazil.
I can’t wait for the OP at level 1 video, it’ll be a ride.
also unpatched:  bloodflame blade + Fire's deadly sin. bleed enemies by standing next to them.
Testing +10 weapons in Limgrave? LMAO. That weapon falls off hard Lyendell and beyond.
This is so crazy, I love it! I'll personally never use it since I can't stand OP builds, but I'll definitely recommend this to a few friends in case they wanna try! Thanks for sharing!
FromSoftware's boardroom, "That son of a gun did it again! Time for a new patch people."
Fucking love you ymfah
It’s ok…
Yo, if you found a way to get Rivers of Blood early, we need to know about this
How to get OP "EARLY"... 5 minutes later : Enters Mt. Gelmir
I love that your 10 steps ahead of fromsofts patch updates lol they will patch this nutty business and I fully expect you to have a 1.4 video out before the week is done lol
And now to wait in fear of the coming "How to be overpowered early in 1.04" where Ymfah breaks the game with powerstance bleed spears.
there's a weapon alot of people are sleeping on called the wing of astel, its special is incredibly powerfull and simple to use, you do need to be in range, but its still a strong contender.
that giant dad ref at the beginning, gold
Noooooo don’t use my weapons
Poison arrows speed the process up with the bird.
No matter how hard FromSoftware tries, ymfah will always find a way to make their games bow to his indestructible determination, and please his subs.
I love the Souls community so much. Thanks for breaking the game (again), dude.
Aaaah, Douse Shinundakara (1:08) the best Ymfah's theme song...
you mention at the end other somber weapons in case this one gets patched, and show the rivers of blood,,  but how would you get it so early? that requires being invaded at the mountaintop of giants, which you can’t get to unless you kill two story bosses + morgott the fell omen. is there a way to get it early?
One of the few flying enemies in the game with wings - beat by high ground and a bow.
please for the love of god, do a consumables only run
I love that you include a list of music used.
when pacifist walkthrough?
I've tried the Night Cavarly cheese before but it never worked for me, he just reappears on the bridge after every try.  Ended up cheesing him with Serpent arrows and shooting him on top of the bridge's fence.
I love the cheese caption at the bottom great touch
Margit calling the Tarnished “of passing strength” after getting his health deleted in 0.2 seconds for the 789th time.
Fuck the reference to the Giant Dad video got me, great video
Omg yes scareseal. Prisoners chains was GOAT. The volacano travel is so funny too because the game tells you to do it via patches and its fucking crazy first time shit was too real. Also fuck that birdboss.
Well that Great Dragon 100% will not die by just hacking him to death. WTF am I doing wrong?
The title screen alone shows you are a true man of culture.
In 1.03 if you go to Liurnia through the hidden path and light the grace Irina will die and her quest will skip to Hyetta. No idea if her dad still invades you later or if the skip impacts Hyettas Chaos Lord quest. Also considering that the invader Vyke who drops the spear often bugs out you might increase the chance of him bugging out even more if you skip to Liurnia early. Previously Irina was still alive when you ventured into Liurnia early. Game is buggy so be aware you might lock yourself out of items and screw yourself over.
What a hero
I can see the next nerf coming now.
Love the only afro reference 👌
great throwback to the OG giant dad video
I will miss you night and flame
1:45 BRASIL MENTIONED!!!!
oh man now people know welp time to find a new weapon
Memories broken, the truth goes unspoken I've even forgotten my name I don't know the season or what is the reason I'm standing here holding my blade
Oh damn I remember trying to work out that jump sequence at 7:54 and I didn't think the last one was possible. Really cool to see I was wrong about that.
KKK Dale Brasil <3 love u ymfah
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" 10/10
You sir deserve a beer
were you putting up just good weapons or is there a way to get onto the mountain early so you can get it?
"Be sent to Brazil"  Aa a fellow brazilian myself, I totally agree with this part
dat intro tho Good times.
im glad more people are noticing this weapon, tbh i find it’s WA a lot more fun to use than NaF
My weapon only does like 80 dmg and I’m lvl 28 how do I get a better onw
a video worthy of the my favorite epic closing music
I mean sword of night and flame is still really good it's just not as busted.
Sick !!! im trying now
@ymfah If you're confident enough in fighting cleanrot knights; you can make a pit stop in the abandoned cave for the gold scarab (+20% souls) before the dragon (Astro with meteor & rock sling murder them, wolves are good at distraction) I do this at level 8 and its free every time
SHOW ME A GOOD TIME JACK
Turkish being the only subtitles
With this, you can really substitute the Death's  poker for any somber stone weapon you can find early game, though they may not be as powerful and may take some more effort to get. Grafted Greatsword, Reduvia, and Winged Scythe  can be gotten pretty easily off the top of my head.
Know it's not on the list, but the Dragon Communion Seal is a godly Somber Smithing Stone tool to crank up to +9/+10 early S Arcane scaling and it makes your Dragon Communion incantations hit harder. For PvE, this means you'll shred bosses with your breaths. Killing the big dragon at the start gives you 5 Dragon Hearts, so you can immediately play the build from that point.  The Dragon Communion Seal is in the starting area, past the Gargoyles that require the stone key thingys.
https://youtu.be/_BbgykUNkpY
Everyone going on about how good the Death Poker is I hope they don't nerf it😔
Obrigado pelo carinho conosco!
The magic doesn't work for me? Its just the normal death hook, and I  dont know what I did wrong? @ymfah what did it do?
1:46 glad to see we are getting more people :)
Finally, you're back
I feel like doing the Radhan skip (even easier fight now if it wasn't a joke with rot already) Opening up the whole underground and the 3 invasion to the blood place guy is a much better start than this.  you can farm the bird until you have the stats for the Radhan swords and then just farm the guys super efficiently.
Cant wait for patch 1.04 and next guide to break the game
An easier way to upgrade would be to give ball bearings to the twin witches to get somber smithing stones
Godskin noble ai break would allow for a closer grace spot after grabbing the +7 along with quick runes.
see a Brazil reference on a ymfah's video is something that I wasn't expecting. much love from Brazil!
I love that there are so many ways to break this game, brings me back to ds1 when you'd get the dragon greatsword early and destroy everything
My first playthrou had 120 hrs and just realized how much I missed at valcano manor I did the back side and forgot about this side lol
Thanks to represent Brazil as well
Bless the callback intro for the Giantdad video
Shoutout to that only afro intro
Mmm, now this is impressive
Miyazaki: *currently watching the video and taking notes*
Used to go for icerind hatchet on new playthroughs, but after patch it just feels pretty dooky. Now i have a new cheese weapon. Thank you for showing me this beauty😈
8:13 Wait isn’t there a grace point right across the bridge? Also at 9:27 I believe he dies because he teleports back to the bridge because he got lured too far but the bridge isn’t loaded anymore because you’re too far, so he falls to his death. I can’t get it to happen in mine, might be based on the system.
Miazaki pls don't nerf
This was great, but if there is no power wolf for the sl1 run, I WILL cry
"Seja enviado pro Brasil" God fucking damnit that got me
If you jump back down to the bridge from where you grab the +7 somber stone I think you can just walk to the grace that's in the chapel behind there can't you?
How well does this with with the gank boss of castle sol, aka commander niall? Since this is a frostbite weapon and he is weak to it.
they gonna nerf this shit but this is gonna be fun messing around with :))
NOOOOO WHY DID YOU UPLOAD THIS? NOW THEY'LL START NERFING IT TOO!
You can also kill Jar Knight Alexander for Warrior Jar Shard for 10% extra skill damage...     oh who am I kidding noone's going to kill jarbro for talisman. Besides he gives better version of the talisman at the end of his questline
If you don't feel like shooting arrows at the deathbird, the recent patch buffed holy water pots, which you get from the merchant in mistwood, to do absurd amounts of damage to the deathbirds even with low faith.
sucks that theres no point in doing this it will just get patched lol
Brasil!!
Somehow.. 99 arrows dont even get my bird too 40%. And i aint missing alot of the shots.  41 vig 15 end 17 str 19 dex 11 int. All others 10.  Damage output is 60-90 not 127 like this vid. Any tips?!
BRASILSILSILSIL🥳🥳🥳🥳🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
*FromSoftware liked this video*
That was fundoo!! Get it?! All that cheese 🧀
i like this video (algorithm was here)
So will it be patched because you knew how to get stuff faster than "intended" or because they don't like people skipping the tree sentinel and coming back OP for some angry revenge?
VAI BRASILLLLLL
Your videos give me so many endorphins, I just love watching these :D
Your videos are so inspiring. The skyrim without walking guy is unironically my role model
finally
HIS BACK IN BLACK
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" LMFAO
man, hearing Douse Shinundakra at the beginning sent me into a wave of nostalgia for some of your older content, I feel like it's been a while since you used the song in of your videos
ymfah fluent in portuguese
Thanks ymfah for the new spicy hoarfrost stomp!
Assuming the intro music was a reference to Afro’s video, it’s crazy how much he influenced souls content
Inb4 the ER team are all big fans of ymfah and every video ends up doing the next best item until the game is fair
please don't include katanas in any of your videos.... they'll nuke them all.. you'll just make more videos with other weapons.. but I love my katanas... please leave them alone 🙏😔
Thank you!
Uh shit here we go again…
1:47 Finalmente posso descansar
bless you ymfah, but I cannot watch this for risk of spoilers. here's a comment for the algorithm and godspeed.
Congrats you found the weapon that 1000 youtubers are already talking about.
You can get +10 as early as rose church, but it takes 3 invasions followed by a trip to a church
Looks like if Samuel Rodriguez stole Mitsurugi’s armor and decided to fight like Miyamoto Musashi. The ultimate weeb.
Eu vi esse seja enviado para o Brasil em
It is honestly unbelievable to me that FromSoft is still THIS bad at balancing their Dark Souls games. Thank god for ymfah
This whole time I thought patches was fucking with me about the iron virgin. What the fuck?
Ymfah is from soft’s greatest threat, they can’t stop him.
Waiting for the level 1 playthrough
Kinda hope they don't keep nerfing gear honestly, especially considering in an open world game, where you can sequence break the whole start of the game, of course a later game item is going to be overpowered in early game areas.
OH shit... Here we go again!!
0:48 Is that eva font?
Porta errada amigo, não terá mais volta.
Thanks now they going to nerf that weapon 😭
I love how the game just came out and ymfah already breaking it lol
Well guess I will wait to play my pvp character for a bit i could deal with the sword of night and flame that weapon however does not look fun to face hopefully not long till 1.4.
I love the Neon Genesis Evangelion reference
as usual the virgin can you vs the chad how to I saw another video earlier today that was like "just go fight deathbird, it's easy!" like bruh. No mention or demonstration of the cheese you pulled off here
Legends never die 🔥
Even if it gets patched I'm still going for it because *holy crap* does that look *cool*
ELDEN RING YOU CAN (NOT) REDO
This thing is also busted in PvP. You seem to get a lot of hyperarmor with the weapon art, and I think it also works with the winged sword insignia.
I tried to include this in my speedrun route but sadly this weapon sucks against the last boss ...
How are you doing the bridge knight skip mine keeps resetting. I didn't have this problem before the patch
The reason the Night Cavalary dies is because it too will get poisoned by the flowers and when you go far enough away, it will despawn. Now the thing is, when bosses that can respawn do so, their hp will be set to zero then return back to what it was. However, because it was at zero but still poisoned, the poison kills it before it has a chance to regain that health
Need these facial sliders.
I expected this video but i didn't expect it this soon
Why do I have a feeling we are gonna get one video per patch, just to rub it in.
Might as well do the Godskin Noble AI freeze and buy the three gold foots from Patches.
The cavalry knight poison thing still works? I tried it and he doesnt die, I had to make him jump off and die.
Iconic intro, mucho respecto
Ah man hearing his voice, makes me miss filthy frank. Also great video, I always love the effort and humor you are willing to put into this, it just shows how talented you are.
ymfah: 'Makes a video' Fromsoft: "Write that down WRITE THAT DOWN!"
Seja enviado para o Brasil kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk essa foi de fuder
Гениально
I never realized how good ER is with a jazzy soundtrack.
I just found the poker and it's fire
Iloveyou
Will this take you through the whole game?
Uma referência ao Brasil ? XD ueueueue
You could technically even get +10 by doing the Farum azula glitch and grabbing the stone behind the dragon
Seja enviado para o Brasil!
Amazing vid bro
I think I figured out why the Night's Cavalry dies when you kite it away from the bridge. It warps back to the bridge when you're far enough from it, but if it's in certain spots when it warps back, it looks like it accidentally warps back through the bridge and falls to its death.
Here before the nerf
My man ain't got no chill after the patch, released a how to be op early video right on the spot
Eventually, when we're in patch 1.69, all ashes of war are gonna be trash again, like in DS3, and we'll be back to R1 spam, just because fun isn't allowed for some reason.
my goodness, i did the exact same run last night. does it mean i exploit te game? I thought  it was meant to be played that way. good video as usual keepit up!!
The community: I can't believe From Soft nerfed the Sword of N&F. At least we have this, right?  From Soft: Hold my beer...
Doable with a Samurai, excellent  now I wait for you to find a way to get to the Giants Mountains before getting into Leyndell
Nice Giantdad reference in the opening
he back. he do it again. devs ask y he do? he just do. it him.
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" hahahahahhaha sad but true
You could wrong warp to crumbling farum azula using the 4 great belfry teleporters to teleport to the teaser area, teleport to roundtable, quit the game after the first chunk in the bar is loaded, load back in and it'll spawn you at the beginning of the area for real. Then you have access to +10 upgrade materials. You can do this straight from the beginning of the game, so no need to kill godrick for +10 mats.
Its back
that intro was a freaking throwback
Yo you messed me brain with the portuguese at 1:47
You could take this even further. There is an Ancient Dragon Somber Smithing Stone right before Mohg, so just do Varre's quest to reach it
3 hours after this video came out and four of my last twelve invasions and either the host or a phantom had this weapon. The good news is the weapon art is terrible for pvp and one well aimed bloodhound step result in a backstab. Good video.
you can get an ancient sombre dragon stone (+10) from varre's quest really early too, if you wanna add that.
Eu amo seus vídeos
Welp, good while it lasts another 0.03 updates
great video
This looks like eldeen ring is to easy on late game
Just gotta keep hoping for a Malenia Cheese soon lmao.
"Down and Down" HE SAID THE THING!!
Ясно... Опять поломал?!
it's 2022 but it might as well be 2013
At 8:12 intead of kys you can ai break godskin noble and get 50k and a grace to rest
.
But- but it's already broken. THE F#CKING ELDEN RING IS ALREADY BROKEN
Question: Why skip Godskin, when you can do the Godskin cheese and get all of those runes as well?
This is such a awful weapon lol, blood destroy so much quicker
St trina sword is worth a try its ability puts almost anything asleep
FUCK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MOOOOORREEE YMFAH DO MOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Finally Ymfah came to Brazil
Always a pleasure!
1:46 "seja enviado ao brasil" as a brazilian i can confirm that brazil is just like that! PLEASE COME TO BRAZIL YMFAH KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
That opening made me feel things Dex players only feel
Casuls: “elden ring is hard af” Veterans: “there are estus refilling stations called scarabs & a 30 min 50k rune drop from big dragon”
Seja enviado para o Brasil
Seja enviado para o Brasil 🇧🇷
@8:10 You can enter the clubhouse just after skipping godskin to re-enable fast travel lmao
My cat liked this vid
Isn't Night and Flame still pretty OP? At 45/45 it deals around 2k to Melenia and knocks her on her ass
Ye bois another vid! LETS GOO!
it doesnt really matter, but my best guess as to why the Cavalry Cheese works is probably that he gets far enough away from his spawn that he disappears and heads back to spawn, but since he's poisoned, it likely hits him with all the damage at once that he would have otherwise taken overtime. not sure if that makes sense, or if it's true but that's my guess. still quite interesting
Hey guys, how much Endurance do I need in order to fast roll with heavy equipment?
back stepping is the fastest way to get thru lava btw  not counting weapon arts
THANK YOU YMFAH
The throwback to OnlyAfro's giantdad was well done, brings back good memories 👌
How did you even find this song lol
wait the black night rider in dragonbarrow cheese still works? I've been trying to get it to work for so long but he just teleports on to the bridge like normal
Sword of Night and Flame, Moonveil, and now this Death's Poker - the weapons that have a stance with two attacks as their unique skill seem to all be amazing.
hypothetical way to rykard: - skip every boss until liurnia - do rya's quest. somehow get 1000 gold or commit murder - find the invisible wall in the manor and progress until godskin - do the ai freeze glitch (speedrunning strat) and kill him - rush to the boss room - perma stun rykard - profit
I was running a different version of this setup mostly the same. The one big thing you missed is after you get somber 7 you can run into the doorway opposite of the stone and you will end up in the volcano manor so you can come back easy or join them to get the invasion finger right away.
The jump at volcano manor for the somber 7 is driving me nuts 😆
I love your videos, but I swear someone at From is subscribed to you and will have this nerfed in 1.04. Ymfah vs every concurrent patch ever just showing the same route with finding a different weapon
Seja enviado para o  Brasil kkkkk
só os brasileiros podem zoar com o Brasil, mas por você eu abro uma excesão
Speaking of which, does afro stream still?
Why carry the torch?
anyone know the song at the start?
como assim seja enviado para o Brasil? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
As of rn, I’m going into NG+ and guess what I’m gonna be maining for my boss kills 🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴       Super chad of night and flame. And Azur LMAO
curious question, can you poison the deathrite bird?
YouTube compression did not do that intro song any favors
Just an unrelated question, you still using the exploit to claim your own vid in order to get full revenue?
사 랑 해 요
Already had deathbird thing upgraded because it was neat, turns out it's pretty good, huh?  Sadly I've become a Moonveil-spammer now
This seems way more interesting than sword of nightflame. Was so boring tbh.  I mean, this is literally as simple as press funny button but I still respect it 10x more
Seja enviado para o Brasil hahahaha
one of the things i love about Elden Ring compared to Dark Souls is the player's interaction with lava  Dark Souls: OH SHIT SHIT SHIT FUCK SHIT FUCK I'M DY-!   *You Died*      Elden Ring: ouch, that's a slight inconvenience sir
Gravity rush OST POGGERS!
Just got this sword yesterday. My Rivers of Blood is pretty damn good, but might have to try this out. Also for some reason Somber (9) seems harder to get than ancient, there are both (9) and ancient somber right inside the Haligtree, you don’t have to fight Loretta, the ancient is out in the open, and the (9) is in a little hut right next to the bonfire before Loretta.
Pacifist Elden Ring?
Tear of nostalgy from the beginning. ♥
I knew it would be good because in the first 30 seconds you got that Lost Judgement Ost playing, I'm crying
did you confirm in 1.03 that the knights cavalry dude still dies via the poison traps?  Done the run a few times and he just takes some poison damage...possibly i need to lead him further up the hill.
russian subtitrs
What a terrible video. So vague
Damn, this game looks good on anything above the lowest settings
youre crazy ymfah
"I don't know how he dies.."   You're leading him thru poison traps, how do you not realize that
At the volcano manor, you can actually cheese the Godskin noble in the church. After you get in and the noble spawns, quit out. Once you get back in, you'll be outside of the fog gate. slowly move towards the gate until you see the prompt to traverse the gate (you need to be as far away from the fogate as possible), get in, move left and/or up and you'll be in. The noble will be there but won't move/attack. Free 50k runes and a grace.
Gonna test this build before get nerfed in the next patch
ymfah i dont think you understand. i need your videos to release dopamine. do more or else.
+8 and +9 can be easily gotten from scarabs and both are on the way of the running you have to do anyway for the route, that'd make this a bit faster to complete. I'd also recommend grabbing the other medallion half and going through altus and up Mt Gelmir to get +5, +6, and +7 via the normal entrance to Volcano Manor; doing that means you can just fast travel out normally and don't have to worry about getting grabbed by the abductor to get there, as well as giving you a ton of good sites of grace and 5 extra golden seeds.
for me the beast its not there. Someone explain me plz
I followed your first guide and managed to beat the first three bosses. I love your videos.
NOT AGAIN, DAMMIT
1:47  ''SEJA ENVIADO PARA O BRASIL'' MUITO BOM KKKKKKK
"i have no idea why he dies" LMFAO
v1.04 "and another one"
So what your saying is the stick is mightier than the sword
Bom saber que o meu país é essencial pra ficar OP nesse jogo
At 8:00 the nearest bonfire would have been down the stairs and run all the way to the right pst the mobs to the fireplace, grab royal knights resolve if you want, then there’s a doorway to your right in that room.
Ok only a minute in and I have to comment DOUSE SHINUNDAKARA!!! The music choice in these videos are always tip top notch
how much break, lol
how much break, lol
I found this weapon like day one nobody said anything about it. Glad to know it was pretty good like I thought
Really sad for the sword.
10 points to Gryffindor!
giantdad？is that you？
yo you used music from getter robo, thats based as hell
'Sword of Night and Flame' points to 'Death's Poker' and says: "Now it's your turn." kkkkk
As a wise man once said "oops I did it again" ,peglord.
Lmao say thank youuu, speed runners ;)
Let's see if we can get them to nerf every fun weapon uwu
Are you coming to Brazil?
why did u post this video tmr bro i wanted to watch it today
The intro wounded me.
Seja enviado para o Brasil?
This weapon does Frostbite damage, if anyone is wondering what's that buildup damage.
FS:  1.04, We "balanced" Death's Poker
BRASIL
This weapon isn't op. This vid is nice but the weapon only works this good in limgrave and liurnia. In Caelid, Lyndell, Farum Azula and Haligtree it stops being op. The ash of war it has is awesome for damage all the way through but the issue is it doesn't reach very far for either the flame trail or the explosion and most enemies later can very easily tap you out of it. I'm in Haligtree now and most of the nonbasic gugs can 3 shot me at 55 Vigor with the veterans set on.
HUE HUE BRASIL ES NUMERO UNO
I just sent for Eleonora's Poleblade myself. Been ripping the game to shreds with it.
Kinda proud of myself for making this build before everyone caught on.
brasil me pegou desprevenido KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Ds2 never looked this good. Great game
That onlyafro reference on the beginning give me so much nostalgia
1:46 filho da puta, eu ri
brazil mentioned👍👍👍😎😎😎
Just something about this music it’s too good
Overpowered seems to be the buzz word in these videos
JOJO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good thing I play in offline mode. Me and my Bloodhound Fang and SoNF and Mimic Tear are having fun :)
O que fizeram com a minha espada mágica, isso não se faz cara ;-;
That opening was a goddamn GIANT DAD reference. NICE!
Video starts in black and white, same music as the old Giant Dad... Me: come on, put the same text on the screen, DO IT Text comes up. Follows up exactly the same.  Thanks mate. I needed this laugh/nostalgia.
imagine not using the wrong warp in farum azula to get plus 10. shaking my head ymfah
I said it last video and I'll say it again: do you want this to get patched? Because this is how you get it patched.
I been waiting for this upload 😃  I'll bet margits ass he's regretting being part tree lol
after 1year of the game: how to be op early, upgrade the weapon of ur class to +25 kkk
Patches is here to ruin our builds and ditch us during a bossfight. Little prick
It took me a minute to understand that text was in portuguese, and it's my main language, I feel dumb
Dont suppose youd be able to do a cah tana op build?
Obrigado Ymfah pela referência  Thank you Ymfah for reference
oh great they are def going to be nerfed or adjusted
Too bad they just nerfed night and flame :(
The best !
did you talk with iron pinapple bc of the face of your character ;D ?
this is YMFAH! If you get 1m will you cheeki-breeki in tracksuit Gael outfit?
1:46 i'm brazilean and this is 100% accurate
Great giantdad reference
miseravel.
We need giantdad in Elden Ring, the Legend never dies
SAMURAI? WITH BRAZIL JOKES? WELL MY MEMORIES ARE REPAIRED
I'm kinda impressed you haven't found a way to abuse the celebrant weapons yet for infinite rune gain.
Rivers of blood is an awesome somber weapon but isn't locked by a few bosses before you can get it ?
Does this work on elden beast because its the only boss standing between me and beating this game
Le retour du Roi!
Fukin  pull out the WEEEBSSSSTER dictionary
Bro, ymfah...your videos are a blessing and the quality just keeps going up. Thank you for all that you do my friend. <3
Ymfah when the game launches: wanna see me break the game?  Ymfah after 1.03: wanna see me do it again?
ANOTHER ONEEEEE
As a wise man said: "If door is closed before you - clip through the wall!"
Ymfah you know they added a talisman that boosts pot items👀
1:47 meteu essa? lol
Ymfah I’ve been watching these vids for a long time and despite how impressive the guides are, it’s always the music that brings me back nice work big man
Hey i am Brazilian wtf was that reference kkkkkk
And from here you rush Godrick -> continue White mask quest's -> go to Mohgwyn Palace -> cheese the boss -> +420000 souls to do whatever you want
When's the elden ring without talking run :^)
And now Moveswap exists and you can do 5k damage and insta poise break any boss with rapiers.
Jetstream sam is that you?
THE DEVELOPERS WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO HOLD BACK THE WILL KNOWN AS YMFAH
daamn! thanks alot!! (*whispering* : plz no nerf my stick)
Great get this weapon nerfed too Ymfah, why do your vids have to be so popular 🙄
true souls player with the wiggle at the and of a boss fight
Ah shit. Here we go again.
How to break every npc quest ;_;
Bro when I heard the music, I screamed without the s.
1:46 as a brazilian I wasn't expecting for that
I have done almost the exact same thing without the bird and cavalry cheese with the help of Wiki. Somber weapons op
I can't believe it. He did it again!
Im glad there is people like u in this world
From Software: *patches a weapon Ymfah found thats broken*  Ymfah: I'll fuckin do it again
Feels so good to see you play Elden Ring finally, I can't wait for more videos about it!
i like... TRULY mean this: i respect your effort for gaming, your challenges are on another level!? ive watched all your videos but ive always been to late to comment and you to see, thank you!
I like how you covered your ass at the end by listing 5 other OP weapons. Also that JoJo remixed song slaps so hard during horse rides.
BRASILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Ymfah is god. Dmn i so like your breaks and this crazzzy jojo music
Now this shits gonna get nerfrd lmao
Maybe SL1 is coming?
That Brasil bit is quality  Pode vir para o Brasil
It would appear there's a race to break this game, From will not be able to catch up at this pace
Thank you!!!
God, the callback to the Giantdad video just put a tear in my eye.
Can someone explain why people put caps on leveling too much, is it because they wanna pvp with low level players or does having high level makes the game difficult overall (more health and damage on enemies)
1:46 perdi os lados
Still waiting to see Ymfah do a "How to Beat" video about Dragon's Dogma since you could come up with some fun builds and i just want to see him attempt to beat it with just the fists or consumables
swag
After the nerf I didn't know what I was gonna do 😅 thanks for this man.
Hey dude, I'm fr Brasil and I think you were unfair... Brasil is much harder than elden ring kkkkkkkkkkk. Love you're vids, keep up the beautiful work and stay safe.
seja enviado para o Brasil
Backstep through lava to move faster
next video is like "how to beat elden ring with console off"
This requires more work if they patch this and act like this game is dark souls based off of damage in new game I think I may need to disconnect myself from the game till dlc comes out
my boy is back again <3
Pakinov de miniatura xD
You can make the bird commit slewagcide off the edge of the map if you hide behind rock/tree that's fallen over. I did it last last and it took a few tries.
From soft when they see this video.... "Guess i'm nerfing again"
Just fyi, you can go through the door behind the devirginizer at Somber 7 and unlock Volcano Manor bonfire. Basically you get to start the recusants questline early and you skipped like 50% of the snake town
Can't wait for them to nerf it into oblivion too, instead of just fixing the HP and poise on the enemies.
is the godskin noble freeze already got fixed on 1.03? can get free 50k souls and a grace there. Or the other alternatives is continuing the path at somber +7 to get knight resolve ash of war then turn right and follow the road till grace
HEY BRASIL MENTIONED
Welcome to Brasil
Crazy how weak lava is in this game.
I am waiting for your consumable build
The real gift was the soundtrack all along…
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" Kkkkkkkk me pegou muito. Great video as alwats dude, keep going
dude chose a chad face on body type A
special thanks to: lol
Yup You did it again. Now let's wait for 1.04 patch and see how they nerfed this build... Anyway I'm waiting for more "Elden Ring" videos from my fave soulsborne YouTuber @Ymfah. Let's goooo bois.
Death Bird has great moves and an awful design
It's not as abusable in PvP so I highly doubt it will get nerfed.
1:47 "seja enviado para o Brasil" Incrível kkkkkkkkk Ymfah muito bom como sempre
inb4 this also gets nerfed into uselessness.
Fun fact, night and flame only required 12 intel and faith to use on v1.0
ymfah casually gonna get everything nerfed and still find a way to be stupidly op.
I love your videos man and I’m early this time
I thought the whole point was to fix the elden ring
Games only been out for a month but yeah go against everything us fromsoftware people go by and not help the folks who suck so we can take everything on invasions
I used this weapon for quite some time and it it fun to use.
"Do some parkour" Damn you could have added the sound bite "Hardcore Parkour" missed opportunity
Yeah, this is next to be nerfed.
*THE LEGEND NEVER DIES*
His tacticts get nerfed? ymfah comes back even more chadlike! great video man
I wish i could play eldon ring but i think my computer is going to explode when i do
New character time :D
You can take the wind down behind the first bonfire to get to the golden chicken foot faster
From dark souls 1, all the way to elden ring nice to ymfah still destroying souls games
Welcome to Brazil 🤣🤣🤣
how do you get rivers of blood early, im pretty sure it requires 2 demigod kills
This is even more crazy than SoFn
Brasil mentioned
What's funny is that there is a better weapon but almost no one knows about it because of YouTube. Have fun finding it. Once people figure out what it is, it's going to get nerfed
Venha para o Brasil meu querido!
finally, the content I have been waiting for since the release of the game, now I an finally play it ;)
U r the genius.. THE GENIUS...
This is the part about patching I don't like; players find a fun exploit, so the developers take it away for "balancing" purposes. How about you just let us play the game we want, hm?
The editing, the music, the absolute chad face. GGWP Elden Ring is broken.
what’s that intro song?
Is there a way to get rivers of blood early in the game?
Cool
greetings from brazil
>Gravity Rush OST Ah... home.
Be me at lvl 10 Rushed to Radagon soreseal and both halves of the Dectus talisman. Gets to Atlus plateau still at lvl 10 Follows Yuras storyline till I get to the second church of marika Use the Reduvia to kill Eleonora and get her twin blades Grab a gold foot and the beetle talisman from the cave in Caelid for 20% runes and beat margit for the second talisman pouch (optional) for 40% rune increase Grab the somber stones to get to +5 and kill the shit out of a lazy dragon for over 100k souls Now lvl 45 with busted bleed build
This man really released a video patch in responce to a game one. This is why I'm subbed
Please show how to make GIGA Chad!!!
the fucking intro hahahahahah   FINE WORK
Seja enviado pro Brasil, HAHAHA, this made me laught really, ty
Welp, it's getting nerfed soon
Damn, feels good to be back boys 🍸 🍺 🍻
Wonderful OnlyAfro opening
Did they patch the Godskin Cheese?
So much work just for early OP game ??
Damn, I couldn't think of a better intro! Nice to see a classic being respected as it should
FromSoftware: [1.03 patch notes]  ymfah: "And I took that personally."
omg i love you! tried your night and flame sword tutorial and made it. too bad it got nerfed.. but i think im gonna stick to it for a while
Up and up.
As a native portuguese speaker, watching 01:46 got me really confused
If I make a build based on this and it gets nerfed am gnna report you!
Nice! Can that deathbird be poisoned? The isolated merchant in the northwest part of caelid sells serpent arrows that might make that part smoother.
Oi. Seja enviado para o Brasil nada kkkkkkk
Can’t tell you how long I have waited for you to make a vid on this game
The subtle reference to the Giant Dad video at the start 👌
Thank you ymfah for bringing in another age of pvp darkness! See you when you do it again next patch!
There is so many op builds/weapons in this game. What i'm really looking forward is beating ER with consumables only!
Ah, shit. Here we go again...
you can get up to +10 by going to mohgwyn using the amulet you get from varre, run past everything and when you reach the bonfire before the boss, you shoot an arrow into the blood noble and use a pillar to bypass him, run to the chest and voila, plus 10 somber
I don't know chad meme getting really old
How to become OP fast in Elder Ringg:  Choose Bandit class Cheese Greyoll, Greyll and Night's cavalry Get Radagon Scarseal Level up to 99 Buy Zweihander from isolated merchant in the southwest part of the island at the south of the map. Upgrade to chaos+5 Equip a tanky armor that allows medium load. Defeat Margaritte and get black flame and Black flame blade. Congratulations, you are now OP
I gotta say, I *LOVE* your music selection, specially the first one, made me reminisce of better days.
Sl1 run when ?
You can also do Varre's quest to make your weapon +10
1:46  Não acredito que você é brasileiro
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" Vá tomar no rabo hahahaahahahahahahahaahahahahaahhahahaa
He's back.... ahhhh
From soft can't stop this with the updates LOL.
You are playing Elden Ring wrong if your character is not GIGACHAD.
Video should be titled “What Miyazaki is going to patch next, sorry fuckers”.
Now that you mentioned, Brazil really gives a Caelid vibes sometimes
This guy legit did the route I did for my bandit scimitar lmao. Good video sir
"seja enviado para o Brasil" kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
u should addd do pvp quest after godrik and go to mogh palace and easy pick up (10) somber
Man you fast lol
Overpowered, but still maidenless.
YOU FOOL, what are you doing!.. oh no, its too la-  Elden Ring 1.04 update Death's Poker: has had its skill damage reduced, and renamed to Death's Tiny Prick to match said new damage output
The first time I saw the skill leave aoe I knew it's gonna be fucked up.
you can cheese the death bird off the cliff and save you 69 arrows ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The come to Brazil in Portuguese really made my day :D
That’s an Evangelion reference right?
That opening tho
See you in the next episode Next weekend 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Bruh what isn't OP in this game
Can't wait to use this until the next patch
"call gf" Instruction unclear. Why is my uncle knocking the door?
could've skipped first 2 minutes and just wrote dragon trick instead
just do the bird farm. the quest to get to that place is easy enough
Musical blast to the past hell yeah.
When the world grew dark for SoNaF users, ymfah lit the torch and led us out
I love the throwback at the beginning.   THE LEGEND NEVER DIES.
Absolutely frothing for the full length elden ring challenge vids
LUL
You know for a fact the next patch will take this as well lol
1:46 Chamou?
Ah yes. Don't we all remember the "Night and Flame Spamming twinks?" *Continues to spam a Ice magic weapon instead of a fire magic weapon* Don't mind me, just sad at myself cuz I did a Mostly Strength&Endurance build
You can also get the +10 stone easily by doing Varre's questline
I spent so much time upgrading my sword of night and flame. And if this one gets patched to. I’m gonna be so mad
i'm waiting for how to beat elden ring without talking tutorial
1:47 Brasil mentioned
0:01 Only people 10 years old+ on Dark Souls memes will get this reference
You did it. You crazy son of a bitch, you did it.
Welcome to Brazil, let's go!
wow.. that good
Thanks bro luv you
Amazing
my life has turned into, jsut waiting for ymfah content. and im okay with that. i dont need friends anymore
Is there a good route to get regular weapons to +24?
Your character is Samuel, the weakest brazilian male, you cannot convince me otherwise
Welcome to Brazil cara, aqui o bagulho é doido
You know how speed runners skip to Crumbling Farum Azula? Did you know the SAME glitch much easier just by teleporting to Perfumers Grotto area, the cave behind a giant plant right next to the big stairs in Altus Plateau?  HOW TO EASY SKIP TO CRUMBLING FARUM: 1. Run to The Four Belfries. 2. Get the Imbued Imp Key at the top of the Belfry tower, then go to the bottom tower and use the key on that teleporting gate. 3. Enter the gate to that secluded Crumbling Farum Azula, then just teleport to Perfumers Grotto. 4. In Perfumers Grotto, DON'T TOUCH THE GRACE, just save and quit, then simply go back in with continue. DONE!  AND FOR SOME WEIRD REASON, it teleports you into Crumbling Farum Azula in the place you would be after the Fire Giant! Just like in speed runs, this glitches the game and puts you in a different place. No need to frame perfect time teleporting with this one! It just happens. I have no idea why, I have no idea why Performers Grotto, but it does. Be sure to sprint to a Grace once at Crumbling Farum Azula, if you die, you will have to do the glitch again. I also believe this works in Leyndell Royal Capital, with the teleporter trap chest that takes you to the top of the tower, allowing you to skip a Tree Sentinel. It also works with the Imbued Imp Key that'll take you to Nokron, as it will take you right outside the mimic battle so you can get Ghost Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearings.  This glitch does REQUIRE the two halves of the medallion to get you into the Atlus Plateau, but that's not a bad thing, you can grab Radagons Scarseal Talisman and tons of seeds while you are at it.  This method you can get all the Bell Bearings by only killing 3 story bosses, the two smithing Bell Bearings in Mountaintop of the Giants and the two at Crumbling Farum Azula. Granted, that would also include killing Godskin Duo which is no easy feat, I heard you can cheese them by putting one to sleep? Maybe some Rot too.  If you want ALL the Bell Bearings with killing minimum bosses, you must defeat the following bosses. For all the Smithing Stone Miner Bells: 1. Ghost of Godfrey, First Elden Lord (to get to mountains) 2. Morgott, The Omen King (To get to mountains) 3. Crystalian Ring (Smithing Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)) 4. Godskin Duo (Smithing Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4))  For all Sombering Smithing Stone Bells 5. Crystalian Spear and Ringblade (Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)) OPTIONAL: 6. Fallingstar Beast (Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)), you can just buy a limitless supply from the boy War Counselor Iji instead)  That's it, all 9 Smithing Bell Bearings should be obtainable and you can near max any weapon you want.  You can now try a near maxed any weapon you can find early on in game, combine it with the suicide bird farm for runes. Players can grab a weapon, max it, and give it a spin if they like it or not.
performance so smooth.. gpu must be ZTX 9800 ti with i20 cpu
Okay, now I can buy the game.
The portals all over elden ring that let you go to high level areas early and get strong when you choose is honestly such a cool addition that it makes me want to make new characters even though I’m not done with my first!
D-Did you kill Millicent?
Something else that can be added for anyone looking to keep power leveling, keep in mind you need to kill one rune boss for this and have the divine bridge and audience pathway bonfire. I’ve been testing it out and It’s a bit tedious but gets a lot of runes.  you can wrong warp into leyndell by force quitting a fast travel partial load  from divine bridge to audience pathway. From leyndell make a marathon to Mohg’s shackle. After you’ve killed one Great Rune boss, Varre will move to the Rose church, follow his quest line for the Knights Medal. Marathon it to Mohg and use the shackle bug, it still works in 1.03. If you Don’t walk around him and cause him to turn or break his posture, he’ll stay inactive down to zero health. After a fowl foot should be just under 500k.
its about damn time
Dat giantdad callback opening tho
Não gostei do seja enviado para o Brasil...
Greyoll`s Dragonbarrow é inspirado em Belford Roxo, Brasil.
The Brasil bit got me lmao  Edit: A Welcome to Florida sign would have been better 🤣
Thanks  Imma speedrun the game with this weapon before the next patch v:
The Neon Genesis Evangelion intro font just makes me happy
These videos cure my depression
Fck weapons. He's the GigaChad
VENHA PARA O BRASIL
based
"How to beat Elden ring as a pokémon master" and then you only use Summons. That would be Very Nice.
О нет у видео нет субтитр...стоп я могу перевести сам
After finding the somber stone 7.. continue the path ahead to arrive at volcano manor's site of grace.. can follow the quest for east rykard access
>giantdad video references in 2022 impressive. very nice.
this was bound to happen
You can get +10 by doing valles quest after bullying dragonfist boi. There's an ancient stone near the mogh fight in a chest, all you need to do for the quest is invade three times, you don't need to win, you can just leave after invading.  Once that's done, go to four belfries, bully tutorial boss, and get ye maiden blood for the mogh teleport.
Let's play a fun game of how many "how to be overpowered early in elden ring" videos will ymfah have to make because everything gets nerfed
oxi a parte do br KKKKKKKKKK
protip: do not level up your somber weapon before completing varre's questline, its super easy to kill morgit and godrick anyway  when you do varre's questline you have to invade 3 times, so if you level a somber up to +9 you will be locked out of getting early entry to THE soul farming location and an early ancient somber smithing stone  if you wait until you get to mohg's area before upgrading, you can straight up go from 0 to +10 with only 1 great rune, and you also have access to the best soul farming site in the game
My fav souls like channel. Thanks from Brazil <3
lets just hope this doesnt get patched xD
Please come to Brazil
im so confused....@ 8:43   What tower??? next to..what?  He teleports to a waypoint, then.....mythical tower appears?
The real hero, videos are always amazing ♥️
Ah yes another weapon to get nerfed
ymfah breaking Elden Ring since 02/25/2022
It amazes me how he found a new way to break the game early directly after the patch
Could do the Godskin cheese for an extra 50k runes
Now you know the next weapon to be nerfed into oblivion
"Seja Enviado para o Brasil" ... im crying rn
Bloodhounds blade is by far my favorite weapon
with the bird I legit just fought it and it fell off the edge, unintentional cheese LOL on thye left side of the cliff theres rocks and a big root. he was facing with his back to the cliff i was infront of him and he fell off (FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO GIVE IT A TRY)
i did this last night, u can actually get +10 if u progress white mask varres quest until u reach mohgwyn palace
In addition to the notes others mentioned, there's a no-setup ai disable for Godskin Noble still in this version by activating the fog wall as far back as possible (you clip slightly into the floor and have to hop a little to get out). If you bring poison arrows or similar you can just stand back and win without effort for Runes, a weapon, the rest of the area and an immediate grace.  I think if you stance break them their AI reinitializes so fair warning there.
Strong
"IF" you mean when
I WAS ABLE TO SKIP GODSKIN NOBLE THE ENTIRE TIME?
8:27 cheesing godskin noble is faster than that and gives you extra runes.
thats some spicy back scratcher
You psychotic madman, you did it again. You broke from software's entire game series 😂😂
he even used the giantdad turorial video music… it’s really bringing back the memories now
Thanks for pointing another wepon to FS! :D
Seja enviado para o Brasil 😈😈
Dude... Dig In Your Heels/Unwavering Belief for your intro music?!  YES!
RL1 run next?
LETS GO
Have been using this weapon for quite some time unaware of it's powerful skill.   Tho unlike other weapon this one is balanced since hitting that skill can be difficult and the damage seems appropiate.
Ymfah: makes a new video  Me: what broke now? And what am I doing next while cackling ?
Damn i already got elden ring but my PS4 can't read disc anymore soo I'm Happy with the first video with the fire and night sword so i can catch-up with my friends but after the nerf I'm pretty sad  but this new update make me smile... Gonna play elden ring when i got my ps5 in a few months..  Update just got my ps5 last week..
Also some more info: You can easily get the +10 by talking with the Maidenless guy after the first encounter from the start of the game, afterward in the Lakes Area, and going into the underworld, no bosses are needed(?)
The only thing I hate about these vids is I get SO HYPE when I hear the Gravity Rush OST that end up tearing off my thumbnails in pure elation and making it so I can’t handle a controller for a few days.
1:47 BRAZIL REFERENCE (yes i am brazilian)
can somebody explain why did he get the vigor up to 36
oh boy looks like my early game is even more optimized now lol
aaaaaaand tis gonna be nerfed next...
How fast, can you get a +10/+25 weapon in this game?
So uh  How long tell you have to make a 1.4 vid and this is nerfed?
Thanks man!
Well now I'm curios how to get Rivers of Blood "early". It's locked behind Morgott, so...
To up the damage a little more if you kill the jar early game you get a talisman to increase your skill damage, if you want to wait until end game you get a better one during end game as well.
1:46 Bem vindo ao Brasil!
doesn't it take ages to get rivers of blood?
Ymfah truly have a Unwavering Belief
I am so, so happy that I get to experience the Dark Souls 1 and Dark Souls 3 Ymfah hype all over again with Elden Ring. I remember just falling in love with your videos, watching them day and night for weeks on end, getting crazy hyped when a new one released. Thank you for these videos, and please, please make more. I love your content, have a great day!
great club is a best
We have an easier way to get Somber Stones than going by the mage academy
Man literaly made jetstream Sam as his character
Fromsoft:  We decided that certain weapon sets were overtuned so we’re gonna change up a bunch in the latest balance patch.  YMFAH:  You Fool, I have 70 Alternative Builds
It is a +9 weapon idk how much can be done to patch
You can join an active group like SEEKERS or FEXTRA and wait until you get the buff that provides extra runes from someone defeating a boss.  This stacks with the gold foot, and will net you over 100k runes from the big sleepy dragon.
you already know you're in for a ride when ymfah uploads
Oh no, its gonna get patched qwq
cheating 0:04
HE'S BACK
I don't know if yall knew it, but if u kill the little black dragons around greyoll he heals and stands on his feet, don't know what happens next
As a Brazilian I can confirm greyolls dragonbarrow is indeed somewhere in Brazil, more precisely, in the metropolitan region of São Paulo
1:46 nem ferrando kkkkkkkkkk
Ótimo vídeo, continua com vídeos assim, e com o suporte a pt-br nas legendas like d+
SEJA ENVIADO PARA O BRASIL KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
BEM VINDO AO BRASIL
Omg, he's so good.
At least now the damage makes sense with this extremely short range explosion in the AoW from a boss weapon.
Wish you would of posted this sooner before I gave up on the fucking death rite bird and went to ng++++
Man keeps doing it and i keep loving it!.
WHAT YIU MEAN BLASPHEMOUS BLADE
He did it again he became overpowered once again
1:46 o brasil nem é tão feio assim krl kkkkkkkkk
It's good and all but how about we find some good cheese tactics for endgame
I love the way you cut these videos man. you got establishing shots of locations and everything. really great stuff.
Well, it seems I missed on a near perfect dragon with the Pre-Patched version of the Sword of Night and Flame.  Let me 'ask' you, was it really nerfed that much?   Because, during my entire first playthrough I wasn't able to use that sword, as I didn't meet the stats yet.  I primarily used the Carian Sword, and Ice-imbued normal sword and did pretty well for myself.  Wasn't until the post end-game, before NG+, that I started using N&F and I thought it was pretty great.  It deals more damage than my Carian.  I've been using it as my secondary weapon for NG+, and I've been dominating pretty much everyone.  Just how powerful was it before!?
amazing intro :D
"Seja enviado para o Brasil". Why? I'm brazilian, but I don't understand the context behind this joke.
That was quick and he already has another video planned if this gets patch.
Ongbal and ymfah the boys are back at it again
no you'll not call ymfah , but imfirinhmahlazer 😂
He came when we needed him the most.
Petition for ymfah to make a new ymfah's iteration of GiantDad.
This Will be nerfed yay or Nay?
They can’t nerf ymfah
Nice
"Oops I did it again"... yea, that's what Fromsoft will say with patch 1.04. ;)
Beautifully made video
Quick tip; as usual, you can quickstep with a dagger or ash of war/back step in lava/poison/rot swamps, to get to the other side much more quickly.  Bonus points: it also works in spoiler       The hero grave with two chariots and a lava river, quite easy and way better than the normal route.
Is there a consequence after killing Greyoll(Sleeping Dragon)?
pls stop getting my builds nerfed ty
and then, Patch 1.04 we see "Death's Poker has been adjusted". love the vids ymfah
Seja enviado para o Brasil Kkkkkkkk
LOVE u
Ты крут мужык
some people have trouble getting the cavalry cheese to work if so you can stand on vase shaped things on the bridge and kill him with ranged attacks literally can't hit you there
So...not to be that guy, but wouldn't basically any +5 somber weapon destroy Margit?  So its not really the weapon here, just the upgrade route.
1:49 aquele é o Brasil, de fato.
Started using the Death Poker  couple day ago. Oh boy it is OP
*sad Sword Of St. Trina noises*
The fact that you have 1400 hp means you can also use mimic early with this.
Minor thing: instead of having so much vigor, a second option is grabbing the talisman behind the virgin before it grabs you. No fall damage, only lava damage.  That said, I did not know about the 5 and 6 in Volc manor, so that may be part of my routing from now on. Get my +9 weapon before my bosses.  In any case, amazing video
truth be told I don't think moonveil got nerfed, cause it was working as intended.  The cheese stuff did cause it wasn't intended like with the erdtree shield to fire machine gun style cause you set yourself on fire.
Could you make a Vergil build early?
This weapon, the weapon's skill damage, scales with faith right?
Why do I feel that this is gonna get nerfed next patch?
Glad they fixed that cancer night and flame sword
I got some tips for more easy souls in Caelid:  1. The Night Boss at Lenni's Rise ( south east of the bridge with the dragon) can be killed instantly by just making him run through the poision traps above. Easy 42k  2. This one needs a little patience. The dragon on the bridge can be instakilled by getting it stuck in the area between the bonfire and the bridge (where the cliff starts). You need to bait it there and hope he does his jump attack to get over the bridge. Then run back on the bridge and wait. Once it starts to float mid air it will die soon from the falling softlock prevention. It can fly out of it with the breath attack, if you are unlucky. It usually takes me less than 5 minutes though to pull it off, but it depends on your RNG. Anyway that's another "easy" 80k souls
Guide should be called: how to keep yourself from matchmaking till you’re lvl 150.
yea everyone is making videos with the poke now...
nice
I can tell ymfah is really happy to be making souls content again xD
Can't wait for the pacifist run with summons or consumable only I'd also be interested to see if you can optimize the max skeleton build, I know you can get three sets of skelly summons at once (spirit ashes, tibia mariner summons, rosus' axe) but there might be more?
Uuuuuuugh... So much attention is being drawn to this weapon, mark my words it will be next on the nerf train.
"Seja Enviado Para o Brasil"   Instructions unclear,i've been born there
*Sees the short intro B-Roll*  Dear god... it gets fucking worse
You're the reason why From Soft nerf the weapon all along.
Oh, dear... He is finally awake!
1:46 Be sent to Brasil, im dead
God I love when this channel uploads. The amount of joy it brings me is amazing.
Amazing, I followed his earlier night and fire route but added my personal touch, turns out we are the same in acquiring the gold foot, sore seal, the position of somber +1 to +9 except like the +6 one lmao
Ymfah: *makes a video on how to become OP in Elden Ring* Fromsoft: *patches it out* Ymfah: “I’ll fuckin’ do it again”
The man, the myth, the legend is BACK!
tip you can cheese the godskin insted of skipping it for more souls. you enter the boss area and trigger the fight, save and exit. at the fog gate you use your bow to aim walk slowly to the fog gate. when the button to enter pops up, stop and enter. youll go past the fog gate but the AI will not be active. jump around a bit to get unstuck and bleed that bitch :)
You did it again, awesome XD
JMFAH!
Insane once again ymfah
we all need this 😀💖
New hoarfrost stomp LETS GOOOOO
I'm surprised you can't get the ashes of war of the death poker. How many ground based 'AoE' ashes of war is in the game anyways?  Like Hoarfrost Stomp
Guess what I'm gonna do next playthrough lol
I BEEN WAITING FOR THIS. JACK
That’s so pathetic
ok I did NOT expect Lost Judgment music in an Elden Ring video
Damn right and he’ll do it again
So how long do you guys think this one will go unnerfed? At least I've had my time with this bad boy at it's peak
Another tip: You can just stand at the cliff next to the bridge and make the Nights Cavalry jump to his death, takes literally 10 seconds.
I hope it doesn't get patched, you need all the breakage you can get in this game.
welcome to brazil
Any plans on how to do a rl1?
this channel is bacc !!! waiting for Consumable only build
will there be Russian subtitles?
He actually set up the next like 7 weapons, what a chad
Devs: "Finally. We fixed all that ezpz crap with that sword" ymfah: *drops another video* Devs: "FIX IT!"
Rot breath man, anything you cant already kill in 3-4 hits, itll happen
Dont u guys have stuttering issues?
1:46 BRASIL MENCIONADO FAMÍLIA
Fromsoft really messed with making somber weapons only requiring 1 of each somber stone.
U are a menace to From software 🤣👍
This is definitely going to be patched too lol, it's not far off the stomp or the sword, people just hadn't been doing this one. shame this happens with each game, there's a reason weapon arts seem'd so piddly in DS3, they're really fucking powerful if you let them do any decent damage.
I guess you can't keep a good Ym down, huh?
I still find it sooo iritating that ash of war dmg scales only with weapon level and not with stats. It is such a broken system. They could nerf all these broken builds by just changing the way these ash of wars scale.
Como q ele chegou no Brasil😰😰😰😱😱😱😱😢😢😢
I know what weapon they gonna nerf next.
"Seja enviado para o Brasil". As a brazillian, I'd say that I could barely notice any difference between the scenario and my hometown.
Guys I’ve got a question if I’m level 30 and have a plus 9 weapon can I still invade people who are around my level or do I also need to be at a specific weapon level like dark souls 1?
There will blood shed!
Kakakaka what do you mean "enviado pro Brasil"? Kakakakkkaksk
No patch can stop the king man
This guys a menace
You did this?  THREE OTHER YOUTUBERS UPLOADED THE SAME SHIT YESTERDAY
what is the intro song called? the one that starts by the 15 sec mark
"Show me a good time, Margit!"
There are somber smithing stones on the jump current near the giant dragon that you kill at caelid. Just jump back at the skull on the same jump spot and its all on the top of the giant skull. Most somber stones are also on the caelid lake. No need to go to lava manor
This video is so legendary because it can be used with all somber smithing weapons
Good ol' Gravity Rush music. Nice
Fromsoftware: damn it he did it again
Now its time for how to beat Elden Ring SL1 and there better be a blessed and possesed intro
hell yeah finally used "unwavering belief" as i suggested
Lmao, i actually did something similar to this yesterday, except that i got the hand cannon from the volcano cave and blasted margit with only 5 shots to kill him
Tutorial on how to make giga chad face ?! plz
I still struggle to understand how I A) completely missed the giant ass dragon B) the giant smith and C) Ranni's first encounter on my first playthrough completely.
As soon as I got this weapon, I somehow knew this was going to be one of the broken ones.
ymfah come to brazil
Row row fight the powah
Could be better. This is a far cry from Sword of Night and Flame.
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Never been this early, but just wanted to say me and my friend used to always watch you while we play souls 3, we played all of them but especially ds3 together and we broke apart and now I’m becoming elden lord without him but your videos makes it feel like you were part of our friendship and gives me the feeling that we’re still playing. So thank you for the amazing content as always❤️
A few improvements to the experience.  At 4:20 you can jump to that white skull using that air jump. A nice run arc and a few stones don’t hurt.  And on 8:07 I’m 99% sure if he went forward instead of KYS he would get both the weapon art of the royal knight (now nerfed) and open the a looked gate to Volcano Manor (and therefore access to the Oreo weapon for BB and strength fans).
HE'S BACK
wait, why do we need bloodhound step ?
Can't wait for elden ring 1.030000001, heard it has some groundbreaking mechanics
Mother of God wow
Were you sitting on this and waiting for the eventual fromsoft nerf lol. I love how quick this was lol
Ohhh boyyy that old Giant Dad thats some nostalgia right there.
You can actually jump for +7 from right to left, without that stupid spike
THIS IS A GIANT DAD REFERENCE !?
Love seeing all the tarnisheds being warped right next to my house, but I think we need subtitles for them to know we're not speaking spanish. Welcome to Brasil
3:09 NICE
And to all the people who hate the game asking for an easy mode...  This just shows there are many ways to unlock "easy mode"
Weeb be like: I want to be women
How about  Elden Ring summoner only?
going through a break up… *sees this* mmm yeh i’m all good now
"Seja enviado para o Brasil", as a brazilian I confirm thats what Brasil is like
1:46 Brazil reference!?!?!?
Upgraded sword of night and flame to +10 day before 1.03 ;(
already see it coming, this sword is broken asfuk, love u ymfah <3
COME TO BRAZIL
Imma use this on melenia
Some legends never die, they only grow
didn't know Wabesuki is too OP
THE LEGEND NEVER DIES
Can this cheese radahn?
Love the editing 😂
Is That a motherflipping BRazil refference???? Brasileiros, uni-vos
I told one of my friends three days ago when the patch notes came up that Ymfah would have found an alternative to the Sword of Night and Flame already. Now I'm regretting not putting money on it. Hindsight, eh?
I think that the pacifist walkthrough in elden ring will be easy for you, but still I can't wait for it in your performances!
might be meta for SL1 run
using the flail's spinning weapon art is faster than slicing greyroll for 10hrs with a katana
You could do Varre's questline to get to Mohgwyn Palace, there is a somber smithing stone to get to +10 there which is the earliest you can get one. You can literally max out your weapon without even leaving Liurnia
That intro gave me nostalgia feelings
nerfs are cringe and anti-fun, don't you fucking dare FS
1:46 bem vindo a São Paulo Brasil
Falling star beast in the lake cave gives plus 6 and 7 somber  for victory
Samurai is GOD
The most impressive part was how you were able to record, cut, and edit all this so quickly after the patch dropped.
I wonder how long it will take before they nerf this again :(
Dont stop at +9! You can get to +10 too with the Dragon stone you find right before mohg ( that you can cheese by killing his ai for half million runes). Also you can make the bird fall off the cliff to cheese it that way, much better
I had some serious childhood flashbacks when the Gravity Rush song came on
Ymfah thanks for finding these broken methods so fromsoft patches them all. Mage builds are absolutely insane and as a pure melee build i appreciate balancing.
Sick can’t wait till they nerf another cool weapon 😭😭
My lord has returned to me, at last...
Thank you ymfah, for everything.
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
Goodbye my Sweet Shield that poops out light blasters.
Fromsoft has subbed to the channel
But did you get back up and PWN HIM?
ah the video I've been waiting, but the game updated lol
"Seja enviado para o Brasil"
1:46 como descobriu que o Brasil era assim? Kkkkkkkkk
We thought Sword of night and flame and Hoarfrost were dead but apparently not because this Chad still has another broken weapon in his sleeve.
Где перевод?!?!?
Sadly the weapon art makes you character laggy
OH BABY i've been waiting for this video. i respeced to moonveil while i've been waiting lol
Ymfah will not be satisfied until every weapon in the game is nerfed.
This may not work woth some bosses, nvm ""ultra op early"" shit and learn to roll and punish early, or dont come back asking for an easier elden ring
Ok... Now they are gonna nerf my meme weapon... RIP little one
very nice
The reference to the Giant dad Onlyafro original video at the beginning  Love it.
From: we patched the good stuff ymfah: ah shit here we go again
I AM 0:02 INTO THIS VIDEO AND I HAVE TO PAUSE BECAUSE THAT OPENING SAX RIFF HAS BEEN LIVING IN MY SUBCONSCIOUS FOR 9 YEARS. Absolute legend.
Legend never dies... He just levels DEX... dies in the soul...
You can actually make Gargoyle fall off for 80k souls
Ymfah save some maiden’s for the rest of us bro
I was excited to PLAY Elden Ring…but I was more excited to see more Ymfah Videos!
Ymfah, my boi, to the rescue  lol
the mentally handicapped began to force this weapon and demonstrate it as an ultimate weapon in the game.... well, we are waiting for the next nerf.
Holy shit Im early to a ymfah vid!   This is so weird
the dream.....it wil never end. Also ymfah just wondering if your a gravity rush fan. great music.
I see you wrote in Portuguese and wrote "Brasil", você acaba de invocar os brasileiros!
If you want to make it +10 get the bloody finger, teleport to that blood area and loot the chest just before the boss room
Your vids are just gold ma men!
The Brook Build hehe
I can only to the L2 attack why? If i press L2 and R1 it only to the L2 thing not the same like on the video?!?!   Fix it you need to press L2 then hit the ball
Thanks ymfah for making us op and introducing me to powerwolf
One man’s quest to get everything patched and still break the game.
You are usually spot on, but this time video got tiring, didnt do any of your usual song changes and jokes that make a break happen
I can't wait for the Rune Level 1 guide😩
pro editor
Miyazaki to his staff after watch this video,: write that down, write that down!
Here are a couple tips Ymfah, you can backstep while facing the camera in lava and bloodrot areas (it's much faster than rolling or jumping), in volcano manor where you pick up somber stone 6 - climb up the ladder nearby and make an easy 75° jump to the side balcony for a much better and easier to get bonfire. And after killing Godrick and dying or winning in pvp 3 times, you can get +10 at Moghwyns Palace through Varres quest
Try as they might but they can't stop this man, he is perk performance in all things
That intro is totally a Giant Dad reference!
Beautiful photography Yeap, i see those things, no matter xdddd GG 2EZ
You should include some end game bosses in the video to see how overpower really his
I like to call the dragon "midgamesormr"
Come to Brazil, or Brazil will come to you
So you can first person aim bow weapon arts by entering first person aiming first then pressing l2 makes hitting moving targets easier than lock on
Величайший камбек
Lookinh forward to destroying a bunch of noobs using this in PvP
Lmao, Loved it even if it's gets patched, Ymfah has backup plans.
An Unwavering Belief indeed...
Miyazaki never checks their support team forums, he is subscribed to ymfah.
Cheese Souls : The Return
Ymfah just gave FromSoft the list of early overpowered weapons at the end, lol
Jesus hes not stopping
Your editing is god tier
We shall remember this.
Intresting
RIP Sword of Night and Flame, we will remember your sacrifice forever and always…
You can also cheese that dragon on the bridge if you go up onto the cliff next to it and use bleed arrows.
I've been looking forward to this
"Seja enviado para o Brasil" got me good
Sorry I’m late
I'm now OP at Elden Ring.  What I need now is just the game...
Patch notes 1.04: -Nerfed Death's Poker damage
If go a bit more should get +10 really easy.
First video I saw about Elden Ring Seems pretty easy
The real hero of the souls series
GG!
Ah good you brought back the gravity rush music
Ive been waiting for 😍 nice
I just wanna say DAAAAMN
Amazing
Ymfah please i don't care if it shit content just upload more videos you game play is realy good ok
Wtfff "seja enviado para o Brasil" que porra é essa mane?/wtf is this man?
Should be noted that godskin cheese can be done for an additional free 50k. Still works in 1.03!
You can also get an easy plus 10 just do whist masks quest until you can go to mohgs area and in the chest by the moms point grace will have one :)
Just so you know, incase if the build gets nerfed he is going to do another build which you could see in the ending of the video with the list of weapons
Oh man, I can't wait for the challenge runs to come out
Jetstream Sam conquers Elden Ring, Senator Armstrong was Horax Loux all along?!
giant dad refrence
Nerf ahead
You're only telling me this after I've just beaten the game. On a *Strength build* no less? I like your funny words, magic slav.
-Makes an intro referencing the Legend -Levels Dex Wot
First
I know what I'm doing when I get home
As a Brazilian I can confirm the Greyoll’s Dragonbarrow was inspired by São Paulo, Brasil.
1:46 LUL Clever. Sagaz.
*burnt to death by blackflame in just three hits last words are: "I shall remember thee, smoldering with thy meagre flame..."  Literally the sobbing wojack with a happy mask on meme, Miyazaki edition
COME TO BRAZIL
Elden ring developers enjoying their weekend. Suddenly their phone ring with the notification of YouTube "ymfah published a new video !"... You monster !
Iv'e don't expected the "you are going to brazil"
Hope From won't see this video
do nada um seja enviado para o brasil, do nada
1:10 giant dad !!
Ah yes, the pimp cane
Idk bro u missed a lot of things but otherwise good vid!💪
Fantastic opening, reminds me of a true legend.
Nice.
thank you for the video
Can’t wait for the how to be OP early 1.04 patch
0:01 good times :,D
Bandai & From Soft: “We’re nerfing Night and Flame because it was too OP”   Ymfah: _wot patch you got bitch?_
Elden ring is balanced because everything is broken
My man DOESN'T MISS!! 🤣👏👏
The death BIRD can't reach when you're high up bruh
Another one.... and Another one.... and Another one
I thought you were going to master key skip into Best Town from the bgm music for a second
You’re editing is the most top level shit I have ever seen
even more breaking? alright i'm in
Baller
My guy is out here playing Ghosts of Elden ring
Just wanted to say that the inclusion of Gravity Rush music makes this even more based.
Elden Ring players before ymfah uploads: _I'm too weak_  Elden Ring Players after ymfah uploads: *Unlimited power!*
"seja enviado para o Brasil" finaly my brazilian spirit can rest.
This video is like a combination of OG ymfah and New ymfah wrapped up into 1 video! Real nice to hear Gravity Rush again!
Nice
Once more.
Legends never die
The legend never dies!
That opening... LEGENDS NEVER DIE
Nobody mentioned the intro was a throwback to the Giantdad video.
amazing video as always cant wait for the "how to make a ... only build" ahahahah
Ymfah delivers YET AGAIN!
lmao never been this early before. Nice
Here we go!
Cheers!
Giant dad? When?
I love you
lord ymfah is back again with another one nice tutorial and still funny as ever
Love the He's Back reference at the beginning
This new Metal Gear Rising 2 Jetstream Sam dlc looking wild
I’ll just say this before it inevitably happens            This is op but will likely end up with the same fate as the sword of night and flame
Excellent
next pacific elden ring
was reading an article that minority said elden ring is too hard. and milord ymfah post this. comedic timing.
One of the things I was the most expected about was watching all these challenge and cheese videos about Elden ring after finally playing it. We are going to have a great time these next years.
nice
can't wait until this gets nerfed in 1.04
The giant dad music at the beginning FeelsStrongMan
Ah shit, here we go again
Oh shi* ymfah is here i need to click this vid RIGHT NOW!
64 views with 269 likes, lets go!
phenomenal
YESS
RIP in peace for my boy Sword og night and flame...
you madman you have done it again
Everyone always tries to replicate Giant Dad, but no one is truly capable of harnessing the power of the Legend.
Rest in spaghetti, never forgetti...
Bro its so cool that ive predicted the most routs
Hehe boi
THE MADMAN HAS RETURNED WITH A PART 2!!!
RIP sword of Night and Flame
Oh boy ! I sure can't wait to get overpowered early in Elden Ring 1.03 ! Thank you very much ymfah !
Damn these intros are amazing every time. Thanks for great content!
Goddamit shits gonna get nerfed again in the next update 🤣
This litteraly Just came out lol
New ymfah video and it's only been 2 weeks?? Thank you Elden Ring
I don't even play Elden Ring, but ynfah's notification about it made me happy.
THANK YOU
yeaaa baby thats what ive been waiting for
Bro, ymfah, when are you gonna make a Dark Souls 3 beginner's guide? Been waiting for that for a long time... Idk how to attack
God dame man
Ayo never was so early 🔥🔥🔥
just as i was about to go to bed. thank you ymfah
The throwback to the flipping Havel moms. I love it lol
대세는 쌍곡도 쌍특대 내려찍기거늘!
i love these video
Thanks, now I can finally beat soldier of godrick
This is good. This is so good
Thank you ymfah
And he does it again
Wooo more Elden ring breakage
Who’s the Dung Eater now?
Mfs be like First
I have never been this early to a video, them notifications on fleek rn!
Dog
Meanwhile miyazaki watching ymfah videos…
LEGEND IS BACKKK
Rip Night and Flame.
first
YES! YES! YES! DESTROY THAT GAME AS WELL!
lol so fast
haven't seen the vid but it better not be moonveil
Let the battle begin
Epic video
Thank you, you are the bests
Finally
hi
Let's do it
6th
LESS GOO
Second oof
Back at it again what a chad
Yay
He fucking did it again
yoooo my man was waiting a long time for an upload, you've made my day thank you :)
Rip hoardfrost stomp
hi
VERY GOOD
Cool
Second
Second
nice
Damn, that was fast.
ITS TIME
first lol  Edit: just finished the video, great quality as always
More optimized, and an optional +9 setup included. Discussion thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/ymfah/comments/tijw8g/thread_how_to_be_overpowered_early_in_elden_ring/? Full playthrough : https://youtu.be/ySENxb2Uju8
