not true about Italy least diversity. We have so many ethnic groups illegally coming in + expats either already  living  there or applying for residency that many cannot afford to rent or buy and others had to move. There aren’t enough young people who can go to college as the cost is high and they often take care of aging parents too. The worst is by far bureaucracy and extremely  low retirement pensions
Austria’s art schools don’t have a high enough acceptance rate for their aspiring painters.
UK : worst food cuisine
Trust me- Belarus has Europe’s lowest life expectancy. Men in Belarus has a life expectancy of 65 years- and is actually lower than Ukraine. Not only that, Belarus has the least amount of men per capita in Europe- there’s only 0.87 men for every 1 woman. This is just as low as Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia. Belarus also has Europe’s lowest birth rate- only 1.2 children for every one woman.
«Estonia is the least religious country in the world» — I don't think it's something bad
"Expats" lmao
Austria is the worst at nor making world wars
Two of my cousins are tourists- and they have visited a considerable number of countries in Europe:   - Spain - England - Iceland - Greece - Sweden - Norway - Denmark - Estonia (maybe???) - Italy - Germany
Azerbaijan in Europe??? Not in the Europe i live in.
these subtitles are really inaccurate
Austria literally gave birth to Adolf Hitler
All of what you listed is partially correct. So the US looks at Europe and thinks they are superior. However..Europe is also your homeland. A lot of you are drawn by your roots from Europe..History is changing. Many states that are now "weak".. were once empires, kingdoms. In addition to this bad, there is also a lot of good.
Austria — Xenofobia
What is that on the screen chocolate ice cream
Estonia being the LEAST religious place is considered negative? lol how is actually engaging with reality and rejecting outright lies written by hopelessly ignorant men supposed to be a bad thing?
Austrians are the worst at getting into art schools.
That Andorra smoking stat is mind-boggling...
austria has the worst painters
Greece is the most charitable country but many are very poor.
Austria has the most evil artist of all time
Italy with the least cultural diversity☠️ and it is also one of the countries that is growing the most in Europe
Viewing religion as the bane of humanity, as I do, I see Estonia's lack of religiosity making them the best, not worst, in category. They are the freest of religious BS.
glad that Estonia is Atheist or else there would be too much conflict
Austria is the worst in Europe at being the birth place for Hitlers.
Since when is Armenia in Europe???
As an Azerbaijani, I think vehicle ownership rates are improving by now
Bro it's not Bulgaria's fault they are the poorest EU member, they have been slapped around by the Romans, Byzantines, Mongols, Ottomans, Greeks, Germans and Russians for centuries so they haven't had much oppurtunity for them to make ends meet
Austria is worst at winning wars they started
I don't see drinking the most beer in the world being bad. On a contrary!
I don't see how Albabia never receiving a McDonalds can be put on a list of "bad things" about a country
Hun king👑
1:40 passing art school💀💀💀🙋‍♂️
austria is worst at keeping their failed art students sane
“Kazahkstan has the least cultural influence” Memes: “Oh, I don’t think so”
Since a lot of people here are making world war jokes: Italy is the worst at keeping their friendships with Germany.
Czechia :  "oh noooo"
4:59 that's actually a good thing, because it allows for less religious fights/discussions and for more unbiased scientific research
Austrians are the worst in painting.
Austria is the worst country at being the worst at something.
those "breakaway states" are basically Georgian land occupied by russia Abkhazia for see and samachablo for mountains
My birth country "Romania" always wins.  Great wifi prices. Better tasting food and great weather.   Sorry Canada. Shame on you.  Facts
Good video! However, Finland being the world's happiest nation is not something that they are worst at, because 'worst' implies bad.
Austria is the worst at not getting annexed by Germany as whell as having lots of dictators
The Ireland Cancer thing is because of the hole in the Ozone that hovers over it
Well I know one there bad at accepting mediocre painters
Austrians are worst at being the worst at things.
3:03 Switzerland looks like an angry fish
Austria has the highest rate of school bullying not just in Europe, but in the whole world
Captions should be English, not Vietnamese.
Being the least religious sounds like a good thing?
andorra's tobacco consumption is greatly inflated due to visitors from spain and france buying tobacco on visits. because andorra isn't in the e.u., there's no minimum excise tax on tobacco products
I'm not sure not having a McDonalds is a bad thing.
Today you learned Armenia and Azerbaijan isn't european, what the fuck dude? I guess Peru is north american?
Austria is the worst at preventing world wars
im probably gonna die of cancer
The land gendering is pretty annoying...
Austria has the worst painters
Macedonia
My guy failed to find what Czechia is worst at, so he just put what they're best at and thought we wouldnt notice
As a German I hereby challenge Cyprus about the internet speed thing. This cannot possibly be true. If internet in Germany was any slower than it is, you could just as well switch back to postal and cd.
Slovenia: money laundering heaven.
Why don't you make a video about US cities beginning with Philadelphia' s Kensington district
The Kazakh language belongs to the European languages. In continental Europe, Kazakhstan has only 15 percent. 25 percent of the population with European appearance, mostly Russians. Religion is the same as in Turkey, and in general they are mentally similar. The country was heavily influenced by Russia, and now China. Europe does not affect Kazakhstan, and there are no European institutions there. European countries mainly take oil, uranium, rare metals, etc. from there.
Kosovo is serbia not a country
I feel like these videos should talk about the UK as separate countries, they're all pretty different despite how much they have in common
Well, Bulgaria is the poorest country in EU.There will always be a poorest country in EU.
I think Estonia have only one Worst. Been less religious is actualy a good thing.
I guess Poland isn't in Europe XDDDD
I am so frustrated by what you said about Greece that im gonna light a cig to calm my nerves!
Least religious country is a W tho
Austria, Worst at not starting world wars
The big strain on the social support in France you mentioned isn't due to children or the elderly, it's due to illegal immigrants. Just think about it, illegal immigrants come with no money to france meaning the government gives them money to survive, then, many of them make large amounts of children too which also costs money to the government.  If France were all middle class families, the elderly and the children wouldn't need to rely on government money, but the illegal immigrants are often dirt poor, come in huge amounts to france, and make lots of children. This is were the social aid goes too.
90% FAKE most of your information is inaccurate after a research i did to confirm, but in other of your own videos you mention the same facts like what country is smoking the most to other countries etc. Unsubscribing !
least amount of religious ppl is not a bad thing (see for instance the negative/intolerant impact of islam in all the countries this ideology is part of)
Least religious isn’t really a bad thing 5:00
Bro I'm Bulgarien person you tell me tet bugeria is de poorest country in de EU you're heartless person 😢Bulgaria is a really good country end rich country
Затворете безмитните магазини в Андора за да не купуват Испанци и Французи в уикендите и продажбите на цигари ще спаданат.А според СЗО най много алкохол (чист) на глава се пие в Молдова 15,2 литра.Литва 15,0 лт. Чехия 14,4 лт. Беларус е на 26 място в света  с 11,2 лт. Данните са от 2016 година.
1:39 austrians are the worst at painting. we found this out in 1933.
Bulgaria is worst
Belgium: Worst at preventing themselves from being steamrolled by German divisions.  Denmark: Worst at fighting wars (they surrendered in six hours in 1940)  Germany: Worst at preventing world wars.
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership sounds like a plus to me, and so is the least amount of religious people.
In Finland we open our wrists but with a smile on our face so we are a bit like Joker as an nation :D
Where is Latvia, Lithuania, ?
Austria is really bad for young smokers
Austria is worst at not starting world wars and Slovenia is worst at not being confused with Slovakia
Austria would be like the countries of German's who don't want be German
Austria is the worst at creating ww1 artists
Hungary Spirit of nacism and shovinism is still here. The worst airport is by far Franc List 2 in Budapest. When leaving the country, we suffered the worst possible mistreatment and chauvinism, when the employee recognized that we were from Serbia, she waited for my wife to put the things in the container, ran up while the things were moving, and ordered her to take off the new shoes and put them in the new the dish. She said that it was a thick platform and that there could be a bomb there. We were in shock and didn't have time to react. It was good that we didn't react, they already had an arrest ready. My wife ran 60 meters to the other end and I brought her shoes. Three meters away from us was another employee who watched us closely while we were looking for clean socks to wear over the dirty ones so as not to ruin our new shoes. I will mention that it could only fit a smaller box of matches, 4.5cm x 3cm x 1cm, maybe 5 grams of explosives. Of course, the only sin was that we were from Serbia, which the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy attacked in the First World War and killed 28 percent of the entire population, women and children, and 62 percent of that was the male population. When my wife was getting up, an aggressive hand with a belt appeared and pushed me away and closed access to the chair. Then we escaped the second arrest. That second employee was informed by the first that we are from Serbia. We passed through the fenced area, the belt closed behind us. there was only one passenger in front of us who was examined at passport control in 10 seconds. When it was our turn, the officer was checking something for 4 minutes. Since I am extremely tall, he knew that I was from Serbia. After 4 minutes, when he saw what we were doing, that we didn't have any crime, that we weren't criminally prosecuted and so on, he picked up the folded passports and handed them to the counter. I thanked him, and he looked at me with an endless expression of hatred and put the passports down. Then we felt fear. We were only in a large room. I pretended that everything was fine. I looked "disinterestedly" into the transparent glass, looking back I didn't see anyone behind us. After 8 minutes, since we didn't react, he picked up the passports again. There we avoided the third arrest, since we didn't react. We passed and arrived at our gate, where there were only two other passengers. we logged in to the internet, using our names as they ask for at the airport, and we were there for about 10 minutes. Then the system crashed. we tried to log in again. They kept asking us to log in again. At the gate next to ours, everyone was on the Internet without any problems. We realized that they were making fun of us since they turned off our bus after they found our names and that we shouldn't complain otherwise... the moment we got off the gate there were three of us on the bus. Suddenly after 2 minutes, another 67 Hungarians got off. The bus started quickly, arrived at the ATR-72 plane, we quickly got on board in 5 minutes, and in 5 minutes with the safety procedure, quickly left the runway, quickly took off, so as not to be late, while changing the engine three times sound on takeoff and that was it. The stewardess told us that the plane had been waiting on the runway for 40 minutes without any reason and that they didn't understand anything. What we experienced as Serbs, oh chauvinism, was nothing compared to what the Jews who returned to Jerusalem experienced. Namely, they were in the part of the airport 80 meters apart from the other counters in the part for special harassment. There were closed passages, with strong police forces and a police dog. And there was only a big queue. Until 1944, the population of Budapest had about 23 percent Jewish population, during 3 months, 560 thousand Jews were killed under the chain bridge on the Danube, and most of them were taken to the Auschwitz camp, where they were mostly killed within a few days. That is why they return to their holy places every year, and the Hungarians remind them when they leave that they have nothing to look for in Hungary. So. In its roots, Hungary still lives under the spirit of Nazism and chauvinism. But not everything is so black, says terminal 2a, where their proven friends Lufthansa and others, as well as private planes, have a completely different treatment.
Turns out European countries, though mainly portrayed in a nice way by the media, also have their own drawbacks.
UK: Worst at Brexit
Worst things about Austria.  The country...?  Nothing.  The People...?   Ask a German.   Or a Hungarian.
I live is BELGUIM
Where is Spain ?
Armenia and Azerbajain are not consider Europe. You must be from Fifa.
Russia started ww2. Never forget molotov aggreement
Estonia is were i live
There is no such thing as pay cap in Estonia, lol, must be mentally retarded to believe that. If men choose to take jobs that pay more then yea they make more. Religion part is true tough.
Austria: Racism!
austria is the worst at accepting artists into art school
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Isn't Armenia clearly in Asia? : D
I was in cyprus the internet speed in the hotels was not that bad
I did a bit of research and Belgium having these high Covid deathrates has everything to do with their counting system, which was more likely to count a death as caused by covid than other counting systems. All while not caring about how the numbers would look worldwide. A lot of countries count in either a sloppy way, or just false entirely to keep up good appearances.
As an Austrian who has been abroad a lot I can truly say: We live life on easy mode ... which maybe makes us the worst at being cool and innovative. If you want to find anything... cause yeah we are comfortable but damn people are quite backwards and introverted and constantly complaining here even in high profile companies...
Austria may not be the worst at anything, but they are the best at being mistaken for Australia
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership in Azerbaijan really would be a win if they had good alternatives
Austria: WW1, WW2 - Slovenia: Femboys
Why is having a death penalty a bad thing. Lots of modern countries have them such as Singapore and Japan. Live by the sword die by the sword
ARMENIA AND AZERBAIJAN IS NOT EUROPEAN
France also has the highest rate of men fathering children who are not bioogicially theres...since DNA tests for fathers are illegal
Romania left the chat
england also has the worst food in europe, and one of the worst in the world
austria is worst at painting
Armenia is not in Europe wtf
Italy BASED
Wow i thought we were bad at something -_-
Austria has the lowest number of art school graduates per capital in Europe and SLovenia has the highest number of femboys per capital in Europe
Too much concern about cigarretes, but you consider using cannabis a "best" ? Replace that by "financing crime" and check how it sounds
Austria is the worst at producing fascist dictators
I don't like sunshine so least amount of sunshine is good
looking for the time stamp dude in the cooments
how is armenia and azerbaijan in europe
Meanwhile Italy who invented homework: "Uhh, It was Russia BWAAH THEY INVADED UKRAINE BWAAAAAAH!!!!😭😭😭😭 NATO PLS HELPPPPP😭😭😭😭"
Where was the UK on the list. We left the EU, but we’re still in Europe lol
Austrians are the worst at getting the blame in both world wars. Austria began ww1 and an austrian painter began ww2
Slovenia happens to have the most beautiful women in the world, the nicest people, and most picturesque. Culture and music are wonderful. BUT... Slovene is a very difficult language for a foreigner to learn.
Belgium counted everyone who died of an unknown lung condition as covid deaths during the crisis, whereas most countries didn't count anyone but absolute confimed covid deaths so that statistic is iffy
as a person living right next to austria i can confirm that austria has no bad things about it
Iceland technically has the lowest volume of rail passengers in Europe. We do not have trains.
Not true. Google the most deppressed countries 2023.  The most deppressed countries are The 1st Greece, the second Spain and the 3rd Portugal.  Finland is the 24 the place in The world. The 25th is Ireland and the 26th  Sweden.
Austria has people that walk very slow.
How is the fact that Estonia is not religious bad ?
5:00 That's not a bad thing
Being the most militarized society in Europe, it’s no wonder the country is called *Arm*enia
France has the highest dependency ratio in Europe today because they're the only ones who actually have children. The other countries are filled with old people
Regarding Estonia being the least religious country in the world, why is this in a list of things the country is bad at? I imagine most Estonians would argue it's a good thing ;)
Azerbaijan, Armenia, Turkey, these are Middle eastern or Asian countries, not European. Europe ends at the Bosporus straits.
Austria  is  flat in north with in south with italy so suprepowers can invade them anytime.also 16th least amountbof doctors.
Hey, hey! I will dislike if you dont like Europe! Im in it!
When I wanted to Go to church...                                      .                                            ... I was sick...
Bruh...
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
i mean least religious country is a benefit something they are best at not worst at…
austrians are the most unfriendly people nr 1 most years
Austria is the least friendly country in Europe according to InterNations
Austria being worse at starting world wars
i dont think that not many people owning cars is good sooo
I am from Belarus. I can not confirm anything from Belarus because KGB is watching. (Ye we also still have KGB)
Nazism was born in Austria
So, Finland how do you feel? finland: *YES*
once a german came to my country on vacation and was surprised that we wore shoes, had buildings and cars... i'm from argentina by the way regards
Austra is the worst at art schools
“Estonia has the highest gender pay gap” probably blown out of proportion
Austrians are the worst at painting but the best at pursuing other successful careers after
Turkey: *crying noises*
I think Slovenia is the worst at not educating foreigners who want free university ;)
I'm from Belgium and I didn't even know we were so much affected by Covid-19. Very informational video!
Austria is the country with the most youth smokers
Didn't realize Kazakhstan was in Europe
Austria is the worst at having people be accepted into art school
It s europe All useless in everything, thats basic rule  Greece is best at getting help. So they won.
Austria is worst at being Bad 🤣
Andorra doesn't have a smoking problem. They have very little VAT tax so thousands of french and spanish ourists go there every day to buy many goods such as alcohol and cigarettes.
Austria having a skinny moustache man
According to Borat Kazakhstan has the worst Jew problem in the world
1:30 some people don’t know this but technically Armenia isn’t part of Europe but Georgia and Azerbaijan are which I find weird because technically Kazakhstan is part of europe
Is this offending or are you telling us this
Austria sucks. You need a license for everything there. Including playing golf. Very nazi.
Azerbaijan ?
Estonia: Least religious country in the world  Me, an atheist: Is that a bad thing?
Offensive
Finnish people must be bipolar lol
Why was he calling the countries “she” lol
The least amount of religion isn't a bad thing
So if you’re not happy in Finland you’re depressed
Kazakhstan, Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan are NOT in europe. (thought you were good at geography).
Least religious isn’t a con….
1:38 hitler
Dude is little confused about Czechia
Son: “Uhm dad how did WWIII start?” Real life lore: “lets not talk about that”
austria is the worst at being the worst
why you dont highlight all islands of greece but if is ward to do on edit or sm else ok because triggers me greeks peoples lol
it's worse that a country don't have McDonald's nowadays? lol
Man just said Armenia Kazakhstan Georgia and Azerbaijan are countries in Europe Geography 69/420
yeah i dont recognize or taiwan but i defenetly recognize palestine
About Andorra and the smoking problem...those are just statistics. Reality is: everyone BUYS their tobacco when visiting the country because is tax free.
Italy has probably the lowest rate of college graduation but dude we're definitely not the least culturally diversed country in europe, actually we might even be the most diversed tbh. If you take into account that the sicilian population are of Northafrica/Arabic/North Barbarian/Greek descendance and that the northern regions have mostly germanic roots italy can't really be seen as a culturally monotonous country
You forgot some countries
Austria started 2 wars. Germany lost both. Same with Austria
All of them are the worst at not starting major military conflicts throughout history.
I actually believe that Austria is so small and boring that only the citizens themselves know the flaws of their own city, but the others countries just don't care
There is a serious personal hygiene problem in Europe.
Albania have 4 Aiport
I live in slovlenia But That means That we arent worst in anything
This does not surprise me now that so many are in Germany without a permanent residence. After all, in recent years, everyone has moved into a camper van with money and travels around the world!🤣🤣🤣Btw;I'm in Iceland with my camper right now!
Im albanian :)
Im australian and even though i think europe sucks because it has expensive money.for example take britain its just horrible
Austria has the highest jew death rate in the world
Bro all the countries are The Best Not worse Just Like the Poor italy its not good making videos like these :(
Germany having the highest rate of homeless people is quite ironic. Cause you don't have to be homeless there.  The social system theoretically provides you with money and a place to stay at. However, this bound to a few rules and regulations related to drug use, alcohol consumption etc.  Also, in order to get money or a place to stay at, you have to do a bit of paperwork (and, at least for the money, be a citizen). It's not too hard, but many rather live on the street.
5:24 Because the other 93% are optimistic
You may be getting Andorra wrong. French and Spanish smokers come in droves to buy tax-free cigarettes.
Russia is great at violating human rights
I am angry because you added Croatia
once i ve seen that cosheep 19 crap about Belgium im done with this video\channel
austria is worst at convincing you to leave vienna
austria is the worst at being bad
slay lol
Estonia with least religious is good. :)
Lesgoo so does that mean that Austria and Slovenia are the best countries in Europe?
Since when was Armenia a country in europe???
"Estonia is the least religious  country." But is it a weakness? You kidding? It is just a dream, man!
greece has also the worst education system in europe
Why is least religious bad???
it is eazy to make frendes in denmark
why does he say „she“ for a country lmao 😂
Estonian religion scarcity is not in my opinion a disadvantage
Azerbaijan and Georgia are NOT in Europe but are both in Asia
Death penalty isn't bad. Stop forcing your stupid shit here, be objective atleast. How is being non-religious bad? lol
The way of the finnish people being depressed is being happy.
Guess Lithuania is SSS+++++++ bc it's not on the board
Russia is technically in Europe??
how dare you... how could you... why? Why is SARDINIA not white when it comes to Italy? This is an inconceivable serious error. I say as Italian and I live in Sardinia and it is the first thing I saw. nice video :) however I don’t think we are very different culturally 😶
Belgium, unfortunate enough to live there, worst public transport system in Europe, worst weather,  worst airports :) Ok for holidays but not to live here
Inaccurate, not quite the info but more the map 1:51 you forgot the Azerbaijani exclave and plus Azerbaijan and Armenia technically aren’t in europe europe
i live in kazakhstan and this fact is sad
As a Bulgarian i find this a bit offensive
How death penalty still in place is negative?
I think austria is the worst at art
Don’t add sardinia to Italy, that is a personal attack my friend.
Austria has the worst human ever born in.
Austrians are the worst German speakers
As an austrian, I think we are bad at art.
Finland is the happiest country becouse depressed people kill themself...
The Finn suicide thing is actually based on the 60's and 70's, and that was due to the lack of natural light that caused a disorder that I can't think of right now. Today, they have an absolutely average suicide rate.
Estonia is just the chad country we all needed. Sometimes religions can affect a whole life. I once had a muslim classmate from Morocco (I'm from Spain), and boy they sure we're really serious about it. I'm atheist and don't find religions necessary. Neither does my entire family. And that helps me express myself as the person I am, without supporting any type of god. If you like being religious, okay, do your thing. Just don't use it to make up excuses with it, as my classmate did.
Austria: Starting world wars and never winning them. (Also blames all of them on Germany)
No one noticed that he forgot Sardinia for Italy, same for Corsica of France
I'm From austria
The "happiest country in the world" algorithm is base on social benefits and standard of living. It never asked a Finn if they were happy.
so many people in finland are depressed since it's cloudy and almost dark everyday from october to march
Serbia is the worst at not doing war crimes
As a belgian, i'm impressed to just witness that Belgium is only bad with handling coronavirus
I don’t see who not being worst at stuff is bad to me it’s good
Lol Russia is perfect
Turn on Closed captions lol
Andora doesn't have a smoking problem, it's just that it doesn't have taxes on tabacco. French and Spaniards buy a year worth of cigarettes there when they cross the frontier.
im from denmark
Uk is worst at having nice people
british: “ i can’t, i can’t resist the urge to colonise”
hungary: most underage smokers. just go to tulipán tér. you will see
Offfff its ok but you still didnt tell about slovenia
why is it bad to have no religeon
for austria, its probably that painter in ww2
Austria has the worst German accent in the world
why still having the death penalty would be considered something bad?
Czechia... hold on... do you present our biggest strength as our biggest weakness? People here are pretty proud of that first place :-D
Andorra has low tabaco taxes... people are going there abroad to buy it. Your numbers might be skewed :-)
The uk is worst at not invading places
Vatican is worst
Estonia may be least religious, but Czechia is most atheistic. Best thing communists did.
Austria is really bad at winning world wars.
You called Bulgaria a girl
5:04 i agree, not sure if that's really a problem
5:03 isn’t china the least religious?
If you have a higher paying job then you will earn more. Many estonian families have guys who earn alot for their entire family so the wife wouldn't have to get a job because she can live off of what he earns. And once the guy divorces his wife who didn't ever have a job because she chose to just stay at home with the kids the wife usually starts looking for a first job. And if the wife did have a job she probably didn't have to really do anything at the job since even if she got fired the husband could still take care of the entire family.
No, Italy has the highest unemployed rate because of the south that is very unemployed
Iceland and cannabis? Huh🤔🤔🤔🤔
OK ok, but Kazakhstan, Georgia and Azerbaijan isnt in Europe XD
As a Hungarian, I thought you would have a 10 hours list of things we've worst at, seems like I was wrong..... thankfully
Italy has a low percentage of graduates because many prefer to study abroad, or move out of Italy straight after graduating in order to get a higher salary in countries as Switzerland, Austria, Norway, Germany, Uk ect....Not trying to defend Italy here, it's just sad that young graduates (myself included) have to migrate in order to get compensated adequately to their degree
Really? Do we REAAAAAAALY don't know what Austria is worst at?
Austria is the worst at finding what they are worst at
I  think arememia and Azerbaijani are Asian
Where is the uk
austria's weakness: GERMANY
6:09 This is a translation issue. Around 45 000 are "obdachlos" and 650 000 are "wohnungslos". Both "wohnungslos" and "obdachlos" mean homeless in English but only obdachlos means homeless as English speaking people know it, like living on the street. Wohnungslos means "being without your own accomodation". Those people live with friends or family but are not considered in a legal contract of this accomodation. So they can be kicked out by them at any time. That makes them vulnerable and that's why Germany is counting them in statistics. But again, "only" ~45 000 are living on the streets (still a bad number). BTW, I was wohnungslos myself for 8 months when studying because I was moving and couldn't find accomodation around the university that quickly. So I stayed at a friends house. Had a great time there but was still part of the statistics.
I don't think any of us were surprised at the France fact.
1:36 Well, Bad Mustache man is from Austria, so...
Austria has the best failed artists
Austria produces KTM motorcycles. The worst machines on 2 wheels for reliability and durability.
latvia has the largest decrease in population in percent
Armenia azerbaijan and Georgia is not a part of Europe
Austria has a ton of conspiracy theorists and some pretty instable politics. The last time a chancellor finished their term, was in 2012, ever since then some controversy made them resign. And recently we had 3 different chancellor's in one month, without the vice chancellor getting appointed once.
Quite some countries mentioned in this video are NOT considered European countries like Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia.  Are you getting your lists from the eurovision song contest?
3:32 *in the world
6:31 | You Missed Some Greek Islands Here...
France is the worst at having a good government
Thats why i don’t have friends i live i denmark yea thats totally why…
HAHA JOKES ON YOU REST OF EUROPE! WE GERMANS HAVE ZHE EUROPE PARK!
A little disclaimer to the fact about Germany. In 2020 when this video was uploaded were 417k people homeless, not 650k. Also from these 417k people 161k people were refugees that came to Germany and lived in refugee "camps" which were mostly containerhomes or houses lend to them by the Government.
Without even watching the video I can easily say that Lithuania is worst at living...
4:32 That's what we're the BEST in!!!
Austria the place with the least ugly nature in EU
UK and Northern Ireland seems they were taught the foul language there. Every second word is, F B C. Even in a general mobile phone conversation, in stores, chatting on the street. Its not just youngsters, it teens, middle aged and advanced years. What! has happened to most of the society today? The need to sit back and just listen to themselves. I guess it speaks a lot about a person. Oh and even the way some parents speak to the children! What a society. That includes the football thugs too. No wonder the UK is the pits.
Underaged smoking - data insufficient. I'm pretty sure more than 5% of underaged Estonians smoke at least one sigaret per day.
Is least amount of religion a bad thing or a good thing?
Austria is bad in accepting that it's a prepetrator not a Victim of WWII
Italy is the worst at have some decent politican
Wait a second, Estonia being the least religious country in the worlds makes it the worst?! WTF?!
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
I loved you don't included Sardinia in Italy XD it's some kind of a joke here
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
What, about Germany this isn't true!
austria is the worst at not collapsing in WW1
I don't know if this still holds but Greece traditionally has also had - by far - the most labour strikes than any other European country.
I think this is the WORST video in this yt channel ..... We in Czechia are not the WORST in drinking beer but the BEST in drinking beer 💪💪💪😎🙂🍺🍺🍺
shut up slovenia is the best
How are Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe
There are plenty of countries in this list that I wouldn’t even consider Europe
But we are proud of it (Czechia).
Finland the paradoxon lol
this was on my bday lol
Why is "highest consumption of beer" considered a negative? Beer is just liquid bread with a bit of fun added in.
I personally think that Estonia’s low religious community isn’t a generally bad thing.
Greece is the least generous?? Have you ever been to Greece this is nonsense
Is turkey that occupies 40% of Cyprus, not northern republic of turkish cyprus, since no country with this name exists or is recognised by the UN or another country, except turkey.
Estonia being non-religious is a good thing imo.
austria is the worst at naming villages,have you ever heard of the village in austri that is named "fucking" and the school there is named "fucking school"
As a German I'd also like to add that our bureaucracy system is nuts. For every single nonsense we have like 20 forms to fill out. Ever watched "The 12 tasks of Asterix"?  Just let me summorise our nonsense with "Permit A38" :P
Estonia looks fine to me...
Not being religious is not bad.
I know I’m late but Germany is also terrible at winning world wars
my austrian friend is bad at getting unlucky, yes he cant ever seem to get unlucky
italy isnt actually that bad lol   EDIT: well other than tons of corruption
Estonia is the least religious country in Europe? Good for them! That's a good not a bad thing!
As a Czech citizen, I don't understand how being the least religious country is bad.
You should have realized the Andorra 17 cigarettes per day statistic is bullshit, I mean, read through the lines... it's a small tax-free country, everyone buys cigarettes from there - they don't smoke themselves. :) Same with Serbia, Macedonia, cheap countries. Beautiful places but when you see the prices you get some contraband urges. And also Austria - nothing they are bad at? Well after giving the world H!tler, they had to recover! :P the Terminator is cool but certainly doesn't compare.
Death penalty still in place, that makes it better
I want to say a thing to the  people who cry for "why you added Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia as European countries"  Don't worry guys we don't consider ourselves as European.. being European isn't a thing..we are Caucasian..
Finland is the worst at existing
Me as a Dane waiting for our turn Me: "Oh just that.. We knew that xD "
How is Azerbaijan in Europe?
Oooo! I know Austria  is the worst at not starting world wars and then placing the blame on its Allies
Armenia has the least powerful passport and also they are the most angry people and agressive in Europe
4:57 "gender pay gap" ... it's been debunked for decade, stop with this. Less women work, less woman do dangerous jobs etc etc
Where is Poland ?
one thing about andorra is that the tabacco is cheaper than in spain so a lot of people go there to buy it :)
What Americans are worst at: political polarization, option to surrender fundamental rights given by constitution, gun violence, higher rate of incarcerations and behind bar slavery, scams of all kind, identity theft, junk fees, work place burn out……..🤣
Are you sure that Kosovo is the least recognized European country? What about Transnistria? Or Sealand? How do you even narrow that down? My backyard is the least recognized country of Europe! Not even I recognize it as a country! XD
I count "Least religious country in the world" (Estonia) as a huge plus, though.
Too many people approach Germany with the idea of social welfare and asyl. Doesn't work that well anymore. Far to few flats as well for all that like to live here.
I think albania gets a plus from the no macdonalds thing.
Nearly none of this was right
Slovenia is worst at being a big country. This is coming from a fellow slav neighbour.
Serbia = being liked
Armenia and Ajerbaijan, Kazahkstan in Europe? Why not say that China is in Africa then? Maybe the USA are in Asia or what?
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is an absolute win!
Austria is worst at producing painters. Or at least the worst painter.
You’re NA, aren’t you? 😂
Least religious country has to be a win.
Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan are in Europe now? What’s next, India?
Austria has the most people who started a world war: 2.
link to part 2
*Germany has the least google streat view😸
I was looking forward to discover this video after reading the title but there are just so many things wrong with it. 1) The countries choices: Sad that it is not including Austria & Slovenia. Kazakhstan has never been included in any Europe related topic. Turkey, Georgia, Armenia & Azerbaijan are already not always included based on who you ask or how you define Europe as a continent but surely Kazakhstan should not be included. And if the only criteria is having some land in Europe defined territory, than Cyprus won't be included. 2) Some facts are incoherent: Many have already been explained in other comments but Andorra is not smoking so many cigarettes, you can't blame Greece for having the lowest charity after saying they have the highest debt, Bulgaria was compared with EU countries which is not all European countries and how is having the highest percentage of kids and elderly something France is worse at?? Are you really suggesting that to become better more elderly should die or French should have less kids??? Why is Estonia not being a religious country bad? So many wars have been happening just because of religion. Belgium has one of the world widest criteria to estimate covid related deaths (including hospitals, nursing houses, deaths at home and even simply suspicion of covid death without a real check). To compare that with some countries that only have reported hospitals deaths makes no sense.  So unfortunately I am really disappointed by this video in contrast of the great content that is usually produced on this channel.
Azerbaijan is not in Europe but in SW Asia...
U forgot m Moldova and Macedonia How dare u forget my country Macedonia
Armenia Georgia Azerbaijan Kazakhstan Aren't in Europe
Being irreligious is a win. I'm not finishing this video.
Estonia the least religious country in the world... how is that bad?
Austrians are the worst painters, believe me
Greece can't be too charitable because of how much debt it's in, which I think should've been included
least religious country should be a positive. Not funnelling government money on imaginary friends is kind of win from all economical aspects and more
Slovenia good at everything, bad at nothing. Absolute win
"Czechia : Highest beer consumption per capita".  What's wrong with that??
Armenia is in Europe ?
The reason why Albanian don't need too many dictors per capita... lies probably in them not hosting any Mc Donald's: it sounds like their eating habits are quite healthy 😉. Good for them.
Eeh Europe???Lots off those "european countries arent european!!
Nothing for Slovenia :(
Armenia and Azerbaijan are most definitely not in Europe my man ...
Ireland is worst at media organs telling the current news. The Irish media ignore current scandals in preference of repeated runs of old stories.
Wait u say "WORST" and I see only good part of Estonia =)
Can you please turn on English captions in settings? They won’t allow an English option unless you set it, but all I see is Vietnamese, so thanks🙄
dictators lol
Austria is the worst at being the worst. Prove me wrong.
Love frome Iceland :)
How is beeing least religious in the world a bad thing lol, its literlly the best thing ever
I think the problem of smokers in Andorra is not correct since everyone who visits Andorra buys tobacco because of its low taxes.
Lol he was sorry to not insult say to Austrian and Slovenian people
Finland must be happiest and most depressed depending if she's on her meds.
France 🗿
The problem with Andorra smoking is mostly the frontier with France
Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan aren’t European…  Also having low car usage is a good thing lmao, cars are evil.  The death penalty is also not exactly a bad thing anyways.
Lithuania is worst at Football
Azerbaïdjan is not Europe
Czechia - beer is bad? No, beer is good and its one of few things, what we can be really good at.
Countries are not persons. You don't refer to them as 'he' or 'she', but as 'it'.
Yeah, sure. Some countries are worst at alcohol (Belarus, Czechia), worst at smoking (Greece, Kazachstan, Andorra), but when you get to Iceland and smoking weed, you suddenly mention that "someone could argue they're best, not worst". Not biased at all.
Hows Kazakhstan in europe?
uhm u forgot about Romania and Moldova
man you showed kazakhstan as a europe country and didnt even showed Turkey wtf
Alternate title: What Every Country in Europe and The Middle East is WORST at Part 1
my man … you skipped denmark
As a Croat, I believe this, our trains and railways suck
Cultural diversty is not good
These are the worst by greece? you didnt study us at all !
You missed Great Britain or jusr England. We are worst at learning languages I recon. Still part of Europe, even though we left the EU. You are not one of those clowns that thinks the EU us Europe are you. Maybe we will see the UK when if you do the U's.
Austria is the worst at being bad at something
no poland?
Being the least religious country isn't necessarily a bad thing for Estonia
Andorra has some of the cheapest cigarets in Europe. So everyone goes there to buy them. They probably don't smoke that much
I don't know about the internet speed.... My speed is 320Mbit down 55Mbits up and I'm paying €30 per month. Granted it is not available everywhere but in all cities yes. What skews the results are government  offices etc which are a lot and who use the government telecom company (CYTA) which had much much lower speeds than the competition at much higher prices, but this is rapidly changing as now Cyta is trying to be once again competitive with speeds of up to 1GBit for €66. Fiber installations is the new buzzword over here, so I guess we will probably jump from last to first very soon haha. One correction about the occupation. Cyprus is occupied by the Turkish military following the invasion of 1974. The TRNC is their puppet government
Estonia is the least religious country in the world. I didn’t know you were going to include the best as well as the worst characteristics of each country. 😏
Where’s america?? Oh wait we have freedom
Since when is Armenia part of Europe?
I thought he was only going to name one bad thing per country.... RIP Belarus
Re: Andorra: It's not a member of the EU and therefore has cheap prices on petrol and cigarettes/tobacco, so my guess would be that tourists and people from neighboring countries go there and buy a lot of cigarettes, so not sure the statistics are accurate.
Omg my country finally will win something
The cigarettes in Andorra it's because it's cheaper than in Spain, son Spaniards go there to buy them. Not because they smoke so much.
Why Armenia is called here an europian country? It's Asian
armenia, azerbaijan and georgia are not in europe...
"Least religious country" (Estonia) is a best not a worse to my point of view.
Belarus is even worse than I thought. Impressive.
I actually dont see the problem with Estonians being Atheists. Thats a good thing :D
As an Italian, I've never seen a person of another _"race"_ that was more than 30 years old
kosovo is not a country
"Least religious country in the world" why is that a bad thing?! Estonia, you're doing great.
Austria highest taxes , most corruot politicians, highest beer drinker
You forgot macedonia
Many worst things are good things
17 cigs per day is not a lot, some ppl smoke 2 packs a day its 20 cigs per pack
Germany Best at: Starting World Wars Worst at: Winning World Wars 🤣
Kosovo is Serbia.
Why was the Netherlands not included?
Least religious countryin the world is not WORST but BEST
Why is being the least religious country being bad. Estonian btw.
* sad Borat noises *
Least religuis (Estonia) and lowest rate of vehicle ownership (Azerbaijan) — how come those are on the worst list? It's actually pretty good for them.
Austria: lots of dog-sh|t…
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is not a bad thing, it is a really good thing.
The andorra smoking thing is nonsense. They sell so much tobacco because people of spain and france go there to buy because the taxes are low and they're so cheap.
Estonia: Least religious country... I consider that a "being a best at something" tbh. Best at being secular.
Iceland doesn't have McDonalds either.
"I couldn't find anything for Austria and Slovenia"  Austria and Slovenia: Fistbumb, neightbour!
how is germany able to have the highest homeless rate? They have one of the best social systems in the world
Ukraine has the worst neighbour in Europe
Did I miss Ukraine?
when you have T.V constantly telling you what to think and for who to vote is consider democracy  and saying that in another there is no freedom of speech and choice of leader. you certainly don't appear has a clown
kosovo je srbija
In Andorra the VAT is lower than in Spain or France and that’s why they sell that much. Basically tourists buy tons of cigarettes
being least religious is a good thing tho. also, i’ve heard finland is the world’s most romantically unfaithful country
1:07 I want someone to check that number
Estonia then is the best country in Europe when it comes to escaping the centuries old clutches of religion. Good job Estonia
Germany is worst at delivery of weapons to Ukraine. Hungary is worst at common sense and mental health.
So drug (ab)use is good but alcohol is bad? Okay.
In Belgium death due covid was being exaggerated because even if you died because of car crash you were counted as dead of covid... 😬
I suspect that sales of cigarettes in Andorra are so high because lots of people arrive from Spain and France due to the lower taxes.... i dont think the smoking problem is such a big thing it should have a similar smoking prevalence as spain
Andorra doesn’t have a smoking problem, people just cross the border because it’s cheaper to buy it there
kazakhstan is in Asia
I'm from Czechia ...i hate beer
Low amount of diversity is good
Слышали, Белорусы, у вас самая "авторитарная" страна в Европе. Думаю, это лучший комплемент со стороны извращенцев-либерастов)
Greece ranked as the least generous nation lol, I mean it's not like they have a massive debt
Wher pol
Germany is the absolute worst at winning world wars.
I like how people saying it’s good not having a McDonald’s but couriers with a obvious drinking problem are okay lmao.. to many haters i
Surely Estonia being non religious could even be a good thing. Saying that not being religious is a flaw seems to be a biased opinion.
RealLifeLore ... Are you stupid??? Armenia Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are NOT in EUROPE !!!!!!!!!!!
Greece were not charible cause we dont have enough money for ourselves
Where is Norway?
Albania not having McDonald's and estonia being the least religious are great things actually...
lowest Vehicle ownership is actually a huge plus.
Kosovo not even a country lol
Sad facts.
Why being the least religious country (Estonia) is a bad thing ?  Ridiculous
Good
Azerbaijan and Armenia are not in Europe. and Kazakhstan ?? Please...
"Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe". What? Are only non-italians (or non-europeans) considered "diverse"? Italy is the most diverse country in Europe on all metrics, be it language, culinary traditions, etc. We don't need fake diversity.
Finland seems to be the country with the highest amount of bipolar people in it.
Czechia: Highest beer consumption per capita  I thought it's about what every country in Europe is worst at and not best.
I don't think being non-religious is bad🇪🇪
Bruh crimea is Russian in the thumbinal
Highest beer consumption per capita... Is that bad?!
Why being the least religious country in the world is considered bad?
Ohh No. No McDonald's xD sounds like a good thing
lowest cultural diversity isnt a bad thing FYI
Neither the weather nor alcohol was mentioned when it came to Ireland. I'm counting that as a win.
This guy apparently never saw a map of europe. smh Dude, are you gonna make the entire asian continent part of europe too?
Russia where?
Italy: "Lowest rate of college graduation". Obviously, since we don't have college. We have university, academy, and so on. This application of strictly Anglophone terminology is strange. Anyway. Yup. Since, boss moment, our school system is harder than every other country. Just think about how much we have to study. I'm honestly sure that average Scandinavian doesn't have the same historical notions of an average Italian.
I dont think that not being religious is a bad thing 😅
Kazakhstan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus and Georgia are European countries but Russia and Turkey dont. lol
Actually Andorra sells untaxed cigarettes and most foreigners from France and Spain buy cigarettes there.
4:50 You named 2 positive aspects of Estonia: largest gender paygap, and least religious
I'm a croatien one thing to never ever do is:go on a train
There where some countries I don't consider as europeaan.  And some european countries weren't mentioned at all.
0:50 better. McDonald's is bad.
The no religion in Estonia is a good thing
honestly having less cars, having more atheists and the highest consumption of beer... I don't see them as downsides 😅
They all suck at keeping their sovereignty
Why should the factoid the Estonia is the least religious country bad,  inquiring minds wants to know?  In my book that's a plus.
So. Smoking pot regularly is a good thing, but drinking beer regularly is a bad one? OK.
>5:05 >«least religious» as something bad
Americans don't even know what countries are in Europe, why are Americans so uneducated ?
not surprised about the homelessness in germany. Neither would I be surprised, if germany also had the highest number of unoccupied housing, because it's all overpriced city appartments used for investment instead for living in.   Although housing in rural areas can get quite accessable... which leads to crazy things like young people working/living in cities buying homes 200 kms away because that's the only place they can afford.
austria and slovenia are worst at being the worst at things
Can’t even get passed B without doing something wrong🤣 typical Americans
7:06 Is cannabis really a bad thing?
Dear RealLifeLore, You Fail in geography. Please look up Europe and learn the countries. Azerbajdzjan, for instance, is not in Europe.
Love it that 2 countries are in asia
Belgium does not have the highest covid-19 mortality rate in the world. The data available in 2020 was flawed, and every country measured covid-19 mortality in a different manner.
I don't know why but i was kinda sad when I heard my country (Slovenia) wasn't worst at anything. Really wated to see where we are the worst :(
Where is Sweden?
Autria uber alles
Belarus seems very based
ahem where is l and mabye others? and kazakstan isn't europe
Being the Least Religious country in the world makes a country the best, not the worst, in this regard.
IMO Estonia is the BEST country regarding religion
No UK???
Why is being the least religious country a negative.
Sales tax? Really, that's the only thing? :D
Azerbaijan and Armenia the well know European countries 😂
I did not see spain
I didn't think Armenia and Azerbaijan were in Europe but get it i guess
Austria not drinking toooo much beer I´m Austrian myself and I don´t know someone who never was drunk
Ukraine once had 3 breakaway states, Crimea, and I can't remember the other two.
How being a least religious country (Estonia) is bad? Does religion provide some benefits I was not aware of?
Belgium had the worst mortality rate due to covid19. I remember the news, but I also remember Belgium counting the deaths with uncertain death causes as covid19 deaths. Not very smart for statistical reasons, but at least Belgium didn't ignore the death that couldn't be explained ☺
Since when is Azerbaijan concidered to be a european country??
for Estonia I can't see why not having a religion is something bad? a lot of countries, has bad habits which come from stupid religion ''ideas'' that makes no sense
gained reputation to the independentists in corsica for not including it as metropolitan France
Kazakhstan in Europe?
Kazahstan is not in Europe
Finland:so were depressed and happy?!
EU is much worse than Belarus in democracy. Noone with any political power in EU is elected. They are all placed in position by financial elite.
Armenia is not in Europe, nor Kazakhstan
Kosovo is Serbia
This video is not completely objective.
Wait what?? Others have less taxes??
u mean death row
You are stretching the definition of Europe a bit here.
Me, a czech: How is this a bad thing? 4:32
Austria: Rampant political corruption, intransparancy, misuse of taxmoney, hatred of foreigners.
Austria is just basic:)
From Czech and proud. Hold my beer
cool
Slovenia is worst at being worst at something.
Germany has the worst bureaucracy aswell and im not sure about Cyprus being worse in internet speed than us
kazskhstan is Asia , Armenia Georgia and Azerbaijan are  caucasian
The stat in andorra is calculated on how much cigarettes are selled. They are way cheaper than french ones , so every french near the frontier come to buy and sell to their friends further. Andorra have no smoking problem🤦
Annoys me how the Americans think because we left the EU we somehow aren’t in Europe anymore 😂
About low vehicle ownership -> good for the planet And what is bad about not believing in a religion?
Being bad at religion lol
I’d say being the least religious country is actually a good thing, way to go Estonia.
and spain?????????
Wtf were is Spain and Portugal???
Finland is the happiest country in Europe because the depressed people kill themselves. Ay yooo.
finland is happyest country in the world becouse all depressed peapol kill themself
Not having a McDonald's is being worst in something?  Albania is the worst in many things and you pick this...............................
Why did u not add Spain
Now Andorra has an airport 😎😎
Finland has the highest number of people with depression, or in other words, the highest number of people getting help with their depression.
Italy and Portugal least culturally diverse, that’s considered a bad thing?
Notice how Slovenia wasn't mentioned, Slovenia is best
UK - 'Compromising' (relations with the EU and all that),   Football (though every four years we automatically name ourselves among the 'favourites' for the World Cup)....  AND,   Looking back (at our past) far too often.....instead of looking ahead, you know ....like most countries do.
Sardinia is Italy !
I love Albania for not having McDonald's.
5:08 least religious is not a weakness
poland - politics
"Death penalty still in place." It's a good thing
austrians are worst at tolerance
Geographically, the Caucasus mountain range is considered a natural border between Asia and Europe, placing Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, etc in Asia.
Косово није држава
How can Finland be the most depressed but happiest? They are depressed but drink vodka and say they are the happiest in the world
Regarding Estonia, why not being religious should be a bad thing?
You see Kosovo is not indenpendent they even cant stabilise economy
Fun fact: Albania has the most coffee shops per capita but not even ONE Starbucks!!
Since when being a non-religious is a bad thing ? Imagine if someone said something alike to believers, instantaneous ban.
That Italy is very little cultural diverse (Not ethnic) is weird, i guess that depends of the meausre, since Italy was ans more or less still is unification of kingdomes with different social backgrounds, and in general speaking south and north are very different.
Suomii
Hmm, well both world wars were started by Austrians, that's gotta be worth something!
What about Switzerland?
Armenia ain't in europe
Since when Kazakhstan is in Europe?
germany: winning world wars
DISLIKE for "estonia is least religious country in the world". it's not WORST, it's best in it.   Armenia, Kazakhstan, Azerbaidjan - asia. not EUROPE. if rest of videos are same as this one, i'm seriously consider to unfollow...
I just came to Czechia and them being the highest consumer of beer is a good thing not a bad thing!
I don't find Azerbaijan's low rate of vehicle ownership a bad thing tbh (as long as they have good public transportation)
How in any world do they consider Kazakhstan European???
Nichts ist in Österreich schlecht
Why is being militarised a bad thing? Why is death penalty something bad? Why is not being culturally diverse something bad?
yep, the sales tax here in hungary is extremely well.. taxing on our wallets, especially as the average wage isnt all that high either. 27%? seriously?
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
Iceland: Highest consumption of cannabis in europe  Wait how is that a "Worst at" thing??? I am from hungary and I had multiple friends there and they "enjoyed" it.
Adolf is from Austria :-(
Finland is actually one of the most racist countries in the world.
Bulgaria: We're the poorest and our population is dying off the fastest Croatia: We don't use trains that much
Áustria is worst at not starting world wars.
4:36 I see this as an absolute win
RLL : What every country in asia is worst at  Singapore : are you just gonna blame me?
My home Bulgaria 😞😞😞
Coming late to the party, I have to explain Belgium. Yes, it had the highest official registered covid cases in the world, but this was mainly due to its more fair way of registration through its health system. Most countries only registered cases that were proven 100 percent to be caused by covid, while Belgium also registered cases where the doctors of the deceased suspected Covid to be the cause.
armenia isnt in europe
"italy being the least culturally diverse country in Europe" wtf this is so false
as czech i dont see drinking beer as bad so we r not worse but best  xd
Every one stole my ideas fo Austria
7:54 Sardinia is Italy lol
I am from sveden
17.6 Liters of pure alcohol a year?.. Not that much Belarus. Get those numbers up. lmao
Austria is best and South Tyrol is Austrian!
With a debt to gdp ratio of 180% I think its kinda logical why we are the least charitable. How can people give money to charities if they live paycheck to paycheck?
as a Bulgarian living in Austria I can agree nobody wants to live in our home country 💀
I love your videos but could you turn on the automatic English subtitles?
I thought it would be world metrics….
Why is being non religious a bad thing?
Biggest problem of a country according to an American, not having a mc Donald’s….
Switzerland is by far the most unkind and selfish country in the whole world.
Wait what???: Highest beer consumption per capita isnt a "worst at" its the BEST AT. We are the BEST at drinking beer! Bet they put this in cos they couldnt find anything else, hehe :-)
I’m dan and I don’t have friends
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is like the biggest flex I can imagine.
No McDonald's in Albania, Highest Beer consumption in Chechia, and high Atheism in Estonia belong in the opposite video brother
Where do you get the stats for your videos, if you don't mind the question. Some of the data seems to lead to wrong conclusions. (High amount of cigarettes bought in Andorra doesn't necessarily mean they are smoken) Please define modern slavery. Or do an explaining vid about it, it is certainly an eye-opener.
Great! So what Ireland is worst at is been the best at dying of cancer..
1:55 azerbaijan has lowest rate of vehicle ownership, but yet they have f1 race on their country
What a lie about Germany! Being homeless doesn't mean you don't have a roof over your head. They just don't have their own house or a lease. And that many refugees still live in shelters is probably also clear.  The real, no-nonsense number of homeless people without a roof over their heads is 45,000 ...and even for them there is always a place in the homeless shelter.
Since when being the least religious country is something who can be consider as bad ???
🐖🦌🦓🦘🐪🦍🦭🐆🦏🐬🐠🐡🦑🐬🐊🦏🐎🐎🐖🦬
Albania not having any MacDonald’s seems more like a blessing 🍟
Azerbaijan is not part of Europe wtf
Fuck participating
I also love Georgia
Eastonia is the best accept the religious view.
I thought you were talking about bad stuff.
As a dane, i can 100% confirm that it is hard to make friends, almost impossible.
The Albania one is false, theres no mcdonalds in kosovo too.
armenia is not in europe
Usa is the worst at not Starting conflicts in Europe,Africa and Middle east
Kosovo ain't a country
Where's Norway my dude?
Armenia has the least powerful passport in europe Russia: Hold my vodka
Where is The Netherlands the best or worst in?
Armenia, Azerbaijan? Those countries are not in Europe. The do partake in the Eurovision song contest, but so did Australia. Finland probably has the highest rate of bipolar disorder, that is simply misdiagnosed as depression.
Azerbaijan has the least freedon of the press.... Belarus is the less democratic... *Laughs in Spanish*
Where to begin? Not having a Mc Donald is a chance rather than a disaster. I don’t see Azerbaïdjan, Armenia or Georgia in Europe (not even mentioning Kazakhstan). Highest proportion of modern slavery is another name for a daily job. Andorra is a low taxes  paradise, all french neighbors rush there to buy cheaper cigarettes, that accounts for their high tobacco consumption. Estonia being the least religious country is a blessing.
Hope bulgaria fixes itself. Wonderful country and the people there are so kind. As usual, Balkan nationalism is holding the entire region back 🥲
5:10 7% of adults being depressed was the highest in Europe in 2009? I really have to wonder about the methods and limitations of the study. Was that the percentage of actively depressed people? That’d make more sense than the amount of people who have been depressed before. Anyway, maybe they’re not afraid to live loud/be open about their emotions. I say this with quite little clue about Finnish culture aside from generalizations about Nordic and Scandinavian countries.
Wait a minute, Kazakhstan is not European! Why do some people say that????
You said Estonia was had most atheists. I’d say that’s a good thing. No time wasting.
Making video about Europe, but not including Ukraine. WTF?!
Cypriot here. I thought we took care of the internet problem 2 years ago...
What has energy to do with alcochol XD
The irreligiousness of Estonia is actually one of their good points
kazakhstan is not even in europe
Hey there, you're wrong about the least religious country. Czechia is the least religious country in the word with over 80% identifying as Atheists or simply non religious. Whereas aforementioned Estonia has only around 60% of those people. Which puts Estonia at comfortable 2nd place in Europe and 3rd in the word. Just behind North Korea
You forgot to mark Croatia's islands, Finlands islands and Italy's islands (Sardinia)
I'm from Greece and were like rl generous ill say
I was in Austria, they are 100% the worst at being polite
I swear azerbaijan, armenia, georgia and kazakhstan are in asia
Estonia being the least religious should be in the "best of" -category. Not worst.
The original video is probably from a very American point of view - religion really? Ha By the way, in Germany there is a difference between homelessness and housinglessness, and the figures concern housinglessness - including refugees and others who live in shelters.
I'm not even European and I think this is one of this channels worst videos
Finland having the highest depression rates and highest happiness are not polar opposites. A lot of people fail to understand what depression is- it’s not the opposite of happiness, it’s the opposite of vitality.
I'm sure in 2022 Hungary's list would be muuuch much longer :(
7:53 SARDINIA IS ITALYYYYYY
Austria has the best quality of life in Europe. However, their Apple struddel can kill you.
Let's be clear; a territory where there is good cheese, good wine, good food and beautiful landscapes, that's France and that's it (huh... What, Italy? What is that? Southern France!)
Косово ис Сербиа
armenia is not fucking european get your facts right
Is it me or did he skip england in this part
Estonia being 'the least religious country in the world' is a very positive thing, so that item does not qualify to be in the list of worst aspects.
Why is Sardegna not a part of Italy?
Half of the countries listed do not belong to the European Union 👀
Austria is the worst at being bad
Austria has the worst McFlurrys in the world
España?
3:59 Me, a Croat, watching this video while on train: 🤨
Austria's navy sucks.
Men I am Greek and I was smoking while watching this and it caught me off guard
Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Asia
Estonia best!
Slovenia is the most likely you can die from alcohol
Estonia being the least religious country seems a good thing to me
Austria is the worst at teaching art students how to properly paint
Why is Estonia not needing religions bad thing?
Estonians are not simps
I thought you said the video is about what countries are worst at. And still you said what we are best at in Czechia. Not that I help this achievement with approximately 10 beers a year +-5.
Iceland is in Europe
Austria is and at being neutral like Switzerland😂
Well lowest rate of vehicle ownership is actually a good thing ...
Azerbaijan  is not in
Andorra took this video personally and built an airport
kosovo is serbia
Imagine. I‘m Bulgarian. So we are pretty rare I guess. But not valued enough for others to help us correct our government…
WTF? How is being the least religious a "bad thing"? Why don't you put the least addicted to heroin on the list too while you're at it? That was seriously F:ed up dude.
Since when is the highest beer consumption a bad thing..? :DD We're working very hard everyday to up those numbers. They are currently around 180 liters. Those you said were rookie numbers.
Kosovo is also the most mispronounced country in the world.
Literally the most popular country in Europe being UK he ignored
Armenia is a european??
As a dane it is very true. Most danes have a wall to protect them selves when talking to people. But once you've gotten inside. then you'll see that we can be friendly like the other countries. (It has nothing to do with you)
mcdonalds suck big time!
Chechia drinks beer, Estonia is non-religious. Uhm.. Are you sure these are disadvantages?
The western part of Russia belongs also to Europe
Where macedonia?
So...Bosnia is both the best and worst in the category of having the most landmines per km^2?
Czechs having the highest beer consumption is considered something they're best at by them, not worst
The worst in all. Europe is totalitarian in their governments specially in corrupt agenda 2030 while people believe all that tv says
Lots of Asian countries in this list....
I am from Croatia,passanger trains drives,near my house,few times a day. It is always empty. 3-4 passengers mostly. Worse thing is that rail crossing is malfunctioning every few weeks. Its just a question of time, when,somebody would be killed..worse than train and railcrossings,is stupidity and coruption of public service,agency or some institution...they still work with communist/socialist mentality there...
5:03 Only from an American viewpoint would "least religious" be considered the worst thing about a country, lol. I say good on you, Estonia! Now onto fixing that pay gap please 💔
jup, Latvia and Lithuania are not in Europe
Armenia and Azerbaijan are not in Europe, but alright... And listing "gender pay gap" and a country being non-religious as bad things...? It's a thumbs down from me.
Since when is kazakhstan in Europe?
I'm from Slovenia. What does that mean? That we are terrible at too much? :D.
Kosovo is not a county or a nation, go f***  yourself with your stupid video and brain
1:37 i dunno painting maybe?
Why no Russia
Austria is the worst at invading Serbia and Russia...
Switzerland is the worst at fighting in a world war. They were neutral for all of them.
Btw Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Asia????
Austria is great!! Reg Andorra: are we sure Andorrian population is smoking all these cigarettes VS the high amount of cigarettes are just bought there because of local production as well as maybe the tax situation?
Being the "least religious country" is bad? Wtf, Vatican has paid this video? Lol.
Austria is the worst at art school.
You really excluded Russia and Turkey but left Istanbul in lol
Since when became Estonia’s atheism a bad thing? Wtf …
WHY DO YOU SAY SHE I CAN'T
hitler was born in austria, so: worst creation of humans being maybe
4:35 i dont see how thats a bad thing. long live tradition! the same with 5:00 less religion, less problems in the long run
what about northern ireland?
Some austrian dialects are a most difficult to understand
Not receiving a McDonald's is not a bad thing I think.. 😅
Being least religious how is that bad
Here from Czech. Thanks for noting what we are best at (drinking beer), just thought that thematically it does not fit the video :)
It appears that the statistics about Andorra having the highest tobacco sales is a bit misleading since people seem to come in from spain and France to buy cigarettes in bulk at a discount.
Belarus be trippin tho
Least religious is not a bad thing.
Austria is the worst at making it obvious that it is not Australia while not being Australia. Also they are the worst at not being Austrians.
"worst"?
Where is the Netherlands 🤣
Slovenia: not being bullied by usa stereotypes, or just not having an obscure news.
And why being the least religious country in the world, be a bad thing?
Austria is worst at getting any onions
you can't really say a country is bad at democracy. after all it is only a political system, and is not even that good.
As a Bulgarian... yes... :(
estonia being least religious country in world is definitely a good thing
Sardinia is part of Italy, Corse is part of France. Do you remember this two islands in the middle of Mediterranean?
common Belgium L
We have the largest d* in eu named Viktor Orbán.
Finland stat resume this video : Bullshit.
I was surprised about Germany because here you can get an appartement for free if you are homeless. I googled and "national homeless statistics are created in  Danemark, Finnland, France, Ireland, Italy, Litauen, Holland, Sweden, Spane und Hungary (that's 10 of 47). The statistics are led by different criterea, especially what counts as homeless."  Sorry, but this is bullshit.
Armenia and Azerbaidjan are not part of Europe
First, Albania not having a MacDonald's is not such a bad thing. I and I speak for myself never believed MacDonald's should be considered edible food. Is it so bad that Estonia is the latest religious country in the world? After all, shall religion taught is to hate someone for believing in something else.
Sorry, when did england, scotland and wales leave the european continent? Or did i miss a massive shift in scientific consensus on how we define the continents of the world?
Not European. Many.
I came here for Czechia....and the worst thing is that we drink the most beer? That's the best thing 😂
1:40 not starting a world War (cus there  the best at starting them
Andorrans likely don't smoke all that much, but they have very cheap cigarettes, so many people from France or Spain go there to buy them, hence the very, very high sales numbers for cigarettes.
Austrians have the hardest allowance into art school.
Finland sad and happy = finland is bipolar
Sweden?
How is being the "least religious country in the world" is being the worst at that? I'm not Estonian but I would be proud to have that stat in my country.
yeah, considering the last almost 2 decades we are in a economic crisis, unemployment hitting all time high with something like 60-70% the last decade, can you blame us for not donating to charities and not being generous? we barely go by, its not like we dont want to support a good cause.
Austria has JoWood - the worst videogame publisher.
Azerbaïdjan is not in Europe... Belgium didn't have the highest Covid rate, it just counted those who were sick at home or tested positive despite not having any symptoms.
Tabacco in Andorra is much much cheaper than in Spain or France, so many tourists go there specifically to buy cigarettes and alcohol.
Albenia doesn't have McDonalds nor doctors ,  well i don't think they need doctors 🤷🏻‍♂️
The Andorra tobacco thing is probably due to smuggling as it is a tax haven and its cheaper than the one you can buy in Spain. This also happens in Gibraltar.
RealLifelore: Shows Azerbaijan  Exclave of Azerbaijan:Am i a joke to you
So the smoke of Iceland isn't vulcan?
Armenia is in asia
Austria is definitly worst when it comes to taking responsibilites in world wars
As a Finn, I am baffled by the notion of Estonia being worst in being religious. How is that a bad thing?
Lets goooo Slovenia is good at everything
You don’t need as many doctors when you have less McDonalds
Does Belgium really have more COVID death than North Korea? That seems hard to believe.
So many of the statistics you have shared are by no means negative aspects. Also a lot of people in neighbouring France and Spain hop over to Andorra to load up on cheap cigarettes (sales tax differential). This partially explains the inflated smoking rate
least religious country sounds like the best thing in the world  also there's absolutely no way italy and portugal have lower rate of diverse culture than romania
First of all, please explain me HOW? Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are EUROPEAN?
Austria is the worst at humility
Since when Kazakhstan is in Europe ?  Back to your map and see.
You forgot lithuania
Es que en Andorra ni les caveria un aeropuerto jaja
Austrians have the worst German dialekt
I'm sorry for the bad news. Is it bad that you're not bad at anything? 0:26
Where is Portugal
look at the transcript for this video
Kosovo? Birds aren't countries mate😂😂
I dont think Andorrans have a smoking problem, they pay less taxes on tabaco, so people from Spain and France travel there to buy tabaco
Very contraversal how you said Kosovo is a country, some people might be mad
Why is Russia not on this list?
Armenia as most militarised European society, I find that as a plus.
even cyprus, caucasus and kazakhstan is in europe but turkey aren't
"Belarus is the least democratic and the most authoritarian country in Europe" Russia in February of 2022: Hold my Vodka
The way this guy pronounced Belarus?
Estonia least religious country? I thought you said what they were the worst at.
Sweden?
Being the least religious country in the world is the worst quality of our country? Are you insane? That's the best quality.
Austria is the worst at not being confused with Australia
u forgot poland ;(
Austria has a big racism problem.
If I had to pick, Iceland was the best option.
why is captions vietnamese
I heard that Austria was worst at customer service
Bosnia-Herzegovina... ummm yeah. SORRY PEOPLE FROM THERE... ouch.
Armenia is more east than turkey but in europe?
It's probably for the better that Albania has no macdonalds.
Italy Is also the worst country in the world at tolerating pineapples on pizza
latvia is worst at staying sober
Sooo country is nowdays juding if they have McDonald's?
Austria is worst at having an own language
what? why is bad be the least religious country in the world?
Having the lowest rate of car ownership actually sounds like a good thing
Since when is the lack of religion a problem? have you heard about religious fanatism, comes from the most religious places...
Andorra's problem is that it has no tax so everyone buys big staks of tobacco there and it's easy to get there so french and spanish people buy a lot of it rather than andorrans thenselves
I am not up to scratch with Andorrans' smoking habits to be frank, but fwiw Andorra traditionally has always been a travel destination for Spaniards and French smokers seeking to stock up on cheap cigarettes, due to their low tax regime. I wonder if that's whats inflating their smoking statistics, if the source is their tobacco sales volume.   Back in the '80s, many travel agents used to organise weekend coach trips filled to the brim with travellers of all ages trying to smuggle cheap cigarettes, electronics into Spain; gigantic chocolate tablets were very popular too, as well as tinned dutch butter, cheese and more. That's the place you'd travel if you needed a new camera or stereo as well.   It was so busy that it wasn't possible for everyone to get checked by customs. Instead, a few people would be selected for a thorough inspection, whilst for the rest some officers would get on the coaches and do a visual check.   I got 1st and 2nd hand hand tales of innocently looking elderly ladies covering their legs with blankets in an attempt to hide all the tax-free goodies under their seats they'd just bought, including tens of cigarette cartons for the family! 😂  Like I said, I have no idea how things are these days. Just thought I'd throw this hypothesis as it makes sense to me.
How being most militarized country is bad?
Lithuania is not here... e x p l a i n
"Ireland has the highest rate of cancer in Europe"  Me: looks to both my parents, my brother and grandmother who were all diagnosed with cancer in the last 4 years:  Damn I think that's right
Kosovo is the worst at existing
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is a GOOD thing!
Azerbaidjan, Kazahstan, Armenia are not in Europe
For me Turkey (except European part) and Caucasian countries are not European.
Honestly not even bothered that Belarus has the death penalty.   Can you honestly tell me that a man convicted of raping and killing a child is ever going to become a decent member of society?   Give me a break.
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?? If anything I'd say it's a great thing for many reasons
What bad news? We are just good at everything
You forgot to highlight the region of « Nakhtchivan » for the Azerbaijan part. Please pain attention to that
How the fuck is a bad thing Estonia being the least religious country? I quit the video and not going to see anymore of your content....
Georgia, azerbaijan and armenia are asian countries
Nothing about Romania,huh
Since when was Kazakhstan considered European?
Us slovaks are worst at literally anything and everything
There are so many things here that seem like good things to me instead of bad: - Not having mcdonalds - Being the most beer drinking country - Being the least religious country / with more atheists - Highest consumption of cannabis I'd be happy to live in that country lol, tho I undersand if some people don't agree.
As a Dane I literally have zero friends
Some of those things are actually good. No McDonalds - great country.
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan don't belong to Europe ...
Andorra doesn't really have a smoking problem, the cigarettes are much cheaper there than in France or Spain, that's why they sell lots of them.
Man, Caucasus is basically... Asia?
"the bad news is the austrians and slovenians can't do anything worst than others"
im from belgium and i legit dont know anyone that even got sick from covid. nice scamdemic bro.
La ricerca sull’Italia la devi rifare .. hai tappato !!
Last I checked England is still a part of Europe though not a part of the EU anymore. Why were they excluded? :(
Bulgaria has biggest gypsy population.
wtf happened with the subtitles ?
Since when did Armenia and Azerbaijan count as European? It's east of Turkey, which is considered Asian.
"least religious" is not a bad thing at all.
🇷🇺 great !!!!
MAD L AM YOU ARE RUDE
This is very important to know of this no it's places like Europe how much problems they each country has
Albania has lowest nr of docs cause the country's brain is continually migrating.   After 2014, 13%  of our medical staff emigrated and circa 9000  nurses. Also now young people decide to study abroad and never come back. We have plenty of good doctors but they work abroad. As for MC Donald's i don't know if that's a worse thing at, when it's considered as eating unhealthy.  The creator had hundreds of things to name  as what we are worst at, we have so many 😂.
Looks like Im moving to Icelandm, move over Amsterdamn
Did I miss Ukraine?
Cigarrettes are much cheaper in Andorra than in France and Spain, so tourists always buy the maximum allowed, even if the don't smoke, just for friends and relatives. Would be great to interpret the facts and not just read numbers from wikipedia.
yet again, it sucks to be from Austria :(
Estonia having the least religious people is something i'd consider a positive. Look at what they are doing to Poland.
worst at religions should be something good not bad, no country is a bad country because is not religious
Keeping there empires afloat
You missed Turkey.
Estonia has tons of people working in tech, which is a well paid field with a male majority, while administrative jobs, that are usually well paid with female majority are less needed because a lot of those jobs is automated/digitalized.  And based on your world-view being the least religious country can be either a good or a bad thing, but I wouldn't say it's objectively bad.
Austrians are worst at passing art school
Yooo what about Spain
We know Belarus is bad, but when I heard "slavery" I was WHAT? What does that even mean today, how is it possible to have it in Europe? What... I can't comprehend that.
Kosovo is Serbia
Since when Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan are in Europe?
Estonia is based
hows not being religious bad
kosovo is not real
it’s bel-a-roos
But azerbayian and armenia are not from Europe neither Georgia 😐
Austria worst at not starting World Wars.
4:30 was this video not supposed to be about the worst things not the best?
Germany makes the worst premium TV "Metz" the quality of the parts are ok but the software is the worst. 7/10 TV come back from to our store because of the spftware.  NEVER  BUY  A  METZ
they not all europe
Austria has had trouble bringing up their children outside of their basements....
Kosovo is Serbia, not country!
"Italy is the least culturally diverse"... i see that as a good thing , not a bad one... specially in such a  rich country in terms of culture.
Really? Chech slammed for drinkin beerr? Give them medal. And i am not even Czech
Kazachstan, Armenia, Azerbaidjan and Georgia are in Europe Aha🤦🏽‍♂️
4:15 wait how is 6.4MB or whatever slow? my internet runs at a max of 2mb and a low of .3mb
Azerbaijan having the lowest amount of cars per capita Azerbaijani people: oH yEah bAkU iS tHe cApItAl oF cArS wE hAvE tHe mOsT cArS iN tHe wOrlD iN jUsT oNe cItY
i mean were the biggest country in europe  so we the most homeless
Dude why do you consider caucasian countries as europe lol?
As a Finn, I can confirm Finland is the worst at being the best.
Austria is worst at accepting her part in two world wars.
i hate hanad now😡😡
Austria is the worst at not raising Hitlers.
IDK what Austrians are worst at but they are best at staring world wars and blaming it all on germany
Estonia is the least religious country in the world. Why is that bad?
As a greek i want to thanks our politicians that i own money all over the world,from the day i was born!
4:32 That's a actually a good thing :D
I don't think Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are European countries
Spain: having jobs ahdhajdb
Austria: bad at wars and high Alcohol consuption
yes armenia and kazakhstan are more european than turkey
Austria is the worst at keeping an empire stable
Austria is worst at art school
Albania not having a McDonald’s actually isn’t a negative thing. It’s like not having trash in your neighborhood.
As a Dane, I can confirm that it's hard to make friends in Denmark, but it's not because we hate other people.   Introversion is just very, VERY widespread, and people will more often than not choose not to talk to others simply because they're afraid there's going to be akward silence making it all uncomfortable and embarassing.   Combine that with easy access to entertainment on the internet and most people just rarely ever bother to get to know others.
Austria are the worst at picking wars or sides in wars, considering Hitler was Austrian and the Austria-Hungary and Austria-Germany connection started 2 world wars. Otherwise I am not sure what else so say anything they are worst at. Maybe worst and not being worst at anything? :D
Austria is the worst at being worst at something. Regarding Finland, it's not a contradiction. It's been extensively observed that depressive people may feel worse when surrounded by happy people because they have in it the confirmation that their lives suck and something must be wrong about them.
fuck EU
I like how finland being the happiest country in the world is technically classified as what the country is worst at
The reason Greece is the least charitable and generous is THEY HAVE NO MONEY TO BE CHARITABLE OR GENEROUS WITH it's a meme at this point and has been one for a long time
1:46 how is least owing cars a bad thing? Also this countries aren't exactly in europa, so why are thy being counted?
How Belarus death penalty is bad? I mean all countries needs them.
Azerbaijan in Europe?  omg lol
Armenians are not Europeans!
slovenia is the worst at having a decent president. he's a communist who's stuck in the days of yugoslavia. might aswell be a dictator
Austria have the worst Military
You forgot to highlight Sardinia island as part of Italy (and Corsica as part of France). 😅
Makes me wonder if the researcher of this is very religious.
How is a country being the least religious a bad thing? Seems wildly subjectivr
Austria is best at getting unsluiced and worst at being friends with angry men with funny mustaches.
5:20 *Conspiracy theory has joined the chat!* 🤔
4:35 yeah mate but how is that bad ? I love 🍺🍺 everyone loves 🍺🍺 so please stfu 😂
Austria is the worst at keeping a chancellor in office for more than a few months bruh
Slovenija do Tokija!!
Why do say Aserbaidschan and Georgia is in Europe?
i am actually proud that we people from czech have the highest beer consumption
4:58 In Estonia, the religion thing is neither good or bad, is just a choice that people did :'v every spiritual opinion is equally correct, the only important thing is that the election of that opinion has to be free uu
Austrian people are worst at not being austrians >:v
Andorra have also a lack of own influencers :'v they have to import them from abroad
For andora and cigarettes it's probably due to the fact thats french and spanish people come to buy their cigarette because the tax is way lower
i live in cyprus, my internet provider is not bad at all. lmao if you use cablenet then okay but thats a you problem, not a cyta problem
Why you didn't said anything about Romania? But you said about Kazakhstan :(
Iceland won😏🌿
ABT THE rudness if greece is so true  a kid learned his 1st curse word at 3 years old
If Finland is both the happiest and the most depressed country, does that mean it's the most bipolar country?
Kosovo never had McDonalds either
Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Asia. Not in Europe. 😒
Who else is mad about how he didn't mark the Azerbaijan exclave?
Hasn't the (supposed!) gender pay gap been DEBUNKED often enough? If you throw all men into a sack and all women into another and then average their incomes of course women come up short! They are more often in lower payed fields! In the same field, with same experience, education etc. women don't earn (significantly) less! If that were the case then companies would prefer to employ women as cost saving measure!
People in Andorra don't smoke a lot, it's just that French and Spanish people go there to buy cigarettes because they're cheaper... so the sales are super high but the cigarettes are not smoked by the locals.......
Armenia and Azerbajjan are not in Europe. Is Guatemala in North America? I do not think so...
Estonia being the least religious country is a GOOD THING
0:45 Are you implying the Vatican, Lichtenstein and Monaco had/have a McDonalds?
Belgium does not have the highest covid mortality rate...... The reason they are on the top of the charts is the same as the U.K.....The hospitals get paid extra for every death by covid, so even if they die from heart attack its listed as covid.
where is switzerland it is in europe
How is beer consumption a bad thing? How is being non-religious a bad thing?
i agree with estonia why the fuck would i want some stupid book some old ass man wrote over a thousand years ago to rule over what i have to do in my life just no.
why the fuck do we count armenia and such among europe ?
Romanian ppl : …
Austria is worst at passing art school.
Faroe Island is the the most expensive country in Europe to live in
me seeing albania gets the most natural disasters: yay now there's a high chance hyper bat won't have a home!
Austria has Josef fritzl
I've never seen a 'worst' video with so many facts to be proud of. Good work Czechia (?) Iceland, Estonia and of course England (aka The UK) 👍  I'm off on holiday to Latvia 🇱🇻
I would say estonia is best at atheism, not worst at religion.
"Portugal is one of the least culturally diverse countries in Europoo" Translation: Portugal is still Portuguese.
Thank god, UK is not the worst 😊
So we just gonna skip over England? 😢
I am from Denmark an that is true af
Hitler was born in Austria..
6:15 nah, if you get a German passport and fill in some stuff you can get money for free(it’s called Hartz 4 and has been introduced to support homeless people)
Austria is the worst at being the worst country in Europe. Congrats idk what that means
4:18 Interestingly most people on Cyprus are still not aware of this, since their video is still buffering...
a funny thing is that my friend from estonia and his familly are very religious
kosovo is not a country
How is Estonia being extremely atheist is bad?..
Moment, being the top in beer consumption is the "worst"? We have been proud of this for a long time. 🙂
4:44 Introverts: I see that as a victory
How come Estonia being not religious is something that this country is "worst at"? Way to go Estonia!
Part 2 : 0vuUhS60P7M
Austria is the worst in football for sure!
Estonia being least religious country doesn't qualifies as worst or even bad - just the opposite!
I see Kosovo, i dislike the video and leave.
Belarus sounds like a Southern Conservative's wet dream.
Those are benefits for Estonia
Belarus, the only country in Europe with death penalty still in place with the highest number of executions in Europe. How surprising looking at it in relation!
Denmark: speaking.
For Andorra smoking problems it can be explained by the fact that they don't apply taxes on cigarettes. So everyone from North espana and South of France come here to by a lot
Kosovo is part of other country so it cant be caunted in here.
Belgium, Worst roads?
If some country is less democratic then other countries, was that a problem? Every country has their own policy and this is a list of "What every country in Europe is worst at"
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan is not in Europe. It would be the as saying that Colombia is in north America because it has a border with Panama.   Out of all the countries in Europe, you choose countries that aren’t even in Europe in a video about countries in Europe.
As a half Armenian, knowing their , past it is absolutely normal to be the most militarized country , we do not wanna see extinction right ?
Hungary: Democracy
W-w-what Ireland have the highest rate of cancer(crap)
Title says "countries in Europe" then shows names of countries including those which aren't in Europe. Okay.
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, and Turkey are not in Europe! This is misinforming!
I just noticed that when Italy was up that Sardinia was not white.
A good thing about Austria is that they have radal
Austrians are the wurst at being the wurst
Funny how Greeks are the least generous yet whole EU had to pay for their bankrupt country.
Austria is worst at producing painters.
Maybe not having Mcdonalds and having least doctors is connected.
Austria is the worst at preventing Anschluss
Update on Bulgaria, we are getting more immigrants from the west, total population is declining in a slower rate and many are coming back aswell as the overly capitalistic dream of paying rent for most of your life is too much and here we can afford a home in a good location with hospitals and schools, like a 4 room apartment for €26k, which is also why we are getting more and more imigrants
Austrians make the worst Dicators
It's actually really good to not have religion in your country.
Austria is the worst at drinking Red Bull. They get too much energy from Red Bull and so start beating up other people to get themselves beaten up.
kazakhstan's smoking problem is in hungary right now
come to denmark and i will frineds with u unless you are a russian or a muslim - well i guuss the video was not worng after all ;)
Your windmill logo is turning in the wrong way.
Austria: We arent that good at winning wars recently
Ireland's housing crisis gets an honorable mention
7:50 WHY ISN'T SARDEGNA WHITE?!?
Portugal the least culturally diverse? Absolute bull. Anybody whose been to any suburb of any city will see it is majority non-Portuguese, mostly Angolan and Brazilian minorities.
Kosovo is not a UN member. It is not an official independent country. It is a breakaway region of Serbia inhabited by Albanians.
"...Which is 16 cigaretts per day" Me (a former chainsmoker):"Thats cute..." 906 deaths per million equals a deathrate of 0,0906% (!); for comparision= Influenzas deathrate (in the US) is 0,096% which is HIGHER then Covid
Youre telling me Armenia and azerbaijan is in europe but Turkey which actually has land in europe is not on the list?
Andorra sell the cigarretes to the catalan and french they don't smoke those cigarretes
I might be wrong, but why thumbnail highlights Ukraine as a European country, while Belorussia and Russia are not included, aren't those two European as well?
The Netherlands is just forgotten?? And Luxembourg? 😂
Austria is the worst at not having anything that it’s the worst at.
Why is cannabis consumption arguably a good thing while beer consumption is negative?
how is kazakstan europe?
Where is Norway??
I'm Estonian and a female. But now I think that I'm going to be a male.
Austria sucks at not winning a war and not getting sucked into Germany
I saw everything about Austria in comments yet no Slovenia
Fun fact : Armenia is in asia
Two year later and the Covid-19  thing is unfortunate. Belgium is worst at other things, like government formations.
Azerbaijan is not in Europe
I like how all the bulgarians are AWFULLY QUIET :D
Greece: politicians
3:56 dont worry bulgaria new neoghbor is coming soon and will be poor that you
This video seems bullshit
How can island be worst when they do the best thing smoking weed all day everyday
If Denmark is the hardest country to make friends in, I cant imagine how easy it is in other countries, I find it pretty easy to do.
serbia?
In Armenias defense in the militarized question they are surrounded by two of their mortal enemies
you forgot sardinia
*Romania: 300 € average earnings, in their own currency 1500 lej.*
Netherlands just got skipped hard
kazakhstan is not in europe. it is in central asia.
Austria is the worst at speaking german.  Es tut mir leid meine Österreichischen Freunde
Russia: Invading Country’s.
Austria prob most youth smokers
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe? The what?
austria is the worst at not starting world wars and blaming it on germany slovenia is the worst at highest number of femboys per capita
It is correct, in Denmark we prefer Danish people, maybe scandinavians and Germans, but not many beside that... Not that we hate anyone, we just dont want do be your friend and spend time with you :-)
As a Bulgarian, what was said about us is very true....unfortunately. More and more people are going to work and live abroad and never come back. And we are quite poor compared to other European countries...
Fun fact:In Greece they call Belarus as "Λευκορωσία" which means: White Russia
Andorra has low taxes on cigarettes, they don't smoke like chimneys.
Another thing that Estonia is worst at: It has the highest ratio of teenagers in Europe that regularly do drugs
Help me understand what the hell is "least amount of cultural influence" please
belarus biggest authoritarians, how many lockdowns they had, aha 0 but it is nice when your government is thinking to help you by locking you up, but hey they are democrats. Who believes in that shit anymore
2:00 putin in 2022: "let me introduce myself."
Idk what slovenia is worst at but i like my country the way it is yea slovenia may be bad at some stuff but its a great country Nice video btw
The Finland one just proves that these stereotypes are just bs
estonia W
finland goes between stages of being drunk and having a hangover
Im from Serbia and I love living in a country surrounded by European Countries 🤣 it is sooo nice living in this void. ❤️ But I wish we were in Europe like Kazakhstan is....  😘
Austria is the worst country and making artists
im greek so how are we gonna be able to give on charity when we owe the hair on our head?
I have a suspicion the estonian one is a bit flawed, first being the least religious isn't exactly a thing to call bad. secondly to my knowledge there is a considerable amount more women than men, perhaps thats why the pay gap is so big.
I don't think people living in Andorra have a smoking problem, their cigarettes are much cheaper and people from Spain and france go there to buy them, hence the high sales figure
We are very good at hiding the depression so we appeare happy :3 - A diagnosed depressed person from Finland
I think finland is bipolar
Austria has most youth smokers.  :(
azerbaijan having the lowest rate if vehicle ownership isn't necessarily a bad thing, it's actually a good thing
Based Estonia
As a Slovak i Can confirm that czechs do indeed drink alot of beer, like a lot lot of beer.
Finland, what a hell???
In Belgium we are the worst in the all world at making gouvernements
France also borders canada
Bullshit on armenias passport, Europe's least powerful passport is found in Transnistria.
dont tell austria they are the worst painting country in the EU.
what about lithuania and latvia????????
Since when did Armenia and Azerbaijan belong to Europe?
Since when did Armenia and Azerbaijan belong to Europe?
When l doesnt exist: ☹️
Austria gets confused lots with Australia and same with Slovenia and Slovakia so that could be one for both of them.
Slovenia has the least rich richest person in the world
There's no way someone didn't fudge the numbers about Finland...
With Austria maybe not starting world wars but it would have conflict with German with that
Not only was Finland nominated as the happiest country, it was also the 4th year in a row that it happened
Austria start ww1 And Czech Beer Is best on the world (btw i'm from czech)
Armenia is not in Europe
Im in slovenia
Greece isnt the least generous country . In ancient times greece was always the most generous ciuntry in the world . Letting people that they dont know to stay at home
Doesnt being least religious country in the world one thing that makes Estonia the best country in Europe, not the worst? 🤔 how is not believing in imaginary tales a bad thing?
why is ownership of a car a criteria? that's so random.............
hitler is born in austria
I didn't know Belarus was on the EU...
You forgot Romania ...
For Austria it's where moustache man was born and raised before taking over Germany
As estonian I hate Christianity but realy not have any other problem with religion
Austia = Never win a world war
I think you have to update your video. the highest covid-death for Belgium????
5:00 it's not that bad to not have a religion
Estonia is officially my favourite country
I live in estonia and am a girl. Guess I have lots to look forward to huh.
Iceland's biggest flaw : "highest consumption of cannabis in Europe"  Well that's just a matter of perspective
They should take depression into account when evaluating the happiness index.
I’m moving to Iceland just to get stoned
im sooooooooooo happy taht i am in greece
The UK not colonizing
When did Armenia and Azerbaij become european countries?
Azerbaijan ?in europe? what
I'm sorry how is being least religious bad?
bruh! 🇮🇸, i thought that 🇳🇱 was supposed to have cannabis...
🇬🇷🚬wtf
oof🇩🇪
🇧🇾 🍷🍺Huh?!
But Italy have the most difficult college in the world
Austria is the worst at giving birth to painters..
as a german im able to say we are also very bad at not starting a world war xD
Azerbaijan is a European country? That doesn't seem right.
Estonia should have a price for the religion-thingy
Where’s the uk? We’re shit at loads of things, you couldn’t even pick one?
Clown sweden is worse in every aspect...
austria birth place of nazis
Austria .....producing the worst generals and tactics in the first world war lol
Why is it bad that more than 80% is not religious in Estonia when have religion done any good in the world? but only separated people and starting war and hate towards one another
Least religious country doesn't sound like a bad thing.
Belgium May got hardest hit by covid'  But it's the most iconic and respectful and normal county in the entire Globe 🌍. May it be bless and greatness to Belgium . I love Kingdom of the Belgium.
You forgot norway
what the fuck Kazakhstan is not europ neither Azerbaijan or Georgia or Armenia wtf is this I love the channel but it is not European
Austria is the worst at accepting people into art schools
5:04 how is it bad to be non-religious = intelligent?
I am slowly realizing that just after a year this vid aged *a* *lot*
Right now Russia is winning the "least freedom of press" race...
In Vatican there is no McDonalds either 😅
5:02 i wouldnt say Estonia is the worst in Religion. Maybe they are the best in deleting this money burning and children fu*king club
The Finland thing is pretty understandable. It's a beautiful country that's covered in darkness for a large portion of the year
Austria is the worst at stopping their art school rejects from becoming fascist dictators
Austria isnt even worst at speaking german, thats the Bavarians
Me, being from Bosnia: *nervous sweating*
Russia Fascism
Belgium's problem is definitely not Corona since it is/was an international problem. Their problem is the complex political structure which makes it hard for them to make an quick decisions on a national level. I have to dislike your video because there are just too many facts that have been overlooked.
As for Austria; their negative point is that they depend too much on foreign gas. So their political campaign and economical success is very tied to this dependence.
@RealLifeLore the data on Andorra is based on how many packages of cigarettes are sold and not on the actual number of people smoking. This high figure of cigarettes sales are contributed due to the very low tax which means many people go to Andorra and sell it as contraband or for their own purposes abroad Andorra itself.
Worst thing about Austria is that they can't  win a world war. The best thing about Austria is that they started 2 world wars and successfully blamed it on the Germans.
When it comes to austria, their government has a track record for being corrupt.
Latvia and Lithuania?
Being non-religious isn’t a bad thing!
Dude, you know Romania is in EUROPE right? I don't see Romania in your list.
Andorrans when they heard the largest country in the world: woooooo.                                                    When they realise it’s without an airport: they had us in the first half.
Estonia is good to not have religion what the problem.
962 per million is a death rate of 0.0962% which is incredibly low. Not less that 1% but less than a 10th of 1%. And the vast majority of which are super old and/or ill beforehand anyway. And Belgiums supposed to be the worst?? Yet people are still scared of covid... Smh
germany- winning world wars
Austria is the worst at art if you know what I mean
I’m privileged, 1gbps.
uk: has cheese and onion crisps and the queen
Poland : being Poland
I mean, Ireland is next to UK, no wonder the cancer still spreads
i know something Slovenia is worst at, being good neighbours
kazahstan is cap about the smoking polad has probably 20% of kids smoking lol
Something tells me Austrias is quite obvious
Azerbaijan has been disliked by the United States Of America.
Estonia doesn't believe in invisible friends that want your money... Since when that became a problem?
Armenia and Azerbaijan are not in Europe
Estonia is the least religious country in europe "althrough you could argue this is what the country is best at, not worst at."
Hetalia already answered this:  Hell is a place where... all the cooks are English the engineers are French the policemen are all German and your lover is Swiss and the bankers are all Italian!
I really love how we (Czechs) are proud of our pseudoworst and correcting everyone :D Best country in the world <3 Czech Republic forever
Kekw Austria is the worst country in not starting a world war. And prepare our chancellor was few days ago visiting putin... So i guess everything comes in threes :(
The narrator: - If you know something Austria is the worst at let me know  I suggest opening a WWII book
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe??‽?? Just because they participate in eurovision doesn't mean they are in Europe
You are lieing
If it was in Asia  China : human rights
how the hell does iceland have the highest consumption of cannabis in europe??
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world" I don't see this as a bad thing :)
Austria is the country in Europe most likely to be mistaken for Australia!
azerbaijan such a European country
Technically, Austrians are the worst at being Austrian
what every country in the EU is worst at 7:59 Italy stands as the least cultural diverse country tied with Portugal. - I consider this to be a big win.
7:57 how the fuck is italy the least culturally diverse country in europe. I'd say thats arguably the most.
So the countries unnamed are the ones you do not know what is the worst about them or what they are worse at? Latvia - worst at governing, government is worst at lying and talking with community. Worst at stealing money from citizens and funds given by EU when it is obvious where that money goes. Worst at pretending nothing has happened. They are good at being corrupted though.
slovenia has poor military and no air force.   about Croatia... we have a one railway system which results in long passenger rides and long waits between stations (trains have to wait to let other trains, with higher priority, pass. people hate that, doesn't help the tickets are expensive and the upkeep doen't pay off. why do we have such a poor system? could be number of things. we haven't upgraded since it was built, last being in days of communism. also, due to our terrain and shape it would take way too much money since we're a very rocky and mountainous country.
Austria is one of few ones being worst at managing pandemic.
"Can you find what thing Austria is the worst at?"  Painting.
6:16 illegals are not refugees. ALL legal refugees in Germany get a roof over their head. And yes they can thank people like myself.
Kazakhstan my favourte European country
Ukraine also has two break-away states.
A lot of these countries are in asia
I hate Britain
No mc Donalds not mean it is worst
Hehe boii
wth armenia is in asia
Denmark is the hardest country to make friends in? I must be very good at it then
Try doing best instead
6.9 mbps that’s about the same speed as Medowie
How can you say Estonia is the worst by being least religious!? It makes it best on that list ffs.
Slovenia has some of the worst taxes... High taxes and you get very little for it. Also kazahstan, armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia... Not Europe. Not geographical, not geologically, not politically, not economy not culturally. Unless you are suggesting half of central asia doesn't exist.
andorra doesn’t rlly have a smoking problem it’s just cheaper to buy and borders with france and spain are pretty much unoticeable so people just buy cigs there
Statistics, this guy love it.
Why is Estonia’s lack of religion seen as bad? Surely that’s a good thing.
Austria is best at getting rejected students from the arts major from art school
America: guns, criminality, serial killers, school shootings, healthcare. Etc.
In Albania we dont have doctors because they all migrated to Germany.  Plus my father wouldn't take me to the doctor anyway. He thinks everything has to do with getting a cold, and if i put some more clothes on, ill be fine.
U forgot 1 country smh the netherlands
Finland is the most bi-polar country in Europe.
bruh why do you include belarus in your thumbnail graphic but not russia. politics aside, get real
4:59, thats good, religion sucks
How is Azerbaijan even close to being European
Belgium stat is misleading... We count it the other way, overestimating as a result. Generally countries used the underestimated way of counting
Not any f.....g Mc Donald's in Albania, I don't think it's something bad, on the contrary!
About the Andorran consumption of cigarettes, this has to be reconsidered, dividing the amount of cigarettes sold by the amount of inhabitants doesn't mean Andorran people are smoking that much... In fact, every day, plenty of people are coming from France or Spain to buy cigarettes (and spirits) in Andorra because it is much cheaper!
Hey man thats easy! We austrians are the worst painters in eurpoe and we are the worst at not not starting a world war
Armenia and Azerbaijan are not European countries. I stopped watching the vid, probably a lot more BS anyway.
Those borders of Europe are very generous. Usually nothing south of the mediterranean and east of bosporus and the Ural mountains is considered Europe. So for this video Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan as part of Europe are a stretch
8:45 what is kosovo? kosovo is not country.
I don't think least amount of cars or least religious is a bad thing.
We are sad and depressed a lot, but when we must compare our life to life iof people in world general we are happy. That is the strenght of good education of how the world really is.
Stupid shortcut at Min 1:20. i took the cigarette sales and divided by the population of Andorre.... Man you are stupid. Both France and Spain people come to buy cigarettes there when they need to move accross the border. Artificially pumping up the sales there.... They dont smoke all of this there. They sell.
Austria had the worst Covid restrictions
im the reason no one can make friends in denmark i stole them all B)
We (Austria) are the worst in starting world wars.
United Kingdom: pronouncing water
All of them have predominantly racist within political behavior. Mainly noticed when they wanna treat the Ukranians as "brothers" to afford help and even their own home to share(I'm seeing this a lot in Germany) and as for Africans and Muslims due to war refugees they just want to get rid of them. Pretty much disgusting and predictable
Its a common joke here in Finland that we are the happiest country because everyone whos unhappy kills themselves
i live in albania and i can confirm there is no mcdonalds
I dont see how the Death penalty is seen as a bad thing like not going to lie, If i did something terrible i'd rather be executed than live the rest of my life out in a cell only to die of age in jail.
Didn’t know Armenia was European!
Not sure how I feel about this video. It's weird hearing about bad internet and infant mortality in the same light, slightly joking tone.
Is high militarisation level bad on its own? We have to admit we are still living in a pretty unstable world.
To not have a McDonalds in your country, that is a BIG plus in my opinion.
Wouldn't transinistra be less recognize then kosvo?
As an Austrian: We are definitely the worst at having a stable government without any step downs. We had three different chancellors in the last months
Well actually that tiny bit of KZ’s territory in Europe that you’ve mentioned is bigger than most European countries. It account for 13% of Kazakhstan’s whole territory which at 2.7 mil km2 is larger than the whole Western Europe itself. So it is totally legit to call Kazakhstan a European country on the same grounds as   Georgia, Armenia and that kind of post USSR countries. Culturally it may not be European in a classic sense but there are plenty of countries that can be attributed with the same.
Austria - worst at fighting Nazi Germany
Hit different when he said if you want to stop being bad at something use skill-share sad fully I’m not sure skillshare can help us be better at not getting cancer and cystic fibrosis :(
Wel... I guess the Iberian Peninsula is a perfect place than xD
A thing Austria is the worst is in is winning world wars.
Oh Armenia is also bad at defending themself againts turcky (No offense I'm Armenian too)
I didn’t realize Armenia is considered part of Europe
russia is worst at not invading their neighbors
Poland: A lot vodka
So Russia is not part of Europe?
austria is the disabled cousin from germany
I would like to see one about asia.
austria dos not exist its all germany
You haven't even done other countries in Europe so your satistics are off totally  I will be watching the rest of your video.
Paygap doesn't exist : )
1:44 you didnt color the enclave of azerbaijan white
Austria speaks the worst German lol
@ Austria: According to a survey among expats in 2021, Vienna is the most unfriendly city in the world.
Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan.... wtf?
allow me to enlighten you on the horseshit terrible unusable nonexistent worthless bullshit that is norway’s infrastructure. Every road has like a 10% AT LEAST of puncturing one of your tires.
Nobody talking about Kazakhstan being in Europe 💀💀💀
I live in slovenia
if you didint notice some of this country not in europe
Ah yes, Kazakhstan my favourite European country 😂
Hitler was austrian
Armenia Georgia and Azerbaijan are in Asia
Gender pay gap... And you said about average salary overall.. it is not pay gap
hungary-politics
Sardinia is not Italy??
it's bizzare that bosnia has such a low quality air, given the fact that bosnia is basically a huge forest
great mic u got there
"Estonia is also the least religious country in the world". How is that a bad thing? That's the best!
I don't really know if not being a religious country is something bad?🤔
So, not being religious is a bad thing... Tell that to the crusaders or the isis.
Estiona's the least religion country in the world? That sounds like they're being good at atheism, not bad at religion.
The fact that is the hardest country to get friends in, is 2000% true. Denmark is arrogant, they dont care about strangers and they are toxic people.
Italy: "Least diverse culturally" One, that's a very good thing. Two, there are plenty of diversity by italians themselves if you know any history about Italy.
why are there so many non european countries in this video lol
You skipped so many countries...
"Albania is literally the only country in Europe to not receive any Mcdonalds." Well that explains the lack of doctors.
I love how you used this upbeat ’wave background track for this video hahah
Cheers, Czechia.
Now please do, what every country in Europe is best at haha!
andorras cigarette numbers must be purchased and not smoked, since spanish and french people go to andorra to buy duty free cigs
Bulgaria loosing people is not shocking.. they are all in Germany now 🤣
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe??? Read a book!!!
Hitler was Austrian...
Being the least religious country in the world sounds more like huge advantage… good job Estonia.
“Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe” that’s a good thing!
Austria is very worst in Football 😂 I'm German and I'm still waiting for the day  to get beaten once by our neighbours  😝
I am Greek and when I saw that people in andora smoke 17 cigarettes every day I was like, ok that's not so bad though. And then I saw our smoking problem and then everything started to make sense😂
Austrians are the worst at not starting world wars.
Estonia: Least religious country in the world.  So that's a best..?
Not sure how being the least religious country in Europe is a bad thing?
Austria is the worst at loving Germany
Where is serbia where is montenegro where is russia where is ukraine where is Lithuania where is litvania where is portugal where is spain where is Switzerland and others
We could argue that Czechs are the best at drinking beer, and not the worst
+ 4:40 THAT BEER DOESNT HAVE ANY FOAM
4:33 Yay.. Ye thats true we like beer but lie is that everyone drinks it so much. In Czech Republic exists lot of people not smoking not drinking alkohol not drinking coffein and not using drungs etc..
Hungary is the most rapidly devolving into an illiberal state. Seems worse.
Why is not needing religion a bad thing?
As an Italian, I found the "fact" of Italy being the least culturally diverse country in Europe to be the least believable of all those mentioned in the video. Italy received lots of immigration in recent years and is way more ethnically diverse than a lot of other European countries (over 10% of the population is made up by immigrants). And even if we were talking about ethnically Italian sub-cultures, Italy is defo one of the most diverse countries in Europe from that point of view. The current Italian territory was still split into many smaller states with different languages and traditions only about 150 years ago, so what the hell are we even talking about? It would be interesting to know who came up with that notion and how they performed their research. Btw even Wikipedia shows that there are lots of of countries with lower linguistic, ethnic, and religious fractionalization than Italy. Looks like RealLifeLore got it wrong this time.
There's a pretty large degree of inconsistency in this video.  1. "Least religious" 2. "Best cig sales" 3. "Most marijuana consumed" 4. "Most beer/hard alcohol consumed."  While the argument can be made that Estonia is the "worst at being religious" that logic doesn't translate to the counties who are technically the "best at smoking/drinking"  Especially when looking at such a medically benign product as marijuana which has far more benefits associated with it than negative side effects (thus why the end of it's prohibition globally has occurred so rapidly, such would not be occuring so quickly if there wasn't such strong scientific data suggesting it is not only non-harmful, but has numerous medicinal properties)
I don't think that being the most atheist country is bad. It fits rather in video "in what is every country in Europe the best."
RED AND BLACK
No Ukraine? So i assume we are best at anything we do 😎
4:00 I live in Croatia and you are perfectly right about it.
Armenia isn't part of Europe
Kosovo is not a country
Kosovo isnt a country. Kosovo is Serbia, deal with it!!
Meanwhile Romania: The worst country at being on a list as an European country.
I’m confused how is being the least religious country a bad thing?
So many things in this video are incorrect. That being said, good job.
I don't know why all wars start from Europe😶 the destroyer of humanity
As a Bulgarian, I need to correct this statement. What was said is true, but we are not leaving to settle in places with "better" standards. We are leaving mostly because of corruption, being forced by mafia who are stealing homes with the support of police and politicians. The deliberate lack of resources, the abysmal quality of medical care and the educational system, which was destroyed after 1989. So basically once we became a member of the EU it went even further down with EU leaders funding the mafia. US and EU are still dividing and funding mafia representatives. And I forgot to mention the prosecution, protecting, can you guess who 😀   Aaaand that's why we are leaving. Just a funny example. We have the worst rate of kids born, but even for the few kids born there is lack of places in daycare 😕.
Whats so bad about being least religious if anything, that is a good thing.
Where is Poland!?
Im from Finland.
5:00 I'm sorry, but how is not being religious bad?
How is taking drugs a merit ? Doesnt it mean ur taking drugs to battle stress and depression ? And Smoking of any sort is bad for lungs any ways.  I dont understand why people are pushing drugs like weed as a very positive thing to do ?  If u need it by all means take it, If u want it, just stay away. But pushing drugs as a good thing not a proper way to deal with ur problems, it wont solve any problems, ur just tricking ur brain that ur have solved an unsolved problem.  P/S.  Cannibis in Iceland.
Also Czechia: Holding a stable economy
Sir, where is Romania? Dont Tell me You din't find any dirt in it ...
Its very sad that Bulgaria is shrinking the fastest out of almost all countries in the world. Its a nice country with lots of potential, but because of this potential people just migrate to better countries and develop their careers there. Young people don't wanna bother with building a better nation if there is already such in existence to move to. Although we finally got rid of the corrupt government and things are looking good
5:00 and how exactly least religious is bad? On the contrary, it is good. It means that people have escaped the insanity and silly tricks like deputats saying that humans can't cause global warming, because only god can do it. And yes, that actually happened in US many years ago.
8:00 "Italy is the least cultural diverse country in Europe, tied with Portugal". I'm not really sure this is correct
Why not being religious is bad?? My most sincere congratulations Estonia, I look at you with healthy envy from Spain. I'm sure the world will open its eyes someday and there will end the most ancient conflicts at our planet.  PS: If the whole Austria would be Vienna, Austria would be the most snob country in the world. But fortunately the rest of Austria compensates with fantastic people and one of the most beautiful countries in the globe ❤️🇦🇹
Andorra probably has not tax on cigarettes. All the tourists are buying them up. There is no way the average Andorran smokes 17 cigarettes. If you back out the kids and the ones with Alzheimers and the non-smokers, the rest would have to smoke like two packs each day.
Austria are worst at making dictators
Estonia least religious? Honestly, I think that's something to be proud of.
Belgium: coronavirus death rate is not true anymore. Also, Belgium was one of the only countries in which the excessive mortality could be explained by the reported coronavictims (at one point, they even didn't check anymore if a death was related to corona, but they made assumptions, which were pretty accurate, in contrary to most of the other countries, our numbers were high because we were honest).
The fact that you included Kazakhstan but excluded Turkey is mind boggling
Azerbaijan is not in Europe?   It is no where near Europe either
Albanians: Damn it’s the 3rd earthquake this week!
I don't see a downside with the Czech Republic's entry. Or some of the others.
I don’t get where Switzerland, Spain, the UK, Portugal, Russia, Sweden, Norway, Moldova, Ukraine, Netherland, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Slovakia and Czech Republic are gone in the sentence: EVERY COUNTRY IN EUROPE
So Serbia is just skipped?
the captions are weird
Can someone explain the denmark one?
4:59 That would actually be something Estonia is best at in my opinion.
how is armenia, azerbaijan and such included here and not in asia tho
Nice video, but Armenia, Azerbaijan And Georgia aren't in Europe. That's Asia
least religious is nothing to be frowned upon. well done, Estonia
Not having a McDonalds is acually a good thing.
Your video has too many ads.
How is it being the least religious bad? Now, having the largest pay gap... that IS bad.
What a pathetic video... Some countries are not even in Europe😂🤣🙈
i love how armeia is asian
hospitality is low in Austria.
austria is bad at making good people (referencing hitler)
Austria is little Germany
Least religious country in the world.. you claim this as bad?
I totaly thought Germany would be worst in building Airports....
How is being the least religious country a bad thing???
The title is quite misleading because some countries are not part of Europe at all 🤷🏼‍♂️
You do understand the difference between "European countries" as in countries on the continent of Europe, and "EU countries" as in a completely diff thing? For a European, this title is misleading. EU is not Europe, it's a union of *some* European countries.  Additionally, Kosovo is not a country, nor a EU country. Get your political facts straight. This list is garbage
me: wanna know whats worst at my country 00:18
i dont know something austria is bad in... but they are good at blaming world wars germany
In germany are so many homlesss cuz germany takes most imigrants per capita in europe
you dint tell latvia, lithuania, russia, poland, lichenctin,vatican,monako,
5:00 being the least religious country in the world is something very good
Andora sells a lot of cigarettes but is not sure all for andorian's. The Spanish are making a lot of shopping in Andora it may be that the cause
Brazil does not recognize Kosovo, but it recognizes Kosovo passports
1:45 Austria: Worst at identifying high-risk vegetarian painters.
Not having a McD is an asset! Well done, Albania!
You forgot that Romania is in the E. U?
So finland is interesting, because it has a similar thing to alaska.  It's interesting how it works. Id explain but id doubt anyone will see this lol
In defence of Greece we might not be the best at charity but we were one of the few countries that had their borders open during the migration crisis
How the fuck is Azerbaijan in Europe? Its in Asia.
Austria=Germany
The reason Kosovars are most unemployment is that the minimum salaries of companies here is so low so Kosovars don't work for that salaries and they don't even try to start.
Kosovo is serbia
Most natural disasters huh .thats why so much stuff is broken unacceptable
how is having death penalty bad?
8:11  bruh i tho azerbaijan and armenia wasnt in europe before i watch this video and you tell me that kazakhstan is part europe too? my whole life is a lie.
Isn't it good when more people have no car?
I dont think saying "religion is less important" is the same as saying "its the least religious country".
How about Belium has the most governments of all European countries is mayby worsers then covid situation. I mean we have like 7 ministers for health??
I don't live in Europe
Love the video. I want new worsts for Czechia, Andorra, and Belarus tho. Being the best at a bad thing and being the worst at something are not the same thing.
as an azerbaijanian i have not died when i was born but everyone else pretty much did
Austria they produced a man who started ww2
Where is the netherlands? it doesnt matter if you dont do it but at least mention it
Not sure if Bulgaria is the poorest EU country... We're gonna have an debate
i hate this video!!!!!!!!!Why didn't u put Romania?
Austrias worst at getting blamed for world wars
Austria has not only one of the highest obesity rates in Europe, but the world.
i dont remember Azerbaijan or any country thats past turkey’s istanbul towards the east being part of europe
6:33…. WHY THE F DO PEOPLE SMOKE???
Being Irish our worst thing being cancer hits me cuz the only members of my (close) family that have died, have died to cancer
We all knew he only found stuff about hitler for austria
If you were to rearrange the syllables in Swe *den* and _Den_ mark and exchange them mutually exchange them you would get Swe _den_ and *Den* mark.
Let me guess how you calculated the paygap, you took the total of all the jobs men occupy vs all the jobs women occupy instead of comparing the pay of the same work they do per hour.
Austria is the worst at analyzing paintings.
5:50 but that good. If fewer people are religious in a country, there are fewer prejudices over those of other faiths.
Austria is the worst at being blamed for both world wars
I love that picture. Very accurate thumbnail
How is it worst to not be religious
(austrian here)  - not starting world wars  - keeping a chancellor  - people are unable to line up - krampus (terrifying for children)  - socially accepted xenophobia   These aren't necessarily things they're the worst at, but austria do has bad sides too.
1:43 Austria - one of only a few countries in Europe with mandatory conscription
For Bulgaria everything u say is right
Even tho Bosnia has those mines and bad air quality you still have to try our Ćevapi lol.
Didn’t know ireland and iceland where such girls 🤣
Me what happened between 1098 and 1918   Austria sweats
I love the european country Kazakhstan
4:42 thats why i have no friends
Finland be like "So you're the happiest country?" *"Yesn't"*
You didnt mention Latvia.
"Estonia is the least religious country in Europe.." I thought this is about what countries are the WORST at, not the BEST?
What, why Estonia not giving religion much important is a bad thing? I think that's commendable
Its not Czechia its Czech republic
Bro ( i don't CAEEEEE) 👎 dislike
Norway
Fun fact Austria is worst at participating in wars
Iceland: Is a country, that has no gender, countries can't have genders RLL: " *She* is Europe least's densely populated country"
funny enough that in ALL European Countrys Switzerland is not even mentioned... :D
Austria: resisting to start a world war
Whoo wait wait wait 1- in Italy we don't have college, and if you mean Uni, the percentage it's around 27% not 17%, looks like you need some glasses 2- THE LEAST CULTURALLY DIVERSE??? WTF, if you walk 100m people will be literally be talking another language, and every region has it's own variation of language and culture, how can you be more culturally diverse than this  I was ready to accept that we had the most religious population of Europe, or the worst drivers of the world, but those things you said are absurd
In Greece we don't believe in working for free and as we have a very low income as is, spending our free time in order for others to profit doesn't seem likely. we want to spend our free time at the sun and with our friends, families and hobbies. if you worked 10 hours a day for 500 euros and less you would like to see your kids  and take them for an ice cream instead of being a 'good samaritan".  also in the us kids are introduced to volunteer work in school. kids in Greece spend 2-5 hours daily of their "free time" in afrerschool activities such as music lessons, sports, foreign languages classes and extra classes in the 2 last years of high school which are a must if you want to enter a university. most them in other countries are part of the curriculum but in Greece kids spent all their afternoons in outside classes and sports activities if they want to exercise and socialize. the rest of the time is for hard studying and half an hour tops of leisure. that's why kids in high school are reported to gain a great amount of weight as their forced to spend 12 hours sitting in a class studying and the 4 studying for the final exams and they drop any sport activities.  finally, in greece if you do any volunteer work it doesn't give you any deductions from the taxes. only big corporations get a deduction if they sponsor such activities. and one thing Greeks hate is hypocricy and others profiting on their good will
austria is the worst at eating onions
I apologies, but Bulgaria is not the  poorest country lately, even it's around the middle of that list of European countries, it really depends on which factors are we focusing on, but I will just name a few countries that are poorer by each and every major statistical factor related to salary, purchase capacity, GDP and such - North Macedonia, Turkey, Russia, Belarus, Montenegro, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Ukraine, Kosovo and i have missed some for sure - not that Bulgaria is a rich country or anything, but that common myth have to be debunked once and for all, nevertheless it's been a tale, dating from the 90s and yeah - I guess it could have been a fact for several years, but that's in the history now. The biggest social problem related to such rumors is that in reality like 50%(less but still much) of the young people are migrating to richer countries and that put with the fact the nation is slowly dying/has the worst population decline is the cause of an interesting phenomenon you could easily guess about. On the other hand - the decrease of the population also creates some beneficial for those remaining in Bulgaria people - living conditions and access to goods and privileges due to the lack of aggressive competition in some market niches and similar factors...
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
Me reading the thumbnail in class:   "Worst country in Europe A - K....."  Quiet kid: 4 7
>Albânia doesn't have McDonald's I thought this was supposed to show bad things 🤔
4:32 So glad for my country
Azer: Lowest freedom of Press. Russia: Hold my Vodka
So Danes are unfriendly then? I hope this will not crush my dream on going to the country, especially when I'm a very social person.
Austria is worst at beginning with the letter z.
Till when is ateism bad ?? Eveyone who belive that something like god exist is literally ape, so they r the best at it, not the worst at it, wtf, guess u r also ape
Real Life Lore, best at advertising Skill Share. Worst at? Being ill informed? That's actually a good thing. Hmm.  I don't know.
What the Hell is Omerose?
Albania is also the only? Muslim country in Europe. I'm not saying it's inherently bad, I'm just saying it's rare.
As a bulgarian i can safly say that every third person you see on the street is a future imigrant or is already and has just returned for a trip, about the poor problem.... yeah levs (which is our money system) is so small like a single dolar is 2.43 levs or something we may be small and poor but damn it we are beutiful Edit:Our presidents and country control are the WORST anywhere you go there would be, like a hole in the streat becouse the goverment here is so dumb that every time they can squeeze miney from something they do it
i live in Slovenia 😐
The thing in Germany is that citizen get a home and a bit of money when they are homeless, but only where they are registered which isn't really a problem because there nearly isn't a place you can't reach with public transit
Greece: Worst debt crisis, also THESE BASTARDS ARENT CHARITABLE Lol
3:15 chocolate masks
Is Estonia having the lowest religion a bad thing?
Estonia as the least religious country is imho something that it is best at.
As a greek, I feel like the debt/economy thing makes the charity thing pretty self explanatory. But please, don’t take it as that we’re not a friendly people, we’re very hospitable and would love for foreigners to visit and enjoy our country.
Armenia is in Asia🤦‍♂️
Me checking if Poland will be here: & A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P & YESS it's here me: wait. THERS K NOOOO
i didnt watch the vid yet, but  i hope i see romania a lot
ngl some of these aren't that bad like most militarised or least vehicles
Belgium is not worst at anything?
Japan started ww2
Is Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia (Saqartvelo) really in Europe though?
How is ”least religious” a bad thing in Estonia?  (I’m not saying it’s a good thing, but it’s not a bad thing neither)
Armenia , Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are in Asia
Man they keep forgetting about our country
No onions for the austrians
Austria is bad at being bad
cyprus is tecnically in asia
austrians are worst at art
austrians are worst at art school
Worst at religion means best at critical thinking
8:11 MY COUNTRY, KAZAKHSTAN 🇰🇿 🤯.
Germany has arounf 50k homeless people. You're talking about people without a rental contract and immigrants that live in shared homes which are around 440k
Albania never haved a Starbuck Mc donalds and Burgerking and we are the winner
how is being the least religious country a bad thing? religion led to both good things in history as well as bad things so it's neutral to be or not be religious
I just don't understando why Estonia is the worst for being the least religious
Usa is democracy
You included east thrace but not european russia? What kind of monster are you?
I came here to see slovenia and was immediately rejected
Austria ia liteeally a fascist state where for breaking A SPEED LIMIT you can go to jail, also mandatory covid masks in your own home.
The island that is below Corsica is named Sardegna and it is also part of Italy. Sorry but I'm Italian and I can't stand that there isn't.
This guy sucks at geography XD
why is kazakhstan and not romania......???????
“Andorra is the biggest country in the world! (That doesn’t have an airport)”
the number of homeless people in Germany is ridiculous. every single train and corner is contaminated with them
how did he forget the UK is in europe?
4:56 im not surprised if estonia is gouverned by an organization of fatherless fake feminists
Romania
Pssst Kosovo is not a country...ask UN ;)
'Least religious country in the world' - Why are you listing plusses?
Austria had two different kinds of fascist governments in one year
The whole Europe is worst at keeping their soldiers inside
croatia be mad cus kosovo
Guess what  you know what Russia was bad at . Being invaded by a Central European country aka Germany in both of the world wars
Everyone is talking about Cyprus but why doesn’t anyone talk about *Georgia*  Ahh… My favourite European Country!
I did not know Armenia, Azerbajian, and Kazakhstan was in Europe I thought they were in asia
Estonia should be proud of being the least religious
The research that has been conducted shows that Estonias pay gap is sth made up by the women o: It just appears theyre getting paid less because they've more likely to take unpaid leave.
Wow you make people sad just because you’re telling them that their country is worst what is that feeling? If someone told about your country is worst? Well I thing you would not feel good like the people you told them
Armenia Georgia Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are all in Asia
As a belarussuian I feel almost physical pain while watching this. I'm so done with my country. With the state that it's in. I'm literally hurting. I want to leave
Azerbaijan with the lowest rate if vehicle ownership? doesnt that mean they are the best at not producing co2 ?
Hehe austria is just too good :)
Azerbaijan and Armenia are not part of Europe at all
Hm 1.23 its like wtf in kosovo we dirnk 30 xigaret is smoke 💨 how you say it
Where is poland and uk?
In Finland, they either clap hands hard or they don't...
How is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing. I wouldn't call it a good thing, but it isn't a bad thing either.
"They see me smile all the time, but little do they know, I have the highest depression rate in Europe" - Finland
"Azerbaijan has the lowest rate of car ownership" That's actually good, they use public transport. Good for you Azerbaijan.
Im suprized Latvia wasn't in this video I really wanted to know what its worst at
I dont know if i am supposed to be glad or sad that austria is worst at nothing
Austrians are the worst at being annexed
5:01 religion should be something they are best at. Change my mind.
Highest rate of cancer...yeah that sadly sounds right
My guy selected only the italian peninsula and not Sardinia
Austria is worst at protecting the people COVID
Vatican city: Best at being small, worst at being large
I think in Austria live the least one-eyed mongolians with turnip addiction.
I know what Austria is the worst at. naming towns.
Austria, they gave us Hitler
Andorra is the largest country in the world... lol he caught me off guard
There's nothing bad about austria......Oh wait
austria is the worst at getting onions
Austria is the worst at being worst at something and Slovenia is the worst at being worse than Austria
Nobody: Literally nobody: Finland: you’re the happiest person or depressed. Choose one.
0:28 woudnt say it was a bad news,its more lile compliment
Austria has the worst mustache fashion
Austria is the worst at being the place where Hitler wasn't born
Austria is the worst at getting vaccinated.
We Austrians dont have anything we are worst at 😌
Are places like Azerbaijan even considered part of Europe. Cullturally they're more relatable to the Middle East/asia.
Poland: making good allies
4:45 the introvert nation
But Kosovo is Serbia not a country by it's self
Ok American
actually the highest rate of depression is false
Austria is worst at world wars. They were part of the empire that instigated the first one and the guy that kicked off the second one was born there.
Austrians are the worst at painting🖼
kazakhstan, azerbaijan, georgia and armenia arent in europe
Ok... Two things: - some aren't problems - those aren't european
france is the worst at having their longest land border in europe
you are exactly right,i live in bilgaria and we have money only to build buildings
Austria is worst for accepting art schools
You didn't highlight all of Azerbaijan, and Croatia land btw
Austria is the worse at not starting world wars
1:44 painting
turkey: worst at keeping their economy afloat
Austria: Keeping an Empire together
“Every country” Bro he didn’t even say my country and many others
Is Poland no longer in Europe xD
Where Norway??
7:50 Italy: I'm litterally perfect Sardinia: I'm a joke to you?
Nice video
Someone was real high making this vid for sure...
Armenia isn't in Europe though
Czech drinks a LOT of bear 🇨🇿🇨🇿 Im Slovak and we love bear too 🇸🇰
im just telling off my country but italy also has the mot people without a job in the EU
"Poorest country in the European Union." My parents: **and i took that personally.**
Austria is worst at being included
Hmm i think what every european nation is bad at is hmmmm let me think... peace?
Death Penalty isn't bad.
kazachstan isnt europe
Well that was depressing wasnt it
I agree that Iceland 8s the best at that 🚬☘️
Greece is actually a very generous country. I went to Greece and the people were very nice!
I would say winning a world war is what Austrians are worst at
4:55 why is that a problem? Gender earning differencess are due to men and women making difference choices
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is a very good thing. How is a large portion of the population believing in fairytales a good thing?
Armenia technically is an Asian country...
Why does the subtitles have a stroke or something.
I think austrian are really bad at art
What Every Country in Europe is worst at: Czechia: Worst at not drinking beer
1:38 Getting into art schools
If Kazakhstan has the highest ammount of underage smokers in Europe, then China has the highest population in Europe... And South Africa is the most "south" country in Europe
Austria has the worst painters
I don't understand how Estonia being the least religious is bad. That's a subjective opinion. That shouldn't even be classified as best or worst. It's just a percentage
Belgium also has the worst political system in the world even North Korea is better with politics then we
Greece dept is cuz germany on ww2 and the allies again on ww2. Their actions cost greece millions if not billions of euro that they still trfuse to pay or admit
How is the Belgian one something we're bad at??
austria is the worst at art school
Switzerland is bad at engaging in wars
Any one notice that he forgot to color that one Province of Azerbaijan That's on the other side of Armenia
Me: came to this video to see slovenia. THE title:im going to ruin this mans whole carere
I live in the uae so do the middle east next both best at and worst at and do what europe is best at
Miss your little live
Worms 🐛 the best
Tutorial is for the best
What the
i live in belgium and have not got covid yet
Hey isnt that good that our country is not the worst at anything?
Kosovo is not country
I live in Denmark and has my whole life I have 2 freinds and no I’m not just anti socal
How are Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan in Europe ? They are in Asia
Albania doesn't have trains so they got the lowest volume of rail passengers
Bro , where did you read this cap , nothing is true from this shit
Of course we Czechs drink a shitload of beer, we literally know how to make homemade whine
Cyprus has 6.9 mbps That's not an accident.
Pretty sure Azerbaijan Armenia and Georgia are West Asian countries
Austria the worst at vaccinasation, they abused human rights first in Europe making deadly covid vaccines compulsory almost for everone.
Austria started the first world war and was the birth country of Mustache man And Slovenia idk they have a lot of femboys lol
Damn, i know Belarus isn't the best country, but what is that about us having slaves?
Don't see why Czech Republic drinking half liter of beer per day on average is suck a bad thing; they are the best beer connoisseur in the world.
oh my god
How is "least religious country in the world" a bad thing? Does it even really matter? Do people think this makes Estonians less moral?
Kosovo je Srpski
You forgot Sardinia when showing Italy.
Actually Belgium has the highest covid 19 mortality rate because most countries only include confirmed covid cases in their numbers. Belgium includes every death that could perhaps have been caused by covid, even if there is no proof or test results. Kind of a bummer, of all things we are the worst at it's one that isn't true :P
Austria is the worst at keeping friendships
Kasachstan Europe ?!?... Haha of course it's like calling the USA a nice britisch oversea territory.
Austria is the worst at being blamed for wars😂
For Azerbaijan you forgot to highlight nackchivan
Where’s Norway
A am from Austria. So I don't know if this counts but we are basicaly the reason for both Worl Wars.
A am from Austria. So I don't know if this counts but we are basicaly the reason for both Worl Wars.
Since when is Armenia, azerbeijan, kazakhstan and cyprus in Europe?
The Austrians are known to be the most unfriendly country towards tourists, also in make anything for them incredibly expansive.  Directy after France.
The people in Andorra don´t smoke that much, cigarretes in Andorra are SOOOO cheap compared to Spain and France, so people near to Andorra buys big amounts of cigarrets there lol
What France is bad at: French
You're from USA, I'm sorry for your loss
can someone explain to me the meaning of "pop smoking" ?
Austria is worst at getting blamed for both world wars.
Car are bad.
Please do this but with North America and Asia!!!
Come to Italy almost all the people are smoker
Austria is bad at uniting with Hungary and keeping it unified.
Okay?
he he he he he he he his his his his
That's true that 84% of Estonians think that religion is not important to they're lives.
I was exepecting landmine problem for Bosnia. My grandpa almost died from landmine but he had luck and landmime didn't exeplode. With him we're half of my mothers family.
7:48 since when did Sardinia become independent?
Austria easy... mustache man
"Europe"
LETS GOOO AUSTRIA #1
armenia, azerbaijan, georgia, and kazakhstan are all in asia.
Косово је ♥️ Србије 🇷🇸
Why the f*** would you categorize "least religious" as "something worst"? Makes no sense at all. On the contrary I would put this on a "something best"-scale.  Get educated RLL. I kinda liked your channel, but that single error, kinda made me doubt...
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership isnt perhaps a bad thing in our climate crisis era!
Im late but Austria is bad at producing painters…
Just a note that keeps bothering me, Belarus is pronounced as like bela Roos instead of like bela rus. I really like your videos it’s just something that’s been bothering me
Azerbaijan Armenia and Georgia,,, how it is in Europe
Austria is the worst at art school
Estonia: "Least religious country in the world" and that's bad by... how actually? Estonia should be damn proud for that thing!!!
Actually in Greece the old days smoking weren't bad now it is cause when my grandfather was a kid they putted plants from their fields in it so now they can't stop it and we are one of the least generous countries cause grecce is actually something like the border between Europe Asia and Australia so every one who wants to leave Asia and come here must pass from Greece and they usually steal things from us for example someone from Pakistan who was poor tried to steal my dog and eat him but Greek shepherd is one of the strongest dog breeds and the Pakistani got karma in the face and ofcaurse I spended my money to souvlaki and not to this stupid killer I Don t care if he is hungry now he Don t deserve this after trying to steal my dog
Since when kazahstan is in europe XD
yes Slovenia 😀
Austria is probably the worst at art, mostly during 1920-1940's
Austria is the to worst at preventing both world wars
I live in austria, 30 seconds Is all I needed to watch of this video
Jes its dumb that (Belgium) have the highest corona death rate but our leaders dont take action with rules or a lockdown or something
these vietnamese english captions really helped me understand
Austria has the hardest art universities to get into
How about Sweden?
I am a Croatian and I can say that the amount of railway passengers is so small for a specific reason. During time of 2nd Yugoslavia in the 70's it was planned to build a train rail from somewhere in Istria all the way to Albania or somewhere more south, can't remember exactly, for the transport of cargo. It was planned to be the main route for the transport. But it was never finished till the end and it's old and rusty and needs replacement.  And it doesn't affect my life much so I don't really care. So I guess were really good standing
Well now in austria our Bundeskanzler is changing every day
This is easy. Austria is the worst at not being insufferably pretentious.
Bruh u missed Lithuania and Latvia
Azerbaijan don't belong to Europe but to Arab countries
Austrians try really hard to be so cool, then I remember that Hitler was born there... Also Czech Republic has the highest number of pornstars per million.
4:37 no thats finland
austria is the worst at winning world wars
Bulgarians be like: bring it on nothing can surprise me
Why least religious is bad?
I'm finnish and i can say that uhh we just are honest? IDK like i think it just depends on the day we also drink the most coffee in the world so that might be related? Might not be like i think it might be that the more modern and advanced a country is maybe like uhh seiusly i don't know finland is a weird place like america is a difrent place and i feel like finland is one of the countries that should just be a standart
you forgot that we serbs dont recognise kosovo as country tho kosovo is serbia
Same For Asia Pl 🇮🇳 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
4:35 what is bad on consumption beer wtf. absolutely normální vole...
Austrians are bad at art
I don't see how drinking most beer (good beer) and. It believing in a deity are "worst" anythings. Also France has waaaay more territorial disputes than that, especially in what are still officially called occupied territories or colonies by the UN :-/
3:04 Ah, alright...time to go to the dutch then..
0:45 *...* *no* why...* *AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA*
There's one thing Austria is worst at: giving birth to H*tl*r
azerbaijan european?!
And here thought Germany would be the worst at losing world wars.
POV: You came to make fun of european snobs.
Wow
Austria is the worst at doing this video
SLOVAKIA NUMBER 1
The Andorra smoking fact is definitely wrong. It’s because so many enter Andorra to buy cigarettes.
Andorra has no tax on Tobaco so a lot of people go there to by tobaco thats why they seem to smoke a lot
Belgium: have you seen who their minister of health is?
5:05 Wait, is "least religious" a bad thing?
Im Armeian and im confused. Most Militarized what?
austria has lots of problems trust me
me ( a belgian): please don't talk about how the roads are bad or that we have two times the record for the longest time without a government or maybe something worse reallifelore: coronavirus me: ah nothing really bad
German's immigrant problem i can guarantee you is the reason why there's so many homeless, there's no homeless germans just immigrants :)
comment number 16.000
Austria is the worst at not getting anschussed
The fact about iceland is false. I dont know where you got that information, but weed is not legal here, and extremely hard to come by. Almost no one smokes it.
Austria... made the worst leader in history?
Greece: wrost politician in the world, wrost in power porduction, wrost waste management. and many others ty my country sad songs everywhere
Having a low level of religiosity is an absolute win on every front.
Austria is worst at letting people in art school tbh
I never knew Kazakhstan was a part of Europe
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? It's really neither good nor bad
well I know one austrian who did something quite bad
The food.
Many ppl in Spain and France go to Andorra to buy tobacco because it is cheaper there, I think this is why they have that crazy average of cigarette consumption
*Sad Belgian noices* :(
Italy is not deverse? Ma questo è del mestiere?
Austrians  Worst at wining world wars
Austria: Has the unfriendliest Capital City in Europe/ the World
U are American right? Azerbaijan isn't Europe
How is being the least religious country bad or good? I mean that sounds like religion is a purely good thing and that is just bs.
0:32 WTF IS THIS!? KOSOVO IS SERBIA!!!!!!!!!!!!
Armenia is in Europe or azberjian ? I guess west of the urals
I like how he talked about so many counties that aren’t even in Europe but didn’t actually mention so many of the European countries
Actually Estonia is the best country with the 84% that do not overestimate religion.
Austria: unstabil goverment
Well there is one thing Austria is worst at, and its worst at choosing students to study at art schools
Austria has a reputation with europes worst art students.
as a hungarian i think high taxes are because of power hungry Orbán Viktor
As a Dane i can confirm that i do not have any friends
Can you explain this geography to me. It is said that Istanbul is a city on two continents… Asia and Europe. So I assume Asia starts on the eastern side of the Bosphorus. Yet you mention countries that are a thousand km/miles to the east of Istanbul as being European.
No McDonalds is a bad thing?
No one takling about this man dont know Where belgium are
Hot take: cultural homogeneity is NOT a bad thing. Common values and traditions bring people together, and you need that if you don't like smashed windows and burned cars.
Azerbaijan and Armenian are in Asia NOT in Europe  I’m not going to watch any of your videos any longer AS THIS IS A VERY STUPID MISTAKE AND I WOULD NOT TRUST YOUR INFORMATION AS A LEGIT SOURCE  I can’t believe it  Have you been attending at least any state school in your life?????? They teach about that in first grade mite At least in Europe they do For shame mite For shame 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
Austria: worst at accepting people into art schools when it matters… cough cough Vienna.. cough cough mustache man
Austria - extreme xenophobia.  And Estonia being the least religious is not a bad thing.
i tripped so hard when he said Azerbaijani people don't have many cars and a minute later: "Also, Belarus has a slavery problem."
Least religious? That's a good thing! Way to go Estonia ❤️
Austrians are the worst at getting into art school
Gut gemacht Österreich ❤️
Why is Estonia not being religeous a bad thing? I'd sooner say its an upside
totally agree with the statement at 8:38
Least religious country is not a bad thing tho
Funny how the figures are taken at face value. Finland is only happiest because the miserable have already killed themselves, take a look at the suicide rate.
1:44 taking the blame for ww1 and ww2
6,9 mbits holy shit that's faster than 85% of Germany. Most of Germany doesn't even have mobile internet coverage. No worries Germany startet starving the homeless to get rid of them. Since corona they simply closed the food handout places that the homeless  and actually 1/5th of the students relied on. I can confirm that Denmark isn't easy to make friends in, people are often to tight with a few friends they have known for many years or decades and have no time or space for new friends plus the people are often introverts. To make friends i guess you'd need to join some sports club or constantly go to the same bar
France is also most likely the SLOWEST administration in the world ngl
The poorest country of the EU is: Moldova not Bulgary
I don’t know anything about Slovenia except that Luka Doncic is from there
Austria is the worst at defending themselves against Germans
Since when is Kosovo a country?
Where is switzerland on this list
I czech drinking beer while watching this video
Armenia is in Asia...
Came here to see my country, England... oops lol, I almost forgot.
Austria have worst painters
Austria is the worst at being a "bad guy" in the world wars that doesn't get blamed when they started it.
How exactly are Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe?
Some of these countries, such as azerbaijan, aren't really in europe are they?
how about ukraine?
Kazakhstan based European country
Slovenia worst at getting mentioned in this video, Austria close second
I definitely don't agree that Estonia's least religious population is a "worst at" attribute. It is definitely a "best at" attribute.
Austrians are bad at accepting people into art schools.
Austria is co-ruling an empire
I feel like as a Croatian were much worse for some stuff, but I guess not having enough trains is bad lol. Gud video
How is least religious a problem?
Least religious country in the world is a bad thing? Humanity has still got ways to go.
It's my first time known that Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan in Europe??!!
Bro there is no slovakia
The mapping of Azerbaijan is incorrect, you forgot the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic
Why are Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan here? That's Asia not Europe. Europe's border goes through the Urals,then along the coast of the caspian sea, then either above the Kavkaz or potentially at Russia's border, then through the middle of the black sea, through Istanbul and along the northern coast of the mediterenean (+ most the Islands and Cyprus).
Austrians are really bad at getting accepted into art school..
i come from slovenia our country is worst at treating its citizens normaly we are underpaid af here and we all work 10 hrs a day for a 8 hr pay check
HAH! Am not suprised Belgium is in there. xD Oh...just covid huh...ok...
my man put armenia in Europe
Rip as a Belgian
I didn’t mean it ……………….
The Netherlands exists i Europe why did you not include it 😤😤😤
Cyprus 6.9mb per sek. come to rural Germany to experience the real 800kb per sek
Another one for Belgium is that it took them more than a year to create a government
I think you left out a few islands belonging to Greece there Mr RealLifeLore ...
I Can confirm that denmark is not hard to make friends in🤨🙃
GEORGIA 🇬🇪 YES some people work for 60€ month some 3000€  🙂 but Abkhazia and south Ossetia is Russia's doing not their own.
Ukraine where?
Austrians: least friendly.
A few things Denmark: Highest tax rates in Europe Czechia: Most unhealthy country in the world Also, any Scandinavian country it is hard to make friends in
I expected Hungary's worst to be worse but Its actually not that bad.
Azerbaijan and Armenia are European countries ?
OH, you little cheater. There is no homeless crisis in Germany. Every refugee without a own flat counts as "wohnungslos". Without a home. But they are not living on the street. In 2018 there were about 670000 "homeless". 440000 of these were refugees. And believe me, they are not comparable to a real homeless person. At least not here in Germany.
Andorra’s smoking rate is inflated Bc people go there to buy cigarettes
austria has vienna, which was very boring when i visited
7:10 I go to *Iceland*
You know what austria is worst at?  Not causing world wars
Austria is worst at not being responsible for World Wars. 2/2
Austria huh, oh I know conquering
Austria: worst police, lots of tourist traps. I paid 100 euros fine for driving a few seconds into what seemed like a parking lot (lots of cars parked there) but apparently was a pedestrian zone. When I tried to get out, a few seconds later, they demanded 100 euros, only cash, no card accepted. They also didn't want to send the fine to my EU country, they wanted it paid immediately. Never visit Salzburg!!!
England : worst at being in Europe
Yeah, the worst thing about my country is that we have extremely cheap and very high quality beer. Big negative! 🤣
since when is armenia located in europe?
Am from Bulgaria  ):
Man, I'm sure glad I don't live in europe!
Austria actually shares the worst speaking of the german language with Switzerland.
Austria is the worst at being blamed for wars
why is being the "least religious " something they are "Worse" at?  if anything, that's an example for the rest of the world to follow.
hitler in his grave : if i wasn't betrayed by himmler and the others germany would have been the most prosperous country in the world
Kazakhstan is in Central Asia
@7:52 you forgot to highlight Sardinia
-I am Austrian  Let's see what we are wors... Ah shit here we go again
"Albania doesn't have a McDonald's" Well, actually that's pretty positive
0:44 No Mcdonalds? What a shame. 😂🤦
Last year i got caught in my school toilet where somebody had smoked before. Try to guess the country
Austrians are bad at doing anything casual
KOSOVO IS SERBIAA
How about Turkey? You included kazach
Stop calling it expat, there is already a word for it and it is called migrants
about estonia: how is not being religious bad thing?
Belgium worst: having a government
Arminia is worst a being in Europe.
Sweden just peaced out
Austrians are worst at being accepted in art schools
Finland is the happiest country in the world because all the sad people keep killing them selfs
What is going on in italy Chile
well i live in belgium
No sweden and norway dumb
austrians are the worst at not having the dot capital of the world
Austria - highest number of people named Adolf Hitler born
You can tell the guy that made the video is an american. Next thing will tell us that Antarctica is right on the coast of Black Sea.
Armenia is not in Europe wtf it's from euroasia
Austria and Slovenia op
We Austrians are the worst at electing our government lol. No seriously, we are in the media either because of Incest scandals or our Politicians scandals. Also there was a time we were leader in underage drinking ending up at the hospitals, there was a time the term "Komasaufen, (Comaboozing)" was in the news daily because so much underage ppl were ending up in a coma, dying or with severe permanent damage etc.
Well, just shows Austria is the best at everything
Having a low vehicle ownership rate is not a bad thing
Human Rights of varying degrees could literally be said about every one of these
Including fucking KAZAKHSTAN in European country but not Turkey ? What a joke
Plot twist : Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and a huge part of Turkey are Asians countries.
What *EVERY* European country is bad at is being a free and liberal democracy.
Fun fact: Belarus is called  "Hviterussland" which means  "White Russia"
Bosnia worst at: 1. Beeing a country 2. Welcoming Austrian princes
I really like how austrians are wearing silk gloves, beeing super polite and high art bullsht, trying to act like they had nothing to do in world history.  Rest of the world: we know your secret.
i live in Denmark, and it not that hard to get frends, but like in moustly time you have to be first to start conversasion. And i am from Lithuania, and well that true, in my clas was only 10 boys But 18 girls
The caucasus countries and turkey a part of Europe
Sometimes our Ski Lifts don't run on time here in Austria. That's about the worst thing here
4:13 i see 6.9 mbps as an absolute win
I live in belgium 🇧🇪
Austrians are the worst at art
According to your map, Italy has more breakaway states than Georgia: Sardinia, Elba, Pantelleria, and like 10 more.
Azerbaidjan is not in Europe.
bosnia isnt bad it has best food best meat and the land mines are making bosnia and herzegovina historical, air quality is bad but not where I live in (good place to live in bosnia) and yes air quality is really bad at bosnia but some really cool ppl r fixing it so stop dodging bosnia its good
17 smokes a day doesnt seem that bad compared to a construction site
I thought Austria is gonna be about the moustache guy or the joke that Austria always blame germany for World war
France is worst at being likable
People don't smoke that much in Andorra, cigarettes are just really cheap so French and Spanish people (especially French because cigarettes are really expensive here) go there to buy cigarettes whenever they can. It confuses the data because most of the cigarettes sold are actually bought by foreigners.
Andorra have this stadistic because a lot of people from spain and france go to buy cigarretes there because there arent high taxes on cigarretes as spain so there a pack of cigarretes cost 3€ while in spain costs 5€. So people go there and buys lots of packs. So there arent more smokers in andorra its only that lots of people buy cigarretes there.
And where is Latvia and Lithuania....?
What austrians are worst at. Speaking proper german XDDD
Austria is the worst at having Hungary in their name.
kazakhstan?????  Seriously ....  then where is afghanistan , china and india
Cultural diversety of italy and portugal is a good thing*
Armenia, Kazakhstan, Turkey, Georgia and Azerbajian are Asia (Amernia and Georgia atleast fit culuturaly but still not european)
1:40 they're the worst at winning a war.
Cyprus top 8 in mobile data/4g and on the bottom half of there world at fixed cable connection
Austria is the worst at being the worst at something
Estonia "Least religious country in the worlds" that should have been in a video "What Every Country in Europe Is Best at"
How being the least religious country is bad?
1 min in and it's already full of BS. No, people from Andorra don't smoke 17 ciggies a day on average. Those numbers are based on the number of cigarettes sold there, but guess what? A HUGE number of them are bought by the French or the Spanish since it's WAY cheaper (and eventually resell them in their own country afterwards).
how is least religious worse? xD
And you forgot my dear Germany is the country which destroy the planet twice.ifirst world war and  second world war
Austrians- Getting into art school.
I'm pretty sure Andora has not as big of a smoking problem as you'd think. There are alot of sales being made by foreigners because it's a lower price than their own country
Austria, do i nead to say they started w.w.1 and technicaly w.w.2?
Austria is the worst country at not starting world wars
You,ve put Andorra but forget about spain and portugal???? Wtf??? 0:30
Austria? We drink really much beer!
Us Albanians really suck at everything huh 💀
I can get ured by the landmines i mean yeah my couty bosnia has landmines i hate my country
UGH STOP CALLING MY COUNTRY WITH NO MCDONALD'S 😠😫
The one about Ireland and cancer made me really sad
Mate, Azerbaijan is not Europe 😂
THIS VIDEO IS BS
WELL IF WE HAD A GOVERMENT MAYBE THE COVID MORTALITY WOULD GO DOWN 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Learned something new today: Azerbaijan and Armenia are in the EU.
Americans be like: "There are other countries?"
How is Armenia and Azerbaijan is in Europe
About Andorra. You are saying that they have a problem with cigarettes. I guess that you are based with how much cigarettes they sell per day or month or year. Well, Andorrans don't smoke much more as any other country in Europe. They sell so much cigarettes because they are cheaper than Spain or France, so Spanish and French that live relatively near Andorra go to Andorra to buy as much cigarettes as they are legally permitted to pass the frontier to save money. Please check the info before making videos as your credibility will fall.
I’m a part of that 23% that moved out of Bulgaria lmao
Croatia has a major problem with landmines along with Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Austria is the worst at being remembered for something that isn't about josef fritzl, wasn't that obvious.
what is bad about estonia having the least religious people???
Germany is a good country
Ur worst
5:28 pourquoi ça m'étonne même pas ? X)
Didn’t highlight Italian island.
Someone: Finland are you sad? Finland: Yes, but actualy no
Austria is worst at not starting world war
austria being worst at forming coalition against france
Where egland
100 COUNTRIES DON'T RECOGNIZE KOSOVO
KOSOVO IS SERBIA 🇷🇸 🇷🇸
Austria is the worst at fighting wars and listening to germany
Actually, its good that Austria and Slovenia don't have bad things!
Denmark one is extremely cap I moved from England there and made so many friends more than in England
I live in belgium and I have another reason why I'm sick of living here: We have the highest tax rate in the world at 21%
5:04 okay but how is being the least religious country in Europe and (prolly the world) a bad thing? That should be in what Estonia is best at lmaoo
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world."  Then she is the best, not the worst.
What’re the odds that I’ll watch a vid about Europe in general and the thumbnail chosen for McDonalds happened to have been one in my area of Flyover country in St. Louis USA?! What are the odds…
having the least amount of vehicle ownership is not something  bad imo, its jst a testament to their good public transport maybe?
Austria is the most "mildly average" country ever. not the worst at anything, and best in a few things, could be better.
Austria is bad at maintaining an empire.
From beer czech country !
I was already confused where my    country was untill I saw: ' part 1' xD
bad at keeping an empire Austria hungry
azerbayan is in europe?
How armenia count as Euoropeian country  while  it is in the asian contenant
Fun fact: Kazakhstan number one exporter of potassium. All other countries have inferior potassium.
*Andorra is the largest country and the world*
Austria gave the world Hitler
The German one is sadly true..
Some of them countries weren't European
Who the f*ck did this video?! Who is that stupid to say that Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are European countries....  Ugh.....people are idiots.. 🙄🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
As an Austrian I can say Austria is probably the worst country at football hahaha
Ehm since when Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Europe? Because they contest in Eurovision? So what Australia did too.
Albania Actually Has Bunkers To Protect People
Estonia being the least religious country is awesome
why is the narrator referring the countries as she
Ukraine in everything
albania is good because it has no junk food spots
How can being the least religious be a bad thing? I envy them!
For me, being the most non religious country in the world is a amazing thing.
there's a mistake, turkey has death penalty too, not just Belarus
5:00 actually thats good. many wars exist because of something religious
You forgot about Serbia
I'm Estonian let's see OK we are the least religious country :()                                                    Let's go 🆗
I’m so glad to see that you lit Italy but not Sardinia, seriously who wants to be part of Italy? ✨
You forgot the corruption in Bulgaria, that's why we are the poorest.
The way he said Belarus though 🤣
What about poland
5:00 is that bad?
Kosovo and Metohija is not a country! Kosovo is in Serbia. 🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸
Austria -   Cant get a good presidant
Austria is the worst at getting blame for WW1 and WW2
Why is to be the least religious country in the world a bad thing? (spanish here, not estonian, Im just curious)
Austria is the worst at creating a small harmless war
Me as an croatian can clearly say that qe got worst president and politicants in europe
Italy is best at following rules exactly how it feels like, and then restating the rule.
Austria worst in other people getting up in your private business and "oh what's that, you won't go along with the crowd, we have a nice solution for you" - basically Germany without the freaks or the guilt. Slovenia worst for choice of beer (lasko or union?) in bars and/or "can I get something to eat with my beer? No. Only beer or Pelincovic!"
Armenia is Asian county.
austria is worst at not being german
*Serbia existing*
where is romania
Kazakhstan on this Europe list? Are you thick?
Your Andorra smoking fact is completely wrong. The reason the stat looks so high is because Spaniards travel there to buy cheaper cigarettes.
The reason there's less doctors in Albania is because there's no McDonald's.
By cultural diversity,what do you mean
What’s the captions?
But where is the netherlands
Look am from estonia i realy love history but we dont hawe to be a religious country and its not a bad think.
Andorra part is all wrong : -in the middle of pyrenees - cheapest cigarets in the region, french and spanish go there to buy their own. They do not smoke 17 cigarets a day on average be reasonnable
Ireland has the highest cancer rate in Europe. The highest rate of Cystic Fibrosis in the world.
Please next time do wales scotland and Northern Ireland separate to the UK
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is not a bad thing at all.
Please tell me you are joking saying these Countries are in Europe half of them are on the Asian continent Turkey isn’t a part of Europe based on culture AND Geografie factors so Georgia most definitely isn’t that also goes for its neighbour countries.
that's not true, we are very proud of having the highest consumption of beer per capita
austrians? they suck at maintaining an empire, and suck at military :)
I use to live in austria as a frenche and they were vert not welcoming whith us
What about Scotland, Wales and England?
Is not having religion bad??? Not really
Spain is Europe¡¡¡¡¡¡
As an austrian we have the worst government😂
Where turkey
Azerbajian isnt in europe
Belgium- the highest COVID19 death rate at the time when this video was created. Romania, September 2021- How's it going? (we're in the lead, hellos from the most inefficient systems and governing decisions)
Armenia,Azerbaijan & co  = Europe? Everything East the Bosporus is Asia..
Austria is worst at reuniting with germany and staying that way
this one isnt european but, im sure North Korea is the worst at being the best
Wait did you forget China, and is America considered United States?
Lol Croatia's worst thing is gaseri (hooligans)
Are sad finnish people leaving the country or killing themselves? That is the only explanation?
Austria is bad at not starting wws
Poland- not stealing, not drinking vodka, not swearing
Im disapointed Poland was bot there
Switzerland best country in europe
Great we forgot about Netherlands:/
Wäre ist albania
I mean, if hard time making friends is what we're worst at, I'd wager we're doing incredibly well 😂
Austria is the worst at c19 lockdowns.
Estonia: *Is the least religious country on earth* Me, a Christian: Hold my Holy Grail!
Belarus is terrible, I would rather live in Transnistria.
RealLifeLore: “Andorra has the worlds worst smoking problem” Florida: “Amateurs”
I like how he puts Asian countries too even if the video says European countries only
C'est moi ou dans cette vidéo c'est un américain qui nous montre les points négatifs des pays d'Europe alors qu'il vit dans un pays où l'on a était obliger en Floride d'expliquer qu'il ne faut pas tirer avec une arme à feu sur un ouragan, ou encore l'un des pays où le taux d'obésité est le plus grand ???
What about Spain
Comments saying "me from that place" "Me from there I can confirm" But nobody here wonder why Armenia, Azerbaidjan and Kazakstan are listed in Europe wtf
Wtf, what's wrong on being top beer-drinker in eu? xd
Yes,Italy has lowest rate of college graduation & it’s true.But Italy’s education system is different compare to others.We have 99% literacy rate it’s just because in Italy we actually don’t need College graduation to shine in life.There is others way too
Austrians are bad at keeping their kids into art schools.
Excuse me, about Bulgaria what do you mean by the poorest country in EU?
how do georgia azerbaijan and armenia count as europe
A few of these countries are Asian
Austria is the worst, or best at causing world wars.
Estonia also has a male only draft but that doesnt seem to bother the narrator. Finland also. But the fake wage gap does.
Austria is the worst at accepting people for art school
Austria is the best at starting World wars and locking Woman and Children into Basements.
Shows "Republic of Kosovo" as a country. This is not true it is autonomous Kosovo and Metohija province of Serbia. Disliked
Austria is the one of the first that Germany will annex
Imagine a crisis happens in Austria due to laziness which reduces its economy
Armenia is in Europe?
Yeah it's easy to see why czecks drink so much beer
“Least religious country in the world”. On a list of things that countries are worst at, I think that might be in bad taste. If they meant it the same way someone would mean, for example, I dunno, “least chocolate bars eaten per capita”, then fine, but it kinda feels like they equated “least religious”, with, “worst”, which would just be weird.
People from Czechia after watching this video: Why does it say the WORST things, beer is the best think ever
Oh, I wonder what Ireland is worst at-   Oh
The Netherlands: Am i a Joke to you?
Yeah, Bulgaria drowned the fish...
9
Where is sweden?
C0vid is a fraud, stop talking about a fraud.
You count Kazakistan as europe but not Turkey... who teach you geography man.
"Bulgaria has the worst population decline in europe" Tell that to moldova.  They lost 2 million people in one day.  Their population was 3 million
Wait, where is Slovakia????
Anyone else thinking that Albania, Czechia and Iceland have absolutely smashed it? :D
Austria is worst at making WW2 not happen
3:03 - Belgium hurt hardest by the pandemic They lacked testing capacity, thus included every death body from retirement homes into their pandemic calculation.  I could make a 30 minute video like this, exclusively about Belgium itself.  They could've probably been included as the western country with the most inept politicians around. Taking 350+ days to form a democratic elected government in 2011, to only break their record with 650+ days in 2020. Requiring 30+ years to decide what power-plants to build, as a replacement for the aging ones. There is a risk of shortage in tapwater during dry summers and the risk of floods during wet seasons, all thanks to lack of pumping capacity. The schooling system lacks behind by 5 decades, putting more value in languages and memorization than technology and science. It's the backwaters of western Europe...
You mean my country’s worst you’re the worst
I'm from Bulgaria. Its not true. Bulgaria isn't the poorest country in Europe
Lying
Austria is bad at beating Napoleon
Austrians are the worst at accepting people into art schools and evading the death of 60 million people
When the Finland has got Highest depression rate but the most happy country in the world at the same time.  *SUGOMA*
Wait.. but a couple of these countries aren't European... ami missing something here??
Austria is worst at winning World Wars, but also best at starting them. But they gave us Einstein so it's all k.
You know Croatia is doing something right when all you can find on them is the lowest volume of rail passengers
UK?
Since when are Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia and Kazakhstan in Europe.
So sad that the country I live in doesn't do anything the absolute worst
Where is England
Please polish my bald head
Was curious to see what you would mention for the Netherlands, but you skipped it ..
Bulgaria - worst in everything
As an bulgarian I aprrrrrrrrrrove this
1:37 hitler was born there..
Besides these homeless people in Germany we also have something called Harz 4. The government gives money to people for basically nothing and besides this free money the government also pays those people's rent. So they are basically getting paid with the the taxes of the citizens that have a job.
Forget Vatican City and Monaco and San Marino and Liechtenstein and malta
i can confirm that the internet in Cyprus being slow is 100% correct
I'm from Iran but lol I'm in Austria lolll
The UK isn't a country pal, it's four
In Switzerland there are even less people who have a university degree than in Italy.
Where’s israel?
WHERE IS ROMANIA????
An Austrian is  the worst at speaking german
Austrians? Art.
Sees Kosovo at k  me:Let the comment war begain
Armenia isn’t in Europe? I just paused it when that bit came up so I’m sure there will be more non European countries included
7:48 Hmmm ... Is Sardinia neutral? Are you now part of a state on your behalf? No, because being Italian it seemed to me that Sardinia was Italian🤣
Armenia is in asia
Austria, well that's easy... Art
Austria is best at starting wars, but worst at winning them.
I am British
*coughs* Kosovo isn't a country *coughs*
The Austrian pride in these comments is warming my Austrian heart <3
Austria: Started both world wars, and guiltiest at getting Germany blamed for its atrocities. Slovenia: Gets confused with Slovakia the most.
"All European countries between A and K" and leaves off England 🇬🇧 😳
Astria is bad at being not austria
Germany: winning World Wars
Armenia is not Europe
Austria has makes pepole rent high
Its fine I'm from slovenia
Kazakhstan isnt in europe lol, I even thought Azerbaijan wasnt aswell, apparently it isn't geographically but is dubbed as an European country. Weird.
ayy nothing wrong with Slovenia that you could find
4:32 and that's a bad thing?😅
5:00 how is being athiest a bad thing? Estonia is proof there is no god
Belgium Only had 20-100 deaths then🙄
Belgian here. Highest covid deaths is because at one point we counted all deaths without a clear reason as covid death. Later it became clear why, EU covid relief money was given based on death count.
Well I’m happy I don’t live in belg… wait I do
I just started watching and have a feeling England is going to be bad at penalties 😂😂😂
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars, and not rejecting art students
Im from austria
I mean like Austria🇦🇹 and Slovenia🇸🇮 just don't have mistakes!!!
kazakstan is not in europw it is in asia
Albania, Bosnia And Herzegovina and Kosovo are in the Balkan insted of Europe.
Maybe a bit late but the reason we in belguim have the highest mortality rate is because we count very different compared  to the rest of the world. If people die here and it is suspected to be covid then we count them as a covid-death. We also compare our people that normally would have died and people that have died more in the corona years as covid deaths
lol the video post date is my birthday
I live in Belgium and yep this is a real issue
Most EU countries are terrible at enforcing their sovereignty. Their military is a joke and their welfare state is completely unsustainable. How is a nation's economy going to provide for free daycare when said nation produces nothing but wine and cheese? Reinstate import tariffs. You can't base an entire economy on < 10 exports
Slovakia?
2:47 Belarus: Teenage me: "Hold my b-- wait give it back!"
im from armenia and we are not in europe we are in asia
Bulgaria isn't actually  worst population declined country in Europe. I belive it is my country, Bosnia and Herzegovina. More than 45% population of Bosnia and Herzegovina has left the country.
Bro i swear it looks like bulgaria is poor but that is just in the villages but you havent seen the city's i am not kidding Burgas has such a modern building its more modern that a lot of buildings in america
austria: being bad at accepting they contributed to WO II . In germany they live with it and show it, in Austria they keep it silent
Whats bad about lowest amount of religious people? It’s not the 1500’s, freedom of religion is a thing
4:20 I live in Germany and have 5 nice
RealLifeLore: What Every Country In EUROPE Is Worst At.  Also RealLifeLore: Includes many asian countries
bruh cyprus legit be having people who dont know what low ms is
How are Armenia and Kazakhstan European countries?They are Asian countries.
austria is bad at war look at austria hungry in world war 1
We in Serbia got 30% of population smoking cigs. WE THE FIRST IN EUROPE BABY NOT GREEC
Yes as a Czech I'm proud 😃👍
Bruh where’s England
When everyone around you is so happy, you just become depressed. Ngl i feel that
what happend with Serbia? U talked about Kosovo but Kosovo is Serbia
My country is in there your not my favorite YouTuber any more and am unsubscribing
Me: came here to see what my country is the worst at also me: is from Austria -.-
Bulgaria is actually not that poor, problem is there is a lot of corruption and everybody on top of the country steals bilions
First I didn't realized what did he meant to say I couldn't find anything slovenia and Austria are bad at so I'm sorry about that idk what he meant but I think and finnaly got it Slovenia and Austria are good countries im Slovenian but Slovenia has a little dark back story that I don't understand
i'm from Hellas (Greece) and i smoke a lot xD
The stat about Estonia is misleading. We don't have wage gap, we have laws for that like anywhere else in western world. All women get paid the same as men do, based on statistics they work just so much less hours per month. We have earnings gap but it's voluntary. Also how is being least religious country a bad thing :D
Belgium... Hmmmmmm
Nackchivan is a part of Azerbaijan. Please, fix it.
Serbians choking on their coffee at 8:46 no spoilers
You missed Voldemort in Albania !!!
Serbia hates Kosovo
"Hungary, the country of 1 million alcholists" as we say we are like 9 million in total 😂
Belgium: we have the highest COVID death rates……UK: hold my beer 😢
Technically Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst
Austria are the worst at being bad at stuff
4:26 and the UK military base
I was hyped to ser what my country (Slovenia) is shit at and i got nthn my dissapointment is enormous and my day is ruined
Azerbaidjan is in Asia. Not Europe.
In Austria air pressure can cause headaches to foreigners who aren't used to it
armenia is in europe ?
Greece also: biggest economic immigrants whos arrogance that every eu country ows to them and they are obliged to make them kings and pay them huge salaries is enormous...
Slovenia used to have most suicides per capita in Europe
Geographically Cyprus, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Asia. Also Transdniestria has less recognition than Kosovo.
Wow at what every Europen country in Europe wow real life lore
Austria: worst at starting a world war they were completely unprepared to fight in. Edit: Producing Hitler
Where the hell are Serbia and North Macedonia?
Armenia is in Asia isn't it???
as Bulgarian it's very sad how every year  100 000+ ppl leave the country and go to other Countries.
Austria - food is shocking. And that’s from a Brit.
if austria has no worst its the best country
How is drinking a bad thing?
Kazakhstan is in Central Asia not Europe
Why are you gendering countries?? Just sounds wrong, she iceland?🤢 its not a person
Austria does not have its own official language.They speak german.
Estonias secularism is a good thing, should not be in a worst list  funny how you did say the inverse for iceland, pushing agendas much?
wheres romania
Austrians are the best at starting world wars
Austria is the worst country of not being called Austria
For the smoking issue in Andorra, I don't know how you got this data but if it is based on cigarettes bought there, well let's say they are way less taxed than in France so a lot of French people go there to buy their own and then go back to France. So the cigarettes are bought in Andorra but not consumed by its inhabitants
3:23 As a Bosnian, I can confirm
Austria:  The worst at naming places   There is a city in austria that is called the f word
Yours so wrong about Denmark i moved there when i was 8 and i had loads of freinds and still do!!!
Of course Armenia is the most militarized country in Europe, they have Turkey and Azerbaijan as their neighbors and are trying to avoid being on the receiving end of another genocide. Being militarized is hardly a negative.
How is Azerbaijan in Europe its in Asia 🤦‍♂️
Kazakhstan, armenia, georgia, and Azerbaijan are not part of asia
Austria technically started both world wars together with Germany!!
Regarding the second part where Poland is mentioned! it is insolence to call the not killing unborn human life negative in Poland! The Polish law for the protection of unborn human life is positive and not negative! In addition, the absurd claim about Austria because Austria technically started both world wars.
Why no one talks about how the link is reallifelore  *_34_*
Austria Is The Worst In Avoiding Germany
UK: *everything*
Surely Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something?
Estonia: "least religious country"  Me: hell yeah
as a danish person it is actually easy to make friends i just have to smile at them and i have never been in a other country then denmark
uhm i think the netherlands hase also to be there right?
bruh come on it's not that every person in andorra smokes a pack a day its that people go their from france and spain cause cigs cost nothing there
Austria is worst at winning world wars
Number 1 is wrong
As a Greek the smoking bit is accurate, everyone smokes and you'll find it's normal to smoke indoors and in trains buses and what have you, infact the government had a crackdown on trains and ever since the trains make regular smoking stops along the routes
Why Vietnamese subtitles so Weird than Every Videos.
In czechia the beer isnt worst its the best
Am I the only one put off by the fact that they call inanimate and abstract things with a feminine pronoun? Goes with the same old habit of men calling important things that they owned or tried to conquer with feminine pronouns (ships, cars, the sea). Things that aren't humane, are mysterious and unkown and/or used as a tool. Like they viewed women in general.  Do you really want to continue that?
I live in Belarus... I want to escape so bad.
Kazakstan is not in europe! Dude disslike this!
Belgium is dangerous to liva in?
Yes, in Czechia we call it: Kdo nepije pivo není Čech!
Least religious is not a bad thing. It's actually amazing.
The worst country of Europe is argentina.
7:52 forgot the island of sardina lol
Real life Lore i am From Croatia
7:52 Actually if You think it Twice, it isn’t a Bad thing like we thing it is.. Cuz 1 Who doesn’t want to work.. I mean everyone Wants to Work.. And 2 Some people that Studies all day, all Night, that would prefer to Work and if there is that Problem that you say to Us.. Then Imagine How many People in Italy works without even Studying something..
7:52 Valla valla valla Valla Y yo aquí rompiéndome el Lomo con tanta Escuela  Cuando podría estar en Italia, ya Trabajando.. J*der
Austria is the worst at maintaining an multi-ethnic empire and defeating napoleon.
I didn't know my home land had the lowest volume of rail passengers also R.I.P Albanians your missing out on the Mc.Donaldsy goodness
Austria——-corruption
Germany is the worst in their history
Damn , Ireland was depressing
Germany
Why is it bad that estonia is the Most unreligiuos Country in the World?
im so confused about how kazakhstan is in europe
Finland: I'm too happy that I'm sad
Austria and Hungary are the worst at not having anything that the worst
I am Austrian lol
I had 1 minute
azerbaijan has the best anthem
astrians are the worst at keeping the peace in 1914 and 1939. (cause hitler is austrian
now i know in bosnia i can die if i take wrong step  P S i live in bosnia
Belarus have Nuclear power plant now. So it is quite green now :)
Austria is the worst country in the world at uniting with Germany; since legally, they can't.
I think Estonia and many other countries got done dirty. Religion shouldn't matter and not believing in a religion doesn't make you bad or worse.
As a dane, it suprises me that denmark is the hardest country to make friends in, as I felt like it was very easy both as a child and as a teenager.
Fugging is austria
Austria is the worst at making this list.
Austria has the lowest graduation rate from art school :troll:
Austria has one of the biggest suicide rate wikipedia says........😵😱😵
so kazakthan is in europe but turkey is not ?Just how no joke ? how when they have Istambul ? I really don't get how ?
Lol i'm slovenian
Estonia is best at religion
Europe is 5th world country without the hijacked african fortunes
At least Croatia is home to the best inventor (Nicola Tesla)
Where is the UK, we are part of Europe!
I am danishhh
In 1866, it was determined that Austria is the worst Germany.
nice - Kazakhstan is Europe now...
There's a lot of positive/neutral things among those "worst" things...
Where Spain :(
The subtitles are WAY off
Kosovo: none existing
Austria is the worst at letting people into art school.
You should stop referring to countries as “she” its cringe and feels weirdly nationalistic
you forgot one point in greece  almost every year a civil war can start
Austria is the worst at accepting people into art schools (someone probably already said this. If you did then sorry ig)
I don't know why religion attendance is good for a country. I'm not Estonian.
Estonia, least religious, umm is that something to be classed as worst now XD
Can confirm the bad wifi in Cyprus. I get lower ping in games when I'm in a country further than where the server is hosted. We need better wifi cyta is really shit
Me being a eroupeon american and watching this like👁👄👁 (I got more eroupeon more then american in me!)
Having no religion is good. Estonians are right.
whats with this channel calling countries "she"
1:42 Painters
"Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe".  That's something good!
"Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe."  And how is that a bad thing? Quite the opposite, in fact.
Armenia and azerbajani are defenitly european...
Australia's worst at winning war against France
If I was right Kazakhstan Turkey especially Anatolia Cyprus Georgia Azerbaijan Armenia and Asian turkey are in Asia European turkey are just the entire city or Istanbul and European Russia so no Kazakhstan Armenia Cyprus (especially on Asian maps) Georgia and Azerbaijan are not included in Europe so stay out of European affairs Asian transcontinental countries
1:55 low car ownership is not necessary a bad thing, yes cars can take you many places in the world but if Azerbaijan invests in good public transport they should be good.
All that countries are almost as bad as the EUA… almost “Italy is the least cultural diverse country in Europe tied with Portugal “  Is this a joke ?
Estonia: least religious country in the world  Lucky bastards smh
Austians are the worst at painting everybody knows that
Why is having highest atheism rate a worst thing??
Kosovo is worst at trying to be a real country.
yea so many “ thanks” for saying the “ POOOOrest the most pop declIIIINEE
Update, Polish government baisicly bans abortion entirely. But that is allready almost a year old information.
Kosova is Serbia, Serbia is prefect i hurd they are doing great whit covid 19 and they earnig alot of money
Austrians are the worst at keeping an ethnically diverse empire stable
Where is turkey 💀
Im confused: Estonia is the least religious region. I think they´re the best at this not the worst. I´m Czech so it says a lot :D
Austrians make the worst German leaders.  Cough.
Estonia = Creating mentally stable girlfriends
Why Kazakhstan here?
Allright now I wanna live in Estonia.
Austria is very bad about raising German or aryan kids to not cause genocide
Austria is the worst at art school applications
Austria is the worst at not being the country that gave the world Adolf Hitler.
AHH YES wher romania
Estonia is bad at being a religious country? Wtf is this criteria?
No McDonald's for Albania is a resounding win, as is the secular life of the Estonians!
Austria started both World wars, thats pretty bad in my opinion.
Austria is worst by a tradicional clothing
i’m finnish
Yes us Austrians are not Bad at anything..............well,
i see some connection between germany and it having the worst homeless crisis in Europe......
No McDonald's in Albania. Is that bad?
Man you could've said way worse things about belgium. Like the fact a lot of our people live in ribbon development homes. The fact our business tax is among the highest of europe. The fact a lot of people in belgium are violently racist even voting for an extreme rightist government. The fact our roads are pure asscheeks.
Austrians are bad at telling Americans there not austrailiens
IT'S THE REPUBLIC OF KOSOVO TO YOU MATE 👊!!!
Austrian bread ! 😁
You are wrong
kazakhstan is central asian not european lol
In Austria more women than men are killed every year on a regular basis.
Honestly a lot of numbers are difficult to collect. E.g. exact numbers of homeless population. Also least religious isn't a bad thing.
1:42 keeping there empire together
Bosnia: Sayanara scumbag
russia or serbia
not having a mcdonald's is a quality!
kazakhstan is not part of europe lol
HEY! I'm not Estonian, but I'm extremely offended that you'd count not being religious as a *bad* thing.  That's a *massive* point in their favor.   Finland was surprising... And also not?
Austria is the worst at being on a list of what every country is worst at
You know who’s from Austria
Austria is the worst at ensuring that it's Painters get Accepted into their Art Schools.
Just wondering how much Russia is paying for this video 🤑 propaganda all way long and beyond that lol
2:47 to 2:50 not anymore!!! Lithuania 🇱🇹 now
Portugal is so trash that he didn't even showed
My favorite European country...  *Kazakhstan*
Bruh in the video about what is every country best at you said the same, that Bosnia has the highest landmine precentage, are you really that lazy, and how can even one country be the best at and be the worst at one same thing
True that Albani don't have many doctors. Before I was born, we had some trouble finding my birth place. First I went to fier, we didn't find doctors, then in gjirokastra, we couldn't find a doctor, then in kucova, we didn't find doctors, and when we went to the capital Tirana, I was born. Thank God we found a doctor
Deutschland hat so viele Obdachlose, weil sie lieber so genannten Flüchtlingen helfen wollen.
being atheist is not bad btw
He:belgium is the country woth the highest covid death rate Brazil: hold my beer
Since he didn't mention Turkey, does that mean turkey is best country in Europe?
Austria is the worst at having an accent
nogorno karabakh, northern cyprus,  abkhazia, YO WHY!!
Where is serbia ? There is kosovo but where is serbia on list ?🥺
I stopped watching at 1:40.  Americans really think armenia belongs to Europe?
Where are Romania🙁
wheres england at?
05:00 That's a good thing
As an Austrian i can Say. we are worst at Soccer
What's wrong with the fact that Estonia is the least religious county in the world? This should be a pro for the country , they are on the way on becoming the least primitive county in the world.
Romania?
austria is the worst at making names.       austrailia
I bet Scotland is furious that obesity,  heart disease, hard drugs, alcoholism, poor diet and muggings haven't been included in this video!
Slovenia is pronounced slow-vee-nee-a
Me A Belgian resident:  Is that the only think you can say?
Armenia and Azerbaijan aren’t even in Europe
Poland is almost the worst at making cars, beaten only by Serbia.
Haha greek one is true i am 16 and i smoke 2 packs a day and so do the most of my classmates
could you use different intuitive colors on the map?  Sometimes it's confusing, which one is land and which one is water.
"Kosovo has highest unemployment rate" Burkina Faso: Am i joke to you?
How is having a low rate of religion a bad thing? That's literally the best thing about Estonia
You didn't put England in I live in the country England
Poland? Romania? Lithuania? And others? :((
Belgium is the worst at forming a government pls look that up 🇧🇪
Worst war- starting problem belongs to Austria
your'e right creepercat 777
Austria is the worst country at winning world wars
I mean did you ever drink czech beer, it's delicious!
In Italy university Is really difficult, maybe that's why
How exactly is Estonia being least religious considered a bad thing?
Ehmmmm Sardinia is part of Italy
The Netherlands??
Austria produced hitler
Cyprus people watching this at 144p
So Not being religious is a bad thing? Bullshit, go Estonia lead the way of the future. I hope I can visit someday.
at to the mother fucking k home boy
Armenia isn't in Europe, it's in Asia!
7:38 *chuckles* I'm in danger
Can't wait to see which Eastern European country is the worst at human rights
Armenia and azerbaijan are not Europe countries
Stupid. HIGHEST PERCENTAGE OF LAND LIBRATED.
What's so bad about not being a religious country?
armenia is not in europe
Just  butting in to say Belgium counted all elderly people deaths in hospitals and homes as corona deaths in 2020, which is why the number is so high ☺️ we were hit hard though, that’s true.
I’m gonna sum it up for you guys, basically everything
sure. armenia, cyprus, georgia and azerbaijan are europian countries and turkey not.
In Bosnia & Hercegovina, do people actually get killed by a landmine? I’m from Bosnia and I never heard someone got killed by a landmine. And worst air quality in Europe? Yes, couldn’t agree more
Least generous nation for Greece? What are the rest of the hypocrites saying about being generous? I understand that there might be very few charities, but is it the same as being a generous nation? You ever heard of filoxenia?
"austria isn't the worst at anything" me (austrian): aww, sad.  **realizes**  YESS WE GO
6:26 what happened to the other islands of greece my island rhodes is black
Slovenia and Austria were in beef after the WW1, but its not a big deal today!
6:14 damn that guy is sleeping on a static wall
Why is it bad to be the least religious country in the world? Nothing wrong with that.
Where Ukraine at?
Maybe Bulgaria doesn’t have the worst population decline, maybe their just the best at losing people.
As a Hungarian i can really say that we wouldnt have ANY problems because we have good fields so we can do agriculture, we dont really have homeless people, we dont have natural disasters, the people are pretty normal (sometimes😀), in Hungary not many people is an alcoholic or do cigarettes, dont have terrorists, we would live our pretty normal life in our small country! But literally, we just CANT GET a good president! Every president is CRAZY! And they do CRAZY things!
Literally every country: so many homeless, cigarette problems, alcoholic problems, natural disasters... Hungary: HiGhEsT tAx In EuRoPe  (Hungarians really cant enjoy anything, their government really says: TAX) 🤣
Moldova?
hum why is being not religious a bad thing ?
7:49 is Sardinia independent from Italy? (American video confirmed)
Austria is one of country with the hardest rules to obtain citizenship.
Czechia: "Has the highest consumption of beer I the world" Me a German: is that suppost to be a bad thing ?
German is not the worst
This is fake
some of the "facts" are not even bad, cmon man^^
Where israel
austrian suck at defending from europe big superpowers
Where is Sweden and Norway?
Since when Armenia and Azerbaijan are European countries?
Kosovo's Independence doesn't depend on who you ask. It is not a legal state in every international law, sure you can personally consider it a country, but that doesn't change it's illegitimacy.
Beer team🍻
Austria is the worst at winning great wars
You forgot to mention Romania, are you gelous that we have the highest internet speed in the world? :))
when you talked about Italy and "highlighted" it, you forgot to highlight Sardinia, too ... :-P
Hey bro Sardinia is Italy
In Czech Republic we are proud about our beer drinking
„Estonia is the least religious country in the world“. Well i see this as an absolute win
Ok Greece has no problems btw the economy is in a slow recovery so we are getting somewhere
You forgot The Faroe Islands
8:42 didn’t know we where doing fantasy countries also. 🤔
Me waiting for England: yes   Me found out brexit: no  Me: it can come
Least religious is a positive, most beer drank is a positive, weed consumption is a positive too
I see a lot of these as positives
A shot a day ahahahahaha
Well, you included Kazakhstan for having a part in Europe, but why didn't you include Turkey, we have a few provinces and half of Istanbul in Europe.
Estonia worse: less religious in yurope Malta worse: most religious in yurope Oh yes radical centrism
I'd escape to ANY of those countries....
Albania not having 'received' a MacDonald is not the worst thing, but actually the BEST!
The Andorra thing with cigarettes is inaccurate. Yes, it might be the country with most sold tobacco per capita, but that´s only because people from Spain and France go there to buy it cheaper (Andorra has lower taxes than most EU countries)
He missed sweden 😔
Me in slovenia live
perhaps finland has the highest rate of depression because people with depression are more likely to get a diagnosis and seek help. it's likely the rate of depression is similarly higher than what may be officially reported in other countries, because those with depression can't always bring themselves to seek help.
Some depressed finnish guy: "I dont want to live in the world's happiest country, i want to be happy"
He didn't do England
7:06 that's a good thing init
5:00 I see that as an absolute win
I don't think Armenia and Azerbaijan and Georgia are in Europe, they are both in Asia. I guess Kazakhstan is an exception.
armenia, georgia, kazakhstan and azerbaijan is not in europe. And actually sweden is the least religious country in the world
Bosnia & Herzegovina have no detected furries so I guess that's a plus
Kazakhstan and Georgia are European but Turkey and Russia aren't? WTF...
Estonia being the "worst" at being religious. You mean being the "best" at not being a religious dumdum follower.
Yaaay I live in Austria!!!!
austria: fighting the urge to start a world war
Austria❤️❤️❤️
Austria is the worst at beeing not angry and beeing polite
Belgium also have the highest proportional taxes on revenue in the world, up to 50% at 30.000€ a year 😅
@reallifelore estonia: europes largest gender pay gap, georgia: worst level of income inequality. explain to me the main differences between these 2 please. be honest, have you been using google as yout source material again?
Funmy how albania, azerbaijan, bosnia have such high natural mortality or something that will kill them... guess what they have in common.
Albania contribution   Dua lipa  Ava max Rita ora
5:00 why is it bad to be less religious?
Interessant, welche Länder er alle zu Europa zählt
Austrians are bad at winning wars
Austria gave birth to the worst human being in history
I live in Slovenia its good country there are like no natural disasters here its safe it does have only 1 sea it has alot of lakes and it is chicken like country
Where was The Netherlands?
Over 2% of Boznia is covered with land mines? Like that's a crazy stat.
Least religious contry in the world? that's not a drawback, that's a bonus
The captions is high on ketamine
Trash video saying islamic countrys have least freedom of press your informations are just based on internet shit youre reading. Belarus most problem of modern slavery and has better freedom for press? Yea ofc.
Since when Azerbaijan and Armenia count as Europe? Not even a Turkey is european country, since Istanbul is widely recognized as a bridge between Europe and Asia.
Azerbaijan is apparently Europe now eh?
So Romania doesn't exist 😂😂
5:04 why is that bad?
Beeing the least religious country is beeing THE BEST AT.
Nearly everyone in Ireland has lost someone to cancer :/
4:41 the average belgian drinks 252 liters of beer every year
Least religious= strength!
how is "least religious" something that comes up in here? it's like lowest murder rate and then being included here for being worst at killing others ...
Austria is the worst at coming up with original names
Im from Belgium and was there not a fault in the system that we counted the dead of old ppl where we were not sure about how they died i could be wrong but correct me if im wrong.  Ps. Wherent there also some countries that lied?
For Italy: "Lowest rate of college graduation" Is true, yes, but a certain quality of preparation is usually recognized for a smaller number of graduates.  Those who don't continue, usually look for work after high school, either in Italy or abroad (because university can be a cost for families, very often. There are exemptions, but families do not always want to face sacrifices and this is understandable).
5:03 whats the matter about beeing atheist thats not something bad (in my opinion)
Icelands highest cannabis consumption is a win in my books
Austria gave us Hitler
Im surprised that he didnt mentioned our tax rate lol (Belgium)
How is estonia being the least religious a bad thing?
The Andorra data is because Spanish people buys tobacco in Andorra...
Maybe the number of Andorran cigarettes is biased by the fact that cigarettes are much cheaper than in the neighbouring France and Spain, hence people from south-western France and north-eastern Spain go there to buy tobacco and cigarettes ?
Are we sure the high smoking rate in Andorra isn't just people from France and Spain travelling there to take advantage of lower taxes and buying large quantities of cigarettes? Andorra's low population would exacerbate the effect.
"Albania doesn't have a McDonald's." I think RealLifeLore is an american
Wait... Kosovo has no McDonalds
I am Czech And until Watching this video i drink beer And i say? Why its worst ??
Andorra hasn't the worst world smoking problem. They just have cheap cigarettes due to low taxes. People from Spain and France (specially this last) compulsively visit the country to buy booze and all forms of tobacco.
Italy it's so fucked up that we Italians divided in like 20 regions, and all of us have so much problem   I am from Puglia, there it's not so good like it seem  Many people die because of the low security of work At a city called Taranto there's a Fabric (?) called Ilva, many people living close die for cancer   Soooooo we're quite fucked up
9:09 Romania doesn't recognize it because we are good friends with Serbian🇷🇸 people.Бог помогао браћи🙏💯
Hungary has the highest rate  of child trade in eu
Bro like I get that Greece was deemed the least charitable nation but we dont have anything to give😂😂 we dont have enough for ourselves let alone to give to others that god damn crisis destroyed us
being independent states
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan are part of Asia...
pov: you live in czecchia beer there beer here beer everywhere whyyyy
France: controling its borders.
the captions are drunk again :/
Estonia might be on to something considering the amount of damage that has been caused in the name of religion and the amount of whites supremacist groups in America and other terrorist orgs, such as ISIS, around the world lean on religion to justify hate and violence
romania?
Good for Estonia for being least religious!
Andorra one of the largest countries in the world? Must be a joke, right?
Jokes on you. If the unhappy kill themselves only the happy remain.
poor bulgaria :(
Austria, worst at giving back nazi gold.
Austria is the worst impersonator of Australia?
Im proud to be czech. Its a best of the best in beer and alcohol as a whole
1:14  I smoke 2 pacs a day which is about 40 cigarettes and I Live in Bosnia so I hate it to disappoint you but your information is wrong  Edit:don't hate me I'm depressed
I'm from Croatia and i would add this:  Croatia is the worst at not using its full potential. The amount of potential being wasted is huge, more than other countries. I would say only 30% of Croatian's full potential is being used. Even with 30% we are somehow keeping up, imagine what we could do if we used 100% of the potential. We are so slow at progressing, our government is extremely corrupted and lazy.. We could be one of the richest and most developed countries in Europe, but sadly we are on the poor underdeveloped side.  Tourism - We could be on top of the list if we wanted to, we could beat Spain for example, but we are nowhere near that level because our politicians are happy with low profit, they take enough for themselves and don't care about the rest. We have beautiful lands, beautiful ocean with beautiful beaches, hotels, restaurants, luxury apartments, nightclubs, festivals etc.. We have major historical sites all over the country from different eras and of huge importance, but they're not being marketed enough.  Land usage - A large part of the land with rich soil is not being used, especially in the Slavonija region. We still import a lot of products when we could grow it ourselves. That land is being wasted for nothing. They never fixed it after the war even 30 years later. We have lots of natural resources we could use.  Export - We could become a huge exporter of supplies and resources, if we used our lands to the full potential. But as i said, we still import things from other countries instead of turning the table around, instead of growing and selling, we are wasting and buying. We could produce many typed of foods and other products, great wines and olive oils, but we are only doing it on a small scale and it's expensive for us..  Fishing - With the Adriatic sea, we could become a major exporter of fish and other sea food, but again we are not using it fully. How can Norway become a major supplier in salmon, but we cannot do the same with other fish? We still import fish from other places. I worked in a restaurant where we sold squids from Africa and Asia marketed as Croatian Adriatic squids hahah..  Technology - We have the potential to have great scientists and technology development, to invent and produce for the whole world. But we are not doing anything about it, because we still rely on other countries to develop things that we buy. We could also have programmers to create videogames and other software, but we're not doing it.  Education - We have a great potential to have some of the best schools and universities. We could attract students all over the world to come here for education. But it's all being wasted on useless things.. Our education system is completely outdated and a waste of time..  Entertainment - We have the potential to create great movies, music and other arts. But everything we make is average and mediocre, and it's not being marketed worldwide. For example Serbia is beating us with movies and TV shows, their cinema is on a much higher level. Why can't we do it, i don't understand.. We have great actors, singers, musicians, but they end up as amateurs because they're not using the full potential.  Sports - Some of the best athletes and sports teams come from Croatia, but again they're not being used to the full potential and they don't generate enough profit, they don't push forward and our managers are not interested too much into staying in Croatia.   - Football - We have many great Croatian footballers and a fantastic national team. I won't name them all, but more than 50% of Croatian football players are world-class and they're playing for top-level clubs. If we had a proper organization, our national team would win trophies long time ago. Our football league could be at least on the level of Bundesliga or Ligue 1, but instead our league is like Russian or Asian leagues..  - Handball team is also one of the best, and while handball may not be as popular as football, we could still generate great amounts of profit if we had a proper sports organization.  - Martial arts - I'm sure everyone heard of Mirko Filipović Cro Cop. But we have other fighters as well, and we could produce some of the best fighters and have a good organization if we wanted to. Too bad USA took our Stipe Miočić haha..  - Other sports (olympics, tennis, basketball etc.) - We are great at that too, we have/had many great athletes like Sandra Perković, Blanka Vlašić, Janica and Ivica Kostelić, Goran Ivanišević etc. but we are very underrated and not using them to the full potential.  Military - Our military could be very powerful if we didn't allow other countries to interfere in our business. We could create our own weapons instead of buying, and we could sell them to other countries. How can Turkey have their own arsenal? How can Austria produce the Glock and Steyer AUG and sell it all over the world, but we don't market our own weapons such the VHS?  Shipyard - Our shipyard Uljanik in Pula could've been great, we could produce ships for other countries and sell them. But sadly it's bankrupt and now rotting in rust..  Cannabis - We could have legalized marijuana long time ago and create a huge business for the whole country. We could generate profit like Canada, USA, Uruguay, Czech Republic, Spain.. Our tourism would flourish and literally everyone in the country would make profit. Not just from tourism, but that unused land could be used for growing crops. We could produce other products from it both for our people and export. And generally speaking, the whole population would be happier and progressive like Canadians for example.  Currently other countries are earning millions and millions from cannabis, because there are only few countries where it's legal. And eventually cannabis will become legal worldwide and the prices will drop significantly. Instead of Croatia using this situation to take as much profit as possible, they are still hesitating and waiting. Once it becomes legal worldwide it won't be such a huge business, it will be like coffee, salt or rice for example.. But until then, only criminals are taking all the profit for now..  Medicine - We could make medicines for export, both chemically and naturally. We could use that cannabis for medicine as well. But now we import medicinal cannabis from Germany. Many types of medicine is unavailable in our country, and instead of producing our own we buy from other countries. Or it's not allowed to import at all. Smaller and poorer countries like Macedonia, Greece, Bosnia etc. they have more and better medicine available. Our doctors could have been top-level as well, if we invested more in medicine and technology. But now most of the good doctors moved to other countries, and we are left with inexperienced youngsters who are not educated enough to become high level doctors.  Honestly i can go on forever, there are so many things being wasted in this country, so much potential but nothing is being used.. It makes me really sad and disappointed.. A big part of our population moved to other countries, many workers and young people.. We depended on them, and now we're stuck with bunch of old conservative people who keep voting for the wrong politicians.. Imagine if you were the best painter in the world, better than Picasso, Van Gogh, Da Vinci etc. but you decide to just draw a penis on a piece of paper and call it a day. That's exactly what our country is doing..
Austria has the most petty unsuccessful artists ever
estonia being based about religion
Kazakhstan, Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan are in Asia.
How the hell is being number one in beer consumption considered the worst? They seem like connoisseurs to me 👌
Andorrans don't smoke that much, it's only that Spanish and French people buy tons of it, taking advantage of the low taxes that are applied on tobacco in Andorra.
Let’s just skip Romania bc that’s not a European country right ?
Austria is the worst country at being the worst at something.
Bosnia also has the worlds most complicated political system, with 3 presidents representing the 3 nations that devided the land back in the 90'war.
azerbaijan in europe   lol
Azerbaijan is not in europpe lol
How is being the least religious a bad thing?? also, is mcdonald's some kind of divinity or what? not having them doesn't mean anything
Doesn't Austria have the highest rate of alcohol comsumption of the youth?
“Iceland is the least densely populated country in Europe” What about Denmark? (They have Greenland)
You left some countries out so what about that title ay
Europeans complaining that 6mbs is bad internet is just funny to us africans lol
How being the least religious country in the world a bad thing i would consider that a good thing considering what religion has done for humanity
Surprised to hear the Greeks labelled as the least charitable or generous people, I have always found the Greeks to be very generous.
Austria keeps all stores closed on Sundays! Does anyone else do it? You cannot buy anything on a Sunday!
4:59 I never knew that being unreligious is a bad thing
Austria is a worse germany so maybe austria is the worst in being germany
The numbers of homeless are literally counting people in Homeless shelters wich is kinda stupid
Sooooo I'm going to Chech Republic for beers!!  You are welcome to join if you want!
Georgia Armenia and a lot of other countries that you mentioned are  in Europe? since when ?
About FINLAND: It's not ironic. It totally makes sense. A high rate of DIAGNOSED depression tells me they have a well-working mental health care system, I'm guessing also a lower social stigma about getting treated... not surprising in a country with an EXCELLENT social safety net, an EXCELLENT education where your average Joe speaks 3 languages... and a good living standard. Surely countries like Belarus and Russia have MASSIVELY MORE actual depressed people, they just drown in alcohol. Finland simply has more CASES of diagnosed depression... which is a GOOD THING.
Kosovo is not a country
Pretty extensive notion of Europe. I never knew Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan were considered European countries...
The perceived lack of friendliness of the locals, the trouble finding friends, and the difficulty of learning the local language are the main factors that bring Austria so far down in this category. It all makes the life of foreign citizens difficult in Austria.
Andorra is wrong! That high number of cigarettes is possibly the sales. Tobacco is cheap in Andorra and people from other countries, notably France, buy it there to save money.
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan aren't in Europe lol
Estonia? How is the least religion a bad thing? Doesn't mean anything
Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are located in Europe?
8:33 I think Borat would disagree.  Glorious nation of Kazakhstan 😂
I don't think you know what Europe looks like.
Finland is the happiest country because all the sad people keep killing themselves
Armenia Azerbaijan Kazakhstan Are NOWHERE near Europe what the actual fck? 😂😂😂
Luxembourg🥲
austria and slovenia are the worst at being bad at anything, but so they suck at that so it doesn't go up so weird paradox
So basically the EU countries doesn’t have any real problems, countries in Europe outside of the EU are shi*holes
I need to go to Finland!
Saying she when referring to a country is absolutely stupid, just use they jesus
4:31 here in Czechia we are proud out of that fact lol
I didnt know Iceland is a she 😂
Georgia and Azerbajan is in Asia, not in Europe
Germany has the highest homeless issue? Clearly RealLifeLore hasn't been to spice central - Manchester
Least religion in Estonia is a positive in my books.
The Italy one is true, I myself did not graduate.
I didn't knew armenia, Azerbeidzjan and Georgia where in Europe lol
"Least religious country in the world" I can't find the negative of it. The most religious countries have the highest crime rate in the world. So, being not religious is actually good not bad.
2nd part pleasee!
4:32 That is not a problem this is prof we have the best beer
Greece: huge debt Greece: isn't donate much Is like saying Czechs: highest beer consumption Also Czechs: liver problems, lol
Me half austrian half slovenian: I didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose me
The borders of europe are greece, the black sea and the western part of russia, every country east of that is not in europe
austria is the worst at painting
4:57 how exactly is this a bad thing!? Since when has religion ever contributed anything good in human history!? I am sure that less religion is better.
xD No co, pivo má dost vitamínů ,co jsou navíc skončí v záchodě nebo na chodníku. nic víc nic míň :D Drive safely. u have a nice videos. :)  funfact: iceland is a best country on smuggling.
"Italy is the least culturally diverse country in europe"  Poland: Am I a joke to you?
Also Austra worst at driving
KOSOVO JE SRBIJA
Kosovo is not a country.  Like Palestine  or Nothern Cyprus...these are not reconized countries!
kosovo is Serbia
2:00 i think the vehicle part is not bad
Austria is very corupt (i am li9ving there so i know idk if it's the most corupt country but it's very corupt
Estonia is the least religious country. How is this a bad thing?
China has more land disputes than France
Y forgot Montenegro and we do not have McDonald's aswell
How is Estonia not being religious a bad thing? Striving to rid the world of religions should be humanity's goal in 21-st century. They are outdated, and they only bring divisions and suffering, based on lies.
You forgot Switzerland. You fucking forgot Switzerland
Those countries in the Southern Caucasus are a part of Asia.
sooo, finnland is bi-polar?!
Being the least religious country (Estonia) is actually a good thing 🤷‍♀️
The information about Albania is very inaccurate. It is true that recently Albania had a strong earthquake but it is not compared at all to the ones that hit Greece or some parts in Italy. We don't have hurricanes or droughts, so I am not sure what natural disasters he is talking about. Regarding doctors the information is also incorrect because during the pandemic crisis in Italy, Albania send 30 doctors and nurses overseas to help manage the crisis. I am not sure where this information comes from but it is not correct. As an Albanian I would say that one of the problems is the never ending period of post communist transition, low wages, government corruption etc. Next time please make a proper research please. Cheers
cant say that death penalty is something bad.
for Estonia I think that being the least religious country isn't a bad thing, it could be a good thing too
As an Austrian I was so excited to see what we’re worst at but- well.
Fun fact about Belgium: We don’t have the highest mortality rate, they just assumed that people died from covid lol
Belgium is the worst country in terms of create a goverment. We hold the world record, so let's go.
Austrians: Causing Wars cause hitler was Austrian.
This must be the worst statistics interpretation I ever heard…
Spain recognices Kosovo as a country, because all spanish study Kosovo as a country 💯🇪🇸
You are serious 4:48 right that’s why I never find friends my life is a lie
Bulgaria fuck yeah this is like the second time i see the name of my country this year      edit:whoever thinks i'm weird for saying it even being on this list makes me happy the only place you hear about Bulgaria is in bulgarian youtube nowhere else
Being the least religious country in the world is a good thing
Man im pretty sure Spain wins the weed smoking
neither Armenia and especially azerbaijan are in Europe. why would you say that ?!
LOL dude! In Czechia we are proud of our beer! For 1€ you can get the best beer worldwide
No way Kazakhstan is considered European
well done albania screw mcdonalds
how can u count damn Kazakhstan as europe which is in middle of nowhere and nothing to do with eu and even no body knows where the hell is that country if u ask europeans. What about Turkey ? ah nevermind the biggest population in europe. who cares.
how its bad to not belive in god im estonian and i dont belive in god
Least generous?  ...I mean- Most people barely have money to go by, how will we also pay charities? In schools we gather food and give it to the poor, we do that 2 times a year (or 1 or none depending on the area and school) but still people do that
What austria is worst at? All I think about is.. prevent a painter from becoming a dictator? Just kidding. I love austria. But maybe agricultural sector? With all those mountains i guess.
Armenia is not in Europe for god sake....
7:11 this is also not negative
5:08 this is not negative
How about Slovakia ? 🇸🇰
i live in slovenia
The people of Finland are bipolar
I don’t even understand anymore why this guy is mentioning kosovo as a country of it’s own since it’s not even recognised as one…
How exactly is it a worst thing that Estonia is the least religious country in the world? On the contrary, that's something that needs to be applauded for.  Besides that, I also don't think it's such a bad thing that McDonald's have never settled in Albania... 😉
Did you seriuosly not put Sarden in italy?? Its one of the biggest frikin countries in italy and you dont mark it? Like??
Andorra doesn’t smoke that much : visitors from France and Spain take the opportunity to buy their cigarettes in the country because they’re much cheaper! Low taxes…. France high rate of dependence is due by two other variables : best birth rate in Europe and one of the longer life expectancy.
Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Asia
Azerbaijan has about 10% of it's territory in Europe, 90% in Asia. I wouldn't call them European country.
Well not all kurwa
Being least religious is not a bad thing. With better weather it would be a real migration magnet.
After this video i am more proud to be an Austrian
Wanna know a fact of finland? We are the happiest country in the world because all the depressed people kill themselves :)
actualy... being the least religious country sound like being the best at something
Why is the death penalty bad?
Cyprus has a bandwidth of 6.9 MBit/s. And I'm sitting here in germany with 300 KBit/s in my home. :P
6.9 mb/s! DAMN THAT INTERNET IS Fast. My internet is in the best cases 1 mb/s
Austria is worst at art school
I love how all these countries are a she.
including kazahstan. Not including Russia, nice
you forgot ukraine
To everybody saying that Austrians are "technically" Germans. We (Austrians) find that very offensive, because we hate Germans.
Naming Greece as the least charitable and giving nation is funny af. Not only is the most hospitable nation but " *cough* Germany and EU in general, don't expect anything back from a country that you've stolen everything". People, search about the greek debt before assume.
RealLifeLore: Austria isn't the worst at anything.  Me who knows history: They are the worst at keeping peace
Clearly Austria is the worst at being the worst.
Kosovo is not a country
ESTONIA #1! LETS GOOO!
why isnt anyone talking about the fact that he mentioned armenia and azerbaijan but they arent in europe
I like it how on the thumbnail the nordic coutrys are looking kinda big
EU described in Bulgaria...
Czechs drink the most beer per capita in the world. So they are best at beer drinking it worst...
I think that Germany is worst at winning world wars
finland is rated the happiest because the sad people keep killing themselfs.
Doesn't Europa stop at turkey?
I'd rather say that Estonia is the best at being secular! Loads of love from Denmark ❤️
how is being the least religious country (Estonia) considered a bad thing?..............
autria has highest alkohol konsum for young folks
austia is bad at war just ask napoleon            jk
Finland has a big bully problem.
Armenia is not in europe, get your facts straight
CZECHIA!!!
So Armenians are all about arming themselves
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is among the worst things in Europe??? Really? It's time to change our mindsets!
Austrian are one of the wors in Olympic games, as far as I know they never had gold medals
I think high beer consuption is a good thing and not a bad thing. Thanks to it we have immunity to alcohol.
Why isn't Ukraine in the video?
Why did u excuse urself for Austria and Slovenia but not for the other countries like Serbia Moldova and Romania?
A friend of mine is German and we watched the video together. At the part with the homeless people, he was kinda shocked for an moment, but after it got explained that most of them are refugees, he relaxed and said something like "ah yea, only refugees".   I'm spitting facts right here: the german south is based.
Thanks for putting a giant pile of shit on me.
You see, I'm not really surprised about Austria and Slovenia not being worst at anything, because I've been to both places and they're like an actual heaven (Definitely not talking political-wise, I have no clue about that lmao)
Bosnia and herzegovina does not have worst air quality
Not being arrogant - France
How the fuck could Kazakhstan could be in Europe?? OMFG
Georgia is Asian too BTW
Azerbaijan is Asian too BTW
Armenia is located in Asia BTW
All countries that were once under Russian communist occupation suck balls. It's like what Britain did to India.
Not having McDonald's is a bad thing? Since when has this become a negative sign?
Obviously, Germany has a problem with homelessness because housing has gotten ridiculously expensive. If you aren't rich or the like, chances are you are not going to be able to afford a home.
You forgot to include Sardinia in Italy
Kosovo is not a country...
How is lowest religion bad?
Where is Slovakia???
For Andorra, if it is based on the number of cigarettes sold compared to inhabitant, note that they are tax free, so the French and Spanish buy a lot of duty free items there.
Do they also have some classes that have to do with erotic techniques at skillshare?
I think Austria has the highest density of supermarkets/shopping centers. So they worst at supermarket avoidance.
Is Kosovo even a country???
Whats wrong on drinking bear?
"Cyrus is occupied by turkey and united--"  kingdom! I knew it, the British bases in Cyprus-- "--United Nations."" Ohhh
Kosovo Serbia
Austria is worst at trying to take over the world as hitler has Austrian
"I found nothing that Austria is the worst at" Me an Austrain: *proud smile
Austria is worst at not having right populists as leaders
"Czechia has the highest consumption of beer per capita in the world." Yeah we know and we're all kinda proud of that. Nobody here sees it as a bad thing. This fact should be in the list of things that we're best at lmao. I'm serious, ask anyone here what we're best at and they'll probably tell you that it's in the amount of beer we consume. Well somebody might say that we're best at making beer, but I guarantee you that whatever people say, it will be beer related. What can I say, Czech beer is just good. lol
02:15 am i the only one that thinkgs death penalty is good in some cases? Lets say a person kills 30 people. Then death is a good option for them
Austria:FOOD BELGIUM:YES!!!! BERLIN:SHUT UP!!!
Il live in Belgium and I never get the covid
Azerbaijan is Asian
AUSTRIA Let's goooo
I guess that when the UK left the EU it must have also left the European continent as well.
Kosovo is Serbia 🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸 Why is there no Serbia  You are spreading propaganda
Austria is at nothing the worst. I'm proud of my country.
How come you mention the "least religious" as worst?! It's clearly an indicator of best, because it means the most educated :facepalm:
How drinking beer is a bad thing? :D ... Lol
no poland i see
Why is it the worst that Estonia is the least religious country....That is a good thing
About breakaway states... Ukraine says hi with people republic of Donetsk and PR of Lugansk. And if you go to 2014 Ukraine, you will find much more: Kharkov, Odessa, Dniepropetrovsk, Zaporozhye, Nikolaev and Kherson! And add Republic of Crimea, that was immediately annexed by Russia). At all 8 states + Crimea. Maybe, when that sh*t was planning, our and Russian governments were high af
netherlands?
clickbait
I don't know how you calculate those statistics but I think there are some mistakes there. I highly doubt your facts are correct/ not twisted and especially the ones from western Europe (Andorra, France, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Iceland, etc...) that I know better than central/ eastern Europe. Here is one example for Andorra : people from Andorra smoke 17 cigarettes a day on average. Sounds pretty weird honnestly. But if you knew Andorra you would know this is the place in Europe where cigarettes are the cheapest so many people around are buying cigarettes there and reselling it at higher price somewhere else. So indeed Andorra may sell a lot of cigarettes but it does not mean their inhabitants smoke that much. Just to conclude, I am sure this video was made for the "fun facts" but please be carefull to not 'enlighten'  people with fake facts especially with your huge numbers of subscribers. Next time please give us your sources ;) Thanks !
How being the least religious country in the world is bad?
France is the worst at bad food
Where is Poland. My onion country. We have so many bad things we should be on top of this list. Idiotic politicis are destroing this country.
Why being an atheist sould be a negative aspect?
Where is England?
How is having less cars bad?
Austria is the worst at starting world wars
The smoking in andorra has such high numbers because foreigners buy cigarettes there due to the low taxes skewing the number a lot
About Estonia: Why is it a bad thing that so many people are not religious?
Armenia in Europe? Wtf mate? You're American I guess
England is both highlighted in the thumbnail and is a part of Europe (though not the EU)
U forgot some islands is Greece 🇬🇷
Estonia is false
I have a  question :why being the least religious country in the world is being the worth?
God dammit why slovenia like what are the chances?
why would not having a mcdonalds be bad tho?
Austrian People starts 2 Worldwars
Death penalty is needed, it's not a bad quality.
How is greece supposed to pay for charity when as you said "have the second worst economic crisis in the world
Armenia : most militarized country in Europe.  Old Prussians : *manly tear*
beautiful video, thanks! Having said that, thanks for excluding Sardinia from Italy ahahah From your video perspective Sardinia is not inside Europe! (Just kidding)
Austria is all nice and stuff until you find out the next dictator is Sebastian Kurz
Cheers for Czechia!
Romania?
Wait, drinking the most beer is a bad thing? 🤔
4:40 Agh. Cough Beer is not bad mokey. Beer is for smart People to solve a smart problems. Like depression. 😁👌🤣
How is bad to have the least religious population?
As a Lithuanian man, I'm still very single
AUSTRIA GOT THE MOSTE SHITTY GOVERMENT!!!
Technically Armenia isn't in Europe
Being the least religious country in the world sounds like an absolute win to be me.
Greece had the worst debt crisis.. and was also the least charitable lol
I don't think that all cigarets bought in andora are smoked in andora.
"except Asia and Africa." So except 6 billion out of 7.6 billion? So basically "except everyone" 😂
I thought Germany would get the worst gastronomy. (except bakery, that doesn't count)
2:03 lower rate of veicle ownership isn't bad
This video reminds me of CitySkyline Game.
Austria is the worst at having their own language lol
Italy Italy italy
Bro you forgot our islands wtf🇬🇷🇬🇷…you are from turkey?😂😂
Thats why there are so many memes because bosnia has so many landmines
What happened to Sweden and Norway?
4:34 soo.. czechia is the worst european country in not drinking beer?
Austria has the worst artist.
Wait am I not getting something here? What's bad about beeing the least religious country in the world? (Estonia around 5:00) that might be the best thing about the country..
belgiums statistic is wrong.we didn't have the highest covid mortality rate, or in the very least this was only caused by unequal data being used since we counted excess deaths way more liberally. Going through some datasets we are one of the few countries that has more 'covid deaths' than excess deaths. this means that more deaths were categorised as a covid death than there were actually caused by covid heavily skewing the mortality rate. Especially since a lot of countries did the opposite where they counted excess deaths as non covid even though they should be included in the statistics.  If you look at excess deaths per 100k you will see a more true picture of the impact corona had on countries even though you still can't account for other variables atleast your data is more equal.
Austria is worst at practicing solidarity. Being Italian I think Italy has the worst bureaucracy of the entire world, and also the slowest justice system
People that live in Andorra are just very depressed that they don't have an airport 😂
America and what they are worst at: losing weight
Are these the EU members
Where is spain, the netherlands,rusia,poland,england???
Greece not beeing generous is big BS, everyone tries to give whatever they have when they see someone in need
I dont rly think that not  having many religious people in your State is a bad thing ...
just for the andorra smoking problem i have mayby a clue, i 'm french, and in france 20 cigarette is 10 euro but in andorra it's 5 euro so every french smoker that go in spain or in south ouest of france go trought andorra and by like 200 or more cigarette, there  the same thing with alcohol. so if your number is calculate with the sell it's not andora people but french (mayby spain) smoker
The UK is worst at not trying to take over the world
Wen Armenia and Azerbaijan become  part of  Europe?
Armenia and Azerbaijan are Europe? What's next, all the -stans?
Me :  wondering where norway is
YES… now everybody knows that i’m sad
Haha, i‘m from Austria, we are very bad at Beine bad….
Armenia isnt even part of europe
Estonia is the least religious contry in the world - I see this as an absolute win
Europe ends with Turkey and Ukraine!
swiss ?
Why isnt Austria in anything the worst😔
lol what's bad in Belarus having death penalty itself? The problem might be with unjust sentences, not the capital punishment itself.
what's wrong with being atheistic? 4:58
Slovenia has the highest suicide rate in the world.
what about Spaain??
"Albania has never received a McDonald's" Man, I can only see that as an absolute win
We are happy we dont have MC.Donalds in Albania lol ...thats a good thing Our byrek and sufllaqe are way better 🇦🇱😌
Andorra doesnt smoke that much, its just smuggling to spain and probably framce too
Azerbaijan is not even in Europe xdDD
u just missed vatikan state
Kosovo had a war had to lisent serbians they lisent in 2008 kosovo was free and a new country
From slovenia, you dont have to be sorry for not finding what we are worst at, its actually a pretty good thing.. Also shortens the video to 30 seconds xD i guess we are the worst at being the worst in stuff
Belarus having the death penalty is not a bad thing edit depends on what its used for
pls man delete your channel with this fake thing you find in internet
As a Dane, I’m disappointed you didn’t mention we also have the highest youth drinking rate in the world. We’re very proud of that
5:00 That's not a bad thing. Every country should try to achieve this
Austrians fail at not bragging about being better than germans
From when is azerbeijan an european country?
well who ever said that greece is the least generous has clearly never been to greece
I dont get the worst thing in Czech... i would consider it a propper attitude
Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Kazakhstan are Asian countries, not European
I'll smoke a cigarette for those poor smokers in andorra
as soon as i heard "type in the comments what austrias bad at" i could smell the comments coming
Austria the worst at winning wars and maintaining peace
Germany is worst at winning wars caused by Austrians
Greece has the slowest internet speed in Europe showed by the results of @DigitalEU test
Just wanted to remind you that Sardinia is part of Italy, but it didn’t become white when u were talking about Italy ahah
whats bad about the death penalty?
9:04 yes because its not a country is serbia now stfu....
Estonia least religious country, why is that bad?
Belgium is good, just a little virus
Italy has the lowest cultural diversity??? ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? ITALY DOESN'T EVEN HAVE A UNIFORMED CULTURE! what you think is "italian culture" usually is a mix of culture from Neaples and Sicily! For god's sake, Piemonte and Liguria have a very dofferent culture... AND THEY TOUCH EACH OTHER FOR MOST OF THEIR BORDER.  Consider internal variety too next time. A man from french will find Turin more familiàr than any man from Sardinia will.
What's the point of a video like that? We are lucky and proud to be European in Europe.  See how violent can be society in USA? BLM, undeground tensions that could explode?  Greetings from Italy.
yeah no shit greece doesn’t do charities, their economy is basically destroyed, they don’t even have money for themselves
Austria‘s worst thing is it’s a country of high amounts of favouritism. Increasing prices for everything so you just buy it from germany 🇩🇪
Thats wrong Ireland and Engalnd got the most homeless people. So don´t tell me shit, i live in germany and you will se just a few on the steets. But when I walk on the Street in poland there then are there so much
So many of the things mentioned should be taken in a positive way. Why not having a McDonald's should be considered as something Albania is worst in, or why smoking cannabis is a negative thing? The same applies for so many other things.
Why greece is the worst of europe? Cuz it’s closest to turkey skdnfncncnfndjgk
How is low on Religion something negative in Estonia?
correction: There is no such country as Armenia. Not after we are done with it.
Video says: "Kosovo is country" Serbian: WHAT
Estonia: *has the least number of bigots.* RealLifeLore: "It's still something where Estonia has less than others."
"Least religious country"  Yeah, thats a "Best" for me.  Same with death penalty
Armenia is in Asia, LOL.
Me as an Austrian     *_Y E S_*
Technically Austria is Europe's worst at being Europe's worst at something
"Belarus is least democratic and most authoritarian" political systems are not good or bad. They're different, and if they differ from your country's, you shouldn't imply your opinion is the correct one
Austria is the country with a single yellow press newspaper having by far the most range. Of our 3 largest newspaper, 2 are yellow press and the "Kronen Zeitung" has a market share of almost 40% on its own.  Also it is the worst in acknowledging scientific facts, resulting in so called Austrian solutions. Like smoking is bad and should be banned in public places and restaurants. 100 trillion people of our 9 million inhabitants signed it, but the conservative government, fueled with money from the tobacco-lobby and restaurant owners introduced a total shitfuckery (credits to juicemedia) of regulations, costing millions of taxpayer money that just doesn't work and does shit for protecting non-smokers.
belgium is responsible for one of the biggest genocides in history ... and the only thing you put in the video is that they have had so many deaths from covid?
Where is norway? Are we not the worst at anything?
For some reason I’m Greece everyone tells you not to smoke but everyone smokes behind you
Before starting the video, for my country, Italy, I think it’s going to talk about politics, education, hygiene in cities and illegal distribution of illegal substances. Let’s see how this goes.  After watching the video, I want to say, probably it’s because they consider us all Italians, but Italy has, in my opinion one of the most diverse cultures. Just think that every region has its dialect, its way of thinking, its political and economical stability, its history.Just because we are all Italians, it’s not true we are all the same, which is a good thing, you can always learn something, by looking at another perspective But you’re right for everything else :)
I always thought Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia were in Asia?
Your are Wrong Kazakhstan is a not part of Europe It's part of Asia
About the death rate in Belgium : at the beginning of the pandemic, a lot (A LOT) of older people death were be default given to covid, while most of them were just natural age death. If you go onto worldometer and go to the coronavirus page of Belgium, you can see a massive spike and a massive drop right after it in the death rate
What about Faroe Islands? We always get left out
Are we not going to talk about how Belarus has FUCKIN SLAVERY STILL AROUND?!?!!?
poland?
How is Armenia an European country?
and why highest consumption of cannabis is that bad and wrong? lol
I am sorry but Kosovo is not a Country
Kosovo just don't exist bruh
ofc Iceland has the highest consumption of marijuana, there's like 10 people that live there
MA MAGNATE UN LIMONE NON HAI INCLUSO LA SARDEGNA E LA SICILIA, INFORMATI FALLITO
Everybody when he is talking about foreign countries : haha those losers  Everybody when he is talking about their country : listen here you little shit
Wohoo highest tax rate! We don't earn much but at least we pay a lot for taxes 💪 well done, Hungary!  🇭🇺
KOSOVO IS NOT COUNTRY
the Belgium fact isn't completely true, it's because we count our corona victims in a different way (more realistic way). if every country would count like we do or if we count like the others countries do, we wouldn't be the worst
CZ - highest consumption of beer in the world - that's not "being the worst", that's "being the best".
The lack of diversity in a country is not necessarily a bad thing. That being said, there are many ethnic Bulgarians and Romanians in Italy, and there are some cultural differences, so it is diverse. Italy is also a home to the largest Chinese population in Europe.
Azerbaijan isnt in europe
3:27 pog
This video is extremely subjectiv! For instance "Germany has the most homeless people, but to be fair a third pf them are refugees." Having many homeless refugees is still really bad and doesnt make us look better. I'm german and I'm well aware and ashamed of this problem. It's not okay to talk it down like you did. Also: Estonia is the least religious country in the EU. Isn't that a really good thing? When you take into account that they are also the most digitalized country, I'd say they are just a great example for a modern and very progressive state.  @RealLifeLore you should include a disclaimer as 'subjectiv' or 'political' at the beginning of both videos. Otherwise you're spreading wrong information to an audience that is mostly not from Europe.
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership doesn’t have to be something bad. It can be something extremely good too
There’s no “Turkish republic of northern Cyprus”. Cyprus is under Turkish occupation, according to the UN, EU, and NATO
Hey bro since when Armenia,  Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are a part of europe
Why is not being religious ”bad”?
Countrys in Europe.... *Armenia* hello there
Austria is worst at drawing but best at creating (almost) 2 world wars
Every Country gets listed thier probably worst problems.  Czeck Republic (don´t) hold my beer!
where is slovakia bruh
I don't think that low vehicle ownership is bad
are you telling me that 1% of the Belarus population is a slave?
Εstonia being atheist is a good thing though
Estonia is the least religious country.  Adding it to the list of bad things.  *It's a big brain time*
"Italy is also the lease culturally divers country in europe" i met someone that said they would like to visit italy because it was 'diverse' LOL
Austria started both world wars and blamed Germany for them
AUSTRIA IS WORST AT KEEPING PEACE...
Doesn’t being the least religious country in the world make you the best at that category?
Damm didn’t know anything past turkey is Europe. Armenia is geopolitically aligned with Europe doesn’t make them geographically European
Well i understand why i have No friends now….     Live in denmark
6,9MB in cyprus wtf I HAVE 3MB IN GERMANY
"Greece has a terrible economic crisis", "Greece is the least charitable". I don't even what to say about this. I wasn't in Greece when the crisis started.
Austrians suck at many things like being educated or speaking German properly. And I know since I'm German. Imagine Austrian like Germany with the difference that Austria is just worse in anything Germany can expect for being racist. Austria gets memed on by Germany and Switzerland so hard I almost feel sorry for them.
Some guy: Finland is the happiest country in the world if you don't count all the depressed people
Being the most militarized country isn't a bad thing when your neighbour hates you.
4:59 how is that a bad thing?
Sweden?
‘Every European county in Europe specifically’
Estonia: "Least religious country in the world."  Doesn't sound bad to me lol.
What's bad about Estonia being the less religious country in Europe?  I think it's a good fact.
1:35 they also don’t have McDonalds
Isnt being the least religious country something you are best at ?
We all know why all countries have things that worst at cuz u didnt inclued turkey in the list xD
Since when are  Armenia and Azerbaidzhan european countries?
Nah but if i had to say somethign that austria is bad at id sayyy……. Hard to find but pbb…….cant find it (austrian btw born and raised same with my family)
Austria is just good at everything
@ RealLifeLore Lowest volume of rail  passengers is Albania = 0 passengers.  Here, trains are replaced by cars long time ago, and this country must be the highest % to own a Mercedes Benz per person.  (because we don't have high taxes for these cars, don't tell anyone :P ).
SLOVENIA?! I AM THE BEST AT EVERYTHING
United States: accepting election results
There's a popular Finnish joke: Finland is the word's happiest country, because all the sad people are killing themselves.
austria is the worst at having wars
but kazhakstan is not in europe
why exactly is the highest consumption of Beer per capita something negative? *asking for a german!
So whats Lithuania worst at as a Lithuaniain idk but i think its our suecides we are usely in thr top 3 in the world.
А де моя ненька Україна?
guys, in the Italy part he didn't included the islands and most importantly SARDINIA  ragazzi, nella parte dell'Italia non ha incluso le isole e ancora più importante la SARDEGNA  onestamente non trovo corretto non documentarsi prima di fare un video o semplicemente non includere isole appartenenti comunque ai paesi nella terraferma
The austrians lost in the Nepoleonic War several times. And… I dont know anything else about austria
Try to visit countries then say your bullshit !!  How the fuck you can call the Greek people are not generous ?
Daily reminder that Russia is as European as Italy.
Wear is the Nederland?
armenia isnt in europe?
5:00 Since when being religious is good? Being the least religious country sounds very good to me.
4:34 I thought this video was about the "worst at", not the "best at"
You are wrong. Belgium counts undefied deaths as covid, all deaths in houses for the elder as covid, and sometimes they count a death from covid twice.
And what about Slovakia?
as someone from Czechia I dont so any problem with “Czechia is worst at having the highest consumption of beer per capita in the world”
Kosovo is Serbia!
There’s no way Cyprus has worse internet speed than me, I can’t even watch this video without it buffering
7:53 Sardinia isn't in Italy LOL
Yeah GO Belgium I'm so proud
Albania also never won Eurovision
It's funny how Istanbul is considered to be located in two continents, yet Armenia which is thousands of kilometers into Asia is considered Europe too. Armenia is not Europe, Azerbaijan is not Europe, Georgia is not Europe. Europe ends in Turkey and Russia. One of these days China will be Europe as well.
Least religious is a good quality  Change my mind
Azerbaijan wrong borders
When he forgets Russia stonks
As a German i habe only seen a homeless person once in my life
That about czechia, that's not the worst. That's the best. XD
Wow, somebody actually has a higher tax rate than Croatia
Least religious is a win in my book. You got a dislike from that one.
Slovakia : Worst at being recognized as a part of europa  evidently :D
Yea belgium needs to get its shit together cause we have a million goverments we dont all of those
Austria is worst at winning a world war
Since when is Armenia part of Europe`?
8:54 Thats not entirely right. You could also count the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic/Transnistria as a state, because its quite powerful (for a seperatist state) and would be self sustaining, if Moldova and the Ukraine would not block their entire trade with other countries.
Hahhahaha Everywhere else: problems. Denmark: unfriendly
Imo death penalty is good, just not in an authoritarian/corrupt state like Belarus
Let's pretend Armenia is in Europe lol
You forgot the uk
captions are drunk
Estonia - low religion. Aaaand why this is bad? :)
Island - highest cannabis consumption.  Aaand why this is bad? :)
I was really sure that Germany would have the worst Internet infrastructure
Hungary is so true, as a hungarian it is so annoying that everything is so expensive cause of the high tax
Worst thing about Austria: it's hella expensive😂😐
It's not a bad thing that Estonia is the least religious
Whats good on germany they take the refugees that the most other contrys reject
The fact that Armenia is the most militarised is bad? Wtf
Finland: Policy and politics
Slovenia has the most terrible roads in all of europe.
1:40 Winning world wars that they started.
austria is the worse at speaking german
Armenia,Azerbaijan are Not in Europe
What about Iran? Is Iran also in Europe?  Lolxou made laugh out loud literally
Where is the netherlands
Azerbaijan is in Europe?????
4:43 I can live with that.
Austria is worst at winning big wars. - 30 years war lost - Napolean recked them - Prussia recked them - WW1 - WW2
Austria has the largest amount of world wars started
5:00 that should be on the list of What Every Country in Europe is Best At
Me as an Austrian EZ
He said for albania that they don't have macdonalds?
No more videos like this please. These countries do not need more people who find negatives like these a bonus and moving there! (tongue in cheek)
4:32 Lol I was expecting a thing were the worst at and i was really excited and then you told me a thing I very well know WE DA BEST AT.      We did it boiz ! Beer is luvv
Austria is the worst for having men they start World Wars 👍
mdddr c'est parce qu'en Andorre les cigarettes sont beaucoup moins cher tous les frontaliers achètent la bas
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus etc. is NOT Europe.
austrians are worst at wining world wars
Okay, but why Sardinia isn't glowed with white together with Italy?
Why is being the least religous country bad
Austria has the Worst "Most-Famous Man" 🤣
Is it so bad for Estonia to be the least religious country?😁
You need to reword the title " Albania is worst at being the most likely to experience a natural disaster" doesn't make sense
5:06 Let's be honest, being the least religious country in the world, has its benefits
How do you expect Greece to be charitable when it's in such an economic crisis?
Estonia is the least religious country in the world?.... They really know that religions suck. Well done, Estonia, well done. I am somewhat envious, but at least Germany is on a good... i mean, bad way (according to video), as well. Dont misunderstand me. I have no problem if people belive, but i have a problem if they follow something hundreds and thousands of years ago. Thats not believing, thats following. Follower ask less or even nothing. Thats whyyy.... gaaah.... Me. Dont start a religious discussion. Its as good as useless. You know it. *sigh
yeah, in georgia the economy or income is like total dogshit, 1 dollar is 4 lari , 1 euro 6 lari and 1 pound is about up to 10 lari, buying a game with anything other than lari is just painful
0:24 Slovenians Happy
Austria's worst at creating dictators... Hitler
I mean Bulgaria is really poor no cap
Here in belgium its just crazy, i dont understand how such a small country has yet the most covid infected people 😭🤣   edit:edited some misspelled words
In Austria like 40% of children older than 15 smoke, I think
Austria is the worst at pretending to have there own culture
Austria is good at blaming germany for world wars
Well uhm Italy also has the most dangerous and powerful criminal organization in the world, mafia
Austria? WInning wars
It’s pronounced bosnia and - hetz - guh - veeeneee- uhhh.
England’s bad at losing a football tournament without blaming race
since when is armenia and azerbaijan part of europe?
Austria SUCKS at keeping peace.
I've been in minsk and didnt see all this desperation
Estonias "Least religious country in the world" is a thing they are bad at? I see it as a very positive thing myself
Where Romania at? 🥲
i was waiting for the uk to be there but it’s not
Austria is the worst at being the worst at something, apparently (?)
things like the death penalty and slavery are really just societal subjective bad things, but looking at it totally objectively without any human judgement, they can't be considered in this video as they're not bad at doing it but rather implementing it the most
The only one here that didnt know armenia and azerbaijan were in europe forgot georgia
Wdym Finland is the most depressed country? According to what? Highest number I could find was 6th in Europe (9th in the world)
Normal countries: actual problems Czech republic: *beer*
Europa= :(
It's not about comparing yourself to others, that are worse at something than you. You should always compare yourself to your former self.
5:06 wheres the Problem?
why would it be bad to have the least amount of religious people in a country?
uk be like : baby i am just an illusion
I guess cancer *spreads* in Ireland 🇮🇪 ♋️
U r taking khazakistan to europe but not turkey. Unfollow
As a Belgian, I'm just glad he didn't mention our government
Really, Greece is the least charitable nation?? Because I’m in international channel I believe a lot of people have been in Greece. So I will wait for your feedback. Also we accept a lot of refugees all this years. About smoking, I can’t tell something more…
You forgot to highlight Nakhchivan when talking about Azerbaijan.
You did not highlight all of Greece
Do you even know Europe's boundaries?
armenia is part of europe since when?
Since when has Kazakhstan been in Europe? Or Azerbaijan and Armenia for that matter
Least religious country is a good thing
Do you really wanna know what is Austria worst at?
**Me waiting for my country (Greece)** Also me: I mean- he's not wrong-
eat your cereal
4:46 I'm moving to Denmark -
How drinking highest amount of beer is being worst at? They are the best. Did you ever had Czech beer? It's best among beers do I don't blame them. Everytime I go accross a boarder to my fellows Czechs I drink beer. Greetings to all Czechs from your Polish neighbor.
Me as a Czech citizen : That's not worst, we are just best at it
As a czech i can say that we are a beer country. Every major city makes beer and we are proud of our beer.
Are you sure all of these are in europe?
America is worst at: intelligent
At 08:13, You desperately trying to fill the video with content, that's what it is for me. This doesn't mean it's bad thing.
Idk if it’s just me but the Caucasus isn’t in Europe
Finland can’t decide if it’s happy or depressed.
Estonia being the least Religious country is a good thing not a bad one!
Austria has the worst artists
iceland is a she?
He: Average Czech person drinks 149 liters of beer per year Me a Czech: only?
Austria unleashed a man who took power in Germany, killed a LOT of jews and invaded almost every European country.
Beeing the least religios country in the world is an absolut win
so apparently kazakhstan is european but romania isnt?
5:03 I don't understand how being atheist is bad in any way
Where is Swiss?
correct me if im wrong about estonia but how is estonia the least religious country on earth if north korea have no religion for the people at all
KOSOVO IS NOT A COUNTRY 😡😡😡
Latvia? Lituania? Russian part of Europe? Portugal? and thats whats coming in my mind with y poor geo.  knowlege
Bro, Romania, Moldova, Serbia and more, where are they?
L
include naxcivan in azerbaijian please its our territory
what abt britain
Armenia, Azerbaijan, those asian countries have anything in common with Europe?
Austria is worst at having worst things
Less religion and less McDonalds are positives in most of the world dude...
the denmark one is not true in my apinien
Austrians happy cause they didnt have any flaws. Albanians from Koosovo happy that Kosovo was included in the list this time
4:54 why is lest religious a particularly bad thing?
You're wrong dude, Hungary doesnt have the highest taxes.. In Turkey you have to pay %220 tax if you want to get a car..
7:20 i dont see why a dependency on something is good
5:08 why is no religion something bad
no one gon talk abt how bosnia has the most mines in europe
Estonia is the least religious country? SOO WHAT its just them being smarter
Estonian lack of religion is worthy of a chef’s kiss!    It’s a positive trait not a negative one 😂
“Czechia is worst at having the highest consumption of beer per capita in the world” Czechs: “Worst?” :)
Armenia azerbaijan are not in europe
Kosovo is not an actual country
Get wifi anywhere you go
In Greece you forgot to highlight around 100 islands. Basically every single one in the Aegean apart from 2. Yes it matters.
Andorra smoking record is wrong. Spanish and French people go there and buy like 3 or 4 huge boxes of tobacco for them and his friends.  You can find a lot of news of French and Spanish avoiding taxes buying crates of tobacco for selling at restaurants or at office
Belgium had an high death rate because they then thuagt everyone dead is coronadead
5:08 why should this be a bad thing?
I've always found it weird that the UK has made so much great modern music but the continent has made hardly any. No hate. Just an observation.
Austria are the worst to accept people in art school
Austria: protecting monarchs
I'm Greek and I really appreciate your love bro!!♥️
POV ur searching for the country u live in
Austria is worst at not starting world wars
Croatia stole all of Bosnia coastlines just as Chile stole all of Bolivia's
Austria is pretty bad at holding together an empire
As a Dutch I’m disappointed that you forgot Holland
Strange, I saw in this video even Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan, but not Ukraine
So, Estonia has no actual problems then
Austria is the worst at winning World wars
Why is a low religion rate bad?
04:07 I knew it. I simply knew it. I live in Cyprus last 11 years. My ping is usualy 100+ in videogames :D
Yay I live in Slovenia
hello, where is Latvia?
6:09 people out of other EU states are a lot of these Holmes people.
Azerbaijan is not Europe in my opinion
Why is being least religious the worst?
Estonia: “least religious country in the world”. How is that a bad thing?
Slovenia has a high suicide rate and much alkoholism
austria is the worst country in europe at making painters
Albania, the only country in Europe with no McDonald's... And that's a bad thing????
Sweden: Migration for sure
Belaroos
Thank you im Austrian we are the bosses 😎
I live in slovenia.
Me: (0:33) Oh wow nice I'm going to see some bad news about my country (Germany). OH MA SHIT IF HE OS GOING TO TALK ABOUT 👹 I'LL KILL HIMMMMMMMM Me after: (6:07) oh ok😅
Austria is the worst at keeping their territory
worst fritzle
Bro Armenia is not in Europe
Netherlands on 1:04: hey thats my job
Czechs are proud of being the most drinking country of beer.
For me, as an inhabitant of Greece, my country should have the most in number worst facts in this video e.g. our population is decreasing like bulgaria and at the same time the population of Turkey, which is our enemy, is imcreasin way too much.
4:13 Me as a German: are we a Joke to you?
How is being non religious a bad thing?!
Wtf iceland smokes the most weed? XD. Vikings getting stoned out there.
As a belgian, we got the highest covid 19 best rate because,unlike other countries,we count the deaths in nursing homes
I’m from Denmark, and I can confirm.
6:56 Infuriating you seemingly randomly highlighted Greek islands instead of every one...
I don't see how not being religious (Estonia) or not being diverse (Italy) is bad
5:40 and Belgium!😡🇧🇪
Czechia is at nothing the worst😁
Me, born in Belarus : "Oh ye I wonder if Belarus is really that bad at something"  RealLifeLore : yo guess what
France at its worst is to be being brave. 😅 (dont say Napoleon, he is a corsican)
Austria Haus the Most spys in Europe
Arminia is not in Europe 😂😂😂😂
Isn't Cyprus part of Africa?
Kazaksthan is european, BUT TURKEY ISNT?!
Austria is the worst of knowing english, one of they"re towns are called Fucking.
6:53 what do you expect, greece is broke asf. It will take them till 2060 before they will have paid all their debts.
17 cigarettes a day.... cute.  Ah ok for the EVERYONE in the country?!
I never knew Iceland was a part of Europe
I love how he refered to Bulgaria as "she"
Austria is the worst at giving Germany leaders...
Austria has terrible painters
4:46 “Denmark is the hardest place to make friends in” Me living in denmark right now. Hello darknes my old friend
Me seing ireland and living here "OH SHITE"
You mean Europe and West Asia?
Belarus??? Slavery???
How feckin dare you insult the name of my home country
Austria technicqlly had a part that started both world wars so... Maybe maintaining World Peace between people is the thing they are worst at?? (Not to offend Austrians, its satire but still)
belrussia eat vodka
it's impossible that Italy Is the least culturally diverse country in Europe. Literally impossible
Austria not having a single kangaroo.
austria is not
How is being least religious country in the world a bad thing? I'm not from Estonia.
Die meisten Länder waren noch nicht mal in europa
4:59 this is a plus imo lol
Being the least religious country in Europe is not bad thing, you go Estonia
Austria won a lot of wars, but lost the most important ones... 🇦🇹
Poland is the country of the antichrist, we must get rid of it
What austria is worst at: getting invaded by Germany  Serbian killed Franz Ferdinand
Im disliking this video for the fucking pay gap
I dont think not having a MacDonalds is worse than having one
Anschluss
So many of these countries arent in Europe😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Denmark: I can confirm that :(
Where is România ? You not from europe
1:40 Not starting both World Wars
Phew Croatia wasn't that bad lol🇭🇷
Your video is the 10 minute video no one wanted or needed! 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
u forgot greenland
Happy places have more depressed people in general. It's usually thought that's because when you're around happy people depression gets even worse because you constantly compare yourself and has unrealistic expectations.
Video: The biggest problem of Belarus and the Czech Republic is high consumption of alcohol and beer Me as another Slav: So where's the problem?
I don't know what Austria is worst at but it is best at marketing that Hitler was from Germany 😂
4:34 why is the consuption of beer bad? We are very proud of it
0:29 isn’t that supposed to be Good News?
And were is Russia, Israel or Azerbaijan?
Lol Azerbaijan and Armenia are not European countries and Kosovo is not independent country.
Czechs: Is highest beer consumption suppose to a weakness?
Belgium has the highest covid death rate because our dumbass country is counting people who died in a car accident or heart attack still as a COVID19 death
Where’s Dutch?
btw, is not pronounced “BellaRUS”, it’s pronounced “BellaROOS”.
The fact that Albania doesn't have many doctors is probably cuz they don't need em so much since there are no mc Donald's lol (jk btw)
Fun fact: Belarus is called „White-Russia“ in german
You didn’t mention Sardinia which wasn’t included with Italy so obviously is an Independent nation
actually austria is one of the worst in terms of citizens' rights, traffic police there is taught to extort money from people by any mean and dastardly ways possible, even if you haven't done any violations
Estonia really is just Reddit as a country
some of those are not real problems :) but great videos
Austria have the worst German leader survival rate
Safe to say no Internet Trolls live in Cyprus then..
I have found some mistakes in this video: Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia aren't European Countries, You said Andorran's had the Worst Smoking Problem to late say Greece does in Europe, Georgia (Which isn't in Europe) has the same amount of breakaway states as Moldova (Gagauzia, and Transnistria) and Ukraine has three breakaway states, Crimea, Luhans, Donetsk.
7:48 Sardinia is independent now?
Romania  ?
Austria is the worst at having a stable empire
Sorry to break it to you but Cyprus actually has a very good internet speed I live there it depends where you live
You forgot to include Lebanon 🇱🇧 which is in Europe
4:15 Im from norway its nit bad connection
5:01 how the hell is being least religious a bad thing??
Being not Germany in both world wars for austria
4:22 like is that supposed to say norway has good or bad wifi? Beacuse it has good
You missed *TURKEY*
You're in denmark Me: Hi wanna be my friend? Other: STFU KID Me: :(
Austria is super racis
I'm sorry but not having Mcdonalds is rather great thing!
Czech Republic is a paradise
Im from Greece and the cigarette problem it's very big, thankfully my parents don't smoke.Also you forgot that we have really bad politicals,but i don't think generosity its a problem!!!
Make no mistake; The loss of Democracy in the Castilian Spain with POLITICAL PRISONERS, HOLOCAUST and CRIMES AGAINST HUMNANTY is the greatest loss of our Honest Humanity in Europe; BALKANIZE SPAIN for a true Democratic Transition and Freedom of Catatonia. Spain can not be defended because it is NOT a country - it is like Yugoslavia and Castilians are the Serbians. A made up country, a “Castilian chiringuito” to steal steal and steal like the Spanish MoNarcos fugitives of Justice for stealing billions from Europeans.
Ey yo where Poland at in this video?
i’m in cyprus right now i understand why the wifi is getting disconnected and connected.
im wondering, but why do people include Asian countries like Armenia in Europe? In Sweden we are taught that they are Asian countries.
Austria is the worst at being bad at something ;)
Kosovo: being useful
4:44 so thats why i dont have friends..
Since Austria is not in this video, what I believe that Austrians are bad at is: Painting     If you know what I mean
The largest country with no airport, borders the two most visited countries
It's a good thing that Estonia is the least religious country
8:39 SHEEESH
Forza italia 🇮🇹 🇮🇹
A question i always asked me... why are azerbaijan and armenia sometimes assigned to europe and sometimes to asia
United kingdom's immigration policy is the worst in europe.
Serbia is good comutry
Azerbaijan is middle East country.! talk about EU Not middle East here.
Not having mcfobakds is not a curse but a bless
is being the highest militarised country in Europe a bad thing?
Kazakhstan is not in europe
Georgia is not in europe
1:54
Azerbaijan is not in europe
You said that Greece is the least generous country but if you watch at the news its the only country which let more than 1000 people who need to leave their countries because of war in
Kosovo is Serbia!
You're saying that Estonia has the lowest amount of religion like it's a bad thing.
How is the least religious country in world a bad trait, should be the most religious country
Italia: Veneto e la sua lingua  Dico solo questo😂
bulgaria isnt poor almost every bank is full in it and they are making more
The homeless problem in Germany is true. But there is a high percentage of homeless people who chose that life. It's not that they don't have a choice, or being forced or anything. Unless in some very specific special cases, everyone can get a basic home and some money in Germany.
Austria and Slovenia: The worst at being the worst
This slavery thing in Belarus is spooky. Many of the content you find on the internet marketed as Russian porn involves Belarusian sex slaves. Sad.
Actually, Armenia’s militarization is helpful for itself because it’s surrounded by Turkey and Azerbaijan, countries that both hate Armenia.
Kosovo is the least recognized nation in Europe. Transnistria: Am I a joke to you?
In geographic perspective neither Kazachstan (its a central Asia), Armenia, Azerbaijan or Turkey (most of it) is in Europe. Where are you from I am wondering. The border of Europe is Ural mountains, rivers Uma and Manyč (Kumo-manyčskaja vpadina), Bosporus, Dardanelles etc
Least religious country is a bad thing? What the hack?
armenia isnt even close to europe lol
Azerbaijan is in Asia.
I was suprise of slovenia and avstria
If you notice, he is calling countries as "she" . Thats probably cuz in most languages countries are feminine
I thought Azerbaijan and Arminia where in Asia Also I thought you where doing Europe
Jesus christ my country (Greece) is a disgrace. 3rd highest pop smoking in the world, 2nd highest economy crisis in the world and 4th least generous in the world. Wow
Poland is the worst at existing
Albania: sorry, my research was destroyed by a tsunami and my research was about making McDonald’s
Austria is best at starting wars then blaming it on the Germans
Germany - Wars
in italy we don’t have cultural diversity beacouse we believe in the pizza supremacy 🇮🇹
"Albania never received a single McDonalds resteraunt"  *Colonel Sanders laughs in evil happiness*
Are u saying that Europe is bad i have from Italy 😭😭😔👿👿😠😠😠😠😠😠😦😦 I can say that u are laying so don't
Austria is the best at rejecting their artist into art school
Estonia has a high paygap because otherwise the suicide rates will rise thats my theory
I live in Austria i could think of some things we are wordt at 😂😂
"Least religious country in the world" - lol, how is that bad?
Why she or her we are talking about countries call them it
Why Estonia being unreligious is a bad thing?
You know... I’m Albanian and I approve everything said about my country. I hate it there.
how is armenia and azerbaijan in europe ?
Poland: Where im i?
armwnia azerbaijan gerorgian and kazakhstan are not in europe only 2 some areas in cyrus are part or europe
Why there wasnt LATViA?
has EU's worst outbreak-Austria
For Austria there was this guy called Adolf who had a pretty unique mustache
Why is it bad to be least religious? I would think that is positive. Being the most religious country would be bad...
Austria and Slovenia are tied at being the worst countries in Europe when it comes to being the worst at something
When he said georgia i thought he was talking about the state lol
how the fuck are you claiming "least religious" as a fucking negative? that's a positive.
who else disliked cos he mentioned there country, I.
does this guy know where europe is?
italy not having sardinia e
9:00 why are serbian states getting their own segments?
Wtf are these subtitles
Gde je Srbija ovde, toliko nas mrzite da necete ni da nas hejtate
as a person who is from Bulgaria i can agree with the cheap thing  people would give more money for the roads than the buildings and the place where people live (and even the roads aren't that good) I'm not complaining tho it's amazing to fall sometimes
Anthhhhhhhaaaair
Who is just waiting for their country to be called also  no Canada 🙂
Austria is the worst at not letting world wars happen
Estonia being the least religious country in Europe is a great thing wtf
No surprise that there are so many homeless people in Germany. You have to be rich as fuck to afford a condo here. Prizes in my village go up 200€ just because there's a railway leading to Frankfurt. So, when you're not wealthy in Germany, you basically either have to eat dry bread all year, or become homeless.
Austrian are worst at speaking German 😂😂😂😂
Never knew Azerbaijan, Armenia and Kazakhstan are European countries. He cant even pronounce Belarus, which explains how much research they actually do.
Me with my 2 Mbit/s Internet speed: I go to *Cyprus*
Austria is one of the worst contries in speaking proper german xD
I don't see any problem for being the least religious country in the world. Actually it's the opposite: the population of Estonia is the most grown-up.
You forgot Spain 🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸I'm from there XD
Kosovo isnt a country, Kosovo is Serbia 🇷🇸!
Bruh azerbejan armenia georgia are not in eu
You didn't name sweden
TLDR not doing genocide
9:28 What about governing a country? Any class for that?
Austria is the worst at war, I know that bc I live there.
You forget Serbia😶
"Croatia has the lowest volume of railroad passengers". This doesn't surprise me, fellow croatians will understand :D
Yo, you should check the map of europe before calling countries like Armenia part of europe
Italy: I'm the smartest country in Europe! Also Italy: Has Lowest rate of college graduation!
Austria I am there now ...
that finland fact is completely untrue
Estonia being the least religious in Europe, sorta failing to see how that’s the worst?
Bro you didn't mark all the islands when referring to Greece, please make sure you wont make similar mistakes in the future
GREECE? LEAST GENERUS? have u ever come here? fucking europe are you CRAZY??
Everything behind Turkey is not Europe!! It's a discussion if Turkey is even part of Europe so Georgia is definitely not Europe.
4:32 Is that something bad? greatings from Germany
Greece Gas the Most People who are homeless
Being the least religious country on the world is not a problem
Isn't not having many cars a good thing tho?
I wonder who left the landmines in Bosnia...
Isn't not having a McDonald's a good thing tho?
Austria are the worst at fighting napoleon
Azerbaijan is not Europe   Belarus doesn’t have slaves
Lets go Im from slovenija 🇸🇮🇸🇮 we too good 😂😂 jk
Why its always Americans that try to make videos like this Amerika is much more worse than all the eu
Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan is not europe, it is Asia
Austria is the worst at beeing the worst
Ελλάδα +1
This is inaccurate, Bullshit.
2:05 *Belarus not Belaras
When you talked about Croatia you forgot to highlight the Dubrovnik region
Wait the countries have gender
Austria is worst at hiding that hilter was austrian
Being non-religious is not a bad thing.
Austria: *worst at keeping world peace*     They technically started both World Wars, so yeah...
As German I can say the homeless problem here is pretty bad especially in big cities. I first thought we would get the price for the worst internet but Cyprus won that one.
Austria has the highest school bullying rate per pupil/student
The Austrians are the worst at art.
As a Austrian I can say that the people in Vienna are really mean and coldies
Austria is the worst at being Austria, yet also the best
Macedonia isn't apart of greece
Titel: Every Country i Europe  Portugal,Spain, Uk... Nani!?
AUSTRIA POGGGGGG
Azerbaijan and Armenia are Europe?
To be least religious is not a bad thing. Rather a good thing in my opinion. At least it should be ragarded as neutral.
Well,now I know  that I need to stay away from Belarus (no ofeds or anything)
The caucauses countries arent in europe, so is Turkey, turkey has provinces in europe but it is not an european country
Have you ever visited Italy? I don’t think so. I live in the center of this country and for me people who live in Sicily are almost foreigners. Especially talking about the dialect
Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia aren’t even in Europe....
Austria isn’t good at accepting people into art schools
Austria is one country mainly involved started world war
Italy: are you challenging me?
"Least freedom of the press" There is something i must tell you about Russia and Belarus
how's being non religious a worst thing?
Aren't Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan in Asia??
How can it be bad to be Atheist?
Spoiler : Sardinia is italian
i would say austria is the worst in speaking german, but there still is saxony...
oh yes, 'murican guy making a video about what in Europe is the worst country at. Will you ever make a same video about states in USA? of course not, because well.... 'Murica first
Austria is the worst at not being Austria
What is that country call Kosovo i live in Serbia and never heard for that?
The thing is. No One in Finland knows why we are counted as the happiest....
Nice now Belgium is famous for Covid,  rather have it to be chocolate or french fries! :D
other countries: "our people are dying theres crime and corruption" *croatia: nobody use our trains*
I never thought that it's possible to have lower internet speed than Germany. Well done Cyprus.
Me Germany Also Germany Loosed Both Wolrd war Because Of Austria He Begann:////////////////////// 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
Kosovo isn't a country because more countries don't recognize it. Thank God.
FInland just proves that the world happiness report is entirely made up
croatia has prpbably the worst railway system in europe too
Austria is worst at keeping a government for a full 4 year period...
since when Azerbaiyán and Armenia belong to Europe?
8:39 uhh did... Did he just say sheesh?
so is england a country?
i thought kazakhstan and the caucasus is in asia minor...
Finland: When all the sad people kill themself, all living are happy, duh.
3:15 kinda arbitrary since every country had their own method of counting. Belgium really overestimated by counting every single death of an infected person whether they actually died to the virus or not where other countries only counted people that were 100% confirmed to have died to the virus itself. This conclusion of mortality rates is just impossible to make because there is no good comparison so it's bs. Don't believe everything you read online. I'm not a butthurt belgian but it just annoys me that this kind of amateur statistics are being spread around nilly willy.
What asia is worst at video pls
French people buy cigarettes in Andorra...
Austrians are the worst at accepting artists into college
You know this is wrong when they say greeks are not generous
Me living in bavaria/germany: I have only  1 MB/s
5:00 thats not a bad thing kekw
when u see your country in video:YEA
Austria can't speak a proper Language.
Austria: Worst At Creating Politicans
Is azerbaizan in europe
Azerbaijan "lowest rate of vehicle ownership" isn't necessarily bad, maybe the public transports are just good enough?
Austria: 1- Has a lot of Smokers 2- Mostly grumpy people lol
Azerbeijan is not Europe
Albania: the lowest amount of physicians per capita plus no Mc Donald's at all. As you can guess, there maybe is a relation between the two data: maybe they don't need too many doctors because they eat healthy? (cf. Sycho by Michael Moore) 😉. When it comes to Belarus, their juridic system still includes death penalty - which means that we are talking about the European State which is most similar to the USA, in this respect...
Austria + hitler
How is being not religious bad? 🙄 how can critical thinking be bad?
Kosovo isnt a country
Why do I have automatic subtitles in Vietnamese? 😂
I like your video but I need to point out that your Greece map for some reason doesn't include almost none of the Aegean sea islands. Why is that???
Bit sad when RLL forgets to add Sardinia as a part of Italy
The buffer zone is in Europe?
f in the chat for portugal
so Azerbaijan is here, but Russia is not, despite having a capital in Europe nice, unsubbed
"Denmark is the hardest place to make a friend" Introverts: I go to Denmark
Is it correct to refer to a country as she? I'm not a native speaker so I'm confused
Czechia was insulted!!!! We are proud of it!! >:(
Portugal and  Italy Not very cultural San Marino, Vatican and monaco ........
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is a good point.
Maybe i should move to estonia
Czechia go on 👍
Austria is the worst at keeping Europe in peace lol
Azerbeijan don't have least freedom only outsider countryes show like they have no freedom thats wrong
So the Finnish are either depressed or so happy?
Andorra has a Airport
Technically this is still the best. Germany is the best at having the worst homeless problem. They aren't the worst at having the worst homeless problem.
“Can Scotland be seen as its own country?” Rest of the world “No”  Also england “Scotland is the reason to our problems!”
Turkey !?
This video is a waste of time with stupid facts.
Some of these things are good tho, not having Mcdonalds or having the least religious people are more than positive for me
Finland: everything
The biggest problem of Denmark is not making Friends...
Wasn't it Bosnia and Herzegovina smoking the most? What is the difference to Greece? Italy is critical to mention. And the Belgium one could have been left out...
Cyprus Occupated from northern Republic of what??? Check your books better my friend if you want to   pretend that you make educational videos.
ok, so its good to smoke weed but its bad to not believe in a religion?
> Albania > not a single mcdonalds  Is that a bad thing? lol
Am I the only one who is wondering since when Armenia is a part of Europe?😅🤭
Its very simple, england is worse at everything
How the Fu** has Germany the most homeless people? Wofür haben wir Hartz IV
Im happy for Portugal not have bad things 😁
How the hell being a least religious country is a problem? Well done Estonia!
In no way shape or form is Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazahstan  European
Estonia being the least relligious country... Is it actually bad? I think the opposite, it's one major factor that starts conflicts everywhere - OUT.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something.
Israel doesnt exist?
Armenia and Azerbaïdjan Arendt in Europe (imo).
i am living in cyprus and i understand you
Why is Greece bad
Bruh Azerbaijan isn’t in Europe nor is Armenia
my homie didnt even mention slovakia, wtf m8? :D
Do you actually know what countries are in Europe?
I'm pretty sure art isn't one of Austria's strong points...
Ok how is not being religious a bad thing? I'm confused
Italy: get out of the economic crisis
Azerbaijan? Europe? am I tripping right now or have you gotten your continents mixed up?
8:30 lol Kazakhstan is in Asia 😂
Germany is worse at winning world wars.
Albaniaok,  Andorra:ministatePrincipate"betweenSpain-France---why do77k people need an airport in between mountains?---Have you been in Andorra ? Also smoking/cigarettes statistics should be connected to tourism,not locals.  Armenia:not Europe, Country in Asia / stopped watching What's wrong? You messed titles or you 've never met with "geography"?
Bulgaria is kinda in this awkward middle ground where the country is developed enough to be in the EU and give freedom to its citinzens to travel and work/live abroad, but not developed enough to where people would actually consider staying in it.
Did you know guys that poland was like 10 Times bigger before ww2... Its bec of german:(
who would like to see my videos, I'm in the beginning and I need support!
Tech-Republic/Techo-slovakia: Existing
So Finland's bipolar  .... strange they seem closer to the north pole
Should people in Estonia being non-religious really be classified as a bad thing?
How is Estonia's lack of religion a bad thing?
Estonia is the least religious? sign me uppp
How is still having the death penalty a bad thing?
guys pls dont Meme Austria... tf
Finland= most depressing countrie  also finland = is rhe happiest
Imagine if America was on that list man the list would be to big and wouldn’t fit
However, Albania is good for relying exclusively on renewable energy, same with Iceland.
Kosovo is Serbia, and it not deppend who you ask, it was, it is and it will be part of Serbia
Na zdraví Česká Republika 🇨🇿🍻🍺
Britain is worst at making borders.
Audtrians are bad at painting I think.
Belarus sounds very bad lol
2:45  Russia: Am I a joke to you?
Andorra doesn’t have particular problem with tobacco. The reason is that there is less taxes on tobacco (an alcohol) in Andorra than France (may be also Spain), so every person that travel near Andorra will make a detour to buy cigarettes and alcohol. (17 cigarettes a day ?!)  And, France is the first consumer of anxiolytics and antidepressants in the world. Very good.
Austria is the worst at solving problems peace fully. Etc WW1
It is not bad thing for country because there is no mcdonalds, mac is shit. Good job Albania.
France has the youngest median population second only to Serbia in Europe. Plenty of children compared to all the elderly in the other countries.
7:47 SARDINIA IS PART OF ITALY
2:05 how he says Belarus lol
In reality Italy have a Gdp of 2 trillion dollars (euros)
You know where I live... Italy if you can speak or urdestant Italian you need to see (is in Italian) 99 che succedono solo in italia
Armenia and azerbaijan are not i europe or am i being dumb? They are in asia..  🤷‍♂️👀
U should do a what every state is worst at in America
Technecaly every causcauian ecery
Aremenia is in asia not in europe
Based Estonia Because if that religion thing  I like that
4:55 i consider being the least religious country actually as something good. so for this video it should be at least treated as a neutral fact
why your every video has problems with subtitles ????
Andora ????? this even exist ? wow
He forgot Portugal and Spain
Kosovo is Serbia
Albania is criminal terorrist country
Armenia is not in Europe
You made many Azerbaijanis,Croats  and Serbians mad..
Kosovo is a disputed territory not a country
Really Armenia, Azerbaijan... When did Europe grow into Asia?  And did anyone tell Asia that it is shrinking?  I better update my game of RISK ...
What are these subtitles lol
I like how he mentiones kazachstan but not slovakia
7:48 Why is Sardinia not lit up? Sardinia is an Italian island
Least religious is a bad thing?
Andorra is some sort of tax heaven. French and Spanish people cross the border to buy cigarettes, therefore this superhigh number per capita. Andorran people don't smoke more than their neighbours
4:03 I live there ;-;                    The low volumen For pasengers *ISNT TRUE*
You just forgot about Romania
7:50 when you lit Italy, you forgot the Sardinia... In what's country do you think we are? France?
Andorra has an airport, but it's not in use
The Andorran piece is worthless as there are 5 people who live there. That alone artificially inflates rates on everything
What ever USA sucks
Italy has the lowest rate of college graduation beaguse the university is the hardest in the world.
Well, in Andorra lots of spanish and french people buys cigarrets so I don't know if the statistic you used is counting only the andorrian people or just the amount of sold cigarrets for inhabitant.
I'm not sure if the death penalty remaining in Belarus makes them the worst at that front. There are upsides to it.
Austrians are hella racists tho. Even more than Germans
Albania is not the only county which doesn't have McDonalds in Europe. Montenegro Iceland and Macedonia don't have McDonalds too
Bruh, i leave in greece, those are not comparable to the things you dont know we have the worst 😂
BRUH  FINLAND: MOST DEPRESSION COUNTRY IN EUROPE                     AND MOST HAPPIEST COUNTRY
How is Azerbaijan even I. Europe?!!?
Note to self:don't move to Cyprus
Im in bosnia :C
Didn't know that Lithuenia and Latvia is not in EU xd
austria has worst intelligence agency (BVT) and is generally insanely corrupt
Georgia: are first Europeans also Georgia: invented wine also Georgia: has best water in Europe This guy: *WORST POVERTY!!!! MOST BREAKAWAY STATES!!!!!!!!!*
3:04 the reason for this is not only because they are having big problems, its also because they count diffrent, other countries count it if they afe 100% sure, Belgium would count it even if they're not sure, but if there is a possibility they would just asume it.
Highest beer consumption in Czecha is actually a huge benefit!
No McDonalds? What a disaster :)
The fact about andorra is pretty inaccurate . The reason it’s so high is because many spaniards buy tobacco in bunch since it’s much cheaper. There are border controls for this specifically (as well as alcohol).
Estonia being least religious.  That's something to congratulate
Well my country you know PRACTICALLY isnt worst at anything
Austria is the worst at speaking German.
Georgia and Azerbaijan are European countries?
Austria is worst at keeping painters away from germany
When it comes to education in italy, it is really hard, degrees take years and after that it is really hard to find a job, for example medicine takes 10 years to be fully prepared, even law is really slow, so yeah we are the least not because of us but because of the system that we live in
Oh thats why they plaster cancer donation ads everywhere -
Why did you put Azerbaijan and Armenia in Europe 😂
How is Czechia leading in beer consumption or Estonia being not religious bad lol
Minute 5:00 Estonia is the Least religious conutry in Europe; and what does it have of bad?? :D :D 🖕🏻😁🖕🏻
I have a border with my neighbour. Am I a part of their land? No. Azerbaijan is not part of Europe.
“The highest amount of modern slavery outside of Africa & Asia...”  When you accidentally reveal the, “racist truth” about slavery.
Italy worst at film-making there needs to be a moratorium against them.
LOL, Belgium has more bad things then covid. We also have a lot good things ...
This guy put KAZAKHSTAN in europe, but not Turkey.  ????
Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are in asia not europe
Austria is worst at winning wars and sustaining empires
armenia, azerbaijan and georgia are not in europe bruh
Russia is not only part of Asia, but a huge chunk is part of Europe. So its not only the biggest country in the world, but its also the only country to be in two contents
have never heard saying kazakhstan is europe
Koso is not country
shut up kosovo is albania it dont matter who u ask we got independence day and our flag is albanian flag and our name is Dardania in albania(illirya)
0:45 but that's a good thing
08:40 sheesh
Austria is the birthplace of Hitler
Lowest rate for car ownership is good stop saying good things are bad
I would consider not having a mcdonalds as a good thing....
estonias shouldnt be accused at being the country which worships the least,if you ask me they should be highly credited for that
Austria has the worst German.
THaT mEanS dOrA SmOkES
New statistics for gender pay gap in Estonia say that it's now 15,6%, so there's definitely progress.
Why is it bad to have the lowest precent of people which are not religios?
Albania is worse than shit even in the real life.. With all the respect for Mercedes Benz
It is rediculous to expect a country that mostly because of wrong EU economic policies imposed leading  to almost losing half of its GDP, to be critisized for lack of willingness to donate.
5:10 I'm from Finland and I don't neither know what the FUCK are we doing
Hungary:everything
Why leave out Sardinia in outline of Italy?????
7:52 Now I know why Italy banned tik tok
What's Austria worst at? Being the nationality of Hitler
Austria is worst to create great leaders..
Austrians are the worst at being Australians...
Finland has most coffie
So Europeans, which country would I want to live in the least Belarus or Bulguria??? They both sounded so lovely
and spain :´(? edit: just saw there is a part 2 lmao
Ayyy, big up Ireland. It's not easy living with cystic fibrosis
Britain, commitment.
How can be not being religious a bad thing?!
Austria is worst at being an empire .Poland is worst at being a country
People are dumb.   Serbia started WW1 Germany or Some country might've started WW2
Germany is bad at winning world wars.
1:44 starting world wars
Austria is landlocked
Austria is the worst at monarchs not reproducing with cousins
Highest rate of cannabis use, lowest amount of religious people and no McDonalds, what’s bad about these?
Mental illness awareness causes happiness :()
Germany is the worst nation at winning world wars
You believe being a "least religious country" is a negative asset? Wow...
Why is Estonia being atheist bad?
7:57 This is not even true. If you come in Italy, you saw that it is false.
Germany is worst in starting world wars 2 or is this something good?
finland is the happiest country because all the depressed people commit suicide
Austria is the only country in Europe where more women than men are murdered.
Austria is worst at staying United with Germany and from the German confederation🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣😍🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😅
Germany is the owrst at winning world wars
8:40 sheesh
Austria is the worst at painting
Azerbaijan and Armenia are not in Europe tho, and Kazhastan is largely in central asia... it's like calling Turkey a balkan country because of Istanbul.
Germany: has the most homeless crisis in Europe  Also Germany: the richest country in Europe Finland: Highest rates of depression in Europe Also Finland: the happiest country in the world I’m sorry but what the fuck is this video, your research is so garbage
Not all of these are in Europe. Georgia for example is classsified as in Asia.
4:26 That land being occupied is considered illegal as a ceasefire was signed before hand. Also the wifi being not so good isnt that bad considering they spend lots of time away from screens
Austria is bad at keeping it's country together
Hello, i'm danish and just wanted to say. I don't wanna be friends with anyone in this comment section!
Austrians: speaking the same language without being able to unterstand other Austrians
Kosovo is occupied part of Serbia!
What a ridiculous comment saying that smoking pod in Iceland is a good thing instead of a bad thing.  It may be funny in rich countries, but here in South America we suffer a lot from violence, to provide marijuana for you all.  I live in Rio de Janeiro, and everyone I know has already lost someone due to the violence of drug dealing. We are hostages in our own home.
Albania doesn’t have a McDonalds and u think thats a bad thing !? Really !!
Italy has the lowest rate of college graduation because students just stay studying for all eternity as something todo until they find a job. At the point, usually after 10 years at college, nobody cares if they graduated or not.
What is the european paradise ? It is a restaurant with an englishman as waiter, an italian for entertainment, a french as cooker, and a German to organization.  What is the european nightmare ? It is the same restaurant, but with a french as waiter, a german for entertainment, an englishman as cooker and an italian to organisation.
Worst thing in Portugal has to be corrupted and not charged politicians! No politician did ever do time on jail because of corruption, however most of them are corrupted
Don’t know why he stated it as a downpoint, it’s great that Estonia is the least religious country in Europe!
Memes of today: Is Israel a legitimate state? Memes of 2027: Is Kosovo a legitimate state?
*cries in Albanian without McDonald's*
"to receive a McDonald's" 😅 Like it's some prize.
I'm from Azerbaijan 🇦🇿
But is not being religious bad. I think it is nothing Estonia is worst in.
Estonia being the least religious country should be good and not bad
You left out the U.K. bro...
Is Estonia being the least religious really a bad thing?
What's even more embarrassing than Germany having more than 650 000 homeless people is the fact that Germany has well over two million houses and apartments that are not in use.
in Italy we have the lowest rate of college graduation because I think that the school system is really bad and old, the school remained the same since 1860s
Finnish conspiracy:  Your happy when you drink the vodka  Your depressed once you've drink it
Austria is the worst at having a healthy royal family
Me hearing someone talkin bad about austria: **triggered**   When someone talks bad at the internet bout it: **Laughs in german**     I am austtian btw and i know that austria is best at loosin ww's that they started
Austria is the worst at getting into art school
Can't live in Cyprus
Make one of all of america south and north plz
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan is Asian
You are here to see Germany for some funny mustache guy.
Kosovo Republic 🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰🇽🇰
Yea i probably know more people in Ireland who smoke or have smoked then people who have never
Estonia being the least religios isn't a bad thing
7:30 it true 😔
Anyone else hear a low sound in his mic
im danish and i have to friends so thats maybe why...
Austria is worst at accepting people in to art schools
What is the background music?
Kosovo is serbia
Greece is however an extremely hospitable county, much more so than any other European by far without a single douby. Charity only works if you have good institutions and organizations to do so. In greece, do you know how outdated many systems were compared to for example where I live in the Netherlands? THAT is the main reason for sure. It has nothing to do with the average Greek and their incredible generosity. For example. Im sure that my country the Netherlands is one of the best charity nations on the planet. But the average Dutch citizen is absolutely not warmhearted nor hospitable. Dutch people on average are individualistic, often enough rude or big mouthed, and at best friendly. So, this charity stuff statistic is absolutely meaningless when it comes to how people are doing good deeds for others. It's just not in the charity kind of way in Greece due to no systems/institutions in Greece being good at it or efficient. It's already a pain to pay your electricity bills, let alone do something like Charity. But believe me, Greeks are extremely hospitable, and I have the most amazing stories of a large amount of people giving me presents of all sorts, even when they just came to know me in just 30 minutes or less. And this only scratches the surface. Greece has also a word that doesn't exist in any other language. It's called Philotimo. Search it and google it. And find out that Greece is a truly special culture with warmth that far exceeds those I have seen in any other nation.  Bottomline: Charity is measured , but incredible hospitality isn't measured
I thought Spain we were broke , but  damn ....
So glad my country was first on the list. It made the video only 1 minute long from 10😆
Hate to burst your bubble but Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia and Kazakhstan are definitely Asian countries
You saying that it is a bad thing, that estonians are non-religious is quite telling. It would be at least fair if you pointed out the most zealous ones.
Azerbaijan, georgia and kazahstan are in asia not europe mate.
Kazakhstan is not in Europe
we are fucking proud of the beer in czech bitch
Least religious country isnt a bad thing tho
I wonder where the data about smoking in Andorra came from. Probably is from selling data and those don't take into account that, there, cigarettes are cheaper and french and Spanish people go shopping there as in a duty-free.
Kosovo doesn't have mcdonalds either, that's why albanians don't suffer from diabetes , it's a good thing i would say
Austria is worst at helping you keep to your diet..they force feed everyone with chocolate and cream cakes.
Drinking beer and not being religious is bad apparently...
Turkey Cyprus Azerbaijan Georgia Armenia are Asian countries
Austria makes the worst people, Hitler
Good news for Belgium they are no longer the worst in Coronavirus in fact they're not even really that close
Estonia, the least religious country in the world: well done, Estonians!!!
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan etc. All in videos about Europe?? Dude theres a continent called asia you know
Albania doesn't have McDonald,  so it doesn't need that many doctors. It's related.......
How could you? How could you not include Belgiums great capability to form a government?
armenia and azerbaijan in europe? wtf?
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing at all???
austria best
Cyprus is a island that contains 2 different conturies North and South. CYPRUS IS NOT OCCUPIED BY TURKEY!!!
Wait, is Kazakhstan even in Europe?--
*Laughs in Croatian*
since when was armenia and azerbaijan in europe lol?
I don't think you know the borders of europe.
Cyprus with a average internet speed of 6.9 Mbps. Me with 1.3 Mbps: *Cries*
Turkey: rights
"Estonia is the least religious, with most of the population saying religion is not important."  ...I'm not seeing how this is a problem.
Austria is worst at making coffee, which is strange as their cakes are     delicious
How Estonia being atheist is a bad thing, tho?
Where the fuck are your borders for Europe?
Iceland is a huge country with very few people. Areable land as a percentage of total area is not nearly as important as areable land per inhabitant. Estonia the least afflicted by religion seems like an advantage to me.
Austria is the worst at being the worst apparently.
Albania doesn’t need doctors if there is no Mc Donald’s
Gender wage gap is a myth.
Is Kazakhstan in Europe??
Bruh, how the fuck does Cyprus have faster internet than me
Since when being “the least religious” is a bad thing? You know what they say: no priests = unmolested children.
5:00 Is that a bad thing? I'd like to remind you that some of the most religious countries are also quite poor.
Not only you missed Sardinia being in Italy, but you forget how the italian school system is the biggest joke in history
Kosono is not even a country...its a muppet country of NATO and USA just to decrease the power of Serbia after the end of Yugoslavia
Where's Turkey?
Kosovo isn't a country lol
Lol Andorra is just French people who come buy at Andorra because it's cheaper
i dont know why i still live in bulgaria, we only 7 people here, i gotta move asap
Kazakhstan? ??
Asabajan Georgia and Armenina  are not a part of éroupe
Austria: ✨I'm perfect✨
Now I wanna know why these bad things happen to those counties
Poland-Neighbors
Did he say slovenija? I think he mised slivenija or i just wasnt payin atention
UN and turkey uk: am I a joke to you
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe?!!! Is that a joke?
"Estonia is the least religious county". But that's actually a good thing, right?
Ok. Finland you got me there
"Belarus has the highest percentage of alcohole consumption" Balkans: Finally a worthy opponent! Our battle will be legendary!
8:39 SHEEEESH
Wy Are there country s in the list that aren't in Europa
Austria: The worst when you ask "What was Hitler's actual nationality?"
Why is Estonia being the least religious country in Europe even a bad thing?
Treating their colonies properly
Estonia: least religious country in the world. Isn't it the best thing?
I personally see Estonias lack of religion as a good thing. Why do we need it when there's more important things like science and real education?
Least religious country isn't a bad thing at all imo
Yes, Romania is not here ?
0:13 ok thanks for clearing that up, i thought you would talk about the European countries in Asia.
In Hungary it is almost cheaper to go to USA, buy the latest iPhone, stay for a night or two in NYC then fly home than buying an iPhone inland.
You know Turkey  and Russia and Georgia are the borders for the east side so kinda interesting and fun fact Cyprus isn’t even in Europe but in the European Union
Estonia least religious. Iceland highest stoners. 😁 I mean lots of stoners.  Again, are these so bad??? 😮  Actually they're good. 😁
Czechia has the highest beer consumption. And that's bad??? OK, they leave less Pilsner Urquelle for other countries, but yet. For them, is that so bad???
Highest sales tax here in Hungary? That's the worst you could find??? 😮   Azerbaijan: Our press' freedom is the worst. Bulgaria: We're the poorest in EU.  Hungary: You both, hold my beer. 😁  At least our network speed is pretty good. 😁
You should Name tue worst things about estonia. Not some of the most awesome facts the country has to offer.  How is a large percentage of atheists a bad thing?  Oh and the gender pay gap is bullsh*t because it can be explained by Personal choice and preferences in career decicions
The czeck beer consumtion is a good thing. As a german I can confirm that their beer is of a very high quality and fits perfectly to almost every dinners.  I get that americans think that Drinking beer is a terrible thing because the "beer" they produce is terrible.
In the map of Azerbaijan you didn't light Nakhchivan. Its population is fully consist of Azerbaijanis and it's fully legal territory of Azerbaijan.
lol Czechia's beer consumption makes it superior
8:42 thats where im from 🇽🇰, its a really great country to live if you got a job that pays average, otherwise l totally agree on that unemployment rate
Austria - racism, extreme right, still nazis although they hide it! You're welcome
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan are all in Asia not in Europe
i would say that estonia being the least religious is a plus.
Austrians are the worst at holding a multi-ethnic empire together
8:11 it's because it isn't
Austria is worst of having the nicest named town until january 1st 2021
Haha Brexit means no uk in Europe so there for we cant be bad at anything 😎🇬🇧
"84% of Estonias population is unreligious. " Not a bad thing tho. I would say the higher that procent is the better
Estonia being the less religious country in Europe is basically a pro,not a con 🧐
I'm sorry but in Czechia, we are proud to be 1st. at drinking beer.
Germany: World War Me: at least i have skills
Austria is to blame for the largest deforestation in Romania.
Not having a mcdonalds is a massive positive for the country. Also the death penalty is not an automatic negative. Gender earrings gap, please don't make it out the same way as some sjw would.
Wait wait... How can you say that being the least religious country in the world is being "the worst"? I would say that's THE BEST thing about Estonia LOL What a based video...
I just Ask! IS IT BAD TO NOT BE RELIGIOUS?!?! I just feel ofended bc Im not religious!
*Happy Austrian noises*
i'm from iceland, and i gotta say the weed culture is the best part lol
Estonia being least religious is a good thing.
Czechia: Drinks the most beer.          Me: Proud to be Czech🥲
You forgot to include Sardinia in Italy
5:13-5:27 Real life lore the depressed people keep suiciding
So officially I as a Hungarian indeed pay the most taxes compared to income/tax ratio... Great xD
Estonia being the least religious country in the world....is a bad thing??
Kazakhstan is in Central Asia
Only good things in Estonia
so???? What is wrong whit Czechia?
Bro
Azerbaijan, Georgia and Armenia is in Asia
Kazakhstan is not in Europe.
Owch ireland go brrr
worst at getting worst?
Andorra's smoking problem might be partially caused due to tobacco being very cheap there, so whenever Spanish or French smokers visit the country, they buy multiple cartons of cigarrettes.
What about Vatican City? 😰😰😰
Czech Republics best: They are the best at bear consumption Also Czech Republics worst: They have the most bear consumed every year
Greece map is so wrong..There were only a few islands white while most of them are Greek! Shame
Not sure why you'd count least religious as a flaw.
Finland having highest depression rate and being the happiest country actually makes sense. If more people are being correctly identified with the disease then it’s easier to treat people and help them. You could have a country with a 0% depression rate but suicides every day because of poor quality mental health services
Why don't  the country's of the EU  join the UK . because the EU dose not work
Finland:We were depressed but we are also happy
*includes kosovo as a country* 50% of the planet: you done fucked up my dude
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus, and Georgia are not considered part of The European continent.
Nobody has to life on the street in Germany.
America:  being decent humans with safe schools
where's britain?
Azerbaijan, Cyprus, Georgia and Kazakhstan are in Asia
Kosovo is Serbia
As an Italian I’d say that the thing we’re worst at is about organization: I think no country in the world can match us at being disorganized in pretty much everything. There’s even a quote that supports what I say.  “Heaven is where the police are British, the cooks are French, the mechanics German, the lovers Italian and it's all organised by the Swiss. Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lovers Swiss, the police German and it's all organised by the Italians.
Kosovo is not a country
then, I guess, Austria is the worst at being worst at something
Were not İnvaders in cyprus please use your Words carefully
This video is just stupid. You make videos about about what every country is best at, but you make a specific video about how bad Europe is. This is just anti European, anti Western, bad. And I know this is just worst in Europe, because if you included other, non EviLe ColOIsaTIoN European countries, you would find other countries are much worse.  Also with Italy, bing the least "culturally diverse" country is a good thing, so they're the best at that not worst.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being worst at something
Cyprus is on par with Australia for internet speed.
I'll speak in the name of all italians like me: WHY DO YOU ALWAYS FORGET SARDEGNA? ( no offence, just to let you know that our country owns that island too) tpwk love u all x
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Slovakia Is worst at building roads
Thx im from Slovakia
French President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday announced that a 'limited lockdown' will be imposed across the nation to curb the spread of coronavirus disease (Covid-19.Y’all should develop an online income means and focus more on bitcoin. I have been into bitcoin for a while now.
Maybe we drink a lot of beer, but is it a bad thing? Also we produce the best beers in the world! (And then we drink most of them anyway, so not much of it exports)
Austria: worst at taking part in wars Slovenia: worst at being the worst at things
Italy is actually quite heterogeneous culturally-wise, considering that in some places there are minorities speaking (historically) greek, albanian, french, german, slovenian, spanish, and a lot of local languages (sicilian, sardinian and friulian) and dialects...and along with different languages come culture
Switzerland
As a Czech, I can say we got away pretty lightly. Most of us wouldn't see being the #1 beer drinkers as a negative thing (and Im saying it as a person who doesn't drink beer at all).
The Finns are so happy, it's literally depressing.
Austrians are the wort at holding their empire toghter.
Slovenia has the largest city in Europe with the least snow
Disclaimer: there is no "Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus". Not because I say so, but because is the part of Cyprus occupied by Turkey since 1974. "TRNC" is a pseudo-state recognised only by Turkey and no one else.
Make Asian version of this
How are "least religious" and "contributing the least to science" *both* bad? Facts or fairy tales - pick one.
5:21 this is not true. As ireland germany and portugal are all ahead of finland In depression rates.
Wtf i live in greece and all the elderly people in my neibourhood gather 100euros every month and they donate it to charity
austria is the worst at running an empire
(6:50) that's because most of us barely have enough money to pay our own taxes and bills. We also just  "pass down" houses from generation to generation so there's really not much to give.   I'm not saying that there's anything wrong with the video, I just thought it was funny.  BTW, before anyone comes for me, I am Greek.
Hey gay, this who you sad for my countrie isnot true. Bulgaria have one of the greatest history in the EU and the worold
Where is the UK?
Austria is just a country, which isn't worst in any case. AT (or, it would be beautiful it would be true...)
Greece: I’m terrible!  Belarus: allow me to introduce myself
Me as a Turkish waiting for my turn, seeing the thumbnail and decide its politics turkey is worst at.
The thing Austria is worst at: not getting annexed by germany
Im from bosnia, they only scratched the surface
5:31 R.I.P. Corsic isn't coulured 7:49 R.I.P. Sardinia isn't coloured lol
Armenia, azerbaijan... are not in Europe.
I don't see why "least religious country in the world" is a bad thing. I see that as an absolute win?
Austria was invaded by Germany. As an occupied Country, it did not start shit. Also, Adolf was Austrian but became the Chancellor if fecking Germany. Your abysmal ignorance notwithstanding, they are not more the same Country than Canada, New Zealand and Ireland. As per WWI, it's too complicated for the likes of you. Forget about it.
Estonia beeing the least religious I wouldn't consider a bad thing tbh
No doctor no scientist but there’s no McDonald’s nope bought the first two but nope lol unless that’s the reason they don’t need doctors
Czech Republic - covid :(((
Ak 47
Wait a minute there is KAZAKHSTAN but not Turkey? I mean HOW??? You did Armenia and Georgia which are Turkey's neighbor countries but you didn't do Turkey WHY  I know that Turkey isn't in the European Union but the name of the video is 'What every country İN EUROPE is worst at'
norway is the happiest country.
6:25 Greece is also the most stressed country
Cyprus, Kazakhstan, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are not in Europe
ARMENIA IS NOT IN EUROPE!!!!!
austria is the worst at being german
my ignorant self was waiting on the brits.
some of the countries here are not europe, for an example, armenia
Austria is bad at accepting people at art schools :/
7:55 Based Italy. Props to Portugal as well.
Now make a video about Africa and also put a pile of shit on it in the thumbnail. Let's see if you have the balls.
No Serbia, bruhh 3x
8:47 why serbia has highest unemployment rate?
I live you you basically said to those two countries "Sorry that you don't suck"
It's not a good feeling to know that Hitler went to your school and probably sat in the class u have arts in.  Everyday live struggles
Austria is the worst at providing a good French queen.
Turkey is not the European Union 🇪🇺 are you stupid
And Corsica at the France part
And you forgot to highlight Sardinia in the Italy part
You forgot to highlight Nakhchivan at the Azerbaijan part
Greeks just like not paying taxes on paper, don't donate on paper they donate to the church and help thy neighbor directly. We always are hospitable to guests.
This video is explicitly BIASED towards leftist democratic agenda. RealLifeLore, if i was you, I would make an alt-right version.  For example, Sweden would be probably worst for its highest popularity of LGBT ideology. (and Russia would be the best)
Albania has never had a McDonald's How's that a bad thing?
whoa whoa whoa, how is Czechia's a bad thing?!?
Austria is too good for being bad 😝
Estonia: "Least religious country in the world."  Wow, that is great, not a bad thing.
Kosovo looks like Rajasthan
5:23  FINLANDFILE.EXE HAS STOPPED WORKING
I'm from Belgium.. our covid numbers are lies.. no one in my close neighbourhood has/had corona
Казахстан норм
Why did you call Iceland a girl it’s I it it’s a country not a girl
Finland’s bipolar
Turkey?
Just fyi: you were mistaken by the map of azerbaijan.
Austria is worst at winning wars
Austria is worst at not being grman
The one in Germany is true, I’ve seen homeless people washing their clothes on fountains snd I’ve seen homeless people in almost every street in Germany. (This was in Berlin).
In Andorra, the sell of cigarettes (for tourists)  is high due to the low taxes. I don`t think the Andorran people smoke that much.
Regarding religion in Estonia: Isn't religion banned in North Korea completely?
A lot of these are bullshit. Hungary - "highest sales tax in europe" is their worst trait. Kinda subjective lmao
When I heard that Greece is the least generous country I started laughing....
after this video upload:  me an asians who thinks that europe is a rich: *EU is a platypus is just all propaganda*
Where is Slovania, Serbia, North Macedonia, Montenegro etc.?
Azerbaijan is in Europe?
germany 6:02 bitte sehr kamerad
There was Khazahstan which have 3%of land in Europe but Serbia isn't in video, and to be honest Kosovo is in video so this youtuber must be Albanian 😂😂
Me watching this video with a slowenian passport while living in austria 😌 love it
Rest of Europe:What do you guys rank worst at?  The former Soviet countries:Yes
Azerbaijan and armenia are in asia.
Austria is worst when it comes to art schools 👀
Familycartells in almost every valley in Karinthia. From the hotels over all stores and evan community services like buslines are in the hold of one family
The authority offices are still not open, in Austria. The justice and police dosen't work independant from each other. And that's maby the worsest thing in Austria.
Military is actually in Austria just on paper.
Austias society treat drungs still as somethig very very disreputable. But think of that. They have big problems with alkohol on other side.
Austrian musicians, like Andreas Gabbalier and Hansi Hinterseher, are ridiculous.
In Finland there is the highest depression rate cuz there is less sun and that makes more depressed
7:42    Im irish and i cant believe that
Estonia being the worst at being religious... Some would see that as a positive thing.
5:00 Estonia I really don't understand why not being religious and not considering religion important is a negative thing 😂   Great video tho!! Greetings from Greece!! A country that's bad in many things but also a nice one... 🇬🇷😂😅
Russia is an europe country🤦‍♂️
Real life lore: denmark is very hard to find friends Me: *and i thought trying to find a friend was hard*
this is like saying Europe s the worst lol
Albania not having mcdonalds is good because mcdonalds is very unhealthy
Kosovo i Metohija🇷🇸!
Austria is the better Germnay... If you ignore the past..
I've been to Greece before and the people there were very nice! I don't know if it was just the island I was on or if they just knew because I'm not from their country but I loved Greece and I recommend it to everyone.
Isle of Man: Am I a joke to you?
Not Estonia but China is the least religious country in the world
What happened  to Poland ,  Romania & Sweden  ? When did they left Europe ?
7:00
Slovenia: We cant even build a single railway, and since the fall of Yugoslavia, we've only been decommissioning railway lines. So we've only regressed.
05:00 Not a bad thing tho
Azerbaijan aint Europe bruh
Dude, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and definitely Kazakhstan are not European countries. The border between Asia and Europe is cotractual but most of the geologists claim in the southeast goes through the Turkey and others claim that is goes through the Turkish - Greek border so countries on the right from Turkey are not considered European
Bosnia has the worst air quality in Europe?!? Seriously, I can hardly believe that
Bro the fact that 84% of the population is atheiest  in estonia is a good thing not bad
well, Austria might not suck the most at anything in particular, we just suck at everything but don´t good enough
Estonia being the least religious = a negative. Hmmm
litterly everyone drinks beer in Czech Republick not surprised about whats in this vid about Czech Republick
Bro the Kosovo is not a country
Albania has not McDonald's. Lucky country.
please do explain why ''least religious country in the world.'' is a bad thing...
DUDE YOU ARE CRAZY KOSOVO IS NOT COUNTRY ITS JUST PART OF SERBIA!  LONG LIVE SERBIA!🇷🇸
I am a slovenian.
"Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe"  - is this really something bad?
KOSOVO is not a country !! Get your facts right !!
O man you are the epitome of bourgeois perception. 1 from when is bad not to have mc Donald’s?  2 Estonia religion ? Are you serious ?  3 Greece how the poorest country in the world it’s possible to give charity?  4 Cyprus you obviously got no idea about history. semi-learning is worse than ignorance When you do something do it right  P.s you Voice is lovely
Czechs are very proud of their continuing beer record. It actually a compliment for us.
Like half of the countries in this video aren't in EU.
Being the least religious country in the world is not the worst thing but quite the opposite - the best.
Austria is the alabama of europe
I consider the fact that Estonians aren't religious something that we have succeeded in, not failed at. Religion, is in fact, unimportant
5:35  bruh really i went there and its not here-
Being the “Least religious country in the world” is a very good thing.
Hahahaha Andorra got that level because smuggling 😂
Estonian religion thing is just absolutely subjective. Considering that the whole world has become less religious in past 1000 years or so and the rate has accelerated in the past 100 years by a lot, one could say that they are best at getting rid of religiousness. Full disclosure, Im atheist, but I think people having religions is just fine. People going to practice their religion as form of culture, I don't care and it's great if you feel like it's good for you. On the other hand, religion shouldn't be priority in decision making. I think morals and values should be more than "the holy book says so". If you choices align with your religion, that's fine, just don't let them define your choices and don't force religion on others. I know devout people might find this offensive, but I mean no insult.
R u stupid kosovo is Serbia
I never considered armenia and azeirbaijan as part of Europe... but ok
Least religious country in the world sounds pretty fine to me
denmark us the hardest country to make friends in: are we really that mean?
Estonia least religious in the world. is that a bad thing?
being homeless in germany. when u can just go to the job center. and get enough money for a comfortable small flat just by appliying to jobs, not even having to work. so yes, ur homeless by choice LUL
To my german friends:  6:08 ich dachte das jetzt die DB erwähnt wird.
Basically: Eastern Europe kinda the shithole of the continent
Jesus is king and our savior repent of sin so you can be saved remember Jesus Christ loves you and he’s coming soon
The extensive research that goes into detailing such content 🥵
Highest depression rates. Highest levels of happiness. Finland is bipolar?
Would like to see this done for North America except broken down by province or state.
Albania never receives a McDonald's. That's a good thing actually.
Armenia is the angriest country in the world, the most anti-Semitic in Europe and one of the most mono-ethnic countries in the world.
First am not a karen and Belguim is amsome
why is it a bad thing to be the least religios nation?
Bulgaria has a big problem with corruption and mafia
It's not serious or accurate to include Asian countries (such as Kazakhstan, Armenia or Azerbayjan) in a European ranking.
We in Czech republic don't have a problem with beer... we have a problem without it.
Since when Kazakhstan is in Europe
I'm from Austria but there are many bad things :)
Are you an idiot? Azerbaijan & armenia are part if asia, not of europe.
Czechia: The thing with beer is the best thing about us! We are all really proud of it :D
Dude Albania doesn't need doctors they don't have McDonald's so there are nearly as many horribly obese people requiring medical attention
We, Hungarians: picking the good *retsinim emirp*    I had to "censor" this, or I'd start a civil war in the replies.
Why Italy hasn't sardegna ?!?
"Belarus has a lot of problems" Hey now dont pick on- "They still practice slavery" Oh...
"Smoking" in Andorra is rather French and Spanish driving there to buy their cigarettes for cheaper than back home. So yes sales are high but I have my doubts about local consumption there.
Italy have and mafia
Sad Netherlands noices
Cyprus is not in Europe!
Austria is the worst at making peace with hungary
Germany: winning world wars
czech republic "best in covid" they said
Wait what? Azerbaijan is in Europe?
Least religuous is actually good
Swizzerland: what r u worst at? Kosovo: YES
Racists: I’m going to Estonia and never coming back 🇪🇪
Why are few religious people bad?
Àustria is the worst in being German. 🤣🤣🤣
Danke für 2 Weltkriege Österreich     /s
7:58 POV: you recognized Florence's Duomo 'cos you played AC2
kazakhstan is not in europe...
4:15 dude i have 4 mb per second, saludos desde Argentina
"According to a report by internations, Denmark is the country in Europe where it is the hardest to make friends in." That shocked me, considering it is one of the happiest countries in the whole world
how being the least religious country is a bad thing???
7:50 something wrong here..
He just looked at google images and just put the country’s that he saw
Austria is the worst country in terms of beein recognized as its own country during conversations....  If you talk in the Austrian tongue in public youre gonna be referred to as ''that german guy'' and if you describe to them that youre actually ''that austrian guy'' they'll ask you if crocodile dundee is still catching them kangaroos  in your backyard
Me and all other Belgians: “Thank god for corona, else he’d started talking about our government!”
Why is this guy referring to countries as “she”?
Being the least religious country in the world is a positive.
Austria is verry bad in saying the trooth and is twisting it all the time(i am Austrian to).  We say Hitler is German, Mozart is Austrian and that we weren't cheering when Hitler took over thr power in Austria.
I didn't know the middle east was europe
Can you tell me why it's negative not to have any McDonald's or be less religious?
USA is best at gun violence!
Kosovo is not a state. It is a province of the state of Serbia.
Armenia? Europe? What?
why do we refer to countries as she?
Austria is worst at not having anything worst
POV: you are looking for a time stamp comment
I cant believe they didnt include Poland
There must be something wrong with your statistics. It's not possible that only 17% of 25 yeard-olds in Italy have a college degree.
Pov: you are searching your country
And here I was wondering if he would count Turkey as being European. I had no idea he'd go so far as Kazakhstan. We really need to find the line where Europe ends and Asia begins, otherwise it will continue to be confusing.
Poland the worst Geographie
I feel like the real life lore guy is racist to Europeans
Americans and Geographie. Jesus.... three countries are not even european. 😂😂🙏
Austria?
i was watching this with my sister she said why is the us not in here
Why having a death penalty in a country is a problem?
4:35 why is this bad 7:55 why is this bad
Germany:Dude I lost 2 World War
Belgium: Is worst at coronavirus 6 months ago Czechia: "Hold my Pilsner Urquell"
Bosnia also has word government in world.
7:15 I had to look it up. Apparently that Iceland number is a misconception, the 18% number comes from the 6.6% of Icelanders that are pot users 18 percent is the number of frequent users.
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Make a video like this about the diffrent states of America
Albania is the only country that never had a McDonalds? What about the Vatican City? (And no, the one that the media called "the first McDonalds in the Vatican" is not in the Vatican, it's just in a building owned by them but actually in Italy)
Kosovo speaks Albanian so is Albania
What's the problem of death penalty?
Hiiii
estonia being the least religious country in the world is a great thing and to be proud about
Austria has the worst art school applicants (and they tend to have a bad temper when they get rejected)
Well, Good for Austria ! :)
The Balkan starts in Vienna!I am from Salzburg Austria.Corruption scandals in the Gov leading Party  ÖVP!NOVOMATIC!Lucona scandal AKH scandal Club 45 scandal......
1:42 austrian are the worst at beeing germans... there you go
like people in a comment section are so dumb. Before writing comments and asking how come Kazakhstan, Georgia, Axerbaijan, Russia, Armenia and Turkey can be in Europe do some geography lessons. Like literally the 'european part of Kazakhstan' is bigger than any balkan countries, the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark and etc. This kind of people would be asking about Egypt being part of Asia and Africa as well. I want to slap them with Geography book. Sorry I am too Geek in this
Bro since when is Armenia in Europe? 😂
Yeah Finland has a really high suicide rate Coming from a Finn
what do u mean Kosovo is serbia
I in NA AKA
can we talk about the fact that in greece he didnt concluded all of our islands?All these are our island and are gonna stay ours (erdogan punching the air rn)
I think Austria is bad at sharing influence (in history)
kosovo is not independent please stop
I'm a little confused with Italy being the least culturally diverse country since every single regions of the 21 have different traditions, dishes, holidays and customs
A few countries cited are in Asia.
Why is it bad to be the least religious country in the world???
Fun fact: this was a video about roasting every european country...
Why is bad that estonia is the least religious country? This is good and a step forward to rational thought.
Yo can you focus on America they have got, I don't now 3000000000000000 things they are worst at.
Sardinia is Italy too
Austria is the worst of beeing the worst
Not sure high beer consumption is a problem, they like to have fun.
Ukraine will be famous!
Austria is the worst at not being anchlussed
Since when are Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia part of Europe though?
I Have a thing for austria  worst at naming cities  Beacuse read This FUCKING is name of city
the sources of that informations please?
When you think Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Europe 👁👄👁
i didnt see my country, guess its not bad at anything 😎
Austria is bad at not being in austria
Austria is the worst at having nothing there bad at
Hey sardinia is part of Italy
Dude ok your info on Germany is wrong. 650.000 people do not a OWN flat, so they’re not renting one themselves. Only 48.000 of them are actually homeless and live on the streets, the other 600.000 do have a flat given to them by the government
Kosovo is Serbia.
Azerbaijan = Europe?
Nothing of this is True!!
5:13
5:13 me:uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Roasting every European country in 10 minutes
0:20 how is that disappointing to them they should be proud
finland being the happiest country in the world gotta be some joke from UN. they probably pulled name from a hat.
Arent like 5 of these not in europe but in asia?
Greece is the least generous/charitable nation in Europe. Meanwhile 10 seconds ago: Greece has the biggest debt crisis in europe and second largest in the world. Yeah i think that our country should be the priority for us since a big percentage has barely or even not at all food to eat. Otherwise believe me we give and help each other once we have the chance and in other ways that don't necessarily include money... Of course no hate to the person who made this video it's just a shame for us to have this "title" while we are naturally really giving people but we just don't have the necessary means.
I'm sorry but you forgot to highlight some greek islands...6:27
This moment when your a german but never sah a homeless person
i never understood how azerbaijan is a european countries being couple hundred km further east than bagdad
no Greece is no more in the crisis and we are doing well with corona
Can you explain to us why when you show the map of Greece you forget most of the islands?
Albania not having any McDonalds is actually a really good thing.
Ok but why was Sardinia not highlighted with Italy
Austria is the worst at not getting annexed
As an Austrian I say that my country is the worst in handeling covid
A prediction before watching: Belgium is the worst at forming a government
in cyprus we have 5g, how our wifi is slow?
Kazakhastan is at europe but turkey is not? What da
Slovakia is worst at creating language
Estonia not being religious is a good thing wth. Religion sucks. And for Germany, nobody really has to be homeless here. There is Harz IV and the government pays for a flat. You just need to be persistent when trying to get it.
First country and last country are brothers 🇦🇱🇽🇰
God is not real
So i wouldnt Live in spain were im at
Hitler was Austrian, so that might be considered something they're worst at
5:03 that is not even a bad thing. You are basically telling people to switch to religion.
0.34 r u kidding? Kazakhstan.... ????
Azerbaïdjan,  Géorgia, Kazakhstan in Europe ? Where did you learn geography ?
Puerto Rico: voceteo...
Czechia and the highest consumption of beer per capita ? Nonsen , i slap a table so hard that my beer droped on the ground , and yes , im from Czechia , have a nice day
Kosovo is part of Serbia not free country 1244 by UN resolution !!
I did drink vodka when I was 3, but is it really a bad thing? Greeting for the Czech republic
Estonia being the least religious is a good thing idiot ffs
The thing with danmmark is not true
that’s not Europe
Bulgaria is the most corrupted country in EU
The netherlands and switserland arent in this video because they arent the terriblest at something
8:55? Abkhazia & South Ossetia are recognized only by Russia, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Syria, Nauru, and Vanuatu only recognizes Abkhazia. And on top of that Northern Cyprus is recognized by Turkey, so that means that Northern Cyprus is the country with the least recognition in Europe.            ... Sorry for being annoying
Austria is the worst in maintaining stability in the European region.
why is he including some asian countries in europe tho?
Fun fact:Cyprus is on Europe Union but Turkey not
I would like to say that countries like georgia , Kazakhstan , Armenia,  technically dont be long to Europe.  Europe continent ends on Ukraine. Russia should not being treated as a part of Europe.  I know some part of her is in Europe but should not being treated as a part of europe
How is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Andorra is just into the smoking business. Everyone in Spain and France travels to Andorra to buy cigarettes for cheaper than the respective countries.
Spain has the largest number of artists in prision (for their art) not just of Europe, but the world.
Didn't see Latveria here
Belarus doesn’t have slaves..? I was born and raised there and never ever in my life heard about slaves there. Your can call Belarusian people slaves or prisoners of Lukashenko, but it’s kinda not the same thing lmao
So Estonia is best at being atheists, not really a bad thing right?
Sources please
We're the worst to not like pizza
Finland:Depressed :( Also Finland:Happy :D
2:32 if hated them for death penalty why u wont look at america racist judges
POV: you are in America and just want to see how shit Europe is.    This es joke man
Lol soo proud of my country Czech Republic that we are the Best at drinking Beer...
I love estonia for the fact that they are the least religious Country In the world, because Atheism is just better at every point
Azerbaijan, Georgia and Armenia are in ASIA!!!
The Video is about Europe. I get why he would include Azerbaijan etc if those also have landmasses in Europe. But why tf did he entirely ignore country's in the middle of Europe? Norway? Sweden? Netherlands? Switzerland? Poland? Romania? Latvia? And so on
Belgium has the highest reported mortality rate for Covid-19 is kinda bs The fact that what Belgium reports is much higher than the actual deaths and combine that with what other countries are reporting is much lower than their actual mortalities and you get this...
Andorran high tobacco consumption is due to the fact the taxes are so low that French and Spanish tourist always buy massive amounts.
Actually our air quality is quite good and our landscape is mesmerising so what u said is false
real life lore, im sorry to inform but belgium is just counting deaths with people that HAD corona not people who died from it, they are adding it to the death count but they can't be for sure
Czech republic!
how do you even end up homeless in germany?
Well i see no religion as a good thing
Some dude says Austria started both World Wars But Its Not True Only the First one was Austria an Serbian Assassin Killed The Prince and then the Austrians where mad and declared war against Serbia after they refused the Austrian demands and the second was germany I know hitler was an Austrian but you know he liked to be an German so it's and german who started an war OFFICIALY .
WOW no minus to czechia we did it boys  btw isn czech least relegious country i heard something about 75 % of people are atheist as me :)
Yeah but Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are not in Europe, but in Asia.
Not all those things are bad. And highest consumption of beer may speak only about what people prefer, not about total alcohol consumption.
I live in Slovenia and it has the worst politicians. End of discusion
Some of these countries are in Asia tf is going on lmao.
Why is the atheism in Estonia a problem?
Austria is the worst of being worst at things
4:22 actually bosnia  has 51% of their land occupied by r. Srpska
I bet Austria and Slovenia used skillshare to not be the worst
I am austrian and I have to say we suck at... I have no clue
Why some Greek islands is black?
Are u going to make another one?
Georgia,Armenia,Kazachstan and Azerbaijan:-_- Europe and Asia:COME TO MAMA COME TO MAMA
Iceland gets the least amount of sunshine Well not gonna spend 5£ on sunglasses
Kosovo is. A COUNTRY
Austria be like:IM THE BEST MWAHAHHAHA
Ye ok this guy hates Europe He always talks "bad" about Europe
Poland are the worst country at defending their country from Germany.
Me: Finland, why are you rated the happiest with highest depression rate? Finland: *yes*
Andorran smoking problem is because they have the cheaper cigarette in europe and  all south of France buy cigs here so it's false the counting.
Moving to Estonia. Wish me luck!
Georgia and Armenia are not in Europe
Am from Denmark and i really dont Think that so....
Kazakhstan is in europe but turkey is not in europe.
Estonia’s unreligiousness is good, because it removes religious conflict.
He forgot Moldova and Russia tho .how is Kazakhstan in Europe and he dont mention russia ?
Are you sure where the European border is ? .... no offence .
austria is the worst at being n ally with germany
tf where is serbia?
smoking bad - cannabis good? only cause' its illegal and kinda cool huh? also dont get why no religion is bad. religion is a tool to control the ppl
Kosovo is Serbia.
For Italy it should be “worst at being bad chefs”
4:04 You don't have to be fair, our railway network is crap.
Belgium: is that all?
Azarbajan and armenia?
Thanks because you hided our country's real problems and only mentioned the highest tax. I appreciate that. 😆
LUXEMBOURG !!!!!!!!!
2:55 Polish and russian peapole: imposible
Why did you put Kosovo as an country when it's not. If you would look at any google map you wouldn't see it's borders in full lines. You even managed to fail that. Just remove it from the video and if you are not willing why not then include Lombardia and some other because in your logich they are country too.
Duh Greece can’t donate cuz they got most debt
when you live in austria or slowenia                 -_-
when you live in austria or slowenia                 -_-
Another one for Belgium: A speed breaker in every World War.
Me a Dane who has a hard time making new freind: Yes, that is correct
Austria literally began two world wars.
Sad netherlands noices ween they here their not part of Europe
Greece's map is wrong! It doesn't include the Aegean islands!!!!
Why is militarization bad?'
Czechia: highest beer consumption per capita. Also Czechia: pErfeCtlY nOrmaL. KeEp goiNg.
Kosovo Serbia!
Hä, being the Nation with the highest beer consume isn´t a bad thing. Austria is 2nd by the way.
Specifically in Greece there is a limited welfare state, and the church unfortunately intervenes too much in these matters as in its way it does not address the problem of homelessness and poverty. The family to a large extent is the one who undertakes the social protection of individuals although in 2008 it changes. Thats why I think that "least generous and charitable" isn't valid 100%
how is least religious bad-
Azerbaijan....? Europe.......? Try again
How is being "the least culturally diverse" country bad, exactly?
I don't see anything wrong with drinkng beer.
Austria is worst at getting on this list
Being worsted by being the most secularized is bad!? Ignoring the direct correlation between secularization and living standard, personal freedom etc.
How is having a death penalty being the worst at something?
Belgium counted all deads as covid 19 deads except suicides. That's why our number is so high.
Armenia is not europe....nor azerbaijan
Didn’t hear lithuania D:
Dind
What a minute isn’t Malaria Trump from Slovenia?  That should rocket them to the top of worst country in Europe
Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan  are not in Europe but in Asia !!!!!!!
Him: Ukraine is kinda part of Europe. Me: WELL AZERBAIJAN  TECHNICIALY NOT IN EUROPE
Almost half of the video are asian countries.
and what about Slovakia?
Calling the two Georgian regions currently under Russian occupation a "breakaway state" is a bit of a misrepresentation...
Being the least religious country is a good thing, not a bad thing
Ok first my brother as a european i have to educate you in smth.   Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia and Kazakhstan are eeeeeeverything but not Europe  Like you have gone to the f“““ end of the kaspian sea right in the middle of nowhere to pull them off but Turkey is not on the list 😂🤦🏻‍♂️ thats just silly  Secondly as smb living in Austria i think Austria easily outplayes the whooole world when it comes to politic disasters, wrong choices as well as disappointments caused by anyone that has at least something to do with the government   Further they are responsible for both world wars  Third worth mentioning probably europes most unfriendly inhabitants   Vienna is especially famous for ir its even called „wiener grant“ which straight up just means viennese unfriendliness or viennese way of beeing mad   If you ask a viennese something its most likely that you will get a piss off as an answer
Me, an introvert watching this video: I'm moving to Denmark
Belgium counted every senior citizens death as caused by CoVid  by default.
"Greece is the least generous or charitable nation" of course! They do not have any money!
I can give an explanation why Greece has those problems  1: Smoking Greece was rated the most stressed country in the world so that’s why we smoke a lot  2: Not giving money to charity Obviously we have tons of debt so we don’t have a lot of money to give
6:15 thats because germany has also got more than 83.000.000 Of Population
You forgot Spain 🇪🇸
I respect that you said not being religious is a problem because it genuinely is🙏. I respect all individuals but I think that religion is amazing, and I just wish that some people would give finding that inner peace a chance. Overall, may God bless you❤️🙏.
lack of macdonalds in albania is a good thing. macdonald is a shit ( i trieded in a few european countrys and is shit evrywhere)
Italy: where is sardinia?
Is Austria has the most bully in school?
So, in Finland, you are either depressed or very happy?
what about portugal
...isn't Azerbaijan already West-Asia? And I'm also not sure about Armenia being european either, we also never included Kasachstan. Continental borders are weird here, I learned this quite differently.
Is really a bad fact that Estonia's the less religious country?
The reason why belgium has the highest covid mortality rate is because we count it way to graciously. The mortality rate isn't actually higher, it's just a matter of reporting differently. You probably could have put something about our shitty politics having the longest period of time without a government or having the highest total tax rates.
if Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe, when it's a very diverse country with some dialects that are considered different languages entirely, then that really speaks volumes of how diverse Europe really is. Tho tbh I find that Italy is more diverse than some other European countries I've been to at least at first impression
Well, you actually said what's Czechia best at.
I came here for Slovenia. (I don't think I have anything else to add lol)
Least amount of slaves outside of Africa and Asia.  That seems a bit ironic.
5:00 WTF being the least religius country is good not bad...
Je to ťažke keď je pivo dobré 😃
How is having the death penalty a negative? I'm happy to know that rapists and murders are being killed
Germany is also the worst at winning world wars
Austria: the worst place for a dictator to be born.
True
K  Kosovo  "The worst part about this country is that it is not even the actual country"
Will be disappointed if French people are not the most likely to hate and try to take down successful people, no matter whether they deserve their success or not.
In Greece we have a shit ton of dept to pay how can we be generous and charitable and also we are one of the most stressful countries
6:33 Im travelled to Greece and i think its true.
How exactly is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? lol
But isn't being the least religious country an upside?
having no mcdonaldssseses isn't a bad thing for a country
Lol Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia aren't apart of europe
Austria is the worst in Soccer
Wait where is Poland?
corect the map the aegean islands are greek.
How is worst on not having McDonalds? I see it as a win here
BEER🍻
Hungary has the highest sales tax in Europe. Also we have one of the worst money what was made in 1946 to not die cus the Pengő what was back then a money was way worse. Yes. We need money and yes we do it in this way. Thats the reason why we dont say earning money and saying searching money.
Austria is worst at keeping peace
I think the internet speed in Germany is slower than in Cyprus. It is one of the worst countries according the internet speed
Btw if Belgium had the highest mortality rate related to covid it's because we had a different way of counting them. We included the persons who died at home or in retirement homes, while most of the other countries didn't.
I mean not having so many cars isn't terrible
Lets go FINLAND AND ESTONIA
Thank god he didn’t mention Belgium’s taxes.
О, как я обожаю это. Сколько в этом гонора и снобизма, -  "Албания единственная страна в Европе в которой никогда не было МакДональдса...". Конечно, ведь святейшие рестораны быстрого питания должны стоять везде как подтверждение величия... ммм... нездорового образа жизни? А ещё Албанию никогда не посещал японский Император. Тоже интересный факт, но нет, МакДональдс вот величина! Отвратительно.
How's less religion a bad thing?? Way to go, Estonia!
Dude, wait a minute... Azerbeijan? Kazakhstan is in EUROPE? WTF...  I just stoped taking your vids seriously. Bye
Your Geography Professor should be disappointed for You including Azerbaijdan, Armenia, Georgia and Kazakhstan as "Europe Countries"...
1:04 indonesia has words worst smoking problem.. its so hard to believe that ypu made so far in youtube when you make so many mistakes..
why did he refer to Iceland as a "she"
My country: The guy: a lot of tax Me: ohh how little he knows
Funny you should mention a nation for having the WORST atheist problem XD
austria is the worst at winning wars. Austria struggled in napoleonic wars, lost the 7 years war and world war 1 with them also technically losing WW2 and barely making it out as one piece and not two like germany did
Kosovo Is Serbia ❤️ why put it as a country?
There are much countries missing like: Vatican Poland spavakia and others
New vid idea  What if the eu became one country?
POV: You just came here to hear him say Germany is bad at winning World Wars.
Austria is the worst at staying in united with Germany.
This video exists because none of the given countries has installed skillshare
I only came for Austria because I am from there and then you say that😔   Oh hang on...We have crap radio stations.
1:37 👁👄👁👌🏻 (I'm from Austria)
5:31 Corsica: Am I not France to you?
I know y'all just waiting for you'r country
Austria has the worst name choices, you know Fu*king, Austria? Bad name.
Im finnish and i dont know what I feel like
Austria is the worst at not starting wars
Since when are Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazahstan European countires???????
As a Greek i can say that wherever you go in center you smell smoke
Armenia most militarised eurooean society.   Sweden is not surprised... Armenia has the name Armenien in swedish and it sounds almost the same as “Armén igen” which litterally means “army again”
Belarus is not the only european country with death penalty, russia also have it even though they haven’t use it for long
Why is the highest consumption of beer per capita worst? 😂😟🇨🇿
EU is 100 y.before usa
As a Slovenian I can safely say we are the worst in running the damn country .
Austrians are the worst at checking basements.
We bulgarians be losing population faster than Belgium during Corona...
Slovenia has alot of good things, but the poblems are in the young community. And our replublic president was a prisoner. We have high rates of suicide, we have kids that are doing illigal shit at - 18 years, and half of the country does not want to use masks for covid protection. Here, i sed it. (Hello from Slovenia btw)
7:03 28% actually
"Spoiler" I am Hungarian, our was'n that really bad I think... It was one of the better ones...
Great video! This channel is truly amazing and is so interesting! keep it up!
wheres Slovene :(
Denmark is the hardest country to make friends with   Me (a denmarkian) : No!.....u just dont get it..
The religion thing in estonia is not something bad, im 100% atheist. I mean, do you really think that someone made the earth and the universe and there is no proof?
Bulgaria be like: aw shut up we are not so bad!!! IM BULGARIAN!!!! MY COUNTRY IS VERY BUTEFUL AND AMAZING!!! Only the brats leave that amazing country we have buteful nature but many people wanted to live on city's and check out Bulgarian history we have strong people!!!!😡
Iceland has highest consumption of canabis  Me a dutchman: finally a worthy opponent our battle will be legendary
You missed a spot while higlighting azerbaijans map (southwest - Naxcivan region)
Kosovo is Serbia 🇷🇸
Estonia least religious, its not a worst thing, its best thing :D
Wir sind schlechte Verlierer. oH nEiN, nEiN, nEiN! sEiN vAtErLaNd MuSs GrÖsSeR sEiN!
I think you have to check a map of Europe my friend.
NOBODY CAN DRAW A STRAIGHT LINE BETTER THAN A BRIT 🇬🇧
As an agnostic male, im moving to Estonia
You mean what every country is the best at. :-D
Fun fact: most of estonias religious people are russians
Austria is worst at getting offended by Australia Austria jokes
I'm proud to be Czech... Best beer in the world. Kdo neskáče, není Čech.
Also Ireland has has horrible doctors.
I am from northern Catalunya and it's a very typical thing to drive to Andorra and buy lots and lots of cigarrettes, as itis much cheaper there. Same thing happens in southern France. If that statistic is calculated only by dividing the selling numbers by the population, it's biased.
Azebaijan is not Europe?
about bosnia (where i live) we also have the most complicated govrement and 2nd least doctors per capita
The Finnish people are just lying at being happy, I can feel it.
Kosovo is still not legally a country.
9:10 and serbia
Estonia: least religious country in the world,I would say that this is an advantage
Kosovo is not a country
Azerbaijan lowest rate of vehicle ownership is not necessarily a bad thing. In fact the rest of Europe should (and most probably will) be trying to lower their vehicle ownership rates and support car sharing and public transport. In the ideal world you need not to own a car and you are actually discouraged from owning one. And yes, I am a car owner and daily user.
Isn't Borat Uzbekistan?
America: worst at winning counterinsurgency wars...
damn finnaly someone who REMEMBER SLOVENIA is also in Europe, i'm from there tho
It’s a bad thing to be the least religious nation it the world?!?!?! Bruh...I’m going to live in Estonia now!
7:47 you didnt put sardinia as Italy
I don’t consider beer consumption to be a negative thing sir! 😄
4:44 so that’s why I don’t have any friends
How is death penalty bad? Death penalty = less murders
Austria are the worst at Talking high German
what happend to England?
Fun fact: 90% of people watching this video are European
What and now Britain isn’t in Europe?
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being worst at something
I just noticed that Sardinia wasn't labeled as part of Italy for some reason...
Kazakhstan not Europe
Me waiting for my country to pop up while laughing at the the things the other countries were worst at Him begins talking about my country Me: Oh Crap
If Albania never received a MacDonalds, that's an achievement, not a loss
Austria is the worst in building a fibre optic cable network in Europe
The highest alcohol consumption on the world is Moldova as far as I know
Austria is probably the least polite country in the world
Yes Austria rulez
oh cmon,im slovenian xD
Greece: * Has tons of debt* Also Greece: * Dosen't donate much* The world : *Surprised Picachu face*
Kosovo and Metohija is a Serbian autonomous province
no mc donalds great
Denmark is everywhere
I always thought Kazakhstan, Armenia and Azerbaijan were in Asia....
This video is how you start wars
Yay, my mother country of 🇸🇮 isn't bad at anything yay
The Whole part of Albania seems about right
Albania has never had a McDonald's? Is that supposed to be a bad thing?
How is Estonia having the least religious ppl a bad thing?
7:46 hey italians, don't never use the word smart with me
Gonna turn iceland into greenland baybyyyyy
U know why we are happiest country. its because all derpessed people commit suicide
EU BEST
I live in Ireland and I know A LOT of people who had cancer so that one makes sense
A lot parts of Croatia has no broadband internet and some parts only have 1 to 4 Mbps ....
Sad netherlands noises
fuck yea austria! greetings go out to slovenia! we got this!
I WILL argue that Iceland's negatives are positives
3:38 may be this is cuz they made ethnic cleansing against Turks
anyone from Andorra here? i really doubt those 17 cigarretes
Kosovo is serbia 🇷🇸
Right, now you just have to do the opposite.
"Greece is the least generous nation" Makes sense when you go to a country and all you hear is MALAKA
Im in belgium
actually i live in bosnia but things are cheaper a mc account for 2.5 dollars
4:38 only?
XD Nc propaganda video about mythical gender gap and many others XD
Austria and Slovania: jokes on you
4:35 Lol we're proud about that :D That's like one of the things we always say to foreigners... We also say that we have invented the word robot and pistol, and that we have also invented contact lenses :D
Kosovo is Serbia
My country least of region sounds about right lol
Austria is just perfect
what the hell? Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan located in Western Asia, not Europe
Finland's suiciderates have gone drasticly down many many years ago. You have old news  Watch The video"Suicid rates in the world/country suicide rates comparison." 62 Highest suicide rate countries and Finland is not even mentioned. Forinstance Number 1 is Lithuania. The2 nd Russia. The 3 rd South Korea. Back in 90s Finland was on one of The top countries. Not anymore after 30 years  Also alcoholconsumption has gone drasticly down.  Now 31 st place. In Europe The average.  In Europe Moldova is The 1st place. Russia and Belarus, Lithuania follow.  Forinstance UK, Belgium, Ireland, Germany , France, Hungary etc. Are far ahead of Finland.  Watch The video"Country alcoholconsumption comparison."
You placed that turd on the Czech Republic, thank you very much... nooot.
Ethnicity is not nationality. When Austrians claim  that they're not German and they don't feel German than that is their Nationality. But when you look at their genes you can see that Austrian genes have no difference to German genes. In history, Austrians felt like they are Germans since the word GERMAN existed. But after the War the were given two choices: Be split, like West and East Germany, or they make their people feel more like Austrians instead of Germans. This was a problem earlier, because in 1938 or 1939 the majority of Austria wanted to join Germany and they also felt German. Eventually they were annexed and there were as many Nazis in Austria, as in every other part in Germany. The responsibility for the War and the holocaust does not lie by the Austrian Government (like in Germany), but the Austrian people are as responsible as every person in Germany itself. Please don't feel offended .
Yep czechia Beer consumtion is right, and if i want prove it to myself, i Just look in my fridge
Why is Aserbaidschan in this Video? Its not in europe 😂
Why would not having a McDonald´s be perceived as a bad thing?! Or not having religions? Those are definitely positive things!
Me being Slovenian: " Finally some recognition!"  25 seconds in: *nope*
Atheist brothers 😀🇨🇿🇪🇪
Austria is the biggest starter of world wars
obvi there is nothing bad about slovenes
Finland is the worlds happiest country because all the sad/depressed people keep killing themselves.
Since when ar Asian country's like azerbaijan suddenly europe?
Addition to germany: Worst internet and at the same time realy expensive.
4:33 How is that bad?
Why is he calling countries "she"
Estonia: Least religious country...   But that's a good thing :o
I hate how this channel refers to countries as "she" it annoys me on many levels
What about Poland :(
You can be the best at being the worst at everything!
7:55!  I get that we have the least eastern cultures, But the Italian culture itself is absolutely one of the most diverse.
You just skipped the Netherlands, not sure if glad or dissapointed
Is estonia sexism or like everywhere else in western culture is it due to factors such as hours worked, jobs, time off etc ?
Lithuania is in europ but tou didnt put in on the list so your lying when you daid EVERY europien country
Im from Slovenija we are bad at so many things u cant dicide.
Armenia isnt a Europeasn country...
Where my hetalians at
Drinking beer is a bad thing?  You and I are on different planes of existence. I didn't realize how much the world is getting out of touch with standard smoking levels.  By that I mean how much the average smoker smokes.  That 17 per day figure is probably slightly below average.  All the other stats about smoking were kind of jarring to me too.  Back when dinosaurs rules the earth and Janis Joplin was alive, I would say roughly 25% of "underage" people smoked.  Now 2% is alarming.  In a way I'm kinda glad I'm not too much longer for this now anal retentive world
Austrians are bad at being the worst at something
Belgium is actually the worst at forming a government
why no poland ? :(
4:33 and why is that a bad thing beer keeps me hydrated no?
Well, Austria is definitely the best in starting Worldwars and blaming it on Germany.
Pär Vers It's kind of fun watching American fellas trashing Belarus for being a death-penalty retentionist... Shall I remind you that Texas alone scores one third of all the executions held in China?
Austria is the worst at skiing. Lovely greetings from Switzerland.
Nice trick Finland. If all the sad people commit suicide, you'll end up only with the happy people and hence become the happiest country in the world. Well played...
I wanted to say "Austrians are the worst at speaking German, but I guess this price goes to Switzerland"...
because its best tasting bear in the world tho... :D most of the world now just pilsner... and pilsner is one of the worst beers here :D
You forgot serbia
Gender gap doesnt exist. They just work in diferent jobs. (If you want better wages, go to the mines, the factories, and all the jobs that make men get the 96% of work deads.
Great you ruined my birthday I live in Italy
Estonia: Biggest gender pay gap Least religious country *feminist.exe stoped working*
I love in croatia
Since when does Armenia belong to Europe?😂
I have something on Czechia there are lots of idiots and mcdrive dont work
Greece has the worst debt Also greece not being in the top 10 porest
Nice one Iceland 👍
why is drinking beer a bad thing?
Not being religious is a good things not a bad thing.
About Belgium, they also counted Every death that *might* have been related to Corona but that doesn’t mean that all deaths are caused by covid-19 so that’s why the Numbers where so high
When was no cultural diversity a bad thing?
Turkey has land in Europe, And you mentioned Cyprus, Turkey also has land in Cyprus. This videos countrys aren't accurate, Rest is good.
Косово је Србија.
Why being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?
Ah yes so Lithuania dosent exist now but Estonia does
Austrias are the worste at speaking german
Germany: winning world wars
well now i know why i dont have many friends  4:42
But countries east of Turkey are not Europe, neither is Turkey though.
Corona actually like helps us in Bosnia, since we have to wear a mask and it makes it much easier to breathe in all the smoke going around
Austrians are worst at unifiying the German states
Ingerland is the worst country in the world because they are bri'ish
“ Least religious country in the world “   Is not something bad to mention, you ignorant.
BELGIUM 3:02
Belgium rouds
Oh oh oh, I am Greek and I don't approve this message. Opa!
am from Slovenia and i actually dont care about it :P
Estonia being mostly Atheist is probably their biggest strength.
Austria is worst at beeing worst
Kosovo isn't a country idiots. Go search on internet (specifically NATO attack '99,  destroyed churches and Serbs that left they homes and lot more).
Fun fact: In Germany you get money for retourning plastic bottles (0,15-0,25€ per bottle). Some people leave their bottles next to the trash can or the retourning machine so that homeless people can pick them up. That’s a very easy way to make a little bit of money.
so no one gonna talk bout the fact that he said corona
wait, he said corona ??
Austria is the worst at handling many different ethnic groups in Eastern Europe.
UK worst at getting kicked out off every country they've been to also having no friends as Biden took over the US.
I love how Sardinia wasn't highlighted with the rest of Italy
Belgium has a high covid-19 deathrate because of the way the deaths are counted. Even in cass of doubt the counter goes up.
I'm Austrian xD
that is good that Estonia is least religious that is very good
The U.K. Is worst at brexit
Finland is the happiest country because every sad person just kills themself
The correct title of the video would be: “ *What Every Country In Europe And Western Asia Is Worst At* ”
*in a surprised tone* 20% OF EU MEMBER STATES DONT RECOGNIZE IT! buddy that’s 80 percent that do and so does America; you can’t belittle complex political dilemmas like this, especially when the countries that don’t recognize it do so because of their own political disputes not because they don’t perceive Kosovo’s independence. It’s disrespectful to the Kosovar people
*in a surprised tone* 20% OF EU MEMBER STATES DONT RECOGNIZE IT! buddy that’s 80 percent that do and so does your American state; you can’t belittle complex political dilemmas like this, especially when the countries that don’t recognize it do so because of their own political disputes not because they don’t perceive Kosovo’s independence
Your just jl of eu lol
Alr look here 2021 Bosnia has less and less minnes yk the war was with Serbia and Russia Croatia America helpted i cant spell im from another country alr know shut up u dont know how much there is mines in Bosnia
1:41 Woah.. That’s a big sidewalk.
Yay Bulgaria! Oh God we wont exist in 100 years...
Kosovo its not a country...
I think you forgot about Belgium’s government. Oh right, It never has one.
I dont see how not having a mcdonalds and not being religious is bad and having a lot of cannabis is good...
Austria is the best
6:52 Lol how come some of the Greek islands aren't highlighted?
Cyprus is definition of hell
Dude, you should really do your Homework _Before_ making such assumptions you show here in your video. 1. Countries you count as being European but are Asian by any geographic Meaning. 2. Some things _you_ count as Worst can only be described as very US-centred stereotype.
do this about america please!
you never mentioned the faroe islands
Nobody in Germany have to be homeless.  Everybody can get worklessmoney for help.
Hi from the Czech republic  :D i was waiting for my country curious about some catastrophic message...and there is our nation pride! :D I was like "what?" Drinking alcohol isnt really good thing....but I think it is better than wars and natural catastrophes....... i am so happy where I live  :) and I even dont drink beer so much.. :D I like Moravian wine.  Kde domov můj, kde domov můj....
Netherlands, making touch desisions. Mask, Lockdown, sper houre . France, had no problem with that, The Netherlands,  were 8 month behind France.  Still are, the close at 21:00  hour we 18:00 hour.  In times off Terrorisme,  France ( and Belgium) put the army on the street. Still do. I didn't see any army in the Netherlands at schools.  They shout, there is something going on.  Serieus !
Least religious is surely a good thing.
Did you call Bulgaria she
No other parts
What's so bad about Estonia not being religious.
Greece has the worst drivers
Worst price for eggs, a dozen eggs will cost you $6.50
I live in germany and the homeless rate can be seen when i walk to school i see like 10 homeless people and my mother also has a job where she helps homeless people
Austria are the worst in speaking german
Am i blind or there is no Serbia?
For a country with so many problems, having the least train passengers is probably not the only thing we Croatians are the worst at
You forgot Gibraltar 🇬🇮 siriosly
You forgot Gibraltar 🇬🇮
You forgot Gibraltar
I'm confused why is it "she" when reffered to island ??
So...Greenland is the worst at being noticed in this video? 😅
Wait... IS GEORGIA REALLY A PART OF EUROPE?!  YEEPEE!!! ^_^
Half of the cigarettes a year of Andorra may be from the spanish people who goes there tu buy them cheeper. xD
Azerbaijan: Least freedom of the Press  Greek government: Hold my ouzo
How come you have included Kazakhstan in this rating but haven't included Russia. Facepalm
Why isn't Russia included in Europe countries on the thumbnail map?
UK: Not speaking english right
Austria is worst at being worst at something LOL 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Huh.. i guess Austria just has never done anything wrong🤔  Edit: _What war?_
Kosovo is serbia.
About Belgium, our governement is just stupid. I mean if you die in a carcrash and by accident you have covid, you will be seen as a death of a virus. Even if you didnt feel any trouble because of covid. So yeah our number of deaths is totally stupid
Not being religious isn't a bad thing. I would rather suggest the contrary.
Lol .. since when is armenia part of europe??
*Laughs in Finnish happisadness*
ESTONIA: Least religious country in the world. >>> Well, that's a BIG PLUS, not a "not good at" !!!
I call bullsh*t! Lithuania are the most drinking country and has the most depressed people!
Germany also has the lowest house owner rate at barely 50% owning the flat/house they live in.
BELARUS - Death Penalty - hm debatable this is something that is 'worst'.
I'm asking myself what Belgium is the worst at that has nothing to do with covid
Austria is the definitly most racist country in europe, really 😂😂
Ehm, in this case Estonia does have only have a bad payment between men and woman 😂
Estonia is the least religous Country, but that isnt something bad in my eyes
What is modern slavery?
“Belgium has the highest number of deaths per million inhabitants due to COVID-19.” San Marino: 👁👄👁
What about Latvia ?
Godbless Iceland, even without sun 👌🏼
In Germany nobody have to be homeless our care system pays for flats and everything🤷‍♂️
I’m sick and tired of all these Europe videos.
Kazachtan-europe?! Lol
4:12 you sure it ain't Germany?
TRANSNISTRIA is the least recognized not kosovo
Is "Czechia" name really a thing?
since when is Kazahstan in Europe?
We gotta get Albania some McDonald's so they can do more science.
Austria is the worst of not getting anschluss
I know for a fact that Iceland doesn’t have any railroads. Like, AT ALL. So yeah. I’m gonna claim they have less railroad passengers than Croatia.
Cleaver how you stated “Kosovo isn’t recognized by 19% of EU member nations” rather than, “it is recognized by 81% of EU member nations”.
Not sure where you found slaves in Belarus, maybe you meant in prisons.
I am from 🇸🇮💪
How tf Kosovo is European country but Serbia is not? Kosovo is not even independent country.
I love how an American is saying this
Wow i was every Where And saw no homeess prople
I would have put a country that has no MacDo in a "Best at" video.
Austria is the worst country at lasting uninvaded by nazi germany? I think it was the first country they invaded but im not sure
hungary is worst in democracy
5:00 Being the Least religious country in the world ist a good thing.
How is being the least religious "worst at"? That's a good thing.
I'm so confused about those countries like denmark and finland... always being told how high the quality of life and happiness is. And yet it's hard to make friends in denmark and finland has high depression numbers? what's going oonnnn
2:44 if you're not drinking because you're happy, don't drink lol... that guy's on a trip to depression town
Andorra does not smoke all that. The thing is that tobacco and alcohol in Andorra have very low taxes and people from Spain and France buy a lot of that when the cross the border
Me: -_- bruh
me watching the whole video waiting for sweden              realizing sweden is in part two and i just wasted 10 minutes of my life...
As a Belgian I’m kinda baffled that you didn’t talk about us being the worst at forming a government :’)
Austria: People don't know the gas pedal in cars exists
How is beeing the least religious country a Bad thing?
Austria: Very good in exporting bad leadership
Am from Cyprus..yah it sucks XD
As a dane myself, I can say that it’s not hard to make friends if you have a good humour.
How is not being religious a bad thing 🤔
How is a non religious country something they are bad at?
least charitable country..... i'm greek and can barely afford one meal daily for myself homecooked, let alone donate one
EU war geniouses be like: hewwo hewwo so i decided to ban the bad wooden sharp stics cause they bad and nukes are cool so let's keep them do ya guys agree everyone: yeah, si, yes, da yass, oui, // // Verdict: APPROVED
Austria had h*tler
Im ready to hear people say stuff  about hungary
did anyone point out that he referred to countrys as "she" I LITTERELY CANTTT
Do anyone knows wheres spain?
lol
Slovenia has the most alcohol deaths.
Finland is the happiest country because all sad people commit suicide.
Ireland 2 things are mainly gynetic thing
Lowest rate of vechicle ownership is actually a good thing
Estonia is the least religious country...  How does that get it on this list? Surely that means they're the best at not believing in an invisible sky-wizard. Right?
Kazakhstan is actually in Asia RLL??
One stupid thing to say it's bad: Albania not having a Mc Donald's. I wish MY country never accepted this unhealthy crappy food chain, so our youth wouldn't be now overweight and some already with diabetes! Therefore, I'll give thumbs up to Albania for their wise decision.
Greets from belgium where we still gonna die of corona
Bruh 7:47, Sardinia is also part of Italy and u should've highlighted that too, the island below Cursica, it's not that small either :\
Ireland and sobriety
Bitch we’re struggling in Greece that’s why we be smoking😂
Interesting what this guy defines as "bad"
Vittu et masentaa mut onneks oon tosi ilonen :)
Sh*t at Poland. No coincidence right here
Austria = supplying the world worst dictator
1:45 TIL owning a car is considered a good thing.
how is lack of religious belief bad when you measure it objectively
SARDINIA IS PART OF ITALY
Austria is so great, we even are the best at complaining.
britain is worst at complying to the EU
Austrians definitely are the worst at speaking englisch
Highest cannabis consumption is a good thing
The COVID numbers about Belgium are very misleading though, since Belgium reports the numbers differently than all other European countries. If we reported them in the same way as the rest then the numbers would be far lower, as our lockdown rules etc. have also been one of the strictest in Europe overall. That being said I still do believe we haven’t done a great job against COVID, but tbh except for New Zealand nobody in the world really did lol, it’s a huuuuge mess overall.
Man Im really glad to know that our scientists are useless. (Albania *cough cough*)
Cyprus is the worst 1, and Croatia actualy wasnt the worst it was second worst
Did you forget my country..? (Sweden)
i thought germany's was gonna be " they are the worst at winning world wars"
Kosovo isn’t a real country.
WE ARE NOT CHARITABLE BECAUSE WE HAVE NO MONEY TO GIVE!
Since when is Armenia an Azerbaijan European
He forgot to mention that Czech has been the most racist country for the longest time. Lmao I know from experience.
as a belgian i really thought he was going to say something over our goverment. stil first and runner up in goverment forming. more then 500 days!
This is a very poor video, and I hope you realise it. I´m not from any of these countries, but there are some very subjective and questionable metrics being used here.
3:58 phew croatia isnt that bad
I’m sorry but Kazakhstan is not even by a technical point part of Europe. Europe Asia border goes through Ural in Russia then south west thru Black Sea and cut Istanbul in half. Then south east in Mediterranean Sea including Cyprus. We do though invite Armenia, Israel and such to competitions in sport, music and other events.
Jeogrgafi much? Armenia? Ok
America is bad at everything so idk what ur chatting other than guns Edit:sorry forgot about guns
Since when is Kazakhstan a European country?
aNyOnE eLsE wAtChInG tHiS iN 2021
Every single time you said a country drunk the most that's not them being the worst that is them simply being the best
What is Austria bad at: fighting wars
7:15 based iceland
But isn't being "least religious country in the world" a good thing?
how is not having religion a bad thing
Austria has the highest rate of creating german nazi dictatorships that cause major wars from 1939 to 1945.
There is no mc donalds? Literally tell me one thing that is bad about that... Oh no, I cant eat my unhealthy junk
4: 13 that's more than i have.  (~5mb\ps and i live in germany)
3:24 as of today, our capital "Sarajevo" has the worst air quality in the world,we have 3 presidents,monthly payments are LOW,and i mean it,and we even aint part of EU.......jebiga
Sardinia is part of Italy get your geography straight, we have a low rate of graduates because school is hard and it shows
Belgium is the new Brazil
To be fair, when I travel to Cypres, I'm there to chill, so screw high-speed internet.  And also: Holy sh*** this list is condescending. Go educate yourself.
Covid in Belgium was so bad but they still sent all of us to school.... Also we were (i think) the country with the longest time without a proper government.
3:12 something I would like to set straight as a Belgian: with Covid, every person who dies from a lung disease is counted as a Covid death in Belgium, we are (as far as I know) the only country who does this. Obviously a very big part of these people didn't even suffer from Covid (a lot of elderly people die from other lungdideases). So, we have a lot of cases, but our healthcare works very well and we have never been out of capacity in hospitals like other countries. In reality, the mortality rate is much lower
Austria does terrible Breakfasts.
Kazakhstan "least amount of cultural influence."....EBU really should let them join to the adult Eurovision Song Contest.
i realy don't see how estonia being the least religious country is a bad thing....not that i have a problem with religious people, but i also don't have a problem with atheists...
"Czechia has the highest consumption of beer per capita". This isn't a bad thing at all.
Egypt when she sees mines : those are *mine*
7:55 wut????
Finland: "Don't know, man... Don't know if I want to be happy or sad..... or sad sad.."
Austria and also the Danube Empire was the worst in winning wars .
Wheres Britain ????
Slovenia and Belgium are worse at being worse at sonething
I don’t know, Austria was pretty bad at letting little Adolf go to painting school
when i heard ab iceland i was suprised only 18 %
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus, Georgia and Kazakhstan are not part of Europe.
Czech and Iceland seems good, beer and cannabis🤣
ehh you know that Armenia is not a part of europe ? europa ends at Konstantinopel... wich basicly is Istanbul.  counts for everything  east of that, tool @reallifelore
Hungary's sales tax is so high because all of the goods and services are so cheap in the first place. You can walk into a store with 1000 Hungarian forint, about 3 usd, and get an amount of products that would cost 10 usd in America.
As a Greek myself i am not even offended 😂
Italy has the lowest number of college graduates ??? Italy has so many college graduates that they can't find proper employment. I strogly doubt the issue of least graduates.
That was an attack for Greece 😂
Man where is Macedonia most corrupted politicians on planet earth!!!
Slovenia?
What about Switzerland?
Estonia: least religious Country... What's the bad thing about that?
5:18 So basically Finland is the country with the worlds most split identity?
What's worst about being non-religious.
Europe doesnt feel so good anymore
HOW IS LEAST RELIGIOUS COUNTRY BAD?
6:30 Greece's map is wrong ! You have not included many islands ! 🇬🇷
I'm not Estonian, but how the hell is "Least religious countey in the world" a flaw?
bro you missed romania
Uhm my dude I think you might have forgot us Swiss people.  We are not part of the European union but we are still in europe
Well I guess Slovenia is the worst at standing for itself when it comes to EU and world  politics
How are many people in germany homeless xD they really tried hard
This video makes Greece look like a criminal.
Austria made hitler lol
Where's england
There is something about Belgium that needs to be corrected because we counted differently than other countries :  We do have the highest mortality rate on the corona virus. But this is because they counted everyone in resthomes too.  BUT people who were suspected to have corona (even tho they didn't know it for 100%), or people who had other health problems and corona was coincidentally the reason they died ( they could have died from another virus or bactaria but it was coincidentally corona) were also counted in the list of corona deaths (which is not exactly a correct counting)  While other countries don't count these that way so that's the explanation of it  We ain't an unsafe place
Austria is worst at keeping a stable empire
Kosovo IS serbia
What about Romania, last time when i checked it still was in Europe.
Bulgaria may be the poorest in the EU, but we have really good Internet quality
"Albania has never had a McDonald's" Not a bad thing tho
As a European the title made me laugh
Propaganda !!!
Bravo  to Italy  for  its  non -diversity   state !  F""" U"  with  SJW  lecturing   us  with their  political correctness!
Bulgaria has the worst problems of all :(
still, my internet is way worse than Cyprus' internet
1. You didnt include Romania 2. Azerbaijan,Armenia, and Georgia are in     Asia not Europe
About andorra... Spanish and french tend to buy cigarrete packs at andorra when travelling there bc its low price. So you should check if the source was "consumed per person" or "bought per person". Sry about my bad english.
What but Kazakhstan isn't in Europe period
Coming from a Glock fanboy, I'm waiting for someone to say that Austria is the worst at manufacturing pistols...
The worst thing austria is at is keeping ottomans away from their capital city
You forgot like a great deal of European countries
Czechia: Second least religious after Estonia (and proud of it. Or, we aren't proud we have been beaten by Estonia...) Highest consumption of beer in world (and proud of it) Both best and worst in covid at the same time
Czechia best in covid!
Kosovo is Serbia and never mention Kosovo as a country! 🇲🇰❤️🇷🇸
I guess Great Britain are the best at everything then lol
8:53 laughs in Abkhazia (recognized by 6 countries), South Ossetia (5), Northern Cyprus (1), Transnistria (0) and Artsakh (0).
most ciggarets in andorra are probably tourists avoiding taxes
The air in bosnia is great and very clean. I go to Bosnia every year and thats why I know that the air is clean.
Since when Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Europe?
Least religious country in the world should be a + in my book...
Why are you doing to me Mr Real Life Lore? I'm going to cry!!! I live in Greece! A southern country in Europe!!!!!!!😭😭😭😭
4:48 what the hell, no we easily get many friends :(
Austria is the worst at being the worst at things
I vouch for iceland not smoking the most cannabis let’s be honest the dutch be dank af.
Italy being the worst at diversity is a win bro
Btw Kosovo is Serbia sorry ;)
what do you mean greece is the least giving country? you mean exports? if you mean that, it's correct, we only import goods even if we have them at our own!
Armenia isn't in EU tf
Disclaymer: not a actual opinion.    Austria is the worst germany.
Actually that Estonia is the least religious country in the world sounds pretty positive to me. Less stupid religious fights
i don't think andorrans smoke that much, if this stadistict is based on cigarrete sales, it's not what it looks like as majority of those sales are from spaniards that cross the border to buy there becouse it's cheaper than in spain
Least Religious Country isn't a bad thing
being homeless in germany is like being a drowning goldfish.  theres literally no reason to be homeless because of the social system
Yes, Greece has many billion euros in debt but Germany has not compensated the losses from ww2 and nobody talks about that...
-Armenia Being militarised is a con?
Andorra: I think that in this statistics they have the volume of sold cigarettes, not smoked ones. Andorra is a fiscal paradise with very low (or no) tax on alcohol, fuel, cigarettes so both French and Spanish go there to refuel, buy alcohol and cigarettes. I don't think this top is very accurate, it does not interpret the information.
A little note: Put the playback speed of this video at 1.5
wait.  belgium has the highest corona mortality rate??  i'm gonna be considered dead soon!
czechia drink.s a lot a bear because thats there tradition
apparently austria is worst at being bad at things
add me into Bulgaria's population decline, that (this, at least for me) place sucks
Least religious country in the world is bad somehow?
Austria is worst at being an ally with Germany
Austria: lowest war score in WW2, Slovakia, youngest country? (1993) although I don't know if there are younger european countries.
A yeah Kazakhstan, my favorite european country
So Kazahstan European but Turkey not????
How is Bulgaria the poorest country in EU when Greece literally went bankrupt couple of years ago (Gross external debt: $372 billion as of September 2019)?
Hai dimenticato di evidenziare la Sardegna ,visto che fa parte dell’Italia
Why is it so bad to not have a religion or to belive in one, tf?
Quite a few of these points could also be interpreted as being good, while you only said that about the cannabis consumption in Iceland. Take for example the non-religiousnous in Estonia. Yes, religious people might see that as being bad, but seeing as of the problems religion has caused through the centuries you can make a strong argument that a country being largely non-religious is really quite good
Kazakhstan isn't from EUROPE
In Denmark its not hard to make friends :/
I'm pretty sure calling a country "she" is sexist or transphobic
Austrians are the worst at being nice.
Serbia is not in europe i can see
Oh no! The earthquake destroyed my research again. Better head to Germany  - albanian scientist
People need to stop adding random Asian countries to Europe
The homeless fact about Germany is a bit wrong. Indeed there are 650.000 people in Germany who dont own a Home but only 48.000 of them are truly homeless and live on the streets.
Since when is having many cars a good thing?
do me a favor and FORGET the "ACADEMIC" TITLE .... it is worthless, for example a degree in the bakery, and then it turns out that you have a flour allergy. the italian economy is still based on "good old handicraft tradition" a 16 year old stonemason has more experience than a "student" who sees a "raw marble block" for the first time after 4 semesters, so forget about this BULLSHIT nothing is more USELESS than a degree in "I Can Dance My Name". no wonder if all "green card" winners are CRAFTSMAN who have learned a PRACTICAL profession
Germany have the worst internet
Damn there is no Turkey but Kazakhistan?
Austrian are the most arrogant people in Europe !!!!
Least religious? That sounds like a good thing. Keep up the good work, Estonia!
Hold up, pretty sure the country that consumes the most alcohol per capita is Portugal. We just beat Russia for that one.
Kosovo is Serbia ❤️🇷🇸
Kazakhstan, Georgia? Where did you learn geography?
Wait austria isnt the worst at something ? What is my homecountry doing
Armenia and Azerbajian? Really?
Sarajevo the fuck man we have the worst air quality mainly cuz of you     Also i did not know what that many land mines
where is Serbia?
Put east trace under europe  Cyprus not excluded from Europe...
I’m not sure but Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Asia aren’t they? I believe Europe and Asia are split by the Ural and on the sea via the Bosporus.
Yo Bro, There is a Bridge in Istanbul, Turkey over the Bosphorus, the channel connecting the Mediteranian and the Black sea, and this is where EUROPE ENDS AND ASIA STARTS.
Bulgaria lost 25% of it's population, Chehia drinks alot of beer.... OoookkaaaaaY
Would Czechia being drinkers of beer really be a bad thing??
Sardinia left the chat
Australia is generally bad, but probably not worst, at taking anything good from overseas, such as a design for a submarine or even a public transport ticketing system, and either "Australianising" it (buggering it up, such as the Collins Class submarines) or spending millions investigating a proven system such as the London and Hong Kong Oyster/Octopus ticketing systems, noting that it works, then building our own that doesn't work properly, at hugely greater expense (such as Myki ticketing in Victoria).  It might seem a banal thing to be so bad at, but it is very wasteful of time and money,  hugely political, usually benefitting one political party's members financially, and repetitive.
Worst thing about Austria, Adolf Hitler was born there.
Has anyone realised that subtitles is totally irrelevant to what he was saying 😂😂
Finland is the happiest country becouse sad people keep killing themselves.
Andorrans having a smoking problem hahahahah... just if you have two major bordering countries with high taxation on tobacco, I swear your country will also have a "smoking problem". ;)
4:53 Are you mad admin 🤣🤣....When did less religious became worst in Estonia......  I say that it is the best instead of worst.....  Stop saying like this 😑
WTF Italy is the least coltural diversity country? I really don't think so...
3:00 more like 17 litres a week
Kosovo Republic!
What do bad whit not believing in a religion
To be honest France is almost perfect in geography but it has a loop-hole.
As a Dane I can confirm we hate our fellow Dane just as much, if not more than foreigners. We generally hate people.
I would assume Andorra sells 90% of its tax-free cigarettes to people from France and Spain, they don't smoke all these cigarettes themselves. And the highest amount of beer drinking can hardly count as a bad thing - but also here a lot can be attributed to mass tourism in Prague. Austria: not good at friendliness
Estonia based
Austria is bad at having the worst army Like it allways have been in history (No Front) i can say  that as a German
POV: You just came here to see your country in this video    Edit: No one gives a single fuck where you are from now stop mentioning that in the replies
least religios country is not a bad thing religion only brings war
Μας είχα ικανούς
Albania has all its doctors and nurses in germany since 2014.we need them back 😥😥😥
Timestamp please
Everyone gangsta until he count some asian countries as european
How can more than 100,000 people in Belarus live in slavery??
Estonia is the least religious country in the world. How is that a bad thing?
Wtf, do you know what Europe Is? You put in this list some countries that aren't european
Where is Romania 🇷🇴?
You forgot to include slovakia 😢 I guess its nothing bad at
Actually people from Andorra don't smoke that much, but they sell a lot since Spanish and French people buy cigarettes in bulks there since its way cheaper than in Spain and France
Technically, San Marino has the highest COVID-19 death rate among its population at 0.1913% of the entire population of just 33,972 people.
Armenia is a europian country?
Armenia being militarized isn't a failure. Look at their history and their neighbors.
I live in Belgium now I hated it now
Did someone notice that Albania Armenia Aserbaijan Belarus Georgia Kosovo and Kazakhstan are no members of the european union
Austria is worst at not producing hitler
My fellow Slovenias/Austrians bs like:  I see that as an absolute win!
Armenia? Europa? Azerbaijan? Wtf is this Europe?
5:16  Thats a bruh moment.
Did this person just call Iceland a "she"? lol
what you are saying is bullshit and not reality.
"Czechia has the highest consumption of beer per capita"  Ireland: *Hold my beer man*
Can u make a video on asia
Germany: worst homeless crisis in Europe Me: are u kidding 🤣 they even pay u money and give u a place to live when u don’t work.   And u forgot Austria and there art students so your video sucks 😂
Italy: lowest graduation rate in the EU Also Italy: *Founds the Western European culture* Edit: "Im not even mad. Just disappointed."
NO WAY! ESTONIA CANNOT BE LESS RELIGIOUS THAN CZECHIA!
Alright so let me tell you As a Ukrainian about Ukraine. It's kinda boring, But we have good restaurants but we are the second most poor country and Europe with the highest crime rate too.
romania and moldova are quacking
religion as a positive and cannabis as a negative... wut?
Is non religion a bad thing??
1:39 getting into art school
Laos is good at being the poorest of the poor.  And we don't have MacDonald's either.
Cultural diversity is a bad thing. The term "cultural diversity' is a con trick used by people that hate different cultures. They come up with a dog shit term like cultural diversity so all cultures can be smushed into one grey boring mass thereby destroying the individual cultures. And unfortunately the trick is working on virtue signalling morons that are scared to death that if they speak up they may be called 'racist'  Well done Italy!
Since when Kazakhstan it's a European country?
"belgium has the highest covid death rate" only true under the assumption that China isn't lying about their numbers, not like they have a history of lying
In Northern Cyprus you can t get anything from amazon and eBay bay you cant find any mc Donald's or windiest or kfc
Azerbaijan isn't European
Why exactly is a low rate of vehicle ownership bad??  Anf why a low religious rate? It's not bad or good! It's a personal opinion
Albania not having a McDonalds is a major achievement
Austria sucks at being German
Were is the uk
you forgot luxembourg.
ITS NOT POURNOUNCED I ER LIND ITS ARE LIND
The depressed stage ultrastructually contain because june unknowingly jam outside a tan multi-hop. tremendous, marvelous landmine
Finland is good place to live
can you do this on states of america or USA will be enought
a                                                     a
Austria worst navy
Isn't the suicide rate in Finland so high because of the dark Winter?
Austria? Easy: traitors...it's in their blood...
Andora has a lot of people who come from France and Spain to buy cigarettes there because they have very low taxes. A 10€ pack in France will cost 3€ in Andora.  So I don't think the average number of cigarettes smoked per inhabitant is accurate.
And the greatest country, mighty Slovakia, with its most corrupted goverment stays hidden. Very nice.
Bruh cyprus still has faster internet than me
Italy: "lowest rate of college graduation". In this country you'll literally find a graduate (with 110/110, which is the highest possible grade) serving your food at McDonald's, and living with his parents until he is 40+. There are graduates everywhere! What are you taking about! On PAPER, the overall education is very high.  Among all the possible shitty things you could have mentioned (Italy is the worst at so many things. I'm Italian, I lived many years abroad, and I can tell the difference. My countrymen are not always skilled people, to use an euphemism).
Bald and Bankrupt had been to all these place if I remember correctly
The netherlands is bad at not being cool 😎
Austrias is worst at keeping world peace
The Estonia things  weren't even bad
Austria is the worst at not joining nazi germany
0:28 LOL I Cant believe it. i live here
Austria, we are the worst at football
Hitler was born in austria
alot of these things labeled "worst" arnt objectivly bad unless your a right wing American... poorly worded title perhaps due to a slight bias and lack of ability to seperate your culturual dogma from anothers. Lack of relgion isnt objectivly bad unless your from a relgious nation , cannabis uses isnt objectivly bad unless you already subscribe to a set of beliefs that conflict with those etc etc i could continue but you get my point.
Andorra is probably no the worst smoker of Europe. Tobacco taxes are lower there compared to Spain and France. Both Spaniards and French living close to Andorra buy their cigarettes in the country on a daily basis. Therefore Andorra consumes (we should rather say sells) an incredible amount of tobacco when compared to its small population. It is not that much if you compare it with the surrounding area.
Well I can agree with the Hungarian one. Sometimes its cheaper to just order from other countries even from england than buy it from a shop here. Its ridiculous.
bitch not everyone is like that. I'M FOR BLACK,TRANS,GAY, SEXWORKERS and everything else.  america it's fucked in many other ways. COPS HERE DON'T THROW BLACK WOMEN OFF A BALCONY.   only the closest minded people sometimes starts fights.
"Cyprus internet speed is 6.3 megabites per second"  Me in France who only get 4.8 megabites per second: uh
What's this new meme of including Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia in Europe? Is this some new classification cuz they've always been part of Asia.
Why is it a bad thing that Estonians are mostly unreligious?
Asan Austrian, we are the worst at not getting drunk. (This sounds German, but at least with my neighborhood/town it’s true.)
8:37 Isn't Borat from Uzbekistan?
Nobody actually smokes that much in Andorra, its just that French and Spanish people who live nearby buy cigarettes there cuz its cheaper
Death penalty is good brother
8:52 Northern Cyprus: Am I a joke to you?
Azerbaijan is actually  not an European country. They have many cultural differences...
I'm Italian, i confirm what you said about us.
30 seconds into the video and I already felt the video is not based on Facts  The list does not even include the Faroe Islands who is a country within Europe, has their own language, flag and parliament and a legendary football team (ask Austria) - plus they also do not have a McDonals!
Im from the Czech Republic, and i must say, this is the first time in a video that they didn't mistake us for Czechoslovakia. Finally.
Not being religious is a good thing for Estonia, it means less barriers between everyone, why is it considered a bad thing? Xd
Kazakstan is NOT Europe.
Kosovo is not a state!
The fact that you said countries that are not even European make me feel that you’re really uneducated person 💀🤚
Some of these are not even Europeans 😐
Germany have a bigger far left problem then far right problem
Yea , for sure "every" country
1 shot everyday doesn’t seem that bad
Kosovo is Serbia 🇷🇸❤
Whare is latvia
You had Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Armenia which aren’t even a part of Europe but you forgot my country Norway and Sweden next to us who ARE in Europe.
Where is Romania, my friend
Actually Lithuania is the most depressed country in Europe
Czech Republic seems alright
8:15 *NERD TIME!*     Well, actually the term "continent" is a very ambiguous concept, so there are no definite borders of Europe. Therefore Kazakhstan might not be in Europe depending on how you draw the border as well as Azerbaijan.
Switzerland?
You forgot the Azerbaijan exclave
Something Austrians are worst at: Art
“AnDoRrA has a bad smoking problem”  Indonesia: 👀👄
Whats bad about being militarized?
The thing about Andorra’s « smoking problem » probably isn’t quiet exact. They probably calculated it based on how many cigarettes were sold in relation to the number of residents. The thing is Andorran cigarettes aren’t taxed but French cigarettes are, the price difference between the same brand can be up to 6 or 7€ for a pack of 20. Therefore lot of French people near Andorra buy their cigarettes there and than go back to France.
Estonia is the least religious country in the world ..and thats a bad thing?
Me as an Albanian: 🤔🤔🤔🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Austria reeks of weed and most are degenerates
Do one of South America!
Andorra smoking 17 cigarettes per day...? So low
Kosovo isn't a contry, Kosovo is Serbia
Ukraine?
Hungary only sucks at sales tax? Damn, and I thought we suck at pretty much everything.
Azerbaijan is also my favorite European country
didnt know Sardinia wasnt part of Italy. And least culturally diverse country? wtf
why does some countries have gender?🤦‍♂️ geez man why do say like "she has...lowest/highest etc"
Having least religious people is a very good thing...
Kosovo is not a country, it is a part of Serbia
Kazakhstan but not turkey ... what the fuck
You pronounce Belarus as Belarooce
could arque that being least religious also is what we're best at, not worst at. And there's a reason for that. Most of our occupations in the history have been by religion motivated countries, Likes of germany, Russia, Lithuania-Poland occupation, Swedish occupation was one of the few that wasn't religiously motivated(and USSR or upcoming Russian occupation)
I'm pretty sure a few of these countries you mentioned, such as Armenia, are not part of Europe.
Armenia isn't in Europe i think
What is bad about being the least religious country? Isn't Estonia best at this then?
The Netherlands has the highest cancer rate in Europe
What about Portugal 🇵🇹 where I was born
Austria aren’t great at producing peace-loving leaders with funny moustaches...
alright, that's it. i'm not moving to any country for living ever. i'm staying in our beautiful Austria
Belarus is the worst at having an election, but the best at putting people unfairly in prison
i don't get why we have such a high mortality rate i think it's misleading beceause we assume sometimes that people died beceaus of corona while that wasn't the case if you compare the videos we've seen from other countries like China or Italy, out hospitals were overcrowded but not that overcrowded
switzerland: forming allies    for everyone that takes this seriously, it's just a joke
2:00 Imagine having a shit ton of oil but you have no cars to fill with it
Belgium is definitely one of the worst as a modern country
What is wrong with death penalty?
finland depressed but also happy  how?
Bro wtf. Neither Armenia or Aterbaijan are european countries
As a czech person, the picture and video presentation of beer made me more mad than you calling us alcoholics. Noone I know would drink that piss water with no foam bro!😭🍺
another thing for belgium making a government after elections takes the longest in the world
Austria Worst at schedules You have to wake up at 6am Like wtf Here where i live i wate at 8 am
Come on, Sardinia is part of Italy...
Who is kosovo i never heard of that
Caucasus country (except for south Russia) isnt in Europe...
You left Romania out of it:)
The video was not bad, but a lot of the things you said were poorly said... they were either a neutral thing or a good thing... like Estonia with religion, how is that bad? It is neutral. Same thing with Iceland and cannabis, and there were a lot of things like this in the vid
06:08 They still get food and places to sleep unlike in many other countries.
i came to laugh at my own country but we are so average we dont even get the worst smth
Wait, why is least culturally diverse a bad thing?
England?
Bulgarian here: According to data we are also the most corrupt country in the EU. I'm surprised you didn't include that as well.
Armenia and Azerbaijan are not in Europe
Interesting
Austria is the worst at being the worst at something
Lütfen şuna Türkçe altyazı yapın bizde izlemek istiyoruz:(
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
As a German I expected be the worst in winning world Wars Happy disappointment
Real Life Lore is definitely American, thinking Azerbaijan is in Europe
ARMENIA AND AZERBAIJAN???? in EUROPE????
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
"lowest vehicle ownership" in and of itself is actually a good thing, not a bad thing.
Austria = Hilter
I have the obligation to say that kosovo and metohija is not,and never will be a country
Estonia is so bad being religious, that no church, synagogue, or mosque has been attacked... oh wait, there is no mosque.
Romania?
5:26 A country which is *most depressed and happy country*     Bruh
Austria was screwed in Both World Wars...
Wheres England
Montenegro doesn't have McDonalds either
The comment section is just Austria is bad a peace
Highest consumption of beer? So what's that being worst at? Irrational video dude.
I thought the religion thing in estonia was very good, why should that be a bad thing?
In Germany the homeless sleep on the street by choice. They must be given a home by law, even if it is the most Luxurious hotel in the community.   Austria doesn't have such a law.
That whole "Andorra residents smoke 17 cigs a day on average" is as true as if I were to say "Las Vegas residents spend an average of 30 hours per day in a casino". C'mon, man...
Being the least religious country in the world is a good thing.
Greece less generous?? The only country(with Italy ) that guarantee help in any kind of crisis in EU and all over the world?  Check your facts... Sweden did this not Greece
Finland: Paradox? Highest rate of depression and highest happiness?  How about, Finland is the happiest country _and_ actually acknowledges depressed people as such instead of it going under-reported and/or the government fudging the numbers?
In Albania instead of McDonalds, we have our own brand which its logo is the McDonald's "M" symbol just turned upside down..
3:15 ya cause of the french who just cept coming into are country
“Czechia has the highest consumption of beer per capita” Every Czech: “How is that being worst at something?!!”
E.
All europe countries want your location
I have a question? is being at bad thing something to be described as worst at?
Austria is worst at hospitality
Austria is the worst country in a worst things in countries list
"worst at being religious" or "Best at being atheist"   anyway, your american is showing
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership is a good thing!  You take "worst" in a veryyyy subjective way
Finland is the happiest because every depressed person just kills him/herself
Kosovo is not an officially recognized country and as such does not belong on a list of countries.
Why drinking very beer is bad
Hey, you haven't shown Nakhchivan as a part of Azerbaijan. It's our  territory. Show our map right already.
Oh come on! Like death penalty is a bad thing! Or do you mean to say that only the US know how to FAIRLY execute people, whereas countries like Belarus just promiscuously sentence everybody from maniacs to shoplifters and parking rules violators to death?
Lmfao other countries: depression, smoking, finances, religion Croatia: yall dont have trains (Trust me thats the least of our problems)
The Constitution of Hesse (State of Germany) also included death penalty till 2019
Austria is the only country that startet a worldwar, and they did twice XD
Italy has the slowest GDP growth rate... as carbon emissions have a linear correlation with GDP, the new is only half-bad.
Kazakhstan is the worst country in Europe at... being in Europe.
Make a video on USA and you will have all these problems *10 and also guns and death and so on..
Austrians are the worst at countering antiaustrian jokes from switzerland
Some of these claims are a bit problematic and clearly not well-researched.
europe is actually very shitty
So having fewer cars is bad? Try harder next time fella
I've not heard it called Czechia before 🤷‍♂️
I lived in Denmark on a study program for a few months early this year, and if you’re not a student among other students, it’s absolutely the hardest country in the world to make friends in, mostly because they’re a little irritated that you don’t speak Danish.
Never knew that Kazakhstan was a part of Europe
Finland is the happiest country in the world because the saddest most depressed people are killing themselves.
Turn on captions
How Estonia being the least religious country is a bad thing tho?
How does the lowest level of religiosity make a country ‘worst’?
Where is poland?
Least religous seems like a win to me dude
Ok so rephrasing this, Estonia is the best nation in Europe at advancing from retrograde religious concepts.
Wonder what are the sources of these statistics.
Of course Finland is the happiest country because all the depressed people killed themselves. Win/win!
Isn't poland an european country?
U gonna do us like that :corona  That’s it? I’m bout to give a Belgian beating
Austria is worst at maintaining empires
I have family in belaruse.
Czechia bad because beer. Island good because weed.  This video suck balls.
Covid19 doesn't exist
Modern slavery in Belarus ? You need to visit UK or Germany 😂😂
hold on there's nothing wrong with people not being religious
Austria has the most covid casen per popularity
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership is a good thing.
Slovenia isn't in the video):
Being a Bulgarian is not easy
I live in Bulgaria
Armenia and Azerbaijan are not on the European Continent, do your research.
Why do you guys every time forget to mention Great Britain and Co. when you’re talking about Europe. You guys are even talking about Iceland and and the landmass still doesn’t disappear.  From continent. Questions upon questions.
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing for Estonia? Maybe this is the best aspect of the country🤔
Great Britain: Being a normal fucking country. Like, ew
Azerbaijani enclave like a little country
Austria has a very bad town named fcking
5:00 - wtf dude? Are you seriously telling us atheism is bad? Bruh
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst.
I mean you forgot about the occupation of Northern Ireland, pretty sure it's bigger than Cyprus
Not trying to offend but why is having the least number of religious people a bad thing in the case of Estonia
You didn’'t really know what to say about Belgium while it’s obvious: forming goverments
Austria is the worst at making an empire without rebels and protest
KOSOVO IS SERBIA!!!!
I live in Finland- so mum, could you PLEASE take me to a therapist, i’ve been asking for half a year now and it’s getting worse...
In the moment he mentioned the genderpaygap the video and he died for me
world: NOOOOOOO YOU CAN'T JUST DRINK THAT MUCH BEER IT'LL KILL YOU!!!!! czechs: haha beer goes glug glug
The other countries over turkey, are asia
Serbia?
Kosovo ain't a country...
How tf is Estonia the least religious country a bad thing like wtf thats a good thing??? I wish my country was like that.
Azerbaijan isn’t even a European country. 10:05 minutes wasted time...
Kosovo isn Serbia
Armenia isn't in Europe
Least religious sounds like a plus to me
Bulgarians come to Germany to be homeless and to have a better life
Austria highest cigarrette smokers in all europe
You are totally wrong about at least of the half of your consideration in this video. Round half of your considerations at my opinion should be the best things and not worse. For example, if there is not McDonald's in one country, any country, will be the most positive thing in the world. McDonald's is a really bad food producer, with low health food, low costs, low quality, that bring most of the costumers into a bad lifestyle, with many diseases. Second, if in one country they aren't believers who are you telling us that is a bad thing??? Should I say to you, who I presume you are a believer, that you are in a worse country, because you all are believers??...
Some would say Belarus having the death penalty is a good thing so they're actually the best, not worst, in Europe  Similarly Czech Republic and the most beer drinking
Where is Romania tho?
What about the NEDERLANDSS!!
Well, our worst is to be best in brewery? :D Of course, beer is cheaper then coca cola in our country. Who would drink your coca cola with all that sugar, then he can drink good beer?! For health is definitely better beer (y) :)
As for this channel, worst intelligible pronouncing of Bosnia & Herzegovina
how is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
4:30  Cyprus's 40% is occupied by Turkey. What northern republic are you talking about?  An equal example would be saying that Harkovo in Ukraine was invaded by the Ukrainian citizens-seccesionists
Germany also has, not the worst but a very bad military
No Mcdonald is a biggest deal breaker.
Austria is worst at winning wars
Why did you not talk about england😡
Fun fact: in Czech Republic beer costs less than water
I clicked because of the poo on the thumbnail and wanted to know which country is the worst.
Чистый вьетнамский, ниче не скажешь
Germany's the worst at winning world wars.
I'm from Bulgaria and it's true that alot of people who have a chance try going to western countries, cause Bulgaria is a $hithole.
Austria the Worst man in Europes history: Hitler
Slovinnia Belaruss Herzagohvinna How do you pronounce these simple country names wrong
Hungary: *highest sales tax Me: Ill never FORGIVE the japan
Is this a keyboard ? Lol 0:58
Don't see why Estonia being the least religious country in the world should be seen as something bad. I'd say they are the country which has managed to free itself from superstition and the chains of  religion.
iceland aint that bad
me *waiting for Czechia* The video: they drink the bigest amount of beer per capira Me: That's not a problem. It's an asset
Azerbaijan is European?
The worst economy in whole europe
Why didn't you mention about turkey
Austria is worst at getting invaded bye Germany
The most shocking thing is Armenia... Since when is it in Europe?
why is Estonias not  religious thing bad?
Mc Donald: Hey Albania, let me in? Albania: We don`t eat that shit!
Where’s the UK?
Why is least religious automatically a bad thing?
Estonians being the least dependant on religious propaganda is a thing to be applauded for, not the worst but absolute best. Way to go, Estonia.
Austria is the worst at being the worst
I dont see whats bad about consuming as much beer as people in Czechia
Do we Wanda see how bad usa is ?
Is not being as religious bad?
Azerbaijan’s map is wrong my friend. You don’t consider Nakhchivan. FYI
Slovenia: Bad at democracy
You forgot Romania
Slovenia have highest death and infection rate from civid rn so...     On world
Austria is the best at being german
Slovenia might be worst at recognizing minorities they only recognize Italians and Hungarians on the basis that they are not immigrants, although Serbs, Croats and Germans have lived there for centuries even in middle ages, and there are also Roma ...
Albania no Mc Donalds, less heart attacks. Why is that a problem?
Arent armenia's territory os not in europe geographicly? I guess you put it thier becaise of thier cultural/religous ties woth europe.
Anyone else thinking how not believing religions is bad. Also how is sunshine bad and way is he making these claims that these countries are female?
Not having McDonald is a big problem....not
I would say that being the least religious country is a good thing.
Estonian gender pay gap is not because women get paid less but because men on average go for bigger wage offering jobs
Nice that Germany is the only country which pays money to people who don’t want to work
but being not religous is not a bad thing
He says "least religious country" as if it's a bad thing...
Where tf is Armenia in Europe? or Azerbaijan?!
I love my conthry... Im from bulgaria
What every country in EUROPE worst at >Caucasian countries >Kazakhstan
How is being the least religious country something bad?
Come on Bulgaria!
ridicoulos ! this video simply tell how elementary is the brain of common americans who like these kind of statistics....
This guy narration and pressing on every word he says is very annoying and sounds like a gay having an argument with every European country
For Austria: Friendliness
Well of course that's for Belgium... They are so small with such a dense population. Should have added something else like that the West Flanders have the highest suicide rate. Like we work and don't care about our emotions and that's why we have such a suicide rate.
0:19 there are no mistakes
Wait so... Czechia is bad because we drink a lot of beer here? That makes us bad??
Being the least religious country shouldn't be considered as being the "worst" at something...
Be careful: *EUROPE DOESN'T MEAN EUROPEAN UNION*
What is Germany worst at? -Trains on time...😅
Explain to me why all of this is super interesting, except for the Belgium one, which has to be about Covid? Like it doesn't show up in the news every five minutes? Can we talk about something else for a change PLEASE :( We are the worst at forming governments, at being honest, conserving nature, traffic jams...  Could've picked ANY of those
Austria is the worst at empire building but I don't think that's a statistic.
I think Hungary deserves a video
1:32 How is Armenia the most militarised country in Europe, I would've thought that would be UK, France or Germany
As an Austrian I can say, that we have the youngest and dumbest chancellor in the world
Dont believe them Belarus is the best country in the world!
4:36 well that isnt a bad thing for people from the czech republic is it?
i live in bosnia and herzegovina there are landmines at some spots but not evreywhere there are signs and the air is shit i agree
Austria is the worst country about border gor
Netherlands: Reading
DUBROVNIK IS CROATIA
Think the Andora fact about smoking is false. A lot of people buy cigarettes there because it's way cheaper than in their own country
Does he even know the borders of europe or why are three asian countrys in rhis video?  And why is it bad for estonia don't to be so much religious?
Kosovo is the heart of Serbia! And it is not a country it is a part if Serbia
Czechia, beer. I knew it! Also Czechia has the worst prime minister AND president in the world.
I didn't know that Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Europe!
Other continents aswell please. Africa, Asia and Australia to add with Major islands like New Zealand, Samoa and West Indies
Denmark Are the se pond most happy country tho🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰
Alsoooo Australia is part of Europe.
Me looking through the comments only to find out Europeans hate Austria...
4:32 How is that a bad thing? lol 4:59 This is a good thing.
1. You have mentioned  the map of Azerbaijan wrong- Nakhchivan is also a part of Aazerbaijan. 2. Here in one family people have 2-3 cars, at least 1 car. Students have cars too.  But thanks for the video
As if greece can actually give smthing smh...
6:58 that's not truth I am greek and I know that we greeks are very generous
By the way to be "the least religious" is one of the best things a country can be in my opinion
We finns are happiest and most deppression at the same time because all depressed ppl kill their selves😂😂
Russia is too europe that small part of it
Ok so Greece has no money... and for that reason she is not  charitable.. *Logic 100*
SLOVENIA- CORUPTION🇸🇮💔
Slovenia 🇸🇮✌️
EU ≠ Europa, but yea, googling would be too much
(Im from Germany)  That’s right we have so much homeless in Germany in Berlin you can finde them everywhere.
1:37 painting
Austria is the worst at defending Vienna
It's so inaccurated for Kosovo  A lot of countries like south Ossetia, Abkazia, North Cyprus and Transistria don't even have 10 recognitions and the republic of Kosovo has around 95-100.
Being the least religious country isnt a bad thing, I wish my country would take that spot
wait.. what is wrong about "least religious country"?
Austria is the worst at having the thing it's worst at!
Less religious people in Estonia is a good thing
im slovenian and we suck at building roads
Why is being the least religious country matter? THATS GOOD
Andorrans don't smoke so much... the reason for the stats is French people going there to buy cheap cigarettes ;)
Azerbaijan and Armenia are technically not located in Europe.
Well in Austria alcohol consumption limit is at the age of 16 years old. And a few years ago the limitation for cigarettes was 16 too
the title: what countries are worst at part 1  me: sooo everything that is worst in all of part 1's
yeah czechia has largest consumption of beer. thats a win. wrong video mate
How dose Finland have the highest depression rate in Europe, Finland is like the best place to live
14:36 that's not the worst. This is the best
Your definition of Europe is... questionable
“Kosovo has the least amount of recognition for any state in Europe.”  Sealand: Am I a joke to you?
Austrian here: We are pretty shit at electing reputable politicans
Actually ngl I lived in cyprus for damn a long time and N O N E of my friends had wifi under 30mb/s so that is bs.
Why are there so many austria-ww jokes? We also have josef Fritzel!
Nice to see Estonia as the least religious country - Great news!
Kosovo should be a part of Serbia, change my mind
Du you heve problem vith czech consumation beer
Why is a low content of religis people a bad thing.
I don't need skill share - I'm from Austria and thus not bad at anything.
as an italian this is so stupid
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
Don't tell me ... You're an american don't you?
Croatia has thiefs and corrupt politicians on power which do not care about its own people...
Czechia dont have problém with beer
Where is Japan? for real, learn which countries are in Europe if you want to make video like this.
Finland being bipolar AF
Wait, highest beer consumption per capita is a bad thing?
Czechs are the most atheist people
Austria is the worst at being the worst at stuff
I mean it was easy for me to get friends in school when I was 6 and I live in Denmark LMAO
You weird American. Haven no McDonald's is a Win, not a Loss.
As a person who lives in austria: Austrians are the worst at being polite and nice
yEs AsiAn cOntrYs arE PaRt oF EroPe
This Moment if youre from Austria and think i live in the Nest Country in Europe (Not the Nest But for me it is)
Dud shut up
5:00 What?! Thats good! Religion is NOT important.
I think most notable Country that doesn't recognize Kosovo is Serbia?  Because Serbia is the reason Kosovo is not a Country to began with
Kosovo is serbia
4:03 croatia🇭🇷🇭🇷🇭🇷❤️🇭🇷
I am from Greece and I must say that it's treu
Austria is the worst at keeping an empire
0:30 What. Kazakhstan?!?
How about netherlands dude?
In my opinion, Armenia, Azerbaidjan and the stuff around there isn‘t a part of Europe
Well Hitler ?
Technically Austria is the worst at not being Austria
Why is it bad that a country isn't religious?
Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia aren't part of Europe!
Azerbaijan is in Asia LOOK IN GOOGLE AND FIND BORDERS BEETWEN CONTINENTS
Austria is worst at not breeding incest children in their basement   Other than that it's pretty nice here, taxes could be a little lower tho
What About Aleland
And all of this read by an American. I didn’t realise that you could write a country off because they are ‘not culturally diverse enough’ or have the least number of graduates.
It isn't Bad thing, in Czechia, that we drink that much beer 😁
I love how everyone writes about austria, cause the funny thing is, i am in this "wonderful" country.  Kill me
Germany also had 2 world wars devastate it.........................................................
Non sai che cos'è l'europa
Cyprus has slowest internet... Laughs from Germany
italy: having more than 40 dialects, having the most unesco sites than any other country in the world, having the largest biodiversity in the world, having thousands of years of history with romans and reinassance, being divided since 150 years ago and still with rivalries inside the country (for example: milan-naples or rome-naples)   also italy: the least cultural diverse country
I don't think Azerbaijan etc are European
What about the Uk
Country:Doesn't have mcdonalds  Americans:SHAME ON YOU
Armenia and Azerbaijan are technically not in Europe how could you include them
Iceland: most cannabis smokers and least amount of sun... I guess they also hold the prize for the worst quality of cannabis, then 😁
Austria is the worst in logical architecture.
Greece: Highest percentage of pop smoking, man we are not smoking in 2020
Real Life Lore has already done a video talking on what every country in the world is better at, for fun. Now makes a video of what every country in Europe is worst at, for fun.  People whos identity is based in their flag: "hE jUsT hAtEs EuRoPe"
Austrian: YEAH, WE RULE ❤️❤️❤️
Learn which islands belong to what country: - Sardinia to Italy - Aegean islands to Greece  - Andriatic islands to Croatia
Saying that having a low rate of religion is what Estonia is the worst at is very border line. I could argue that's what they are the best at.
Slovenia has Janez Janša. Thats worst thing in that country
But sweden.are they bad? For im from sweden
Dude I don’t even think fucking turkey is in Europe, how the hell is Armenia or Azerbaijan? And even so. U’r literally saying that Italy has a lower percentage of graduated people under 25 than Azerbaijan!? Dude
You don't have unhappy people if the unhappy kill themselves. Is that how Finland got the title of the happiest country in the world?
I’m pretty sure that the south caucuses are not In Europe.
Video: “Denmark is the hardest country to make friends in.” Me, a norwegian: *d i s a p p o i n t e d*
How is being not religious a bad thing ?
Austria is bad at not getting annexed by nazis
Hungary has the highest taxes. Do you know what the government does with the money? They build stadions... f*cking stadions. The hungarian football team is just trash, why do they make stadions? Noo, not for healthcare, nooo. For  S T A D I O N S ! Jesus... sometimes i am just so angry with my own country...
Czechia drinks more than Germany? What happend to my great country 😔
So finland has the happiest depressed people in the world?
Transylvania  has the highest acceptance  rate of zombies and other monsters the world does not accept
austria is the worst at not starting world wars.
How is being least religious a... bad thing?
Nakhchivan : *sleeps* *sleeps* *sleeps*  1 minutes and 47 seconds Later ,  Nakhchivan : wait what !?
Germany should form a new army outta there homeless population 😂
Austria is the worst at stopping the anchluss
1:42 Starting world wars and not finishing them
Cyprus : slowest average internet speed Indonesia : hello ma boi
Some of these countries aren't european
Finland, r u ok?
Italy is worst at have a legitimate army Just look at Mussolini     Italians this is a joke
YOU COULDN'T FIND AYNTHING ABOUT SLOVENIA AND AUSTRIA BECUSE THEY ROCK!!
Ah crap, i live in Belgium.
Why it is an disadvantage to be the most unreligious country like Estonia???
where is romania?
Armenia is in Europe now?
How can we be generous if we don't have anything to give... From Greece 🇬🇷
Shit I live in Ireland
As an atheist male im moving to estonia
How can finland depressed but still happy? Someone care to educate me?
Netherlands???
5:21 if your depressed, then your the most happiest person on the planet. Great job Finland
Bosnia also has a massive population decrease, it is going to lose nearly half of its entire population by 2050
sardinia is italy.....
What time is england on
Oh my God
Slovenia is trash in eurovision. I know 1 person that likes Voda from 2020 (so this is what its like trash talking your own country).
"Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe".... Well, from where i should begin... 1-è una stronzata 2-C'est des conneries 3-Das ist Quatsch 4-To je sranje 5-Kjo është budallallëk 6-Αυτό είναι μαλακίες 7-这是胡扯 8-Ovo je sranje 9-Això és una merda 10-Ito ay kalokohan 11-To jest bzdura 12-Asta-i tâmpenie 13-Це фігня 14-Thật là nhảm nhí 15-Tai yra nesąmonė 16-یہ غنڈہ گردی ہے 17-این مزخرف است 18-هذا هراء 19-এটি বুলশিট  Those are meaning "it's a bulshit" in "just" 19 lenguage you can hear in our roads. 🤗 Also i want to remember that we are one of the countries that took the most of the immigrants from Africa in the past 10 years. Then i can say we always had all kinds of invasions from foreign people throughout the whole of our history and, as a result, our dialects have words coming from Arabic, Greek, Spanish, French and more. Also our genetic estate is as various as the one of the rest of all the other European countries put together... Now....try to repeat that we are the least culturally diverse country and not get ashamed by that. 😁
Azerbaijan is not in Europe...
Austria have the shortest F1 track in europe
Kazakhstan in europe?????
Armenia is not in Europe
Gender pay gap isn't real.
Austria is the worst at kicking Serbia's ass in time
Finland is the happiest country in the world because all the depressed people kill themselves
Finland is basically bipolar
Finland is just the most bipolar nation in the world if you simplify the statistics, lol. Reality is more complex than that though of course.
Imagine your country is being the best at being the best in least things
What's the small island between Scotland and Iceland (South West of the Faroe Islands) at 7:09?
Estonia: least religious on the continent. How is that a bad thing? Hungary: highest sales tax on the continent. So taxes are bad? . . . just how american is this channel?
Albanian scientists and doctors:  Ight imma head to Germany
Being the least religious country is not a bad thing in my book.
Ready imma bout to end this man's whole career             🇺🇲
Why is Lake Garda, Lake Balaton and Lake Geneva on the European Map, but not Lake Constance?
Good video and Kosovo is Serbia
I am from Bosnia and I can confirm that our air is horiible in winter time, sometimes I won't even go out for a whole day becuase of how polluted it can get.
Haha yeah, that really is bad news for Slovenia..Oh no we aren't the worst at anything! :(
For Belarus I don't think the death sentence should be seen as a bad thing , maybe if other countries brought that back that would stop some of the BS in the world
Armenia? Azerbaijan? Georgia? Not trying to be xenophobic or anything but aren't these countries supposed to be part of Asia, rather than Europe? I'm genuinely confused.
This video is so wrong - I do know where they  got that information- it’s mostly opposite for all Europe countries- and one more thing - Kazakhstan is not in Europe at all lol
I never expected to hear Belarus, Armenia, Aserbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan in a list about Europe... In that case, Turkey, Russia and Marrocco should be also included as they played a significant part in European history... Speaking of things I missed: Germany has some of the highest income, but lowest average wealth! In other words: they have high taxes and an absurd degree of tax money being wasted. To illustrate this further: Germany has slower internet and less internet infrastructure than Columbia and Romania, but the internet costs 10-20x as much! Similarly, the wages are stagnating, but the housing market is skyrocketing making some places unaffordable even if both parents work they can't get even a shabby flat for rent! Thus, average income people have to travel 1h to work! Belgium is pretty much becoming a failed state with two different cultural fractions. I can't say much about Austria, despite it being my country. It has IMHO however a surprising level of corruption and disregard for state authority and democracy.
Kosovo is Serbia.
He forgot England
Germany pays 500€ to people who aren‘t working each month and gives everybody a place to life. And there still homeless  Bruh
Pls make the same concept video on Asia plss
Do the same thing with asia
Austria is the worse at being German.
Why did you say that it's not good to be non-religious country as Estonia?
Least religious coutry is a worse thing??
whats wrong with Czech
Austria is generally the worst native German country
You should do the same thing with USA.   I think we are going to laugh.
Id love to see this with the us states
5:27  such as the Brexit negotiations and fishing!!
Austria is bad at accepting people at art schools.
I can vouch for the slow internet in Cyprus. The positive being I spent barely anytime on my phone on holiday 😂
What Iceland is worst at: cannabis consumption.  What Iceland is best at: cannabis consumption.
I can see that you're american by your bad geography... armenia, azerbaijan and kazakhstan being part of europe? What a joke
RFL: says that Austria did nothing wrong My Great Great Grampa and Hitler: Am I a joke to you?
Finland's population just enjoys their depression
Since when is Azerbaijan and Armenia in Europe?
Italy is the country where the less amount of people are grsduated because it's the most difficult country to get a diploma.
isn’t kazakhstan, azerbaijan, etc. in asia
Congrulations, you probably offended most of Europe!
People who are homeless in Germany want to be homeless. If you're worth it the government would pay for your apartment...  Only if u rly dont want to work and you're not searching for a job you end up homeless.
4:12 I'm actually surprised it's not Germany
Fact: In germany the chance is higher that immigrants get a home paid by the country than german born hard working citizen leading to homeless.
“Italy is the least cultural diverse country in Europe” *Shows Florence and Venice which are two totally different cities (art, architecture, food, language and traditions)*
1:46 you're missing part of Azerbaijan. That little part between Armenia and Iran is part of Azerbaijan
My friend lives in Europe Imma ask him which part of Europe he lives in
Slaves in Bielorussia? Never heard of that Strange
Gender pay gap has been debunked a trillion times.
being non religious is not bad or good
He could be either, eurolover or don't want to loose  europeans because of this video, worst video in the channel
7mbps? Wow what problem! while i got 0.1mbps
Austria perfect? Ancap detected!
Where is Slovenia,Slovakia,great Britain and more
Video ends: Me:MOM i just learned that belarus is the worst :D Don’t take it serious ;-;
"Estonia is the worst at being religious" OR is it the best at being atheist?
serbia also has the biggest problem with smoking
Ireland and Germany: WE DRINK THE MOST BEER! BEER! BEER!       Belarus: you cat bastards I DRINK EVEN MORE ALCOHOL THAN YOU!!!!! 😠😠😠😠          Czechia: Jokes on you idiots!! I drink THE MOST ALCOHOLLLLL!!!!!!
Being open-minded. Dancing. Being nice to people.
Yo frick Belarus
🇦🇱❤️🇮🇹
What albania is the best of producing cannabis
This: What every country in Europe is worst- Romania: YES
Me being Irish and Belarussian: F*ck
Since when is Armenia in Europe
Please fix Azerbaijan's map! You forgot Nakhichevan
Well yeah Greece isn’t generous, they have too much debt to give....
Italy is the least culturally diverse country? Cool i'm happy with that.
Wait wtf Armenia Azerbaijan and Georgia are in Europe?!
Where’s England at
Kosovo isn’t country
Bosnia has the worst air quality? I mean living in Zenica is a bit hard, but still.
𝓲𝓷 𝓯𝓾𝓷𝓵𝓪𝓷𝓭 𝓾𝓻 𝓮𝓲𝓽𝓱𝓮𝓻 𝓻𝓮𝓪𝓵𝓵𝔂 𝓱𝓪𝓹𝓸𝔂 𝓸𝓻 𝓻𝓮𝓪𝓵𝓵𝔂 𝓼𝓪𝓭...
Italy is the worst at invading greece
least religious is good, not bad.
death penalty is not a problem.
And why exactly being the least religious country in the world is something bad? Way to go, Estonia!
I reckon that Andorra's "problem" with smoking is actually an artifact, due to mainly both Spanish and French people crossing the border to buy the much cheaper cigarettes sold there.
I'm from Cyprus and yes the Internet speed is very sl
Czech people consider this as a good thing 😏
Austria is worst at making an empire
Andorra smoking rate: Andorra's  tobacco taxes are REALLY low, so lots of French people and Spanish people buy tobacco packages in Andorra to sell them later or for personal use. If you just see how much % of tobacco is sold, that would make look Andorra has a high number of smokers but, well, it is not.
I think Andorra is not the most smoker country in the world, maybe is because there cigarretes have not taxes and thousands of spanish and frenchs go there just for that.
So... Italy has the lowest rate of college graduation in Europe, and I've just finished high school. That's reassuring
Cyprus lowest internet speed then the video needed to load. :)
6:50 maybe because they *have no money* cuz their in debt
I think he might be the first person to include Kazakhstan as Europe
Correction: 🇦🇩 Has A Airport
I'm from Czech republic and it's not the worst thing about us. We're just the best at drinking beer 😂
Belgium: has the highest rate of COVID-19  Italy: Hold my spaggethi
No mention about russia , even kazakistan is mentioned -____-
Where is England
Austria is technically the worst at being the worst at anything
Armenia is in asia not Europe
Austria has way to much smokers just so ya know.
IM ABOUT TO GET SO F**D im from Estonia
Austrians make really terrible German leaders
"Albania never had a McDonalds" I see this as an absolute win McDonalds is trash
6:57. There is a geography problem. You do not show in white ( meaning it's Greek territory ) all the islands that belong to Greece, you only show a small percentage of them.  What about the Dodecanese, Chios, Lesbos etc.? Please correct that mistake so you will not raise any issue about your very informative video.
How can be the least religious country a bad thing? religion = war
Hungry has hunger of money 😂
United kindgdom: worst country
Austria is the worst at being German
7:35 sardina e Elba indipendent
Montenegro
serbia?
You know that Azerbaljan is in Asia?
Whi Italy don't have sardegna
5:25 ??????
30 seconds in: Wipes the floor with Albania. Damn how''s the rest of this video going to go
Estonia is the least religious country in the world? Why is this bad?
Counting Kazakhstan in Europe and not counting Turkey 🥴
Armenia and azberblabla not in Europe
*"UK - brushing teeth"*
Where is slovakia ?!!
Me: coming here for Lithuania Thanos: Lithuania is perfectly balanced
What if Greenland was in
Imagine US perfect
Why is not having a religion deemed as the worst aspect of a country??
Kinda unrelated but if you know the name of the song he used please let me know.
Как Казахстан ще ти е в Европа А Турция не ти Знаеш ли къде се намираш
“Let’s start with part one with countries A to K”  Russians: 😉
Austria is full of racist bullies I got bullied for not understanding German
7:57 who else recognizes that from ac2 in florence
Belarus: I have the highest consumtion of alchocal per year  Czech Republic: hold my beer
Hahaha Belgium
Aremenia and Azerbaijan aren't part of Europe....
Armenia and Azerbaijan are in the Asian province but are part of Europe
Austria: The worst in helping poland
Ah yes, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan. My favourite *EUROPEAN* countries
Denmark iš best country dumb ass
Estonia: How is being the least religious country in the world bad? It is great!
Austria? It has the IACA located here for studys. The International ant-corruption academy. And there should be a reason for!
Io che non so un cazzo di inglese e mi accorgo dopo 5 minuti di non star capendo una parola
About Germany: those who are homeless chose to do so because you legitimately can’t be homeless if you don’t want to.
Austria is the worst in football, or soccer whatever u like 2 call it
Austria: *doesn't let Hitler pass school*  *This enraged Hitler who punished the entire continent severely*
Listen to me young fella. We are not from LA to buy lamborghinis ferraris porsches every week we arent rich like david dobrik like he enjoyes hes life with his roomate family friends. We in Europe live like we do. Born, live and die. and these countries are poor so understand more history about europe. Alright?
Wow, so many triggered Italians in this comment section😒
Belgium doesnt have so much covid-cases anymore. So it isnt bad at anything!!
9:00 - 50% of UN Countries and 90% of EU Members RECOGNIZE Kosovo, you mentioned wrong there :)
Greece least generous? The ones who said definitely didn't come to greece! Also the smoking thing is really starting going away while all the people from the age 40 and above are smokers the new generations are really getting better ! Plus the economy was really starting getting better but with covid things won't age well
Europe isn't the European Union. This video should've included Switzerland, this happens everytime you make a video about "Europe", pls stop
I have one for austria: it takes 113 years to get citizenship of austria
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Cyprus in Europe? Are you jokeing? Kazakhstan really :D LOL. Why not Israel too :D BTW kosovo is not a independent country
1:03 that's acutally fake, it's the french that cross the border and buy cigarettes because in frence cigarettes are way more expensive. Improve your research
Regarding Germany: The homeless come from Eastern European countries coming to Germany without a job or a home.
Austria is the worst at being not worst 🤣
How is Estonia being the least religious country a bad thing or being worst at?
Keep posting interesting contents like this!
Australia is a Continent and a Country? Secrets
3:15 USA Is cases not deaths
i hate this belgium coverment thanks to them we have 3th most mortality rate in the world
Sardinia is italian
Austria is the worst at forming empires because when austriahungary existed alot of ppl were not happy to be in austriahungary
I am a Belgian and when I heard the death rate in Belgium wwas the highest in the world, well I'm not suprised
I really don't consider Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus and Georgia to be European nations, and Kazakhstan barely qualifies and the little portion of the country that is in the European continent is really barren and desolate.
Should’ve done Wales, England and Scotland separately.. don’t just “United Kingdom”. That doesn’t tell the story of three different nations.
That's true but coming from someone who isn't even from Europe
Armenia is.... not in Europe my dude...
The reason why Belgium has the highest Covid-19 fatality rate is because 50% of that number consists of elderly who died of pneumonia in homes for the aged without having been tested.
Belgium: has most covid deaths America: are you challenging me?
im from bosnia i cant whait to go outside and step on a bomb      but alo me: BEMTI DAMORA ETO SAD CU KREPATI
Wo san meine östareicher
4:15 Actually Germany has the lowest, come visit us and you'll see!
Czechia is best in beer consumption, not worst 😤😂 We are proud on that and we're going to make it 200 litres 💪
Why czechia but no Poland? You put even Estonia and Belarus instead? What
Austria is the worst at art
Andorra doesn't smoke so much. It just that people of Spain and France buy cigarettes there to avoid taxes
“It’s not racism if you hate everyone equally”
Its not hungry, its Hungary :(
Reallifelore: Uses accurate info.  History teachers: Uses really old vids from the early 2000s.
pretty much all of it is based on very inaccurate  information
How is being Atheist a bad thing? 😅 We can tell you're not from Europe haha
Czechs drinking beer isn't a bad thing. It's a tradition xD.....and a record
Uhm Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia are not part of Europe Edit: AND KAZAHSTAN WTF
The statement about Italy as "least culturally diverse" needs explanation IMHO. It's actually incredibly culturally diverse if you visit for example Florence. What measure of "diverse" did they use?
Austria is the Alabama of europe xD
How it pains: Stress:° Anxiety:• Living in Hungary: ■
andorra has such a problem, behause they play no taxes for importing things so everything is SUPER cheap. That is why there are so mandy smokers.
Slovenia is trying to take Croatia's sea territory
Macedonia is the worst country in keeping their name
You didn't even mention the Netherlands and I don't believe Iceland has the highest consumption of cannabis. It's not even legal it's the Netherlands for sure.
*LAUGH IN SWISS*
where is serbia at lmao
But Armenia and Azerbaijan are actually a part from Asia...
Every person from the Balkans can name at least 10 things that they feel are much worst then whats mentioned in the video... :)
Austrians  are bad at military
highest consumption of cannabis products is good and not bad. the highest dependency to cannabis would be bad
do u have the best version of this
so austria and slovenia are the best countries in europe?
AUSTRIA: we have probably one of the most conservative population and the most nazi politicians in europe... kickl, nehammer, kurz,...
Since when countries like Armenia and Azerbaijan are considered Europe?
Ah yes, just get it all at my ancestors
The thumbnail is halerious
Austria drink to much beer
Wait and how is the highest consumption of beer per capita (Czech republic) bad? If anything that’s what we’re best at.
U forgot Romania
Why put Kosovo when its not even a country?
Austria is the best
dude bulgaria has atleast 2 holes in every road and if you dont think thats a big deal try driving a car with low suspention in sofia
Bro belgium has NO government for 500 days and u dont say that?
Austria is not good at graduations at Art school
Belgium: forming Governments
Croatia has worse things than just lowest train transportation numbers (due to rails being from Austro-Hungarian Empire....)
And why is death penalty a bad thing?
Azerbaijan I could understand, but how is Armenia Europe?
That Germany number for homeless (97 out of 10.000, 650.000 total) is BS. First, there are 83.000.000 people in Germany, so 650.000 is more like 78 out of 10.000. OK, still bad. But then, the actual number for homeless is 48.000, which brings us to 5 to 6 out of 10.000. The 650.000 mentioned in the video is the number of people without their own (owned or rented) flat (German "Wohnungslose)! That is people searching for a flat because they are currently crushing with friends and/or family, living in a government or otherwise financed dorm, live in some accommodation for refugees (that alone are 375.000) etc. I guess the German word "Wohnungslose" was wrongly translated to homeless. The German word for homeless is "Obdachlose". Makes you wonder what other "facts" that video got wrong.
Austria and Slovenia occupy Hungarian land
Belgium the highest mortality rate? Are you sure about that? I thought the Netherlands was worse?
I guess the netherlands isnt a country in europe.....
Now do US States
Fun fact: brits shower in tea
Y isn’t England on here tf
Isn't it good having a low number of cars?
Austria and slovenia are the worst at being in this video
Where is Ukraine
Gg Estonia for least religious. Most of your population isn't brainwashed by a random scify book, that's pretty good.
watafak man? You mention the best thing about the Czech Republic, what is worst?
Belgium; Staying Neutral.
I don't understand why is drinking most beer is bad. Also having least religious people is actually not just good, but really great.
Why is not being religious a bad thing?
Belgium for the win!
3:34 see that? Mainly 2 persons are responsible for all of that. Todor Zhivkov and Boyko Borissov. As a Bulgarian I can tell you, everything sucks, except healthcare.
Why did i knew that austria gets all the h*tler jokes
As a Czech, I must say that those numbers included are highly innacurate.. *we definetly drink way more*
3:27
Austria is a country who blame his friend when the fight ended
Sardinia =Italy Unfortunately real life lore doesn't see it that way
Montenegro does not have mcdonalds and those other american things
Romania doesn't even exist. XD
Why is consumption of beer bad? Beer is good for you and is cheaper than water!
Cmon... I thought you'll tell me, what my country(Czechia) is worst at, and you told me what we are best at...
All the doctors from Albania left to other countries, mostly Germany, for better opportunities.
Great! We are good at everything
Where is Romania? Dude
Kosovo is Serbia Nice video btw
2:11 Death penalty still in place? That’s VERY GOOD Death penalty is a right and should be reinstated   4:54 Gender gap’s a MYTH.   5:30 I wouldn't call them disputes!   8:23 not in Europe, really. I don't get why they are in the UEFA. Even Azerbaijan shouldn't be here.
Austria is the worst at : Holding an Empire
Where is norway?
"Armenia is the most militarized" You act like that's a bad thing
(5:00) Why should that be a bad thing?
I mean, I don't see why a militarized society is so bad, especially in a conflict zone  Plus, the death penalty thing depends on person. Some support it some don't, so that isn't the best thing to add ig
1:54 - probably because you can’t class lada’s as vehicles
Where Latvija lithuania
Also in Azerbaijan you say there is low car ownership, isn't this a good thing? We dont want to be like london, there is no way that is a good thing
Let me tell you boys kosovo is serbia🙂
what? I'm from Czech republic and this guy just said that the best thing is the worst? He's nuts
1:35 Armé in swedish means army so i guess it fits in a way
1:33 thats because of conflict thats going on currently
How is Finlands happyest country spot a problem?
Austria is the country in the EU with the least understandable native German speakers
I like how there is no Serbia, but vid includes fake kosovo state and some asian country like armenia lol, ur dumb af mate.
still waiting for the netherlands
Kosovo je srbija
Armenia is the most militarised? How?
Just to clarify, Bulgaria being the poorest country in the European union, is still richer than all of the ones outside of the EU outside of Switzerland, Norway and Turkey. The population decline is more on the mentality side more than anything. More and more people are becoming aware of the reality of the situation, the reason why so many left the country in the 90s and early 2000s is starting to slowly fade. People become more aware that living in a foreign country is giving less and less benefits as time goes on. People have actually started returning. Even more are expect to return. However, there are still a lot of people leaving in hope of finding better realization elsewhere. I even personally have family members who in the early 2000s left the country, to Spain and France, that have now come back to Bulgaria and don't plan on leaving, since reality hits when you start your new life in a foreign country, no friends, you're all alone in a foreign place, and things, as it turns out are not that much easier, so people tend to start returning. That said, for many things have worked out after leaving the country for another, so many will not be coming back. Also another reality is that this is happening to the entirety of Europe, many Europeans are leaving their home country for another, however the reason why most are still on a positive growth is because foreigners from poorer countries from Africa or the Middle-East are actually flocking right now. Which is keeping things together for now. However if you start looking at the birth rates you'll soon come to the realization that things are on the decline as the world modernizes, people start having fewer children. This is why the Population growth is expected to almost halt at about 11 billion in just a hundred years time. Since it is expect that most of the world will be able to modernize at that point and most people will be having like 1-2-3 kids. Which is not a bad thing to be honest. That way the consumption of resources will be just about stabilized as well, so we probably won't run our planet into the ground.
" Estonia is the least religious country in the world " how is that being the worst? That is literally the best thing, lol
Armenia is not in Europe man
France is bad now cuz he got against Islam
Belgium🇧🇪🇧🇪🇧🇪   Like for belgium
Austria started both world wars
Andorra doesn't have a smoking problem, it has almost tax on cigarette. A huge amount of people crossing a French/Spanish go there to stock up on cheap cigarettes.
Belgium weren’t bad at anything until Covid-19.
Worst air quality in Bosnia could not be true... But worst air quality in capital city (Sarajevo) is fact, and that's mostly in winter... There are several cities with air quality problem (for example Zenica, because of steel work)... But being mostly mountain country with a lot of forest it means that most areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina has pretty good air quality... So, I don't know how did you come to that data, when there is no such data except for Sarajevo... Landmine issue is, sadly, true, for obvious reason...
US states!
she?
The fact that a European country is still occupied shocks me....
Please respond if you see this, i think i know what we are worst at, slovenians As far as i know we are top pollutioners with candles per citizen, only here you can see like 12 candles on each grave. With small popullation of 2m people we make candle waste for 10m people 😔
Estonia is atheist because our nation was enslaved, killed, tortured and there was no god for us so basically you can figure that out.
9:05 Koso- what? havent heard of that ever never ever nono ever no
I live in slovenia
Why is "least religious" a "worst"?
And least Bosnia is first and something 🥰😳😂
Btw this is extremely offensive to Europeans
Where is Slovenia ?
To be fair using capital punishment isn’t a bad thing
3:29 crko dabogda
You didnt even include bosnia and you included azerbejan tf? It isnt even in europe
People in Finland are just confused
Go Belgium!!! Also worst streets in Belgium
Time stamp 3:55: go back 15 seconds while they are saying that Bulgaria is the poorest country in the eu:  Bulgaria is the poorest country in the EU [back 15 seconds] and potentially the whole world
Austria will feature in the best list. Best at starting world wars.
As her bargain is not really in Europe
Religion is a bad thing tho
Where is the Netherlands
Everyone saying Germany started ww2 is technically right but they only did it because there land was gone from ww1
No one Belguim Highest COVID-19 mortality rate
England is the worst at being liked by me
4:25 and the UK
Kosovo is worst at existing.
In Germany, they have just over 50.000 homeless, excluding the refugees ✌
What Germany’s worst at: Invading Russia during winter   Thanks for the likes ❤️❤️
the people who aren't depressed in finland must be VERY happy then
I think you forgot about Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Sweden, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Russia,  UK, Ukraine, Switzerland, Turkey, Moldova, Romania, Montenegro, Slovakia, North Macedonia, Vatican, poland and those are the ones I can remember off the top of my head
Ammmm,how to say that to you americans,Kosovo isn't a country,it's part of Serbia...
What about Switzerland
Ah yes being greek makes me so proud
9:12 What about Serbia?
CHECKMATE You forgot serbia ;)
Excuse me? Where dfq is lithuania?
🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾🇨🇾
Ever heard of the UK just because we left the UN doesn't mean we are not European
This comment section is making me laugh my ass off
Finland is the happiest country in the world because all the sad people keep killing themselves.
Austria: Not Causing World Wars
Romania is worst at finding capable polititians...
I dont think Armenia is in Europa
Austria has worst foods
Austrians are the worst art students i guess
Where’s England?
Where is Romania? =/
Damn, we trully have the shittiest internet in Europe
How can Italy be the least diverse. That's impossible.
I wouldn't say that these things are bad.
What Germany's worst at: Winning world wars  What Germany's best at: Mustache models (Beer removed due to technical issues) tanks sausages
I thought Hungary was the worst at being full (Joke)
So atheism is a bad thing?
4:12   cries in 1 megabyte internet speed
Slovenia is just elite
France is just chilling wanting more territories guys
4% of boys, 2% girls somke? Thats the highest?! Well i dont think every teenange smoker would like to share their habit, but thats impossible that the % of teengage smokers in Europe are so small
Greek has the slowest wifi it'd poor and kids smoke
Why Estonian Atheism is a bad thing tho?
4:23 That's not our fault. We got invaded 😞
Kazakhstan isn’t in Europe it’s in Asia
I was fully prepared that germany was going to be the worst at winning wars
Albania isn't the only European country without McDonald's but there are tiny states in Europe that don't whereas Albania is the largest European country with no McDonald's
Andorra don`t have a smoking problem, Andorra sell a lot of tabaco because it`s a lot chepper than in Spain and a lot of spaniards go to Andorra to buy tabaco  good video!!
Me the whole time: where is tooth brushing?
In Ireland 1 in 2 people will get some sort of cancer in their lifetime
How is belgium the WORST at corona?
We Austrians are the worst in making sure that people know who is Austrian and who is not. For example Hitler, an Austrian, is often known as being German, while so-called Austrian composer Beethoven actually was German.
I'm estonian and i agree. Most of us just don't care. I just don't care about Jesus or gods i general
A part of turkey is in europe too
Bosnia: I am mines haha
W
I already noticed how much Covid was rising in Belgium, but I had no clue that we had the highest death rate. Although, I did hear that the youngest death victim a few months ago was a 12-year-old Belgian
A non western country: has slaves Literally everyone: I’m gonna pretend I didn’t see that
Pls where is serbia
Seems like I'm an Andorran-Czech by heart
how is having less religion something necessarily bad?
Austria is the worst at driving.
Seizerland?
Armenia is in Asia? so they can't have the least powerful passport in Europe... And also Azerbaijan do these people even know Europe?
Belgium is worst at forming a governmennt
France
Andorra doesn't consume that many cigarettes, Spanish and French buy it there
Living in Ireland I am happy to know that I will probably die slowly
Surely least religion is a good thing?
Alternate Title: Trash talking Europe for 10 minutes and 5 seconds
Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are NOT in Europe. I am surprised that you didn't also put Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan and China in the list!!!
Kosovo is not a country.
Less religion isnt necessarily a bad thing. It leads to less disputes/disagreement between religious groups, which would lower tension.
@6:07 It's because of that socialist Merkel's immigration policy! I forecast this one week after she was elected!
Austria is the worst at winning ww1
Couldn't find anything wrong with Austria. My first reaction: oh feck, you've done it now. what the hell have you brought on us!
France has the worst justice system ever tho
I mean the gender pay gap is a nonsense, but the least religious thing is pretty interesting.
Austria are the worst at making dictators.
Estonian being the least religious country in the world should be celebrated. That’s a brilliant thing, not negative.
Proud to be Bosnian : Worst air quality and clusters of mines
England is worst at not trying to take over the world
Didn't know asian countries are also in the EU
Austria is the best at telling bad jokes XD:)
I don't understand Finlands?
Vienna has the best water in the World Let that sink in for a while
Armenia has to be the most militarized i dont blame them considering their history
The andorrans don t smoke a lot, it is just really cheap there so a lot of french and spaniards go there to buy
Ireland's worst thing is giving Paul mcshane a cap
Where is serbia
Guys i live in belgium its way worse than 2 months ago
Armenia is in Western Asia lol
we czechs worship beer, no way we want to stop being the worst in beer comsumption.. actually we are proud of it.. and everybody knows what is austria worst at...
how it comes that he says "she" when speaks about country? didnt know countries has genders.. or all of them are female gender??
The uk isn’t a country, It’s split into: England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales and Ireland
Armenia is not in Europe
Surely Albania not having a McDonald’s is a good thing
Gender paygap is bs
Not having a Mcdonald is bad? What is served at Mcdonald is not food; I have tasted Mcdonald's chemicals before and I glad we don't have in my country. I am not Albanian btw.
Borat would disagree with Kazakhstan's cultural influence stat.
We all know kosovo is serbia like if you agree.
Wait since when have Azerbaijan, Georgia and Armenia been part of Europe?
But why didn’t you say about Russia?(
im from belguim, and the thing about belgiums corona statistics, what not many people outside belgium now off, is they were f*cking lazy and did this. they counted almost every death in the hospital as a covid-19 death, there could be a patient with a brain tumor that died and they would just count it as a covid-19 death even if they didnt specificaly know the course of death. thats why the death percentage was so high in belgium and the Netherlands.  sorry for my bad english
I ll tell you in which channel you can find the biggest amount of bullshit
Bro you forgot Romania
BRUH  WERE BRITAIN AT?!
Anyone from America watching for fun?
What about Romania?
Where is India?
Where is serbia
Him acting like the uk leaving the EU trade deal meant we left the EU as a country in that continent
At the starting of COVID-19 we, the Belgians,  counted the deaths of covid and natural death to one number. That's why the death rate was so high.
5:20 Excuse me, what?!
Azerbaijan & Armenia in Europe? That's a first...
Bulgarias: *has declining population* Albania: its free real estate
maybe the reason finland is simultaneously the happiest and most depressed in europe is because they prioritize mental health so therefore more individuals are diagnosed as depressed as more people actually seek help, and in turn it’s the happiest due to its mental health priority? idk
A fifth of country that you spoke about are not even in europe
y'all are really annoying
Austria worst at defending itself
Ketamine
SERBIA?!?!
Armenia is not in europa
What about Switzerland??
So armenia is europe hmmm
Macedonia? y tho noone thinks bout it
Austrians are bad at ruling Germany
Wheres sweden?🧐 Or is it just to good that is hasnt anything bad in its country?😂
Austria is the worst at winning world wars.
Austria: bad at esc
“Least democratic” Russia: Am I a joke to you?
How can Czech republic be the worst in drinking beer per capita? That's the best thing! On the other hand, we are the most atheitic country in the world. The creator should get better in searching facts.
Wow i am from austria man
Finland is weird XDDDDD (I live there)
I have cystic fibrosis and I’m like 15% Irish :0
Please do a what countries best at video. Thanks in advance :)
kosovo is not a country(KOSOVO JE SRBIJA)
Very stupid video
Austria is the worst at football
Andorra smoke because the cigarrettes there are cheaper
0:42 wtf Albania best country yes 🇦🇱
Know Hungary has to many tax over the place but we don’t mind
In no other country there are so many people saying they don’t want immigrant neighbors, than in Austria. I don’t think that’s good enough for the vid but just in case
NOOOO, im Austrian 😂
Germany is the worst at winning world wars
For being an exchange student in autria since 2 month I can told you that they have the worst german accent on th entire planet
4:13 at least faster than India.
5:00 Why is that a bad thing?
Czechia: highest beer consumation...yeah i know but I want to hear something different... literally everytime a watch these types of videos there are two things - beer and Atheist...
5:48 yo John Smith, is that a “Man in the high castle” reference?
and i through i was the reason i didn’t make friends but it was denmark all along!!
Europe is worst at being poor Africa is worst at being rich
Finland is the saddest and happiest country because life is life and that's what it is
Austria is worst at starring in world wars
No Slovenia? Clicking off! haha jk
6:28  Me:"Ok,I understand why he didn't paint all islands."🙂   7:49 Again Me:"Wait,he just didn't painted SARDINIA!?"😲
where tf is romania
Finland seems bipolar
Alternative title; MC RealLifeLore disses every European country, "You mad bruh?"
Hi
lithuania poland anyone? YOU MISSED ALOT OF COUNTRYS BRO INCLUEDING MINE
can we cancel Belarus
Andorra is a tax haven and cigarettes are much cheaper there than in bordering France and Spain. Are you sure the cited statistic does not extrapolate bought cigarettes on the number of Andorran citizens, disregarding foreign-bought cigarettes?
Andorra probably doesn't have the worst smoking habit in the world. Its a tax haven full of duty free shops that millions of Spaniards and French go to buy stuff like cigarettes
Few mistakes here and there. With Many countries you just told about negative things they are the best at. Instead of saying What the countries are the worst at
You have not mentioned POLAND ...
Austria: worst at having a thing they are the worst at
Bulgaria is not poor
What is every European country worst at *A-K*  Something’s wrong I can feel it
No religion is bad? And Iceland here, explain the smell of dankness
Since when azerbaijan is europe?
The tumbnail is so wierd. Why all of Russia is outside Europe, but European part of Turkey is in, and Cyprus all of which is in Asia is also included. Like, by looking at this I can only think of a person who doesn't care about geography
7:00 well, we need money for those stadions tho, cuz we still don't have enough of them.
The caspian is Asian now.
Before brexit: uk, 10 After brexit: uk, 1 1 = worst
I study sociology, so it's kind of interesting to hear these snapshot facts, because there's reasons for all of these things. Definitely some things I didn't know, like Ireland having the highest cancer and cistic fibrosis rates... And I'm Irish 🙊
Austria and slovenia *suffering from success*
That time your little country is mentioned  OMFG
Who else was trying to find their own country?
Why do you keep calling countries "she"???
Austria and Slovenia is worst at being in this video
When you skip us  = random dutch kid
'[Iceland] has the least amount of land that's suitable for agriculture'. Exactly. People always meme about how Iceland is green and Greenland is icy, but most of the 'green' in Iceland isn't grass, it's moss. You see grass in some areas near rivers, waterfalls and populated areas, but when you actually drive around Iceland, the vast majority of the land is either volcanic sand or volcanic rock (which is often covered in moss). It suddenly isn't actually very green once you go there.
Korsika also belongs to Italy
This guy is clearly doing only Europe so he doesn't need to say anything bad about America
great!
Yeah we drink cold beer in Czech
7:58 dude, with a culture like that, diversity is only going to ruin everything
Also they aren't good in not preventing incest
Austria can't vote normal parties
Shouldn’t northern Cyprus be the country that is least recognised as a country? It’s only recognised by turkey
I didn't know we have such a high homeless population. I guess that's what happens if you let over a million people into the country.
I guess my WiFi network thinks it’s in Cyprus for some reason
Germany- worst at winning world wars
Austria is the worst country to come up with something bad enough about themselves to get featured by RealLifeLore
Russia gonna Russia.  Yes, the rest of the world is laughing at you.
What is the highest Hyperthyroidism rate in US and in Europe?
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership sounds like a great thing to me
I can tell you why Germany has the highest homeless rate in Europe. Because in Germany they get Hartz IV wich is Cash from the State these people get for doing absolutely nothing. Ok I have to be fair some people can’t find any job because of sickness or other reasons but some and probably the most part are lazy people that don’t wanna work and rather get get cash from the state pushed up their butts. And btw the state isn’t really paying it the workers do by paying taxes wich the states gives the homeless people under the states name.
Austria making wine
Estonia is not true, czechia is the least religious country in the world.
Austria is the worst at winning the wars they start
Please do Auto English subtitles
I don't think being not democratic is bad
Haaa! Got u
Belgium has the highest COVID-19 death rate because we are morons who count EVERYTHING as a COVID death not just the confirmed cases but also the people who have died when there is the slightest chance they might had COVID... Now making a government that is something we are absolute garbage at!
I feel like a few of these aren't things that countries are the 'worst' at. It's really just aspects of the culture that are deemed negative by western standard. For example, here in Czechia, drinking beer is a very social activity and is ingrained into daily life, and although we don't have a smoking rate near Andorra's, cigarettes are likewise incorporated into daily life. Neither of these activities are necessarily bad; yes they harm health, but arguably it makes people happy and creates a social environment that is very welcoming. The amount of times I've started an interesting conversation with someone at a bar because I forgot a lighter when going out for a smoke break are innumerable.
Finland is the hide the pain harold of europe
Scrolling for comment that says every second of countries ? Sorry not here keep scrolling
armenia is not in europe
Iceland is worst at naming its country
Finland depressed 💪💪💪
I don't usually mind pop science, but the methodology here is pretty fucking atrocious. No context to most claims, d u b i o u s sources galore, and some pretty fucking weird value judgements on what is and isn't considered "the worst". I didn't make it past Estonia.
Why you Talking so much shit
I find our low level of religiosity is our advantage.
We, Estonians, don't mind to be called the least religious people, but I'd think that the Czechs won't agree with that statement 😄
Armenia is in Asia
Armenia: "We have the least powerful passport in Europe."  UK: "Hold my Brexit..."
Do one of what country has the most annoying tourists :p
Germany is the worst at winning wars haha
Switzerland is the worst at not maintaining neutrality
nah....i've been in bosnia..the air quality is quite good..this is not true at all..where the hell you get the fact?
Who is watching from Bulgaria.Здрастеее.
Having the lowest cultural diversity, is that really a bad thing?
I've been to Andorra, and I'll tell you why you are wrong about the smoking statistics. The number you cited isn't how much Andorrans smoke, but how many cigarettes are sold per time unit per capita. Andorra, just like many other tiny countries (San Marino, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg, Monaco...) profits greatly from having much lower taxes on things like cigarettes, alcohol, gasoline etc., because the inhabitants of the neighbor more populous countries (in this case Spain and France) are frequently visiting there and buying these things in bulk. You'd see huge supermarkets in Andorra la Vella full of these products especially for these customers, which probably contribute more revenue than all the inhabitants of Andorra combined.
Now Now, Real Life Lore, Mario Plumbing still gets you a lot of money for many Italian lifestyles lol
Andorra sells Tobacco really cheap so people come from northern Spain and souther France to buy tonacco. Thats why the number is so high
Why been the "Least religious country" is a bad thing? It's not worst, is't the best thing.
So that's why i have no Friends.
When did Azerbaijan become part of Europe?
Austria had the worst wine or something like that for a while. They got some of the best now from the backlash that they got the best wine in the world now. So i think they reason they are not the worst at anything now and days is that they learn from their mistakes. what a concept.
france  is also is the worst at wars
austria is the only country that is surrounded  by  more  countries than  2 or 3
why the hell is the least religious country bad?
Man trying to tell me that drinking the most beer is a bad thing
You named für Czech something they are best at 🤔
Austria isn’t worst at anything, because it is second worst at every category he’s mentioning. It is just very bad at everything, even at being the worst.
A true 2020 video
how can andorra be the smallest without an airport when we have monaco?
Next time I won't be building my gaming pc in Hungary
Do "What Every Asian country is best at"
ENGLAND
ENGLAND
ENGLAND
YOUR RUDE
ENGLAND IS IN EUROPE
YOU FORGOT ENGLAD
WHAT ABOUT ENGLAND
ENGLAND IS IN EUROPE ITS JUST NOT IT THE EUROPIAN UNION DO YOU JUST NOT KNOW ABOUT ENGLAD CAUSE YOU ALWAYS FORGET IT
england watching this like:
Azerbaijan, and Armenia are NOT in Europe, but it is part of Asia , so much for the US knowledge of Geography ;-)
Croatian (also Serbia and Muslims dont get me wrong but for a joke I wont mention them): *plants a hella lot landmines in Bosnia making them the most landmine contaminated country in Europe* Also Croatia: Huh, our biggest problem is low amount of railroad passengers, poor us
Ukraine also has 2 Break away states witch means Georgia is not doing the worst from that point of view...
I would say Finland is best at depression.
5:00 I don’t understand why is that a bad thing? I’m not Estonian but I love this.
Not being religious isn't a negative
also Abortion in Ireland was legalized only in 2019
Can we update cyprus and put in "worse at being criminals" after the cyprus papers
That Finland depression stat is misleading. They simply have a higher number of diagnoses since access to mental healthcare in Finland is great for a rural country.
Аподзр
Finland, I think if I had those low temperatures, all those lakes and Russia as a neighbour, I’d be depressed !!  Oops 😬 I’ll probably get a Novochoc visit now 😱☠️
Dunno what Austria is bad at, but they're good at starting world wars.
why is not being religious a bad thing for Estonia?
I have never known a single soul that has cystic fibrosis and i live near dublin....
it makes me uncomfortable how he calls countries "she", like, it's a landmass, maybe you should call them "it"
a slovenian once told me his country was worst at cronyism, because thats how everything works there. I think he was slovenian anyway.
Hold up  WE ARE NOT THE WORST IN SOMETHING!🇦🇹
What bout poland what's it worst at ?
Andorra's tobacco problem stems from  the surrounding countries, France and Spain, where it's common to cross the border to Andorra and get cheaper alcohol and tobacco there
Why is Estonia being non-religious a bad thing?
This is a video on Europe,  y use a st. Louis MO McDonald's pic , I kno that pic from anywhere 🤣
So.. forcing criminals to work instead of wasting tax payers money is.. bad? If that's called slavery then I support it
Finland: the bi-polar country
Italy is the least culturally diverse country in the world. ....I fail to see how that is bad
Austria is worst at standing up to the Nazi's.
Kosovo is not a country
Cyprus is the country with the worst neighbours in the world
4:37 we are actually proud about that 💪🍺
so doesnt have a car is bad and lowest renewable energy production to? its doesnt make any sense
How is being non religious a bad quality? That should be mentioned in what they do good... dafuk man
Kosovi is serbia
What? Azeirbaizan, Armenia, Georgia aren't European countries
*Ireland will remember that.*
Wait... Most militarised is a bad thing? I would say it's good
Ok,I am going to Czechia
What is that island called between ireland and iceland i cant find it on the map, it is at the bottom of the screen when iceland is pulled up
Czechia: Has the highest beer consumption per capita Me(czech): I see that as an absolute win!
1 month later and now I understand why Armenia is so militarised
Italy has the lowest rate of college graduation and after he doesn't consider Sardinia and Elba as Italy. Ok man,  we are few but at least we study geography.
Thats why belgium is the best see we are n1 in death rate on Covid-19
Italy: everything besides food
Albania also has Europe's worst train network, being in a constant state of neglect since the 80s.
Austria: historically worst as picking the winning side.
I live in Cyprus and I can confirm that wifi here is so bad I can't watch a video in 1080p
the only 💩 here is your YouTube channel. talk about what America is worst at and probably the list will be too long to be included in a single video.
5:00 worst at being religious. Isn't that a good thing?
Since when did Armenia become a european country?
Real life lore: Bosnia has the worst air quality Macedonians: Are you sure about that?
691196 views. I like those patterns.
Uhm one question, why do you refer to countries with He/She, it should be referred with It, right?
@yes
Since when Azerbaïdjan is part of the Europe sir ?
7:48 Forgot to color Sardinia...?
Cyprus isn't a European country, by any standards.
Russia: I AM JOKE TO YOU?!
How not being a religious country is a bad thing?
Kosovo is listed as a country.   Serbia: It's mine!
Damn, looks like my country has the worst landmine problem and worst air quality.
wait.... belarus has slaves?
Could not find anything that Austria is bad at.....I knew that a Habsburg conspiracy was real
Yay for Austria! Except when you live in the Capital, Vienna,  the amount of dog turds is unreal.
I get that this video isn’t super serious, and that some things could be arguably a good thing. But come on, 5:00, please explain to me how the hell being less religious is a bad thing... it should be neither good nor bad because of this tiny thing called freedom of religion. It’s almost racist, or the correlating word for religion, to say what he said.
Isn’t being most non religious country a good thing?
I thought this channel is educational. Kosovo je Srbija.
This video hit me perfectly as i was just considering moving out from Bulgaria
ok but not being religious isn't exactly a bad thing though
can we note that is SO much easier to get a degree in, for example, moldavia than in Italy? Thanks
Austria is the worst at not being Ancshlussed and Slovenia is the worst at not copying names.
some of these countries are not in Europe.....neither geographically, nor politically
Death Penalty isn't that worst but the problem is Government.
Andorra and the “smoking problem” is such a joke, everyone who smokes and ever passes through andorra only stops to buy huge amounts of cigarettes
I live in Belgium and i must admit, People here just don't give a fuck abt Corona And Germany is also bad at war. I mean they lost against Belgium which is soooo much smaller
I'm spanish and live near Andorra, and the ciggarretes problem is that they don't smoke them, but maybe the numbers are that, since the taxes are lower there, products like tobacco are a lot cheaper,  spanish people when they go there they buy lots of boxes of ciggars but since it is in Andorra, it counts as people from there buy them and smoke them :)
Austria is worst at having a coastline
Iceland isn't european.
Belgium isn't the worst with the corona virus annymore. But we are the worst in forming governements ;)
I dont See why Beer consumption is so Bad i mean its a big Part of their Culture
Cool that Kazakhstan is in Europe.
Bruh, how is consumption of cannabis bad?
where is switzerland?😆
Austria is just the best
UK ~ Knowing other languages
4:52 How is a "gender pay gap" bad or good? If women chose to work the lower paying jobs and work less hours than the men, is that a problem?
I mean religion not interfering in everyday people’s life isn’t something that could be considered worse...
Czechs are actually proud to drink so much beer! 🍻
Ive heard that austria has the highest psychopath rate but idk if thats true
4:44 What does it mean? Language barrier? Danish attitude?
What France is worst at: not surrendering
Didn’t know Iceland is a female lmao
The beer thing: Czechia is the #1 so technically they aren’t worst at it.
Iceland should have been named green land really !
Andorrans don't smoke, spanish and french people go and buy cigarettes there because it's cheaper, that's why numbers sky rocket
Of course it's hard to make friends from Denmark when it's current spokesperson is Mads Mikkelson. The trick is to finish Death Stranding first. You'll get his sense of humor.
austria vs australia me: theyre the same picture
As a czech, I don't think that highest beer consumption is a bad thing...we are proud of that xd. We literally don't mind if a 8 year old takes a swig or 2 of beer. My grandfather used to give me from my age of 10 1ml of beer after every lunch because of good digestion. And no, we are not alcoholics, we just love beer...we say that beer is not an alcohol, but a national drink (just for fun) xd
finally Andorra is the largest country somewhere :-P lol
Me: *clicks video for austria* also me 23 seconds later: ._.
Belgium doesn’t have the highest dead rate it is just the way  They count
Nice geography
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan are definitely not European countries. I'm amazed how nobody mentions this in the comment section. And Turkey (Part 2 of this video) is not much European too. There is just a small part of Turkey in Europe. Only about 10% of Turkey is in Europe. Rest of Turkey is located in Asia.
Came here to learn  about what my country is worst at  am from Austria :(
Austrians created wars AND lost them. Starting from Napoleon who literally always kicked their asses at all times, to modern world wars.
why is most beers drink per capita a bad thing?
Austria is worst at not sounding like a British prison colony
For your info Andorra only has a “smoking problem” statistically it doesn’t really reflect on reality stats are that big only because a lot of French and Spanish people living near Andorra making many trips to the country to buy Alcohol and Tobacco in big quantities because it isn’t taxed in Andorra same goes to Cosmetics,Oil and many other stuff !
Now its 🇨🇿 worst on covid sucks to be czech so sucks to be me
Umm Georgia isn t in Europe (not the only one that isn t)
What about Sweden ?
4:44 thats why i dont have friends
The Internet in  Germany is horrible as well.
How about the Baltic countries?
Austria has the worst art schools
Death Penalty should not be considered as a problem.
how is armenia europe
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Just to let you know, belgium has the highest procent of people who die because of corona because they count almost every death reasen tested or not tested. Wait untill you watch the population who died extra during covid you will see that belgium is the closest to that number. They have real press who doesnt fake that they are doing good in fighting the virus.
Austria is the worst at documenting what it is the worst at...
France: most hated people in Europe. Belgium: pretty much worst at anything.
Yes, all the depressed people killed themselves so we became happy again
What about romania ? And Kazakhstan is in Asia, not Europe. And Kosovo is not broadly recognized. Disapointed
Luxembourg: We're not even mentioned.
In iceland every one is high af
YOU FORGOT TURKEY
0:20 isn't that good News, GO Austria!!!
since when death penalty is a bad thing? why we have pay taxes to keep people who killed other people??
Omg Italy why?? Remember Roman Empire? What Happened?!
Geez Finland please make up your mind
So Denmark, friendly much huh!!
Nice didnt even including or even mentioning Slovakia
Every Czech after seeing that this video shows drinking beer is bad. "U wanna go die yourself or do i need to help you?"
Andorra- because of the very low taxes that are there. So that much tobaco is not all consumed in andorra, in fact it is selled there where the price is like 2.6€ per box and people take it to sell in spain (normal price 5.0€) and france (normal price 8€-12€)
So Switzerland isn't taken seriously? :(
The Belgium fact is wrong. Someone decided to count every person who died due to unclear causes as a covid-19 dead. Some people guess that the real number should be half.
Austria hitler
How being least religious is a bad thing
4:27 you forgot about the uk   un saludo
Italy is missing an island
I think the number of cigarettes is flawed by the number of people going to Andorra just to buy cigarettes since it's cheaper there. But I'm not sure.
Croatia have worst goverments ever
Germany:triggered noises for not getting the place for the worst internet in the EU
dude u trippin what is armenia doing in europe U STUPID
Iceland wins
What’s bad about drinking beer lmao 🍻
Nobody talk about Romania lmao :/
Let's get our facts straight about Cyprus:  The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus IS NOT a real republic. It is a de facto state that is recognised only by Turkey, and the land has been illegally occupied by Turkey since 1974.
This guy is a dead man walking
Kosovo is not a country, it's a region. UPD: Right, you mentioned that anyway
Tobacco taxes are much lower in Andorra than Spain, and it's a tradition for Spaniards to buy as much tobacco as possible while they are visiting Andorra, so your statement that they smoke more than anyone else is probably based on a poor interpretation of the data.
4:35 wait, that's bad? We are actually proud of it
Azerbaijan isn't in Europe its in Asia
Most of the countries told in the video are not in Europe, you Americans really at geography.
It's not Chekia
the way you say slovenia triggers me
Sweden too many immigrants
"Andorra is the only country with no airport" Vatican and Monaco have?
so idk how they calculated the amount of cigarettes that Andorrans smoke, but if it is by the amount of cigarettes that get sold, the 17 cigs a day is wrong. A lot of people from Spain and also from France, go to Andorra to get cigarettes, alcohol or just go shopping in general because taxes are a lot lower
Why don’t you make your own country the worst
I thought that not have a religious is positive
Austria has started the most world war.
I am from Greece i thought it was gonna be fun I am not offended just depressed
The Andorra smoking thing is not real. Spanish and French people buy a lot of tobacco there because it is cheaper
Actually very disappointed in the belgium one. Was like you just wanted to find a quick easy one... :/
Armenia lol, I don't think you know where Eurpe ends xD
that is a good fact about czech
spain: wait a moment why i am not here?
Well... your video lacks in credibility as you obviously have the wrong info on where are its geographical limits. i.e Armenia, Georgia etc are in ASIA!!!
nice video but your pronunciation of country names is terrible
and where is Latvia or Lithuania "every country in europe"?
Is the cigarette amount in Andorra really about them consuming it or is the figure so high due to cigarettes beeing extremely cheap and tourist come over there to buy huge amount of them and smoke them at home?
Really wage gap.... How many times it must be debunked so people stop using that word
No,  having highest beer consumption isnt 'worst' it's actually the best ;)
what about sweden
last time I checked Azerbadjan and armenia wasen't part of europa they are in asia. They have few miles at best but I would not say they are european. Ik this becouse im european and we don't think of them as europeans
3:29 Bruh that picture at "Worst air quality" looks a bit like 9/11 bro hahahhaa
I dont know where did you get information about estonia having 84% nonreligius but I looked it up and most nonreligius country is czechia with 75% estonia is 2nd with 70%
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia are not part of Europe.
Finland is the worst at getting noticed/acknowledged by movies and TV shows.  There's a reason why Finnish people gets so excited and spams *TORILLE* whenever their country is acknowledged by their favourite shows. So South Park made fun of them and nuked the country in one of their episodes! :D
Sorry but there is a mistake: one of the two island in Mediterranean Sea is italian. In fact Corsica is a French island, but Sardinia (the lower one) is italian.
Question: why is it Bad to not have a high grade oft religiosity?
Any Serbian in the comments: Kosovo isn't a country
4:46 What are "ex pads"?
Why no England
What is wrong with Finland, school is chilling, no homework, why the depression?
Least religious country means it's good, no fights against each other
wo san de österreicher?
Death penalty is a good thing though ending the life of people who commit murder  makes sense what doesn't make sense is that we do it painlessly they should be  ran over by a roller  and crushed to death or drowned something equally  deadly that they cant live  through
Beer and Get a bdndnjsj
Belgium I have COVIIIIIIIUD
Österreich ist beste
What about England?
But we have hartz IV for the homeless citizens. So the point does not count :)
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is definitely one big plus
why does he keep refering to iceland as a she?
Bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Kosovo isnt a country its a part of a Serbia. I see you know a lot of balkan history
"least religious country" where tf is the bad , this is positive thing for Estonia
what about Poland
germany : Internet
4:48 unless you have a lego millennium falcon
How can you say that having the death penalty in Belarus means that It's the worst. Maybe read some data about that before making such a statements. Data suggest that counteries that have death penalty, don't even have to utilize it to scare off criminals and society is safer becauase of that.
Where the fuck is Switzerland?
Since when is drinking beer a bad thing?
u don't know what countries are in Europe mate
Sorry, I stopped watching the moment you included Estonia being "the least religious country in the world" as part of its worst features.
seriously... I did not expect this channel to keep a leftist myth like genderpaygap alive
I’m sos about it but Azerbaijan is not in Europe look on a map love because that would have to mean Syria and Iraq are in Europe. Azerbaijan isn’t in Europe neither Chechnya, Dagestan, Kalmykia, Ingushetia or Karachay-Balkaria.
" we're gonna focus on what every european country is worst at in Europe specifically"  A european country specifically in Europe indeed
How is being least religious being the worst at something? Uh
Because we don't like religion in Estonia is a good thing, not bad. Religion has destroyed the world more than anything. Bc of religion so many wars have fought. I hope you take back words.
Slovenia is the worst at not being confused with Slovakia
dude unless u live in vienna, austria is on the bottom of average internet speed and reliability we have 3 fricking routers from 3 diffrent companies and yet still sometimes there is no connection at all at least there are trees to watch in the meantime
Italy being worst at cultural diversity is an...interesting metric to go on. Likely based on the measure deciding that there is just one "Italian" culture.
Wtf man! Bro! We have 0 wage cap in Estonia you kidding me? Its the total ammount of revenue by gender not by difference in pay on the same jobs. Srsly?
England?
6:29 if you say pop don’t forget the smoke 💫
5:02 I live in Estonia and what's the problem with being the least religious country in the world. It's nothing bad, some of us just don't believe in god. I don't see why that's a big problem.
How is "Europe" defined in this video?  Where is the border of Europe that Azerbaijan is part of it?
There is a statistic that says Slovenia has the most corrupt managers. And another one says that Austria has the worst teeth in Europe
How the fuck is 7:53 a bad thing? Good job, Italy where western culture was born
Austria has a lot of abductions, human sex trafficing
belgium is the worst at having a government
Lol wtf u missed a few countries
Cyprus has the slowest average internet speed Lebanon: lemme stop you right there
>Least religious >Worst at *_CONFUSED ESTONIAN NOISES_*   ... _Time to ship some more lads to earn higher wages accross the pond and bring the wealth back to fatherland._
Being the least religious country in the world is the BEST thing about Estonia, not the worst..
You never mentioned Ukraine and they are a European country
I recognize the pink background you use in a lot of your videos, it’s from Instagram lol
Really..... No Lithuania ir Latvia. Are we really that useless?
RealLifeLore: Forgets to give Greece most of the Islands in Aegean Sea Greek People: So you have chosen death?
*Manny manny thanks*
such negativity. Do what all countries are best at. Regards from Finland
Not having religion or not being religious should come in the good category. I'ma shift to estonia.
Excuse me? Why is Estonia's "Least religious country in the world." aspect mentioned on this list? By including it as a "WORST" aspect, you're basically claiming that it's bad to be an Atheist. There are many more arguments to support that Religion is bad than that Atheism is bad, so really, this should be included in a "BEST" aspect list, not a "WORST" aspect list, if included at all.
5:13 *visible confusion*
Austria is worst at having kangaroos.
Didn’t know that Armenia and Azerbaijan are european countries 😂 do your research please before making a video
austria is the worst at starting wars and losing them and blaming it on germany
She is the worst
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst
Slovenia - government
i live in Finland and i have "Happy deprsessed" diagnosic
4:31 you said worst at not best at :D
Why was you not show sweden
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at putting information at what they’re the worst at in Europe.
"Least religious country" - I take this as a massive win for Estonia. Seriously.
I would say to have the least vehicles per Person  is actually a pretty god thing
Azerbaijan is in Europe yes
No other European country is brilliant at cricket except England
why is beer consumption a bad thing that just means we have the best and cheapest beer
Now fuk r îs not in list
Nobody: RLL: k I’ll roast Europe
Estonia being the least religious country in the world isn't a bad thing
Belgium doesn't have the most Covid 19 deaths in world
Where is The Netherlands!?
How is being least religious a disadvantage? :D
What is bad about that we consume a lot of beer in Czechia ??
France is the worst     UK gang
That’s not true. In Denmark it’s very easy to make friends.
Austria is the worst at being bad at somthing. Greatings from Austria :)
Austria are the worst at being mean people
Austria may have one of the highest rate of nagging and xenophobic people.
nobody:  The thumbnail: Norway & Sweden bad at shitting
I am German, and to be fully honest, I was not aware of this "homeless crisis". May just be because I live in a small town that was built during times of the GDR by the socialist government solely for the purpose to house the workers of a new steel factory (?), since this still exists it might just be the reason why there aren't any homeless people here. Or at least far from plain sight.
Finland is one of the happiest countries because all the sad people kill themselves
uh azerbaijan isnt in europe...
To be fair on the Kosovo one, they're not the least recognised state on the continent. If anything, they're the most recognised not-fully recognised state on the planet (excluding odd cases like China-Taiwan and Israel-Palestine). They are far more recognised than Abkhazia and Transnistria for instance.
Andorra sells the most cigarettes in the world but most of them are exported to Spain and France. They don’t spoke that much smh
Greece: Least charitable nation. Well, Greece has experienced the biggest economic depression of any developed country in the last century over the 2010-2020 period. It's no surprise people wouldn't care about donating if they can barely pay their rent.   On the other hand if you visit Greece, you'll be surprised how generous and hospitable greek people are.
How come death penalty is bad? There are people deserving it.
Your map is old. Crimea is in Russia.
Armenia and Azerbaidjan are not in Europe
Imagine saying some of these are in Europe.
Norway, Sweden, Latvia, Lithuania?
welcome to the "if its not in the EU it's not in Europe" the video
France is bad at not surrendering
Here in England we're the worst at elections
YOU PUTT KOSOVO BUT NOT SERBIA AS A COUNTRY ????WTF???????
Germany: Homeless crisis German Government: alright, let's get us all the refugees!
Me Before Watch This : Europe is so beautiful, i want go to europe Me After Watch This : I thinking more to go to europe
Belarus: Most authoritarian country in Europe.  Russia:  Am I joke to you?
Hmm, yes, Finland, the most depressed yet happiest country on earth.
Dont worry kosovo,i still see you as a country
Netherlands is like: Oh yes, more than Half of our people ride bikes, and we like that, air is fresher and we like being left alone, and not to go to war with anyone!       I’m not even kidding, I went to Neatherlands. And Amsterdam is amazing. Recommend Icelandair for cheap prices for a flight 👍
7:54 How is being "the least culturally diverse" a bad thing?! Quite on the contrary — that's something very positive. Not being a "culturally diverse" society means being a cohesive society. The so-called "diversity" is actually a fertile ground for divisions and conflict, as it has been the case throughout history and it still is in the present day.
Why are you referring to the counties as "she"? Shouldn't it be "it"?! They're gender-neutral.
Britain Highest rate of accidentialy ruling you
Bruh, Armenia, Azerbajan, kazakhstan and georgia. did you get your map of europe from eurovision?
Wheres England
I live in Slovenia.. Why do us like that bro
Germany helps Europe with the Refugee crises and helps countries like Greece and Italy because of their wealth. But yeah, I guess theyre pretty bad at giving everyone of them a house.
well im in austria
As a Greek, I'll tell you this:  Right now, about 27% are smoking. The percentage of the population that smokes has decreased a lot thankfully.  As for debt, ye, it's high, but until the beginnings of this year it was reduced to lower than 150%. But thanks to the coronavirus crisis, it'll go up to 190%...  And, for the generosity part, we would like to be generous... But we can't, for obvious reasons.
If you ever tasted Czech beer, you'd drown in it too
Britain be like ROADMEN & CHAVS, I know they are leaving or we but it has been going on for like 6-7 weeks so IDK.
No wonder I don't have friends I live in Denmark😂
so Khazakstan actually exist, you learn a new thing every day
“Italy is the least culturally diverse country” Take a trip from north to south and see
I like how some of these things aren't necessarily considered bad things. I guess it depends on how you're viewing the definition of worst ha
Azerbaijan is part of Europe 🤨
Armenia and Azerbeijan isn't i europe
Really only Covid for Belgium? You could make an entire series "Things Belgium sucks at"
Watching from Cyprus, can 100% agree with the internet claim
Just wondering how is drinking beer a bad thing? Or having no religion?
I've heard somewhere that teeny-tiny part of Russia is also in Europe. Not sure if it's true though
Why is the huge amount of atheists in Estonia bad thing?
Technically Belgium is the highest because they were said to have officially reported any deaths just suggested as Covid and many of them weren’t actually Covid deaths. Whereas many other countries tried to deflate their numbers I think Belgium put theirs higher than what is actually happening
Why is it hard to make friends in Denmark?
No airports....... wendover productions....triggered
Austria once had the worst painter in all of Europe
This list is bad.
Very interesting topic!
Estonia : least religious country Me, an intellectual : *porco dio*
Actually belgium also counted every death from old people even without being sure they had corona
You forgot to highlight Nakhichevan for Azerbaijan :)
Should the Caucasus mountain countries really be considered European?
France: fighting
Austria is the worst in not being confused with Australia
In the times of the america’s colonialism there was the rumor by europe of the curved earth so colon decided to start the exploration.., went from genova to toledo to convince a rich monarchy to support the project..,
“Belarus is the least democratic and most authoritarian country in Europe.”  European part of Mother Russia: I’m going to have to stop you right there
Doesn’t having the highest drinking per capita mean that Czechia is the best at drinking not worst?
Kazachstan is NOT in europe.
Yeah, I disagree with the cannabis consumption of Iceland being a bad thing.
lol North Cyprus Turkish Republic must be most unrecognised country in europe or world
Not being religious is a good thing.
.
Armenia, Georgia, and Azerbaijan are not in Europe.
Why is being athiest a bad thing? I would say thats something Estonia is good at.
Austrians are the worst at speaking german.
5:26 so depression leads to happiness? the hell?!
3:06 Doesn't USA has the most COVID-19 In the world?
Every Alcoholic Must die
I’ll always be the worst and best at being me. No matter what I do.
Austria's the worst at not being Germany
Greece is the worst at not being in debt
As a Czech, I must ask: why is that a problem?
Not now peru has it with the smae rate
You explanation for Kazakhstan make no sense when you don't include Turkey in that calculation.  When Istanbul is literally in Europe geographically speaking. You even included Armenia and Azerbaijan.  Lol kinda funny.
glad you put kosovo
Austrian here, pretty sure we have the highest amount of underage drinking
I mean, Vienna has been voted the most livable city a couple of years in a row now, but it's also been named as the least welcoming to expats
"Estonia least religious country in the world"   Damn now I wanna live there
7:53 what happened to sardinia
Since when Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakstan are in Europe and Turkey isn't ?
420 Iceland
5:31 France has border disputes with Madagascar, Comoros, Mauritius, Vanuatu, Italy, the Netherlands and What?
I believe that 3↑3 = 3^3 = 3*3*3 = 27 3↑↑3 = 3↑(3↑3) = 3^27 = 7.6*10¹² 3↑↑↑3 = 3↑↑(3↑↑3) = 3↑↑7.6*10¹² If every 3 is 2cm tall then it would stretch from the Earth to the Sun this can be called The Sun Tower 3↑↑↑↑3 = 3↑↑↑(3↑↑↑3) = g1 Btw this is already getting way too big just by adding 1 uparrow
1 LY = (1*10¹³) km Length of known universe = (9.3*10¹⁰) ly (9.3*10¹⁰) * (1*10¹³) = (9.3*10²³) km   (9.3*10²³)³ = (9.3*10²³) * (9.3*10²³) * (9.3*10²³) = (8.04357*10⁷¹) km³ or (8.04357*10⁸⁰) m³ or (8.04357*10⁸⁹) mm³ or (8.04357*10⁹⁸) μm³  Volume of known universe = (8.04357*10⁷¹) km³ (8.04357*10⁸⁰) m³ (8.04357*10⁸⁹) mm³ (8.04357*10⁹⁸) μm³  Speed = Distance/ Time Time = Distance/ Speed Distance = Speed × Time
Dubai Creek Tower = 1,345m Jeddah Tower = 1,000m Burj Khalifa = 828m Tokyo Skytree = 634m Shanghai Tower = 632m Makkah Royal Clock Tower = 601m One World Trade Center = 541m CTF Finance Centre = 530m China Zun = 528m Willis Tower = 520m Central Park Tower = 472m Lakhta Center = 462m Empire State Building = 443m Diamond Tower = 432m Eiffel Tower = 324m Shard = 310m T.Op Torre 1* = 305m Torre KOI = 279m Commerzbank Tower = 259m Torre Reforma = 246m Great Pyramids of Giza = 139m  Top 20 Tallest Buildings in the World # / Building / Year / Country / Height 1. Burj khalifa. 2009. UAE. 828m 2. Shanghai. 2014. China. 632m      Tower 3. Makkah Royal. 2011. Saudi Arabia. 601m      Clock Tower 4. Ping An. 2017. China. 599m      Finance Tower  5. Lotte. 2016. South Korea. 555m     World Tower 6. One World. 2014. USA. 541m     Trade Center 7. Guangzhou. 2016. China. 530m      Chow Tai Fook       Finance Centre  8. Tainjin Chow. 2018. China. 530m     Tai Fook       Finance Centre  9. China Zun. 2018. China. 524m 10. Taipei 101. 2004. Taiwan. 510m 11. Shanghai World. 2008. China. 492m        Finance Center 12. International. 2010. Hong Kong. 484m        Commerce Center 13. Lakhta Center. 2019. Russia. 462m 14. Landmark 81. 2018. Vietnam. 461m 15. Changsha IFS. 2017. China. 452m        Tower T1 16. Petronas. 1996. Malaysia. 452m        Twin Towers 17. Zifeng Tower. 2010. China. 450m 18. Suzhou. 2019. China. 445m        International Finance Square  19. The exchange. 2019. Malaysia. 445m       106 20. Guangzhou. 2010. China. 439m        International Finance Tower
Russia, Pakistan, North Korea, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Iran, Iraq and Syria would support China  USA, Afghanistan, South Korea, Western Europe, Japan, Australia would support India  DEFCON 5 is peaceful DEFCON 4 is aware DEFCON 3 is altered DEFCON 2 is mobilized DEFCON 1 is nuclear war
Googol: 10^100 GarGoogol: 10^200 GoogolDing: 10^500 GoogolChime: 10^1,000 GuppyToll: 10^2,000 GoogolBell: 10^5,000 GoogolToll: 10^10,000 GuppyGong: 10^20,000 GogolGong: 10^50,000 GoogolGong: 10^100,000 GoogolBar: 10^250,000 Maximus Million: 10^1,000,000 Goospolplex: 10^10,000,000 GuppyBong: 10^20,000,000 GogolBong: 10^50,000,000 GoogolBong: 10^100,000,000 Maximus Billion: 10^1,000,000,000  Operation Level 0. Counting up (+1) Level 1. Addition (+) Level 2. Multiplication (×) Level 3. Exponential (↑) Level 4. Tetration (↑↑) Level 5. Penetration (↑↑↑)  Inverse Level 0. Counting down (-1) Level 1. Subtraction (-) Level 2. Division (÷) Level 3. Roots (√) Level 4. Super Roots (√√) Level 5. Mega Roots (√√√)
Top 10 hardest countries (world) invade 1. USA - militarized 2. Japan - island 3. China - well trained 4. Russia - winter 5. Canada - winters 6. Israel - though as hell 7. Great Britain - island 8. North Korea - nukes 9. Australia - deserted 10. Iran - fortressed  Top 10 strongest countries (world) PIndxR 1. USA 0.0857 2. Russia 0.0929 3. China 0.0945 4. India 0.1593 5. France 0.1914 6. UK 0.2131 7. Japan 0.2137 8. Turkey 0.2491 9. Germany 0.2609 10. Egypt 0.2676  Top 10 richest countries (world) GDP 1. USA $21.44 t 2. China $14.14 t 3. Japan $5.15 t 4. Germany $3.86 t 5. India $2.94 t 6. UK $2.83 t 7. France $2.71 t 8. Italy $1.99 t 9. Brazil $1.85 t 10. Canada $1.73 t  Top 10 populated countries (world) m (2020) 1. China 1440m 2. India 1380m 3. USA 331m 4. Indonesia 274m 5. Pakistan 221m 6. Brazil 213m 7. Nigeria 206m 8. Bangladesh 165m 9. Russia 146m 10. Mexico 129m  Top 10 biggest countries (world) km^2 1. Russia 17,098,242 km^2 2. Canada 9,984,670 km^2 3. USA 9,833,517 km^2 4. China 9,596,961 km^2 5. Brazil 8,515,767 km^2 6. Australia 7,692,024 km^2 7. India 3,287,263 km^2 8. Argentina	2,780,400 km^2 9. Kazakhstan	2,724,900 km^2 10. Algeria	 2,381,741 km^2
lol how is not beeing diversitised a default ?
Estonia, least religious. Wait what thats a good thing
*coughs* why is the UK highlighted in the thumbnail?
😢Finland: Highest rate of depression in Europe. 😀Also Finland: Happiest country in the world High quality medications exist for depression, that's why Finland is the happiest country 💊💊💊🌿🌿🌿🥃🥃🥃
no one talking about he has asian countrys included in here?
Austria is pretty bad at staying with their German Brothers
England: Football penalty shoot-outs
Austria has the worst military track record in all of europe
England???
Not sure, but if your figures on Andorran smoking is based on cigarette sales rather than doctors reports etc, its wirth remembering that as a tax haven cigarettes cost very little there and its in the schengen area so like 95% of them will be being baught cheap there to be sold elsewhere.  On that basis the peopke of Panama must be the most responsible savers in the world haha
You don't even have the greek islands that greece has highlighted correctly
Mmmm isle of man you forgot
4:38 if that isn't a win i don't know what is
The 350000 Asylum Seekers are also included if they live in temporary accommodation  6.6% of the population consumes cannabis regularly.[3] That number is commonly believed to be 18.3% due to data confusion; 18.3% is the number of Icelanders who consume cannabis regularly out of the subset of the population who has ever consumed cannabis.[3]
Least religious country in the world is positive in my eyes
Estonia? So why is the second fact about it, a bad thing, in your opinion?
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
i read the title as "why every county in europe is worst"
5:00 That's a good thing I think
Italy is worst at annexing Greece. France is worst at covering the Ardennes forest. Germany is worst at winning world wars that they started. Greece is worst at paying debt. Russia is worst at keeping the glorious Soviet Union alive. United kingdom is worst at not colonizing a nation for 5 seconds.
I'd say being the least culturally diverse country is a good thing
Since when not having McDonald's and being not religious is considered a bad thing?
Austria is the worst at having citizens locking up their other fellow citizens as slaves in their cellars for decades.
I’m from Cyprus so you’ll never see this comment. Also don’t forget land occupied by the UK!
Austrians are almost always in a bad mood and not very open minded or easy going. Also, racial and ethnic diversity are low. So I think Austria is worst at these 2 things.
"Least religious country in the world" That's hardly a bad thing though is it?
Yeah, we austrians are just the best!
Azerbaijan: lowest freedom of the press Belarus: least democratic  *russian anthem intensifies*
As a danish person I can confirm
Austria has worst art schools.
RLL, Belgium doesn't have the highest COVID fatality rate in the world. Yemen has.  In Yemen, 1 in 4 people who have caught COVID 19 there have died, out of 2000 cases there, more than 500 have died.    Just a correction
Estonia is the least religious country in the world. What's wrong with not having religion?
Im from Denmark ... I dont see it as problem. Bye.
Intetesting fact video.  Just one thing..Dude! Title of video says what Is the worst thing in Europe on these countries. But in Czechia - most drinked Beer for head- I don't see it as bad thing really, Its the same as Cannabis And Island.   Thanx for good video
This video only made me curious about why each country is the worst at whatever they’re worst at....  ....awww poor Croatia has low railroad utilization 😢😢🙄
i’m waiting for an american to make a joke about britain even tho it’s not in europe anymore because they’re that smart
Kosovo is worst at existing
Why is Estonia being irreligious bad?
a video made by idiots for idiots. F* PC.
Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Armenia in Europe but Turkey isn't? Basically Everywhere around Turkey is EU? LOL, what a rétarded channel.
4:32 HEY that's a good thing! Beer is healthy xD
you didn't include northern ireland :(  its technically part of ireland soooo
the worst internet in europe is australia’s average internet
Germany:      *Patriotism*
Albania is not EU its still in the  process of becoming a member of the EU but its is still NOT EU. get your facts correct naming so many stuff as a eurpean country which is fucking not in europe i report this video for false information.
Wait how is Estonia having a high amount of non religious people a bad thing?
Belarus doesn't have slaves xd
how tf is azerbajdzjan and armenia in europe?
wait.... how is italy the least culturally diverse country in europe? That can't possibly be.
you should stop because you have 0.0 clue what you are talking about. go make vids for trump if you wanna post fake numbers.
Cyprus slowest internet. Germany am I a joke to you I live 5km from big city , have best and most expensive internet you can get connection and speed is 1,2mbit/s
Still nobody will convince me and I say Kazakhstan, the Caucasus and such aren’t in Europe even remotely.
Iceland’s problem is actually a positive, but Czech beer drinking is bad? Wow like really?
Belgium is also worst at having a government
How about things countries are good at?
As a bulgarian, this is sad ngl
I thought it said 'every country in Europe is the worst go to North America it's better'  No. I'm happy in Europe. Go to Asia then.
No the worst problem of italy is the government
Why is Cyprus a country instead of Greek and Turkish occupation
Being from Belgium I must admit we have many, many, many problems but the Covid-19 mortality rate ain't one of them. At gouvernment level we have an overachieving _medical expert_ that counts all deaths that cannot be clarified as a Covid-19 case. I'm pretty sure the mortality rate at some other counties is a lot higher, but they have the intelligence to not report everything.
6:59 28% actually
you forgot germany for failing to take over the world twice and for belgium being invaded by germany twice
Kosovo isn't a country but ok.
How is the Estonian religious statistic bad? Also, not to get all butthurt, but the Belgian Covid-19 thing is wrong. This is partly the government's fault: they're overcounting deaths by Covid. People who pass in the hospital due to other reasons also get counted for some reason.
Um Britain??
1:54 missing Azerbaijan land ( exclave)
Not having a McDonald's isn't really a bad thing.
Denmark has the worst taxrate
Low vehicle ownership could be a good thing.
The reason Belgium has the highest mortality rate of Covid-19 is just due to their stupid way of counting deaths. Every death in a retirment home is immediatly assumed to be a covid related death, bringing the numbers out of proportion
Cyprus still has better internet then me! 🤣🤣🤣
ayy Slovenian gang wya
as a dane, i can confirm
5:00 How is that something country is worst at? Thats good news.
What do you mean by "worst" lol.
Belgium also was the only country which counted its suspected non-tested corona deaths in the statistic of mortalities.
Yeah, I kinda knew what was coming  for Czechia 😑
The worst thing Austria is at is not starting world wars
What about England?
I thought that Ukraine would've had a higher cancer rate than Ireland because of the elevated radiation levels
Since when is Kazakhstan part of Europe?
How is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? I understand you probably meant they are bad at being religious still ,this point stood out for me.
You're missing a few greek islands on the map like Lesbos, Rhodes, etc.
Austria is the worst at being non-Austrian
Do a "Worst At" for South American and African countries
5:25 That could be explained by Finland having the highest rate of people with the medical condition depression, including those who've managed it quite well. Because you can be in a shitty or mediocre place without having to have depression. So both extremes are more common in Finland. Or because of Finland has pretty good healthcare, a higher portion of people with depression are diagnosed.
The one about Iceland consuming the most cannabis was a statistical error, from Wikipedia: “6.6% of the population consumes cannabis regularly. That number is commonly believed to be 18.3% due to data confusion; 18.3% is the number of Icelanders who consume cannabis regularly out of the subset of the population who has ever consumed cannabis.”
I guess Armenia and Azerbaijan are the worst of them all in actually being part of Europe.
Kazakhstan is NOT European
*says Greece has the worst debt crisis in Europe* *ppl in comments angry that they don't give to charity*
Facts : u only looked at your country non other
Well i think you should have put our school system in the list... since there is "hauptschule" and "Gymnasium" which is the worst on us since we get grouped in them and just live with it...
8:49 what about Transnistria?
being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?
8:42 Sorry that place is Serbia.
Hitler came from Austria
Highest Homeless rate in Europe is in Germany? The most People working sure. Only 3% in Germany have not a Job. WTF 🤔
I'd argue that being the least religious country is rather being best at something than being worst
why is not being religious bad?
8% of land here in Cyprus you could basicaly die for...litteraly...
pls do on asia
Armenia and Azerbaijan is in Europe? Da faq
how is "the least religious country in the world" a bad example
4:12 I always new my country’s internet sucked and none believed me but now I got proof
I be flexin with my diploma in italy
7:48 So Sardinia is no more Italy?
Belarus is pronounced Bell-a-roos
Why is not being religious a bad thing
04:32 Czechia: I was interested to see what is bad about my country...and you showed what is best about my country:-)
Austria: *being part of germany*
Why should least religious be bad?  I mean religion has its pros and cons
Kosovo is part of Serbia
You literally ignored Israel, shame a channel this size lets politics to get into his videos. Disgrace
in finland it's genetics, in any country or region where finns or uyghurs live, suicide rates are high. comes from a human biology student
Underage Smokin in Europe is very high in most countries specially germany, Uk and Russia
a little note about your Belgium fact: we also count suspected covid-19 deaths as covid-19 deaths. Only after the first wave better procedures and time made more precise counting possible.   If you would look at the expected death rate of other years and overlay them with this year there is a different picture. many countries have a excessive death count even after doing this (so or those countries suddenly became more deathly or they counted the covid-19 deaths not fully accurate). If you do this for Belgium there are less 'normal' deaths than there should been. => so: Belgium became suddenly more healthy; or some of those deaths where not actually covid-19; or we counted right(some people who where going to die this year will have got a push from sars-cov-2) and are now considered worse than others because they counted different.
OI! WE TAKE PRIDE IN OUR BEER CONSUMPTION! *czechia noises*
Germany might not be the worst at either, but we also got slow internet and the 3rd oldest population in the world. Oh and for the longest time we were pretty high up on the percentage of unavailable youtube videos.
Austria would be the worst at keeping the dictators it creates.
Italy also has a very high rate of underage smokers, and I ain't proud to be part of it... 5 out of 10 people start smoking as soon as they get to high school
Nice there are country who aren't even Europe xd
If Azerbaijans in Europe then Colombia's in North America
Kosovo is not a country
To be honest Ireland is the best country to stay in its very safe  Im born in Ireland I'm in here for my whole life loads of nice shopping and fun things 🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪  Go on holidays :D  Covid:am I a joke to you!  But still comeeeeeeee  🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🤟🤟🏿🤟🏻🤟🏾🤟🏽🤟🏼
0:36- Albania 0:58 Andorra 1:25 - Armenia 1:37 - Austria 1:45 - Azerbaijan 2:05 - Belarus 3:03 - Belgium 3:20 - Bosnia & Herzegovina 3:33 - Bulgaria 3:58 - Croatia 4:08 - Cyprus 4:32 - Czechia 4:42 - Denmark 4:50 - Estonia 5:10 - Finland 5:28 - France 5:52 - Georgia 6:01 - Germany 6:24 - Greece 6:58 Hungary 7:07 - Iceland 7:35 - Ireland 7:46 - Italy 8:11 - Kazakhstan 8:42 - Kosovo
What is the audio in the background? Sounds dope ♥
Austria has very few strikes and demonstrations but I guess some other country (maybe Vatican City) is even lower in this respect.
6:52 Thats What Greece is
this list is kinda shitty, some stuff that is counted as bad may be seen as good by another person. Just an example of many flaws your list has.
when far countries in asia was in europe??????
UK is worst at quarantine XD
y yall miss a part of azerbaijan that us seperared by armenia because of stallin
Gotta move to Iceland then
europe ends in istanbul
My country begins with E and is not there
Austria is the worst at being the worst in anything
So why the crazy hell you didn't include Sardinia in Italy
Omg estonia, hell yea! less religious is always better! too bad they have the largest pay gap though
Can't be sad if you're dead
Why would being the world's least religious country be bad thing?
watching while baked
The thing about Belgium and covid isn't really true since Belgium just counts differently. (people that died who aren't confirmed but had one of the symptoms were counted as a covid death since there weren't enough tests.+ dead people didn't get tested). With excess deaths during these months belgium is by far not the worst country
I am from Austria.  People saying we started both World Wars is so weird to me, because we are talking about current Problems and its not really true that we started both...
Pingas
Italy is the least culturally diverse? I suppose this means they dont have enough non-Europeans or something. I'm not Italian, but if any Italian would like to correct what im about to say, go ahead. I feel as if Italy's regions are all very diverse. Just for starters, there is (maybe was?) a cultural divide between the North and the South. And I'm not even getting started on Sicily. Furthermore it seems like each region's cuisine can vary greatly. I mean just look at Italy's history, they havent even been united for very long. This stat just seems like some globalist bullshit.
Speculations, no facts include in the video
Italy is the least culture deverse countrybin Europe well Venice Naples Sardinia Scilly do not agree
fuck yeah we aint worst at anything (im slovenian)
5:35 Switzerland do be lookin kinda mad doe
Belarus abolished the death penalty in 2017
How is Azerbaijan part of Europe
Belarus is Based. Literally the first thing on the list makes them cooler then every other white country on the continent. Then you hit me with the awesome authoritarian goverment and the fact that they pound down more brews then anyone. How can you not love this
In case you ask yourself why Spain doesn't recognize Kosovo as a country, it's mainly because its similarities with the catalonian and basque country's independece movememts
How is Italy the least culturally diverse? The culture varies by region. (Food, traditions, dialects etc.) I mean, there is a big difference with the culture of Piemonte and the culture of Sicily for example. It would have been good if you said what you meant with culturally different since to me, this doesn't really make sense. Also you forgot to show Sardinia and the isle of elba along with Italy and did the same with Corsica and France.
Do all English countries next!
Slovenia: Politics. They steal and eat and we give. Its basically a legal money washing stunt
04:33 that's a bad thing?  05:00 why is least religious country in the world a bad thing?   04:43 Danes tend to have small but tight/strong friendship circles. and it is really hard to become part of an already established circle. Danes also use the Word Friend much more exclusively.  as a dane that moved school a lot i can confirm that it is really hard to break into those Friendship circles
technically georgia armenia and azerbaijan aren’t european but ok
well if albania had mcdonald’s they would really need doctors lol
Why so many Greece's islands are black and not white It's like they belong to turkey. Be carefull with that
How is beening the least relegious contry in thr world a bad thing? And drinking beer aswell, they should be proud of that
I would say Austria is the best at accepting esylum seekers, closely followed by Germany while Turkey is the worst.
Estonia: Least religious country    ... So? What's bad about it?
OK, Azerbaijan is not in Europe.
Being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?
How exactly is Bulgaria the poorest country in EU, when u have countries like Belarus, Macedonia, Ukraine
The UK is worst at not swearing
Austria is the worst at having competent military leaders Conrad (Hotzendorf)
3:16 Belgium has a very lose way of counting Covid-19 deaths. There are a lot of unconfirmed cases which are just put onto the death toll. Which inflates our mortality rate.
Come on, that's not all of the europe countries
suddenly feels better being austrian :))
What is Austria worst at? Well Austria gave us Hitler...
I found Austrian little racist with all type of  immigrants
Estonia: least religious country in Europe.  Why would it be a bad thing ?
What’s wrong with Estonia being the least religious country?
Isn't least religious country a good thing?
Austria is the worst at wars.
I guess that austira is the worst at being bad.
I'd say Iceland has the lowest volume of rail at 0%. We don't have any railways
You forgot Slovakia, Moldova, Poland, Spain, Portugal, Malta, UK, Ukraine, Lithuania, Latvia, north Macedonia, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Liechtenstein...
Yeah Belgium dosent have that many deaths compared to the us
Really sad that people leave the beautiful nature and culture of Bulgaria for money because we are poor. Im sure in a few more decades most of bulgarians will be in foreign countries.
i like that the thumbnail . the shitturd is at germany xD
Sad to say, but per-capita Austria produced the most Hitlers...
Now I Understand Why Nobody Wants To Be My Friend In Denmark
France sadly has the biggest concentration of @LexGo in the world
Turkey has least freedom of the press and northern cyprus is least recognized country of europe
Well the Finnland one makes sense to me. If you have a society which takes mental health seriously they are going to be more happy and more people with depression will come forward.  It's not the absolute highest rate of depression, but the highest rate of diagnosed depression, which is a big difference.
Hungary: highest tax in europe Turkey: you are just an amateur...
you forgot to give italy sardinia, elba, and many other islands GRRRR
Austria is flawless, except one of its citizens who almost destroyed the world ;)
So basically czechia is the best in beer consumption..
Lack of linguistic diversity is not a bad thing
Austria is the worst at starting world wars losing and then blaming it on germany
The graphic at around 2:03 is incorrect for the borders of Azerbaijan are not correct, as it's missing the exclave that is separated by Armenia, nor does it take account for the disputed territories. At 7:52 Italy's shown borders need to also include Sardinia, the bottom island of the two (with the other belonging to France, incorrect at 5:31).
damn, gotta move to Iceland. how the hell is that a bad thing
Estonia'a atheist percentage is actually a good thing because religion is a source of conflict
How is Italy the least culturally diverse country in Europe?   Until the advent of television barely anybody could even understand italian in Italy. Even now there are massive differences between regions (in cuisine, language, traditions, economy, attitude, costumes, society, climate etc.) and lots of historic minorities in many places (slovenes, germans, ladins, catalans, occitans, albanians, greeks, cimbrians etc.)  After all it has been united for less than 200 years and there are separatist movements/autonomist movements almost everywhere because very few people feel that they are the same people as those on the opposite side of the peninsula.  What were the parameters used to reach that odd conclusion? I can believe that there can be more diverse countries, especially big ones like Russia or ones that had a colonial empire, but how can countries like San Marino, Austria or Slovakia be considered more culturally diverse?
Man i think you need cancel Andorra tobacco problem. Only problem is that tobacco there is twice cheaper than France and little cheaper than Spain.
As a Czech, I see us as winners
based estonia
Estonia: largest gender wage Cap. Me: yea ur right
No but why is the exclave of azerbai not glowin'?
He said the least democratic country in the world like thats a bad thing....wish America was the least democratic country in the world....we would be frigging amazing if that was true. Being democratic is NOT a positive thing. Its literally equal to being pedophilic. Democrats are the reason our world the entire WORLD is shit right now.....so I as well as other common sense having individuals consider being least democratic is AMAZING.
Iceland having the worst cannabis consumption is greatest thing I could’ve seen today
very interesting  facts, thank u
How is Estonia's lack 9f religion banned?
Me as a slovenian😫😫
142 litters per year? I drink 10 litters per year and my parents even less. I don't know who drink beer so frekvently.
Can u pls 😢 say about Asia 🌏 plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Finnland is worst at not starting world wars
There should be a video: "What the USA is bad at" EVERYTHING
being the least religious is worst? i think it's positive because then science can take over and we can stop fighting over who has the ''real god''
Lowest vehicle ownership is not bad. In fact, high vehicle ownership is a huge problem.
Austria - Australia Same goes for Slovenia
Cyprus is controlled by t mobile
Greece is considered not generous yet they sent boats and planes to lebanon and syria for people in need
I would say that Austria is the worst when it comes to having things that they're the worst at, but they're tied with Slovenia, so they don't even get that.
If you look at language, Italy is the country with most independent languages across North South, sardina ecc.... + the greatest infinity of dialects.... I don't know how the least cultural difference was decided. I have seen a lot more correspondance in Germany across its regions. Go to upper adige(south Tirol), compare it with Milan, then compare it with Rome, compare it with Napoli, Palermo Lampedusa, Sardinia..... I don't know what is intended with culture.... Have you seen the Germans, Dutch, and others....what did you tmdo there you included migrants diversity(only Germany superated Italy on migrants, and only when it was convenient to them then they stopped again).....how did you calculate immense cultural diversity there? You calculated the PlattGermans, who died out in terms of speaking that language, to make Northern Germany, the New place of perfect German, when the 'high' German, actually originates in the South, historically, contrarily to today's tendecy....but I don't know how you calculated the cultural difference.....perhaps you made us less different for a Nationalism that is strong, eventhough the history of our nation, and the central and especially the southern invasion, is a history of how the poorest Italian member, has destroyed the souths economy(in many moments third for various developments after England and France) , and with the English (and less also French), money, Garibaldi and Piedmont were financed for the Italian unification (Piedmont poorest country), and unified Italy for Europe, and destroyed probably for deals, southern Italy's economy, without even recorresponding it immediately to a North growth.... (after 1860 Southerners went to the America's, only afterww2 north became G8-worth trough work and labor of all Italians also moving there) and Piedmont used the great money 2/3 of all the money put together by the south, to pay back debts to the French and the English, who'll take the Mediterranean as first dish, to continue with Asia and Africa, even long after ww2. That of London against Naples its boats everywhere and financing of Garibaldi coming from south, (at great extent also france near to Piedmont in the descent trough the center) was the start and peak of racism against Naples from London and Milan(it would end from the first of the 2 after less than a century) and the south, before was the place where the northerners were coming....South.... to work, where there had been first train first boat of vapor... (primati del regno delle 2 sicilie(write that on YouTube you ll see the infity of advances of southern Italy before 1860))....but definitely, there is an infinity cultural difference in Italy, just think that the northernmost point is a stuck extending into Austria, if we don't consider the small canton of Lugano(Swiss), and the southernmost is the Lampedusa Island, more than 200km futhersouth than Tunis, just as a great deal of Sicily, and the tips of the shoe, lie at the level, and southern Sicily - below- the whole Maghrebi coast..... I do not know how you calculated that most sicerly....  Apulia has been, together with Calabria and some -other parts- of the South, experiencing, the presence trough the last 500 or more years, of Great communities of socalled colonies but they were just ancient migrants thus they have indipendent languages,(in the north there is ladin, dating back to pre-roman-language(even is in its language origin group) the harbresch(ancient albanese) across Campania and other southern regions, different types of ancient (more ancient but not the famous dead language either) Greek language in Apulia, Calabria and Campania, also Gallic-french from the Norman's in Sicily, and a kind of Friulan and Gaelic in Calabria....further north, even a serbo-croat ancient community, is somewhere.....thus.....I really don't understand.....how this evaluation was done.....thinking of a natural eventhough we know - hard and often fatigueous- STRONG NATIONALISM, that we have had for an infinity of reasons, That shows of as a sorry to say (betrayful-)togetherness-effect....that is just not at all the case for almost anything, except Natil team(and even there many northerners who share the leganors feelings don't feel Italaian, and some neapolitans are for Argentina, for the historical truth, that recounts how much the north has brought down the south and created in it many problems, through systems of territorial control, that are at the basis of much of mafias, growth and spreading, even of it's real-birth in some cases.....I'd like to know where Germany is more diverse.....it just doesn't make any sense...... Baahh.....
Austria is technically the worst at being bad at something in Europe
No subs, no view
“Greece is ranked as the least generous nation in Europe.”  No wonder, since nobody trusts gifts from them.
A low vehicle ownership rate is bad?
The UK is bad at trying to be connected with the rest of europe
Austria ist best in everything ;D
Why Sardinia is not included in Italy?
Slovenia has worst border control pass its like your grand children retire and you pass finally free
You forgot Sardinia in Italy, and Corsica in France :)
estonia least religious country ? How that's a bad thing ?
What each country in Europe is worst at...  Czechia... drinks the most beer. Not sure that’s being the worst at anything.
I'm proud to be Czech then!
Apart from the invaded and occupied by the Turks since 1974 northern region of Cyprus and the United Nations ''buffer'' zone between the occupied and the free southern region, there are also two more occupied areas, both located in the south : The British military bases of Akrotiri and Dhekelia : Both are considered ''UK territory''.
Gender pay gap isn’t a bad thing is it?
Lat time i checked Armenia and Azerbaijan were not part of Europe
Its new to me that azerbaijan ist in europe
How is least religious country a bad thing?
Belarus most authoritarian? Putin called, wants his title back
Aremenia, Aserbaijan are Asia, not europe
Poland & Hungary - democracy
Andorra has almost cero tax on tobacco so spanish and french who live nearby go there to buy it.   Sooooo not that bad of a smoking problem.
Finland makes sense. As someone with a bunch of Finnish heritage/relatives, I can confirm we’re bipolar asf
[Estonia] WTF being the least religious is not a bad thing .
What do you mean by that is hard to make friends in Denmark. Everyone has at least like 10 friends
You're making Croatia sound pretty good in comparison :D
as an albanian we don't welcome mcdonalds here
I see literally nothing wrong with Belarus.
2:10 I thought I was about to get rickrolled
Belgium’s high corona mortality has also to do with how we count them, any person suspected to have had corona when dying is counted, sometimes these people didn’t have it and just had the flu and other times they actually died because of other causes, germany for instance only counts per that died while testing positive with a test
7:00 Yo Frans Liszt did not get a cheap piano guys
Albania has the lowest number of obese people
About the doctors in Albania,everyone who could leave went to Germany,the only one who stayed are the most uneducated and corrupted one.
Finland sounds like the incarnation of that "when people ask who, but not how you are" meme
Austria is the best at starting at world wars but it's the worst at getting known for them
Why was least religious country listed as a bad thing? Seems like that should go under what it's best at
Can you stop adding your brainlet ideology into these videos? Try to be objective, not subjective — just because people disagree with you and your little western bubble doesn't mean it should be in lists like this.
I still have to ear what Estonia does worst
The Autonomous Kingdom of Lake Garda.
Austria has the highest rate of smokers
So this guy includes Khazakstan in a Europe video but not Russia even though it’s the largest European country not including it’s Asian land?
Why did you count Arminian as a European country?
People playing online games in Cyprus: I swear this guy is at least thrice as fast as me! People playing online games in Norway: *laughs in fast internet*
Armenia being like, Europe Cyprus being like, Europe Turkey not even geographically considered to be in Europe to the East of Bosphorus That just seems like bad geography to me.
I Living in Danmark
Being militarized is not bad
Someone needs to tell this guy what’s Europe and what isn’t.
Iceland having the highest consumption of cannabis in Europe, like it’s a bad thing
England- Worst at oral hygiene
I feel sad watching this video about the worst of each... and knowing that my country has it even worse in almost every category. Venezuela. - 2.14% of infant mortality (from 2018 data) - Least freedom of the press in the Americas (barely above Honduras) - No death penalty but lots of people "disappear" for opposing the dictatorship. And justice is not serve to criminals who often get release by bribing their way out even after atrocious acts. - Fatality rate of COVID-19 is at 0.8% but probably higher due to lack of verifiable sources, either way it is more than the Belgium rate from the video of 962/1M - We also had one of the biggest exodus in the world before the pandemic, overtaking the Syrian exodus, due to the critical situation and crisis. - Our internet speed is half of Cyprus at around 3.9MB... so yeah. - 3rd most violent country in the world, even without an official "war". Basically GTA. - Most corrupt country in the Americas, and top 13 in the world. - Benefits inequalities and political discrimination to control the population. The government only aids the % of the people that supports them, and even then, they do so by giving away something like 2$ per month. In turn you have to give your privacy, dignity, morality, etc. - LOL at Italy GPD... at least they have it positive. We have a negative growth since 2014.  I could go on about Venezuelan worst records, but it will gonna depress me. It really sucks being in a place that was once a paradise, with the best economic growth in the region, had the happiest people in the Guinness record... and then a communist, populist asshole took a hold and destroyed everything for generations to come.
italy's old buildings since millions years ago are depressing
So, what I can tell about Finland, it's the country with the most people suffering from bipolar disorder.
North Macedonia doesn’t have any Macdonalds either
Americans: EXCUSE ME???
nobody:  bosnia: *mines*
Austria- Hitler
5:02 How being the "least religious country in the world" a bad thing? Estonia is doing great!
Italy has so much culture that there's no room for any other lol
Your map is wrong Kosovo is Serbia and Krim is Russia
Hey wait a minute: Being the world's least religious country means that Estonia is the BEST at religion, not the worst.
I was going to say.. over the last 5 years, Germany has taken in soooo many refugees. I think that stat is a little misleading.
Azerbadjan in Europe? xD As much as Chile is in north america!
Isn't "Least religious country in the world" a positive quality?
Austria is bad in being cool never heard anybody saying they wanna live there for life
England?
Kazakhstan isn't part of Europe, it's a part of Asia.
Georgia isn't a part of Europe, it's a part of Asia.
Cyprus isn't part of Europe, it's a part of Asia.
Azerbaijan isn't part of Europe, it's a part of Asia.
Armenia isn't part of Europe, it's a part of Asia.
austria is the wost at leading an empire
as a guy who has made countless videos about stats you had to be too dumb not to suspect the high cigarette consumption in Andorra listed on wikipedia, worldindata etc. actually reflects high numbers of dutyfree cigarettes sold to foreigners. next time do ur research
I was so excited to see what Austria was worst at :(
Austrians-Worst mustached dictators  Slovenia-Worst First Ladies
Gender pay gap is a myth and being irreligious ain't bad. So Estonia wins👌
Hungary: *preparing for the worst* "Highest tax" and skips to Iceland. A huge load off my mind.
Austria has the worst accent
RealLifeLore: Czechia is worst at having highest beer consumption per capita.  Czechs: We are winning at something! For 26 years straight! We are the best! Hold my beer!
To be fair Andorra's high tobacco consumption is mostly due to spanish (and french to a lesser extent) buyers. The same phenomenon can be seen in Gibraltar.
As a Dane (denmark) im sad to say, we have the highest alkohol consumptions by teans, and highest suicide rate by medicin
Where is Turkey?
Finland: We have the happiest deppressed people.
Austria is worst at winning world wars
Fighting with Gemans and Germany.
Czechia: "highest beer consumption per capita"   It sounds to me like they are really good at drinking beer rather than being the worst  Edit: It also sounds like they're really good at smoking weed in Iceland lmfao
Since when is Azerbaijan in Europe
well well that homelessness in germany is a bit artificial. if ur a refugee who isnt registered well germany cant do anything about it, get registered and go into a refugee camp and u not homeless anymore ... as for germans ... no one in this country needs to be homeless. i have mentally handicapped in my family and i know people who has like ten thousends euro of debt and not a single day worked in their life ... and they all have a home as the state provides you with one. ... you need to give up all ur informations and its humiliating for alot of people but thats still a choice ...  if ur unemployed and out of money the state pays ur rent up to a max so u need to live in a very small flat of course but it will get paid, and if u refuse to take up jobs they WILL cut ur money u get every month but they wont cut the rent and also they can pay it directly so the money never gets to the person in the first place to be spend on anything else ... no one needs to live on the street here if they choose not to
I still son't know what's is the bad point of not having religion? Because I also don't have one.
Cypus : lowest internet speed 6.9  Entire world : Nice Turkey with worst speed : hold my beer
5:04 Isn't it a good thing though?
Andorra sounds like one of those star wars planets lmao
Belarus: highest consumption of pure alcohol, 1shot+ /day Moldova: hold my daily half-liter bottle of  52° homemade alcohol, a.k.a Tuica
Estonia is the least religious country in the world and that's a bad thing? Lol for me it's amazing
No McDonald's in Albania? Fucking based
Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan??  Not even partly in Europe, but OK
But Kazakhstan #1 potassium producer!
You forgot the Isle of Man
Dude out of all bad things about Albania you chose the ones that we call normal lmao..
andorra is kind of a tax haven and people used (and still are) buying cheaper tobacco like crazy. I guess that ia the reason.
Wtf do you mean? Czeks are the best at beer.
Iceland gets least amount of sunshine  Iceland :That's why my name starts with ice 😀
Where is the Netherlands pls
Armenia and Azerbaijan are definetly absolutely not in europe
The death penalty isn't bad fight me
How dare you include Kosovo as a country. They cannot leagally be one and they don’t deserve it either
Where my austria gang at💔🙋🏼‍♂️🙇‍♂️
Wtf was that Belgium one though? We used a more fair system to count COVID-19 deaths, deal with it.
so you didn't know Austria started WW1 and Hitler was Austrian who started war in Europe
Austria is the largest European country without a language to call its very own.
Italy whiteout Sardinia
Andorra has not a smoking problem and if there is one country in the World where practically everyone smokes it is Indonesia. It is just that you didn't do a good research. Cigarettes are cheap in Andorra, so there is a tourism for cigarettes there. ...and the list goes on and I can't watch that anymore, because there is so much bs in this video and the next one, too.
I've already had a feeling you wouldn't find anything Austria is worst at. Our country is so blessed it's insane.
I heard austrians are the worst at painting
Austria is bad a keeping multi ethnic empire together also bad at not having incest in their royal family
Estonia having the least amount of religious people isn't bad at all
if a country isnt the worst at anything,  arent they the worst at being worst???
How is not having a McDonalds a bad thing?
Also, for Ireland, we have the worst weather in Europe. (I live in Ireland and as a result, I have first hand experience. We very rarely have any weather except the dreaded _RAIN_ and _PERSISTENT CLOUDS COVERING THE ENTIRE SKY_ )
Belgium doesn't have the highest covid numbers. They count every death as a Corona Death. Even cancer, heart diseases...
How low cultural diversity may be a bad thing? Its awesome.
The uk is in europe
Cystic Fibrosis might be extremely high in Ireland, but there's not much you can do about genetics. On the plus side, we do have some of the best treatment in the world for it. Our cancer rates are due to comparatively high amounts of radon. It's a consequence of the island being bisected by an ancient faultline. Also, you have the obvious things like melanoma and lung cancer. At least the incidences of the former are in decline, but there's a good reason why we were the first country to bring in a smoking ban.
Azerbaijan isn’t even in Europe dude
Dude, it’s pronounced ‘slow-vee-nee-yuh’
reallifelore is just on a trend to shit on europe lmao
Is the Czehia really weakened?
You’re telling me The Borat isn’t culturally influential?
Austria is the worst at having Arch-Dukes murdered to ignite a World War.
Austria: worst at taking blame for world wars
2:12 sorry I'm an American but what's the problem with Belarus maintaining the death penalty
Q. Should she or it be used as a pronoun for a country?  A. Never use she to refer to a country. You’ll sound as if you either don’t know English or last studied it in 1950.  RealLifeLore: how bout i do anyway
I guess England isn't in Europe??
Austria is worst at blocking of their borders to anyone outside of EU without a 14 day quarantine effective until Sept 30,2020.  I had to cancel my 23 day trip through the alps from Switzerland into Austria, Germany, and Italy.  I will now stay home and travel to our Canadian Rockies instead.  I'll do the fall trip to the alps in 2021.
Czech republic has the highest beer consumption per capita - that means we are actually the BEST at drinking beer! (I´m doing my best) On that list I would rather expect the country which is WORST at drinking beer...
Austrians are worst at speaking udnerstandable german
Tbh, a lot of countries in Europe are under developed
Austria is the worst at football⚽️
Not being religious is the best thing!! Not the worst! What are you smoking!
yeah belgium got the most deads bcs the idiots diagnosis every elder dead as a covid 19 dead... hearth attack? YOU HAVE DIED FROM COVID 19! cancer? PROBLABLY COVID 19... idiots xp So in what is belgium the worst? making a governement xp
Belarus: We have literall slaves Finland: We are depressed af Croatia: We don't have that much railroad passengers
since when is religion supposed to be important? i say Good job Estonia!
@5:44  Hmmm, I am sure it has nothing to do with all those muslims there lol @6:08 ok.....I can't even pretend to make a joke there....it's just so obvious now lol
How is Kazakhstan in Europe turkey isn't in Europe so why is it???
Bruh you are really an idiot.. sorry but azerbejdjan and armenia are not in EUROPE BROOOOO u r making fun of yourself
Let's be honest, we started of by scrolling to our country 😁
"Albania is the only country in Europe to not have a McDonald's" - why would that be a bad thing about Albania? McDonald's is trash.
...... I had no idea Iceland was part of Europe
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
Austria has the worst track record of keeping an empire
-death penalty -worst bruh
5:26 Finland 🇫🇮 is actually actually not the happiest country because they’re not but they are very aggressive and the most aggressive country where is similar and very close to Russia 🇷🇺, Finland 🇫🇮 drink a lot of vodka too because of depression and because they are very aggressive too just like the neighbors, and someone is very close to the neighborhood very close to Finland 🇫🇮, 🙂😎✌️
4:50 Mo Denmark 🇩🇰 is not the hardest country to make friends in do you have to talk to people and see if you’ve got something in common maybe drink a beer or something funny enjoy your time together and spend some time with you closest friends and enjoy life and enjoy your life so that is actually not true and not right at all, what ever other people say about Denmark 🇩🇰 at all, 🙂😎✌️
I did not know that pay gap was worst in Estonia. But I can guarantee you, we always try to fix our problems.
most of worst things of Belarus wasn't even bad lol
You should do one of these for each American state and possibly each Canadian Providence
Bad geography and mostly idiotic facts without any check
Austria: Best at producing grudge filled painters
Hungary lost the most of it's core states. And high percents of hungarians are not in Hungary, not by will.
Wait Bulgaria is poorer than Greece? No way!
Of all European countries, Kazachstan is definitely the worst at being in Europe.
Slovenia and Austria masterrace confirmed
Austria is the worst at being German.
You can also argue that having the least religious people in Europe is something that should be consider positive
The turd in the thumbnail is directly on top of Poland and is about the same size in Poland
Being the least religious country is actually a positive thing
Why are you saying she to every country?
I am from Belgium😂😷
austria is the worst at accepting adolf hitler into art school, so tehnically they started both world wars
Concerning the Armenian passport, it's actually 29 countries and 62 countries with visa on arrival.
You didn't highlight that exclave thing of Azerbaijan  (Edit: Btw you did a good job on keeping Kashmir neutral tho)
Austria technically started both world wars and is also the most confused country to be Australia
Why is Czechia with beer on here...that's good thing they drink a lot of beer...at least people will not look at you weird if you need a beer early in a day
We’re britain
Austria's the worst at keeping a nation together
Well, belgium counts differently so it most likely does not have highest mortality rate
welcome to europe, azerbaijan. i don`t know how you managed it to.....arrive, but.....welcome
germany doesen't really count, it's the country in europe with the most population and also NOBODY has to be homeless, the ones in germany are to 50% voluntary homeless
Koreans envy Estonia. Because of second reason. If you are curious, find the news about Corona pandemic in Korea...
Cyprus still has a better connection than me. I get 1.5mb a sec if im lucky.
Belgium has a high corona mortality rate because of what they consider as a covid-death. Most countries don't count those deaths in the same way...
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world" how is that a bad thing?
Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan,  Kazakhstan, Turkey and Cyprus are not in Europe geographically about Andorra, they don't smoke that's much, just lots of tourist buy cigarettes there because is tax free zone, Kosovo is not country, is region of Serbia under albanian occupation, support by USA
European country's, making fun of Americans to be unhealthy, Indian's to poor, snailaetsaus to be upside down, now the turn tables
Wait, Armenia & Azerbaijan are part of Europe? I thought they were part of Asia?
1 year
As an Austrian, it's okay that this video does not contain our country, because that means we're not the worst at anything
As an Austrian I am not really disappointed that we aren't the worst at anything
When did armenia and georgia become considered part of europe?
Austria is worst at winning world wars
I lived 6 months in Hungary, best time of my life!!!  Greetings from Mexico
I'm form Belgium and it is true that we are hit the most with the covid in the EU
You really brought in the "Gender Paygap" which was disproven thousands of times now; now I cant take you serious anymore xD
Austria is bad at keeping its empire together
Netherlands?
So Estonia is best at religion then
Andorra has a high rate of smoking because people from neighbouring countries buy it there - it's not taxed as heavily as Spain and France
Most countries that he is talking about are not in Europe
4:08 please I'm begging you if you want to become a pro fortnite player don't live in Cyprus..
I am from belgium and the corona fact about it should be taken with a grain of salt yes we do have a lot af corona deaths but the goverment(or lack there of) choses to count the deaths in ritirement homes wich lots of countries dont (like the nederlands) and when someone dies of normal couses they are quick to say it was corona even tho they were tested negative (this happend to my grandma ) hope this clears things up
How exactly being less religious is being  worst at something? It is rather having highest rate of common sense.
Living in The Faroe Islands (A northern european country) we've also never had a MCDonalds (cuz we're too small)
Croatia??
You included the Caucasus in your list but not on the map in your thumbnail.
Austria is bad at not giving foreign drivers tickets. 6:06 WHAT? I thought that would go to Hungary but apparently not...
Austria is worst to not be confused with Australia
Where exactly is the problem with Czechia?
Belgium is the ABSOLUTE worst at making a government.
Austria had the worst guy called Adolf in the world
Belgium counts suspected deaths from COVID-19 in total deaths which inflates the number of deaths
Have you tried Czech beer? There’s a reason they drink so much of it!
How Estonia's atheism being negative?
Im so glad that Estonia is most unreligious country in the world because we don't need religion becasue religion basicly ruined our country
I mean....is weed rly that bad?
Czech Republic, not Czechia, for god's sake
Estonia: Want to become nordic
Russia: the most *V O D K A* country
How is low religiosity of Estonia a bad thing? It would make sense if it was lowest list but this is a worst list so that implies that not being religious is bad. It's either neutral or a good thing.
Give me subtitle please
Equality doesn’t exist  End of story
Kosovo is Serbia, change map! 🇷🇸
Austria is worst at finding something they’re worst at
France : *THE GOVERNMENT*
Austria are the worst at attacking Serbia during WW1
I can't see what is the problem in being the country which consumes more beer.
Caucasian countries in Europe? I think you get the prize for the worst at geography
I support death penalty so for me, that is not a drawback or Belarus
I'm austrian and we might be the worst at not starting world wars....
Austria never won any world wars.
Least religios is not bad, for a modern country its important
Watch this video at 2x speed, it's seems too funny
As a Dutchman (Netherlands) i feel ashamed to be part of this thing called Europe after seeing this video.
underage smokers in serbia at least 10%. so wrong fact about kazahstan
0:44 so that's considered bad? hahaha
What's wrong about drinking most beer? We invented it, made it with vitamins, it's supplement for bread and water...
If the cows are prettier that women, you know you're in Austria.
How is the least religious country on the world  a bad thing? Biggest casualties in the world is due to religion...
Least religious isn't a bad thing, it's technically a good thing!
Kosovo isn't a country lol.
5:00 “Estonia is the least religious country in the world” I would count that as an advantage bro.
Austria: the worst at being the worst at something
in the next part you mentioned turkey is least free press. so is it azerbaijan or turkey? also coming from russia i would argue russia has least free press as any media of significance (except internet) is controlled by state
Lmao happy to be from Austria rn
Not even one mcdonald is not a bad thing tho.
4:35 149 litres per year is the highest? That's only a little over 1 beer per day, or about 8 per weekend, which doesn't seem like all that much. Part of me wonders just how much alcohol consumption is under-reported and under-represented.
RealLifeLore: Finland is also the Happiest Country in the world  Me: sees the title Also Me: well f**k
Expected to see Russia here since part of it also counts for Europe from Kaliningrad to Ural Mons
Austria has started most world wars in europe
6.6 mbs pathetic I get 2 or 4 worth a lan
Albania not having macdonalds is an achivment bravo to them for not allowing americans to sell them poison
Cyprus: slowest wifi speed    We should not say blm as much and CYPRUS LIVES MATTER THE INTERNET IS MY LIFE
Austria: trying to keep an empire with so many different cultures.
Austria are the best at starting world wars
Only 1200 hours of sunshine per year in Iceland? Pretty bad, but Macquarie Island (an unpopulated external territory of Australia) is even worse at only 800 hours of sunshine per year. Being about 50 degrees south and located in the middle of the Southern Ocean with no land for thousands of kilometres around is a major factor in that. You can see some of the island's plants at the botanical gardens in Hobart, which live in a specially refrigerated greenhouse to replicate their natural cold and damp habitat.
I'm going to iceland
They don’t make Toyota corrolas
The reason why finland has the highest rate of depression and happiness is because happiness rankings dont actually value happiness, they instead take into account economic and social measures which affect happiness but aren't a good way to truly measure it.
For me Georgia's worst at is losing a lot of population after the dissolved of the Soviet Union they lose 31% of their population.
What is bad about being the least religious country?? Less religion is a sign that a country is doing well
You forgot to say that Belgium has the worst political system in the world.
Resuming: Finland has the biggest bipolar rate
Well I can agree with Austria because..     There are so many things to chose you just could not decide 😂
There sure are a lot of non-European nations on here.
Ive started to think that Finnish people are so humble they wont actually admit being sad, thats why its so happy. Depression is measured by doctors but even the depressed people cant admit being depressed. At least I wouldnt tell my feelings as a Finn.
Whoops you forgot to include a territory of Azerbaijan that is cutted off by Armenia
Austria is worst at being an empire
Kazachstan is not in Europe, it's in Asia.
Austria is the worse at uniting Germany
Austria is worst at invading russia
Living in kosovo without a job here ✌️✌️
Wouldn't Estonia's least religious country be what it's best at
Austria is the worst at protecting their arch-dukes.
Wheres England
never expected italy to be the least culturally diverse country
5:18 I think there is a suicide problem in Finland
The highest rate of indifference to religion is obviously sign of progressiveness in Estonia. It shows they're ahead of the curve in the gradual secularisation going on across the world. Saying it's something they are the worst at makes the channel sound confused and incoherent.  The gender pay gap statistic is really bad though. I expected better of Estonia.
I'm just sitting here trying to figure out where in Iceland this footage was taken...    *hits blunt*
Slovenia: THE FLUTE TUNE WTF
Kazakhstan is not in Europe.    I don't care what sources you quote.  If anything Canada is more European than Kazakhstan.
Uhhh.....Italy has the lowest grow rate?                                                                                              you alway forget the corruption tax
Hitlers.  Austria has produced the most Adolf Hitlers.
Slovenia has bad relations with Croatia🤣
so many non-european countries
Personally I dont think any country to the east or south of the black sea counts as europe. I count that as the MIddle East.
Cyprus is not part of Europe though.
The Belarus death penalty is a grey area imo, some people are just so far gone and done something so awful they can't be reformed and punishing them will do nothing.
Is Armenia and Azerbaijan geographically located in Europe? Thought its border lies at the Bosporus.
It's the Czech Republic.
3:10 we are the worst at forming a government
Estonia: -Not religious How can that ever be considered a bad thing?
*happy austria noises*  And no, we did only start WW1, because it was hitler's own choice to go to germany. I mean he even fought gor germany in the first world war
Greece has all of the islands in Aegean sea
1:38 I'm from austria. if you ask me, I'd personally say that we're possibly the most obedient and unreflective society there is. I hate that. and our national soccer team sucks. would bother me if I was watching, though. some of us lock up their children, or kidnapped children, in their basements. that does bother me. pls don't lock up children, that's mean!
4:54 How is "Least religious country" a bad thing? That's actually quite the opposite...
Hope you'll do the best of each country as a follow up to this depressing shit xD
‘Dies in a car accident in Belgium’ Belgian government: Alas, corona strikes again.
How can smoking weed be "arguably what they are best at" while alcohol is treated like poison
Denmark is hardest to make friends cuz you can’t make friends in a country that doesn’t exist
So I guess everyone in Denmark was ready for quarantine then lol.
I’m sorry to disappoint you with the bad news, Austria and Slovenia, you’re not bad at anything. It’s a sad day to be perfect
'Also, it's the happiest country in the world...?' Isn't that a GOOD thing?
The *Krystallnacht* was in Austria as well as Germany
4:26 is this a country in turkey?
1:37 You attributed the highest % of pop smoking the greece, but for youth (aged <15) it`s Austria (25% smoke at least once a year)!  (source OECD)
more likely to die of COVID in Belgium than the USA? but y'all aren't ready for that discussion, apparently
Austria is the worst at preventing world wars
0:17 has this man a cowboy hat?
Austria is unable to keep empires.
seriously croatia thats what you found out what about the coruption, low wages, high coruption, or high coruption
Austria, starting teo world wars and blaming it on Germany
Austria is worst at reppeling germans
3:39 You didn't include the part of Croatia below Bosnia's coastline.
Least religious country in the world is defenitly a good thing not a bad thing.
Bro I Code Form Austria and can say we‘re goated that‘s why you couldn‘t find anything Imao
Azerbaijan, Khazakstan? hmm
*sad Austrian noises*  jk, I love living here
Austria has the worst road signage system in Europe for sure. It doesn't have any structure at all
Right wing radicals are also big thing in Germany
4:35 HOLD UP that is not a bad thing XD
As an Indian we don't recognize Kosovo  as a country ...
Ahhh no wonder I can’t load anything in Cyprus 😔
4:55 Well for me there is no downsides
I live in ireland :c
Denmark isn’t real
Kazakhstan has the least amount of cultural influence.  Borat: "Am I joke....... not!
Finland be like: *Perkele*
Belarus has the highest average radiation deaths
Narrator: "I wasn't able to find what Slovenia was the worst at" Melania: "Hold my Trump... "
Iceland Canada netherlands cannabis union?
Estonia: least religious country in the world.  Seems like a positive to me.
wtf how is Armenia in europe
What about the Netherlands?
Saying that Estonia is the least religious country is a really positive thing.
Azerbaijan: has the least freedom of press in Europe  Orban: laughs in Hungarian
As a Belgian I do need to say that we overestimate our Covid-19-19 death cases and many European countries underestimate them. An example: when an elderly person dies from a heart failure, but could have had corona, we count it as a Covid-19 death. Many other countries, such as our northern neighbours (the Dutch) don’t do this.
Austria, worst at refraining from being the birthplace of Hitler
Austria is bad at uniting countries together lololok
Where the hell is argentina?!?! 😡😡
how is being the least religious country something bad
Estonia - least religious country in the world. How's that a bad thing?! It's totally awesome!
Talking about Belarus without mentioning it's dictator? Really?
Kosovo: not unanimously recognized as a state Israel: sweats
Estonia is the worst at being religious, which is, ironically, a good thing.
now i feel bad to have even slower Internet than Cyprus even while living in Germany.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at having things to be worst at.
Austria never can rise up or keep His position in a soccer world Cup!!! Its like a spark, appear for a shot time, and kicked out hard of the Ranking, by the first rival!!
The covid stat for belgium is wrong. They countrd every death not just the covid death.
Finlands depression rate is at 7%? That's more like the amount of people who are NOT depressed. Yet.
So basically, nothing wrong with Estonia as we all know how the "wage cap" actually works and religion is a choice people make
But ...... Kazakhstan is in Asia ...... not Europe .... ???
05:05 Least religious country in the world. I feel like that is a pro more than a con.
Bosnia: Most mines Lowest air quality Most complex political system in the world with three rotating presidents Lowest employment rate, biggest emigration rate A really big PROBLEM trying to maintain peace
Belgium : Highest covid-19 mortality rate       My home country: Hold my Beer
Make this series on every continent. Please.  Hit like if you want to.
what is bad about being the least religious country?
Aren't the breakaway states of Georgia or Transnistria less recognized than Kosovo?
RLL: Hey Finland, are you happy or sad? Finland: Yes
I am from kosovo and i am proud 😁
Kinda make sense now how Finland produces some of the best melancholic and doom metal music.
Least religious country should not be a negative connotation lol.
the worst thing about albania is that they don't have mcdonald's......
So are you saying Estonia is "worst at" religion?  This list is kinda dumb.
Im from Czechia and while watching this video --- I drink beer :D
Germany is also worst at wining a world war..
Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are not in Europe.
Italy is incredibly culturally diverse. Two neighbouring cities often feel like different nations and regions are like different planets.  I don't know what you're talking about. We have so much cultural diversity in this nation that it's unfair to even call it a nation by how unrecognisable different areas are from others.
Austrians are experts at getting the rest of the world to hate it other, to bloodshed-levels of success.
Belgium: is not true about the most ppl who die of covid19. Every country just count differently.
Austra is the worst at not having inbred royalties... 🤣
Austrians are bad at being garmen
Andorra smoking numbers are probably very inflated cause many Spanish and French people go there to buy cigarettes since taxes are way lower. This combined with their small population gets you to 17 cigarettes a day per person
I would’ve thought that a country being one of the least religious in the world would be a good thing.
2:10 Don’t forget unfair elections!
1:45     Austriens are known to be grumpy
Austria sucks at making non-bullpup style assault rifles
Bulgaria also has the biggest problem with corruption and bribes in the EU.
Slovenia is the worst country at not being Slovenia
4:09  after germany lol
Finland was rated happiest because depressed people often smile and act as if everything is okay
Historically Austria has had the most unstable Empires arguably and the most incestous leaders
Austria’s worst at diversifying their bloodline.
Czechs are actually proud of those beer stats.
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan in Europe? Are you making your own geography?
"Most people don't count Kazakhstan as being in Europe" you counted Azerbaijan, and then say that about Kazakhstan?
Lol bro Georgina ain't in Europe
7:49 and Sardinia?
Why Include the countries in the Caucasus region (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia)? They are technically part of Asia
tbh I think for Belarus the death penalty is a positive. that's just me though
>Italy >Doesn't include Sardinia ok
Estonia, not finding religion important isn't a bad thing.
6:53 did the islands in the eastern Aegean became turkish?
Why estonia is worst at religion, isnt she better on religion?
7:50 Is nobody talking about how he forgot to give Sardinia to Italy or am I the only one who cares about it?
Wuste garnich das wir so viele penner haben 😅
Estonia not being religious is awesome, not a flaw
For me as malaysian, european citizen are nice person but not all especially french people.
being the least religious country in the world is prob a good thing
Psst, disabled people exist
Do Andorrans really have a huge smoking problem? I thought they just sold so many cigarettes per capita because cigarettes were so much cheaper there than in neighboring countries so tourists always took a lot home with them
Hitler was from Austria.
YOU FORGOT KUWAIT
The reason Greece is in debt, it's because people break into your house and steal all your Euros, clothes, and food.
non-religiosity and beer consuption are not bad things tbh
Gender pay gap is bullshit
Cyrpus also has land claimed by the UK two sovereign military bases
5:12 Come on, we pay Åland 100 million euros a year in subsidies, least you could do is include it in the highlight XD
Estonia is the least religous country in europe. and that is a bad thing why?
So apparently Sardania is not Italian or western Azerbaijan is not azerbijani.
WE ARE NOT BLOODY CZECHIA, we are Czech Republic
Bruh how is people wanting to be atheist in Estonia a negative?
What is worst about beer consumption ? I would say that's quite an achievement
tis is also west-asia?
Austria is the worst at not inbreeding.
Estonia is best at being non-religious, way to go!
Schrodinger's Finland.
4:35 how is that a bad thing?
As a finn *smiles in depression*
Italy should just rename itself to the Roman Republic. They'd get a lot of Romaboo immigration, and tourism. That might raise the GDP ever so slightly.
Belgium: doesn’t have a government
You can stay Austria is the worst at managing an empire
"Iceland smokes more cannabis than all of Europe" is actually a big misunderstanding. The error comes from the fact that the 18% figure was not taken from the general population, but from the subset of the population that had ever tried cannabis. The actual figure is around 7%. Before watching this video, I expected that Iceland's entry would have something to do with traffic safety, since it is one of the worst with regards to that (but I am not certain that it is the worst).
Why not include other information from Belgium
Sure but Armenia and Azerbaijan aren’t actually in Europe
estonia having a low religion rate is a very positive thing, not negative
Switzerland is the worst at picking sodes ill tell u that
Least religious country is a bad thing?
You included Kazakhstan but forgot Turkey and Russia ☺
Cyprus having shitty internet? If you dont live in a City with more than 1million Population in germany you have like 900KB/s
So albania is worst in 3 things  Is nature who decides about natural disasters like earthquakes ecc about doctors all have migrated in deutschland not only doctors but also nurses anddd about science you should know we are not part of EU and yes are one of the poorest countries in the Europe ...kosovo wants to be recognised by all countries but mother rusia doesn't let her childs do what they really want 😂😂
Each country could use this video to make earth a better place
About Greece ... isn't it natural to not be generous when you have 1 of the worst debt crisis?
Frage: Ist diese Kommentarsektion jetzt Eigentum der BRD?
Wait, what? Azerbaijan is part of Europe now?
Bruh tf armenia and azerbaijan are by no means in Europe
Huh i thought Bulgaria we have the moust under age smokers
You seem to have forgotten lake constance (and Neusiedlersee) on your pink lakes on the map. or did you just want to avoid dealing with the maybe confusing looking borders if you put them in? @RealLifeLore
Sorry, but you need a geography lesson before you prepare such videos. Europe =? Armenia, Azerbeijan.. If they belong to Europe, waht about Russia, Ukraine, Moldova, Turkey then?
Having lived in Finland, I'm going to guess they conducted the first survey in the winter and the second survey in the summer.
When your school feels like Denmark to you
do it with USA's states
The uk isnt part of Europe but ok.
Yes but in american movies america is the best at everything.
What is every country in Europe  best at
When u genuinely learn more from this channel than u learn from school 😐
"Belarus is the only European country with a death penalty." Texas: Hold my Southern Baptist KJV Bible.
Imagine thinking that a high alcohol consumption rate is a bad thing  This message was approved by the Eastern European Gang
Lol I am austrian
Austria is the worst at not being Anschluss'd.
Sealand: worst at being taken seriously
i think austria has the most youth smokers in europe
Finland probably has the most awareness and amazing mental health in Europe. So more people get diagnosed, but more are also treated effectively.
5:55 what about east Ukraine?
Austria and Slovenia are worst in Europe at having a worst thing.
So, no one is going to talk about Bosnia havin bajilion landmines and worst air, and everyone talks about estonia not being religious.
So Iceland is just the best country in Europe? Probably the world 🇮🇸. The things that they're worst at could be seen as good depending on who you ask.
Czechia: highest cosumption of beer, how is that the worst 🤔 🍻🍻
no israel... dammit.
How deep does the dessert sand goes? What is at the bottom of the dessert?
Belgium counted all death of senior citizens as a case of coronavirus. That really cranks up yer number because old people are verly likely to suddenly die👌
Austria has the worst naval armed force in the world.  They don't have one.
5:08 why should it be bad to be an atheist/be nonreligious
Armenia isn’t Europe though
So there was a meaning in Lucas Graham's song after all... *"Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely"*
Me waiting for you to say what Britain is worst at, then realising were not in the EU anymore 👁💧👄💧👁
Everyone is making memes out of his videos.....No one is talking how much he is reading to make his videos...
germany is the worst at winning world wars
Austria is worst at being the worst
It's alright we're the worst being nice people (Slovenia)
Why he didnt include romania?
04:10 Is it not mega bytes per second and not bits?
Austria sucks in war
And USA is worst at ignoring oil   Some guy: pssst don't say that word   Me: WHAT word  The guy:the word oil..... Crap now I sad it too.    (USA comes out of nowhere)..  USA :did someone say oil   The guy and me :no no    no oil  USA: but I heard oil  Me: no i  USA: That sh*t is my
I thought he was Gonna say Germany is bad at winning wars and that's funny for me to say course I'm German  LOL
Azerbaijan isn’t in Europe.
140 liters beer per year? Those are rookie numbers
Wtf is kosovo doing here? This list is for real counties only, right?
Pay gap is a lie of averages
What happen if ASEAN united?
do you know what europe means
Why would a country ever need a McDonald's?
Did u cover about England i mean uk??
*happy Austrian and Slovenian noises*
Wait did you say not being religious is bad or did I misunderstand that?
4:35 whats wrong about that... Czech beer is litarelly the best drink you can find on planet Earth
Armenia and Cyprus absolutely suck (equally) at being European, as neither are actually in the region we know as Europe.
Some of could be interpreted as "the best at"
Lowest cultural diversity within a nation isn't a bad thing
Now I see why this Video was made by Americans
UK is worst at making kpop popular
Austria is the worst country to make a video about worst things from every country
As an Austrian I must say that the Viennese have the rudest people in Europe
What about Norway ?
5:19 it's because all the depressed people keep killing themselves
You forgot to colour the Azerbaijani exclave
Estonia: "The least religious country in the world"  Remind me why that's a bad thing again? If anything I see this as great.  People being able to believe science and eachother without religious conflicts or extremism coming up, other than maybe religious people trying to convert them or spreading their religious values which may infringe on theirs.
Damn.. looks like I'm in the least charitable country
Why Russia isn’t included ? Before saying it’s because the most of it is in Asia determine what are the criteria of calling a territory Asia or Europe
Since when is being "the least religious" a bad thing? I'd argue the opposite.
4:03 I know you said that many countries weren't measured but common knowledge will tell you that this is impossible. What about Vatikan, Andora, San Marino, Monaco Malta Cyprus.... Some countries are so small that they don't even have railway sistems but if they do they are just not many people to ride in them.
How are Azerbaijan, Georgia and  Armenia in Europe?
Germany: highest income tax rate in Europe
Armenia, georgia and azerbaijan are in asia.
Really  Estonia is the best place on earth  At least  People are more practical  Rather than believing in that fard tard Jesus
Austria is bad at being bad at stuff.
Sweden?
Finland is the happiest country because the sad people kill themselves lol
I like that every European got offended by this
Wait there N Cyprus and ltaly owns More islands
Austria has the highest average calorie intake in Europe, 2nd in the world behind America
Since when is Kazakhstan in Europe?
Heavy smokers in Belarus also
Austria getting annexed by Germany on March 12, 1938 !!!
Well...before i watched this video i was thinking "what could my country (Slovenia) be the worst at...?" And then the bad news...he couldnt find nothing...
This guy really should start a podcast
2:10 what's the problem with that?
When you didn't marked Sardinia I felt baaad really bad
Austria is the worst at admitting when they’re wrong through out history
Western Europe is More Richer Then The East
chechia has most consumption of beer/ capita so they are best at drinking beer ... i thought it was suposed to be video about being the worst at something
You didn't found anything bad about Slovenia... That's a compliment if you ask me Love from Slovenia 🇸🇮
Every country in Europe has it's own culture and identity already!!!!
All of the old soviet countries (Azerbaijan, Armenia, Belarus. Etc): How would you like to die? Pollution, death penalty or perhaps a run in with the military, don’t worry, the news won’t know.
For Europe It took a 10 minute video but for Asia, there is just one country worst at almost everything, North Korea.
Czechia fact is the BEST not the worst hahaha
Cant wait to hear about the German railway
Being the least religious is definitely a positive.
7:11 I thought that said highest cannibal consumption, I got so scared
Least religious country in the world. What`s bad about that?
Austria: The worst at not starting World Wars
Man this video is so bad
2:09 Well, Russia also has death penalty for critics of the government. Without any trial.
Of course France is beefing with everyone else. The whole world belongs to them. Germany doesn't surprise me. Same mentality running that country as running San Francisco.
Where’s England??
Azerbaijan is not part of Europe you Rat .
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS "THE TURKISH REPUBLIC OF NORTH CYPRUS". CYPRUS IS ONE NOT TWO
RLL recognises Kosovo
RLL recognises Kosovo
how is low religion a bad thing? kudos to Estonia 👍👍
Finland: We’re so happy that we get depressed!
there is a country called Georgia!!! I can't be the only american surprised
Sir, I ain't saying I am right, but I reckon Azerbaijan is in Asia Minor. Look on a map how for south east it is compared to the rest of Europe. I ain't a geographer, I'm an American Cowboy, but still.
I know what Austria is the worst at...researching!
Austria be like: Starting and losing two world wars by ending up the 4th most peaceful country with having the most liveable city worldwide in 2020. I love my country.
Congratulation concerning geography skills. Kazakhstan is only 10% in Europe and 90 in Asia. What about Poland , doesn't exist anymore ? Or is in Africa?
ah, yes, Kazakhstan
this is pure racism
6:04 as someone who lives in Germany : Germany is the worst in [insert almost everything besides health-stuff here]
France border dispute with Madagascar???? I mean, why.... smh
Also, darum Italien kein hat Sicily?
Deutschland, die besten land in machen sache, also das land wo viel völker bist kein alle Deutscher, Deutschald wohin ist die Deutscher völker?
An interesting video idea would be "The most dangerous parts of each country in the Europe" where you mention the most dangerous counties, the most dangerous cities etc of each country
How is armenia in europe lol. Thats how you now the video is made by americans lololol
Wait... least religious country... is that a bad thing?
Croatia def have the worlds weirdest shaped country.
Austria has the worst FTTH Infrastruktur europe
RLL: Belarus has the most authoritarian Govt. in all of Europe. People of Belarus: Get back to us in a while....
Austria is the only European country that doesn’t have a trade treaty with Australia. Not technically “the worst”, but still interesting and very annoying if you’re Austrian and would like to get a student visa in Australia, for example.
Where's UK?
4:35 I thought you were only listing bad things?
Ok,why is Armenia and Azerbaijan in europe?
Least cultural diversity = good
Slovenia has 1 vineyard per 70 inhabitants and there are shit ton of road hoggers there.
"Least religious" is a bad thing?... WHAT?
Hello from Czechia, the beer kings! :D
With Finland it makes sense. It also has a really big suicide rate. So all the depressed people kill themselves and you are left with the happy one which then make it the happiest country in the world.
*”Greece was ranked as the least generous country in Europe”* well, we Greeks, donate every single time we go to church, let’s say 100 people are present inside the church, at least 150€ are donated...
No cultural diversity? I see that as an absolute win
I’m not Estonian but how is being atheist a bad thing?
The high smoking numbers of Andorra are propapelly not true, you propapelly counted just the cigarette sales. But a lot of French and Spaniards go to Andorra, to get them cheaper there. The same goes for Luxembourg.
Austria: quite a lot of cases of children hidden underground, even the case in  the Netherlands recently was an Austrian guy. The highest number if teenage alcohol consumption. Also no European country converts more arable land into construction sites, or has more retail area per capita, which leads to urban sprawl. Austria started the first world war. And Vienna is propapelly the European city with the most spies.  Nonetheless, I love living here in Austria.
Austria: highest number of teenage alcohol consumption.
Estonia sounds like a place for me
Me a Greek the moment i saw the title: Did you said debt?
Macedonia?
Since when is Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan part of Europe?
"Italy being the least culturally diverse " Said to the literal cultural center of the western world
TORILLE
Bruh.... Hungary is a fricking dictatorship built on democracy. Everywhere you look there's propaganda and the ruling government owns all forms of media in the country. Most of the people only listen to radio or watch the national television where you can only hear propaganda. More than 2/3 of the congress is from the ruling party. And we're also in a pretty serious dept crisis.
No romania? 🧐 oof
Yay I am from Slovenia🇸🇮
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
Next time What if every country ending in 'a' unites
Greece is completely broke and it gets a bad rating for charity and charitable giving? How do you expect a nation with no money 💰 to give away 💰 money?
I thought Australia had the worst internet, not Cyprus
Italy probably doesn’t have room for other cultures 👀. Tourists all go for the same reasons
Who needs Graduation when you have Pizza and Pasta
Austrian here, we're pretty bad at not starting world wars
Kosovo is part of Serbia it should not be put on this list !
I usually like RLL videos, but how is Czechia being the highest beer consumption count as something they are "WORST" at? smh
0:45 Poor start. Never having _"received"_ a _McDonald's_ is not a bad thing.
Just giving a heads up: The Netherlands; the worst at blocking the marketing machine to promote them as the 'red light district' and 'coffeeshops'   Job well done 👍🤓
Austria apparently is the worst at coming up with things to be bad at
Just saying, but you didn't split up Cyprus into that jigsaw puzzle it actually is.
U didnt do all countries in Europe
Nothing wrong with not being religious. It's a good thing.
I really appreciate that you even made these cool and unique icons to each "problem", and I love designs of "country cards" overall
Wait, wtf. Where is Serbia?
As a Bosnian, I can comfirm.
Germany has the worst homeless crisis in europe. Food for thought guys, food for thought..
Austria is the type of person to start ww1 and ww2 and manages to get away with it lol
Suriname is pronounced wrong its Sur-i-nam
Why did you not include Russia in the thumbnail?
Did anyone else notice that when Italy lit up Sardinia didn’t
Do how The United States has one of the best geographic spawn points on earth
UK was actually bad at not taking land
Bulgaria is as well the most corrupt country in Europe.
Other Balkan countries: I have the most land mines and major economic issues  Croatia: I have the least train passengers
What about North Cyprus wouldn't that have the lowest recognition in Europe
Europe really isn't that much better than a lot of the world. It's a few countries that raise the wealth and democracy bar, and it evens out pretty well.
Finland has the highest rate of depression in Europe but is still voted the world's happiest country. How? The sad people keep killing themselves.
"Estonia is the least religious country" well, I think that's a great PRO rather than a CON
Any jokes yet that these countries are worst at something because they didn`t use Skillshare? No? Aight, I`m just gonna leave this here
But Estonia has the highest female to male ratio in the world
“Belgium has the most deaths of COVID” Me: Chocolate?
Well it’s not like the us is better than any of them
Azerbaijan isn’t really in Europe... neither is Armenia. They just like to pretend once a year for Eurovision.
Estonia being atheist to me should be something pozitive
You are such an ignorant analyst. For example, do you really believe the average Andorran smokes 17 cigarettes a day? Maybe the place just happens to be a taxfree shopping area where French and Spanish customers buy large quantities of cigarettes to smoke at home. When is this channel going to be labled for its repeated misinformation?
Austria is the worst at creating non-genocidal leaders.
uk???
Being the least religious country is a good thing
Kazakhstan?
Azerbaijans situation is little different cause in developed cities like baku everyone has a like everyone but in less developed places like villages there are less same with medicine
Do a video about if prussia reunited
How come Kazakhstan is European country?????
azerbaijan and georgia aren't europe tho
Austria: worst in being distinguished from Australia.
This is stupid. One Google search gave me this text "...a pack costs 3.6 euros in Andorra, compared with 5 euros in Spain and 8 euros in France..." and this intellectual is serving us info about population being biggest smokers because of statistics of sold cigarettes... moron.
Ppl in Finland barley see daylight No wonder ppl in Finland are so depressed
Sorry to break it @realLifeLore, but its not that Andorra has a population that smokes a lot, its because the tax is so low that people go there to buy tobacco and alcohol
Czechia is most Atheistic country in Europe not Estonia.
How is azerbeijan,georgia or khazakstan included?! They are asian not european
5:02 haha get f**ked Livonian order
The reason albania has no mcdonalds is because we don’t eat mcdonalds shit food ti qifsha nonen pidh lol
Lithuania, Latvia???
Speaking English maybe?
Yeah, but isn't that because Iceland has like... 100 people living on it, though?
Imagine being in 2020 and still believing in any kind of wage gap
Smoking weed and being the least religious sounds like a good thing, though.
5:06 is this really so bad?
Estonia: has the lowest percentage of religious people Me (an atheist): I see this as an absolute win 😂
Not having a McDonald’s should be under the best category
Greece - we don't have money me watching this video in  iPhone 11 pro max btw i am from Greece
Bosnia has a good air quality wth
3:11 and the schools are opening again. the worst had yet to come in belgium...
Europe is like 💩 nothing more Every European countries is wrost
kosovo je srbija
Least religious is not the worst, its the best!
Estonia : Least religious country in the world Well thats a great thing
why is middle east in this
I think you got your Andorra numbers based on cigarette sales, and the fact is that Spaniards and french go there massively to buy cigarettes tax free.
having the lowest religious population in the entire world isnt excatly a bad thing... (in estonia)
Czechia has the highest drinking rate in the world. Me: you said worst not best
But you could argue that in Finland, the stigma around mental illness is very low so more people open up about their depression. Also how is not being religious bad and gender pay gap is kind of made up as it does not account for several factors.
Why didn’t you count Turkey in?  Aren’t they a part of Europe too?
azerbaijan is also in asia
kazakistan is in asia
This video kinda just feel like salty americans
Germany is worst at paying bills
But that's the best think on Czechia, we are proud obout that :)
Either I missed when He said something about Romania or it isn't in Europe
Am I missing something? England is still part of Europe
Austria is worst at not being worst at anything
Austria sucks at being Germany, for real for real
Austria is bad at protecting their leaders form getting assasinated.
More Like How To Make European Subscriber Angry
Austria is the worst at resisting German annexation, (at least poland fought back)
How is a low religion rate a bad thing?
Why are Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan mentioned? They are in Asia not Europe.
*Denmark is isolation country of you combined with meet new people.*
Cyprus 6.2mbps ... Converge in the Philippines gives us less than 1mbps
5:00 wha? Whats bad about that?
Austria's greatest success ever was when they convinced the world that Germany started ww1. The second greatest was when they also pinned Hitler to Germany as well.
Are we all just going to pretend like Denmark is an actual place?
Me reading the video title: "nice im excited what my country (Austria) is worst at" Real Life Lore: "No"
Title: What every country in Europe is worst at. Thumbnail: Poop in Europe. Me:       *Proud to be Asian.*
5:05 how is not being religious something you’re bad at
Albania worse for not having McDonald's!! Sounds like plus 😉 Worse for wall street cannibals.
So, Russia is not in Europe? They are the bad guys from Asia!! So we will scrap them out of this video:)😉
Oh god Serbs are gonna be mad Kosovo is on here
Aren’t Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan on the Asian side of the caucuses?
austria has the worst flag,its the opposit of switzerland,-- ,so yeah,totally the worst :)
Austria: The worst at recognizing its own soldiers
I'm not sure how they calculate the smoking rate of Andorra but many french and spaniards buy their tobacco there (because it's way cheaper). They buy a lot and if you just look at the number of cigarettes packages sold by capita, Andorra is very high but almost all tobacco sold in Andorra aren't bought by andorrans...
Austria, not the worst at anything in Europe. Other than birthing genocidal dictators...
I go to Bulgaria every summer vacation and the view from my bedroom is terrible because all the houses look so old and disgusting
Something Austrians are worst at is making Germany taking the fall in WWI which then made Germany mad so technically Austria started both of the world wars
I didn’t know that the Armenia 🇦🇲 and Azerbaijan 🇦🇿 were in Europe! 😳
The "?" regarding depression and happiness shows a fundamental misunderstanding in your perception of depression, although I have no doubt you do know the mechanisms of depression.   Also they're probably happy because they can all afford meds and therapy lol.
In slovakia is big chipsy   city is name lunik 9
I like how he states countries as "she"
Trump 2020
Czechia is the best at drinking beer*
I know Russia is a Eurasian country but that still technically means it’s a European nation and it’s associated with Europe in almost every form of geography. Got a lot of central Asian/European nations on here too but no Russia?
I think that you had a D in history (i am a fan but why?)  1.Why you didnt put serbia and maybe some other countries in the list  2.I dont think there is a country named Kosovo only serbian province Kosovo and Metohija which i remind you is still serbia (I feel disrispected :( )
Why is Estonia being least religious considered a thing to be worst at?
is armenia even in europe?
Eu esperando a lista de problemas do Brasil que vai ficar grande: 🤡
Do andorrans smoke a lot or... do they sell it a lot 🤔
i like this series, you can do one for ASIA as well
Austria is the worst at starting WW1 and getting internationally blamed for it
why did you skip several countries like Moldova, Romania, Ukraine?
Why is being least religious bad?
7:51 sardinia is in italy
Belgium has the highest reported death rate due to COVID-19 (I thought Peru was first but these things tend to evolve rapidly), which isn't necessarily the same as the highest death rate and if you look at excess death  Belgium is basically the only country in which this lines up (nearly) perfectly with the reported COVID deaths, Belgium did some unconventional things like count all people who died in retirement homes between march and may were counted as covid deaths (which I find really weird but it seems to work lol). Also, hospitals did struggle (as was the case for many countries) it never got to the point where Belgium relied on expatriating patients to hospitals of neighbouring countries (which was the case for the Netherlands for example) or encouraging 80+ y/o to not go to the hospital is they got sick (which was the case for Sweden), Belgium certainly didn't do good but I doubt it's even in the lowest 25th percentile in Europe let alone the world when it comes to COVID mortality (like seriously they have really good, practically free healthcare). I am Belgian so I might be biased but I'm also educated in biomedical science so I feel like I have a pretty clear view on the subject. EDIT: Belgium IS the worst at any kind of public infrastructure though (especially roads)!! I wouldn't know how to measure it but just ask any Belgian (or Dutchie because they tend to LOOOOVe to bring it up) we all agree, no measurement needed we're for sure the absolute worst.
WTF is with skill share? I'm a pot head watching random YouTube videos.. I don't wanna learn shit
9:10 thats not true at all, im from spain and we recognised kosovo as an independent state.  Love from spain to kosovo!!!
7:51 you forgot Sardinia, Pantelleria and Elba 😂
Slovenia is the worst for American tourists, talking about it’s name pronunciation...people tend to confuse it with Slovakia
Things that are actually good and should not be in this list:  Estonia - Least religious Czechia - Beer consumption Iceland - Cannabis products
Least religious thing is not necessarily a bad thing
least religious country?? But this is positive !!
wait I thought you were focusing on europe. the fuck when did europe extend into clear western asia?
oh yeah Italy yeahhhh
How is being non-religious a bad thing?
Nice to see the aral sea has completely regenerated. This map from the 1960s?
"Today we're doing exclusively Europe" "Ok third, Armenia".....🤔🤦‍♂️
Being best at sucking.
"Albania has no MCdonalds"    Idk how that is bad but ok
Please, I implore you; learn how to pronounce some of these countries. It’s embarrassing
There's a dosen or so more european countries that he did not mention besides Austria and Slovenia.
RealLifeLore: Albania is the only country in Europe to not have a McDonald's Me: laughs in Guernsey
6:21
Not sure if a lack of much cultural diversity is bad per se. I don't see how Italy being mostly Italian is an issue.
Death penalty isnt something wrong
austria is worst at winning WW one
1:33 not a bad thing 2:01 not a bad thing 2:10 not a bad thing 2:31 not a bad thing 2:37 not a bad thing 4:51 not a bad thing 7:55 not a bad thing
Bruh where's the UK?
What about England? I guess we'll just get lumped in with the United Kingdom.
Austria is worst at being worst for getting found in what it’s worst for.
Did you forget Latvia, or will it be in the next episode? I will be patient!
Only 4% in Kazakistan?
why’s it sound like you’re in a closet
In Czechia we are proud of our “worst”
5:09  Finland, r u sad? Finland: *Well yes, but actually no*
Austria is the worst at not contributing to a world war lmao
Finland it's just being bipolar, one day they are the most happy in europe and the next day they are the most depressed
There is nothing wrong with Denmark, Denmark is the greatest 🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰🇩🇰
Being the least religious isn't bad at all.
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
7:58 "Italy is the least culturally diverse country" Why is that a bad thing?        Angry comments incoming in 3...
Austria: Bad cheese and Corona Ischgl
Italy is the least colturally diverse  country??  What?!
Romania is so bad it didn't even appear in the video
Austria was bad at keeping Mozart alive before the age of 40!
Everyone knew Belarus wasn’t gonna have a good time
Andorra isn't a country . It's a principality co-administrated by Spain and France. Also Slovenia isn't pronounced like that, but all your videos are shit and you research them for 3 minutes so what was I expecting?
Austria. .. Hitler was born there
next video idea "100 reasons why usa suck"
🇦🇹 🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹🇦🇹
Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are in Europe? It's in central Asia
Where’s England
I see that American education won’t distinguish between Europe and Asia, starting with Armenia says it all. America, worst country at knowing continents.
Me, an italian, knowing we are the worst at several things: *Ooh boy*
Estonian represent
6.9 megabits per second still better then mine and also noice
Belgium's "highest COVID-19 mortality rate in Europe" is probably due to the fact that, during the pandemic, the country counted every death at nursing homes as COVID related
Austria is worst at keeping there empire together.
Kazatistan: HIggest child smoking rate at 4%  Me who goes to an American highschool : WHAT, ONLY 4%
5:00 what is bad about being the least religeous country in eu? There are less chances of people doing dumb decisions , in Romania people asked the goverment to reopen churches during quarantine because " who goes to the church never gets corona"
Austria is the worst country at not causing world wars. Slovenia is the worst country at not being confused with another country, at least in Europe. :)
cant wait for worst economy for turkey 💖💖💖💕💕💕💕
Least democratic? You mean the Vatican, it is the only absolute monarchy in europe
Belgium highest mortality is only because every death in elderly care homes are counted as corona deaths.  In other countries they only count the corona death in hospitals.
How is Estonia having the least amount of religiosity a bad thing?
Kazachstan isnt in europe
Austria: Pretty terrible at birthing not Adolf Hitler
1:38 winning world wars
Where is my country he missed the uk probably cause we the best at wvwrything
The UK is bad at keeping their empire intact
Austria(ns) ; The worst by starting World Wars
Belgium: worst at forming a national government
Were the fuck is norway and swrden
I...think Azerbaijan's outline is missing a little something
Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are located in Asia
Though I didn't find anything Austria is the worst at, the sure thing is, that they are the best at hiding the fact that Hitler was not originally German!
Like I don't have no think against ericans but your geography is awafull Azerbaijani is in Asia!!!
belarus consumes the most alcohol? im moving to belarus cya guys
Austria is the worst offender at starting world wars and shifting the blame for a world war on her bigger sister  Also how's least religious bad?
I think that the highest beer consumption per capita in Europe, even in the world, for Czech Republic is a win, it is a thing, that we are good at. I dont know, why you rank this as a bad thing, like a fail... we are the best at drinking beer, there is nothing bad.
How is least relgious country bad?
i was looking for england my country but i forgot we did brexit :/
I would say that "cultural diversity" is a totally subjective index. Actually, if you consider the differences within Italian culture, it will probably increase sharply.
How about the Netherlands??? :(
What about Switzerland? not in Europe apparently
So u mean Estiona is best at religion
The beer consumption of Czechia is not a problem, we are proud of it.
Bring this for Asia as well..
Bosnia and Herzegovina: Worst sandwiches in the world.
The US is best at going to war and worst at winning them.
Poland: Worst country at existing.
Wendover Productions declared war on Andorra
Austria has the worst drivers
1:37 AUSTRIA is The worst at: invading serbia
5:02 beeing non religion is a problem ?!!
Sweden: :D?
I guess serbia isnt bad at anything
austria is the worst in europe for causing wars the germans get blamed for
Germany for not paying it’s fair share for America’s protection!
Austria is against Islam religious people. This is the worst thing about this country.
Since when is Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan in Europe?
Austria: The cause of the most world wars (2)
Having the highest consumption of beer doesnt mean toxic, ALSO HOW DARE YOU JUDGE MY BEER COUNTRY
what austrians are the worst at: economics
Turns out, Austria and Slovenia are actually the worst at being the worst at sth.
Austria and Slovenia nothing. Speaks for itself
Why did you put Kosovo in your video and not Abkhazia? Both are disputed territories and not unanimously recognized.
Sweden?
Austria = worst art school
Ireland has the least amount of non drunk adults per capita
Let's go austria gang
So Armenia is in Europe but Turkey isn't?
"They don't believe in god" RealLifeLore: Bad
legit buglaria has better economics than greece
Estonia having the least religion is a positive.
Germany’s pretty terrible at winning World Wars tbh
Austria's worst at:    Preventing world wars.
North Cyprus is the least recognize not Kosovo
austria is worst at the 1 city is "fucking"
i`m from Georgia  and u got the second part right
Title: Europe  Country:Kazakistan
I love how having the highest beer consumption in the world is a bad thing to an american
Well i guess corsica isn't french and sardinia isn't italian, and azerbadjan lost its enclaves in armenia :o this video is very subjective.. Religion isn't bad or good, for instance.
Something that Austria is bad at? Well they helped to start two world wars...
did you call our internet bad at 4:13?
Finland how the fuck can you be happy and depressed at the same time ?????
Austria is the worst at being the country where Hitler was not born
Me as a dane seeing my country in this video:        this is pretty true
Ummmm where is the second part of Azerbaijan?
least amount of religion and low density, yes they are the worst, but its a good thing tho.
Some of the worst aren't considered bad
Europe is trash. USA number one 🇺🇸
Smh lol
Lol did you do this because your American
Finland has the highest depression rate in the world:      Also FinLand:    HaPpAy
Please stop using "she" for countries
Slovenia is just perfect
Why do I always get triggered by RLL maps
we need a part 2 asap
correction, Belgium is counting different than the rest of the world by also taking into account suspicious cases. One could say it's a correcter way of counting. I think our actual worst problem is forming governments lol
Now hold up... 2 years ago Czechia was best in the world at being atheist with 75% of the population and now you say Estonia is the worst in the world at being religious with 85% of people not being religious? Either Estonia got mad at gods in the past 2 years or something doesn't add up.  Also, how is being atheist a good thing for Czechia and a bad thing for Estonia then?  Also also, Czechia is usually "best at" regarding beer drinking. Only you seem to see it as "being the worst". We just love beer. And we're proud of it. It's not a bad thing.
Wtf you include Kazakhstan and Georgia that are literally not European
Austria is the worst at choosing people for art school.
Comedy Central presents The Roast of Europe
Austria is best in creating foundations for World Wars.  _just sayin'_
France has the most children and eldrerly people... well that's not a bad thing. France helps people in need who want to have children, that's why there are a lot of children (highest natality rate in Europe), has a very generous health care so high life expectancy and has a generous retirement system so there are a lot of non working elderly people. I understand a generous system may sound as a bad thing to a proud american person, but to me that's a good thing. And having no McDonald is not a bad thing. And being the least religious country is not a bad thing. And Andorra hasn't a lot of smoking problems, the cigarettes are just cheaper than in France and in Spain so Frenchies and Spaniards go smoke there.
Austria has the least amount of starving people in the world ever since they split with Hungry.
UK: Picking a leader
Well, Estonia as least religious country isn't worst but best in this case.. Religion sucks and they know it.
2:01 Me, listening but not watching: Whats wrong with being the least depressed country?
Armenia and Azerbaijan dont belong to Europe there are in Asia...They just participate in European sports competitions and in Eurovision song contest like Israel does...
Have you considered that because of low taxes foreigners buy their cigarettes in Andorra?  It wouldn't mean Andorra smokes the most.neccesarely.
Austria - worst at non-Fuhrer production.
5:03 Estonia is the least religious country in the world... I don't really think that qualifies as being bad at something...
Now this is the goods
It would appear that finland have the highest amount of people with bipolar
austria is worst at naming their tram lines
As a Belgian, I would like to clarify that our Covid death figures are insanely inflated, as we are arguably the only country that OVER-counts.   In the beginning of the pandemic for example, any death in a retirement home, was counted as a covid death. Which of course inflated the figures dramatically.
you are the best fact teller👌👌👌👏👏
Estonia as the least religious country is a negative?
no here's something Austria and Slovenia are the worst at: Being the worst at stuff
7:22 you could also say that about estonias irreligiousness
How is Greece supposed to make charities since it is in the biggest debt crisis in Europe?? The only charity we make every day are cigarrette charity ,lol
Hitler was born in Austria, so... I guess that counts?
5:00 why is that bad actually?
vatican has had mcdonals?
Azerbaijan borders highlight is incorrect.
I think austria has the youngest smoker. Many start smoking at 16
Belgium: i have the highest mortality rate of COVID.  the US in a few weeks: Well, i guess im in charge now. Im proud to not be american or living in the US.
there are not even all countrys included.
cyprus: have slowest internet speed at 69mbps  noice
After part 2 of this video make another video like this about the world 3 or 4 segments.
Austrians are worst at conquering Europe...Not the country, the people.
Finland do you want to be happy or sad  Finland: yes
Косово је Србија.
Austria is best at being Austria and the worst at being a country other than Austria
How is not being religious a bad thing??
What's wrong with the least cultural diversity... Its Italy and its culture should be Italian... What else other than that should it be. A country without its native peoples is not a country. What you want to do to turk Europe into middle East and africa... Ya right those countries really got their shit together lol....
Slavery in Belarus? Such a bullshit. Very clean country. About drink alcohol... you better take a look at Germany. About Kazakhstan. Maybe it's bad education but compare to the EU education system they've got an old soviet education system which is the best in the world. Commonly, I have kind a hunch that you just jealous. P.S. Kosovo is not a country it's Serbia. Even though I don't like serbians.
wtf, germany hasnt got a homeless crisis😂
There is no R
you know greece has more islands
thanks for not including us :)
I am dissapointed now I live in Austria😄
Sorry mate, but your definition of Europe is scuffed, generally nothing east of Ukraine and not even Turkey counts as Europe :/
You still asking what Austria is worse at? Are you kidding me?  It's basically the birthplace of one of the worst dictator that triggers one of deadliest war in the world
Im from Slovenia, and I can indeed say they are the worst at being worst.
How is Kosovo the worst at having recognition???  Like you aren't born with it wtf we don't decide who recognize us It's up to the other countries if they want to or not. Its not our fault that we exist.
World: "Wow, Greece is not charitable at all! Why would they be so inconsiderate?" Greece: *internally collapsing*
He forgot my country: Luxembourg
Austria is the worst in keeping their painters sane. XD
You couldn't find anything about Austria? lol how about our soccer teams
Austria is the worst at bringing forth people who get accepted for art school.
Since when Azerbaijan is in Europe?
Austria is worst at telling people to stop apres-skiing, just because Corona is going around.
americans watching this be like: "wait europe is not one country?"
Andorra doesn't smoke that much. I think the numbers are skewed by duty free sales to visitors.
Make what if the German empire returned today at its height
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership is a bad thing?
i was hoping Hungary had the least access to food
finlandien go to phsycologe i think you are depresse but happy
Austria is the worst at large scale wars
Iceland on the other hand has infinite energy sources, kind of. In theory.
Estonia being the least religious should be on a "What countries are best at" list. Not Worst
Bruh, i think Ukraine will be Last...
Belarus 1 shot every day wut that's not bad
I mean, Austria produce one of the deadliest dictators in modern history
Austria is worst at accepting students into art school
9:13 *Austria and Slovenia have entered the chat*
Sources please? Last time I checked, Czechia was Europe's least religious country, and the eastern part of Germany was Europe's least religious region.
Austria has the wurst.
Oh I am so excited to see what you've come up with concerning Sweden ☺️🇸🇪❤️  Edit: Did I miss something, or did you omit Sweden?
Belgium has the most Corona death rate because we are one off the Only countries that give the real numbers off deaths
Every country where is norway and swedan?
Belgium: We have the worst covid-19 mortality rate. That’s what we’re the worst at! Belgians: That can’t be right
Only 1 at belgium? Hows that possible
How not being religious could ever be bad?
Belgium is the only country that adds likely COVID deaths to their numbers, so this is just false or at least very misleading. Forming a government would be a better pick as they recently broke their own record in taking the longest time to do so. Also how is Estonia being the most atheistic society a bad thing? You wouldn't mention what country is the worst at being poor, would you?
Is Estonia being the least religious bad?
Denmark:Hardest country to make friend Also Denmark: Happiest country in the world. Introverts: Coincidence? i think NOT!
Iceland:"Highest consumption of cannabis in Europe." Me:How much is to emigrate in Iceland?
Austria is the worst in football/soccer
USSR is worst at existing i guess
Iceland sound nice as fuck rn
I know what Austria is the worst at doing! Uniting Germany.
austrtia is worst at being german change my mind
Austria and Slovenia are worst at being worse
Please change the thumbnail
Czechia?! As a european, I have never heard that word...
Thank you. I was starting to feel positive, upbeat, and optimistic about the world, but thankfully you have brought me back to reality with this video.
I think it’s funny you have to put McDonald’s in there every country needs McDonald’s
"Every country has something that they are the worst at."  10 seconds later: "I was unable to find anything that Austria or Slovenia were the absolute worst at."
Czechia has the biggest consumption of beer and it's considered as something bad? Czechia is Beer superpower and we are proud of it because we have the best beer.
Those far east countries aren't even considered as European countries. Yes, they are on the European continent maybe, but that's all.
What is Britain worst at?? 1) Drinking coffee  2) Leaving Europe 3) winning worldcup/any cup (in football/soccer)
Worst thing about Austria. 1)starting world wars which throws whole world into chaos. 2) not hving their own language and copying everything frm Germany
i thought being least religious was a good thing...
Austria has the worlds worst leaders....
Of course this video has exactly 10 minutes 🙄
Kosovo try improving your diplomatic skills on Skillshare
How is being the least religious country, not having a McDonald's, consuming cannabis or having less sun a bad thing?. I call this video BS and won't be watching part 2 for sure.
Can you do this with asia next?
For Azerbaijan, you forgot to paint the bit that doesn't touch the rest of the country Edit: You forgot Sardinia in Italy.
Hey Uh RLL at 1:58 you Got the borders wrong Arzbajian owns that 1 Enclave I dont know its Name but Armenia seperates Arzbajian (the mainland) from that 1 Enclave Just to Point things out
5:16 as a finn i comfirm this
Bruh Armenia ain't Europe everything across the Bosporus ain't europe
Not sure that being the least religious country makes Estonia bad somehow.
Me who saw this video on my phone at 3am  I don't need sleep I need answers
Austria is the worst at not starting two world wars.
Austria is worst at having there own language  all jokes,
im dutch but i didn't know we were in dispute with france lol
Where’s  England ??? 🤷🏽‍♀️😂
“Cyprus has the lowest internet speed with just 6Mbps”  Having 3Mbps is enough to watch youtube video at 460p and have decent internet connection to play online.. 6Mbps is alright to live with.
11k people in belgium alone in just half a year. Not worth the hassle were all going thru when there are 500,000 cold cases every year in belgium which in turn only accounts for 8 percent of the population. The world is being over polite and over patient with its leaders right now.
Косово је Србија!
Austria's worst at being non-racist
Where's United Kingdom?
Finland: "These are confusing times"
Your-a-peeing 😜
I guess Austria is the worst at being the worst at something
Real Life lore is Splitting this by continents so he can make 12 Videos do to them being 2 Parts. Ok Maybe Australia is only one Part
The librarian at my elementary school is from the ussr 🇦🇲
You missed highlighting part of Azerbaijan - the Nakhchivan enclave.  Also: Austria has produced more Adolf Hitlers than any other country in Europe.
“What every country in Europe is worst at - Part 2 (L - V),” will be out in 0 days.
Austria is the worst at starting world wars :mad:
I was going to do a rickroll but it got removed because of tos, F in the chat 😔
Austria is the worst at not getting confused with Australia by illiterate people
I don’t even live in Europe but I like these videos
Don't call nations she.  This is 2020.
Please update/edit this to clarify Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland (plus all that UK crap too) as separate countries. It's really only fair and also factually accurate so don't let it taint your video unnecessarily.
Estonia: Least religious - is that so bad?
i live in austria......PogU i guess
Austria are just the worst at being the worst
Austria:  last place in the "Global Right to Information Rating" (2016)
I live in rural Canada, and I get 6.9 Mbps on a good day.
Austria os worst at winning world wars they started :D
It’s only Sarajevo that has the worst air quality. The rest of the country has pristine air, but the landscape of sarajevo makes its pollution terrible.
Just thought I’d point out you didn’t include Sardinia when you highlighted Italy, but great vid anyway!
The Austrians have a problem of starting world wars
As far as I know, I was thaught that Armenia and Azerbaijan are not in Europe since they are BELLOW the Caucasus...      Also you could've put how Kosovo is the organ and drug heart of Europe
Theres no such thing as the turkish republic of northen Cyprus its just a made up name that they made
Ireland: I thought would be time keeping, sticking to deadlines and making plans and sticking to them. Lol
Austrians are the worst at being blamed for world wars...
Austria is the worst as far as world wars are considered .
"Least religious country in the world" - i thought this was about things a country is bad at.
Austria has given birth to more Hitlers than any other European country.
Hehe, glad to hear that we're not the worst at anything ;D (Austria)
Maybe Austria is the hardest place to get citizenship in?
I don't think some of these things are bad. Like Estonia not being religious.
Finland: Have got highest rate of depression in Europe and at the same time they are the happiest country in the world Finland: I am playing to the both sides so I can always win.
RealLifeLore: I wasn't able to find anything either Austria or Slovenia was the worst at Austrians and Slovenians realizing they are perfect in everything: I see no god. Other than me
Wait is UK and Switzerland not part of europe????
Czechia? 😂
If you know what Austria worst at please let me know   Me, an intellectual: They are the worst at *not* starting World Wars
I am actually so happy that you included Armenia, Azerbaijan, etc to this list.  They are Europe.
Slovenia is the worst at being pronounced popular by foreigners.
"estonia has the highest gender pay gap"  this implies the existence of a gender pay gap
Austria is the worst at not getting annexed by germany
Austria’s bad at being interesting on a list of worst country skills.
LOL! He said that Albania is the only European country without a Mcdonald's like its a bad thing. They are super lucky that they don't have a Mcdonalds.
I‘m so waiting for part 2
Andorran cigarette sales numbers are because they are way cheaper there so French and Spanish people go there to buy them
You forgot the netherlands
In defense of Belgium, The government basically counted every old person dying since the pandemic.
Austria is the worst at getting on this list
As a complete geography nerd I find it strange Azerbaijan and Armenia is counted as a part of Europe
germany is the worst at winning wars
"Azerbaijan has the least rate of freedom of speech" It's not like any country has freedom of speech because of the damn left.
Obligatory reminder that Hitler was Austrian... You're welcome
Austria has the worst military in Europe.
I am from Austria:(
Estonia seems like a good country
RLL: cyprus has the slowest wifi with onoy 6.7 megabits Me: *laughs angrily in rural wifi*
Austria has a really high suisied
Hitler came from Austria .. .thats what they have done worst
Azerbaijan: has the least freedom of the press  Russia: Are u challenging me?
Austria is No.1 of being worst country in europe by RealLifeLore.
This video should be titiled:   Roasting every country in Europe
3:49 "Bulgaria is the poorest country in the EU" *Funky bass line*
Austria is the best country in Europe, because Austria have mountains, big cities and a interesting history
Part 2
tbh Estonia being the least religious country in the world is actually a good thing...
America is better than all of these countries combined
Wrong. Czech is less religious than Estonia
Part 2 plz
UMMM ENGLAND?
Austria Started both World Wars lol
Maybe andorra shows up as the country with more consumed tobacco because a lot of spanish and french go there to buy it because it's much cheaper  😂😂😂
Narator:Kazakhstan-the least amount of cultural influence Borat:I'm a joke to you?
Being less religious is definitely not a bad thing
armenia and azerbaijan aren't part of europe
I always thought the Danes were very friendly people... Also, what is rent like in Germany. California has a homelessness problem due to insane rents. Also, how can the Finns be happy and depressed at the same time ?
Estonia: 84% of the population saying religion isn't important to them. Edgy atheists: Ah man, now is my moment to shine.
Andorra doesn't has airport because is on the mountains
I can't understand finland
The UK: worst at getting Brexit fully done
Why is not getting McDonald's a bad thing? That shit should be taxed at 90% Belgium: Highest COVID isn't the issue over there - eurocrats proliferate on that region and peadophilia is also a huge problem in Belgium.
I expected something about sweden but no maybe it's just too good lol
Fins have highest depression because a lot of them are in the Arctic circle.  They literally have no sun for 6 months. So the lack of vitamin D, gives you winter depression. Going to a solarium or taking supplements are what the doctors will give you.
Oh boy does Hungary have some other issues
Why is biggest beer consumption in Czechia BAD thing???
Austria is bad at producing good artist and world leaders
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia are not european. Get a grip. By the way.... why is being "less culturally diverse" bad?
So Estonia has two made up problems then? ;D
5:07 what is wrong whid that?
"focus on what european country  is worst at specifically in europe"
*There's no such thing as Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, it's a so called country, recognised only by Turkey. 37% of the land is occupied by Turkey*
Sicily is part of italy too...
austria is worst at saying no to germany
Bosnia: Worst access to a sea.
Isn't least religious country a good thing?
sorry to disapoint you, but armenia, azerbaijan, georgia and kazachstan are not part if europe
Im so excited to find out if America is worst at healthcare, police brutality, poverty or democratic elections!
I know that Slovenia has a high amount of nuclear energy. (around ~50%)
we have such a high corona figures in Belgium because every death in a nursing home is automatically counted as a corona death
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world." This is a bad thing?
And least religions should be a thing to be celebrated, not shunned.
Austria got one of the most restricted shop hours in europe I guess (Mo-Fr mostly 9am-6pm Saturday only till 4pm and sunday closed)  If there is some austrian please correct me If i’m wrong
Why is drinking beer and alcohol bad? 🤔
Austria is the worst at winning world Wars.
Armenia and Cyprus are both completely in Asia yet you included them.
No Mcdonalds in a country sounds like good news. Less obese people
Ah, Sardinia doesn’t belong to Italy anymore
I hope in part 2 there is portugal
since when is Armenia in Europe ?
Finland is that because people don’t rly show depression
Included Armenia. Yea borders Iran and eastern Turkey.   Right smack in middle of Europe. I get they included Cyprus bc it’s in the EU but it’s in the mid
Austrians are bad at being Germans
🇦🇹❤️Österreich ❤️ 🇦🇹
Poland: the most divided country
A low vehicle ownership rate and least religious aren't bad at all.
I heard Slovenia is the cleanest country in the world so she is worst at being dirty ?
Sorry, but in my opinion death penalty is good idea for the worst crimes
Belarus: We drink the most alcohol Czechia: hold my beer
Everything east of the Bosporus strait is not Europe  but very interesting.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at getting their territory back from Italy
France has border disputes with the netherlands on one continent... Just wait a bit and it might become a dispute on two continents...
Every country in Europe... Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan Geography: Am I a joke to you?
In this Real Life Lore video about European countries, I learned that... Jazza's real name is Josiah Brooks...
European Union does not equal Europe. There are multiple countries within Europe who are not apart of the union as well as countries not in Europe who are apart of the union.  The European Union is a group of countries who have common laws, trading and currencies. The majority are on the European continent. While Europe is the name of the continent. Please stop mixing the two up. It's not hard somehow everyone in Europe understands Canada, USA and Mexico are not the same countries just because the continent is called America.  The United Kingdom is not a country it is a group of countries. England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are separate countries.  In this video, you bounce between the European Union and Europe continent. What is this video about the union or the continent? You included countries in the Asian continent on the list just because they are in the EU but also included countries on the continent who are not apart of the EU. But you also don't include England, is this because you don't understand the UK and England dynamic or because the UK left the EU.
How is "least religious" bad?
Iceland: highest cannabis consumption in Europe  So it’s good then
I think you forgot england
"What Every Country in Europe is WORST At", judged by American?
Slovenia is 60% forest so there isn't much to see, Austria has most Adolf Hitlers produced, also Croatia has lowest volume of rail passengers cuz trains are really slow
Italy is usually at the bottom of nearly all the rankings in the EU, so I'm pretty sure there are many other things we are "worst at".
That title is, special.
Why do people refer to countries and ships by “she” instead of “it?” I had to stop watching before the video was over.
"Least religious country" how come that is a bad thing?
Italy: everything
Austria is worst at not starting world wars and blaming Germany
Slovenia gang where yall at?
1:44 admitting, that they are actually just Bavarian
Australia is the worst Europe country at being missspelled
Wait there are slaves in Belarus??
Slovenia creates the most robot wives
Estonia the least religious in the world. Well not a problem for me. Actually it's good thing
I know what austrians are best at   Causing world wars and succesfully blaming it on germany
Are you saying Albania is bad???? :0
But Kazakhstan is the greatest country in the world while all other countries are run by little girls
Why is being the least religious country in the world bad? I guess we see you bias then. (you see religion as a good thing)
San Marino has the highest death rate per capita from COVID-19, not Belgium (source: worldometers.info)
Great choice of background music!
Uhh.. Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Asia...
Not sure about other former Soviet Union Countries but in the Estonian SSR, religion was criminalized which could explain the extremely low religious participation
Armenia have the least powerful european passport? Pretty impressive for an Asian country
Something Austria is the worst at? Speaking German.
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Britain - Making Cars that don’t explode.
Slovenia has high taxes and corrupted justice system
austria has worst painters
Something austria is worst at? Hmm wasn't austria the birthplace of a dude with a unique moustache?
Surprised that France doesn't fail at everything given that they love incompetent leaders, government and are constantly rioting and picking fights with nation's that they can't beat (england and germany)  I do not hate France or the french people but you guys need to get your stuff together.
Austria and Slovenia have the highest rate of Lyme Disease.
Doesn't Europe end at asia minor?
Some of these things could be considered best at imho 🤷🏻‍♂️
Austria is the worst country at keeping world peace in the first half of the 20th century.
What EACH is worst at... I believe.
?? Where's England??
Finland is the happiest cuz the sad people just kill themselves
Stop counting not having diversity as a bad thing
Estonia and gender pay gap. Are we talking about just genders compared or does it factor in work hours, what jobs what gender prefers and so on?
Liechtenstein?
Austria is the worst at not getting anschlussed
This series should be made for every continent .......great👍👍👍
France : highest national debt
The country with the least amount of recognition in Europe is not Kosovo, it's Northern Cyprus.
Uh oh he brought up Kosovo, I can't wait for the serbians to claim it's non-existence
Armenia europe?
Being the least religious country is a good thing, because religion is a burden to society.
I would say that Estonia's lowest percentage of religiosity should make the 'what every country is BEST at' list, not worst.   Kudos to Estonia!
Mans included cyprus but forgot about switzerland lol
Kosovo not being recognized as a state makes me so sad even though it’s been well over 20 years since the war ended 😔
When Finland keeps getting the title "World's happiest country" because all the sad people keep killing themselves •_•
5:00 "The least religious country in the entire world."  Sounds like a good thing to me.
Where’s the uk
Wait Estonia has Europe’s largest gender pay gap? That’s strange because Estonia also has the highest ratio of women to men at around 1: 0.82/ 0.84. This seems like a bit of a paradox, kinda like the statistics with Finland.
Hungary: Democracy
Andorra isnt the only country without an airport! San Marino, Liechtenstein, the Vatican dont have one too just to name a few
Why is being last in religion a bad thing? I think that’s a great thing.
Malta InMyOpinion as a maltese 🇲🇹 Too hard to start a business Too much traffic and overpopulation
After 15 years of living in Austria, I absolutely have no idea.
Is Czechia bad at drinking beer? Don’t see why it’s bad
The worst Austrians are in: Starting World Wars and actually win them
Anti European propaganda - they would NEVER make a video like this about Africa or Asia.
Estonia being "worst" in religion is a really good thing.
Why was a lack of religion depicted as a bad thing though?
Uk- Brexit
3:14  America: I’m about to end this mans whole career
Least religious country in the world, i take that as a total win
I wish you could break up the countries in the UK because it would make it more interesting
In defense of Belgium: they are very broad in how they define corona-deaths. The Netherlands for example only counts confirmed cases that pass away. Belgium counts confirmed cases, suspected cases and the amount of people that pass away earlier than is to be expected (excess mortality), which by definition also includes deaths not caused by the coronavirus (for example if usually 100 people die in a certain timeframe, and now it's 110. They count those extra 10 as well).
Not being religious isn't really a bad thing O.o
How the heck is Italy the worst at cultural diversity?
now do every state of america
This video is not allowed in your country  *Browsing from Russia or China*
Fakodonia is the worst at being original.
Austria is the worst at preventing World Wars
As someone who doesn't drink alcohol whatsoever I wouldn't fit in at all in the Czech Republic 😂
my best friend is from denmark (lives there, internet friends ya know) and SHE COMPLAINS ABOUT HOW SHE CANT MAKE FRIENDS NO MATTER HOW MUCH SHE TRIES, CHANGES SCHOOL , GOES TO MEET PEOPLE. EVERYTHING. now it all makes sense to me
How is Estonia having the lowest amount of religious people the worst? I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing.
1:55 - i think you make a lot of Azeri people angry
How the hell is Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan in Europe but Turkey isn’t?
I was waiting to see something about Romania My native shithole country
why is iceland a she?
Portugal is filled with foreigners It has many cultures
When did Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia or Kazakhstan become part of Europe ! ???
austrians are worst at speaking german. their accent/dialect is just awful
Azerbeijan is in no way european
How is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing??!..well done Estonia!
Austria is worst at being nice. the people are generally not very nice.
Belgium also counts the suspected deaths by covid-19, other country don't Please like so That other people can see this because most people don't know this and think we have bad healthcare
Austrians make the worst leaders of Germany..... or at least that one guy in the 30’s and 40’s was pretty bad
At least we have burger king
1:25   Armenia is not in europe!!! WTF?
Wait azerbaijan is in asia....
Austria is worst at creating good leaders
I disagree with the fact that you included the Caucasus region in Europe, good video tho
Wwss
Austria and Slovenia friends forever ❤
And the Netherlands??
RealLifeLore: *calls every country a ‘she’*
was never so proud, to be an austrian
Austria has had the most Adolf Hitlers born it it. Take it the way you want
Me, an Irishman: Well I’m pretty fucked.
kazakhstan, cyprus, kosovo, armenia, georgia and azerbaijan? Why don't you count afghanistan, iran and iraq as europe while you´re at it... And don´t you dare call turkey european in part 2!
Austria is worst at being worst at something
Austrians are the worst at making a duel monarchy work.
Why being not religious would be considered be worst at something? It's like saying that you are the worst at being a muslim state because 95%of your population is Christian or other. Doesn't make any sense
Germany’s bad at winning wars
Nobody - France : MINE
How about a video talking about every european country at its worst in history
Kazakhstan has never competed in Eurovision therefore I don't consider it European.
This sorta reminds me of the Red Flag card game!  Where you going? xD
Don't quite agree that "least religious" is a bad thing. ^^ Sounds pretty good to me. But Europe in General (especially the north) is far less religious than (most) of the rest of the world.
4:02 We're working on it
Andorra has the largest per capita amount of cigarettes SOLD, not smoked. Cigarettes are way cheaper there than in France or Spain, so a lot of their smokers get their fix there. Same issue in Luxembourg.
Austria is the worst at painting
austria is the worst at starting world wars
Austria is famously bad at football
Why is no one flaming you for your horrible pronunciation of Belarus?
nice  after part 2 make "the best at"
How is azerbaijdan in europe lol educate me if i'm wrong
IT!
You should do one of these with the USA; it might be twice as long 😂
There's nothing bad said about Estonia in this video
Austria is pretty bad at vacationing in Ibiza!
Who made this list must be an idiot...
HI
Andorra has such a smoking numbers because they have cheaper cigarettes than neighboring countries so it may be actually lower
Reallifelore:Greece has the 2nd worst debt  Countries that owe Greece more money:😐
But if Austria or Slovenia don't have anything they're the worst at, doesn't that make them the worst at being the worst at things?
Finland is the world's happiest country because because all sad people kill themselves
Austria - Starting World Wars?
Suomi perkele🎉🎉🇫🇮🇫🇮
When did Aserbajdsjan and Georgia become a part of Europe??
i think latvia is worst at being honest
Austria is definitly the worst when it comes to political figures
Austria is the worst at producing successful artists who don't become dictators. Great job guys
Why the fck is Cyprus considered a part of Europe.
Germany: winning wars
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Know what all that number 1 spot was occupied by we Indians.
Finally Africa isn't alone anymore after getting roasted in the "what every country is best at" video
I (as an Austrian) am proud of my country🤗
I can confirm the one for Denmark, it is insanely hard to make friends in our culture, and as well it is really difficult to keep them for longer periods, for an example, I have 1 permanent friend, who I have known since I was born, the rest just dissapear after a while.
I think it's a little naive to call a lack of cultural diversity a bad thing, that's as painfully naive as saying it's automatically good. Life is too nuanced for such basic thinking.
"Received" a McDonalds?? It's hardly a Nobel Prize...
Austrians are the worst at speaking german
Because depressed people claim they’re happy.
Austria is the world's worst in Hitlers per capita. There. Done.
The UK isn't a country. It consists of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Island.
Why are Asian countries here?
Issue with Belgium's corronavirus numbers is we counted every death in retirement homes as corronavirus deaths and other stuff like that.
I’m sorry but this is just a horrible video. I’m Belgian and the virus death rate is literally not the worst problem in our country.
Austria starts 2 World Wars and Slovenia start the Yugoslavia wars
European Russia is no more?
I think that to be the least religious country it a good think
Definitely thought Germany was gonna be "cant win world wars"
Not sure why he mixed in that "something Estonia is best in" into this video... weird
How do you find this info?
Kosovo aint a country its, a state in Serbia. Next time research a little better.
Finland: *this is what it’s like to be chaotic neutral*
I mean, I’m sure some of Belarus’s problems will be fixed pretty soon.
Go Slovenia
When you run out of ideas
In Albania 🇦🇱 we don’t need McDonald we have KFC 🤟much better
LEAST AMOUNT OF CULTURAL INFLUENCE?! Has nobody seen Borat?
Up next : Asia .
Iceland doesn’t sound to bad now
Andorras smoking problem, its because tobacco there is way cheaper than in Spain or France, so the consumptions is based in cigarretes sold per person.....but those cigarretes are usually sold to those foreigner groups
How can you argue the highest regular cannabis use is positive when its proven to make you lazy and susceptible to mental health problems
UK: the worst at going a day without tea
Parts of Turkey is also in Europe!
Apart from pay gap. Estonia seems heaven
thumbnail looks like donda
Did you stop to think maybe Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst?  They just are not good at sucking.
Im from Iraq and live in Germany and tbh people who are homeless here are just to lazy to work. I was once in Berlin and there always these old ladies who begged for money and i once gave her some, then later i saw her walking with a phone in her hand.
I guess Austria is the worst at being the worst at stuff?
Austria has way to many kangoroos       It's a joke, kangoroos are never enough
Britain: Peace
What about Norway and Sweden?
Hmmm...
Austria: started more world wars than any other country in Europe
Can real life lore make an Asia version too?
Austria: worst artists
4:55 based
But Sweden wasnt in The vid??? WHY
Austrians are known for starting both world wars
first time hearing that Armenia's a part of europe
Ladd
How is Armenia and Azerbaijan Europe??
Should do one for every state in the US😬
America is the best at school shootings and worst at legalizing guns
Austria is the worst at taking the blame for starting world wars Slovenia....uh, lemme get back to that one
What exactly is bad about being the least religious country in the world? Estonia is simply ahead of every other nation in that regard.
Andorra: high level of domestic cigarette smoking or a busy smuggling/export market? You choose.
🇺🇲🇬🇷🇺🇲🇬🇷🇺🇲🇬🇷🇺🇲🇬🇷🇺🇲🇬🇷🇺🇲🇬🇷🇺🇲🇬🇷
We Finns have a high quality of life but that leaves us time and energy to think about its meaninglessness
Estonia: why is a low level of religion considered a bad thing?
What's about not being religious is bad?
Italy having the least cultural variety is really weird considering 150 or so years ago it wasn't even unified!
Austria whoop whoop
Andorra: 17 cigarettes per day per person is huge and probably wrong. Andorra is known to have no taxes, that's why tons of French and Spanish go there to buy cheap alcohol and cigarettes, which might inflate the statistics.
It's weird how something considered worst can also be the best.
Austria is the worst at not being nazis
I, as a Slovenian, excited to see what we are worst at. Ten seconds later...disappointed but I guess that’s better XD.
Whats the priblem with death penalty
Why are low religious levels a bad thing?!!!?!! There’s no reason for this whatsoever
Why is DE KONINKRIJK DER NEDERLANDEN not in this list, it starts with a D.
Austria 🇦🇹 : The country which is definitely not actually responsible for the most world wars.     Greetings from Germany 🇩🇪😄
5:08 why being less religious is bad? It is like saying that "France is bad at stabilizing religion because 8% are Muslim." It just doesn't add up you know? talking about religion is middle age stuff when it mattered.
i feel like i live in Denmark
*No, the most beer drink Germany* 💪🏻     Greetings from Germany 🇩🇪😊👋
Albania doesn't even need McDonald's, they have sanduiçs me mandarinë
Some of these are achievements. Love your channel, cheers.
Austria is worst at managing multi-ethnic empires.
I wonder how long it took you to decide which problems to pick for Bulgaria from the gigantic list we have...
Austria is the worst at being Australia
Damn slavery....
Why is it considered bad not being religious for Estonia, for one it could be the best thing ever
After that do the what countries in asia at best and worst at
"Andorra is the LARGEST country in the world that doesn't have an airport"😂
It's Czech Republic, not Czechia...
Switzerland?
Made by an american.
Where's England
Why tf is chezchia about beer, wtf?
Someone forgot to mention the fact that Greece has all the debt
Estonia anyone?
Hmm so ireland has the most cancer... Tell me it's bad to marry my sister...!
I dont see how having a death penalty is a bad thing
What's so bad about having that much beer? Czech isn't the only country like that
The fact that Armenia is in Europe is news to me.
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Why would Estonia being the least religious european country be taken into account as a bad thing ? I'm not saying it's a good thing either, this is a purely subjective matter, however saying it in this way makes it sound like being an atheist is a bad thing imo
Pretty sure the Czechs would consider their drinking issue as a win.
USA : hold my beer.
Russia:"I play on both sides, so i would always came out on top."
Kosovo je Srbija . 🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸
Asia version, My country Myanmar will be worst at hearth care services.
The hardest place to make friends in, seems more like an opinion rather than a fact
Lol how can greece do charirity if they are broke
Ah yes, the *N E G A T I V E* part
0:35 Albania 0:58 Andorra 1:24 Armenia 1:44 Azerbaijan 2:05 Belarus 3:02 Belgium 3:20 Bosnia & Herzegovina 3:33 Bulgaria 3:59 Croatia 4:08 Cyprus 4:32 Czechia 4:44 Denmark 4:50 Estonia 5:10 Finland 5:27 France 5:52 Georgia 6:01 Germany 6:25 Greece 6:58 Hungary 7:06 Iceland 7:35 Ireland 7:45 Italy 8:12 Kazakhstan 8:41 Kosovo
Excuse me 27% sales tax?
Kazakhstan is in Asia, not europe
aust is the best at beeing anchulessed
I don’t know about Worst but Austria is the best when it comes to starting world wars. Two for two. I suppose you could say their the worst at getting credit ?
The way this guy narrates is just unbearable. holy shit. Also armenia, goergia, azerbaijan and kazakhstan aren't countries in Europe. Neither is turkey which is probably in part 2 anyway
The Belgian one is bullshit, they don’t calculate it right
In your face europeans, no offense
Austria is really bad at letting a certain ruthless dictator take over there country with no resistance. And Slovenia is bad at basically having the same name as Slovakia.
"Kosovo has the least amount of recognition of any country in Europe", yeah aside from five countries which you yourself apparently don't recognize as countries. Abkhazia, Artsakh, Northern Cyprus, Pridnestrovie (aka Transnistria) and South Ossetia.
Poland: good at stealing
I had to look up the Iceland cannabis thing. It's not true.  "According to that survey which had a response rate of 58.3%, 35.9% of Icelanders 18-67 years old had at some time tried cannabis. Of those who said they had at some time tried cannabis 18.3% said they had smoked weed in the past year. It is this figure the UN, and the Daily Mail are using when they concluded that Icelanders set the world record in weed smoking.  The correct figure would be 6.6%, which is the proportion of Icelanders who had actually smoked weed in the year 2012. This figure puts Iceland in the 29th place in cannabis consumption internationally."
That's only true for Finland because if the sad people keep killing themselves, there's only happy people left.
how being atheist is a bad thing
Austria is worst at being the worst.
Poland?
why is estonia being the least religious country a bad thing ??????
Dam just because England left the European Union doesn't mean they left the continent 😔
Austria: the worst at uniting its empire
Austria, producing Hitler.
Italy is not culturally diverse? Wtf? Who made that list, an american? Also not being culturally diverse is not necessarily a bad thing 😅
1:57, you forgot that piece of azjereajan thats separated by armenia
Österreich ♥️
Does anyone else hate rll's habit of referring to countries by she?
Guess the netherlands left the EU
7:07 ... That's for real te best...
Bulgaria:Worst population decline  Rusev:Hold my Pe**s
You said Europian countries but where are US and Saudi Arabia?
Iceland has the highest consumption of cannabis in Europe?? What???
Whats your definition of europe? Not the geographical obviously (Azerbaijan, Kazahkstan,...), not the political (Kazakhstan)... Maybe the UEFA members? :D Football seems to be more important than you think over the pond...
> Estonia is the least religious country in the world Are you sure this is a WORST list?
Please do African countries countries next
Estonia being the least religious is surely a good thing
What one views as good can be viewed as another by worst.  So just place a best as a worst fir Austria.
“European countries in Europe” thanks for clarifying that m8
I can't wait to hear about Poland xD The highest amount of defrauded money by politians (I bet we can easily compete with South America by now)? The highest amount of children with depression and the highest suicide rates among them? Highest vodka consumption? Lowest retairments pensions? Holding the most grudges to their neighbour countries? I bet not so many know about the shit show our politians call Smoleńsk Monthly Anniversary and there were already 124 of them (even during Covid lockdown)... Oh dear oh dear which one to pick.
Damn... no wonder nobody knows where Slovenia is... we are to decent to be the worst
least religious is fking good hooray Estonia
Now it's hard for me to accept that lego comes from denmark.
As an Australian I'd like to suggest that Austria is the most misrepresented country in Europe.
Apparently israel doesn't exist
I thought that Greece was famous for the pantheon and high consumption of olives as well as olive oil,not third highest smoking rate in the world
Hi RealLifeLore! I'm a big fan from Albania! I understand that you make videos with valid sources,but Albania is bad at democracy and standing up for them self. Anyway this was a great video!Keep it up with the good work 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Wow, I missed the part where Armenia became a part of Europa...
Saatana virolaiset masentaa     Just a joke
Austria: Worst at making artists...in the 20th century. Goddamnit it won't work, how can I make a Hitler joke if the Austrian have good artists.
I would not say that atheism in Estonia is a bad thing
Me questioning why this video trends in Austria: ? The video after 3 seconds: There ya go
Least religious is something bad? The most religious country should have had that as a negative. But then again, you also listed the fender pay gap myth
You think it's a bad thing that people are not religious? Or that Albania doesn't have MacDonald's? 'Murica Fk Yeah.
You can make an entire video about what Romania is worst at and you will not even finish all facts
This video seems not well researched. Czechs have highest consumption of beer ... as long as the tourist have stag parties here. When those stopped during coronavirus lockdown, the consumption dropped down to not very interesting numbers indeed. Also, I was in Andorra once and all I saw very duty free shops where French and Spanish were shopping boxes and boxes of cigarettes like there is no tomorrow. So, given that Andorra has the highest average life span in Europe, I'm gonna venture a guess that they actually don't smoke 17 cigarettes a day :-/
We are happy, because all the sad people keep killing them self.
I think its painting for austria i fykwm
Germany: Good at: starting World Wars Bad at: winning World Wars
Austria startet 2 World Wars
Azerbaijan and Armenia do not belong to europe!
5:59 not two, three, also Adjaria. Bad research
5:00 on average! How is that a “pay gap” then? Its salary gap, there is no law saying you get more money per hour if you are a man
Austria is wasting the most area per capita for retail
Estonia go leadt religious country like why do u say they are worst at that? U mean best. Religion is just the biggest scam the world has ever seen and a modern society should ban religion to be honest as it devides people nore then bringen then together
ye guys I know I'm from Albania and I think a lot how is like to have an mc Donalds and i say mc Donalds is the best my dream is to try one day. respect to others who have one
Greece least generous... lel
Austria is the worst at not giving birth to Hitler.
No McDonald's is a good thing wtf
Waiting for South East Asia edition
Kosovo is not a country  It's not "refugee" but illegal immigrant  Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are technically not Europe  Also lack of cultural diversity is NOT a bad thing, and you also tried to coorelate it with low GDP growth rate. Please keep your far-left propaganda out of the videos ty
How the hell is having least religion bad? It's more like they're the best at it.
Austria: worst at not getting annexed by Nazis.
Is being the least religious even a bad thing
Other countries : preety bad stuff  Croatia : eww they don't use trains?!?!
how is georgia europe? .... its not.
Bro you should take a geography class
Well, Austrians are the worst at painting.
Austria is the worst at making artists
So most of the  comparisons are not with the  entire world but with the  European countries, for ex cyprus has slowest internet speed at 6.9mbps.. meanwhile iraq has speed of 1.6 in the world
Russia is not in europe?
It's not that bad that people in Estonia don't think religion is the most important thing in your life. Mental and physical health should be on top, not some 'sky daddy' who might not even exist.
Estonia’s non-religiousity is the best thing and not the worst thing.
Austria and Slovenia are two of my absolute favorite countries! That makes me so happy that they are not the worst in anything! Besides, they have the best music in the world (in my opinion) Austrian and Slovenian folk music are my absolute favorite types of music!
Kazakhstan, greatest country in the world All other countries are run by little girls
Do we mean ethnically European or geography, cause I’m confused now
Bulgaria is not the poorest country in the EU lmfao, try Moldova
In Austria it has closed all mosques in the country
Since when is Armenia,Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Georgia in Europe? Where are the other European countries, this done probably by some US educated moron.
That one about underage smokers must be a joke, i can tell it's higher here in Spain like 2% of the girls is absurdly too small to be the highest in Europe
Armenia in Europe ? oO
Czech Republic: Highest amount of beer consumed. Wait, isn't that something they are best at then, not worst?
I m happy to be an austrian
How the heck does Azerbaijan and Armenia belong to europe?
"Kosovo has the least amount of recognition per any state in Europe" Transnistria: 👀
Don't trust the Belgian corona statistics. We count it as a covid death as long as the person had covid before death, even if the person had no symptoms.
Armenia isnt in Europe🤦🏼‍♂️
Entire Europe is going to become Europistan
I am Austrian, actually there are no bad things.
There's a huge amount of cigarettes sold in Andorra for contraband in France, so depending on how you came across that number, they may not consume that much cigarettes on average
Hej, I don’t think Azerbajgan is in Europe, it’s Asia.
So its not every country... Even with the disclaimer theres still countries missing
Brexit means brexit
As for Iceland and weed, I'd argue that Estonia having the lowest % of religious beliefs makes it the best, not the worst.
I believe the data for smokers per capita of Andorra is wrong. Spaniards and French residents often buy as much cigarretes boxes as they can at a low price because Andorra has way lower taxes. It goes the same for alcohol.
Andorrans do not actually smoke the most in Europe. The statistic is misleading. The reason why their tobacco consumption is inflated is because their cigarette prices are a fraction of what they are compared to Spain or France. Given its tiny size and border to these countries, their cigarettes are bought up in huge numbers by the Spaniards and French.
Estonia, least religious in the world... that’s the greatest result of any nation ever.
Romania?
Cyprus has faster internet than me. 😅
What about Austria producing the worst man to ever live... ie Hitler...
As of my understanding, some countries like armenia are part of europe and not asia ? Pls explain
Lmao im slovenian living in austria... noobs
Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are in Asia, not Europe.
Fun fact: in Italy 🇮🇹 you don't graduate from college, you graduate from university.
The UK is the worse at having a functioning government.
I dont think that Kazahstan is in europe -   _-
Speaking in favour of Andorra: -they have no room for an airport in the middle of the mountains -they sell most of cigarettes to French, Spanish and Catalan tourists, there are a lot cheaper because taxes That's why this number is so high.
*RLL on Czech republic worst thing:* "Highest beer consumption per capita" *Almost every Czech:* "I see this as an absolute win!"
Austria: the worst at being German
armenia and kazakhstan in europe? what?
Poland : "I have no job, but I can still drink vodka"
Kosovo is pronounced "koss-ovo" . Also , Armenia and Azerbaijan are in Asia not Europe. I'm the worst in the world for not pointing out mistakes 😁😁😁
Estonia is that atheist? Great! Why is it considered bad?
So there is no mc Donalds in Albania ?  Am I the only one who thinks that's a major achievement ? In Germany they are everywhere and I think its horrible...  horrible food horrible taste horrible health horrible style  and its relatively expensive as well compared to other fast-food.... So no Mc Donalds is a major indicator for life quality, at least for me!
"Italy, the least cultural diverse country" is one of the biggest bullshit I've ever heard. I mean, it has an enormous cultural diversity: every region has it's own dialect, food and customs which are a lot different from the others and it also has French and German influences in the north and Greek and Arabic influences in the south. Just get informed on how much culturally diverse Italy is.
Well Austria is bad at accepting their art students.
Two out of the first four countries in tgis list are not even in Europe. Nit gonna watch any further. I bet later there will be India, Argentina and Iraq on the list too. Americans shouldnt make videos about Europe
Austria has the worst salads in Europe... the literally put sugar in their salads!
simple answer, freedom!
You are wrong that Greece is not generous to others
For part 2, I can say that, as a Romanian, Romania is worst at polithics, trust me
Isn't Armenia in Asia?
Umm... Why didn't Latvia have a place on the list? If it not the worst of anything and, im proud.
i thought germany was the worst at winning world wars
Congrats for double century of videos
GR least generous? we will take you in and feed you if you need it
The gender pay gap isn’t real
Austria is bad at winning world wars...
'I couldn't find what Austria and Slovenia was the absolute worst at, so if you are from there, bad news'  Austrians and Slovenians: Isn't that Good news?
In Azerbaijan, lowest rate of vehicle ownership  LOL maybe vehicle type he means excludes Toyota Corolla?
Austria is the worst at getting into art schools
1:25 In school we have been tought that this is Asia not Europe.....
Austria is the best at exporting genocidal fascists. As an Irishman that cancer rate is crazy. The common folk law is that the Irish sea has been used for nuclear waste dumping and run-off from the UK but I’m not sure how true that is
Stop spreading false information
Greece is Fake only the smoking is true
I heard France’ new flag is made of entirely white cloth
Austrians: Worst influence on world peace in the 20th century
I don't understand why having the least religious people in a country is the worst thing about the country.
If the Caucasus mountains are considered the border of Europe, why are countries south of the mountains often included in lists of European countries? Culturally they don't have any connections to Europe either.
Is death penalty a problem? For the condemned surely yes, but for the good people surely not
Country with the most porn star in europe?     ...I'll be back in 5 days :)
Hmm seems bullying Europe has became a habit for you ( just joking )
Austrian people are bad at being friendly
Just curious, how do you determine which country is a 'he' or a 'she'?
05:43 that's a lot of fruit for 3 ppl
Belgium corona cases is a bit biassed as they have counted much more than other countries (for example, during the first wave everyone dying in retirement homes were counted as covid cases)  Belgium is like bad at a ton of stuff though. A better pick would have been “forming a government” we are on our way of breaking the world record of longest government forming (previous record is already ours)
I don't want to insult Austrians but  they're very, VERY unfriendly with their neighbours... ( neighbouring states )
Austria is the worst at being bad at things
Curious about what he's gonna say about The Netherlands lol
Bulgaria: 111th in the World Press Freedom Index, making it the worst in Europe! Also it's the most corrupt country in the European union.
Estonia: Least religious  Isn't that just a good thing?
Austria: the unfriendliest capital city - I belive Vienna was at one point, or still is, the unfriendliest city in the world.
You didn't highlight the exclave of Azerbaijan. Probably a lot of others said it but I didn't see comments stating that.
You got fooled by Andorra's "smoking problem", it's mainly because of all the French people who go there to buy cheaper cigarettes.
05:23, maybe it's just emotion inequality in the Finnish people🇫🇮, meaning there is a huge variation in feelings of the people there.
Don't even mention Sweden. It'll be an entire video by itself!
why didi you even put kosovo
The reason finland is the most happiest country is because all the depressed people died
austria is the worst at producing artists that don't commit genocide
Austrians are worst at speaking English without being called Arnold within 5 seconds
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars in 1900s
Interesting.
Is there a video for the best features of these countries?  I have seen a video for the world, but I am interested for Europe especially.
without the refuuges we wouldnt have that much homeless and we would be richer cuz they only receive money from the state and dont work, they weaken our economy
Czech - Highest beer consumption  Austria & Slovenia: ”Welcome in the club, brother”
Here in germany our internet is even slower than in cyprus
Austria is the worst at getting blamed for world wars
Checked the Greece dept: second highest in relation to is GDP in the world is false! 1 minute of googling and you can figure out its on place 10. And in Europe its not on place one, but on place 7!
Germany is worst at internet
Italy: lowest rate of college graduation  Me: watching this instead of studying  Well done 👍
Did you know that Greece is the most sexualy active country in Europe and in the world
Slovenia: Worst at having an unmistakable name. Besides Slovenia there's Slavonia and Slovakia...
Estonia being the least religious country sounds pretty positive to me.
I feel a sudden need to go to Iceland
i fall asleep to your voice
I'm the worst at....well everything.
Wait a minute: Being the least religious country is not a bad thing. Neither is not having McDonald's
Half of these aren’t even bad things
What is Austria worst at? It is the homeland of the creator of the bloodiest war in history: the mustache man.
Austria is the worst at not having people from there starting world wars by being in the wrong place.
austria is most likely to start a world war and blame another country for it
Stop staying she when talking about a country goddamnit. It’s cringe
When you live in Belgium and didn't think coronavirus was that bad.
wheres Turkey
Background music?
Bosnia also has a huge political corruption problem too!
Do a what every country in europe is best at
Well if you would ask a German, he/she would probably answer, that Austrians are the worst at speaking German.
So not EVERY country I guess :)
All countries east of istanbull or south of Russia and east of the urals isn’t europe
I’ll stand up for Belgium a little. They have the highest KNOWN Covid-19 death rate, but many countries lack the means or honesty to accurately report their situation.  Belgium seems worst because they are willing and able to afford their coronavirus deaths where these deaths would fly under the radar in many countries.
Should do Oceania next
So Belarus is the US of Europe
Ukraine: the funniest Parliament in Europe
How is being the least culturally diverse state a bad thing?
AMERICA is the worst at being the worst
Austria: worst at ...  giving us Hitler.
Kosovo is a part of Serbia
how is not being religious bad?
Nope, having more druggies makes Iceland the worst in Europe. There is no valid argument that makes it the "best".
Usually I think your videos are good introduction to the subjects they are talking about. However here, no justification, source, factcheckingor whatsoever can support each statement, which lasts not even 20 seconds (bc video length must stay under 10'?). A bit disappointed, you are better than that :)
Austria is the worst at producing succesful artist
Nobody (at least the German citizens) must be homeless in Germany... but they want to be
Russia isn't Europe?! Are you kidding?!
Austrians are worst at speaking german
1:05 (pretending not to see a comment about this earlier)  That's most likely foreigners who purchase from Andorra. They have the highest life expectancy rate (in the world btw) at 87 years.
since when is armenia in europe???
Hey, drinking beer is not a bad thing
So me and my parents are from Bosnia just saying. Also I don’t take that as an insult because it is true I see factories all over the place basically
The world thinks europe is the best now 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
austria and denmark are the first to annouce covid 19 cases  slovenia has bad drivers
RLL I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!❤️
austria is worst at copying other country's name.
Bulgaria is not poorest country in Europe
Also France:  most millitary defeats
We have lot of culture diversity in Italy and we don't need foreigners to have that
YEEEEAA every country where is Poland Latvia Lithuania?
Denmark: stays in top 10 happiest country in the planet list.   Also Denmark: Hardest country to make friends in.  Are you saying I was happy all along? 😇
Austria: worst at making it through 1938
My country missing, see ya all in Part 2.
Estonia is the worst at... believing in stupid fairy tales? Oh, the humanity!
wow, as austrian i have never been dissappointed this fast in a video. :(
Austria: Worst social support systems for struggling painters.
His pronunciation of Bosnia and Herzegovina makes me quite sad.
I’ll take useless facts for -350. What is third world country.
Austria is bad at not having ostriches.  Sorry for the bad pun.
Bosnia has the worlds worst land mine problem. Thanks Serbia 😂
How the hell is Italy the least culturally diverse
Estonia - Least religious country in the world...why is that at the WORST Part???
Why is armenia in Europe?
On Estonia... I would've never expected this country to even imply that lack of religion was a bad thing.
The UK is worst at having a functional political system.
Would this be a series as I’d love that. Two (or more) for each continent
0:45 that doesn't seem like a bad thing
Finland being the happiest country in the world and the country with the most depression actually makes perfect sense to me. People compare themselves to people around them on everything and judge themselves accordingly. Someone who's always worked 40 hours a week since he turned 18 would be considered diligent in most of the world but lazy by Japanese standard. So considering yourself or someone else depressed by the standard of the happiest country in the world is kind of a low bar.
well i guess finland had the least worst problem of them all... HELL YEAHHH     im from finland so thats why i care
Me as an American:      TO ICELAND IT IS!!  🇮🇸
Belgium also counts the deaths of elders who die in a retirement home so our death rate isn’t very accurate really :/
How is "worst at" and "least religious" even remotely compatible? In my world, being the least religious country is something they are BEST at. At that point i got fed up with this video because it's all just a bunch of poorly constructed opinions.
So Albania doesn’t have a mcdonald’s? I guess i gotta not going to Albania.
Finland = bi-polar
Austrians created Hitler
I heard Austria has the worst painters
Do this with the United States
At :50 seconds...Albanian scientists baffled by a wireless Apple keyboard not working like an ipad.
Do the countries in the americas and Asia next
america beats all these countries at being the worse
WAKE UP! The Tribulations are coming very soon! Jesus will be returning near the end of the tribulations! Repent now! Turn away from your sins and follow Jesus Christ who died for your sins! All the world events have been prophesied, they have been predicted in the Bible and are happening right now! Storms, earthquakes, flooding, fires, locusts, asteroids, and rioting (lawlessness/sin). Many nations are going to form an alliance and attack Israel. There are going to be famines and tons of extreme destructive weather and sickness. The world is going to follow the New World Order in which everyone is united under one government and it will be an evil one. They will pretend to be peaceful and loving, but when the time comes they will tear the world apart and start killing everyone. "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. (Matthew 24:7 King James Version)" "And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven. (Luke 21:11 King James Version)" "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke (Joel 2:30 King James Version)" . You are all sinners, just like me! You are wicked and live in lies! Repent now or you will be thrown into the pit of fire! The wages of sin are death! "23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23 King James Version) Here is the good news! You can be saved, and taken out of the world before this time comes and be with Jesus Christ! "16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. (John 3:16 King James Version)" "15 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;  2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.  3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;  4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: (1 Corinthians 15:1-4 King James Version)" . ABC's of Salvation (How to be Saved): "9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. (Romans 10:9-10 King James Version)" Admit you're a sinner and that you need to be saved and forgiven, and that you can't enter into Heaven by your own works but by Jesus Christ. Believe in Jesus Christ truly with all your heart and that He died on the cross for your sins, and rose on the third day. Commit/Call to God with all of your heart, and pray to God. Ask for forgiveness and to be given the gift of salvation and to be sealed by the Holy Spirit. REPENT! . Then continue to walk in His light, and hold His hand and let Him guide you through life and protect you. No one can take you out of His hand. "28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.  29 My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.  30 I and my Father are one. (John 10:28-30 King James Version)" . "40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. (John 6:40 KJV)" . Thanks be to God forever and ever! Glory be to God forever and ever! God bless you! Amen.
>says death penalty is bad
Austria is the most mis-pronounced country
Very interesting.
Who also did not know what Kosovo was until now?
Belgium is the worst hit by COVID by death San Marino: uhh hello???
Bruh cypress has better internet than me
You got a death wish?  I feel this is how a country will look at you and blame you.
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates✌️Non-Duality
2:24 you left out the US
Well I mean like Hitler can from Austria sooooooo💀
"Albania has no McDonald" This youtuber is proudly american indeed
Thing Austria is worst at: Being district from Australia.
How is no religion a bad thing
Austrians produced hitler
What about England
He said Czech Republic’s problem as if it were a bad thing lol
Austria is the worst at not being Anchlussed.
Borat: Although Kazakhstan is GLORIOUS cowntry, it hev many many Jew.
1:40 AN AUSTRIAN PAINTER  - Some Facebook Factbot Page
Wait why is atheism on the "worst at list"? That seems more subjective than anything else if it's bad or good.
American here. We’re worse at all those things by a factor of at least 100.
Austrians are the best at convincing the world that Hitler was German
Poland: lgbtq+ rights
Estonia: Least religious. I thought this video was supposed to be about a country's negative points.
Why don't you make a "What things are South American countries worst at?" Wait, I'll answer for you: it's politics. Literally, I can tell that as I am argentinian
This just means Belgium has the most accurate testing system. 💯
Estonia: least religious. Isn't Estonia the best and not the worst in it?
So...Albania is bad at getting a McDonald’s franchise in they’re nation?
Death penalty in Belarus is problem because the way of the used But death penalty is not a bad thing
Real life lore I suggest you don't continue with part two. What you say hurt people living in these countries. This was a bad idea from the beginning. I'm really disappointed
Oh no he’s running out of ideas
“Italy has the worst growth rate, but look at all these kids in Kazakstan who are smoking cigarettes!”  This video is nonsense.
I fail to see how Belarus having capital punishment is a bad thing.
How is Azerbaijan in Europe??
So now when Kazakstan is European, then we will not see it in any episodes about Asia or the middle east I guess
Austria: the worst at not unionizing with a genocidal government
I swear this video was just so you could pull off that Segway into the skill share ad
Austria: successful art school graduates.  Slovenia: successful US first ladies.
I refuse to believe the French smoke less than 17 cigarettes a day.   Their elementary kids can beat that number.
What about norway
At least Albania is Maccas free. Big marks from me!
Austrians are the worst at being in German
4:59 I like how you list all these bad facts and then this random awesome fact.
also how is being the least religious country a bad thing? You don’t need religion to be a good person. Religion is quite obsolete
You being least religious country is actually an accomplishment
Uhhh I'm pretty certain that Kazakhstan is not in Europe. Neither is Armenia or Azerbaijan...
Forgot to mention that Germany is also the worst at winning world wars :/
Austria has highest world wars started count per capita and lowest world wars won count per capita
So Armenia 🇦🇲 and Azerbaijan 🇦🇿 are Europeans? Ive heard one time that Armenia was, but azeris land.:.
Czechs are wondering how that's a bad quality 😆🇨🇿🍻
Austria: has the worst world leader exportation record
why is armenia there?
I mean Hitler was Austrian sooo
Austria: worst at producing art students
Are u kidding me ? I'm sorry but the fact about Belgium is wrong. Belgium has not been struck the worst from the Corona virus. The only reason why the numbers are high is because we counted everything as a covid situation. So for example if you had a coff they would count it as a covid situation or if someone would just die they would also count it as a covid situation. We have good hospitals and insurances so we can go to the doctor for everything (so Yes even something small) And mostly this would be counted as a covid situation. I'm not saying that we didn't have a lot of Covid situations but it's definitely not what the media and a lot of People say. And our worst thing is definitely our government or taxes.
Armenia and Turkey aren't in Europe... Good lord
You showed a good thing for Estonia
I don't live in Europe, apparently
Iceland: weed + incredible scenery = Get me there!
Why Turkey wasnt inculuded in this video and  some  countrys in eu
The worst part of the video is that Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia and Kazakhstan aren't part of Europe. They are part of Eurasia
Dear RealLifeLore could your next video please be ' What if Benelux United?' If it gets in the top 20 comments and manages to hit 10 likes in 3 minutes
5:00 seems wonderful. I'm a man and I hate religionas
Austria: Resisting to have sex with your house maid
So where do u find these ads at 2:49 And at 4:38 And 5:41 And 5:50 And 6:41 And so on?
Everyone in Denmark is busy with LEGO.
Hot tamales are like Mike and Ikes cousin
austria - caused the most world wars
austria is pretty good at starting world wars, they're two for two. worst at keeping the peace i guess
Cyprus: Under occupation by TR and UN. EXCUSE ME WHAT??  Azerbaijan: Nakhchivan not included in map...  It’s clear that you are not very friendly with Turkish race, I have watched your videos for over years and it’s clear that it’s time to unsubscribe your channel. I’m not nationalist but that doesn’t mean I will accept the hate towards my nationality.
8:42 incoming angry Serbs
What about England
Why would Estonia not being religious be a bad thing?
Philippine's geography next
Meanwhile, just chilling underneath everyone else having their own debate, in Australia
The caucuses literally aren't in Europe. Its east of the Russian European border. Its east of Istanbul. Why would it be in Europe
Germany: Winning Wars.
Gotta say Estonia not being religious is just subjective. I couldn't care less to be honest.
Austria: produces the world's worst failed painter.
Austria is the worst at being australia
There wasn’t even Spain and Portugal just bruh
What every country in Europe is WORST At: Being on the same continent as the UK.
Finland also nearly ratted out the rest of the world about the space cash.
Albania "Its literally the only country in Europe to have never received an McDonald's" I see this as a good thing.
Austria is the worst at breeding outside the family
Armenia is in asia
You're saying Czechia has the WORST rate of beer consumption in Europe? I'd say they have the best rate of beer consumption in Europe! I don't blame them either, Czech beer is awesome
0:26 these are good news xD 🇦🇹
Pretty sure that Belgium 🇧🇪 is still doing better than the USA 🇺🇸
Austria is the worst at not being germany
Why is being non-religious bad?
Isn't Armenia completely in Asia though?
Quite surprised to hear Italy being so not culturally diverse. I would've thought it had a rich culture, although that culture is probably its own.
Austria: The worst to react to the assassination of an Arch Duke.
"Estonia is the least religious country in the entire world." That's a problem? That sounds like paradise  Edit: again, why is being the highest consumer of cannabis a problem?
Finland in sunday : oh its a beautiful day tn my life Finland in monday : i think ill comiting suicide today
I'll fit right in Denmark
Austria is the worst at not being confused
Estonia least religious...is a good thing
iceland and ireland are islands
Austria is the worst at not being Germany
5:07 What the problem with the "not a religious country" ? That don't make it worse.... Look like this video is made by a religion fanatic...
There is only 1 things Australia is bad at and that’s finding concentration camps...
Austria is pretty bad at not producing an insane, racist, cruel dictator.
Finish people: It is a great day today!... but why tho🤔😐😔
1:44 for Azerbaijan your map does not show the exclave of Nakhchivan.
How are Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan in Europe? Are we going with the same faulty logic as the Euroasiaaustralovision or?
Yep Belgium has the most deaths per habitant indeed but we have 10 000 deaths for 65 000 infected people mainly because almost all the old people who would die in retirement home would be associated with covid same in hospitals.   And for Andorra the number you got was cigarettes bought per inhabitant probably because there's no tax. 17 cigs per people is way too high to be true I believe
Impossible that iceland smokes more weed then the netherlands
"iceland has the highest consumption of canabis products in europe. though you could argue that this is what she's best at" so american to say that about weed after passing the opportunity to say it about beer and irreligion smh
Traditionally Spanish and French people go to Andorra to buy cheap tobacco that's why you have such high tobacco consumption there.  Also it's the preferred tax haven for Spanish youtubers
Österreich ehre
To be fair, I'm Greek and I know quite a few Albanians who have published scientific papers, just not in Albania. Also, Greece's debt-to-GDP ratio has now gone up to 200%, thanks to the catastrophic policies of the ruling right-wing party. Fun fact: this is one of the two parties that nearly bankrupted Greece! It goes to show how susceptible people are to right-wing pandering and 'patriot' demagogues.
PLEASE DO NOT LOB THE UK AS ONE COUNTRY...
Your statistics on Andorra might be skewed if they are based on the number of cigarettes sold, as it is a VERY popular destination to buy cigarettes from in France (and possibly Spain, but I do not know).
RealLifeLore Austria has the largest calorie intake out of any european country
You left out England so I assume you will do UK.... but UK isn’t a country....
YESSS
Austria, worst father (Josef Fritzl)
Czechia: highest beer consumption per capita in Europe  this can go two ways: Czechia: worst country in Europe at... remaining sober? also Czechia: best country in Europe at drinking lots of beer
You do know that some of the countries aren’t in Europe. They’re technically part of Asia
Hey RLL,  you’ve made a video about how two planes almost crash into each other. I think you should make a video how two plane actually crash into each other. Two plane over New York crash into each other in the 1960s
where is russia?
You missed a good record- Moldova Its the most corrupted and poorest in Europe.
Me after watching the video:   Azerbaijan is in Europe?
thank you for these sorts of videos
Denmark's challenge accepted.
Austria: worst at winning world wars
Some people have added some criticism, and rightfully deserved. You should've done more thorough research into WHY Belgium has the highest rate of deaths in Europe. They're incredibly generous in what they call a "Covid Death", if you get hit by a car and test positive, your cause of death would be COVID.
1:45 sad Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic(Azerbaijan exclave) noise
Austria’s could be worst at not getting anchlussed
Thank god for skillshares lessons about reducing my genetic diseases and cancer.
Austria: causing both world wars
What? You claim you can "argue" that the high usage of cannabis in Iceland is not a "bad" thing but the beer consumption on Czech republic is definitely bad?  There are at least a dozen of other examples of things that are neither OBJECTIVELY "good" or "bad".   What a shit video.
Actually, people in Andorra don’t smoke more than in other european countries. In Andorra cigarettes have much lower taxes than in Spain or France, so many spanish and french people go there and buy as much as they can.
The USA: I have all these problems
Russia doesn’t consume the most alcohol?
Austria worst thing....       Producing Hitler?
Finland is suffering from success.
How did you stick Armenia and those other central Asian countries in Europe?
Diversity is division people!
Greece is drawning in debts, corruption, refugees, self-destruction but their greatest problem still remains the Republic of Macedonia 🇲🇰...
Andorra: having the worst smoking problem   *Indonesia: hold my indomie*
Great Video! However, I happen to know that Slovenia has the least influence on the world stage. If your interested where I found this information, just let me know. Anyways, great video!
Coronavirus cases were counted differently in Belgium than in most other countrie. Before tests were widely available, any death that had symptoms similar to Covid were counted as covid deaths, including in nursing homes. Belgium was probably one of the hardest hit countries, but THE hardest, maybe not, it's actully hard to say. And for Andorra, they sell a lot of cigarettes to neighbouring countries citizens because of no VAT, that's probably where you got your number.
Is the Czech beer consumption really the worst? We, the Czechs, take pride in our beer. I’d say that most of us would disagree with you on that one.
Kosovo isnt even a country
Estonia: Largest gender pay gap Me: Oh yeah, that's very bad indeed. Also Estonia: Least religious country Me: ... Was that supposed to also be a bad thing?
If you don't say in the best part of belgium that we have the best beer in the world i'm gonna be realy angry
Austria is the worst at being the worst at something
Austria - The worst for starting world wars. The have been the source of two: 1) Archduke Ferdinand's death, and 2) Hitler, who was actually Austrian.
leeeeeeeeettttttttttttt'ssssss goooooooo slovenia cannot do bad things, right...right?
RLL: if you know something Austrians are worst at.. me, an Austrian:  ._.
Iceland also has the highest rate of Chlamydia in all of Europe. That honestly sounds a lot worse than any of the statistics you mentioned.
What is modern slavery, and how does it differ from primitive slavery?
4:36 yeah we make the best beer in universe.. So we Will fucking enjoy it 😂😂❤❤🇨🇿🇨🇿
"Italy is the least culturally diverse nation in Europe." Are we still seeing this as a bad thing?
Thanks. Now I’m sad
make a video about if all slavic countries united. like slavistan or something.
Great vid. Keep it up
Listing all of these negative issues about Albania and mentioning in one sentence, that there is no McDonald's ? That's like saying America is great and has Donald Trump.
Honestly some of these aren't that bad. Like Estonias lack of religion can be really good from someones point of view
Since describing anything as “worst” or “best” is subjective, I find it interesting that the only one of these things that you bother throwing in your opinion on is cannabis, even though the current scientific consensus on that is that even though it’s not nearly as dangerous as some drugs, it still has some negative effects and addictive effects.
What about moldova 🇲🇩
Austria is the worst country when it comes to not starting world wars
I feel many of these countries aren't in Europe? Or since when are they? Even when I Google Europe, they don't show up. Even his thumbnail doesn't include them
Did you do what every USA state is best and worst at?
Please do Romania!!!
Armenia has no land on Europe
I thought Moldova was the poorest country
A bunch of these countries arent even in europe like wtf azerbaijan and Armenia is faar away from europe
Germany: Largest number of lost world wars
How to roast europe in a nutshell:
How is being the least religious or being without a mcdonalds bad?
Austria: Only Country responsible for two world wars
Turkey
I wouldn't say Estonia is the worst at practicing religion. I'd say they are the best at rejecting it.
Being an atheist, I'd say that Estonia being the least religious is a good quality. :)
America: worst country in the world at pronuncing the names of European countries.
About Andorra smoking problem, I think the number is wrong because actually many French and Spanish people go there to buy cigarette carton because they are tax free.
Literally every country in Europe: “Well at least we’re not the US...”
Would disagree that Estonia having the least religious population is a bad thing lol
Up next,  what every state in the United States is worst at
17lt of pure alcohol is 34000ml of 100 proof (50%) which is 93ml per day. So 3 shots, not 1 shot per day.
Estonia not being religious is a bad thing?
Estonia is the best religious country in the world.
Some countries aren't even Europe
Really interesting video!
Austria caused the most world wars      Death of Franz Ferdinand    Birth of Adolf Hitler
Since when are countries east of Turkey in Europe?
Awesome video loved it from 🇦🇱🇽🇰
Austrians are worst at containing corona in the early days. Seriously. Up to 50% of all infections in Germany would not have happened if they shut their Hotspots.
Austria is the worst at making world leaders
How the fuck does "Least religious coutry in the world" qualify anyone for this list? That's a great thing after all!
I never heard anyone refer to Armenia or Azerbaijan as European
So drinking the most beer is bad but smoking the most cannabis is good. Right. I also feel Europe is what RealLifeLore is worst at and that it is best at nothing. Not the first bad video from RLL. Another one and I am going to unsubscribe.
A bit of a controversial topic this one fella!
Slovenia has the worst energy and climate plan, according to the European Climate Foundation’s most recent assessment.  Austria is home to possibly the most inbred former royal house in Europe: the Habsburgs.
Austria has the worst art school acceptance rates
The video hasn't loaded yet, what did he say Cyprus is the worst at?
Cries in Isle of Man🇮🇲
USA Liberal Millenials: “bUt eVeRyThInG iN EuRoPe iS bEtTeRrRrrrr!!!”
The thing Austria is worst at is not producing Nazi dictators
Austria has KTM, Glock, and Red Bull. These are a few of my favorite things...
Germany:The worst at winning world wars
I know what Austria and Slovenia are the worst at: having a coastline
Czechia: highest consumption of beer.  Sounds more like an accomplishment than being the worst at something.
4:45 Denmark not Switzerland??!😅
Austria is the worst at not Being Inbred!  😂
Austria is the worst at invading Serbia
Austrias one is giving birth to Hitler, I dont think you can match that.
Making inmigrantes integrante to their society
Belgium: I have the worst coronavirus  USA: did you say something?
As a belgian i don't agree since we include deaths who we think are related to corona virus but arent tested there were others things u could have mentiont Such as worst country at creating a federal goverment  We have a record for that! And we also don't have one now
You forgot Armenia: worst % of landmass on the European continental plate at 0% even less than Kazakhstan
Not having a McDonald's is a bad thing???
0:45 why is that a bad thing
4 things  1. Austria is the worst at keeping there dukes alive 2. We just gonna ignore how he butchered the pronunciation of ‘herzgovinia’ in bosnia and herzgovinia 3. Estonia ngl sounds like my kinda counrty 4. Actually nah iceland sounds better
How is not being religious a bad thing
3:58 Is this supposed to be bad?
Kazakhstan: in my country we have problem, and that problem is...
One-ideology state is also an important problem of Greece. The main three parties for instance are a Radical Leftist, a Social Democrat and a Liberal Progressive, all of them being generally left-wing. There is hardly any right-wing or centrist representation.  Mass government-controlled media is also an issue.
Uk is the reason Europe is bad
Austria: Hitler's Birthplace. I Mean that alone would count as a big con for most people.
I think it's a good thing if a country is the least religious.
"Czechia is worst in beer consumption."  As Czech I would say best instead of worst.
Czech Republic: *higher beer consumption* Is that really a problem? It's like Oktoberfest but 365 days long
Not having a McDonald's is good
Austria Worst At Cost
Kazakhstan is a european country now? I thouht its Central ASIA
U forgot turkey
Austria is the worst at being the worst at things.
Austrian and especially Viennese are the worst at being friendly.
Austria is the best in worldwide average consumption of kcal per capita, the only one before the US. But I think thats a best and not a worst indeed. :)
7:50 Are you saying that not having diversity is bad? I see that as a good thing
I believe Belgium has the highest COVID-19 mortality rate not because they have a particularly bad health care system, but because they tally deaths differently. If an elederly person dies and is suspected of having coronavirus, they get tallied, even if they have not been confirmed to have the virus (whilst other countires only count confirmed deaths due to COVID-19).
Kazakhstan, Armenia and Azerbaijan are not Europe, end of  They are Central Asia even though their wet dream is to be European  It’s like me making a video about the USA and starting to include Monterrey or Toronto in the list “just because... why not” This channel used to be good but it going downhill fast
Armenia and Azerbaijan aren't in Europe tho, they're in the Middle East.
I left after 30s and you know why
Kazakhstan may have the least amount of cultural influence but they're the world leading exporter of Potassium.
Hi
What happened to Italy?
Hey! Im from Slovenia and its ok that you didint find anything about that... Acually i would take that as somekind of a compliment :) btw love your vids.
I don't owe anybody anything now because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
I'm gonna go to Estonia for........... reasons
Id argue that Estonia not being religious is the thing its best at lol
You don't mention Spain mate...
I simply don't understand why being the least religious country was considered the worst...
Very interesting.
Bruh i live in belgium and i didnt even knew corona was bad here
Austrian’s are the worst at taking art school rejections
Austria is the worst at not being Austria. Boom. I should take over your job.
✝️ Fellowship invite
Theory:   Finland has so many depressed people because they all moved there to try to be happy.   But you can’t escape depression. Doesn’t matter if you are in the happiest country
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Austria is worst at wine exporting
....This videos has multiple mistakes in it and i am honestly wondering how they got into it,Andorra for example its tourists etc buying the cigarettes and there is west asian countries in it?? like i understand perhaps Armenia but Kazakhs are literally Asian
Kosovo is not a country !!
Yay Austria!!!! Go you!
6:12  I just saw five today, one camping on the side of the road, and four behind the train station. At our university library, there is one regularly sleeping in the foyer. It doesn't affect one any more, as harsh as it sounds. Still actually kinda shocking for such a prosperous country like Germany, which is so wealthy, that some bus shelters resemble little houses. (sadly there was a homeless living in Tennenlohe's luxurious bus shelter)
Germany is the worst win lose ratio in world wars.. They lost 2
84% of Estonians think religion is not important RLL: "Thats a bad thing am i right or am i right lads"
Denmark: Hardest country to make friends in.  Den følte jeg (I felt that)
5:00 isn't lack of religion a good thing tho?
I thought Armenia , Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Kazakhstan was in Asia?
Austria had some pretty "bad" painters that ended up messing Europe
Belgium’s worst problem you could find is it’s corona deaths? That can’t be right...
5:00 how is least religious country a bad thing?
Estonia: Least religious nation in the world. Me: How is that a bad thing?
Italy is filled with racists and xenophobes
5:00 As an European I don't see how this is bad?
I'm Austrian and I feel honored that my country isn't the worst at anything
Denmark: it’s hard to make friends here Introverts: were going on a trip
Austria has the highest density of hitlers
Subtitles would be a good idea. Can't tell if you're saying 50 or 15, most of the time.
Something for Austria is that Austrians caused the start of both world wars if you think about it.
"Least religious country in the world"...how is that a PROBLEM?  Estonia sounds awesome :D
Who's moving to Iceland??
And what exactly is bad in being the least religious country in the world?
Austria is worst at not being confused with Australia
It's pronounced Slow-vee-nia, not Slo-venya.
AUSTRIA!
i wouldn't say austrians have problems, but the country itself has a lot of scammers, mostly atms "some of them," and money exchange.
Me immediately going to Germany: Entschulding meine Freunde-
4:35 benes
Austria's the worst at accepting future fascist Nazi-dictators in art schools
Rll: I cant find anything bad about Austria or Slovenia  Also rll: sorry to bring you the bad news  *yes I totally understand*
Some of thease things that countries are "bad at" are actually good things like Estonians areligiousness and Hungary's sales tax.
Today Andora had been deleted from Polish pandemic no-flights list because lack of airport in Andora
Hungary: i have highest sales tax in europe Turkey: %50 to 110 special consumption tax from almost everything (fridges to phones, computers to cars) and also lets take %18 V.A.T on top of special consuption tax
avascularity elms
Why the heck do Brazil and China care about Kosovo being a country? It's so random.
For me as a person born and living in Vienna, I'd say, that my country is the unfriendliest in the world, especially the Viennese.
Taxes in hungary are horrible, it is not for the common good, it is only for the politicians to get even more money
Belgium would also be the worst at forming a government. We hold the current record of days without one.
This sounds like a child made it. Some things are inaccurate or lack context. It has the depth of a buzzfeed article
Greetings from Austria 😎
Lmao, feels bad for the people who have to wait for the next part because kosovo took their country's spot.
Belgium, Without looking: FORMING A FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
Austria: The worst at regulating wine in Europe
How is low religious population percentage a bad thing?
I do not owe anyone anymore with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Kazakhstan is in asia.
Germany is worst at humor
I don't think Iceland wants/can stop being the worst at most of those things.  The weed is fine, we can't really fix the sunlight problem and the fix for the low population and the lack of arable land would be to break down much of our beautiful wilderness into farmland which I just don't think would be worth it.
Sham on you real life lord
Highest Covid-19 mortality rates because we count the elderly unlike most countries that label those Covid-19 deaths as died of old age. But it is true that we are doing great...
So Estonia is the least religious country in the world... and that is bad, because... ???
Kosovo is not independent! Kosovo is Serbia!!!
My parents are from Albania how dare you say that to Albania
"Highest Coronavirus death rate at 962 per million" cough cough, yeah listen to the Chinese government. They totally weren't hit the worst by this🙄
Albania is the only country in Europe to not have a McDonald's?? Are you saying the vatican has a McDonald's????!?!?!
Belgium counted every Death from natural cause and disease along with the COVID counter and the other countrys dont so that isnt true
Britain: “Wotz all this then? What about us?” England: “Wotz all this then? What about us?” Uk: “Guess I’ll wait for part 2. I’ll put the kettle on.”
I hear Austria has the worst Art school acceptance rate...
a few of this countris arent in Europe
Austria is the worst at highways, beleive me
I am from Austria! Thx for beeing not worst at anything lel
Austria is bad at being bad I guess
How is being least culturally diverse a negative?
Belarus: "we have modern slavery"  Denmark: "you can't be our friend!"
Does England just not exist then?
4:58 "Estonia is also the least religious country in the world." Don't see how that's bad
The fact that Andorra smokes the most it's becouse they almost dont have taxes on the cigarrets so the spanish and french people go there to buy it.
Austria is the worst at not producing Hitler
Hitler was Austrian. Pretty sure that is one of the worst things ever.
Is it just me or did he leave out the UK???
No Macdonald in Albania that's a plus. Good for them :-)
You did not highlight Nakhchivan as part of Azerbaijan.
Having the death penalty is not bad
how could you not mention belgium's inability to form a goverment? WE HOLD THE WORLD RECORD FOR IT!
Dude... people in Spain constantly cross Andorra's border just to buy cigarretes and alcohol to avoid paying the Spanish tax on it. That's probably why you got those crazy numbers on Andorra's smokers.
Austria has the worlds worst rate at not starting a global conflict?
Why do you call countries "she"?
i'm excited for part 2 cause damn i want to see what you got to say about slovakia
“Italy has the lowest college graduation rate”  *laughs in Giorno Giovanna*
Alright, I heard Bulgaria. Ima leave the rest.
Gonna make some predictions. Switzerland maybe  high gun ownership or  high social gap...
Estonia also produces the most CO2 per capita in EU - just saying :P .
I think it’s wrong to say Estonia Being the least religious country is a bad thing, it may not be a good thing either but it’s certainly not a bad thing
Austria has by far the worst goverment in europe... every day there is a new conspiracy theory about the politics whom may have been unfaithful or somerhing like this
How on earth is Italy not culturally diverse ?? Like north and south is like two different countries, plus really particular regions like Aosta valley, Sardinia, Sicily, Alto Adige... this country is like five or six put together. Compare that to Denmark, Ireland or Latvia.
Why is not being religious a bad thing?
"Waiting for my country to come up in the video" gang
next up: how the US is actually worst at everything despite thinking otherwise :^)
Austria: terrible at not making weird moustache German wanna bees
Ναι μαλακές εδώ δεν έχουμε για εμάς και θέλετε να δώσουμε κιόλας 😂
Laaaaaaand der Beeeeeerge, Laaaaaand am Stroooooome!!!!
What if Scandinavia was a country?
I live in belgium like of you live in belgium or if you're stuck in quarantine
Whats Spain got against Kosovo? That's what I want to know.
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Armenia , Kazakhstan and some more countries counted as European but Turkey does not ?!  I mean just , c'mon man
27% tax on sales exactly! :/
5:00 tecnicly the gender pay gap doesn't exist
Kazakhstan,Azerbaijan,Armenia and Georgia shouldn't be classed as European
what do you mean we in iceland get the least amount of sunshine bruh.. summers here dont have nights its just day 24/7
Austria is bad at winning world wars (it started)  🥴
Me excited to hear what he has to say about Ireland and then says stuff about cancer
2:00 ignores Azerbaijan's largest enclave.
“Denmark, hardest country to makes friends” me wondering how the hell they measured that. Definitely not true :)
Looking on that map, you must love lakes
Kosovo still has more international recoginsion than Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
so russia’s not european but azerbaijan is?
I am pretty sure the countries north east of Turkey are not in Europe. Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, etc are in Asia, not Europe.
For cannabis, it was said could be considered good but not for atheism smh
Why do you put she referring to countries, it sounds so weird
It did not include Turkey.
Austria is not that good in winning world wars...
Should put the highest rate of abortion on this~ I think it's Ukraine or something in the Donetsk region.
I wonder where you got that andorra stat on smoking... I think they sell lots of cigarettes as in andorra you don't pay sales tax on them. So lots of people who aren't from andorra, say Spanish, French or other tourists buy them.  It may not be the people of andorra smoking them.
Im from belguim . We have the highest tax  also 😅
A lot of these 'worsts' are opinions, not objectively bad.
I know something The Austria is worst at  being stupid
Is there somethimg wromg with being non-religious.
7:01 Hungary is also our best friend in the World!😆
Austria is the worst at successfully uniting with Germany
Austria: Parks with filled dog poo as owners dont usually clean them up. Also they shower the least, barely once every week or less.    What I found out from my 4 years there.
wait what since when is armenia in europe
For they who think that Estonia treats women badly, then here is the explanation why women have a lower overall middle income than men in Estonia: Estonia has a twice as many women as men, and the majority of the workforce are women, making the overall middle wage lower statistically for women than men, also because of lack workforce for low paying jobs, like cashiers, women often take those to have a stable income, before they can find a better paying job
Germany has the bad internet man
U didnt include Poland
00:46 Bro that's literally a good thing
0:25 😥uh  But hey, Austria isn't the worst at anything!🥳🎉🍻
Greetings from Croatia🇭🇷🤣🦄✌️🥰💐🇭🇷✨🎊🎋🌺🤯😇🥳🌠🍋🍇🍉😓👁️👅👁️🦷👻😜 ( IM BORED )
what the hell is italy claiming! nice and savoy?!
please do one for africa
Vienna, the capital of Austria was ranked the unfriendliest city in europe
I swear cypriot Internet is the worse thing ive experience as a cypriot and THERE WAS AN ECONOMIC CRISIS IN 2013
This video would be making me lowkey depressed if I wasn't vibing to the beat!
About the Belgian death rate, they count practically every death during the pandemic as part of COVID-19, so the actual death rate is likely quite a bit lower.
waiting for portugal...
Estonia being the least religious country is definitely not a bad thing though - come at me bible cucks
I’ve been to Slovenia, and honestly, I couldn’t think of a single bad thing to say about it. Great roads, beautiful cities and parks, great food, affordable hotels, kind people. I just wish I spoke Slovenian, I’d move there in an instant.
Czechs: This is a bad thing why?
Is England/Great Britain/British isles not in Europe?
God damnit I live in Ireland and why can't any one else in the world pronounce Ireland right
Worst things Austrians do: they exist
finland is MILENIAL a lot of happy persons and depresed persons.
Greetings from Austria
UK: worst weather
1:45 Azerbaijan aren’t Europeans and the country isn’t even in Europe?
Yeah, I‘m Austrian
Austrians are the worst at being nice/friendly to one another 😅
Vatican city, San Marino and Monaco have airports now do they? Must be so if Andorra is the smallest nation not to have one.
Well land mines will be the death of us in Bosnia
How about Poland?
1:00 It might be that French and Spanish people near the border buy cheaper Andorran tobacco in bulk? I know some frenchies go to spain to buy tobacco, the ones near andorra might go there
Austrians have the worst record at partying in Ibiza
What’s Armenia and Azerbaijan doing in Europe? Rubbish video!
Why you mentioned that maybe cannabis consumption is good, but not said this about irreligion?
Britain is the worst at speaking other languages when visiting other countries.
What’s up with calling countries ‚she‘? Who actually says that???
So according to you not being religious is bad but smoking marijuana is good?
"The world happiness report" is not really a report on happiness it's a ranking on different quality of life stats. Also it changes every year for some reason, I would discount that report somewhat. In reality it's a "best country in the world to live in report if you have ADHD and want to move country every year report"
Austria is the worst at admitting young artists in art achool
1:52 Nakhichevan is also part of Azerbaijan.
And my room still has worse internet connection than Cyprus
Meanwhile POLAND is the best at everything.
Austria : really bad at staying together
when he gets to Poland... honey, we don't have a whole day
me being from a country in europe, in a country without mcdonald’s, rhat isn’t albania: 👁👄👁
Technically Austria has started both world wars
Finland is depressed and is incredibly happy all of the time...   *story of my life*
So Azerbaijan is European now, huh?
Since when caucasus is in Europe?
Austria has the most teenage smokers
Finland jumping between happiest and most depressed country in europe:  PaRkOUr
Death penalty is not necessarily a bad thing
France, only war the won themselfs was a civil war.  Belgium, has the worst form of goverment ever.
What about Germany's racism? Lol
lowest rate of religious people does not seem like a downside to me tbh
Armenia … so. This country clearly is not in Europe.
Why is having no Mcdolads considered bad?  Its great!
Don't know why but i was so gased when Bulgaria came in the video  Im Bulgarian btw and also trust me we have a lot more problems than this
Well then if kazakhstan then do iran and the uae guess they close enough too 😉
Sardinia is Italy as much as all the peninsula and sicily. I know lot of people in Corsica don't like the idea but they are french too.
Austria is the worst in preventing world wars
Weed: exists Iceland Gov: THATS ILLEGAL BOI u going to jail
What does Italy being the 'least culturally diverse' country even mean? Like if it means between regions I find that hard to believe since there's so much different culture in every city and northern Italy is so different to southern, and if it means ethnic groups etc. there's absolutely no way that's true... Italy is WAY more diverse than say, Armenia or Azerbaijan where the entire population is pretty much one ethnic group and one religion.
9:05 Someone got lazy animating the last flags one by one? xD
See you've done your homework. Not even 2 minutes in and you put 2 asian country on the list.
Kasovo has the least recognition in Europe? What about Transnistria? Zero recognition.
Me an Atheist, also me a male 😁 estonia boi here we go...
Austrians are the worst at speaking German.
We need one for every continent!!
Hungary is the worst at owning Transylvania.
How is least religious country in the world a bad thing??
Anyone else learn about countries they didn’t know existed?
citing least religious as a bad thing. bold of you.
3:03 my town was ranked 2# in Belgium for most corona infections
LuL im from Czechia and i dont like beer
"Every country is best and worst at something" 3 seconds latter "Austria and Slovenia arn't"
Least religious country in Europe... how it is disadvantage?
Germany: Worst at World Winning Wars Poland: worst at defending against its neighbors Edit: World wars forgot that
Poland, Hungary, and Belarus: lack of rights
I'm guessing in the next episode.. POLAND: Gets invaded and a lot.  I mean a lot.  Like, all the time.
least religious country in europe is a good thing you know...
Chechz sounds like my kind of people <3
Austria is the worst at being the worst at things?
How’s being the least religion country in the world is a bad thimg?
Belgium: the worst at getting a functioning government. The covid death is just a skewed statistic
6:38 one of the reasons is because the smoke  is cheap for example Marlboro cost 4,60€
Austria is the worst at being the worst at anything.
Andorre has this tabacco rate because of duty Free. Estonia : why is it a problem that religion is low ?
pick a struggle, belarus
I live in Austria that means i am not Bad at anything
Gde je Srbija???
Yes Europe is a garbage continent
GREECE: The only European country to legalize pedophilia.  Y'know, because of Greek culture from ancient times.
Austria is the worst at keeping kings
Imagine being depressed in the world's happiest country.   Big oof.
Seriously? As a Belgian I feel offended. Of all the worst things you could have hit us with, forming a government, governance complexity, poor justice system, poor public transportation, incompetence of politicians, ... you chose covid deaths? The high covid death number is because of overcounting, every elderly person that dies with a cough is counted as a covid death, as to not waste a test on a deceased person. We are worst at a lot of things, at least pick one that matters.
Hungary having the highest sales tax is a good thing
What exactly is "modern slavery "?
Austria started 2 world wars technically
The low degree rate in italy is probably because students begin to specialize their education in high school and therefore dont necessarily need to continue afterwards.
Slovenia : worst on getting on lists about Europe. Or most forgotten country in the EU
San Marino has a higher death toll than Belgium
I thought the happiest was Denmark
In andorra it is not permitted to smoke on intenal public spaces, and everyone complies. Are andorrans smoking on the streets? Not that much. Inside their houses? Definitely.  Is the smoking fact on the video based on medical research or  cigarette sales? Cause if it Is the latter it doesn't mean that they Andorrans smoke that much. It is true that they sell cigarettes everywhere, on tobacco and liquor stores as well as on supermarkets. And they sell them by the boxes, not just packets. Due to low taxation tobacco is extremely cheap. Spanish and French people that live close to Andorran borders cross them daily to shop everything that is cheaper, even lots and lots of cigarettes
The fact that Finland has the highest rate of depression, yet is ranked as the happiest country in the world, speaks to the importance of being open, honest, and supportive about mental health.
Finland is the happiest country only because the depressed people kill theirselves
Worst at being religious is not a bad thing.
Love your videos but from the bhopherous strait onwards to the east is continental asia. Armenia, azerbaijan, georgia, even cyprus is continental asia.
the Bulgarian population declined after the fall of communism, since its population immigrated to other richer countries. Now, I am NOT saying communism is the best, I'm saying that the Bulgarian communist system is better then the capitalist system installed there by the European Union.
I live in Austria 😂
where is England ?
i would not call "being  the least religiuos country" bad. I would call it a good thing.
Ok but have you TRIED Czech beer? It’s fucking amazing no wonder they spend all their time drinking it
5:08 iirc eastern germany is the least religious region of the world.
Am I the only person who is slightly annoyed by the whole "she/her" for countries? Like it doesnt have a gender.
5:00 Atheists (also me): Im moving to Estonia
Kazakhstan home of borat
4:34 Germany:
Well the other thing Croatia is worst at is sharing coastline. They make Slovenia and Bosnia and Herzegovina nearly landlocked, with Bosnia only having a 20km Coast with no port, and takes a 9km stretch of a beach that should be Montenegrin. Jeez Croatia Let Bosnia and Slovenia have some a bit more coast.
Austria is the worst at having a "worst"
Austria has mandatory military service.
Citation needed for these claims. Some sound suspicious.
i felt realy sad when you sayd evrey country between a and k and i didn't found romania and you sayd that you only didn't find the worst thing at  austria and slovacia ,you made me feel sad 😢😢
How tf can you be the happiest AND the saddest country? seems like either you're happy, or chronically depressed with no in between
Austria has the highest road tax ( 50 cents / km ).
The worst thing about Austria and Slovenia is that they didn't show up in this list 🇦🇹🇸🇮😂😂
1:43 Austria is worst at being worst.
Slovenia: We always thinking we are a worst
horrible video
Isn't it a bit too early to already crown the pandemic losers? It is till ongoing and not really slowing down globally...
Austria gang
Why is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? As an atheist, I think that's a good thing.
Shouldn´t Estonias lack of Religion be in the "best of " section?
Italy the LEAST culturally diverse in country in Europe? Wtf? Italy is so diverse that there are lots of indipendentist movements, the north is divided between French and German cultural influence while the south from Mediterranean and arabic influence. I was expecting that it would be the most culturally DIVERSE country in the world, everyone says that every regions is completely different from the other.
Can’t wait for part 2 to see what my country - Lithuania - is worst at haha
Estonia is the worst at having a religious population ? That's a bit weird, religion is not something good or bad🤷‍♂️ ... I hope you will say it for the most religious country then :)
Great video!!
In Austria the right politicians are pretty powerful much more than the left  but I think in other countries it is more problematic
How is death penalty and non-religious consider bad?
Belarus: highest alcohol consumption Russia: hold our vodka
Make a dedicated vedio on India🇮🇳
"Estonia has the lowest percentage of religeousness" How is that bad!? That's good. No religeon getting in the way. "Iceland has the lowest population density" That's good, why would you want other humans near you? "Czechia drinks the most beer" Once again, that is good!
Belgium: Longest time without a goverment in peacetime (2010-2011) We are breaking that record again now with already more than 600 Days at the moment and no sight of a new government yet.
4:49 lol this channel is a joke now
Estonia is also the worst at getting recognized as being Nordic
You're saying that having a homogeneous culture is bad in general?  I'd say that the opposite is often true.  Just look at how well different cultures and people groups get along in Africa.
Really? Croatia's worst problem is that few people have railway systems??
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Cyprus are in Asia.
Austria is the worst at being the worst at things
Austria is the WORST at being WORST at anything in Europe.
Armenia and Azerbaijan isn't in Europe though. It's in Asia.  Don't give me the "BUT CULTURE DISTINCTIVLY EUROPEANNNN" There is no such thing as European culture. It's like saying "Asian culture" or "African culture" exists. It doesn't.
Austria: worst at not starting Word Wars
austria is the worst at not being austrian
When’s part 2 coming out
wait how can italy be the least diverse when they have 3 million romanians
austria is the smelliest contry
Poland is worst at making loyal friends
Damn Finland made me sad, its’s one of the best countries in the world to live right? What’s making them depressed?
Please for the next video do Scotland separately to England.
Czechia: highest beer consumption. Woow this is the worst
How do you mention modern slavery and not mention America? One of the very few countries on earth with legal slavery and the largest slave population in the world
Austria is my home and I'm not disappointed
I live here in Germany. I have never been to Austria, but I heard often from other Austrians, they often have bad weather conditions due to the geographical position of Austria. This leads to heavy rainstorms, blizzards and even tornadoes. Can an Austrian reply to my comment and proof that?
I believe the Finland one is fairly misleading. Mental health care is free and available to more people then what you may be able  get another places in Europe. I think it may just be that they area more aware of it.
Iceland has the least amount of sunlight in Europe.   Come on, you can't blame a country for its geography.
Slovenia is the worst at.. uh.. having a similar name to Slovakia
This channel is so interesting 🧐
Belarus is crushing this list
Austria - they started the highest number of world wars
Austria? That’s easy Hitler was born there
"Every Country in Europe"  the third country is Armenia. what
Austria is worst at beeing worst at something
dang I bet Poland is the worst at being selfish
Austria is the worst country at not being Austria
the czechian beer consumption is something incredibly good in my opinion
Wait a minute there are some Asia states in the video is it
Cyprus is closer to Asia than it is to europe
Didn’t see England
Italy isn't culturally diverse? Ma che cazzo stai dicendo?😂
From what time are Caucasus states europian states?
Uhh.. How's Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? Not like religion has caused most of the wars throughout the history...
Which country is the worst at having Toyota Corollas?  Man go back to your roots man!
Armenia? Europe? Azerbaijan? Europe? I should check up on my geography...
This comment will get unnecessarily pinned or I will stop existing
Fairly sure Andorra sells the most cigarettes per capita, rather than smokes them, because they’re duty free
We Czechs are actually pretty proud about the beer statistic
Belgium is the worst at *being a legitimate country*
As a belgian i dont underestimate coronavirus
2 years ago: What is every country BEST at: Czechia = atheism  Now: What is every country WORST at: Estonia = atheism
Estonia "Least Religious Country in the World" that should be on the "What Every Country in Europe is BEST At."
7:57 Italy is the least culturally diverse country? Literally we go to the next city over and they speak another language. Completely bullshit statistics
Austria is worst at being worst
You could also say that Estonia is the best in the world at not being religious.
how is not having mcdonalds a bad thing?  EDIT: and again, how is highest consumption of beer per capita a bad thing?!
How is Italy and Portugal having there main religion as the majority religion bad? So it's only one thing you found that Italy is the worst at, being there graduations
I found something: Austria has the worst dental hygiene and they are worldwide on the last place of the "global rights to information rating"
d
i really wonder what is gonna be the worst for romania cuz jeez we’re bad at a lot of stuff
Working with a very....very generous definition of "Europe".
The "high homeless rate" in germany isn't that bad as it seems on paper, because as he mentioned, 75% of them are refugees
Slovenia is the worst at the cost of using their highway system. It is a very small country, but vignettes cost a lot of money. I think that their position on the continent allows them to employ so high costs.
You forgot Malta :( but good job on the video
5:00 not sure If that’s a bad thing
Spain: Worst government
What is wrong with drinking beer? 🍺 Beer is best! 🍺
Came here for Ireland and you gave it all of 5 seconds thanks 😐
Austria has the worst track record when it comes to leaders who start world wars lol
2:34 2 of those aren't necessarily bad
How is not being religious a bad thing?! Thats highly debatable and I disagree for sure  Pretty weird choice for Estonia
Kosovo je Srbija!!!!!!!
5:00 is that a bad thing?
How can France have a border dispute with island nation Madagascar?
Why is death penalty bad?
Never even heard of Andorra
Why is highest beer consumption a bad thing lol
Estonia doesn't like religion? That's great!
Austrians are the worst at making painters
Austrians are pretty bad at NOT saying hello to you when you walk by
4:58 There is a little mistake. Estonia is actually the best country in avoiding religion. We can all learn from them.
When I go to Italy I don't want to see cultural diversity. I want to see Italian culture. So this is what Italy is best at not worst.
Austria is bad at naming  There's a town named 'Fucking'
How to enrage every european - part one
Bulgaria: is Bulgaria
They ALL remind me of Kansas...
Austria is the worst at coming up with original names
Austria is also the worst at maintaining empires that also include Hungary
5:25 Ok, how the hell a country can be the most depressed and the happiest at the same time?
Belgium isn''t a real country, it's a collection of fields designated for Europes disagreement
“European countries in Europe specifically” , darn my European country from not Europe didn’t make the list lmao
**waits patiently for my UK bois**
Since when is Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan in Europe?
Since when Azerbaijan is a European country?
Austria is the worst at accepting bad painters into art schools.
Beans⁴
UK in part 2 is gonna be covid 19 cases. I can just tell.
That rationale for including Kazakhstan is idiotic. Unlike European russia or european turkey, there are almost NO people living in that part of the country. Also unlike turkey and kazakhstan it s history js not interwined with europe.
Since when Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Europe?
Austria is the country with the biggest number of Nul points at the Eurovision Song Contest) with Norway.)
Are you going to cover Russia?
Azerbaijan has an exclave.
Why isn’t russia in this viceo? There’s more land in europe than Kazakhstan has
I see we need soviet union again, as those little countries cant handle themselves.
Italy being less multicultural is not a bad thing
sardinia confirmed not part of italy
Slovenia has to have had one of the most frequent changes of government in a period of 30 years in Europe?
And not having a McDonalds is supposed to be a bad thing?  Kuq e zi
Whooooooa.... hold on a second! 5:09 - That s EXTREMELY controversial to call lack of religion a BAD thing... Honestly im shocked.... so things like population decline, lack of doctors, occupation, dictatorship.... NOT being religious is something terrible like those? Even if RLL is religious, to simply make such a sweeping statement is nonetheless not OK.
I'm glad that you didn't put sardinia in italy
estonia doing it right
Austria is the worst at not poisoning their wines.
As a Brazilian I can tell my country doesn't recognize Kosovo because our leaders are pussies when it comes to diplomacy and corrupts when we talk about internal politics.
Finland: “I'm depressed for being happy”
“Worst”, this can be opinionated
Literally every country east of Belarus isn't really European
Damn Finland is the worst at being not sad lol
USA: Are you challenging me?
YOU FORGOT *ROMANIA* WORST CORRUPTION COUNTRY IN THE WORLD 🌎
U better not have scotland in with the UK
"What Every Country in Europe Is WORST At"  ESTONIA - least religious country in the world.  Emmmmmm.... not really sure if it's BAD thing..
I can't say I agree with not valuing religion being labelled as a 'worst'
Slovenia has smallest capital in European union.
Austria is the worst at not putting lead in their wine.
Kazakhstan is European. Ok sure. I guess that Russia, Israel, Turkey, Lebanon, Greenland, The North pole, Svalbard, Bouvet Island, Morocco, Australia, the McDonalds islands, and Antartica will come in the next episode.
The way RLL pronounced BiH, Comoros, and Suriname was depressing. PS, you missed islands of certain countries, like Sardinia.
I'll dislike all comments saying anything like "haha Germany bad at winning world wars". You're not funny, grow up
I'm not complaining for my country not being on this list. Greetings from Slovenia
Belgium is the worst at forming a government, we even took that record from Iraq
Belgium fact doesn't really count
Lets face it when he got to germany we were all going "Oh boy here comes the big one!"
*Me in the Netherlands waiting for part 2 to come out*
You should have chosen something else for belgium. This video will be outdated within a month because of it. It would have been better to choose a long term problem.
Andorra does not have a tobacco consumption problem. Over there the prices is lower than Spain and much, much lower than France, so thousand of people cross the border to buy tobacco
Estonia - "Europe's largest gender pay gap", "Least religious country in the world"  How are those bad things?
Money Hungary
By what he meant when he said that Estonia is the least religious country is that regardless of them being religious or not, they are bad at keeping a religious belief or that the religious ones do no practice their faith often. It's not about wether believing in a religion is good or bad or if it's a positive or negative.
torille
Actually Georgia has 3 breakaway regions
RLL: *Doesn’t highlight Nakhchivan*  Azerbaijan: So you have chosen death.
Is turkey not in Europe?
Austrians are the worst at leading Germany.
Estonia being the least religious country is not something bad is honestly a blessing🥺❤️✨
4:59 this is a good thing
I knew you had to be high to look at a volcano and think hey I'm gonna run my TV off that
I live in albania😁
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something 😔 very paradoxical
I'm sorry but why did you put "least religious country in the world" as one of the WORST things about Estonia? How is that bad?
Why doesn't Sardinia belong to Italy?
kosovos fact is that it has the lowest rate of beeing a recognised state , but what about abchasien or even the turkish republic in cyprus . isnt it only recognsied by turkey ?
Austria is the worst at for producing Hitler!
US in a joke to EU
Estonia least religious -i see this as an absolute win
Where is all the religious nuts saying that religion is good for equality because of Estonia
"Estonia is the least religious country" and this means Estonia is "worst" in what??
The Caucasus are in Asia
I think I know why Finland is the happiest and most depressed at the same time: they have really good doctors who are able to help all citizens with diagnoses of depression and can then subsequently provide them with medical care and support. Idk about you, but all of that covered under free healthcare would make me pretty happy
Ah yes, the famed European country of... Khazakhstan?
Armenia,Azerbaijan and company are in the Middle East!!!!!!
The fact that Italy is the least culturally diverse is a good thing
PLEASE SEPARATE THE UK. SCOTLAND IS A COUNTRY, THE UNITED KINGDOM IS NOT!
RLL is worst at highlighting Azerbaijan's territory
Cant wait to see my country is worst at in the  next episode
Austria is the worst at not being Austria.
0:45 ok, but that's not really a bad thing, gringo.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something.
2:03 Azerbaijan has lowest freedom of press  Belarus: Hold my vodka
Why is it bad to NOT be religious? Just one of the many bs said in the video. Overall low quality content
Great job at subliminally politicising what would have otherwise been a pretty interesting video idea...
If you couldn't find anything that Austria was bad at wouldn't they be the worst at being bad🤷‍♂️
Certainly wouldn't count Estonia being the least religious country on earth as a negative. By all accounts it's something most citizens are rather proud of, it's a goal for other nations to work towards that for sure.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at doing something the worst
when they did azerbaijan it killed me when they didnt highlight the other bit on the other side of armenia. ;-;
Yes I we are the worst at being the worst
When Finland gets voted the Happiest Country in The World because sad people keep killing themselves *STONKS*
Death penalty still in place is a bad thing? I respectfully disagree with that one!
Austria has the worst artists
Estonia being least religious is not the worst thing, it’s actually best thing.
When you talk about every country in Europe, but also mentioning "worst in something within EU" when talking about some countries makes the video very illogical
Croatia: Lowest volume of rail passengers  *cries in trainspotter*  And least amount of sunshine for Iceland? That's rough, buddy
estonia being mostly atheist seems like a dream to me, an atheist living in the hella religious finland. love our neighbors!
Turkey not in europe but kazahstan in?
Austria is worst at not getting annexed by Germany
Every country is worst at something...   Yeah so Austria isn’t worst at anything
Armenia is not in Europe neither is it neighbour I can’t spell
This feels just like Eurovision with all the non-stop horribleness.
6:58 this is wher Iive
UK is worst at saying “Sorry we can’t help you, _we’re full!”_ 😒😒😒
One of Austria's worst is that Hitler was born there.
Why would Brazil or India care if Kosovo was in independent country?   All of the others make sense: Russia knows that Kosovo was a byproduct of NATO involvement, so they want to spite them. China has an invested interest in Serbia+Kosovo, and should Kosovo become independent, that means either Serbia or Kosovo have a chance to become part of the EU, which screws up Chinese investments. Spain knows that if they acknowledge Kosovo, Catalonia is going to be like "oh so we can be independent now?" Ukraine knows what it's like to have land annexed. Greece sympathizes with Serbia since they too have had issues with land being claimed by Albanians. Romania is Serbia's friend, so they're just being good neighbors.
Wait Kazakhstan? Since when did they joined the Eu?
The summary of the video: everyone move to Austria
Kosovo is it's own country!!
Austria has the worst painters
I think not having a MacDonald's is actually good, I mean, it's just junk food. (0:44)
Austria is the worst at speaking German apparently
Greece map isn't complete!
Interesting stuff. One small note, you're missing the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic when talking about Azerbaijan in the map. Unless you're including it as an independent country in part 2...?
I figured Germany would be the worse at winning world wars
France is the worst at English
What a fun and original idea! love it
Strange definition of Europe to go by. Most geographers would consider Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, and especially Kazakhstan to be in Asia.
Austria worst at? Peace.
Austria is the worst at pretending Hitler wasn't Austrian.
Austria: 20th century dictators?
What Every Country in Europe Is WORST At Part 1: Estonia is the least religious country in the world. Me: Is that a bad thing?
Belgium: we dont need a government
Least Religious is definatelty a plus.
4:59 Why exactly is that bad?
Austrians have one if the worst inferiority complex thanks to germany
Germany was also the first country anywhere in Europe to be affected by COVID-19.
Oh, didnt know that Sicilly just left Italy...
" Death penalty still in place" ..... Uhh that's a good thing, no one cares about your opinion for this list
England: Teeth cleanliness
where is kuwait lmao
I don't know if Croatia is the worst at this, but, they have a Nazi-derived state called Ustaša that's on the rise.  Surely, that's much worse than the fact they don't have a lot of people riding trains.
I dont need video on which country is worse at what. I need a video on - "Rasode main kaun tha?" Please make a video on that
Least religious in Europe is a *GOOD* thing, yank
Surprised Kosovo and Kazakhstan were in this video but Russia wasn't. Edit: I take it back, I'm stupid
Is England not a country any more then?
2:11 but thats a good thing
Ok Leidln hat wer andere Witze auf Lager worin wir schlecht sind ausser Hitler?
Uhh... austria was the birth country of hitler?
Germany got HARTZ 4 you get many from the Office and your rental free gets payed from the Office
Belgium worst coronavirus mortality is big time bs, every elder was counted as a corona death in homes for old people
You and I have a different definition of Europe and that fine.   Imo the Caucasus  and Cyprus are exclusively in Asia
Being the least religious country is a good or bad according to strictly personal view. I would rather think that they are the best concerning this point. I could also say that cars are bad for climate, concerning Azerbaijan.
What every country in Africa is worst at: Everything.
Part 2 when ?
The bad thing about Austria pandora Slovenia is that they have no bad things about them
Why is it all out of a sudden that everyone uses "she" to name a non-person??, What happened to "it"..🤔?
RealLifeLore on Estonia: How is being irreligious bad? That is a matter of culture and preference and is very subjective. Personally I think that is a positive. So I feel these should be statistically based rather than opinion based. Great video otherwise as always.
*cries in Austria* We indirectly caused both WW, so idk. Otherwise we are just great like that oida.
Least religious country is a positive in my eyes
Wow 100,000 views in 3 hours
Me waiting for the UK  👁,👄,👁
Are you sure about Czechia? We are quite proud of that.
Im serbian and Kosovo is serbia!!!!!  Westerners don't know our side is!!! unsub
Andorra’s smoking is not true. The sales numbers are so high because a lot of Spain’s and French go over the border to buy cigarettes as it’s cheaper
hrvatska je najbolja
Austrians: known for that one notorious guy who didn’t get accepted into art school.  Yeahhhhh they have nothing bad there
Pretty sure armenia isnt part of europe but ok
Guys is Azerbaijan in Europe??
Kazakhstan as an European country? Bro, whatcha smoking? 😂😂
Austria best at being anshlushed
Austria is the worst in not starting WW
*4:59** that's actually a good thing*
Ah Armenia is in asia
How is drinking beer a bad thing? Its not! So Czechia is along with Austria and Slovenia the best country in Europe.
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Iceland has the “highest” consumption alright :D
Slovenia= bad Eurovision
So u put Ireland in but not Wales, England and Scotland yes we left the EU but not Europe we are still in Europe
Lowest religion rate is not at all a ‘worst’
I’d say having a higher population who don’t follow religion a major major major positive ... no more ancient divine intolerant BS
Italy was the worst at defending Rome
There’s no need to make such a video for the Arabe world 😏😏😏😏😏
5:00 why is this bad?
I have 2 frends who live in europe 😀🇪🇺
Claim your here before 1 million views button:
5:05 how is that a bad thing? it is literally an amazing thing...
rll: belgium has highest corona death rate me: *laughs in american*
While there's no stats on this, Denmark is also the nation least likely to make itself understood through speech.
Belgium: Highest tax rates in the world, even higher than germany.
Finland: *well yes but actually no*
*In Denmark it's hard to make friends*  I'm gonna be honest some of these points are dumb.
I mean... it's annoying af to see that you know that a tiny area of Kazakhstan is in Europe, but forgot to mention a whole country like Romania. I guess now we know what you are worst at: geography.
I don’t see the problem with Czechia beer stats.
Armenia and Cyprus aren't physically in Europe. Why include them in Europe anyway?
Yesss slovenia were not shite at anything letsss goooooooo. Yes this is so great
These types of videos are boring
If Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe it's the proof that diversity doesn't mean richness.
I’m heading to Estonia
“Italy is the least culturally diverse nation in Europe”   And that’s a bad thing how exactly?
Me when i saw the thumbnail   Is that a giant poop
Holy shit, I just realized how much of a leftist this guy is.
Finland: Most Depressed Country in the World Also Finland: Happiest Country in the World *Confused Stonks*
Belgium
As a Belgian: we have the highest mortality rate because we use adjusted numers, not only the confirmed corona deaths. For instance; the number includes the fact that a certain percentage of people in elderly homes who died, did so due to the virus. So the numbers are adjusted to incorporate the non-confirmed cases too. Debatable weather this is the best way to go about things, because while it might bring us closer to the actual number, it makes comparisons with other countries all the more difficult.
Hitler was Austrian by birth.
I feel like Serbia will be about abortions
Albania bad at McDonalds.  Also bad at high cholesterol?
hell yeah! 27% tax
“Teeth” :the tooth fairy
Turgay is in Asia
Russia is the worst I’m American
Has Sardinia seceded from Italy?
Austria started two World Wars. Remember Hitler was born in Austria 🇦🇹
armania isnt in europe!and nether is azerbaijan
You forgot serbia
Sardinia isn't highlighted as part of Italy.
belarus is basically run by a crazy dictator which beats anyone who disagrees with election results and runs around Minsk with a AK-47 and his 15yo son fully equipped  in military hardware
Austria is overpowered 🇦🇹
We r best to at drinking beer, why do you make it a bad thing?
Why is Azerbaijan missing Nagorno-Karabakh?
Its asian tertorry other wise turkey would be european wich he aint cause european countrys are cristian or protestant
"Cyprus has the worst internet in Europe at 6.9 mb/s" I'm in Canada and only get 1 Mb/s down and .9 kb/s up
Have you ever heard of Romania ? It's in Europe.....
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars also 7:50 he forgot Sardinia.
Im from Cyprus.  I think slow internet is an understatement
Austria is the worst at industrial wine poisoning.
UK: being respectful tourists
I mean Austria is the worst at preventing world wars.....
what about air pollution in poland. go for a run in southern poland. I dare you
4:32 WORST?! Excuse me Sir, I would like to correct you here on this one. There should be "THE BEST AT". Literally. We're the worst of all things except beer.
I’m not even European but I feel like that’s a disrespectful thumbnail
"What every country in Europe is worst at"  Belarus is the only country with a death penalty.  What is that even supposed to mean?
The caucasus is now Europe?!
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at not being Austria and Slovenia.
Icelanders smoke lots of pot to make up for the lack of sunshine 😁
Everything.
Gender pay gap is NOT a thing
Slovenia is the worst at being known. I don't think I've ever heard the word Slovenia before today
Worst GDP to Debt ratio, also least charitable nation... by the sounds of it, can they really afford to be giving much away at the moment?
Austria: the worst at defending against the Nazis. Denmark may have gone down in a matter of hours, but at least they put up a fight.
So Finland is the most bipolar country in Europe then.
Iceland smoking the most is Not good. Anything burned into carbon monoxide and inhaled, is poison ☠️ and weed might be in right now but its a drug and takes away from who you really are and makes you someone else. Weed makes me anxious!!! The opposite of what it does to others! Also if everyone os hailing drugs now a days, might as well be a good drug or the best drug, not what they call the gateway or lowest in the drug pyramid.
I, as a European, didn't know that Armenia or Azerbaidjan are European countries :D
7:53 reallifelore did not jnclude sardinia
Austria is worst at causing world wars lmao
For Belgium, it's just cause we count the unknown cause of death as 'covid'.
Austria: Starting world wars
Since when is being a militarised society bad? And death penalty? And being Authoritatian? Pay gap bs in Estonia? Not being generous? Being the least culturally diverse? Some of these are clearly opinion based
Happy Austrian here.
Italy is the worst at being organized and building bridges😂
Maybe I'm really out of the loop, but when were Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia deemed European countries? I'm still in university, and they still consider the Caucasus Region to be part of Asia/Middle East.
Azerbaijan is not in Europe, didnt it ?
What about England
I know this video uses the most recogniced borders, but it is weird that kosovo is on the list while abkhazia is a georgian "breakaway state" and northern cyprus is considered occupied. Don't get me wrong, I am not pro turkey and I have no opinion on abkhazia, but you did not cosider states according to the de-facto situation and you did include SOME states whoose legitimacy is contsted.
Austria is the worst in not having the most livable city in the world for over a decade 🇦🇹
Their worst is India’s best.
Austria is the worst at not starting a World War
Why do you include drinking beer as a bad thing? 😉Its for the relax after everyday work! And its still better to drink beer than the pure alkohol.  Also, it has in our culture strong origin so, i think thats kinda good thing.
Austria is worst at maintaining world peace
Nice animations bro
Czechs might disagree that their worst is a bad thing in the first place. They're just the best at drinking beer.  Also, how are you "worst at being religious"?
After Europe make these videos for other continents as well. It would be great
*Belgium has the worst corona virus problem in the world*  United States: "Hold my mask"
We fins are the happiest because all the sad ones are dead
Austrians are the best at generating world wars.
What Every Country in Europe Is WORST At? Belarus is worst at death penalty? Armenia is worst at being most militarised European society? Czechia is worst at having highest beer consumption? Estonia is worst at being religious? Iceland is worst at having highest consumption of cannabis? I really loved the channel but after this video I'm really confused. These examples just doesn't make any sense and doesn't really suit the topic of video.
RLL: mentions Kosavo  All Serbs: dislike and unsubscribe
Is no one going to question how retarded this is? Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, are all literally in Asia.
Me, an Irishman: I guess ours will be something silly like drinks the most in Europe.  Watches video at 07:34...  😱
Alright. I'm going to Iceland.
>imagine being from eastern Europe  It's over for slav-cels
I thought germany was going to be the worst at winning a world war
Not having a McDonald's in your country might be a very good thing I guess-
Austria: The Worst at starting world wars Austria: The Best at not being blamed for starting world wars
Wait, Armenia and Azerbaijan are part of Europe? Arent they in Asia?
Austria is terrible at not starting massive wars
Austrians were worst at getting invaded all the time. Slovenia is just worst at not being a part of Romania hehe
Nice video! Kazakhstan is dubble though...
Good thing Russia's not on here, the video would be an hour long
Andorra has not a problem with tobbaco, the problem is that they don't have tobbaco taxes, so a lot of people from other country's, like Spain or France, goes there to buy it cheaper
I don't get the part about religion in Estonia
You forgot England
Are Andorra statistics about the number of sold or smoked cigarettes? Cause many french go there for cheap cigarettes...
why don't you have england? did you forget it is a country, also, were you planning on forgetting about whales, northern ireland and scotland?
Least religious country in the world, and that is a bad thing?
No Poland!?!🤔
What about Nazism and bad high education in Croatia?
"Greece is the country that is most in debt" What else is new? Grass is green, the sky is blue, and Greece is terrible with money? You don't say!
Hungary is the most malnourished country in Europe.
why is beer a bad thing? *shakesheadwhilepuking
"Kazakhstan has the largest amount of underage smokers"  You should visit Romanian schools
7:46 no Sardinia?
Can you you do this per States in the usa
Austria is worst at being hospitable and are the moodiest
Why is being the least religious bad wtf?
Andora doesn't smoke that much though. The numbers are inflated because of all the French who buy smokes cheaper there.
"Cyprus has the worst Internet"  Germany:Let me introduce myself
austria is worst at giving us world leaders who want to take over the world
i want to see RLL opinion about america and asia. You dont have to describe africa, i know alrdy
Estonia: the first thing that he puts as bad is not even real, and the second one is a good one. Noice.
Albania, only an American could see not having a Mc Donalds as the worst. Czechia, only an American could see drinking beer as worst. Estonia, only an American could see atheist as worst
I never knew that Finland had the highest rates of depression in Europe. Both my parents are Finnish and I suffer from depression and high anxiety. Must be something in the genes....
Estonia: Least Religious country in the world Atheists: 😎
Can you really blame the country with the biggest debt problem for not being charitable :P
austria is the worst at soccer cause they only can practice on mountains, höhö!
Slovenia: We would have the least successful national soccer team if San Marino wouldn't exist
Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia aren't in Europe
I Love Greeks... All the Best from Poland...
Austria is the worst at having portraits of a pretty royal family :P
But Armenia and Azerbaijan are not in Europe
how is being the least religious country a bad thing lol
Azerbaijan has lower press freedom than Belarus?
I wouldn't say Estonia's least religious population is something they're "the worst" at.
snooooore, I think it's the voice, it drains energy
How come the drinking of beer and being atheist are bad things? That's my entire life and I am not Finish! ;)
How is being the least religious country counts as being the worst at something?
BTW the Nebula version of this video is a bit broken, most notably the shape of Kasakhstan, and the flags for the countries that don't recognize Kosovo.
Austria started WW1
“This tiny part of Kazakhstan is in Europe”... I mean that part is bigger than most if not any country in the Balkans
Oh so bassicly Lithuania and Latvia isnt countrys that you didnt put em. They are in fucking europe
"Belgium has the highest coronavirus mortality rate"  Frenchs now why ☺
The worst at being religious is no bad thing
What Every Country in Europe Is WORST At:  Austria Accepting that nobody cares about you.
U know that Czechia is actually the best at consuming beer rigth?? That doesnt belong on this list!
If I lived on a fuckin volcano, I'd be permanently smoking weed too...
Austria gabe birth to one Adolf Hitler, compared to all the other european countries who gave birth to none
No captions, you didn't even turn on auto-caption.
The UK?
Albania worst at having McDonalds  America: those are rookie numbers you have to bump those numbers up
Why is the fact of being the "least religious country in the world" considered as something bad for estonia?
already noticed more dislikes than usual lol
Greece: has the worst debt problem RealLifeLore: Greece is also the least charitable country I mean like come on, it’s not like they have any money to give...
Italy is the least cultural mixed country. That's not something negative...
not being religious is a good thing
Austria's the worst country at not giving birth to Hitler.
Than austria and slowina are the worst at beeing the worst
I'm the worst at being first 😔
Imagine including kazakhstan and the caucasus even tho they are definitely asian
Austria created Hitler
5:00 how is that a bad thing
Why do you refer to countries as "she" ?
I assume we are gonna forget about how he forgot the Uk
Belarus: most alcohol  Russia: hold my vodka
Estonia being the least religious is something they are best at, not worst.
And what is Czech Republic the worst at? Your research is terrible.
Here as a belgian 😑
5:00 To me thats not a bad thing.
1:55 isn't lowest vehicle ownership a good thing?
RealLifeLore you didn't highlight the Nakhchivan Enclave when you were talking about azerbajian!
Italy is the worse at World Wars
Unsubscribed from this channel, dividing up a video in two 10-minute videos for extra ad revenue while not even filling the whole video with content (20% of the video always needs to be dedicated to whatever scam is sponsoring you this week) pushes the limit for me.
Humour
Wait why did u put the caucasians part of Europe Edit: i mean the caucuses Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia are in Asia by definition
Slovenia is worst at providing a good First Lady for the USA 😆
Slovenia: The worst at being noticed in the comments for not being the worst
Turkey is not European! Please don't include Turkey in the next video.
Austria is the worst at not making horrible genocidal dictators
What's wrong about albania not having a mcdonald's?
country are a dumb concept,  left over from the middle Ages. When will we learn...
Estonia is the worst at being... Religious? Is that even a drawback? lol
“I’m sorry to disappoint you with the *bad news* - reallifelore when he can’t find anything a country is *worst* at
armenia is definitely not europe. turkey? ok. but armenia is full stop asia
Austria is the worst as being the worst
half of those countries have absolutely nothing to do with Europe.   And Czech rep is best at drinking beer how is that bad???
Austria is the worst at being decent People
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world" is this supposed to be a problem?
47.      Look at the title and you'll see.
I swear if you say freedom if speech when you come in Turkey im gonna unsub cuz thats a lie and not reliabld
Many of these things could be considered good depending on who you ask....
The UK has the highest Covid 19 death ration in Europe. It's just behind Belgium in the stats though because our incompetent, corrupt, government has been underreporting deaths from the start and even arbitrarily reduced the figure by 5,000. They've reported only 40K deaths while the excess death figure is around 70K, which is much more realistic.
04:59 "Estonia is also the least religious country in the entire world" How is that being the "worst" at something? How is that a bad thing?  (The gender pay gap does suck tho)
"europe"  "armenia"
RealLifeLore smokes weed confirmed
I am from Austria and i am glad to hear that😂
Armenia and Cyprus aren’t European nations, but Asian. You also forgot Engeland
Not beeing religious doesnt habe to be bad
Doesn't Finland have the most amount of people on antidepression pills?
Worst coronavirus rate in the world: 900 people for every million. Is this what a pandemic is about?
Based Estonia
Please, to make life easier for Nebula subscribers, could you add a direct link to the nebula version of videos in the description of future videos?
Big up austria
5:03 that is a bad thing?
No Scotland :(
Estonia being the least religious is a win if you ask me.
Just curious mate, what geography standard were you using to determine what countries are a part of Europe? I am wondering because culturally I have been taught that Armenia and Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Kazakhstan are not a part of Europe, and is instead a part of whats called either the Middle East or a broader sense Asia. Usually where the border of Europe was taught to me was immediately after you cross the Sea of Marmara or make your way into the Western half of Russia.
I found what Austria is the worst at : "accepting  people in art schools"
Why aren't women fighting for equal pay in Estonia?
U have already started ignoring England.
i dont want to bother you but azerbaijan is in Asia
i guess england is in africa now
Hope this "what every country is worst at" series covers other parts of the world. Unless of course, that would be racist?
You forgot Australia
Austria stole Hungary.
7:15 People who keep saying that weed is good is so fucking cringe
Austria has the most youth smokers.
In Finland they are happy but also not happy, actually if you think of it thats what depression is.
Austria? They're worst when it comes to start world wars...
Austria and Slovenia is not worse in anything.  RLL: I'm sorry to disappoint you. People from those 2 countries: I'm not complaining
Andorra “smokes” so much because a shit ton of Spaniards and French folk travel there to buy cheap tobaco. I’ve been to Andorra several times and they don’t smoke any more or less than any other country!
Austria: crossing the Piave river
0:47 is it really bad to not have a McDonald's? Also lowest rate of vehicle ownership. And 4:00, 5:02 (second), 7:27 least densely populated country is bad? It is great!
Why tf being the least religious country in Europe is a problem ?
(Everyone gets slightly angry)
1:54 did, did you just IGNORE Azerbajdzjan's exclave?!!!???????
Americans:i dont know what game is this, but I like that kingdoms.
0:17 "I'm sorry to dissapoint you"  Isn't that good though?
Sardinia is a part of Italy not an idependent state even if they are so far from the mainland and the Italian governement is so inefficient that they basically are one. Also the worst thing Italy is at is having good leaders and governments. I am not joking.
Croatia: has lowest volume of rail passengers  Iceland with no rails: *am I a joke to you?*
It’s true that Belgium has the highest numbers in corona deaths and that’s because we count all people that die that possibly have the virus not only the ones that have been tested
Austria is good at starting world wars
Austria has the worst painters for sure.
I think Austria has the worst obesity rate in europe or consumes the most sugar
Hi. Yes, Kosovo has high unemployment rate, and YES, IT IS INDEPENDENT COUNTRY,  and will be recognized by many more, eventually 😉
Austria has a problem with alcohol and smoking as teenagers, but i don't know if we are the worst.
I am lithuanian and I already know he is going to mention our suicide rates.
Kazakhstan, greatest country in the world All other countries are run by little girls...
Nice no subtitles.
Slovenia and Austria flexing on us by being worse at nothing.
There is a lot wrong with these statistics... :-/
Is Nice
Rll: Bulgaria has the worst pop decline Russia: Am I a joke to you?
Why is it bad that Czhechia consumes that much beer?
Austria is clearly the worst at deciding who should get into art college.
3:05 bye bye revenue :)
Austria is bad at raising painters
So you're saying that belarus still thinks it's the renaissance era?
26% sales tax is the highest in Europe? In Argentina we have 43%
Being the world’s least religious country is a great thing
Austria has the lowest infection rate of covid-19/population, at below 1%
"Czech has the highest consumption of beer" "What every country in Europe is WORST at"  hmmm
1:40 Getting into art school
Wait I dont think Azerbaijan is in Europe
About Finland being the happiest and saddest: The statistic about depression there is true. The happiness index also is true, but this index considers things like economic wealth, health care system etc and not the actual emotional state of people. It assumes that wealth, health etc make the people happy. As this shows, it doesn't.
belarus death penalty, i dont think is bad, but well thats like your opinion
regarding the Kosovo not being recognised as a stand-alone state by some countries, including Romania, the romanian prime-minister payed a visit last year to the capital, Pristina, and, during her staying, she stated in an interview that she was glad to be in a city such as Podgorica, which obviously is Montenegro's capital, so that's about it when it comes to romanian diplomacy, what is written on paper or declared by the higher-ups is of great incompetence, you've got the people's support, just putting it out there, don't mind me
The gender pay gap 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️ this channel is a bit of a fraud now
The return of the king
Spain doesn't recognise Kosovo only because of the independence movements here
Rll: What every European country is worst at Greenland: ...
5:00 Is it really bad? Because for an atheist living in a highly religious country that sounds great news
Estonia being 84% non-religious is not worst but actually best I guess
If you thought that living in Hungary sucks because of the 27% VAT then do not worry, we have extra taxes over the VAT on several things and even taxed taxes too :)
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars.
Some of these qualities aren't bad or something a country is worse at. Like Estonia's religiosity rate.
Austria: worst at creating the worst war in history
I don’t remember that Armenia and Azerbaijan were in Europe
belgium actually has 862deaths per 1mil, which makes us only second in the world behind san marino who have 1237 deaths per 1mil. ofc san marino should be taken with a grain of salt bc they only have 42deaths in total, belgium on the other hand is about to surpass 10K deaths so.. maybe we are doing the worst... although a decent government would help tho
Estonia being least religious country is actually great :)
You don't need to do one for America, it's such a mess that it's going to top every list for worst
How can you logically say that smoking is one of the worst things then go ahead a say smoking cannabis is arguably not a worst thing? Did you not thinking through the script.
Austria: worst city name possible
LOL Iceland! For real, you'r cheating on that one. My mind is blown, I thought his birth name was actually Jazza.
So what's the problem with Denmark?
World school:French is 1st, in land disputelogy India :hey wait 😦 French:bettter luck next time indi
2:31 I noticed how the channel owner chose to highlight on screen the fact that Belarus uses the least amount of 'renewable energy' instead of the more serious fact that that nation is he most undemocratic and authoritarian nation on the list.  Really seems to suggest what his priories lie.
5:03 Me, an European, Poilish Atheist: Wait, what? I mean I knew that fack... But that's very good thing xD
Cypriot here who studies in Germany; Internet's better in Cyprus
estonia is acctualy the best at being non religious
Austria is the worst at creating world leaders. Cough cough **Hitler**
Germany: winning world wars
Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are not in Europe. They are in Western Asia. Belarus is pronounced "bella-roos." Also, does it rub anyone else the wrong way when he refers to countries as "she"? It's "it".
Estonia having the lowest rate of religion means they’re the best at not buying into centuries old superstitions. And Azerbaijan having the lowest rates of car ownership is hardy a bad thing, we should all aspire to have fewer cars.
Nice, i've been waiting so long for this.
Belgium: Has the Highest covid-19 death rate United States: Hold my corona
Belgiums covid is because of the way they record it, they dont even confirm covid through testing, they make an "educated" guess.
I'm not sure it's so bad to be the least-religious country...
Andorra has a smoking problem, yeah right! Good research! Maybe you can buy cigaretts cheep in andorra and cause andorra is not part of the European Uninon can take up to 300 cigarettes through customs without paying taxes?
" Which is mooooore than 17 per daaaay! ". So 17 cigarettes per day. Bruh an average smoker usually smokes a package of 20 cigarettes per day, and I usually smoke around 32 cigarettes per day. My friends, relatives and buddies between 17 - 60 years old, also usually smoke like me or at least a package of 20 cigarettes per day. And you make a case about 17 with such an exagerate voice?. Give me a break.
Estonia is worst at: least religious???? no thats wrong, Estonia is BEST at being least religious!
0:07 - That's a bit of a specious statement. It's technically true in the same way that it's easy to get a world-record if you're specific or absurd enough, but for any metrics that actually matter, it's not necessarily guaranteed. For example, it might be that a country has the lowest banana-mint-pancakes per person, but that's an overly-specific and contrived metric. In fact, your failure to find anything about Austria or Slovenia proves the point, so saying "every" country is just wrong. (Austria is worst at avoiding being annexed? 🤔 Sorry Czechs. 🤷)
Its true, i Like beer.
6:01 79 out of 10000 is 0,0079 or 65000 not 650000
I wonder if estonia is actually the least religious or just the most honest about it?
I THINK LITHUANIA WILL BE WORST OF THE WORST OF THE WORST IN THE WORLD! MOST CORRUPT COUNTRY IN EUROPE, MOST SUICIDAL COUNTRY IN THE WORLD, MOST ALCOHOL IN THE WORLD, WORST ACCESS TO THE BALTIC. THAT'S THE PROBLEMS IN LITHUANIA I CAN NAME, BUT I THINK THERE'S A LOT MORE.
1: To be fair, when you look at Armenia's neighbours.. You can understand why they're so militarized. Sharing a border with three countries who would much rather you not exist, does that to a country.  2: Also, Estonia being the least religious country in Europe. Surely that's not a bad thing, right?  3: I think the statistic confuses "generous" with giving to official charities. Go to Greece, and you'll see they're some of the friendliest, most generous people you'll ever meet. xP  4: Kosovo isn't Europe's least recognized state. That award would go to "Northern Cyprus", which literally only Turkey recognizrs
don't mind me, I'm just waiting for triggered serbtards telling me that kosovo is part of serbia.
Estonia - Is it bad to be artheist?
Why does not being religious make Estonia 'the worst'? Pretty hot take there.
who doesn't like this map ?
RealLifeLore was tired of negative attitude towards the US so they decided to roast the entirety of Europe
Some of these are pretty subjective. For example, why isn't having the lowest rate of beer consumption counted as being the best in Europe?
Sees Belgium has the highest death rate Italy and America: Look at ours Dontake it seriously tho if u you are a American or Italian
Well I'm Austrian and what I have seen, Austrians are pretty lazy ^^" And our internet speed is super slow and also phone network is not the greatest
Welcome to Kosovo where you earn 250€ per month and spend 500€ somehow, and everybody has the latest Iphone 11 pro and owns a luxurious car. 🇽🇰❤️😍
Bad thing about Slovenia is our dictatic goverment
Austria: Yes.
Wait, but if you say we drink the most beer per capita in the world, doesn't that make us the best at drinking beer?
I was wondering where any uk countries were until I realised we left the EU last year
4:37 that’s because Belarus be drinking vodka
5:00 that isn't a bad thing
I swear to god if I see any Serbians in the chat..
Are you going to do this series to all of the continents?
How is lowest % of religion a bad thing?
Where is england
I’ve never been so proud of my small Belgium!!
How come being the least religious country in the world is something bad?
The reason Finland ranks highly in both happiness and depression is because they consume the most antidepressants in Europe (possibly the world)
Where is Macedonia?🇲🇰
Iceland is the best country actually, I mean is the least populated. Is a great place where you can set and be far far away for the shitty humans that exist in this shitty world.
This video lacks data sources, the time span it's taking in consideration, it's pretty much clickbait.
I know that Austria is „Best” at cutting trees
Being the least religious country in the world is a positive, we are the best at no believing in mumbo jumbo
Austria is the worst at invading serbia
Imagine being the worst at being the worst *laughes in Austrian*
Are you treat uk as separate countries
Austria has the worst spiders and a fucking platypus
Sweden: Worst at regulating immigration
How can you say that a country having a high portion of smokers is a bad thing when you're suggesting that Iceland and its high cannabis frequency as a potential good thing "depending on how you look at it"? Both of these habits are inherently self-destructive and exceptionally dangerous. It's therefore impossible to logically characterize these stats as a "good" thing.
Why is the death penalty listed as a bad thing for Belarus?
Im sure hungary is the worst at more things not only sales tax
Austria is worst at NOT creating Adolf Hitlers.
Croatia has worst railways and trains.. If you are visiting Croatia avoid trains, use buses, they are faster and cheaper
Austria used to have the worlds largest chin problem
How is Estonia’s lack of religion a bad thing?
Austria has the worst art schools. Unfortunately, we learned that the hard way.
Iceland, here I come...
Im half 🇦🇹 half 🇸🇮. Guess this makes me the worst at being the worst.
Awesome Estonia  5:05 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 Super like
A lot of people from Catalonia/Spain buy cigarettes in Andorra because they are cheaper there.
Austria is worst at getting anschlusst
00:11 Every European country... in Europe!
INDIA is Worst in Corruption am i right
I mean,for Estonia to be the least religious country for me is not that much of a negative thing.
Belgium only has the highest mortality rate because we're the most transparent country on the planet with our cases. if, in an elderly home, 1 person is diagnosed, and 20 die in the following months, all 20 were counted as Corona deaths, no other country does it like that. you have to at least halve our death rate to make an even remotely accurate comparison.
Germany has the highest taxas in the world.
1:40 Austrians are the worst at NOT starting a World War 👀
Not really Austria’s fault, but there was this crazy mustache dude that was born there. I think he moved to Germany or something
Please remember when you get to second part of this video that you remember that United Kingdom is not one Nation. It’s made from four nations that been Scotland England wales and Northern Ireland so it would be nice if u did the nations individually rather than doing the United Kingdom as a whole because not everybody from the UK see them selfs as British. Like me i don’t see myself as British I am Scottish and proud to be. I think speak for most nationalists from United Kingdom so please do the countries individually thanks also love your videos keep up the good work 🙂
Austria: the worst at painters
>>Czechia >> beer Is that a worst ?
Austria is the worst at being the worst at things in Europe
The funnier fact is that he hasn't created a video about what every European country is BEST at
Dis man won't let Greece catch a break!😂 Dis country has the most debt, so why are they not givin to charity???
I'm Hungarian and I easily made ethnic Danish friends when I was studying there so I'm not sure about this one
austria = speaking normally :DDDDD    jk...
When is part 2 coming out??? I want to see my home country, North Macedonia
Damn,these videos must be expensive if reallifelore always needs a sponsor
I think you messed up. You put Czechia in this video. You were supposed to put it in "What every country is best at"...
7:17 if for medicine, yes. Other ways, no
Georgia has breakaway states but Cyprus is occupied? What the hell?
Austria.. the highest proportion of vegaterian art student who went on to be genocidal maniac s
Austria is the worst at making this list
Azerbaijan can easily outdictatorshipise Belarus.
Belgium: highest corona death rate in the world.  And i need to cross the Luxembourgish/Belgian border to to school in less than 1 week. Nice
6:49 are all the Islands not highlighted not a part of Greece?
Lots o Finns wonder who bribed who to give the impression that Finland is the happiest country,
Least religious country in the world? I wish the US could be like that, it'd be so much nicer not having the GOP trying to shove their religion down my throat.
Czechia: Has one of the biggest racism/homophobic problem in the world. RLL: They drink Beer yo
For Azerbaijan, you forgot Nakhchivan
>estonia is the least religious country in europe but that's a good thing!
Montenegro also does not have McDonalds
Don't forget that Belgium also has a big problem keeping unity and having any government. The conflict between the two parts (wallonia and Flanders) is also that comes up every few years.
Did dis man just equate income inequality to secularism???🤨
Well you could say that Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being worst at things.
Hi from Bulgaria. True facts about us, but we're also corupted.
1:56 I find it hard to believe. Azeris are relatively wealthy with all that oil money. Shouldnt be the lowest car ownership rate.
Austria is worst at being worst at something
Well we haven't updated our railways since Austria-Hungary times so... 🤣 Our bus network is quite good tho
f you where is sweden
Ireland is also one of the few European nations where the Patria Lingua (father tongue(Irish) is not the Lingua Franca (the language spoken regularly by the majority)
Why is Armenia here?
Austria is the worst State (Bundesland) of Germany...
"Cyprus has the worst internet"   Germany: Guten Tag
Me going to study abroad at Denmark to make friends after watching this video : well there goes my hopes
Austria has the worst internet
Armenia is in Asia not europe
Austria: the Hapsburgs
I wonder when part 2 will come out
So you mean that Czech Republic is the best at drinking beers , no the worst?
Belgium doesnt simply have the highest death from coronavirus, It's actually because we declare all death even the ones we're not sure are caused by coronavirus ...
Italy having the least amount of muh “diversity” is a bad thing?  Right...
Where's Scotland?
the  cold in austria i hate it its more cold than the countrei i live in and our countie gets cold in the winter (`-------------`)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol    ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Andorra's smoking problem" is a huge mistake which a professional like you shouldn't have made. It's foreigners buying cigarettes there due to no VAT.
Finland is the largest  bipolar population
*scrolling in comments to find a flame war*
Austria is the worst at having most successful artists
France is also the country with the most consumers of anti-depression medicine in Europe
Belgium is beter at counting corona death rate in Europe. Because they say all of the deaths witch are counted above the average daily death  are credited to corona. basically every country is cheating by only crediting half or even less to corona. TLDR: country's cheat corona death rates except Belgium.
7:49 He said Italy but doesn't include Sardinia.
Being the least religious country in the world is a good thing. Being religious often comes from bad education and being manipulated by family and society. Good job estonia😉👍🏻
Why is not being religious seen as a bad thing in this list?
Even Kazakhstan is in the video but Turkey isn't. Like, i'm not saying Turkey is a european country but it is way more european than Kazakhstan. Thats a shame.
I don't consider the "least amount of religious people" something bad at all! What's wrong with being atheist? It's the opposite - It shows that the country provides freedom to its people to be what they want. This by the way saves a lot if unnecessary conflicts.
Austria has the worst sense of humor out of all European country’s. They are like Germans without a sense of humor.
In Albania we don't suffer from natural disasters that often, apart of the winter floods which are caused mainly by human error(ironic i know). The last earthquake was devastating, but the previous  big one was decades ago. On the other hand, it is true that we are totally backwards when it comes to research and science, but we also produce the highest number of scientists in a year(researchers, specialized doctors, chemists). Sadly only 2 or 3 of them stay in Albania. 99% of them move abroad to continue their work.
Wait, what? Less religious = better. Fite me, christards!
The Caucasus are in Europe?
Cyprus is the worst at 6.9 MBPS Me: Cries in 2.5 MBPS
estonia is the least religious . I think thats not worst, its the best
Kosovo is a province of Serbia.
Hitler was born in Austria, thats what is bad.
You forgot england
Cannot wait too what Latvia sucks with.
Just to mention The corruption in Hungary is so bad, the government didn't release publicly the study about the corruption, before they skewed the numbers. Just to think about it.
I am pretty sure the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and some of the breakaway states in Georgia and Moldova have the least amount of recognition, even less than Kosovo. Northern Cyprus is only recognized by Turkey
Why do you refer to countries as SHE? Why not say they?
also Hungary has the most government propaganda pushed to people's faces every day
Slovenia: Worst first lady
This list is depressing
Austria is the worst at not being the worst👍
The video stars at 0:37
Wage gap isn't real
When you highlighted italy you missed sardinia
A better one for Belgium would be: the worst at forming a government
Austria Is WORST in the rudest waiters. I love you Austria, I am your neighbor from Slovenia, which is the worst in I know what, I just will not say (maybe corruption at the top).
Why being least religious is a bad thing ??
5:15 So basically Finland is the most bipolar country in Europe?
Waiting for thia video. Nice. Thank you.
So... what is supposed to be be bad about Estonia's atheism?
WTF?! Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are in Europe now?? XDD
Hahaha Slovenia 😄
The gender wage gap does not exist.
A few of these countries are in the Near East NOT Europe.
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
Austria is worst at defeating Napoleon
Austria eat the most calories on average
Shoutout Slovenia
pls split uk into scotland england n.ireland wales
Austria is the worst at naming cities one is named fu$king
Croatia also have high taxes! Can you make lists of good things in Europe?
The problem with college graduation in Italy is mostly because for young Italians is really hard to find a good job and create a good career, so they usually go graduate in a foreign country and stay living there
Ireland isnt number 1 for alcohol for once
Yeah!Greece up here crankink with the worst economical problem ever!!!
Poland: bad for lgbt community Also Poland: highest number of bisexual people in the world 😂
Me watching the first 30 seconds as an austrian: 👁👃👁 bruh
Some of these countries u named are in Asia not Europe
Oh I’m austrian and we’re the worst in adopting new standards/technologies. Not too bad per se, but still, you guys across the pond have no clue but, for example, the bureaus here still do everything on paper, only now they start to switch to PCs and adopt new technology... 🙄🤦🏼‍♂️
Dude, in the Greek map you only highlighted 20% of the Aegean islands! There are still ours, we haven't yet sold them to pay our dept (at least I hope so...)!
5:23 Finland being so happy is depressing
I can already feel The Netherlands will be drug related
How is not being culturally diverse a bad thing?
Austria: worst at keeping Arnold Schwarzenegger
Austria started the most brutal conflicts in history
"...we're going to focus exclusively on what every European country is worst at in Europe specifically" When I'm trying to hit the word limit on an essay
Kazakhstan is definitely not a part of Europe
the austrians are the worst at speaking german
Am I the only one who thought Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan are technically Asian, not European?
5:00 I don't see why this would be a bad or a good thing on it's own.
Estonia, largest gender pay gap and least religious country. WTF
Germany: Winning World Wars
Estonia being the least religious country seems like a win to me, not a “worst at”...
Austrians are the worst at making bad Schnitzels.
"Kosovo has the least amount of recognition for any state in Europe". I supposed that depends on what you call a state. Abkhazia, South Ossetia, Artsakh, and Transnistria are all defacto independent territories with varying degrees of autonomy. None of them are recognized by any member of the U.N. The do, however, all maintain their own government.
Austria has the highest rate of rejected painters, not the best place for people of art
Stirring the pot I see?... like the humanity needs it
Namaskar    ( Reply me in your  language)
Derending european people interests...its hard to termine who is worse at that they are all pretty good
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 Now im waitinf for part2 💜💜
I found the Danes super nice... why we no friend? XD
Smooth yet passive-aggressive transition to the Skilshare ad... love it! Great video!
That thing about Denmark being the hardest for making friends is so true!! I worked in a research lab on a project for 4 years in Denmark and did not make any Danish friends! Only expats like myself! I thought I had Danish friend, but she turned out to be Swedish! :) Now, don't get me wrong! Danes are very friendly and helpful people!
Czechia's worst thing is beer consumption? Dafuq, we are proud of that. :D
Czechia has the highest beer consumption per capita.  I thought this is about what every country is worst at.
Well, Belarus sounds fucking lovely doesn't it.
This video just bums me out
Really digging the graphics on this video good work my man
Norway,  uk ?
Armenia isn’t in Europe?
Austria is worst at getting blamed for WWs
Austria; Poisoning wine Hitler was Austrian  Started wwi and wwii because Hitler  And the worst thing Austria has ever done  INCEST
How can literal drugs be a good thing in your country but mcdonalds not?
Finland:has most depprshion  Also finland :is the happiesst country  Evryone:the are confusing times         My atou corect when i need it:fu*k you im outa here My atou corect when i dont need it:bonjor
Kosovo is Kekistan 🐸
so germanys biggest weakness is that we cant give millions of refugees a home? k
What germany is worst at: Building an airport.
Man really didn't say Serbia for the Kosovo bit, cmon thats our thing :D
Malta also has the death penalty still technically
Not quite sure how being the least religious country is inarguably a bad thing; each person will have their own opinion there so it’s not something there’s really a case for being universally true.
8:12 Before arguing if Kazakhstan is in Europe or not, let's agree on a universal definition of *Europe* 😂 because no one has done it yet. Whether we talk geopolitics, culture, land geography, tectonics or if we define a continent as being a continuous pece of land it will change a lot 😁
True KkonaW
I there any sources ?
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
moooore
Part 2 when ?
Are u gonna do Scotland?
Austria can’t keep the Germans out so yea
Austria is the worst at judging art school applicants
Germany bad at wining world wars
imagine thinking europe doesn't stop at the bosphorus
How is being militarised bad
thank you :Dd;,?&,;,,,,
rip my ethnicity is slovenian 😢
Fact about Belgium (coming from a Belgian guy): We have the highest Covid-19 mortality rate because the government decided to count every suspect case of death as a Covid-19 death (flu, respiratory illnesses, etc). This inflated a lot our statistics which is why we are n°1 in the entire world !
Being the least religious isn't a bad thing.
4:44 looks like my ancestors lived there
I could say Austria is the worst in speaking German, but...
armenia and azerbaijan are not in europe. at all..
Azerbaijan - Infant mortality is actually pretty difficult to use as a fair number, as different countries have different standards as to what "counts" as infant mortality. Most European nations count many, many causes of death as "miscarriage" that in the US are counted under infant mortality.
Excuse me how are Armenia and Azerbaijan European?
*laughs in American*
You guys have to go back 75 years (~ 3 generations of people) to find something bad about Austria? Is Hitler really the only thing that comes to your minds?!?!? cmon. Shall we dig out Dschingis Khan, Kara Mustafa, Darius/Xerxes, Nero and any other warlord from the medieval to the antique that brought war to europe and point our fingers on their origin countries? WW I + II had deeper reasons and the bubble burst ...  not because there was a single austrian person that filled the bubble with "war energy". The urge for war was there, and someone started the ignition, while others may just have waited for this moment or didn't notice that there was pressure in the kettle.    At least (original) vienna people are said to be somewhat unfriendly and grumpy - but thing is, this permanent subtle critique on everything in everyday life maybe keeps things being discussed and getting better over time.
How is least religious country a bad thing??
Austria is racist and one of the most islamopobic country in eu
HEY! Stop ignoring the Faroe Islands! Being part of the Danish Commonwealth makes us no less of a nation than Australia. And OH MY GOD, you consider Cyprus a country, but not us?
Germany is the worst at being worst
I don't exactly see how having the least religious country is a bad thing. Can you explain how that made your list?
Wow thankfully I live in Austria
Will Romania get its own episode since, I doubt that you can fit everything we`re the worst at in a single segment that`s just a few seconds long?
Hungary also has the most corrupted government in Europe.
Croatia 🙂
I still don’t understand how some people consider Armenia and Azerbaijan part of Europe but not turkey
Estonia has the lowest amount if religious people in the world. Wait that's a bad thing?
armenia isnt really in europe
For me it´s akward, that Azerbajan and Kazachstan are counted as Europe- for me everything far eastern than Istanbul is Asia
What's the problem with being non-religious?
RLL: Czech Republic has the highest beer consumption per capita. Czechs: That is a negative?
Czech republic is the most atheist country, not Estonia
I don't see atheism, lack of cultural diversity and death penalty as bad things.
I love RealLifeLore but the pronunciation of a good number of the countries in this video is frustratingly incorrect.
Least religious isn't obligatory bad
When RLL forgets to include Sardinia with Italy  REEEEEEE
> what every country is the worst at proceeds to shows what Czechs are best at
You forgot quite a few countries
Beer: What Czechia is BEST at
"I wasnt able to find anything that either Austria or Slovenia was the absolute worst at. If you live in either one of this country, Iam really sorry to disappoint you."  Why sorry, I live in Austria and Iam really proud of it. Ill take that as an compliment!
The amount of ppl getting triggered about what estonia's being worst at is too damn high
Of course greece wouldn't be generous, they don't even have money lol
“Every country is best and worst at something”  Right after: *I couldnt find anything about Slovenia and Austria*
In which fantasy universe are Armenia and Azerbaijan European countries?
Laughs in Dutch
You haven't highlighted with white many greek islands in the east...
Finland has bipolar disorder
Nah. I like death penalty
I have a friend in cyprus and now i  know why his ping is always so high lol
Де сте бе?
How tf is Azerbaijan in Europe!!??
Not a bullet point: "Belarus is the least democratic and most authoritarian country in Europe" Third bullet point: "Lowest renewable energy production"  Put the bigger travesties up as bullet points, my guy.
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something
Wait for Romania...     Top 1 on at least 10 things that makes it look awful.  Still an amazing country.
Today's fact: The most popular item at Walmart is bananas. They sell more bananas than any other single item they have in stock.
After the events of the past two MotoGP races, Austria is the worst country in Europe when it comes to designing tracks.
Armenia: Most militarised society.  Turkey: Gee, I wonder why is that?
Austrians seems to be bad at getting into art schools
Belgium: Worst Roads
So, Finland wasn't JUST labeled the most depressed country in Europe, they also have the highest suicide rate. Which explains why they have the highest happiness rate I guess? All the sad people keep killing themselves.  Also Iceland smokes the most weed in the WORLD, not just Europe.
Why u put non religious nature of Estonians in worst catagory. It should be the best catagory.
The fact that he keeps referring to Iceland and bulgaria as a she makes me think his native language is not English
Austria has produced most Schwarzeneggers and is therefore the largest reason why Terminator sequels are still being made. Slovenia is... worst at keeping Euroleague MVPs on the continent!  Im from Finland. We have more metal bands than any other country. So we are the worst at  suppressing spread of fast music.
You talked about Kosovo but Not RUSSIA?!
why are there asian countries in here?
When was Armenia and Azerbaijan ever considered Europe
I’m actually very surprised that Albania has **not** received a McDonald’s at some point in their history.
Austria is the worst at not causing world wars.
The UK is the worst country at remaining in The EU. It also happens to be the worst at leaving it. 🤦‍♂️
Least religious country in the world is not something Estonia is worst at but best at in the world!
Cultural influence measure? I'd like to see the criteria.
NT Australia out drinks Belarus.
Austria is the worst at being the worst in Europe
How is being the least religious country in Europe a bad thing? Religion brings war.
If I don't see Turkey on the list I'll be so pissed of
Austria's pretty bad at producing good dictators
Belgium also is the worst at forming governments. In 2010 Belgium took 541 days after the ellections to finally form their government. Since then they have holded the record for the country longest without government. Anno 2020 is Belgium again without government since the 2019 elections.
Austria is the worst when it comes to giving muslims rights
*Worst in controlling COVID-19 pandemic*
EU:Hey bulgaria whats your weakness BG:Being alive
Let me guess... Slovakia has the most corrupt politicians 😂😂😂
i live in Belgium but i dont have Covid 19
If you made this for asia.  Japan Best : Anime Japan worst : Anime
*_CROATIA, BOSNIA, SERBIA = THE WORST AT NOT STARTING CIVIL AND ETHNIC WARS._*
People need to stop calling drinking a problem.
Here is where I think you're wrong about American  Consumption of alcohol You are only counting what gets bought  Not what is made moonshine by the galon
Pretty sure San Marino has a higher covid death rate than Belgium
Good facts, but some are questionable if they should be making the country "worst" at it.
Being low on religion is a good thing though, go Estonia!
A pack of cigarettes is 20, 17 a day is weak
Czechs: I see this as an aboslute win!
Map of Azerbaijan is not correct. Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic was omited.
17 cigs a day is not even a whole pack. if that's the worst in Europe, I'm shocked.
Ooo boy this is going to be fun
As a Bosnian I can say that we are in the Top 10 in a lot of "Worst-lists"..
Why is "least religious country in the world" a bad thing?
As an italian I can say that Italy's "worst at" number 1 and number 3 are true. But I can also say that Italy's numer 2 "worst at" (Italy is the least culturally diverse country in Europe) is not true
Austria is bad at numbering trains.
*Are Azerbaijan, Armenia & Georgia trans??*  I mean *transcontinental countries*
Isn't Armenia in Asia and not Europe?
Having the death penalty is a good thing
Other countries: “Super authoritarian. No freedom of press. Dangerous. So many people are in poverty.”   Croatia: “Idk not many people ride the rails lol”
Slovenian here. I do t know myself
I heard it’s hard to get into art school in Austria
"Least freedom of press" isnt a bad thing at all btw
How is Estonia's lack of religious beliefs a bad thing?
How are Armenia and Azerbaijan I’m Europe
I'm so ashamed for my country 😞   We need to fix that problems or probably we don't have future
It isn’t really fair to consider Belgium as the country with the highest mortality rate, many of its fatalities haven’t been tested so the figure is likely too high That being said, Belgium holds the World record for longest government formation at more than 500 days!
What about Sweden and Norway?
Slovenia has the worst food, its like they didnt hear about this thing called spices
I am certain that in case of Hungary your were referring to value added tax not sales tax. I am not sure, but I think that sales tax is banned across all European Union (and if it exists anywhere in EU it is rather minuscule).
worst? [proudly czech smiling]
Greece: most likely to avoid paying taxes, therefore bankrupting their country
E - England, whilst it is part of the United Kingdom, it's still very much a country.
6:31 Wait that means Andorra has a maximum of 40% of its population over 15 smoking and therefore the amount of cigarettes smoked per day if including what percentage of the population smokes goes to 45 per smoker per day rather than 17 per person per day
All are worst at population
4:59 finally, people who think reasonable
Before watching this video, I’ll just say that Austria is bad at preventing world wars because they technically started both of them
4:33 can't see the Problem here
38181th and 1660th Comment
"Death penalty", "least religious" and "largest pay gap" as "worst at" makes no sense at all.
How tf is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing
The thing Austrians are worst at? Well, where do I start?   Speaking German.  Politicians in foreign countries.  Fighting World Wars.
armenia and azerbajan are part of europe?
This channel has the most engaging audience. I appreciate the efforts, RLL.  The best channel in its category.
Please count Scotland, Ireland, Wales and England rather than the uk
I wouldn't call being the least religious country a problem.
A-K 47
Austria's problem is being anslushed and Slovenia's problem is have to much of a similar name to slovakia.
why is island "she"?
Wtf did u do to serbia on that map, it hurts my eyes.
2:36 Their is a Revolution  going in Belarus 🇧🇾. Pray for them!
I don't see how Estonia being non-religious is at all a bad thing...
90,000 ppl in Belarus are in slavery....
As a Czech, why should be drinking of beer considered as a negative point of view? We have the best beer all over the world and we are very proud of it...
Here we go, again, roasting Europe!
Kazakhstan is not an european country lol
No offense French people, but I though for France he was gonna say something like "They aren't vert good at fighting Germans."
Great
Right-Wing Brits will cry if you put UK in part 2.
The Netherlands: we bump our heads the most when visiting other countries
Finland also has some of the highest rates of racism against migrants, an epic move by the real Europeans
7:50 he didnt color that italian island white in the west of italy
How is drinking most beer "the worst"? Every Czech knows that beer has vitamins, but there not much of them, so you need to drink lots of beer.
Romania:Sees this video. Also Romania:I am the best! LOL
I believe Austria has the highest underage smoking rate in the world. Some Austrians told me and when I went there I'd say it seemed true
Some of these "worst" are debatable. I wouldn't qualify being the least religious country as a bad thing, for instance...
Keep in mind that Belgium's covid-19 death rates are going to be inflated, because they have a much broader definition of what qualifies as a covid-19 death than most countries.  Also, "lowest vehicle ownership" isn't necessarily a *bad* thing. Cars are incredibly bad for the environment, socioeconomic equality, and basically everything else - if it's for the right reasons (better transport available), then low vehicle ownership can be a very positive thing!
Why is being non religious considered negative?
Germans also have the worst humor
German here. Austria may isn't the worst at anything, but they are just the worst.    Jk, love you guys.
Obligatory not starting world wars for Austria
officially Belgium has the highest Covid death rate, but that's because we have a diferent way of counting and include way more people in it. So we are actualy in line with most other European countries.
Finland is bipolar, prove me wrong
Andorra is speed running getting a lung cancer problem
Kosovo Je
Noo I was going to search up for part 2
I’m proud I’m a Czech
Kazakhstan is in Europe????
Ireland: cancer is the highest. Guess my country is all about that Fortnite.
so kazahkstan has a sliver of land in europe and you include it; the economic might of russia is located in europe and you ignore it
How is being least religious even bad?
Now it's Ur duty to give positive points on this country 🙎🙎🙎
Czechia: Highest beer consumption per capita  Me: wait, is that a bad thing?
There’s a lot of angry atheists down here. It’s pretty funny honestly.
Where was the UK? We’re still in Europe
Why ist beeing least religous country framed as a bad thing?
RealLifeLore: "Estonia is the least religious." Me: "Yeah, but isn't this supposed be a list of bad things?"
I don't think put Least religious country in a video talking about what every country is worst at is a good idea.
Why are all the countries "she" and not transpeople? UR HOMOPHOBIC
Greece is the least charitable nations because there is no money to give away since there is the crisis
If you would count scotland then you could say we have the worst stab rates since 2000
How can azerbaijan and armenia be in europe when eastern turkey isnt?
The point about "Czechia" is an achievement, not something to be considered bad, wtf...
Gotta get that 10 minute video size
so many inaccuracies and yankee biases
Stop referring to countries as females Jesus Christ!
shape of Finland is wrong you have kept in it the lost territory of salla which was lost to soviet union in ww2 other wise all good
Least religious is bad?
Since when are Armenia and Azerbaijan part of Europe?
Lukashenka hates democracy, rule of law, freedom, European Union, Soros etc.
@RealLifeLore did you do this video just for that "if you'd like to stop being the worst at something" skillshare segway?!?
Full Azerbaijan is Republic of Azerbaijan + Nakchevan autonomous republic .pls change map
When u live in a europe country that starts with L
Estonia is the least religious... how is that bad?
Austrian football is bad.
Wheres netherlands ( and sweden)
Some of these stats depend on your point view to be defined as bad. For me, Czechia's consumption of beer and Estonia's lack of religiosity are good things. I would totally move to these countries for those exact reasons.
HOLD UP AZERBAIJAN ARMENIA AND GEORGIA ARE NOT IN EUROPE!
Austrians are bad at keeping empires together
Until a year or so ago I lived my whole life in Europe, yet here's  additional things I learned in this video:  That the Czech republic is also known as Czechia  That Albania is an EU country  That I am far more ignorant than I realised  There are quite a few EU countries I haven't heard of
Armenia and several other countries you named don't belong to Europe but to Asia.
I'm from Belgium rip. I thought you would mention our terrible roads😂
Not sure if others say this, but i've heard finns say "We are happiest country because all the depressed people kill themselves"
Austria is the worst at winning world wars they started.
The people of Greece don't pay taxes and retire at 54. They contribute jack sh*t to EU
Italy: **confused screaming*
Kosovo is not a country
Spain?
The fact about Germany is wrong. Germany only has 48.000 homeless people instead of the 650.000. 650.000 people are getting Homeless assistance, which means, that the are earning so little money, that they are getting money from the goverment to affort a house.
Some of these could be argued to be good things.  What's up with Finland, though?
Being the least religious country in the word is actually a good thing
I don't understand why you list Estonias lack of religiosity as a bad thing.
Austria is the worst at being the worst at bad at something
Portugal: highest index of elderly ladies observing and judging you from the windows of tall buildings
Yeah we count like almost any death that's look a litlle bit like corona. About 50% of all deaths is confirmed to be Covid and the other half they just say is corona
Wait are you actually going to do the UK as 1 country? the constituent countries are vastly different from one another. Yet you have included Kosovo which is a less recognised state than the UK's constituent nations..... where is the logic in that.
Austria: Has the most youth smokers Slovenia: Has the most alcohol deaths
"denmark is the hardest country to make friends in" me, a swede with an inherent need to make fun of The Dane whenever the opportunity arises: Gee, I wonder why. Could it be a _communication_ issue perhaps?
Why only Europe ?
Belgium hasnt got a government for more than 15 months now...
Estonia: least religious country shoul be in the BEST not WORST.
I'd guess that Austrians are the worst at governing a multi-national empire
Greece least generous country  Serbia doesn't approve that  🇷🇸💜🇬🇷
where does this defenition of europe come from where kazakhstan come from ? cus dunno maybe just me but when i went in school and learned europe history the boarders was like turkey to russia to the east of where europe ends
5:02??????
7:51 Apparently Sardinia is not part of Italy :/
You couldnt find anything else for Croatia, wow, Im Croat.
4:31 How is that a bad thing, must be fun people with good taste!
Great video , Possible you will do a version of middle east ?
Austria is bad at speaking German
Wtf is with Italy?
How us being irreligious a bad thing? Come down to Asia or Africa where communal issues are very bad.. I would anyday trade my citizenship to get into Estonia. LONG LIVE, ESTONIA
The uk is technically in the eu we’re just not part of the Europian union
So Caucasus countries are Europe now? When did this happen? Is Mt. Elbrus considered the highest peak of Europe now, not Mt. Blanc? The French will be angry.
Imagine denmark is such a not sucky country that the worst thing is not being able to make friends.
austria is probably most annoying with ecology :D
Austria is the worst at being worst at stuff, it would seem...
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
Least religious, for Estonia sounds like a thing they're best at...
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world"    Thats a good thing
Me: oh, let's see what Latvia is bad at... *from a to k*.... Me: well played... Well played
Kazachstan? Armenia? This guy doesnt know where Europe ends.
Why didn't Azerbaijan's exclave or the Greek islands light up? Also, why did approximately 1 in 1000 Belgians die from Corona?
Belgiums coronavirus problem is because we are one of the only countries that count retirement home deaths as coronavirus deaths
referring to countries as *she* now? get out
7:55  That's a bad thing?
Austria is worst at not startimg world war
Belgium has the highest mortality rate of COVID, Donald can never know you said that
wow im actually kinda early for once like when i iatch a video its always like 2 years ago
Does EU stand for Europe or European Union for you? Bulgaria is poorest in European Union but not in Europe
Kazakhstan might have a bit in Europe, but, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia are not in any way in Europe though.
Everyone's talking about Austria and how it isn't there on the list...      Slovenia: *suprised pikachu face*
Slovenia: the worst neighbour (if your name is Croatia) 😎
Spoiler alert: Lithuania will be the worst in number of suicides per capita
Waait is that all you could find on belgium? A few deaths?
italy and france have no border disputes
Awaiting for Spain like... 🙄🙄🙄 (Seriously)
Albania has also lost many doctors to wealthier countries like Germany.   I know quiete some albanian doctors here in germany
Azerbaijan isn't in eurpoe
Belgium counted the Covid deaths differently, they counted a lot of deaths with uncertain cause too. So the statistic is pretty worthless...
What about Malta? 🇲🇹
Why is not having McDonalds and having militarised society bad
Austria is bad at wars
I feel personally attacked, Joseph
The Finland one kinda confuses me so can someone fill me in? Is it just the highest in terms of professionally diagnosed depression?
azerbaijan:lowest rate of vehicle ownership also azerbaujan: conducts f1 race on the streets in its capital makes perfect sense to me
How is Estonia being the least religious a bad thing??? Wtf??!!
Kazakhstan be like: YES,  ME, EUROPEAN :|
I am Indian..  I used to think that European countries are better in every field.. But this video proved me wrong ❌  😅😅..
Romania does not recognise Kosovo as a state. Google it. Where did you get that info?
Europe is nothing without the things they looted from Colonization
As a Bosnian I completely agree that we have the worst air quality in Europe. People are burning so plastic, tires and what not in winter. Also it is the most corrupt country in Europe and a big rich to poor gap
heii, Armenia has no Mcdonalds too!
Slovenia and Austria:  _all right Ima head out_
On how a country (Finalnd) can be both the happiest and the most depressed:  Imagine you have 100 people from country A and B: in country A 60 of them are happy, 35 are neither and 5 are depressed! in country B 50 of them are happy, 48 are neither and 2 are depressed! Country A is both "happier" and "more depressed" than country B!
whats the matter with estonia?  is bad to have an atheist population? is it a thing that can be called worst?
Finland, how are feeling today?  Finland: I am fine, everything is OK, I'm really fine btw
Austrians are the worst at pronouncing German. They're like Bavarians on steroids
I mean slovenia essentialy kicked off the balkan wars then dipped out so i guess theres that
Dont really see that Croatia is the worst in volume of railway passengers, smaller countries are worser. But the worst thing in whole Europe is that that children who start to live by their own ( leave parents house) is the worst. Average age is only 33-38.  Sorry for my bad English, hope you understood what I said. Also I think that Slovenia has a very hard language to learn in Europe and it creates so much confusion for any foreigner to learn it. Don't know whether Iceland is similarly hard but my experience shows that anyone trying to learn ex-Yugoslavian languages finds it extremely hard because we put 3+ consonants together and Slovenia has far more and difficult to pronounce words
Defending Western culture. * except Poland and Hungary et. al.
"Czechia has the highest consumption of beer per capita" how is that being worst at something? I see it as an absolute win
Slovenia has the biggest "Tourists are moving through our Country to get to another but don't stay here" problem
6:01 It's no surprise  They all fled East Germany and probably couldn't find many homes
Austria has produced most Adolf Hitler's in the world. That's pretty bad.
Being the "least religious" should NOT qualify for a "worst at" list, at all.  If anything, that should be on a "highest quality of life" list. Abandoning the poison of magical thinking? Lets hope that spreads.
Estonia has McDonald's too
Where’s England?
Not having a McDonald's isn't a bad thing.
Bruh like macedonia
Belarus is a dictatior ha
im sry but why is it bad to be the least religious country in the world?
1284th
greece is the average single mum in uk
Being an atheist is bad? No McDonald's is a bad thing, have you tried real chips, not made from cardboard. Also beer is bad? Cannabis is bad? Tax is bad? This is so american.
least religious and least densely populated are good things though...
United Kingdom: Brexit deals
How is Estonia having no religion bad?
Sinds when is Azerbaijan European?
Only 1 worst about Hungary, not bad!
So.... did Sardinian become independence
YES!
What Austrians are bad at: Conquering Europe
a lot of these aren't in europe, they're much closer to the middle east
How is a low religion rate a bad thing? At least those people don't get lied to.
Andorra has very cheap cigarettes, and millions of French and Spanish tourists get cheap cigs from there every year... Hence the statistics.
Cypruses average Internet speed is higher than my home Internet 😐
Image including kazakistan and not sweden lol.
Can't wait for Romania
Wouldn't all the break away states be the least recognized states instead of Kosovo?
If real life lore hearts this comment, I'll be really happy!
Austria: *wearing good luck charm since 1918*
I remember reading about a study about Denmark being the country hardest to make new friends in but the same study also said the friends people made were generally a closer and longer lasting than in many other places in Europe. Also being the worst at being religious (Estonia) is very much a positive in my book. Not sure it was meant to be negative anyway but yea.
Cant wait to see what Sweden is worst at...😂 Worst taxes maybe😂 Or maybe the worst border control😂
how is the leats religious country bad? thats great news!
i whant to know about Latvia !
7:52 Sardinia is part of Italy, but not highlighted
Austria is the worst in starting wars
Austria: most unfriendly people
Italy sounds perfect.
not poggers
I can't argue with the fact that we have the wors railroads. Mans train got delayed for 3 HOURS.
COUNTRIES ARE NOT SHE (OR HE)! THEY'RE SEXUALLY NEUTRAL! THAT'S SEXIST AGAINST YOURSELF!
Italy's the least culturally diverse country in Europe? Good.
kosovo: not unanimously recognised as a state northern cyprus: *hold my beer*
Sardinia (island under Corsica) is actually part of Italy 7:49 . Also Corsica is part of France 5:30
Belgium is also the worst at forming a government
I just realised this video cane out 37 minutes ago
You've got some funny ideas of what Europe is.
Cyprus is culturally associated with Europe but by any rational assessment it is in Asia.
ReaLifeLore: In Europe Also RealLifeLore: Kazakhstan
1:41 Not Knowing when to let people into art school for the good of humanity.
Austrians have the highest probability to fail art school.
Being the least religious is a very good thing, every country should follow
I'm sure Slovenians are more upset that you didn't say their country's name correctly edit: same with Belarus, seriously get your shi* together edit: AND Herzegovina
Austria is the worst at not ripping off Australia's name
The  comment for belgium is quite deceiving because of the many different ways of counting the Covid casualties per country . Only the over mortality figures could provide a more accurate measure of the Covid impact.  And  the  UK is number one in that category...
Ireland is also the most deforested country in Europe
dude... Germany = shit Internet
The word 'World' always starts with a capital letter when referring the the home planet of 'all' humans i.e. the Earth.
Why is Iceland a she?
Think you got that backwards, sounds like estonia is _best_ at being least religious. The most religious country should be deemed "worst".
why is Kosovo there?Kosovo is Serbia.
Austria has produced some of the most dangerous dictators in human history
Your definition of Europe is quite troublesome.
0:50 are they using a mac keyboard instead of a tablet? lol
Man you will have a lot to choose from when ur doing Romania... Some spots to check The least percentage of ppl with internet connection Highest poverty rate Highest amount of car crashes Most crowded city
This video was all about smoking. RLL a smoker confirmed.
Least generous people is by far the biggest lie I've ever heard. Come visit Greece and you'll find out
wonder if he will make one of these on all the other continents
Least religious country in the world as something you are worst at? That's a very weird oppinion saying not being religious is bad.
I don't see not having a McDonald's as a flaw, the shit they sell is horrible
Please do more continent after this
4:53 Least religious? That is actually a good thing
Austria is the worst at keeping Trentino-Alto Adige for themselves
Im czech
5:23  *Finland rated as the most depressed AND happiest place on Europe at the same time*  Something tells me a Black hole will appear here out of nowhere...
Is it a bad thing to have most non-religious people in a country?
god damn it! im from slovenia
Azerbaijan has large landlocked exclave called Nakhchivan which you did not highlighted. Please consider that
Least religious is not really a bad thing...
Hes Holding the 20min. Video for america back
In the thumbnail  You know, Russia ain't part of Europe
I wouldn't consider Armenia, Aserbaidschan, Georgia or Kasachzstan european
Austria made Hitler, so they've got that goimg against them.
What does it even mean to have the most militarised society?
Time to go to Estonia and preach! And then be kicked out or something
The reason Belgium has the most Covid19 deaths is that for some reason they thought it would be good to calculate in every older persons who has died during the corona virus living in a retirement home. So every elderly who had died is a retirement home or residential care center during this period has been calculated in with the death count. Even if they weren't even tested or if there was any covid infection in the homes or near the area.
Since when is Azerbaijan in Europe??
Why is least religious a bad thing. I would consider it as great, because the people are educated and dont believe in myths.
You didn’t highlight Nakhchivan as part of Azerbaijan  Neither Sardinia as part of Italy or Corsica as part of France
Yes man
No One : Literary No One :  RLL : Doesn't Mention Russia in One Word Although He Mention Kazakhstan, Azerbainjan, Georgia, Armenia in it
Austria has the worst basements.
Estonia: To be the least religious country in the world should be in the video "What every country is best at" instead. Religion sucks. Believing in medieval myths is just stupid.
What about holland
Finland is the happiest country in Europe, because even though we have high rates of depression here, most of us just don't give a shit about anything, meaning that we aren't exactly happy or sad. And because we aren't sad, we are the happiest country in Europe.  I know, it makes no sense.
DAMN 150 DISLIKES ALREADY (sry caps).
How come Ireland have more cancer patients if people of Andorra and Greece are chain smokers?
where is sweden
Why is Czechia having the highest consumption of beer considered treated as something bad?
Kosovo is the least recognized country in Europe? Transnistria says hi.
I’m early
Germany is the worst at winning world war
Azerbaijan real life lore guy has gone mad
Why are most smokers and most drinkers something they're bad at and most cannabis users something they're best at?
What about glory holes?
Wheres 🇲🇰 Macedonia
Includes Iceland and Finland. But not. Norway or Sweden. What?
I have it on good authority that Kazakhstan is the number 1 exporter of potassium in the world
Well, I live in Vienna and I could proudly say that we have the cockiest assholes anywhere in the world.
As far as I'm aware Hungary is one of the worst countries in Europe for LGBT people, especially transgender people.
Those German homeless are almost exclusively foreigners. In Germany everyone who needs it can get welfare, it just is linked to certain responsibilities. When you get welfare, you need to prove that you sent out a certain amount of job applications each month, you need to show up to appointments they give you, you need to go to adult education classes when they sent you and you need to tell them when you leave the state you're in. That is too much for many people and they rather go panhandling and begging.  In the nearest city to where I live, you can see old women in head scarfs begging literally a less than 100 yard walk away from the government office where they could apply for welfare.
1:46 i guess nachivan does not exist
Next Episode: What is america worst at from a-z
I'm guessing the UK is the fattest 😑
bela-roooooooos
Andorra people when they hear people who don’t smoke: *loud breath*
Don't get me wrong, but when did Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan became part of Europe? Those are more Asian countries. Maybe it would be better to call this video blabla In Eurasia?
now the americas
Wow that 2nd Estonia one seems a little mismatched to the video title
You missed a section of Azerbaijan
As a Slovenian I can confirm we are totally the best at everything and that's the ultimate reason he didn't find anything that we are the worst at
The reason why Croatia has the least railroad travelers is... well, our railways are absolute shit. But it wasn't like that all the time. Just about 12, 13 years ago trains were fast-ish. Now the railway is in absolute shit condition and trains are painfully slow becaues of the poor state of the tracks. Not to mention they stop at every single stop on shorter trips.
Armenia and Azerbeidzjan aren't in Europe.
I don.t find it „bad„ that Estonians are not religious; that is something good if you ask me.
Why did you list "least religious" as something bad when looking at Estonia? That's just weird.
RealLifeLore: Finds nothing worse about Austria     Me: laughs in Austrian😂
5:00 is that a bad thing? I mean, I'm not saying it because I hate religion or something, but I don't think is something bad
Austria is the worst at getting blamed for world wars
y’all are so pressed in the comments it’s actually funny 🥱✨ chile anyways
Who else keep seeing "if you like this  you will be successful one day" comments? Only me ok
Austria is the worst at being bad at something...
I live in Bulgaria. Back in 2004, we were in the top 5 of the most smartest countries IN THE WORLD, but now in 2020 we are almost last in Europe... We became stupider and poorer
Austria are the worst at speaking german
Why do you say that Estonia is being bad at being religious . Bro it's a good thing that people are letting go of foolish beliefs.
Support GREECE !!! THIS IS NOT EUROPEAN "UNION"
5:00 bruh since when religion is good
Belarus probably has lowest renewable energy cuz they’re still shook from Chernobyl lol
Please do about asia plsssssssssssssssss
Austria: Most likely to produce a dictator with a funny mustache
When I heard that Italy is the less culturally diverse country in Europe I laughed so much. It seems their criteria are extremely inaccurate...We don't need foreigners to be "diverse", in this peninsula traditions change from region to region, from province to province, from city to city and many cultures influenced Italian "identity" over the millenia to the point that it's even difficult to define us as a true nation rather than a unified group of small (and not very proud) nations under a single flag.
Bulgaria also has the highest abortion rate in Europe
Technically the land (exclave) between Armenia and Turkey is still part of Azerbaijan which you didn't shaded 1:57
So, basically: Finland is the country with the most mood swings in the world
me after seeing rll video posted 29 mins ago: *YEET*
Are you depressed Finland?     Well yes, but actually no
Ok,i have a question. Why you didn't included Abkhazia and South Ossetia but you did included Kosovo? Situation in all 3 is same, but in this video it isn't...
The reason why Italy has the lowest college graduation rate is because it also has some of the worst education system in Europe. Pretty ironic
Come on Austria, You can do better!
Being least religious country is an advantage though, good going there Estonia, world would be alot better place if all other countries were like you
Where’s england? We’re still a country in the European continent....
"I couldn't find something Austria is the best or worst at"  Both World Wars: "..."
Estonia: Least religious Why is that a bad thing?!
In Czechia we are proud to be the state with the highest beer drinking rate, because we are the nation that is really good in making beer. And that thing wirh Estonia; do you really think it's bad thing that there are the most atheists in the world? In nowadays religion isn't important for studying at the university as it was in the Middle Ages and it isn't important for the scientists who are healing our deseases and scientists who are exploring the universe, so religion isn't that important in modern era and it wouldn't be important in the future even more. P.s. If you speak about Iceland, it's ,,He,, not ,,She,,
Spain?
Italy the least cuturally diverse country? How is that a bad thing?
0:30 lists Kosovo as a country *grabs popcorn and scrolls down*
If friend making capacity is on the list then find something on Austria. Maybe they have the worst smelling farts in Europe.
I don't think people from Andora smoke that much. It's a common place for strangers to buy cigarettes and alcohol because it's pretty cheap.
Poland :/
Austria, WW1 ...
You kinda missed the Azerbaijan's exclave
why didn't you inculde nahcivan region with azerbaijan?
You: Danes aren't good at making friends A Dane: F you, you are on my mortal enemies list
Azerbaijan is NOT Europe, jesus christ.  How far east of the Bosphorous is Azerbaijan?  What the hell is going on here?  I could make the argument that Europe isnt even a continent, its obviously the ass-end of Asia.
Just two words LITHUANIA  SUICIDE  and you know
Austria is the worst and best at being Austria
Germany: building airports
this is disgustingly biased
Worst name of any town in the world is   Lanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogo , in Wales.
"Kosovo isn't recognized most notably by [8 countries that AREN'T Serbia]"  I'm not sure if that's left out because it's obvious, or because we're being trolled, but well played.
You can tell this is an American the way he pronounces most of these countries 😂😂
Austrian are the worst in German
"Every country is the best and worst at something"  20 seconds later:  Well yes but actually no
i like how reallifelore thinks all countries are girls.
Albania have airport
Well we can all say They are bad at keeping power of their monarchs.
Iceland has the highest consumption of cannabis... I like that idea
I know something Austria is the best at (which is a bad thing): starting both world wars and successfully blaming it on ME.
Andorra citizens don´t live in a continuos cigarrette smoke fog, XD. Taxes in Andorra are lower than in Spain or France, so many people of those countrys go there to buy cigarrettes. Fun Fact: Even some spanish youtubers have moved to Andorra to pay less taxes, once they become popular enough to start making "real money", creating some polemic doing it.
Armenia is not european at all
Where is the other half of the list?
were is more countrys in Europe
Kazakhstan  Whaaaatt?I thought it is in Asia
belgium only has such high numbers of corona deaths because everyone whom's death is even suspected to be from corona is added to that statistic even if wasnt corona that killed them
3:04 That's because, unlike other countries, Belgium is very transparent with counting deaths and doesn't underreport.
Why is Estonia's Atheism mentioned as a bad thing?
Azerbaijan is in Europe?
Not looking forward to when he finishes the europe list and then rips on the US by saying we suck even harder lol
That moment you forget the Netherlands
Do what is every continent was a country in the same video
Predicting nitrogen problem for the Netherlands and highest drug production
FYI: Belgium has the highest deathrate due to covid because we counted every single suspicious death, even without testing.  When you take a look at the excess mortallity charts,  you will see that other countries did not do as good of a job counting. However, we still got hit hard.
ok you are being blaten mean
I don't see how the danish one is bad.
Nice what we need this year: more bad feelings.
Some of these countries are more Asia than Europe, also some are not even countries like Kosovo...
The Balkans: Everything.
Belarus still doing Serfdom.
There exists not a single statistic about the number of homeless in Germany, let alone in all European countries. Thus, I wonder how you came up with the weird view that in Germany has the most homeless? If all of your research was of similar quality, then this whole video is just a collection of fake news...
least religious country in the world is a very good thing
So who smokes more? Andorra or Greece?
Kosovo is not the least recognised state in Europe - that’s Northern Cyprus.
Good. Give in to your hatred, and your journey towards the Dark Side will be complete.
Austria has the worst pedophiles.
RealLifeLore: Every Country in Europe Ukraine, Moldova, Turkey and others: Am I a joke to you?
Noth cyprus South cyrups
Austria is worst in transparency, the Austrian equivalent of John Oliver just made a episode on it.
Cant wait for the American one.  Usa: Highest rate of obesity and diabetes also school shootings.
Why is Estonia having the lowest amount of religious people treated as something bad?
So... you are saying 4:31 drinking beer and 5:00 being atheist are bad? But those are my favourite things to do!
Since when is being the least religious country a bad thing?
My new life goal is to go to Denmark and make a friend
S s
You should change the title to EU instead of Europe, because the UK is in Europe just not the EU
Best to do some fact checking about the territory of Greece as highlighted in your video.
Caucasian borders are tricky, especially with Azerbaijan and Armenia having competing claims, and there being several self-proclaimed independent states in the region.
Many of these aren't even bad, for example Estonia's atheist population.
Mfw seeing athists in the comments are triggered by the guy saying that religion is a good thing XD
Reading the title of this video gave me a stroke
Quite right to include Kazakhstan. But 'Kosovo' is not pronounced "Kohsavo".
Croatia doesn’t need railroad when you got the ocean and a highway haaha, however yes our railroads are basically in disarray go to Split and you’ll see it yourself
0:48 How the fuck is that a bad thing. Not selling processed garbage food is actually a very good thing
Our population is shrinking because our polition is the worst in the world
If all you could find was the Ireland is high % wise of getting cancer and cystic fibrosis, then we must be doing decently everywhere else lol
Austria: Worst at staying out of World Wars, also starting World Wars
Austria fails at being Australia
Like lack of religiosity and cars per person are a bad markers lmao
"Least religious country in the world" What?! That sounds amazing.
World should show more love and support for belarusian people in fighting against lukashenko tyranny right now
Honestly... How is not having McDonald's a bad thing 😂
I am confused by how Czechia is the worst at drinking the most beer, many people view this as the Best thing we're good at tbh
t. Amerimutt
Austria is the worst at making world-dominating leaders
Please do this for every continent
Austria is the worst at not accepting Art students
i'm happy we dint make the list  :P
Belarus being the most Authoritarian country in Europe with the most executions:  Alexander lukaschenko: This is where the fun begins
No europeans so far whining in the comment section, that they have the best health insurance?
To the one person who reads this, have a good day!
Where's the UK
Estonia: " least religious country in the world" Remind me again why that's a bad thing?
You could make a whole movie for USA 🇺🇸
thumbnail:  europe is poop me: thats my video for me
...Kazakhstan is in Europe?!
4:55 Least religious country in the world is a good thing tho
I Disliked this due to some of the things listed as "worst" is either not bad (maybe even good like Icelands Long night time) or something neutral like the amount of vehicles or Kazakhstan having their own culture (Don't know if it's a Good or Bad Culture, but a lack of influence is not a bad thing, If it's good it's a positive for sure) & Some things actually belong on the Best list like Estonia being the closest to abandon religion. Sigh...
What about Sweden and Norway ?
Make this video but on USA, it's free content
So Finland has the worst... happiness gap?
WW3 Is it again Austria?
Austria is the worst at being worst at stuff
Croatia : railroads exist  Me : I haven't seen railroads here for years
Austrians are worst at making Schnitzel. They don't even put sauce on it
I would say Estonia being the least religious country is a good thing... They would be the worst at being stupid and gullible.
4:35 That is not a negative, we wear that with pride and joy!
Kosovo is not a country btw, it is not internationally recognized by 60% of the UN members.
Finland.exe has stopped responding
Europe might have all these problems but it’s still a much better place to live in than in America😂
Why do you point out one of our positives? We are best at drinking beer
Austrians suck at being popular.
I like the retro way in which you refer to countries as female.
Andorra is where french and spanish people buy cigarettes because they are a lot cheaper. I don't think the average Andorran smokes 17 cigarettes a day. This number is just calculated by dividing the number of cigarettes sold by the nimber of inhabitants, which is wrong.
*Greece*  (Where I come from)   *Paying debts*
croatia-lowest volume of rail passengers mumbai local trains and delhi metro - LOSER!!!!!
Most of the graduated people in Italy are migrating to other countries in Europe
I'm amazed that Bulgaria is poorer than Romania (and I visited both last year).
Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia aren't really in Europe
You didn't mark the whole Croatian territory. Southern most part is not marked :/ Otherwise, very good video.
A Bulgarian here and what RLL said is true. Our government has done nothing but make things worse in Bulgaria. Fortunately, anti-government protests have been going on for over 45 days already, wish us luck!
Austrians are bad at creating German leaders.
I thought France would be worse at a lot more 😂😂😂
Love these kinds of videos. Hope you make the rest of the countries, not just in Europe :)
Is Death penalty supposed to be a bad thing ?
austria has the most children who smoke
Switzerland is worst at being poor.
I am from Czech republic,  and right now i am sipping on a beer while watching the video wtf
Who is here before this video goes viral?
bruh moment
Wait Belgium has the worst covid mortallity rate?   I thought it was the US with it being higher than everything existing
I'm from Austria, and we are worst at confronting our Nazi past, or role in WW1
France: Winning wars
let me guess: germany at humor
How is Estonia's least religious statistic something they are the "worst" at?
5:03 lest religious? and that is bad how?
Austria and Slovenia: The worst at being the worst
Well ...so is Asia next or Africa?
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Get a nicotine patch Andorra!
For Italy, you have to take into account that most of students leave the country to study elsewhere and if you actually count the number of Italian graduates and not the number of Italian graduates from Italian universities it is one of the highest in Europe
"finland has the highest depression rate"  "finlands the happiest country"  huh??????
Do africa
The title is what every country in EUROPE is the worst at, not the EU. Why isn't the UK included? We're still part of Europe. We aren't drifting into the Atlantic.
Romania: All.
U should do worst things that the USA is bad at then Canada then Mexico
I bet Romania is gonna be one of the worst. Our government is very corrupt.
Cyprus has slow internet? Ahahahaha never been in "little" cities in Italy
why is least religious a bad thing??
Kosovo is not a country.
Poland is worst at democracy.
i guess Sardinia is french now
Im from Greece, everyone smokes
havent even watched the video yet but i know that germany has the worst internet infrastructure
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
I find twenty-nineteen VERY OFFENSIVE
Kosovo is not country....Kosovo is Serbia
Since when are Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe?
Wait, as Belgian, I didn't know we were the highest Covid-19 mortality rate.
At 5:00 is he saying religion is the "worst*", in the context of Estonia.   That's... dallzy and disrespectful.
1:35 As an Austrian I am happy to hear that =D
The '-name' of 'Suriname' is just pronounced "nam", not "name".
do Asia
belgium is the worst at forming a government
Me when I read part 2 isn’t out yet - 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
poop
A
And The highest IS on new York covid 19 mortality over 4000 deaths per million. When governor send thousands sick patients to nursing homes
Wow❤️
well Poland: Neighbours
Denmark: Is the hardest country to make friends in  Me: Well I consider myself a Denmark
Rhodes is in greece why are you complying with turkey
Austria is the worst at not starting wars
Estonia: Least religious country in the world.  The rest of the first world outside of the USA; **I see this as an absolute win**
I got one Austria is worst at being worst at anything
Was going to say Austria is the worst at keeping the peace in Europe.... but I am British
"Belarus is the only European country to still use the death penalty."  Uhh, that's actually good.  "Also slavery."  Oh.
This is actually quite educational....
If you are from Europe like this comment
8:24 Should have gone with Wowhoaweewah instead of "sheesh".
I like how obvious some mistakes on their nations
Austria is worst at having an empire...
I know what Austria is worst at, the birthplace of Hitler.
Every countries worst: Goverments
u forgot norway
Nooooooooo, im dissapounted.
5:14 WTF??? 😄
Europe: I really gotta fix these problems.. Iceland: Damn brotha this shiz guut
The uk is coalition of countries. England, Scotland, Wales and NI are 4 individual countries with their own governments
Dude. Uncool.
I love videos like these! I remember when you did the state one.
Germany just started ww1 because declaring war on russia, france, and england....It could be only regional war between austria-hungary and serbia
Wait is there any problem with being an atheist? 5:06
Belarus: Democracy
Hmmmmm germany has should "borrow" some land from Poland  For those homeless                                               Lol sorry for this bad joke
Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something
I can't believe that people smoke more in Andorra than in Jordan, although maybe both sexes do so more in Andorra.
So you r telling me Armenia and Georgia and Azerbaijan are in eourup?... Wow u really like fucking geography, so is iraq in eourup too?
7:49 Sardinia is part of Italy.
india is best at worst can't recognise even it's own state makes it and breaks federal structure and then hypocrisy in name of nationalism and loving kosovo what's that pls don't wear a green colour 😂
Sweden - ruthless immigration
You make it sound like not having cultural diversity is a BAD thing
Hey can you make this series on continents of america,africa and asia
Romania.... Vampires🧛‍♂️🧛‍♀️🦇
I don't thing that it's a bad thing for Estonia to be so non religious. Many wars and crisis began with religious conflicts. Less religious countries also tend to make more logical decisions and are usually wealthier
Actually, Belgium's mortality rate is not 962 per million, it's 862 per million
What was the background music in the last 2 videos?
5:00 It's not a wrong.
Some of those countries aren't even European.
Managing a budget, paying for their own national defense, looking after the interests of their own citizens...etc
You missed the most important thing with Belgium, the 6 fucked up governments that can't go together and the title of longest time without government, 541 days and now we're going for another record. Just wait and we break it again. Something to be really proud of...
America's worst at : *not being collateral damage*
I thought Ireland would hold the most alcohol consumption
Are u Happy?  Finnish: Yes. But, actually no.
I can't wait for part 2
So I just watched the first country and damn Albania sucks
Please do africa
1:45 You did not highlight Nakchivan.
441st
Well we are good in finland
7:10 what's so good with smoking weed? Please someone tell me
Why is beer consumption listed as a negative? Leave my Czech friends alone 🖕
With Serbians being triggered, I think this channel is ready now for part 2
by not putting sardinia in italy you actually legitimized the independentist movement, you made our day
Bulgaria is the poorest country in the EU *Sweats in Greek*
How is Armenia in Europe?
8:45 wait,what the...?!
Switzerland and Iceland = terrible at being in a war
I think Albania is underdeveloped. I think Andorra's too small for an airport. I think Azerbaijan is underdeveloped. I think Belarus has middle aged values. I think Bulgaria is underdeveloped. I think Cyprus is underdeveloped. I think Eastern Europe like drinking. I think Georgia is underdeveloped. I think Germany takes in a lot of refugees. I think Greece has money problems. I think Italy has racism problems. Those are the things I got from this video.
Today's fact: In Morse Code -.- means k.
Andorra‘s „smoking problem“ is only because the Spanish and French travel there to buy cheaper cigarettes...
Norway?
You forgot the worst part from Bulgaria: Out politicians  That's why we had protests in Sofia for our prime-minister
"Estonia is the least religious country in the world" Me: h o w  i s  t h a t  a  b a d  t h i n g?
France: we have the largest number of land despute with other countries China: hold my beer 🍺 😂😂
Surprised by the Denmark one. I'm a Brit and spent a couple weeks in Denmark on student exchange and made lots of friends. Everyone was super friendly!
Andorran's smoking problem is apparent inaccurate as the bulk of of cigarettes sold there are bought by French and Spaniards who came to buy cigs in bulk at near zero taxes. Considering Andorran's long average lifespans it's unlikely they have such a drastic problem.
you should've put austria's worst is on paintings
Where’s 🇹🇷
Austria:  Austrian politicians caused WWI. Germany gets blamed for. Austrian citizen caused WW2. Germany gets guilt.
Austria literally caused the both world wars  No 1 : Invading Serbia ( 1st world war )  No 2 : By expelling Adolf Hitler from Vienna Academy of Arts
I find twenty-fifty VERY OFFENSIVE
Sardinia Is part of Italy though
Getting away with starting world wars and hitler
Man, the comment section will be a huge shitstorm, you can bet that.
I know at what Austria is the worst at: Talking German. Seriously.
I really don't see why us being the best at beer drinking would be a bad thing. Suck it Krauts!
Some of these countries aren’t even Europe lmao 😂 new
Austria is the worst at forgetting about Austria-Hungary
Cyprus Has Slowest internet Speed  Southeast Asia(except Singapore): *Pathetic*
Greece is the least generous or charitable nation ? Even more than the Scandinavian ones ? Even from Germany ?  How do we measure that ?
0:20 well, austria is the worst at not startin world wars and slovenia...   We are just too good, thats also why we are years before everyone on the balkan
I don´t get why least religios is a "worst thing"
The way he says "sheesh"
Since when is Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia and Kazakhstan part of Europe?
When youre from Czech Republic, but the video says Czechia
Glad that my country is not appart of this list   Title says: Part 1  oh
a lot of this is not even close to beeing europe
Belarus has slaves what?
Random fact: Bulgaria almost 3 months of protests against the corrupt government. Asking for PM and all of his party removal  and he just said "Nah, i wont quit i dont care"
I really don't know why having less Religious nuts would be a bad thing.
Austria is the worst in having its own language
Georgia is not in Europe.
Video ends at 9:15 guys.
The Belgium one requires more nuance.  We, unlike most other countries, include suspected but unconfirmed covid deaths in the official statistics for covid deaths.  Additionally we have a very high population density.  The Czech Republic for example has a comparable number of people living in it but is 2.5 times the size.
"France has the highest number of active land disputes with other countries." (cough cough) *Alsace-Lorraine*
I wouldnt say beer consumtion and low religious rate would be considered negative.  Looking forward to Part 2!
Is it accurate to classify countries like Armenia and Azerbaijan as European ?
Hey, Austrian here, according to the "Right to Information Ranking" by "Access to Info Europe" and the Canadian "Centre for Law and Democracy" Austria is the least transparent nation of the 89 countries they researched.
Azerbaijan is not Europe x3
Share your skills with Skill Share Square your Space with Square Space?
Azerbaijan is in Europe?...does a quick google search...grumble grumble you may proceed
Kazakhstan number 1 potassium exporter
Poland worst at surviving
Belarus is still a dictatorship
You can't even show Kazakhstan on your own thumbnail, you know in your heart it's not part of Europe!
Austria is the worst at being the worst
Why does fried potatoes get its name from France?
Austria: Silly mustache man
Hitler was from Austria I don't think that's a strength
Austrians and Slovenians are the worst at having something there the worst at. wait.
Austria is the worst at making holiday in ibiza
France has terrible schools
Seriously, I just want to clarify Belgium's high corona death rate: we're just very transparent. From the start, every death that COULD be related to corona is counted as a corona death even when it's not proven. Pretty much every other country only counted the deaths in hospitals in the beginning, we counted ALL deaths. For quite some time, 2/3rds of the deaths were from nursery homes, which a lot of other countries didn't even count! I mean, counting that way every country has a low death rate lmao.
How is being the least religious a bad thing btw? Atheist gang.
Austrians: My dukes.
Finland: Has the highest rate of depression in Europe. Also Finland: Is the happiest country. Me: Wait, that’s illegal!
Yoyoo
Austria: Taking responsibility for the wars they get started.
Iceland is bad at keeping ice. Greenland is bad at being green.
Bulgaria is also the most corrupt country in the EU and 6th in Europe.
dRumpf can do better than ALL of these worsts.  USA #1?
Europe also did terrible with covid 19 while Africa did amazing, the active cases there has been going down.
france: worst country in the world that everyone hates
5:00 Doesnt thats a plus for Estonia?
For Estonia you named two things they were best at
4:04 to be faaaaiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
4:32 Wait, aren't we in that case the best in consumption of beer?
Austria: Worst at being the worst at something...
Austria is the worst at not being completely anslussed by it's neighbour.
Now i know that there s no hell. Earth is hell.
How is being number 1 at beer consumption bad thing?
Azerbaijan isn't in Europe neither is Armenia....
Is death penalty a bad thing?
6:27 rip the woo
10k views in just 10 mins ,great
The definition of worst gets twisted multiple times in this video
5:24 how ?
Mm
Slovenia is the 'worst at' (i.e. has done the least) deforestation in the European Union; however, it might be beaten by Norway, Belarus or even the European part of Russia.
How tf Estonia being the least religious country in world is a good or bad thing??
7:40 hah, more like Direland since they are in a dire situation.
You forgot to light up all of Azerbaijan
Spain's should be dealing with pandemics
Where is Luxembourg??
In Austria we got a lot of old people
But not all of this is ”bad”. The weather is bad? Thats the weather not the country.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is worst in having a coastline despite its huge size 🤣
Kosovo: *not recognised as a state* Serbia: I see you are a man of culture as well...
05:00 Why is that bad?😠 I admire Estonia just because of this fact!
I guess someone in real life lore isn’t a fan of Europe but who cares.
What happened to sweden?
Do a similar video about asian countries.
Italy is “least diverse” and that’s supposed to be a bad thing?
Austrians the worst at producing genocidal dictators
Austria caused WW1 and brought us  Adolf who caused WW2 haha
Well Belarus got super roasted in this video.
Random Fact: Spain conquered almost half the world, but all the countries became third-world countries.   Side Note: don’t ever trust edited comments.
I bet Lithuania will have high suicide rate in part 2 .
dude you make such good videos, you inspired me to make a youtube channel! keep up the good work!
What if there is a channel called FakeLifeLore, his biggest enemy.
5:00 I wouldn’t say thats a bad thing
2:00 it has worst freedom of the press? I thought Russia or Turkey did.
Uhm excuse u ? How is Czechia bad ??
Belarus: exists RealLifeLore: its free real estate
Armenia and Cyprus are 100% asian
Why is nobody talking about how RLL's notifications are turned off? When you try to click it, it says, "This action is turned off for content made for kids" It sucks!
I'm from Eastern Europe. I love to hear bad things about my country. We all do. That's pretty much our favourite topic
*laughs in superior healthcare system than US*
austria gang sad
Autrias ist one of the countries where teenagers begin to smoke at a very young age and they smoke a lot talking about cigarettes of course
They colonize and enslave almost the Entirety of world
Thank you, I will now use this for my extreme ultra nationalism
Spain is the worst for making u fall in love with tapas!
Austra and slivania  used skill share
Austria is the worst at (i.e. most prone to) imprisoning young women in cellars for many years.
How to PISS OFF 746.5 million people continent in JUST 2 SHORT VIDEOS.
Azerbaijan is not in Europe.... its in Asia
Hey I live in Belgium.
Ok
10 minutes of countries being roasted!
estonias beign the least religious country is a big win imo
Estonia: Least religious country... I wouldn't consider it Worst but Best!
For the worst dental care? _It's the UK_
Why is 'least religious' bad?
🇸🇮 we are the worst at building quality roads
Pretty sure Austria has the worst record for starting world wars 🤣🤔
Sweden is good at meatballs  And i think everyone agrees  Lol
Yes
Albania is the worst in its history.  Happy CocaCola noise
France is worst at not surrendering
"Albania has never had a McDonalds" Save that for the "What every European country is best at" video!
Kosovo is not even a country
from when is armenia,georgia or azerbaijan part of europe?
"Belarus is the most authoritarian country in Europe"  The Vatican: "Hold my pope"
KOSOVO IS NOT A COUNTRY! KOSOVO IS THE PART OF SERBIA.
lol
It's pretty annoying to have an American narrating this. You should have found a European to.
Just gonna say, you missed highlighting the western exclave of Azerbaijan.
I'd imagine Austria is the worst when it comes to trips to Sarajevo
Austria is the worst at winning world wars
Austria is the worst at wining World War I
Austria is the worst at world wars
Don't bother doing a video about America because we're not bad at anything.     Kidding, kidding...
Iceland: Highest consumption of cannabis in Europe  Me: Well that's a good thing actually
America: Worst at being healthy UK: Worst at having good food
USA: Handling a pandemic
So Andorrians have to go to either Spain or France just to get into airport
Poland: hold my vodka
Estonia's flaws aren't even flaws wtf
Austria is the worst at a coping foods
I live in Belarus and I expected to see its alcohol problems in the top 3
🚭
Austrai is the worst place to not check other languages to see if a town name's meaning is,you know,because they literally have a town called Fucking No joke
Nothing is worst about Austria  Me an intellectual: *Hitler*
Yeah, I wonder if maybe the smoking statistics for Andorra a distorted for some reason. Can't quite think what that would be though...🤔       (Answer: It's because taxes are low and everyone goes there from France and Spain to buy tobacco)
Croatia: *Has worst railroads*  Last time I saw a train going at my place was when I was a kid
Poland is the worst at staying on the map...
4:09 me sitting over here with my 1 mbps in the US 😭
I would argue that Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan are in ASIA not Europe
Armenia is not in Europe...
POV: you are here for your country.
Republican - We found smoking gun against Hillary     Hillary - I am going to Andorra
Thx
Austria is the worst at saying no to germany
could You do Asia next
Hey early squad!  Hope ur day goes well and u and ur family stay safe ,i give u a huge virtual hug😊  Please my goal is to reach 1000 subs please go show some love😊🙏
The  Belgian statistic is misleading. They count EVERY death of a coronapatient towards Corona, while that is not necessarily the case. If I have COVID and I suffer a heartattack, I will still be counted as a death because of COVID.
5:15 laughes in suicide in Lithuania
As an Austrian: We are the worst when it comes to voting for an honest politician!
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
Austria is worst at pruducing German dictators.
Austria is the worst at saying no to people coming for jobs
me: lives in Europe me: *clicks knowing i'll regret it*
Turkey isn't Europe
Austria is worst at accepting people into art school...
Armenia isn’t in Europe. It’s very CLOSE to Europe, but it’s still in Asia. And I am Armenian, it’s still mainly an Asian country. Azerbaijan and Georgia are more likely to be considered in Europe than anywhere in Armenia.
Austrians are the worst at creating pseudoscience aka Freud
Austria is bad at having something bad
how is Kazakhstan in Europe?
Bosnia and Hercegovina has the worst government. Also, Kosovo isn’t an independent country. It’s still a part of Serbia.
austria, you say?   worst at giving germany political leaders
Roasting European countries for 10 minutes and 5 seconds
France: *Fighting for more than 5 minutes without giving up*
Just commenting here to let u know this is my fastest ever I've clicked on a video within 3 mins after upload!
If you're reading this, hope you have a great day! We love you ♥️
Me (from Slovenia): "Oh this is gonna be great, cant wait to see what we're extremely bad at" Me 20 seconds into the video: "Ah dammit"
Estonias religion thing is not bad I can that its good
Austria is the worst at not having something that they’re the worst at
Please do more videos like this. I want my country to be featured more in YouTube 🇦🇱
Playing my game and clicking on the top of my screen on a button   Notification: dude look at mee ?!!
Germany: *Winning world wars*
When you live in Europe. All right listen here you little sh*t
BuT eUrOpE iS BeSt CoNtInEnT
Helping the algorithm
Austria is bad because they had hitler
Last time I was this early,                Haha, get distracted lol
Austria and Slovenia are bad at not having anything bad 😂
austrians and slovenia’s are the worse at having something there the worse at
Uk: *Trying not to achieve global dominance*
press f for albania holy crap      no mcdonalds??? like damn
Me (from Austria) wondering what Austria will be - RealLifeLore:
Austria has the most Adolf Hitlers born per capita
Is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Germany: winning world wars
austria is worst at being sober
We,Texans are worst at nothin
87th commenter and 375th liker
Fun fact: There is no prize for being first
My parents my age: already have a child  Me which europion country is worst at
UK gotta be dental care
Austria is the worst at not starting world wars
a
I don’t know who told you that Azerbaijan is in Europe 😂
*Ah yes I see everybody is avoiding America at all cost in late 2020*
Random fact:  German chocolate cake is named after a guy named Sam German, not the country.
belgium is gonna be gov related I can feel it   edit: oh word ok yea that too
Worst thing Austria has done: Caused World War 1 and indirectly caused World War 2
I get the UK is no longer in the EU, but isn't it still part of the continent of europe? Correct me if i'm wrong.
Where is Russia? Why you didn’t mark it in video preview ?
*I guess we aren’t done making Europe feel terrible.* Also, Austria has a lack of friendliness and trouble finding friends, and weird closing times for shops, and Slovenia has many neighborly feuds and disputes. These probably aren’t the worst of the worst for these two countries, but they are still pretty bad.
Really,Russia is not europe?
Austria is the worst at keeping an empire
austria: worst country at breading politcal leaders in the last 100 years
Denmark: *Existing*
German gang
I
Lol Austria... Mmmmmmhmmm
France: Defending itself.
UK worst at brushing their teeth
Dammit was looking forward to see what you would come up for the US😓
Pov: you are reading this comment
ᅚ ᅚᅚᅚ ᅚᅚᅚ
Well, every country has a category that worst at
Hi
austria and slovenia stay winning 😚
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things."  From a Youtuber 😀✌.
Learn to start making good animations 🙂
France: Fighting without surrendering
I was watching a RLL vid when this dropped
I am surprised you included Kazakhstan. Only a tiny part of it is European, and many people don't know.
E
RLL PIN THIS
Me in the US: *spectator mode*
45
Many of the worst dictators in Europe (Stalin, Hitler and some others) used to live in Austria so there's that.
well i have never been this early and what an interesting topic!
Weeeeew
Greetings from Bosnia and Herzegovina 🇧🇦... 😆
Cheers Joseph, can I get pinned? :3
Bruh why is everything about Europe?!
shwabungus
Early squad
UK:  Controlling pandemics
Hi
ist comment subscribe to my channel
Sup
Dkdjdidd
30th
yays
Austria technically started both world wars
First
Can this be a series like for each continent
I bet that Poland will be the winner in the next part 😂
I'm a simple man, i see a new video uploaded by RealLifeRoal, i click.
Third to comment! I never came this early for watching a vid :)
Mission : get first Misson failed. we try again next time.
Nearly first
5th lol
4 views
last
france: only surrender
Ah yes avoiding America
So many people that werent first
Last time I was this early, you had never heard this joke
Austria is worst at producing artists
Yes
first
SECOND
First
1
First
yo
first
ok
