Mine just Melted, today Sadge
It’s just crazy of NVIDIA to put out something with that obvious an issue, when simply relocating the plug to a better placement not making it necessary to bend the wire
So this video aged well. Seeing as 12v 2x6 cables are melting too now lol.
To small connector for 600 watts. Some DEI person designed connector.
Para evitar esto del derretimiento en el cable PCI Express, ASRock ha creado la fuente de poder modelo PG-850G, este tiene un sensor que se enchufa por medio de un conector y evita que suceda este error.
I have mentioned that in another post where i truly thought it was the adaptor itself as an MSI SUPRIM connector also melted but with their yellow tipped adaptor and this video has basically proved it.  That the adaptor is the culprit and NVIDIA needs to either dish out a statement to GPU partners to put a thing on the boxes stating to use a direct 12vPWR to PSU cable where as Jay has said in the video referring to corsair’s cable where each pin in the connector is going to a dedicated pin in the 8 Pin psu cable.
so what dont use the gpu cable that came with tihe gpu and just use 12+4 cable to 12+4 cable from psu inut and plug it directly in gpu and psu ?
So we're cool with NZXT again?
It's probably arcing inside the connector housing.  The housing is holding the broken pieces together close, but not all the way.  The damage and melting comes from the electric arc... not just a simple disconnection.
You didn't really think this trough properly. There would be no reason for the outside pins to burn if the connection is broken. It just means power would go trough  pins in the middle and not power would go through outside. And if there would be imperfect contact on the foil that generates heat it will not burn the tip of the pin but would melt the solder area. LE: lool this is the old issue not the 50 series one. Video is published 2 years ago, not 2 days ago like i thought. He was wrong anyhow
Using Seasonic 12VHPWR Cable with a 5090 Astral LC, tried furmark (always 600w at least) for a hour and the cable is not even warm to the touch..
What if i told you that you get to worry about it now too?
Who’s here in 2025 thinking this video was about the 5090s?
I wonder if that solder job is done by hand. Maybe its a quality control issue at one of the plants.
Just buy an AMD card. Problem solved
Aluminium and high power never worked, that's why they use copper for electricity !!!!
Is this another one of these RoHS shenanigans because we‘re avoiding lead in solder like the plague?
NVIDIA is a Boeing of graphic cards, GeForce RX 4090 graphic cards likened Boeing 737MAX jets.
Yes, the cold/disturbed solder joints are outright defective and create a poor connection, however, the lack of wire strain relief exacerbates the situation.  Splicing wires together to a single land/contact is pretty common, but doing it completely unsupported is a very bold decision by the manufacturer.
Do you really think NVIDIA doesn't know?... it's planned obsolescence at its finest.
late to the party, but this explanation doesn't make any sense  the end connectors are the ones burning ? that implies they are the ones taking excessive current, which means the inner connectors are breaking contact  its more likely the inner contacts break because they are getting hotter in usage than the outer connectors...heat from itself and its two neighbours vs heat from itself and a single neighbour  remember 100 degree C is above melting point of low melt solder...its poor quality soldering + low melt solder + poor design causing this...not flexing of the cable
Most helpful video i watched lately
3:29 "He didn't even notice it until he pulled it out and that's where the danger comes in" :P
Hello, would it work to plug Nvidia reduction 3 to 1 reversibly - cable into respective port (12V-2x6) into PSU, connect 3 PCIe cables and plug them into e.g. AMD Radeon 7900 XTX?
Power cable extension cables and GPU extension cable require high reliability and safety measures. When buying power extension cables for a power supply, it’s important to prioritize high-quality cables with proper certifications like UL, CE, and RoHS. Make sure the cables are properly rated for the power demands of your system, offer secure connectors, and come from reputable brands or manufacturers to ensure safe and reliable operation.
Leaving this up at this point without correction is one of three things. Greed, Ego, Or INSANE carelessness.
Wiggle to side to side can also cause the over voltage of individual wires because the other may have less contact the plug fits way to lose
The heat is when a side cracks all the way across where it loses complete connection.  But when close enough to barely touch it creates an arch.  Causing  extreme heat.  To recreate this break a side off completely.  While card is running have it lightly touching again.   You will see instant heat. DO NOT cut the wire or recreation will fail.
maybe it's not so much that its lost completely but that it keeps making momentary contact
Why they made a new connector ?! i'm still puzzled by this obsolescence
So what needs to be done is the sense wires should be replaced with an internal resistance measurement unit and that would require a sense wire from psu end of the top end inside the gpu and that foil needs to be replaced solid metal end caps soldered on to the wire and metal clamp like a mini car battery terminals instead of foil. Wtf was nvida thinking.
I think it's the actual pins. Either coming off the 4090  or the ones those slide into. If the female side of the terminal is spread apart or the pins  are to small that would cause the contact points to lose connection from vibration or harmonics inside the machine.  The vibration could also cause it to rapidly make and break that connection.  That in turn would cause heat at that point. That's why the wire insulation might show signs of heat but the actual plug starts melting first
Is 4070 ti super melting too?
It's basically using a bus bar which are not meant to be flexible and should be fixed in place. If I can ever afford to buy a 4090 I would try to get one with the connector at the end of the card and not flex the cable too much.
# 1760
bus bar
the fact that a GPU needs 400W is the problem
The argument is not " the spec" of the cable, its the accuracy of that spec. Back in the good old days when wisdom existed, engineers exceed requirement by 20% just to be safe. Today engineers do EXACTLY the spec. You  go 1% over that, BOOM !!!!! and they are not liable because its all "within the spec".   In corrupt countries, this is known as legal corruption.
maybe its the plastics used, one may melt at lower temp
nice one
Is there an option for a cable with a built in 90 degree adapter that is a 12vhpwr cable with 12 wires( one plug on both ends)?
Just another reminder that saying 'I digress' in every video doesn't make you seem smarter or more cool. I would say it has the opposite effect, but i DiGrEsS
GG for Igor^^
So i got lucky for staying in pcie 4.  Flexible cable would fix this issue then ? And it matters how you handle the cable too "do not use as a whip".  In the future i try to choose better caables, Asus TUF has the idea, avoid the thick plastici ones, or bend them carefully into their route.
The suspect connectors should all be replaced with crimped Molex type connectors.  IMO, high power connectors are never soldered, they are crimped.  Battery connectors on vehicles, structure/building connectors are crimped.
What’s the product code for that Corsair premium replacement cable?
Then how come the cablemod adaptor is melting???
upgrade the psus to pcie gen5. they have dedicated 12vhpwr. dont use an adapter.
OK, understand your saying the broken wires are overloading the good wires and they get hot.  Bit of my 'twocents" it is melting on the sides/ends.  If the broken wires are still close enough to each other to ARC you could get a big jump in heat, and exactly where they are melting.  And if people don't think it will melt, they use arcing to weld metal.  Also most of the US is now requiring 'arc fault" circuit in addition to ground fault in all new homes.  ARC is serious, and it is possible in this case if the wire 'broke. Sorry just noticed it is a year old but it is a bit to keep in mind.
These adapters are complete garbage.  It makes no sense to me.  Given that without a problem the power supply can be in the back of the video card and there is enough space there even if they want they can put 24 pin sockets.  Cables especially for power supply should be thicker.  Under constant load, thin cables heat up much more.  Why do they create this kind of transients in the first place?  If separate inputs are placed in the back of the video card and the cables are thicker, it will not be bulky, but a much better and stable power supply will be obtained.
Hi Jay. my 4090's connector burnt with ... corsair replacement cable. Sorry to let you know even this one is NOT SAFE.... I'll be happy to send you pictures...
~If only NVIDIA had sticked to 10,20, 30 series connection design~
Igor knows shit and Jay is guessing based on other people's opinions very professional indeed.
Just got a 4080 with a NZXT 1200 that has a proprietary 12 to 12 cable.  I really hope that's going to be OK 😊
Hoping in 2024 that my brand new 4090 has an updated adapter -.-
ya know if we had 16 wires again this wouldn't be an issue. This problem is solved by going back to the old-standard.
my suggestion is that, as the joint breaks its maintaining a loose connection on the wire, keeping the power along that line but with the loose connection your getting the increased resistance and therefor heat along that pin. maybe try keeping  all wires attached but but increasing the resistance along the outside lines
Radeon Powercolor 7900xtx liquid devil water blocked from Powercolor  3x 8 pin power connectors hitting 470 watts. running within hotspot max temp. Excellent  gpu.  Was going to buy  a 4090 changed my  mind because of crap power connector.  Couldn't buy a water  blocked 4090 unless i do it myself.  No regrets
what if that wire was to keep losing and gaining contact with the bridge, like a loose fuse bus. i had a loose fuse bus in my furnace and the loose connection made everything overheat and melted the fuse bus. granted thats with a shit ton more electricity but maybe the concept is the same? loose connections do produce more heat.
why your amazon links never work?
i bought a better cable than the stock, NVIDIA should really include better cables..
So, northridge fix has right. ¡Boooya!...
Simple. Don't Buy!
Those are 12 pins for power, right? The "old" way was also using 12 pins for power (sometimes plus extra 2 or 4 pins ground). Why this connector is "better" ? I fail to see.
USER ERROR IT IS NOT IN MY CASE....My Asus Strix 4090 OC just burnt out its cable pins. Cable was and is stuck/melted in the card. This sux especially when you pay $3800 AU. I will give up on PC building and PC gaming altogether if I don't get RMA.
Makes sense... the logo placement + case cut outs + people with ocds like me then to prefer the cable out of the way...  Yeh the power placement of the 40 series is just bad
Has anyone had problems with the CableMods version of the 4080 power cable?
So coiling the wire for packaging and shipping could cause the problem too?
OMFG!!! It's not that fing difficult! The connector simply IS NOT BIG ENOUGH!!! There isn't enough metal to transfer the power, the connector is acting like a resistor. It's not that fing hard to figure it out! Jesus....
I don't understand why Nvidia didn't stick with 2x8-pin connectors like the RTX 30xx series. Why was it necessary to condense everything into a one 12-pin connector?
is this problem only on rtx 4090 or other models have it as well? am i safe to use the cable provided in my 4070 ti box?
This does not explain why the cablemod adaptors also melted.
is this issue fixed ?
I bough a Rog 4090 last week and I'm using that exact type of cable (type 4 corsair) with my HX1500i. Having heard about melting connectors I preferred to minimize the risks and not use the 4-1 adapter that came with the card.
Anyway where the hell was UL on this ?
Pic at 3:19 is not comforting. Ordered an Asus TUF 4090 a few days ago. Much research to do. My case is a horizontal motherboard mount. Thinking that I only need the Cablemod 90 adaptor, or should get the Cablemod 12VHPWR also? Case is Thermaltake Core X9,  PSU is EVGA Supernova P2 1200W (ATX 2.0).
Well, almost june 2023 and 4090s with 90 and 180 degrees adapters still melting
Just watched your video on the nvidia CHINA SYNDROME problem.  It gave me more accurate info than any other source thus far.  Common sense concerning cable management will go a long long way.  Thank God I am a poor man and will probably never own one of these high power cards, whether it be nvidia or amd.  Thank you
The error is that you are testing without completely reassembling the connector. As the welds are exposed directly to the environment, even if there are 1 or 2 cuts, the heat dissipates and the temperature does not rise so that the connector melts.
So, it has been confirmed that NVidia was blowing smoke all along about plugs not being inserted properly. A couple grand spent on connectors put together with juicy fruit wrappers.
What is Sarder? does he mean Solder.
He has not found the proplem because it still melts with the 90 degree mod plugged in all the way
Ta ta ta taday junior... 50 minutes of nonsense for a 3 minute video
Just bought a 4070ti, does anyone know if it's okay to connect a daisy chained 6+2 cable? Or should I just get a whole new PSU? With a 12Pin outlet?
A cheap solution for high current. Temperature rise here exceeds 40 C above ambient. This is not acceptable.
So, realistically if you actually have a native atx 3.0 cable, where each wire is a direct wire to each pin, this issue doesn't exist. Its purely due to how this adapter was designed.
I saw this corsair plug on their website, but I'm unsure if it will work with my HX1000i. Can you confirm that it works please? thanks!
shit i set mine up to side bend because i figured it would be less stress on the pins. I don't have the adapter though, my psu came with a 12vhpr connector specifically made for the 4090. think ill be ok?
This melting happened to me with an RTX4090. It melted the adapter plug and the plug on the video card. Less than one hour of use. Three pins are melted. I have a 1200w Antec power supply.  Cable was not bent much at all as I had watched this video before installing the video card. Card was purchased new from Brick and mortar retail.
So which exactly cable ? Links not works, left only cable brand name :))
I'm very interested in checking out the Corsair cable you mentioned in the video, but your "links below" only leads to the Amazon main pages. Can you point me to the correct page please? Thanks! 👍Also, I haven't even managed to connect my new 4080 as it's too big for my LIAN LI PC-011 case without pinching the crap out of the wires when I put the side glass back on. Anyone have any opinions on the Cablemod brand 12HPWR Angled Adapter that they're working on?
Corsair Cable 12VHPWR cable works with 4070 ti SuprimX?
All these people in the comments talking about arcing with 12V...SMH.  There's a reason things that actually make use of electrical arcs are always very high voltage, even for short arcs. You aren't arcing _shit_ with 12V. The only thing that *could* be happening is intermittent/poor electrical contact, which would very greatly reduce (or eliminate) the amount of current traveling that path and cause the current load to shift to the rest of the available conductor, while increasing the overall resistance of the connector/adapter/cable system delivering power to the GPU.   Higher resistance in the adapter equals higher power dissipation in the adapter. There are no arcs involved. Just higher system resistance.
do i need to hold back and not buy 4080/4090 ?
the point is... these connectors are screwed up/wrong and poorly designed from the start.... they are failure prone and that in of itself is a red flag.... even if half of 1% of ppl have a problem.... that is a too high failure rate for a high power plug with 500+ watts of power  imagine if ANYTHING you plugged into your wall in your house had a 1% failure rate where it would catch on fire......we would have millions of burnt down houses and trillions of dollars in lawsuits  my own opinion is that these connectors are too small..... they wanted to make a new design that's more modern or some bullshit, but they just screwed them up instead..... there is in fact absolutely nothing wrong with the current standard aside from its plug size....of which these new connectors are attempting to solve.....but this is a standard that has been trusted for many years and has absolutely no problems....  these companies are trying to fix something that doesn't need fixed or trying to solve a problem when no such problem exists outside of these companies imaginations   if it aint broke dont fix it
It's the plug not being inserted properly.  I'd take a soldered bussed connection over a tiny pin crimped to the wire all day everyday.  If it heats up enough and theres any flux residue on there.. it will reflow the solder.. so you can't go by that.
Nobody should use these adapters anyway. Theres real cables from psu manufacturers to replace this hack cable.
So what I'm hearing is that now companies can call it user error and now have an excuse to not replace anything because of bad design
Im confused why tf these gpu card mfg dont send a simple fixed molded plug that curves around your gpu and then once the tough angles are safely squared around, you can plug in your cables from under the card im a safe clean straight angle….
where can i but that replacement cable?
Jay's Amazon link is not working can somebody link the actual 4090 replacement cable for corsair that is being recommended.  TIA
How hard was it just to use xt90 connector jesus....
What an absolute dumpster fire of a design.
is it safe yo use a corsair 12vhpwr cable with 2*8pin psu cable for a 4080? I have a cooler master 850w modular psu.
So basically just get a new cable from Corsair or cablemod and be worry free
Is there a link to a SAFE 16 pin gpu connector?
one thing i found funny with this whole story is people claimed its not that big of a deal, yet if it wasnt i wouldnt have known about it cause it wouldnt have hit media
This headache can be yours for just $1600...
this plug just alround seems way too weak, running up to 600w through this metal piece should ring alarm bells in any engineers head
"i work for Microfit" LMAO!
the melting plug thing was kind of over blown
i cant believe they used the bus-bar connection on this output SMH
i have an solution. use metal adapter.  When u plug all 4 cables that can be an plastic but thats part u need to plug to graphics card u need make it metal and too in graphics card
i bought 25 4090 and i lost 3 so far due to that cable fiasco
"Despite all our efforts we cannot replicate the issue of these cables catching on fire or overheating, even when deliberately damaging the cable"  "So in result, the cables are bad anyway because we said so"
Just have 2 3 power blocks 4 into 1 looks like a huge bottle neck restriction
So why they change old vga cable? To a nontested one..........
Great job!
When an electrical connection is broken the heat is created by the current trying to jump the gap causing arcing which is what creates the heat
what about the actual cables if this is just for the adapter then why do the cables melt as well
I wonder how different this new cable is compared to the one used in the 3090ti. Cuz the 3090ti uses the same power connector by the looks of it.
So, since Nvidia has two companies makin the wires. One of them is at fault here for doing this crappy bus bar thing.
This issue will go away after we find that the problem is caused by owners not fully seating the connector into the card. That 12-pin connector does require more force to insert it into the card. Keep pushing until you hear the connector CLICK. Not bending ANY connector wires is always preferred.
Another fail for J
You should change the title or just delete the video because Igor did not figure anything out. This video is highly misleading after the proper testing done my GamersNexus.
They need to have more connectors
IGOR DID NOT... lol,
"and they're all saying that they are the ones that know". Including Jay and Igor.
Do better.
This video didn't age well.
This aged like milk
No he didn't and GN just proof him wrong. In fact Igor has had not a single cable failure in his possession and could not come up with any Facts Only Theory just like you Jay. You guys need to stop producing content only in search of clicks without any consistent results or Facts. Gamers Nexus did a excellent video explaining why and they have managed to recreate the failure and absolutely no cable is imune to that failure. These cables are a weak link on this card and they are problematic.  Be professional instead of opportunistic.
This guy starts talking about pulling and pushing and confuses himself...
And this is why you don't use solder for mechanical joints.  This should have been done with crimping, probably much further away from the plug so that the plug can be made as small as possible.  I also think you're having a hard time recreating it because the problem isn't a fully disconnected solder joint, it's a _partially_ disconnected solder joint.  A broken joint can just mean open circuit, but it can also mean high resistance closed circuit, and that's going to make a whole lot more heat.
Why do ppl have to do these weird ass filters on pictures that really need to be 100% accurate to show whats happening? That picture of the failure looks like it was drawn with pastel markers
When is the apology video coming?
wonder if it would have been better for them to attach the wires to a small pcb and the pins to the other side of said pcb on a 90* so that a its easyer for cable runs and less stress on the plug and b just all in all nicer to work with
Last time I’m watching this channel
You were wrong click bate video
Jay three weeks ago: Igors lab found the issue, everyone else jumping out of the woodwork to say what they think the issue is are idiots,   GN now: no he didn't, he couldn't replicate it, this is the actual issue, this is us replicating it, this is the fix  This is what happens when you rush news out like Igor is known to do.
I love being right. I didn't even get a single like for my comment either. People watch channels and suck up all the bullshit info and ignore the professionals in the comments.
we are going to need fuse for graphic card.  xD
Joint cracks... Again... RoHS is a part of the problem. Also, GreedVidia can eat my shorts.
Seems unnecessary to use such a small plug to begin with. A bigger plug for such a powerful card would allow the solders to be beefier and withstand normal bending from cable management.
Jayz again talking from his ass about stuff he knows nothing about, just because Igor said something stupid he doesn't know anything about, lol
Nvidia should fire those engineers, it’s such an easy fault to pinpoint in QC
HP screwed me over on my laptop with the nVidia bga solder fiasco.  My laptop was not part of the recall so they charged me $400 to fix their production error.  The first time I ran a game that used one of the newer shader features my screen turned bright pink and then went black.  I'm going to give half the blame to nVidia for not forcing HP to pull their head out of their nethers.  But I'll never give HP another $ again.  Not even their extortion priced ink.
your explanation doesnt make any sense. you say that the melting happening on the outside pins is because side to side bending would break the solder joints on those pins so all the power would be going through the central pins.  But that would cause the heat to buildup  on the central pins.... not the outside pins.
False information
Nvidia needs to have three 8 pin connectors for that card.  What they are doing is stupid.
Has anyone reported this to Underwriter Laboratories (UL) to have the product de-listed? That should get someones attention.
Disregard this video and all others with the exception of Gamers Nexus. Should honestly remove this video as it is all speculation and untrue.
Please delete this video... I think you already saw GN's video
I love you Jay but this is clickbait and embarrassing at that.
Igor's lab didn't figure out shit, why is it the title of the video?
Igor's lab didn't figure out shit, why is it the title of the video?
Hey, this was already completely disproven.
Lmao this aged even worse than  I thought it would
Thanks to the wonderful work on GN, it appears that all of these theories (including Igor's Lab) are unfounded and not the issue at all.
I wonder if one of the reasons you could not replicate the heat needed to cause the plastic to melt had a small amount to do with the connectors no longer being coated in an insulating material.  I had a phone that would overheat if it was used too long, but I found that if I popped the battery cover off that it remained much cooler.  I obviously should not have been using a lion phone that was overheating, but it does show the logic behind the lack of insulation potentially ameliorating a small amount of the heat gain.
Probably the only time in my life I was okay with being too poor for an NVidia card lol
Remember when Igor's lab "figured out" that the capacitors were the cause of failing 3090s? This is a joke of a channel
Why would you say its a soldering problem? It's clearly the pad breaking off the pin. (maybe you just misspoke). There should be thicker metal where the pad connects to the pin, or, you know, a simple old school design with dedicated wires like you say.
I have a 1080p 27 inch 165hz msi monitor it's beautiful but I want everything to run at the full fps so I'm exploring GPUs and I'm not loving the new series of Nvidia GPUs at all
what is your microphone?
If this is such delicate machinery and no one makes it more sturdy - its a red flag to a manufacturer. F**k that shit.
Class action lawsuit. Criminal if someone dies to a fire in a home.
If you need another reason to go red...
What's that shirt's brand?  I swear I've seen that logo before.
Its harness engineering 101... NEVER EVER terminate wires with solder that are subject to motion.  Crimped connections are the only reliable termination for harness wires.  And if for some reason solder is the only termination that works you better have a robust strain relief that completely isolations the solder joint from mechanical forces.
i think main reason is that broken connection is not broken all the time, it has contact during vibrations or something and starts to act as arc welder creating more heat
Busbar is probably the word you're looking for for the "foil solder piece"
Recall or class action lawsuit
There's something in the language of the rich...
Я не знаю что он говорит (лень переводить), но я знаю что нельзя использовать пайку на переходниках и в местах где могут быть изгибы проводника, в таких местах положено использовать обжимное соединение.
Traditional smart phone charger has voltage of 5v, while fast chargers have 9-20v.  Respectively 4090 has power over 400W，  and 12V of power supply is apparantly too low.  No only the adapter cable has weak points, but other weak points will rise up on the GPU board.  24V or 48V of power supply shall be the cure.
Just BS. It doesn't belong to the real of possibilities.  As found out immediately after.
It's not breaking, it's arcing... Why YouTubers are so often talking about things they don't know a bit about...
This doesn't really add up. If the solder joint had failed then the temperature increase should be directly at that point, not at the pins. It should have melted the molded rubber. I think what happened is that the pin was also pulled from the connector causing bad contact/high resistance point between male and female pins.
The more I see videos like this, the more I think I built my new computer at a good time. It was around April/May of this year..
Spoiler: Igor didn't find the issue.
that wiring job inside the connector resembles that of heatbeds on cheap chinese 3d printers, that also starts fires. kinda frightening that nvidia of all companies pulls this stunt
Sweet bus bar heat sink 😜
Counterintuitively you wouldn't expect to see burning where the wires are disconnected, because a higher resistance leads to lower current, and you'd expect the melting to occur on the plate instead of the pins (since it is where the majority of current density is located). This seems more like a physical pin connection issue, where the pins that don't burn up are in fact the ones not making a full connection.
So they spent extra money on construction and added extra steps to construction to introduce more failure points.  Typical engineers.
Rather than these messy-looking adapters, it would be nice to have a separate pcb with 3 8-pin plugs and 1 twelve pin which sits behind back panel of your case. You could even have a switch on it to select the desired wattage
Isn’t it ironic that, in an age where computer components are often measured in nanometers, we still haven’t perfected things like copper wires and solders? It’s like a rubber ring causing a spaceship to explode.
So the real problem is the bookkeeper cheaping down the design the engineer brought in. Because this is some very shitty design.
They should have made that  connector slightly different. Pigtails from the pins and make the splices away from the connector.
A break could mean arcing, too. That'll lead to melt temperatures *real* quick, and is the cause of the majority of failures I've seen in industrial power controllers.
its to fking small
Nvidia should have used a damn XT30 Connector instead of that crap.
Seems to be a great product the 4090, direct from hell /assassin's Creed designed to kill you while gaming - Nvidia!!! That's not a good design decision, dead customers won't buy ur overpriced space heaters again!!!!
Have you thought of a spark springing from the broken Plate to the rest of the connector? I mean if you unplug a cable there is more stress on the other cables. but if its near about to be connected, it could spark .... and this would also create some sort of heat. and melting.  The adapter is just a joke at all. Nvidia failed it
just done the back calculation for the amps that are being pulled by the card at full power 50 amps max 600/12=50 the heat generated by that amount of amps across a short or high resistants' is going to get hot quick. this is realy realy crap design.
Glad I kept my 3090 ASUS TUF with regular connectors ^^
Well boys, time to liquid cool power cables. The day has finally come... 🫡
What's the TLDR? Things are a bit hectic for me right now and I can't stop to watch a 15 minute video.
if it breaks the pad, there could be a small gap and making and arc which is messing up the connection.
At this point maybe use screw on thermals or Anderson connectors
Building on this: I think the outer wires having a single pin is the issue, unless there is some design feature where power is biased to the double pins. The outer pins have a higher resistance which creates more heat, weakening the metal contact, burning the plastic, and ultimately causing a pin to fail. This leads to a worsening of the issue on the opposite single pin, which also quickly leads to it failing (and even more melting on that side). The bending radius could be a contributing factor to the pin failing, but this is just a poor design overall.
Rtx 3090ti uses the same 12vhpwr cable but we didnt hear any issues , i wonder why ?
nobody cares..........
Why Nvidia should make there own connector. Stick to make GPU dies and PCBs
Honestly this should already have resulted in a huge lawsuit, at least in the EU. This is not CE compliant but has a CE sticker. It's a freaking fire hazard.
Manufacturers can fix this. This shouldn't have been a problem in the first place. Thanks for the call out.
Having a power cable running an inch within its physical limit under normal operation isn't just bad design, it's inherently unsafe.
THAT IS NOT THE MAIN Culprit..... 99.9% of the issue is that people use a single output from your power supply and push that the final cable ... This bring the AMPERAGE WAY UP from that single output to all 4 wires to the point of overheat and weaken the solder joints ...happends on all 3000 and 4000 series card. YOU ARE SUPPOSE TO USE 4 POWER SUPPLY OUTPUT FOR 4 WIRE INPUTS! VOILA THE SOLUTION! I Know people dont give a Sh@t about my post but im telling you the real reason, save yourself a home fire and listen to me.  JAY, use any wire and split a single power supply WIRE to all 4 Inputs, load your video card with a game and you'll see what I mean.
update : I don't have a card with the new 12VHPWR connector but I just received a cable from China (to do electrical tests) and let me tell you what those news don't tell you it's TINY O_O I expected something larger than one pcie plug but not it's actually smaller than 1 and is supposed to replace 4 ! wth nvidia are insane to want 50A going through something so small, that's the same current my car subwoofer amplifier had (600w=50Ax12V) and my battery to sub cable was as thick as a grown man pinky finger whoever approved this should be demoted at the very least
It's not about the number of cables that remain connected, that might make the remaining cables hot but the current is still spread over the pins...  What makes the pins hot is when the fracture on said pin remains so close that it's basically still conducting current but with high resistance.  A DC 12v arc can jump round about a tenth of a millimeter and that tiny arc will create heat really quick on said pin and you wont even hear it arc in the beginning cause the gap would be so small.
so quality control  classic all dumb companies always cut corners on quality
I am still flabbergasted that this tiny ass connector is rated at 600W, while PCIe (which uses much thicker contacts) is only rated at 150W. It feels like it was originally intended for 300 or 400W and then somebody said "sorry guys, but the next gen GPUs need more juice than that".
You're far too well-groomed to be giving tech advice.  I only trust guys whom I can smell through the monitor for this kind of stuff.
Gotta remember that everyone thinks they are a genius on the internet
If the outside cables are breaking off , twice the wattage though the middle cables should melt the centre not sides , if one side cable is breaking  the other 3 would take the heat melting one (other ) side (meaning the outside cables are drawing more wattage then the centre two )
This is definitely some good information!  When I do decide to upgrade to a 40xx or higher, I will certainly keep this in mind!
If anyone with access to a vented test lab, n-methylpyrrolidone can be used to dissolve the connector without damaging the metal bus bar. Ive used it to look for shorts in faulty encapsulated motor stators. Itll dissolve everything but the metal so its good when you need to remove plastic around small electronics to look for breaks or shorts.
The pronunciation of soldered is just killing me
How the F&#! Did this design make it through R&D ? Careless....
So what you are telling us is - Nvidia should not use cheap POS cabling.
When putting devices in parallel, the current will naturally follow the path of least resistance, and even a few milli-ohms can make a difference when you are sending AMPs through the connection. The bus bar at the connector end is an attempt to alleviate this issue.   I sincerely hope that the bar is something other than foil.  one of the weakest form of connectors one can use is the soldered type.
Your camera man has got to learn to be more stable
This guy say others are wrong but he talks a lot of nonsense.
One approach to a test would be to get an adapter, wiggle it back and forth a few times left to right, then measure the resistance across the outer connector to the other end of the wire with a multimeter. As others have said below, if the wire is barely connected by a few threads / has a high resistance, then the current traveling across the wire will generate heat, more resistance equals more heat.The heat then travels nearby to the rest of the connector or along the wire and spreads out damaging the connector / wire. If it's disconnected completley then there's no resistance across that wire, but the other wires have to take more current which overall results in less heat, but more load than they should be taking.  It's something I've seen happen with mains powered heaters wired into dodgy mains sockets. Imagine water as water preasure, current is water speed and greater resistance is a smaller pipe.
If you want to recreate the failure read further! You won’t be able to recreate the failure with such a massive wires going into the “adapter” they are probably capable of handling the current even 2 are disconnected. The problem is with the actual metallic female pin inside the connector! Here’s why: they become loose (the actual hole is enlarged) and will not create enough contact surface with the male pin on the actual card plug. Smaller contact surface will create heat and will result in a melted connector. The design of the adapter is bad because it joins together 2 pins making them stiff enough to make them difficult to get centered when they are inserted into the card connector. Nvidia did a great job by using smaller gauge cables on individual pins, this allows each female pin to get centered on the male pin when connector is inserted. Also this design is better for cable twisting, will also prevent the enlargement of the female pin. If you want to recreate the failure, just take a small screwdriver and enlarge a few of the female pins…
Seasonic literally tells you not to bend the 12VHP cables...
They all look like soldered all together which irritates me due to my lack of knowledge in basic soldering materials.
I think to get the fault the cable must be twisted so that the pins are semi connected... sparks will jump and the temperature will increase drastically... this could be very similar to when you connect a terminal of a vehicle battery... I saw 24v trucks that when starting, melt the terminals if they are poorly connected
The amount paid for a plate like this is surreal...and the heating problem is something even more surreal! Imagine that you are at home playing and that you need to go out to buy something....in this short space of time the chance of your house catching fire increases considerably...!  This is a reflection of a company that doesn't give a damn about energy efficiency and now this new power connector poses a huge fire risk!
The word your looking for is Terminal, those are jumped terminals
Nvidia usually takes a year or two before all the bugs are worked out on their temp control and drivers but this new 40 series is the worst yet.  Poor engineering and the size of the cards is absurd!
600W, 12V so they put 50A though that dinky little connector? Well there's your problem, its just completely out of it's weight class. 60 degrees on a connector is not normal by any measure, criteria is not that it's good if it doesn't melt, the criteria is that a connector is chosen with a sufficient margin that it's not even a question, you shouldn't have to worry about it at all. A connector is supposed to be basically room temperature on it's own, the power loss over it all but negligible. If it heats up by any noticeable amount, that's a failed connector. ATX was written into a concrete spec in 1995, the CPU-s of the time were 10-15W Pentium 5-s, Voodoo1 was yet to be born, forget about 600W graphic cards. Maybe it's about past time to extend ATX to 24V and 48V, industrial and server world went there ages ago.
Never again I will choose Nvidia for a graphics card, not only because of the Shitaverse-Hype they jumped onto
Lets release a 1600€ card... and save 0.10 $ on adapters.  That's a 4090 IQ move 🙃
All because someone wanted to save $0.001 on two wires....
That was very insightful, thanks for the info, J. 👍🏻
4090 is an amazing card! It's on fire, literally.
High power wire connections should as a general rule never be soldered. Only crimped. Nvidia is breaking well established best-practices.
So the cables are improperly strain-relieved
Ngreedia left pre uat testing to the public. Bad choice. Buy rx 7900xtx.
This should be renamed to Igor Didn't find the issue, maybe found a single problem but not the only one, and made some assumptions based on limited information.
TBH, not an apples to apples comparison, with you running it with metal exposed instead of insulated by the rubber.
Sounds like a cold soldered job
I suspected the connector being too small for this many cables and the heat-shrink tubing being that stiff. They soldered instead of properly terminating the cables into the socket.
Nvidia should be paying you 😉
So they cheaped out on the connector's internal metal contact and it came back to bite them in the butt. That's pretty much the opposite of what they were saying, isn't it? That it can handle the load and whatnot?
Widać że twórca mało bawił się kabelkami w dzieciństwie
You see it alot in the automotive world too, too much current for the pins mixed with corrosion.. Especially on trucks (not your USA Ute's)
That molded rubber isn't a sufficient strain relief. I'm no engineer, I'm just a diy repair guy, but i've seen insufficient strain reliefs fail countless times, it's basically the first thing I check in a broken device.
No he didnt.
Thank you for making the video to bring the blog post to my attention but the explanation in the video is uhm not great... But yeah the article explains it perfectly.  In short, there are four wires connected to the connector, two of which are connected to the outer two pins (one for each). But by bending the cable the contacts on the pcb can fail and break off. the remaining two wires will carry the load to 6 pins and because the 6 pins are connected to one another with a thin foil that starts to get hot fast.
Sorry but I call Reddit posters "people full of it". I have been torturing my 4090 (MSI Suprim X) for days with overclocking, 6 hours of consecutive play between Cyberpunk and Dying Light 2 with full RT on, no problems whatsoever. Both Jay and Steve (Gamer Nexus) tortured cards and connectors in the most exaggerated ways and could not reproduce the problem. There is no problem. End of Story. Otherwise, both me, Jay and Steve would have melted the connector by now. Those guys are either shills (yes shills from competitors) melting the connector with a flame and saying it happened naturally, or have faulty components and extremely faulty behaviors in their pipelines/modus operandi. Much ado about nothing if I ever saw one. (Or rather, much ado about BS).
Give us free right angle power cables. Less wire bending, less problems.
But it fails past that point.  It’s just a bad design overall… there needs to be a gap over 300watts or it will jump over.  This explains why it’s on the positive side on the ends.   Not enough insulation and no space to dissipate heat.   Larger gauge and no links possible. And denser insulation covering the entire wire and solder points, Like crucial did.
maybe must  soldering at the joint of the cable 😁
Jay you probably already figured this out by now but a bad solder joint can cause excessive heat focus on the solder looks to me like the primary cause
Igor!!!
If it's the outermost pins getting hotter, it doesn't make any sense to say that it is due to the outermost wires getting lose or the solder joints cracking. Instead it depends by the way you insert and remove the connector. If you angle it sideways a lot the tiny pinchers inside the female connector get deformed. This explains why it's the side ones being problematic. The deformation renders the fit of the female on the male a bit loose reducing the area of contact hence the area where the power flows through. This is proved by the ATX standards stating that (I don't remember the exact number) the estimate life cycle of the connectors are like 20 insertions. If you connect it ONLY ONCE and PERFECTLY STRAIGHT in nothing is never going to happen.
Just noticed as GamerNexus said your cable and his are rated at 300V as Igors is 150v only ... could have something to do with the results you are having ... just a tough
Why they dont just use a common very well know and aproved conector like XT60 / XT90? 90A * 12V = 1000W.
It's Eye-gore.
today i got my zotac 4090 and was absolutely shocked at the size of the adapter the 12vhpwr adapter until you have one in your hands you don't understand how truly terrible the connector is I work in electronics for a living and can not believe it was designed for 600w someone really dropped a bollock developing this!! its absolutely tiny
*adopters
I would think it's not the extra draw from the center wires but arcing caused by the break still being in close proximity to it's original location that's causing the heat.  If the failure cause is too much draw, the failure point should be where that draw is i.e. the center wires.  The failure is the edge wires.  If the cause is broken connections at the edges, the failure has to be localized to those edges.  But I'm not an internet engineer so I might be wrong.
Good Video thank you! Some criticism if I may; terminology matters! Please be careful when making statements like 'Due to high resistance the cable will burn' This is contrary to Ohm's Law; V=IR.  High resistance = low current = low heat!!! You get heat, when your current goes up- not the other way around.  When you are looking at the issue you must think in terms of Ohm's law.  The other part of the equation is how the cable design works; say they are distributing the power across 4 wires.  SO from a circuit standpoint you have 4 parallel paths current is lower, than if you start breaking off paths, current across the remaining wires goes up to compensate for the overall power draw- thats when you will see the heat.  From the picture at 4:55, the contacts are not evenly distributed; the inner wires get 2 contacts per wire, while the outer is only 1. so you would have roughly double the current through the outer contacts relative to the inner ones (which would make them hotter)  So if in your test you used one of the connectors routed to the inner pins you wouldnt see the issue.  Make sure you track to a pigtail to the outer pins then retry your wiggle test.
So we need to water cool our cables i see
6:40 you also have to take into account how long the test took vs how long the melted cable were being used.
finally, a portable fire bobm for rich people!!!11
Here's an idea. If you're going to spend $1500+ on a video card, spring for the PCIE5 PSU with the native 12+pin connector??? The new MSI A1000G PCIE5 PSU is $199.
I'm surprised the solder the wires....
TL;DR: 12VHPWR is a shitty power connector. Either we go with quad 8-pin connectors or we start making PSUs with 24V rails to use dual/triple 8-pin connectors.
I've never been so happy to have a Corsair PSU, I haven't completely decided what GPU I'm gonna get but in the event it's a Lovelace card I'll absolutely be buying that replacement cable
Yep Nividia knew this and pushed it out any ways. They are the ones Liable. Everyone sue the Greedy Green
4090 is supposed to be the model, not the temperature. All that money they charge and they can't be bothered to address something as basic as a power issue that can ruin not only the card but your whole machine. Disgrace.
I'd never imagine a company as rich as Nvidia fucking up a cable port so badly. Down to the basics man... I'd be sad if it were a competitor like Intel or AMD, but, Nvidia needs to come down a peg. This is just what we needed.
I can forgive you saying 'al-oo-minum' (aluminum) rather than 'al-you-min-ee-um' (aluminium), because the English are the fools who added an extra 'i', but why, oh why, do Americans say 'sodder'? The word is 'SOLDER'! Please note the 'L'....
All you want to say is that ppl stupidity with flat cornering the cable causes that pins desolder itself while high load goes through... That's why it's all ok with mine.
aaaal that fkn drama because they cheaped out on 50cents of wire..... bruuuuuh some heads will roll
4:06 a bus. its called a bus :)
so in the end.. still a really bad design? Nvidia: introduces new connector also Nvidia: cheaps out on the adapter PS: maybe you've been testing it in open and not closed case.. iirc an enclosed case is hotter?
The joint at the plug where there's a lot of bending pressure is stupid. There should be a separate joint (but it would require 10 cm or more of extra cable, but Nvidia is greedy). Also it would look better.
ok - that's finally it - the last nail in the coffin - never nvidia ever again why? not because they're overpriced already as amd can get you the same performance for less money - but because they wanted to cut even more profit by going this route instead of a dedicated wire per pin - that's just pure greed - and I ain't no longer paying for that
Its not a power issue. It's current. 12v caur audio systems behave like this. Too thin a guage of wire and it'll melt at the weakest link
I'm a car audio installer and the only time I've seen this happen is when there is too much current
install a waterblock on the connector
Is this only happening on the FE 40 series? Or is like MSI, ASUS, etc experiencing the same issues?
im glad i vertical mounted my 4090 so i could have no bend whatsoever. i'd be pissed if i pulled out the cable on a $1800+ piece of hardware and it was melted.
It seems like every video Jay puts out, he'll throw a "I DID IT" or "THEY LISTENED TO ME", especially when others put their opinions on certain matters before Jay. Comes off super cocky every time I see it. It wasn't always like this.  He puts out killer videos, but lately it seems he's been trying to take all the credit for certain issues.
Nvidia using cheap soldering? manufacturing standards are dropping !!
That's why is safer to wait 2 months after launch so you know the problems it has and the solution as well. Btw they need to stop and work on reducing the size of the GPUs. Is getting ridiculous now.
"just don't use the adapter" - wasn't this the advice even before the cards actually hit the market? Seem to recall something like that... Now it's basically just confirmed....
Can anyone help inform me? If i got a atx 3.0 gen5 psu with the correct plug, will this issue be circumvented? is the issue JUST with the adapter, has anyone done a breakdown of the gen5 psu cable to see if it still has weak soldering if it needs any?
This should be a netflix series
Considering the trend of power hungry stuff in computers, why don't we move to 24V PSUs and electronics? I know it is anoying to have to change stuff, but considering that a new PSU is needed anyways, it might have been a good time to add 24V to PSUs...  400W at 12V is 33A. That is enormous, and obviously it will cause problems with wires and connectors. At 24V, we would pull half the current, at 16.6A. Not great, but far easier.  Perhaps even 36 or 48V?   Anyways, even with 24V, the previous pcie connectors would be able to handle the load...  Backwards compatibility is nice and all, but at some point we need to break a few stuff to innovate...  Note that i'd rather have newer hardware managing to improve while maintaining or even improving power draw, but that does not seem to be what neither CPU manufacturers nor GPU makers chose to do.  I hope that this hot and hungry phase will be like the Pentium 4 phase, and that after we'll have more efficient designs, as was the case with core processors... Alrhough, seeing how we seem to have reached a soft cap to lithography progress, it may be wishful thinking....
Maybe a bakelite case and thicker foil would solve this
Nvidia should hand out free cable upgrades for anyone that owns a 4090.
Why not just power limit it to 350 watts lose about 2% performance but save money and prevent a fire.
EVGA saved themselves from countless RMA's and customer support for NVIDIAS fault.
feel they should ship cards with a 90 degree adaptors.. cause people will keep bending wires to close cases unless they put plugs in differant spots
Internal bus bar.
I am also an engineer.  However, I have a very different opinion.  Too much wire going into too small connector.  It is actually a STUPID design.  The simple fix is to build an adapter that is wider and more space for MORE Copper to provide the amps needed without over heating. One wire to one connector as yo stated.  If that item needed to pass specifications electrical for homes and commercial, that design would NEVER pass and not be allowed.
im no electrician but i would think theres a big difference between cutting and removing the wire from the connector and the wire breaking loose but remaining in the connector to possibly touch the piece it was previously soldered to and possibly create an arc of electricity. agian, im no electrician so i could be completely wrong...
how is the shipping conditions? Does the temperature variates between routes?
So the issue is that they fkin solder the cables instead of cramping them
How about a link to that Corsair replacement cable you showed us?
Hey guys sorry i tried to look up the cable he said is a safe replacement on amazon not finding it anyone possibly have a link for the exact cable he showed?
They should just use proper hi amp connector like t-dean and not this joke and there would be not problem.
Correct! This creates a filament effect. Just like a light bulb filament! Where there is resistance in a wire, making it act like heating element. And a intermittent connection aid in arching causing the gaps to be singed by micro sparks and creating further resistance. Dangerous situation, like time bomb! Ease fix should have been to create a new design in plugs, in the first place! At the manufacturing! Basically they went cheap and charge a premium in price. So now we are still beta testing it for NVIDIA. Kind of an insult do you think?
The issue could very well be partial contact, and damage over time ( as these plugs don't melt after a few hours of abuse ) so it's hard to replicate but a VERY valid concern nonetheless. The design choices seem shady and cheap at best, at worst it poses a serious fire hazard and nVidia MUST be held accountable for this piece of crap they are shipping out with their cards ( because forcing users to use their new connector then providing an adapter that is trash quality is not a good way to go about doing things )
I demand authorities to stop this from being sold
I think its because when it breaks off inside it doesn't disconnect fully, leaving a sliver of material just touching the plate, creating so much resistance that it heats up tremendously, if you cut it off completely then there is no problem, since the rest of the wires can sufficiently feed the connector.
So I think what we are saying is the pins individually are not good enough to draw 600w  when in fact they should each be rated for 600w for safety reasons soo is this nividia product :o
bad engineering at its best
Anyone who did some soldering work to connect things with wires should know that a solder joint that is exposed in that way without something wrapped around or some kind of sheathe that limits movement in the area of the joint will have to regularly be repaired because of joint failure and failure of the wire.
This card is already   so masive.  Don't  tell me nvia didn't  find  a place  for  a 4 × pice 8 pins?
the problem is the size of pins, old pins are biggers(female and male) otherwise, this new connector are so small, i could tell the fail at moment that i see that connector without investigation needed or nothing, this its basic in electric wire, more thin the conductor, less power and more temps, anyone with some electric related career should notice this soon.
My god he spends 10 minutes unable to form a sentence to explain the issue
Nvidia fucked up. Instead of being cheap they should invest 3 $ more and actually do box with power connector on PCB that takes all PCI-E power and redistribute it without problems.
There should be 1 wire per pin, there's not reason for that silly BS. I really ponder if that "metal foil" is actually the tabbing that the pins come shipped on that normally is cut off when the pins are installed.
It's not necessarily the fact the connection was lost, but the "arcing" that happens when current is passing through a connection that has increased resistance...such as a break in the solder.  There could still be enough connectivity to get "some" current through it, but the higher resistance of the broken connection causes the temp to increase. If you've ever worked with wiring in your home,  you will immediately recognize what I'm talking about.  That arcing from just bringing two contacts with a difference in potential close enough together that they can pass current just before they physically touch.  That arc contains a LOT of heat and repeated instances of that arcing continues to build the heat....a continuous cycle until failure.
Time to start liquid cooling your wires
they should just stick to the old way of doing it. won't have that problem.
Hmm Nvidia releases 600w card and power blackouts happen all over Ukraine... coincidence or did someone power on their 4090 and short the grid?
A solution would be to split the wires half way up the cable and crimp instead of solder. Then individually pin each wire to the connector.
I have to argue that Igor's assessment is incorrect. If the detached wire is causing increased current to that pin of the plug via the middle wires, the failure would occur in the "foil" bridge between the outer and inner wires. This is thinner than the pin, so will heat up faster under the increased load. The fact these images show the melting is occurring within the plug/socket connection leads me to the opinion that the fit of the pin in the socket is more the problem, which would also be exaggerated when the wire is bent near the plug. If the pin/socket connection is loose to begin, then bending the wire at a tight angle would result in 1 or 2 single points of contact instead of the length of the pin. This increases current draw, therefore creating heat. If this is more of a problem after the cable has been plugged/unplugged a few times, then it is possible this is what is causing the socket to expand. I've seen the same issue with the old IDE HDD power leads. After a plugging/unplugging a few times, the sockets would be stretched enough that a poor connection resulted. Squash the socket closed a little and all was good again. To test this, try expanding one of the sockets a little and test again. Sorry for the long post.
Stupid cable for something so simple
This video has already been thoroughly invalidated by Gamers Nexus and others.
TLDR - they are trying to pass too much power over too little wire, exceeding the National Electrical Codes specification.  They are using the foil as a power rail.  The crack in the solder joint is because they are using incompatible materials.  You cant solder copper to pot metal and expect a good solder joint.
So our cable adapters need heatsinks now. Can't wait to see liquid cooled systems integrate this.
So thats why I saw someone soldering a deutsch connector to a card on reddit...
If the sides brake off there is no current flowing through them and higher current would flow only in the center, this would cause melting in the middle of the connector, not on the sides. There is no chance sides get hot, because of "lost connection". What actually could be happening is that, sides get "partially" broken, or completely but still being close enough to be touching so they still make weak contact making current flow with high resistance, hence heat. Also if those stop touching, but are close enough, there could be arcing making heat. This is why I thing only sides get hot. Also for anyone wondering I have electronics degree.
Probably needs a bad connection to start the melting, and might as well put it in a case to recreate an actual pc test. Decent cooling and exhaust fans just to see how badly it gets hot in the case
Waiting for RDNA3, Nvidia's not getting any more $$ from me
I'm curious, are users of the RTX4090 using air cooling or water cooling?
And this is why I always wait a year...
So do I see right too, that the 6 pins are not connected to each other? Therefore the middle 2 cables supply 4 pins on the 12VHPWR and if the outside 2 break, there are 2 cables supplying 400w through only the middle 4 pins and with the chance of a short of the outsinde ones? time to order the cable mod extention...
before i watch, i wanted to add on previous vid: Electrons "flow"(or hole flow..........let's not go there) on the surface. Ever see MIG gnd wire? Hair thin wires,  hundreds. That's because the surface area of 100 hair thin wires is greater than a single equal diameter wire(*true story).  But ultimately! when a contact is made and broken, current surges. You can see this on any cheap o-scope. Each tiny "pit" causes resistance/impedance. But! Heat is generated in the place of said resistance. This causes a closed loop spiral. End result: Melted. *Iyes i'm an en gy near lol. But this is basic EE, no degree needed. J2c is dead accurate about HOW the breaks happen, i was only addressing the electronic theory/fact about how fires happen.
That is absolutely piss poor design. A manufacturer I deal with in a different industry went out of their way to change a power connector on a new range of products to prevent this kind of thing.  The old connector on paper would have just managed however they did it to be safe to protect their products and more importantly their customers.
Well yeah, Optical Fiber is the same thing. You bend a wire you risk breaking loose a connection creating basically a shunt which is an insulator. Which means your now Arcing a 600w connection
This seems like nothing more than a greedy company trying to cut corners in order to save more money and make more profits.
foil metal, people in my line of work we call that a vary slow blow fuse.
I'm not an engineer.  You're going to a pretty good size gauge wire to a tiny metal pin with a small contact point on the pin its feeding.  It's causing a amperage bottleneck (resistance) and causing heat.
Them 5 year olds have to learn soldering on something so it might as well be on the job training right?
Should have just used the standard 8 pin that we have had for years. This adapter is so stupid.
In the middle of this video (at 3:01) I shut down my system and checked my connector for issues with melting/burning, and...after a week of use, no melting or anything! YAY!
If your motherboard supports the use of a thermal sensor, I suggest you'll strap it to that connector and set your bios to sound an alarm if it exceeds a certain threshold.
Eh, no he didn't.
The resistance is exactly the issue when you get a break in one of those wires think of it like an incandescent light bulb the filament the part that lights up inside that light bulb is just a high resistance piece of wire when you get a break on that plug where the wires are soldered it's still trying to draw power through that wire but instead of the resistance being near zero it's now potentially a thousand ohms or higher the higher your resistance drawing at the same voltage and means you have to apply more amps to get the same wattage which creates a ton more heat which is why the plugs are failing
Okay, so for people paying around $2500 dollars for a 4090, Nvidia didn't think about putting a rigid loom around the power connector to protect the solder joints from flexing.  That's some Apple level of not caring about your customers
The problem is all the losers on the planet trying to hide every single cable or they won't score cool points with the other neckbeards.  Just buy an extender and keep it tidy. Your case isn't a TV, it's a piece of machinery.
yeah...lead free solder joints, as good as they are for the environment especially in consumer electronics because of the disposable culture we have, are total shit for reliability....
As soon as I saw on earlier videos that bending the cable at anything but 35mm from the connector was not recommended you knew the designers had obviously never built a gaming PC before. Pretty sad how far nVidia has strayed from their early days of being known for making great performing cards at a good price to just making cards that cost more than all the other PC components combined.
Moral of the story here is NVIDIA don't cheapen out on your thousand plus dollar graphics cards ...... It's just exposing just how greedy and scummy you are even more so
Nvidia should send replacement cables free of charge to everyone who bought their card new and has a receipt.  I think that's fair.
Is this the timeline where we get water cooled cabling?
I can't believe how many times I pause any of your videos and I get you with your eyes closed
At least Nvidia is accepting it is a possibility. I can see where they techs felt it was safe and for the most part it would be if properly built like the others Devs but hope they get the cables replaced asap instead of waiting for failures and doing RMA or hoping warranty fails.
Jay:  I don't want to deform the connector on my 4090 to recreate this issue. Steve @ GN:  Hold my beer!
Yoo whats that Wallpaper you are using to show off the NZXT Screens ?
PLEASE AS A CONSUMER DON"T FIX THE COMPANY MISTAKE THIS IS NOT OKAY. and also f*ck the mods on nvidia subreddit for suppressing and lockdown the issue.
You are not recreating it because you are performing the right experiment. It's the arcing that is causing the melting. when you cut the cables and don't put the cables close to each other to create arcing there is obviously no heat created. Electrical arc produces heat at a rate that is equal to the voltage x the current of the arc. The equation used for this is called "incident energy" "arc flash" and you could calculate this knowing the specs of your system etc.
Just put lead in solder again
JazyTwoCents a few weeks ago "upgrade to atx 3.0 psu or you can catch fire"... Atx 3.0 psu cables a week later.... 🤦
How was this even allowed or passed QC? Some of the sketchiest soldier work I've ever seen. Not to mention that BUSBAR (Proper term) does not look like it can or is to spec for the power rating. I was gonna a new gen card so glad I waited. A old 1080TI is looking nice right about now.
Nvidia needs to remedy this and get ahead of the damage asap. Send the early adopters and pull the inventory off the shelves and make sure they have the correct replacement cables
I learned the hard way as a young engineer about compression pin fretting corrosion and high power interfaces. When high pulsed currents pass through a low compression interface heating causes the metal to expand and contract. This results in micro movements between the male and female parts breaking the tin oxide barrier and allowing oxygen to interact with the base metal and form microscopic corrosion. This increases resistance which in turn increases heat in turn increasing the fretting action and eventually thermal runaway melting your connection. This effect can also occur with even micro vibration between surfaces.
Molex in 1960: "Hey guys here is a new type of connector, you don't solder it you just crimp it, it's much more solid and it doesn't crack like solder!" Nvidia in 2022: "𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐢𝐟 𝐰𝐞 𝐬𝐨𝐥𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐫𝐞𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐧𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐨𝐫?"
At the very least, a good thing coming out of this situation is that Nvidia an entertainment to a lot of bloggers and tech corps...
J2C "you will literally die and kill your family in the process if you turn on your 4090".  GN "well actually".
Have the 600W cable in ATX 3.0 PSU the same problem? Or it's only for the nvidia adapter?
Igor figured it out nicely. You are explaining it wrong tho...
would be just easier to make L shape connector cable.
One more on the long list of reasons to skip 40 series. Thank you.
A good video got new info on this too :D Any good reason why the wires are not crimped?
I am a mechanic by trade and a computer enthusiast as a hobby. I have seen these types of failures in heavy equipment many times. I think there might be a step that is being missed in these videos. The tests done by Steve and Jay have had the strain relief removed during testing which can hide a phenomenon where a solder joint will break but the wire will still be contacting the mating surface by the force of the tape holding it down creating an insane amount of resistance. If a wire was broken but still being held on the pad out could generate the type of heat necessary to melt the connector. It might be worth trying to break or desolder the wire and then rewrap it to give it just enough contact for electricity to pass through with a very high resistance and see what happens.
after seeing egor plug i see whats going on when it brakes with that much power its causing a ark melting the plasic
If the plug is heating enough to melt, it's going to make the solder joints look bad. It's basically heating the solder enough to soften it and cause a cold solder joint. It's resoldering itself as a cold joint.
Jay, you talk about increased current on the central wires, after the outer wires are compromised (which does happen to some degree)... but technically, there must be substantial current flowing through the outer pins and wires to cause the heating in those locations.  It is a matter of increased resistance in those poor connections - not actual breaks which would result in zero current.  The central pins are doubled up for their incoming wires, soldered together, so they heat up less because they share current on twice the contact surface.  They do have pretty minimal strength in those soldered pins and "foil" contacts.
I can already see the headlines. "House fire likely caused by a computer tower"
Just a speculation from an electrician on why you couldn't recreate it.  Completely removing the connection doesn't always bring temps up higher when ran in parallel.  A lot of times when you see the higher temps it's because of a loose connection adding more resistance.  Yes the other wires will get slightly hotter, but you are loosing that extra resistance from the loose connection, thus heat being generated.  Once again, just a speculation.  Love your videos and keep it up.
It should just work!
I wonder if you took the original plug brand new out of the box and some how reinforced/supported the wires with electrical tape or wire shrink wrap if that would help.
And Gamer's Nexus just threw a massive wrench into all of this
seems right, i build cables industrially and have the molex crimpers for the standard plugs, not so much computers but of all the assemblies ive built ive never see a wire split up between pins like that. my first thought was to run individual wires out of that connector and do the actual splicing somewhere else in the assembly like maybe alittle molded box in the middle of the cable
You really don't want to put solder joints in a place that flexes.
Edit: Just to clarify, I'm talking about the "outer pins are melting" situation specifically. Some statements will remain true in any case, but that should be noted.  I'm not done watching yet (got to 6:53 so far), but I don't think the outer cables break off entirely and all the power gets drawn through the two middle ones (or those and one on the side). When a connection gets damaged but not entirely disconnected, its resistance increases, so now power will dissipate as heat there instead of where it's supposed to go. On the pictures it looks to me that the pins are one continous piece from the card end right up to the tab the wire is soldered to. The pins are then interconnected via the foil, but the thermal interface will naturally be worse across there. The outer cables appear to be connected primarily, in some units possibly only, to the outer pin tabs. Even when connected to the next tab in line, the physical connection will be weaker and could easily be broken while the outer tab and cable remain connected despite damage. So only the outer pins have bad connections where extra heat is generated. The heat will be distributed via the foil, but since pin and foil are two separate pieces of metal with an imperfect thermal interface, the outer pins will be hotter than the rest. If the connections of the outer cables were completely severed, the pins in the middle would melt first - or the cables/the connectors at the other side of the cables.
I believe what you want to call a PCB would be better referred to as a buss bar.  Foil buss?  Foil buss bar?
But if that's your explanation, it should get hottest in the middle, not the outside of the plug.
I don't understand why they just stuck  to original plugs. The plugs have been the standard for ever and there is a reason, they reliable and are designed to bend.
Sounds like a recall issue.
Jay!! stop saying soddered try saying soldered PLEASE
Hi Jay ... thanks for you and your teams funny and informative vids.  Could I make a lil' request? Talk to the audience listening to you, like we were, if not dummies, then beginners who want's to learn more. Sometimes I think you forget some of your audience in terms of understanding your hieroglyphs (too nerdy language) :-b They (we) are sometimes lagging behind. At least that counts for me - and perhaps of my foreign origin ;-) Again, thanks for your channel. I will keep following you :-) Best regards ... /the dane guy
What dragon was in the cave then?
It couldn't be of HEAT could it?
I mean...whoever thought pushing 450+ watts through this little cable in the FIRST place needs to be reeducated in electrical.
This video is such bullshit. With two broken wires the card will not get enough power, it’s quite simple. Each wire can only draw so much power and the card and PSU will monitor that load. How about we wait for a proper industry lab under controlled conditions using industry specific tests, conclude what the ‘actual’ fault is, rather then idiots on You a tube bending wires or taking plugs apart trying to state what the fault is.
I did, I did!
sounds like custom wires are the way to go with video cards anymore. the more I read and the more I research this issue, It's been evident that custom cables just work better.
Thank you for the recap, I heard a lot of bs about this 4090-gate. edit : well, 3 days later, nobody can replicate igor's results, and it look like Igor cables are ... weird, according to Gamers Nexus who just started an investigation about these cables.
not like those Engineer or Elec guys are wrong it just that they don't have specimen to test in the first place.
Has Nvidia acknowledged the seriousness of this issue yet?
The mere fact that there is no reinforcement whatsoever seems to me like gross negligence and disregard for consumer safety, I don't understand how this could possibly have gotten past inspection, unless their inspection was all theoretical, the average cables on aliexpress even have better build quality than this
It's pretty insane that they're using soldered joints at all for those current levels. For house electricity, you're not *allowed* to use solder joints for any high current application because soldered joint will receive the heat first and if that solder ever melts, you've major issues. Always used grimped connections for any high current application and you'll be fine.  And since solder is usually also weaker metal than the wire, any force will cause cracking in the solder first and with a crack you will get sparking and high temps very fast, which again can melt the solder (or burn the surrounding material).
Little remark: There is no such thing as resistance of power. The material has the resistance and sending too much power through a higher resistance (now much less material to get the power through after the break) is what causes the heat. The now shitty contact on the breakage point also ends up with a higher resistance and you could end up with arcing which doesn't help either.
Nvidia cable is low quality we need to replace this cable with high quality cable
If we use cable mod for Psu will it solve the problem
Nvidia... Astronomic prices for GPUs and burning your house down with it - nice company :)
Great work Jay. I am wondering if the missing ingredient is arcing. If the foil breaks and it is close enough, it could potentially arc across producing a lot of heat. No way to prove it though under controlled conditions without running hundreds, maybe thousands of tests, or just getting lucky/unlucky.
2 of your sense wires are cut so you cannot run full power through.
adapter fails and causes a fire - except ours.... errr oh - also I have no content or technical know how to give more insight so Ill just use some other channels information to try and get more content - please give me a shout when you have a story based on fact not guessing
Nvidia screwed up this design big time.
So glad I bought a EVGA 3090 and a really nice PSU.  No cheap dodgy adaptor...just 3 big, safe chunky PCI-e cables.  When I want to build a 40 or 50 series Gen 5/6 system....I'll buy a proper ATX 3.0 PSU and avoid this whole adapter malarkey entirely.    Buy at the end of the gen instead of the beginning, after all those problems have been worked out, and prices are at their lowest.
Imagine how disappointed people who bought these cards must be.  Edit: Then again, most people with that much money can burn through them with no concern so...
Man you are talking too much saying very little. And the result is unnecessarily long videos. Really interesting videos, tried to watch some of them, but I got tired in two days.
Been watching these videos, as a past investigator of industrial accidents, I have a few questions for the 'educated'. 1. If these potential breaks of connection were the issue, why is it that the melting is happening on the plug side and not the connection points? 2. Has anyone looked at monitoring the GPU board side of the connection to see how the power is being pulled from these connections?  It's not that I disagree with any of the finding, but have questions that might help answer why this is so hard to recreate.
Sauder versus solder... the greatest mystery !
This is karma for NVIDIA
So GPU's are surpassing power supplies just like TV's surpassed resolution available back in the day. Cable TV was only 480p when Big screens came out.
Individual differences between the cables. One in a thousand badly soldered and it can be a disaster. A design like this is not good if it works a thousand to one - when it comes to starting a fire it should work a million to one.  Especially in equipment with such a horrendous price.
It still looks like all the failures are in the pin structure. When we see this kind of failure in the automotive world it is because of high resistance in the pin fitment. That leads to heat and the female pin starts to spread then the male pin moves around and gets hot.....hey wait a minute....nevermind..... but anyways it continues to build resistance and heat to the point of failure.
As for world hunger/cancer, Prevention is better than cure (don`t over-breed & eat your greens & stay away from radiation).
Like what I had on my 2008 build with the Segate Baracuda drive recalls... Jsut because you can't replicate it on all items doesn't mean its  not an issue. I had 2 brick, one of which wasn't even in the recall list.
Solder joint Jay...
Whoever designed that adapter needs a good talking to about how PC Cases work. Surprised a manager did not ask that 4 adapter adapters be included in the box (going left/right/down/up).
Video like this are why I keep coming back. Thanks for the excellent explanation.
Nvidia can't release anything without controversy
Regardless of the failure it was a silly design cramming so much power in such a small plug.  The other end of the custom cable tells it all and some engineer should of put a stop to it!  Also regardless of the aftermarket, the weak link "is still" the connecter going into to GPU.  think of years of heating and cooling of the plastic and the thin buss connecting the pins. It's all going to weaken and fail down the road.  They should of just put 3-4 connectors on the GPU, so silly and dumb to save a few cents.
I honestly say i could solder better at the age of 10 than some of the work on those adapters. Thats appalling!  But soldering aside, that entire design of them is terrible. They should have 1 wire per pin then have a short legth of ribbon cable that then goes to a Y joint to make the connections where space is less of an issue. Of course this would drive up the cost of the adapters.
buss bar ?
It’s like when EVGA pulled out, it’s been havoc ever since.
Bring back leaded solder, this lead free garbage has been causing issues since the early 90s i have had to re-solder a couple dozen automotive boards that have cracked over time and other misc. Boards.  Lead is much more forgiving and bends rather than cracking and breaking
Also, I don't think the engineers that were speaking up were necessarily wrong. The problem when you go smaller and smaller and then attempt to deliver more power is mostly due to engineering constraints in a somewhat stupid attempt to save a few cents. It's never one thing that gets you. You made allowances here, coupled with a shortsighted decision there, and then marry it to thinner and flakier hardware/cabling/etc ... all of those were responsible for the whole thing blowing up in your face.  So it turns out to be the soldering job this time. Well, it probably wouldn't have been if those connectors were a little bigger/stronger.
2:08 exactly like religion.
Nvidia: "You're plugging it in wrong..."
Crimped wires are always better than soldered wires, even for non-automotive applications. lol
LOL this is exactly what Aircraft have been dealing with for years. This is the shit that lawn darts aircraft
Jay, what you're saying makes no sense.  If the problem was that the outside connections were broken and all that power was forced through the middle wires, the middle connections would be the ones that melted, not the outside ones.  I'll tell you EXACTLY what the problem is and why the outside connectors are melted even though they're the ones that had the connection broken.  If no current was running through the outside connectors, the outside connectors wouldn't be melted.  It looks to me like that connecion was broken but not broken enough.  The two pieces of metal were still close enough for the current to occasionally arc.  When current arcs, it passes through the air.  The problem is that air is an insulator and there's tremendous friction when electricity forces its way through it.  The friction is so great that the air turns white-hot (which is what we see when lightning strikes).  The heat generated by the arcing current is what melted the plug.  That's why the outside connectiors are both the ones with the broken connections AND the melted plastic.
Could someone tell me what's the keyboard on Jay's desk, please?
This lack of forethought and total disregard to safety needs to become a class action lawsuit. I'd rather wait a couple more generations to get this sort of performance safely than have a fire hazard in my PC. As others have said already, if you're honestly spending THIS MUCH on a GPU you shouldn't have to worry about shoddy dangerous crap like this. It's totally negligent. Just spend the damn money on a proper connection, Nvidia/ User a thicker gauge and direct pin to wire. Slapping some solder on there & calling it a day is NOT the way to do it.
It is hard to recreate because you need wire with really bad connection but not cut off and he can create Tiny arc and then its start to melt. This is like arc welder, when you have an electrode connect to material only electrode is start to Warming up but when you start arc even you have less power consumption you can melt steel.
For one the fact that the nvidia engineers thought connecting 4 300W spec PCIE power connectors into one little plastic connector is why this happened. I don't see why they couldn't put 4 regular connectors on the card other than to trick consumers into thinking their GPUs are still efficient. If you're a miner you would have seen this issue coming right off the bat. I personally still wouldn't trust the replacement from corsair. I'm sure it's safe for gaming, but I would be weary of really beating on the card and putting it to work. Just what I think.
Surely that isn't cheaper to make either... I mean seems like so many more steps to manufacture.  So wth is the point?
The busbar used is a great solution where the strain on a cable is minimal. If it breaks then a couple of things can happen. If the outside cables/solder joint/pin is broken and no longer able to transfer power, the remaining connections can overload. The heat can melt a connector. The second thing that can happen is if the wire can still handle power, a broken pin or loose connection can cause sparking across the air gap , continual sparking can cause connectors to melt. Poorly soldered connectors on the main board could also cause similar issues. Igor’s lab did some great detective work but unfortunately my experience tells me it is only one part of a multi experienced issue where one or more factors can come into play.
How many risk analysts are preparing to void your home insurance if you're running a NV 4000 services card.
So my understanding is if you use an ATX 3.0 PCIE5 power supply then you shouldn’t have a problem.  Can we put down the pitchforks now.
A soder joint is where Thomas the Tank engine hangs out. A solder joint is used for electrical and mechanical support in electronic circuits.
Pretty sure Jay can break a solder joint by dropping it, too.
Think I'll be skipping this gen. I'm always unplugging and removing my GPU to get at other components. It would just be a matter of time til I wore out that cable.
Thanks for the video.  Very helpful for us consumers to fix the issue and keep using a good card.
Just why create a new connector, all you need to go to Anderson and look at their Powerpole connectors. I like the SB50 connector.
Just don't use the adapter 👍
Honestly NVIDIA has become too greedy.
The engineer that designed that cable needs to be FIRED and black listed . all those cables need to be recalled and REPLACED with a totally new design instead of simply a thicker foil plate .. maybe a CAST plate. And NVIDIA needs to lower the price of the card instead of raising because of the recalled parts and extra R&D they need to do so the consumers houses do not burn down because they bought NVIDIA products .. if ever there was a time for a FUCK YOU NVIDIA now is the time.
for nvidia engineers creating 90 degree cable from the start was so hard i guess... they built it like they never see a pc case
You're just guessing at what someone thinks the problem is, LoL
What a waste of time
I suspect that it is not just that the connection fails and separates, it is that it arc's within the confined space and heats up the pin. You are opening it up so heat can easily dissipate and removing the arc scenario. I think the only way to test the theory is to play with the wires until one fails without opening it up (and how would you know it has failed?) then running under full mining loads within a poor airflow space. Just about any cooling will reduce the chance of reproducing this. Good luck ever making it happen on purpose.
Who OK's 4 wires being soldered onto 6 pins??? Oh yeah, China.
So on a $1600 card, Nvidia cheaped on a $1 cable? Got it.
I just want to give Jay a big thank you for crediting Igors Lab in the fricking title, and also not giving completely inn to the clickbait culture that even the most serious tech channels like LTT have given in to.
From your photo of this opened connector the soldering looks that all six solderbases are bridged together
Wouldn’t arcing be a factor here? If you cut the plug open and move the disconnected cables away, you won’t generate as much heat as you would if the cable remains close to the bus bar in the connector since it would start arcing when it has a poor but still intermittent connection.
Me sitting with my overpriced 3090Ti with no worries except room ventilation, the power bill and water to stay hydrated during the heated gaming sessions.
Who else here knows Igor is smarter than Jay?
Unless you fuse all together there are no way to put 4 cables on 6 pins. That is a fatal design error, broken solder happen even on DIP IC's pins and you're not moving these. On the pictures the ext pins are separated, that made the card draw the full 150W from that but instead the center one giving that to 2 pins and having less resistance, here you're driving 12.5A on just one pin. There is 2 options, one is reinforce the union using a rod over the pins to keep it solid, two is use a FR4 PCB to make the union better instead rely on the pins and chunk of solder.
x4 series is the last series. People wont buy 1000W cards....lmfao
Nvidia - play(s) with PowA !!! :)
Your not going to replicate the results by cutting it off Jay, you need to keep the broken solder tab inside the connector, barely making contact AS IF it were just cracked, its the combination of high potential of current & wattage being forced to arc through a break in the metal tab, jumping through the air in the voids and ultimately carbon is allowed to form. This creates high resistance which creates high temperatures melting the connector plastics.
if the end pins are the components breaking connection and causing the centre pins to take the full load and generate heat... why are the end pins the ones melting?
Another thing to take into consideration with this is the position of the connector on the GPU itself. The position of the power connectors on most GPUs is horrible for any kind of cable management. The manufactures are just asking people flex the GPU power cables all sorts of strange ways, trying to hide them. With a long card like the 4090, why can't they just put the connector on the back of the card instead of the edge?
NV is obv learning from Apple how to make garbage stuff
I laughed at your comment about it being due to heat and not any kind of short in your last video. Like what a ridiculous comment lol. Also it's not that hard to recreate. It's because it was cracked but still touching likely creating random sparks or a lot of power put through a tiny point in which the break was still touching. You just went with it being completely separated.
suck ma DDDDDDDDD nvidia even though im using your 3070ti
They should have just came up with something that uses (2) 10ga wires on a xt-60 or similar plug direct from the PSU to GPU hookups, or the PSU itself into the card. Theyre trying too hard to adapt 20 year old standards with 3x the power draw of older cards, and to do it all in 1 single plug..... RCs use 12ga or 10ga and can handle an absolute asston of power reliably for long periods and in sudden bursts even
If the outer connections are the ones breaking, and the ones melting, it shouldn't be the load on the unbroken connection wires that's overheating. I would think the issue is arcing on the broken solders. Has anyone formulated a test scenario for internal arcing? It wouldn't be obvious since it's concealed inside the plastic housing.
"It's save Jay, we tested it bro, trust me bro, it wont melt bro, it just works bro" Nvidia is the last company I would ever trust when it comes to QA. Besides that, from an engineering point of view, soldering is fine if you expect no stress on the material via bending and plugging. The obvious solution to prevent parts breaking off would be a small encasing or longer hardsleeve to move the stress point further away from the solder points.
Corsair for the win!
I like the enthusiastic end to the video.
Still confused as to why they don't spec a a single heavy duty 2-pin connector with stranded 8AWG and call it a day...
Where do we get a power supply cable that will not melt and burn to replace the 4090 one from Nvidia
Nvidia taking a big L on this one
The suspect component seems more like a bus bar.
Figures, Intel got involved and suddenly the part stopped working correctly....
For all that power and money spent, this should not be something that's overlooked. We all know NV engineers knew of this, bc added some extra shrink wrap to resolve it. Instead of spending the money for a proper fix on a cheap plug, they now are going to have to spend real money for damage control. Get with the program team green. Shit like this is pushing so many of us to AMD. For the cost of the card, the consumer shouldn't be worried about shit like this. Never should've made it past R&D. This is going to hurt people and burn down homes.
I would be interested in seeing how many amps are actually being pulled through these cables, and if the affected systems are using extensions before the adapter. I've had several customers come into my shop with burnt alternator wiring after they install other loads in their vehicle. Just upgrading to a larger cable fixed it. Higher amps/watts over a longer distance creates more heat and requires a larger diameter wire. I'm really surprised they went to this design in the first place. I would be much happier looking at 4 giant connectors on the side of the card vs burning my house down.
I think the 30 series plug is also more robust because the pins are probably crimped to the end going into the connector...a crimp is more reslient, IMHO, under bending loads than a solder joint. Just an opinion.
How can companies make these insanely complex products that have billions of transistors and other crazy technology and fuck something up so seemingly simple?
From my limited understanding, NVIDIA's spec is for the wires to be crimped to its corresponding pin rather than being soldered which, with enough heating and cooling cycles, can break. A properly crimped connection is way stronger than a soldered connection.    In the 3D Printer space, people get mad at manufacturers that cheap out and tin wires that get screwed into terminal blocks on PSUs rather than using a ferrel connector that's properly crimped.
Kirchoff's Law , that simple
meanwhile my gtx 1660ti draws a max of 80W
LMAO Nvidia dabbing ond the 1%, love to see it
Open test bench air con blasting.... put it in a case with poor airflow, glass side panel... no air con... 100C easy.
Soldering those pins ... the person responsible for that design deserves to be fired and never hired again by any manufacturing or engineering company.  Lucky me, I'm making my own cables. The 12VHPWR connector is just ~3-4 bucks (incl. 2 sets of crimp terminals), the crimp tool ~50, and wire. I'd also definitely make my own adaptor cable if I couldn't get my hands on a new PSU with proper cables.
but how can unpluged pin gets that hot he is amp free dont know no V no A meabe to tin conector
Why have 8 power outputs, but only supply 6 inputs? All these problems to save the literal pennies to have 2 more cables. After the last 2 years of record-breaking profits, their ON RECORD market manipulation tactics, shady distribution practices - It's no wonder EVGA cut ties.  As a person who spent a LOT of time on 12 volt systems doing competitive car audio, anything pulling more than 500 watts NEEDS thicker cabling if only to dissipate any heat that will occur. Regardless of the run. If those cards are pulling 1400+ watts, I wouldn't trust ANYTHING less than 4awg, best case would be 0/0 from source to source and 8awg pin connectors. Running through all those adaptors is also just introducing more points of failure, and is dropping the signal efficiency.
Shame.....Shame.....Shame.....Shame.....Shame.....Shame Hey AMD, come over :)
Your interpretation is incorrect, about the cause being the soldering. As you pointed out several times the sideband/sense wires are useless, the problem is caused by bad design which makes the sideband/sense wires useless. High power lines should also never be soldered; as solder joints are known prone to failure. You would never solder the connector directly to the power supply you use a crimp because the solder can creep causing an arching situation which can cause a fire. Bad solder joints are a normal fail condition and should be expected.   This was clearly a full auto foot shoot. Sense wires designed to be senseless, Check. Using solder joints where crimps are called for, Check. Bad implementation of solder joints which fails, Check. Brrrrrrap!
Its fucking bullshit that 4000 series card dont work with DP 2.0
“It just works” also catches on fire.
Middle two cables are splitting to two per cable and side cables only to one. No need to bend, still unequal power distribution.
This channel is so great. Filled with useful information for the average Joe.
glad i did not buy that rubbish
Embarrassing for such a premium product
once it runs a for period of time the contacts that are made will heat up as they pass too much current, then the melting starts
This is so stupid! I think, it's not even, that there is just 4 wires for 8 pins, but that they are soldered! Basically every other connector in a PC is crimped - and that includes SATA-Power connectors that have like 6 pins connected to a single wire (ground). Crimped connections don't get cracks! From the images I would say that the metal could be thicker, but the main cause for the problems are the solder joints. Just crimping the wires to the connector would probably get rid of 90% of the problem... Solder joints are not meant to be mechanically strong - crimped connections are! By the looks of it, the Corsair cable has (most likely) crimped connections, making it even better.
Consequences of marketing era. If marketing dept says to save on wires and plugs, enginnering team should have balls and privileges to say “gtfo and save on something else”.
I hope my Lian Li GPU power RGB cables don't enhance the issue 🤔 lol
Igor find..😐😐😐
so happy to sse ppl spent thousands on this card and then it burns, well, at least it warms the house acoording to the price of gas
My problem with it is, if there's 8 wires coming in, WHY DIDN'T THEY USE 8 BIG PINS INSTEAD OF 12 FLIMSY ONES? That would also mean crimping instead of soldering.
"he didn't even noticed it until he pulled it out, and that's where the danger comes in. So what Igor found was that it's not bending it up and down this way that is much of a problem, witch's what I was trying to do. It was side to side bending like this.." Sorry just working on my next novel.
Been watching your channel for years now. Great job on the cables. Who would want to constantly have the worry, everytime the computers on, that it might burn up...4090 is going from $2600-$3600....out of stock from the very moment it was released. Same old bull shyte from nvidia. Hope amd has a great, cheap, very available answer to nvidia.
nvidia is going to start packaging rocks in their boxes and still argue everything is fine
Great material man.  To me: This is bullshit. Manufacturers are making worse solutions to PC eq. replacing with them things which works fine and have good temprature separation.  Instead of aluminim gold or platinium could work better and more efficien but also there is a price factor. And again the price of the latest techs isn't low.   To me: market at this moment works a bit like this:  What's the problem ? Producer will burn your card for couple hundreds of bucks by the propably cheapest solution sold for higher price... You've burned it. Buy a new one.
Too much heat obviously, doesn’t take a scientist to figure out why something carrying power melts
Corsair’s cable ✅
The mere fact that many plugs are reduced to a single plug should have been the warning.  Dozens of apartments and houses have burned down like that.
Hi, I hope somebody can show this superb video to Nvidia, I'm glad I kept my msi 3080
They look like cold solder joints.
the rubber must be keeping it close enough to produce an arc. that inside of a rubber housing might be generating heat, which can't dissipate. heat melts the connector. which is somewhag weird if you consider that what's actually melting is the header. so my hypothesis might be proven wrong.
Whaaaa doooo heckkkkk?
Oh c'mon, solder these wires directly to the pcb, problem solved. ;)
Why on earth are they using solder here? If it can move, crimp it!
LMAO. Paying 2000€ to get this fire-hazard is beyond stupid. Cheap out on build materials to earn extra 20 cents for your shareholders is consumer milking per excellence
so until now i thought a pcie port was 150watts max, now corsair has a 2 8pin to 1 16pin for 600w? am i losing something? the 150watts limit was only the cable and not the port? if so, what's the theoretical limit of the port? my gx850 focus gold plus from seasonic has 6 ports that are 8pin both for cpu and gpu, would this corsair cable work? or 300w per 8pin is not supported? thanks
When having problems with wiring and resistance and stuff BURNING, ask Mehdi from ElectroBoom
Let them keep their 450-600 W cards if there are silly problems like this. Pay thousands of dollars for a PC and have it burn down because of a cable? No thanks. Also, I think it's only a matter of time before the climate nuts discover this and start limiting GPU TDPs :D
Well maybe this is reason why high power connection are crimped and not soldered on cable level...
in this kind of situation, heat is created by a bad connection, i.e. a pad or wire that has cracks or is broken, still making contact, but barely so and which would dramatically increase resistance. same as a domestic distributor box with loose wires/screws .
Honestly. I still don't understand why engineering around connectors that supply power has become so weird. Apple put the high voltage pins right next to low voltage data pins in a bunch of mac books since 2010, IMO pushing 200w through USB-C is also pretty iffy, an now they came up with this hare-brained idea to put a bus-bar on the connector. If you look at the power-side of the old style PCI-E power they would bus individual lines together on the card, where the user was far less likely to break stuff. Why a bus-bar on the connector in the first place? I can't imagine the tooling for stamping out sheet-metal with complex-ish geometry vs a machine that slots in individually pinned cables into a connector is going to make a financial difference in the long run.
They're failing because Ohm's law. It's that simple.
In fairness Igor had hacked and slashed his connector. Jay you had taken more care dismantling the plug. These plugs do meet any safety standards for such high currents. They all need recalling. Every single one. Green should know better
its probably heating up the outside pins because they break but still rub but because its not a good connection like it being soldered or crimped it would heat up that way, you probably couldn't recreate the fault because you were just cutting it right off, but in reality its still left there to connect and disconnect from rubbing.
this needs a factory recall, NVIDIA is a trash company and wont fix this safety hazard.
I see a lawsuit coming. Ngreedia got greedy again lol!
I’d like to personally congratulate Jay on his ability to absolutely not look smug when, in fact, he should look smug as f***!
Overload on the cable / connector...  Rtx 5090, built in psu 🤣
Ever seen what happens to battery lugs in cars if you forget to tighten them down and then attempt cranking the engine? Still has a connection but has a high resistance...if you then attempt to crank the motor...well the post got hot enough that it got soft and the brass lugs the brass lugs embedded themselves in the post of the battery and the cable insulation started melting...I suspect that cracked solder joints being held in place by the rubber mould and still making a connection but with a high resistance are causing this issue.
The thing is, most users are not super users. They won't check what to avoid with their videocards, also how not to break the cables, because they are not electricians, but just wnat to see them pretty... Also nVidia has covered his ass already with the Mounting Instruction, so noone should expect a recall on this, and not even an apology from them, because it will then create a panic and AMD would win the next buyers.
Trying to push 600W / 12V = 50Amps through such a small connector is going to give you problems. Why are they doing this? saving a few cents on a card that costs this much?
evga would build a pcp with 4,  8Pins connectors and solve the problem... rip EVGA 😥
If i understood this correctly - take the plug, cut it open, desolder the combined cables and resolder dedicated cables to each single pin should do  the trick?
Who in their right mind decided to solder a high stress, high current connection, rather than crimping it?!
This is something I'd slap together to make a prototype work, the fact they're using this as a commercial product makes me scream. Soldering braided cable to cable-mounted connectors is not a robust solution.
Personally the whole design is stupid I think.
NVIDIA revenue for the twelve months ending July 31, 2022 was $29.738B yet a piece of metal is breaking inside the adapters.  Is there something wrong with this picture?  If somebody died from this situation like a house or apartment burn down, MAN NVIDIA is going to have a very bad day.
It makes no sense that if the outside wires fail and send all of the current down the internal two wires, that would make the outside wires melt/burn. If there is no current, there can be no burning/heat. It would all be concentrated in the middle pair. I have vast knowledge of high current connections and can tell you with 100% confidence that the black burning is arcing. It can only occur on a loose connection or one that is broken with a very small distance for the arcing to occur. If the connection is solid, arcing cannot happen. bending the wires close to the connection will cause arcing. You need to test this over hours, not a few minutes. Arcing might not occur for a good while after installation as it could work a little loose and then cause the problem.
This connector has got to be why EVGA pulled out. They had made engineering samples of the 4090, they probably figured this out in thier labs. My guess is they wanted to use traditional power connectors and nvidia said no.
imho, even putting that plug right in the middle of the cooler where the hot air exits is also not good for that plastic. So it's getting hot from inside and outside
Break it off but leave it still lightly touching. The resistance will shoot up leading to extra heat.
with a card this f-ing long and this f-ing wide, why are we still putting the damn connector where it is! I imagine many cases fit the card but not the connector between it and the side panel.  You could rotate the connector and have it face straight up when conventionally mounted in a case and have no clearance issues, little bending required OR When vertically mounted it faces the MOBO, still i think it would be rare to have a clearance issue in this configuration.
That explanation sound wrong, it does not matter how many wires coming in to the connector if the problem is melting on the gpu side of the connector. The middle wires have 2 conductors each to the metal strip and the outer 1 each, on some photos it looks that all 4 wires are touching each other. My guess is for this to take effect the outer wires might brake of the metal strip and act independent, instead of 75W per pin you might have 112.5W on single pin. We can make some assumption on to what the effect will be of this scenario by using Joule heating formula I*I*R, as we dont know what R value is lets just put X instead. For normal operation 6.25A per pin the result will be 39X and for fault one at 9.37A it will be 87.8X that mean that the heating of single pin will be increased by 225%. Way more logical then a simple solder failure that wont change the pins conduction at all.
Couldn't Nvidia make a more rigid, durable housing for the connector Oh yeah and toss in a 90 degree bend version
First cheap thermal pads, now connector... Next generation hope they just explode... Would save us some time
the issue from the start it is a badly designed power connection to draw that much watt just for 12 pin. u buy 1600$ for this end user cable... wow
Solder breaks, increase load probably causing arching, this melting the plug with it
The 'piece of metal/foil/pcb' is called a busbar. Should be a bit more of a bar though, clearly
Flimsy
Everybody is wrong... I think. The overheating looks like it is occurring at the end of the connector where the plug makes contact with the jack.  I think it is more likely the issue that was detailed by PCI-SIG. Why? 1. The melting isn't occurring at the foil 2. In a multi-contact current path, breaking a single path or a flakey single path increases the resistance which means the current increases along the other paths.  That means the inner conductors would need to break for the current to increase the current to the outer current. I doubt the inner conductors are breaking on  that foil given their mechanical position. 3. The molding looks like it is acting as a strain relief. It looks like most of the stress is being seen by the molding AND most importantly being seen by the joint between the jack and plug where the actual melting is occurring 4. It's definitely not arcing. That requires a large voltage delta which only occurs when there is a break between all 12V connectors to the foil.  If conductor A breaks, conductors B, C, .. all keep the voltage roughly at the same level on the foil as conductor A. This isn't a situation most of us are used to when you take car battery leads and tap them against the battery terminals and see sparks.  In that case there is only one point of contact and you are making and breaking it. My opinion: it is a strain issue with bending but the overheating is at the jack and plug connection points which is where the melting is occurring. I think all the conductors are not making good contact at these joints in the bad situation.  The outer conductors are making the best contact for some reason which means most of the current goes through these contacts then it overheats and melts
SO igor lab found and are saying the same thing as cablemods has been saying no bending sideways only up or down.
You shouldn't be able to pull that cable off like that.. the soldering on the cable is sub standard...
Gotta thank these rich kids for beta testing everything 🙌
These adapters and cables were never intended to transmit such absurd amounts of power to a f*cking graphics card, that's just ridiculous. They shouldn't make bigger cables but instead make more reasonable hardware again. At least I refuse to use a graphics card that requires the same power as an electric heater just to run a game more fluid and costs more than a whole high-end computer not that long ago.
It must be arcing! Ummm no. We can explain how these particular pins are heating up using Ohm's Law.  R = V/I, I = P/V or I = V/R  Power consumed can be calculated with: P = V/I or P = IIR or P = (VV)/R  For 600W power draw, the current is 600/12 = 50A. We have 6 x 12v pins on the 12 pin adapter so each pin is carrying 50/6 = 8.33333333A. For 12v to push through 50A the total resistance across the GPU 12v rail is 12/50 = 0.24 ohms. Given we have 8.33A per 12V pin the resistance per pin calculated using R = V/I is 12 / 8.33333333 = 1.44 ohms.  The pins are in parallel so we can check this by calculating the parallel resistance using 1/Req = 1/R1 + 1/R2 ... 1/R6. 1/1.44 + 1/1.44 + 1/1.44 + 1/1.44 + 1/1.44 + 1/1.44 = 4.166666667 = 1/Req Req = 1 / 4.166666667 Req = 0.24 ohms  Note Ohm's law is always true so as power draw decreases, the total resistance seen at the GPU 12 pin connector increases dynamically. The opposite is also true, as power draw increases, the total resistance seen at the GPU 12 pin connector decreases dynamically.   Now Ohm's laws also states that voltage drops proportionally across resistors in series, with each resistor dissipating the proportional amount of power. For example, if we have 12v across a resistive load of 2 x 1K ohm resistors, the total resistance is 2K ohm and using I = V/R, we are drawing 12/2,000 = 6mA.  Next let's calculate the voltage drop across each resistor using V = IR. For R1 0.006 x 1000 = 6V For R2 0.006 x 1000 = 6V  Now calculate the power in Watts dissipated by each resistor using P = VI. For R1 6 x 0.006 = 0.036W For R2 6 x 0.006 = 0.036W  Total = 0.072W (72 mW)  Let's check this by calculating the total power draw for the circuit using the law P = IIR (commonly called I squared R). 0.006^2 x 2000 = 0.072W   So what is happening in this connector? When an outside solder joint is broken, resistance is introduced into the joint and let's assume this is 0.2 ohms. This cracked joint resistance is in series with the pin's resistance at the card connector. Now let's do our Ohm's Law math and consider this new resistance.  As per the above calculations the pin resistance is 1.44 ohms. Total resistance including the cracked joint is 1.44 + 0.2 = 1.64 ohms. Total current draw is 12 / 1.46 = 7.317073171 The power dissipation across the cracked joint can be calculated using P = IIR 7.317073171^2 * 0.2 = 10.707911957 Watts.  10.71 Watts dissipated by a pin with no cooling! The pin is dissipating so much power it is heating up and baking.  The whole PCIe 5.0 12VHPWR cable spec is utter madness. I honestly don't understand why 12v power to modern GPU's is not delivered using a single pair of 6mm 50A power cables with crimped terminals and Anderson type connectors.
What i don't get as an electrical engineer we solved this problem in like the 70's. Higher power requires thicker wires and radial connectors. This looks like me as form over functionality and as an engineer it makes me sad.
4090 is the gpu version Cyberpunk 2077, lol
As nice as the connector looks, it was just a bad idea to reduce it as much as they did. I'm almost positive that if the connector was 1.2 - 1.3, or better yet 1.5 times bigger, it would never have had this extreme of an issue. Simple fix, increasing the connector size that 25-30% right away, it should still fit the spot on the card, with the hope of seeing up to a 50% increase in the future. By increasing the size, I do mean it's internals (the foil distribution block the wires are soldered to), not just the plastic connector itself. Hell, why even use the distribution foil, when 1:1 wire to pin worked the first time.  it was just a really bad design. anyone (engineer wise) should know that reducing the mass of a circuit at any point creates a "hot spot" with a higher resistance. add to the fact that it's a "flexible" circuit, even if they mold any part of it, which in itself creates a stress point in the "flex" of said circuit, any "connection" or solder point becomes a weak point in the flexibility also. (and because is a "flexible" circuit is also why it's stranded, not solid wire).
Just a copycat with zero knowledge.  Lol
it's mind boggling why they don't just ship busbar pcb with 4 old plug in one side and 1 new plug on other side
Root cause is generally not achieved until the issue can be repeatedly reproduced.
so out of the 1000s of cards maybe a dozen had some bad soldering? i mean it sucks for the ppl who got burning cards and i agree nvidia could/should do better ... but lets take a moment to appreciate that that this issue affects less then 1% of the 1% who can afford a 4090
WHY are 90'degree connectors not a thing? You could go 90 degrees up or left or right, whatever, then the wires would be 100% straight, no stress.
Hello sir please reply please 🥺  I build a new pc Ryzen 9 5900x with 3070ti , 32gb ram , 850w power supply... Pc runs smoothly but when i open a game i only can play less than a hour pc automatically restart... Please tell me why  (not overheating)
So depending on what solder they used also has different melting Temps if you have the wires at a 90°bend and Temps get hot enough I would think it would pull the wires away or create weak thin points.
my guess is that the loose connection will create some small sparks in between the plate and the loose connector. this creates a lot of heat. that would be enough to melt the plastic.
Hey does anyone at all know what the hell do when installing windows 11 and it not showing any option for wifi connection. Ethernet or wifi. Ive tried like several videos and i cant figure this shit out
where can i get the corsair replacement cable?
And this guys, is why we don't use solder in cables that carry high amps. Also, we don't use thin foil to make a joint.
and all because they're trying to cheap out on the connector
Electric arc as its  dc can give high temps to melt stuff
Don't buy anything from NZXT, especially anything that has RGB
OHH see what going on.. done right way lol
never had this ever happen ever.. ran shit hard to
The far more important question is why is NVDA stock melting.  Losing nearly 70% of your value in less than 12 months is a far more important issue than melting a few cables, killing a few users, and blowing up a few apartment buildings.  People don't understand, NVDA is the greenest company on the planet.  It's ALL ABOUT THE GREEN.  And they can't even get that right.
Nvidia be like: "Oh we're just necking down 32 wires into like 12, what could possibly go wrong?"
every day that pases the evga pull out makes more sense
Think about the conditions the cards are in. HOw well is the cooling of the case? you tested this outside of a case in which heat escapes into the air, not trapped inside a case and bunch of wires and more.
"Pretty safe" is not the minimum required but my insurance company to cover fire damage, I can assure you that. That's a lawsuit waiting to happen
none of this matters. If your cable can't bend side to side without melting / catching on fire, somebody fucked up and it's not designed / built properly. Fucking ridiculous. I will never buy another NVIDIA card ever again after all of these nonsense the past few months.
Seems obvious to me that this is 100% a quality problem. This can only be the manufacturers problem to solve
anyone in industrial electronics / actual electronics in cringing hard over this whole fucking thing. I honestly don't know how nVidia fucked this up so bad.
Thats what you get when you make a cable with a life of 30 plugins...its design to be fragile...and that means you will have many defects in the market because of its fragility.
funny how people aren't instantly put off by the idea of "smart" psu   have people considered the idea of the device that consumes power communicating with the device providing power is not "smart" its dumb.
Adding my "two cents" and coming from a place of relative ignorance, wouldn't a real world test be persistent gaming over a lengthy period of time, and all components being in a case which would contribute to a slightly higher level of temperature  when in operation?  Again, I am just throwing out additional factors which could possibly contribute to the failure.
anyway...its no issue for all atx3.0 specs and cables...no fire or smoke ...people need to invest newer psu since everyone at 2.53 atx are about to go next year that everyone should be moving to atx3.0 by next year....evga and everyone psu makers are moving forward to next version ....2.53 been great for last 5 years and its getting very old as the one before it that nobody should have obsolete 4 rails power hogs is very not efficient  anymore
that definitely should have 6 wires out, and then crimped and shrink tube to 4 wires outside of the connector
And this is why i chose a rx6600xt
i almost guessed it lol .
why are people bending a cable sort hard it breaks solder is my question?I get it...but at same time really dont lol
nvidia cable should not been bridge by solder points ...cable mod and corsair and seasonic are not solder point ...its dangerous when solder together as jay says...every wire are independent crimp in 14awg for 3rd party ...cause they professional cable makers and psu makers that goes by specs and rules...nvidia never made psu or understand how it work
You are really showing your age in this video pal!
We're collectively learning how *not* to create cheaper private spacecraft.
You could probably just 3D print a support to keep the wires from moving left or right.
And did anyone get paid for troubleshooting this for nvidia? Think of how many man-hours the company saved.
Would very much like to stop using the adapter and have it replaced with a proper cable if I only knew where to find one...
Solid wire is good for high voltage. High strand count wire is good for high amperage.
When 3rd party are making better cables than the official branded one then there needs to be discussions.
Wow. I can't believe they can't figure out how to make this right.  So easy to fix. Just need to redesign the board so the connectors fit on and then the cable has a strain relief tie down.
Honestly, I have wondered this for YEARS, but this is making me wonder even more why graphics card manufacturers continue to put the power connectors on the outside of the card.   They could be easily reversed to face the rear of the case without increasing the size of the card, eliminating the need to tightly bend the cables for making it look nice (or fit at all), and similarly, make it look better, because you won't have wires coming out the most visible part of the card.
Bruh Nvidea is the best testing 12 Pin connector with 3090ti sucessfully and then doing it differently anyway with 4090 😂
can you use coesair extended cable on a non corsair PSU?
And to think, you start a crack in the connection you can start getting arcing... that can cause a lot more than just melting.
Intro music vibe confused me for a second lmao
Nvidia needs to find a way to cater to YouTubers. This bad press isn’t doing them any favors.
As an electronics engineer this is really useful to learn from. Had to deal with poorly manufactured cables in the products i develope at work after our purchase department decided to save some bucks. I even implemented an automated cable tester that we use during final assembly of our products.
Well done Jay your channel views are smashing it...!
so basically is a nvidia issue and them should replace the cables with ones that are better designed
Its not a defect its just a shit design. 🤦
The original cable or pin spec are not created to deliver 600Walts , The NV design department failed in something very basic
That is the dumbest design for a plug for that much power I have ever seen... jfc...
If it is the back part of the connector at the solderpoints, the melting of plastic would be in that spot and not at the tips.
I wouldn't have a solder joint on a cable like this. I bodged together a work light using an LED lightbar for a car and a 12V PSU in a weatherproof box, using the classic XT60 connectors for the cabling, including an extension cable. These XT60 connectors are soldered like these adapters, however, they solder into a cup on the back of the contact in the connector weather than a flat plate. I'm crap at soldering them so they routinely break. I got tired of repairing them and switched to Anderson Powerpole connectors which have contacts that crimp to the wire instead of being soldered and I've not had to repair them since.  I feel like the soldering of the wires to the connector is a major weak point, they should be crimped somehow IMO.
This is so funny, what everyone is looking for a problem where it's not. But where is resistance, there is heat. If connector is melted, so it has high resistance, low connection. Nothing with a bending a cable or broken joint inside, because it will be melted there. Case closed.
I don't understand why the big companies like nvidia don't use the resources available to them like Jay, gamers nexus etc to test new technologies in the wild. Every issue on components have been found by the community and recreated by various people. The only time the big companies listen is when it becomes a huge safety issue and are most of the time physically forced to address the issues.  Great video again
What NVIDIA has done wrong: 1.Never solder a wire terminal unless there is a solid base or an interface (like a PCB).  The copper becomes brittle and it can break easily if bent 2-3 times, especially if thin sheets are used like in this case. 2.The way they choose the power rating using that extra pin header is a bit gimmicky. There is not an "active" way of determining the power rating of the PSU or the quality of the connection. 3.There is no input voltage monitoring. Assuming the GPU is drawing a constant power (~300W). Excluding the efficiency, let's say at 12V, 25A are needed. If the voltage on the  12V line drops to let's say 10V at the input of the card due to bad contacts/interrupted traces, to deliver the same power, 30A are required this time. Basically, it's a runaway situation: the connector heats up, the voltage drop increases, the drawn current increases. So, by monitoring the input voltage, this runaway situation could have been prevented. VRMs do their best to deliver the same power required by the GPU.  4. The connector itself looks cheaper than a typ. PCI-E connector. At this price point they could have done a more elegant solution having 2 PCBs: one dedicated for typ. PCI-E power connectors (a small one) interfaced with the main PCB; or a totally new connector (similar to XT60).
Hilarious how YouTubers are doing a better job at journalism and product repair than media and mega corps.
Great explanation. I wonder if installing a thermal sensor could help. That would have to tell the card to go to the lowest power setting and at least alert the user by slowing down fps.
Run it inside a case and not on a testbench..
nope wrong, and that is not how electricity works. its the crimps. the female part has a slit interface and if u bend it a bit and u get a to low contact pressure and that will create a hot spot. this hot spot will melt the plastic.  but how can removing half of the wires melt the pins? halving of the wires will make them 4 times as hot. but the wires are not melting. if the heat is generated by the bridge inside how com it melts at a different spot and not the hot spot?  i have American and European certificates for crimping connectors. im also IPC certificates in soldering.  i make tester and test equipment for PCBA and final products. as u know connectors have a maximum number of cycles. we exceed the numbers on the daily because most crimps don't have a high wear resistend model. testing 10.000 units with a internal proprietary connector with a 5 time plug and unplug limit will make u cry. making a connector that fits with crimp that can handle 500 to 5000 cycles is one of the things i do.  the crimp are bent open just a bit so that the contact point is very small. this make a intenser hot spot that melts the plastic. al they need to do is use high spec crimt that will stay in the correct shape after the have bin bent to the limit the plastic housing to allows. make the space the crimp contacts can move smaller or make the crimp out of minutely thicker material and have the fingers spring back without permanently deforming. a different finger design may also work.  just today i replaced machined crimps that cost 5.50€ apiece in a clean-room for ASML testing rigs. that connect to our in-house developed test machinery. it can see the differences between a B40 and a C40 type circuit breaker by the resisters ramp-up because of the current.  i know connectors.
Dude that plug is jack shit... That's not how you make multi supply plug .. wow BS !!
When the community does more R&D than Nvidia themselves, that's just pathetic.
I buy a MSI RTX 4090 trio, the connector is only 3 to 1, I have corsair hx1500i power supply no problem so far, but sorry I think it a fake new 🙂
Dude your torso is so massive and your forearms‘ dimensions are absolute intense, you have the apperance of a grizzly bear! I am flabbergasted and impressed. Unreal
this is just my theory, I believe it to be true where you have cracks in the solder joints but what I believe what really is happening is arcing from point a to point b is what causes these things to melt or even explode into flames. It's the same as if you were to take a Molex connector and plug it in while the system is running, there is a 1/5000 chance you'll experience an ark, that number also varies on the build quality of the power supply. I understand where you are coming from since the two solder joints break on the end first the now new load on the inner pins causes it to overheat and then melt, which is possible but the burn marks on the two outer pins that are making a bad/ no connection so that is what leads me to think that arcing between the solder cracks is what really is going on.  for a better example would be a dead man switch or better known as a mechanical electrical safety switch.
I would guess the problem occurs when there is a crack on a pad, not a complete break.
Will people learn their lesson now not to fuck with this bogus ass company
This is a great video series.  I am going to show this to my physics classes when we get to circuits.
I'm sorry, I like your content 99% of the time, love your builds, trust your reviews and whatnot. BUT THERE REALLY ISN'T ANY REASON WHY THIS IS 15 minutes lone and by 4 minutes you've repeated yourself as many times as there are pins on that connector. It's super hard to follow, I guess I'll just wait for LTT's video where they use writers. That'll be like 4 minutes long and then stretched to 10+ minutes via demonstrating and manufacturing the failure. Edit: I was reading the other comments and I did want to say one thing positive in a sea of negative; I do love your channel since you do look out for the average consumer, and you are passionate about this issue, not only because you personally experienced it, but know that the average person even if we all wrote angry letters to nVidia would most likely not be heard, and need a conduit to these companies that forgot it needs us customers to succeed. Since I doubt their Quadro line is paying enough of their bills on their sales alone.
Considering the cost of these cards that plug looks really micky mouse.
Also positive and negative isn't separated by solid plastic like the other standard connectors. No matter how safe they say this is but the risk of potential short circuit and fire is not impossible. Show this connector to an electrician and ask what they will think. Someone who work with high current DC systems like Solar. Then you'll know how dangerous is this. People think DC current is safe but DC is the most dangerous when it comes to arcing/fires.
to make it short, nvidea tried to cut cost with a sub-par power connector on a card they sell for $1500 plus and it backfired!?
what is crazy is how much juice is involved with this. not just some samsung phone charger kind of power.. this could have gone so much worst for A LOT of people.   thankfully lives and no doubt, many, many builds will be saved from a firey death with this coming to light so quickly.
I'd love to see it sanded down with a belt sander.
heh. dammit intel. see i could see this still working, they jsut need to scale the gpu side of the adapter. or coul'dve just went with the 3x8 :/
Igor's the man.  No second opinion
just pour ln2 on it
Honestly given that nearly everyone twists to the side to route the cable shows that it is insufficient testing by review board that approved it since most testing is done on open frame it doesn’t replicate real world cases , further regarding the standard no case has the bend clearance to accommodate the 3.5 cm clearance , I understand why they chose to do it but there should be a higher grade of cable or better be found on the bottom of the card recommended it shouldn’t have been approved that way that’s why I will follow amd this gen instead
So they just jerry rigged there old male connector to connect with the cords. It's Nvidia like is it that hard to make up a new connector. One that idk only has 4 or has 8 for better heat dispersal. I know these yearly graphic cards are how we keep growing, but I'd rather wait the extra 6 months to manufacture new connectors and ports
Jay you thought about short circuits when something has micro fractures? that could end up in extreme heat
The thing is what none is talking about:  Why are we making video cards which use this much power!? Surely (and i emailed @LinusTechTips as a potential video idea here) how about we make a PC which uses *LESS* power but delivers what we need in terms of performance power!? Think Apollo 13 but for gaming PCs, thoughts ?
its 600W of DC arcing in there becouse of a bad connecting.. you cant replicate that if you just cut a wire.. there is a small bit of contact in the connector  and thats what does it...
Sounds like having a modular power supply with a cable designed specifically for this GPU is the way forward. Chances are good you would want a new power supply rated to deal with the power draw of a 4090 if you are upgrading the graphics card on an existing system anyway.
What F- for an excuse for e-engineer designed this? o0
true but we all splitting hairs here, CONNECTOR TOO SMALL
Using the 12vhpwr straight connection (one cable...no splitting cables) which comes with the psu atx3.0 support will not cause this issue..Dont use the adaptor with 4 splitting cablez which came with gpu.
At the end of this video Jay recommends to not use the adapter/splitter cables that come with a 4090. Is the cable he is holding right at the end one made of 2 x 8 pin PCIe to 1 x 12 pin ? Sorry if this is a stupid question.
So the long and the short of it is "The 12VHPWR adapter is a piece of s**t. Don't use it." It reminds me of opening a "surge protector" and finding 6 outlets soldered together in parallel.
In a long run those connectors are no match to the old ones
11:49 I thought pornhub was playing.
I'm really tired of all these bait on Youtube. Nothing was proved here. Just people claming things without proper tests or results.
so it's a hack job of a connector for a ultra expensive card
poor connection is needed to create the heat. so wiggle until it loosens a lot but is still making some connection
Thank you Jayz and Igor’s Lab for keeping bringing the facts to the forefront. I’m sure Nvidia would love to keep a lid on this and deal with individual consumers making them think they got extremely unlucky. Canceling my order, I am not buying that card until Nvidia clarifies this mess.
1 step forward, 2 steps back to the fire - Nvidia, probably
Another example why overengineering is a complete crap.
Dollar Tree materials were used.
seen better looking dog shits
WTAF is with that soldering man???
Couldnt we just have kept using that original connector? They really didn't take *that* much space, and for sure wouldn't melt. Add a extra cable to run for the sense/talking stuff, and done. Also, we could have just stacked the 8pins. Or put them on the short side of the gpu, would be quite neat too. We have enough vertical height. Not to mention, maybe we should focus more on efficiency, then on speed/power for a while. I think now is the best time to do so.
How could they have fucked-up this cable design this badly?
Wow playing early adapter and buying an overpriced GPU that costs an arm and a legg, just to get your shit melting to fuck. Nice move nvidia! I'l buy the 4090 ti for half the price in about 2 years after you get this crap sorted thank you.
Idk why I'm so interested, they are all scalped and I'm not paying 2500 for a 1600$ item 😂😅
Looks like that adapter should be discarded and replaced immediately.
So yeah, the issue is indeed caused by the small form factor of the plug used. Had they gone with a bigger connector, build quality would play a much lower role in a potential fire hazard. I can already see plenty of third-parties launching better cable adapters... :D
Porsche builds the lines into the block. What if the MB just had the dang plug. It’s stupid you plug something in to plug stuff in to it.
I would say the heat comes from the electric arc when its broken of but very very close to the thin piece of metal.
Why didn't they make a single aesthetically pleasing cable with a 'U' plug for the GPU and connect somewhere behind the motherboard amongst the rest of the cables? Or make a GPU specific PSU with 1 cable?
I just find it shocking that a company with a lot of “smart” people thought that was a good idea.
The takeaway from all these videos, blog posts, and reviews is, DO NOT buy the NVIDIA 4000 series cards or any card for that matter that uses the PCIE5 12v cable.
For those interested in seeing what a loose conductor is capable of check out the mcb autopsy vids that big Clive does
The construction of this plug was not at all what I was expecting.
cold solder joint?
How hot does the old "working" style of connector get to, out of curiosity?
on thing you have not tested is you can get low melt solder and it means the solder will melt at a lower temp some take extreme heat to melt. example i have a solder that melts at 60c i use this as magic solder when you come up against an extreme solder that is hard to melt you can mix this in with it and clean it up very easy then apply your normal solder its possible the heat woud desolder the connector if they have used the wrong solder
It's amazing what a terrible design job this was. And not only mechanically, those pads are also way too thin, at max rated power they carry more than twice the current than what is generally considered the max for an uncooled copper conductor
I don't get it why they made 12pin connector with 8 wires. Why didn't they just made 8 pin connector so every wire has it's own pin in the connector? No foil, no soldering, no nothing.
Of course you won't be able to recreate in 40 minutes a problem that takes days if not weeks to happen with constant use. If you really want to burn one, the video will take at least one week to make.
So it is a bad design
6:10 the thing is, if that's the case where either side has come loose, the middle pins will be drawing too much power and heat causing them to melt, not the end ones surely?
If I understand correctly the sense wires only check the power supply side connection, because that adapter seems to have a unified +12v if even 1 pin is making contact the sense would report connection. (assuming the cables are plugged in)
Those NZXT monitors actually look awesome! Gonna check them out
NOW it all makes sense! That’s wild!
I prefer using all 16g wire for my custom cables
It has been my rule of thumb to not use adapters for power plugs for years, long before the appearance of 4090's melting down.  They always threw those splitters for MOLEX and PCI connectors in the box with GPU's and I've always instructed people not to use them. Get a PSU that has enough of the proper connectors for your hardware.  The adapters just allow naive users to create situations their hardware wasn't designed to safely handle.
@3:29 that is what happens when aluminum is used in any power draw
There's also the subpar female crimps they used inside the main connector. They're double-seamed instead of single-seamed as offered by the original OEM of the connector housing.
The issue is nvidia's dikcing your but
What's really sad is Nvidia's been doing this long enough to know better. Especially considering the outlandish price of these cards they should not be cutting corners anywhere...AT ALL! Nuff said...
time some after market adapters to come out and do direct pin to pin
My question is, if modern cards are going to continue to use more wattage, would it not be easy to just step up to 24v power supply and step down on card?
I would say that the problem is the soldering, not that there aren't the point to point connections. All psu connectors I know know of are crimped, all home and industry cabeling is crimped. All the 6/8/4(molex) pin power adapters I currently own have actual wire loops between some pins crimped. In high school (electronics) we were taught not to use soldering on high current, in mechanicaly stressed parts and in freezing conditions, but i have never saw actual solder connection to fail. I would guess, this is exactly why we were taught that... high current, soldered, mechanically stressed connection is failing in rate 1 per probably thousands or tens of thousands.
NVidia quality 😁
I sure hope the revised ones are made better.  Imagine spending all that money on a graphics card just to have a fault in its power cables burn the house down.  I am still haunted by memories of graphics cards being super overpriced in the last 2 years too.  Imagine having spent the money back in that "dark age" only to have that happen.  That would be beyond depressing!!
the fact that consumer GPU requires this ridiculus amount of power is criminal in the first place
The issue is the crack in the solder allows for contact, but considerably higher resistance, which disproportionately increases amperage and resultant heat through the cracked line. Instead of 600w/4, you get 1 line at 400w and 3 lines at 67w. That = cooked pins.
Paying 2000$ for setting your house on fire🤦‍♂️
6:00 - Then central pins would burn. So it's otherwise - side pins burs because they do not redistribute current over other pins and take all the current into single one. But then another question - what is the #$^p material connectors are made of, so they melt at just 100 C?
this could've been avoided if nvidia didn't put the power limit at 450 instead of like 350 to gain like 100 MHz
I cant believe on a 1700.00 card the connector is so dinky.  Talk about engineer stupidity.  No reason this connection should not have been significantly larger and more robust.
Wow,  Jay never gives up,  your right the standards holds up, just not the build quality.  Not moving to these new platforms until the quirks are figured out. These are the highest end, sure medium range will run alot cooler and be more reasonable
Once again Buildzoid seems to be the only one talking sense
Made in China?
It's absolutely nuts that they made this change, and didn't put a right-angle connector on the GPU end of the cable. That's a simple fix that puts all the critical connections in the rigid connector itself and likely costs fractions of a penny per unit to do...
The rubber sleeve is an insulator, shielding, building up, and redirecting the heat to the plastic.  All the metal is conducting the heat differently.  The plastic is the stuff most vulnerable and exposed to the outside.  Think of the metal like heat spreaders.
It might be even worse if the contact is breaking but still maintaining partial contact, because then you can have a VERY high-resistance connection between the two.
I fix old arcade games.  We call this cold soldier joints.  This is common and is due to the manufacturer not heating the connection enough to flow solder that will make a good connection.  Nvidia should recall all of these and issue new to anyone that wants one.
I got 22 wires going into my 6950xt and I have no issues.   I hope Nvidia recalls all their shit GPUs and cables and electricute themselves with them 🤣
if you are skilled with doing this you could just repin the wire your self from old connectors or spare ones from your psu open the pins up carefully and put the other ones in even lightly solder them after krimpin with no krimp tool but not to much or it wont fit i have done it before on even smaller connectors
Igor calls the thin metal plate a bridge
you can clearly see that this is not the right conclusion, you tore off 2 of the wires and nothing happened, other users have shown the pins being pulled out or twisting easily, there is multiple causes most likely
This is what happens when you ignore the basics of electrical engineering and forget about KISS. Nvidia went and made what should have been a simple solution, wire crossing before getting to the plug and instead came up with a convoluted in-plug bridge which is highly susceptible to flex wear and inept production techs and created a poor quality incandescent lightbulb inside the plug!
Seems like an arcing issue rather then just a cut wire maybe
I make cables for a living. This one connector multi tap is very very bad practice. 👎  It's like running an arc welder of a 13amp household plug and wondering why your power cord is burning hot, Nvidia needs shot! If this was at BSI british standards institute  they would laugh it out the door with an out right ban.😪
Strain relief is so important, and it's hard to do well, especially when users aren't gentle with connectors.
People need to stop throwing money at Nvidia. This company has demonstrated over and over that they will do anything to save a buck and screw over the consumer. There is zero reason a $1600 graphics card should have failure modes like this.
ROFL and you want to pass HOW much current through that janky-ass flimsy half-assed joke of an electrical joint?
I assume in older one they did crimp and not solder wires which is better most of cases too.
The burning truth: What happens when Nvidia tries to save a few cents on a connector cable ???
jesus, look at this fuckin garbage. who in their right mind thought something so shoddy would be sufficient? these things use hundreds of watts these days, so THATS how they chose to deliver the electricity? that thing looks like something a teenager would come up with. quite happy with my 3080, thanks. no 4 series for me, ill give them a year or two to get their shit together xD
They should of clamped the cables at the base to stop stress on the joint to begin with, just a good practice with making any connector
called a contact pad, solder joint location.
Why the faq didn't nVidia hired a friggin electrician to do their connectors? Why the faq you need those stupid connectors with gazillion of pins? You transfer a lot of amps on 12v wires. How hard is it? Make the wires thick enough beef the frigging connector. Stop bull-sit-in with your stupid flimzy connectors. You want to draw 600W peak Put a frigging solid connector with just 2 faqing wires. I don't give a stit how think it is. I don't care if it needs to be a 3mm diameter wire. Just stop the idiocy with 12 wires and 4 plugs and 4 adapters and what not!  Your VGA is now in washing machine territory STOP THE BS!! ..or we sue you for setting our houses on fire mo-fos!
Hypothesis, it's not the cable that's the issue. It's the pins inside the connector. If it's bent while connected, the connection surface is reduced to the pins in the GPU and resistance is increased a lot.
So is the Corsair cable OK to use for ALL psu's, or just corsair psu??
I feel like these 4090 power adapter videos are gonna accompany us on this channel for the next 8-10 years
"it would break or crack the joint..." yeah, joint would be an adequate description of this connection although "solder joint" is much more accurate.  You're absolutely right that creating a crack in the solder joint will increase the resistance (measured in ohms/Ω) at the compromized solder joint.  The photo from Igor's Lab looks like a cold solder joint meaning that either the solder, pad or wire did not some up to temp before removing the soldering iron.
Glad to see Nvidia bring back firewire.
Great video Jay! It was a pleasure to collaborate with Igor and contribute to the article.
Sounds like we need water cooling blocks for our power connectors now
I'm very curious how Nvidia will respond to all this. Surely they have to issue a cable recall at this point ...right?
LOL What even is this connector, are all those wires connected so that it is only one circuit?? why even make a connector with that many pins?? Why not just 4 beefy pins (V+,V-,Ground and Sense) ??
Whichever way you look at it, it’s crap quality.
So, we're better off with Custom Cables, yes?
yeah good luck finding a custom cable...
Nvidia's fix: Driver update to cap 450w.
the one from igorslab olmost looks like a cold solder joint
The Problem is not only to disconnect the wires, like you said, they tried it with 1400W and it only started to melt... the bigger problem is when there are tiny little remaining connections from the broken solder + the wires on the outside are only connected to 1 pin and the ones to most potentially brake off, thats why the melted ones on the outside. And thats also the most dangerous reason for cable burns in houses, when cables are not good enough fixed, but still have a little connection. Sry for my bad english
and you know wy they did it its less work to solder on the wires then to pin them
How is the wires not crimped, soldering DC power cables on the edge of a connector is just plain foolish, engineering 101 The reason is that solder is a very good electrical connection, but a very weak mechanical one eventually becoming brittle. If our company found that we would recall them all and change to a crimped only connection. At least its just the cables and not on the card side
This is why strain relief is so important. Crimps for connectors are better than soldering to a flat surface.  Crimp or solder cup pins really should be standard at this point. :|
I will never own a 4090, but I'm very invested in these videos hahaha
So.. is there a safer alternative? Which connector is safe to use for the 4090?
THEY NEED TO FIX THIS BEFORE I WILL BUY ANYTHING THAT USES THIS POWER CONNECTION !!!!!!!!!!!
who knew we could make so much content from a wire.
Wow
Is this the same for 3 wire cable? I have an msi non overclocked 4090
Let's cut to the chase:  Jay- WHAT IS THE SOLUTION (iow, can someone point users to 'correct' PSUs that DO NOT REQUIRE the use of Mickey-Mouse 'adapter cables' such are featured in this video?  It blows my mind that in 2022, PC hardware is STILL not 'bulletproof' in design!  Given that NVidia is putting out such monster 3-slot cards that require a small condo to house them, and using TDP numbers that make power utility companies wildly happy... where are the 'next gen' PSUs that have the proper number of connectors on them to safely operate such monster GPUs with NO FIRE DANGER!?
Main point: not buying NVidia untill they fix their crap is probably a good idea.
Could it be breaking then bridging over to another contact inside the plug forcing a potential arc or too much power going through one connector pad?
IDK, it isn't helping, but you would be amazed what that could handle. This comes down to a manufacturing/user issue. Just because there is added resistance, doesn't mean there is excessive heat built up. Remember there is loss in the wire too. And good cables are not just melting all over the place. It is about power density.
Jay, The plug is the result when you leave engineers unsupervised....
Could this be EVGA left left working with them?  maybe they had concerns and they wouldn't listen
Thanks for the video. Great stuff.
That's why you don't fix anything that isn't broken...they should have done something without changing the connector that worked for ages.
Man, I'd hate to see arcing between those outside wires and the connector when a tiny foil fragment that's still somewhat attached burns through.
A "cold" solder connection is definitely a problem. They are easy to break compared to a correctly "hot" solder connection and more prone to micro fracture causing resistance and current issues.
Hm... it's not disconnecting the wire completely ... it is its developing crack in it and have to deliver power using less of the surface ,or to say it's touching it but not attached ... like welding arc
Why are these cable and wire design so cheap and primitive? Isn't it time to re-engineer these wire connections? Instead of having 2 or 3 connection ports they jam all into one.
Okay another specialist here. WHY TO USE VOLTAGE SENSE WE WE NEED TO MEASURE CURRENT? WHY A SMALL CABLE TO A BIGGGER JUNKY CARD LIKE THIS ?
I have experience with soldering going back to the 80s and if cables are made where stress relief does NOT exist, then it will fail. You cannot design a cable to take stress where it depends on the solder itself to take the stress.  Back in the 80s we were taught to wrap the wire or crimp it then solder so that the stresses of the wire being pulled don't (over time) fracture the solder and break.  I was very surprised to see the wires just laying on top of a solder plane. That's a bad design.
I think the reason that you couldn't recreate the failure is that you completely removed the wire.  The melting is probably caused by a wire that is barely making contact and creating a high resistance connection.
Jayz determine to get to the bottom of this!
Watch Nvidia is still going to argue this and try to get out of responsibility for this design flaw, and in turn deny warranty for these cards and screw over their customer base.
Those wires should be crimped connections not soldered.
I'm not convinced.  By this theory, the outside wires are the ones that break, and if that's the case then the outside conductors aren't the conductors drawing the excess current --- so it should be the center conductors drawing extra current.  That would imply that the inner plastic keyguides would be the ones first to melt, but it's the outside keyguides that melt first.       But that doesn't make sense for another reason.  The inner conductors are already drawing half the current of the outside conductors by design.  There's no way that breaking an outer conductor would increase the current on the inner conductors sufficiently to cause a problem.      IMO opinion it's going to end up being resistive heating of the OUTER two contacts.      The way they built this connector, the inner four contacts are being used in pairs, but the outer two contacts are being used singly.      This contact is being used to draw 50 AMPS of current.  Over the four wires, that's 12.5 amps per line.  The inner two lines are transmitting those 12.5 amps across two pins each, or just 6.25 amps per pin --- but the outer two contacts are passing 12.5 amps each.      Resistive heating goes as I\^2\*R, and the contacts are rated at .005 ohms.  For the inner contacts At 6.25 amps, you get (6.25 amps)\^2 \* .005 ohms = 195 milliwatts of heat per contact --- and that's not too bad, even if they are all right next to each other.      But for the OUTER contacts, you have (12.5 amps)\^2 \* .005 ohms = 781 milliwatts of heat per pin!  And for a pin with no heat sink completely surrounded by plastic, that's actually a lot of heat!   Now let's add it all up --- 781 mw \* 2 + 195 \* 4 = 2.3 watts * 2 directions (power+ground) = 4.6 W of resistive heating when working *correctly* inside a small connector that is surrounded by plastic and has no effective cooling.    It's enough heat that I'd be worried about that connector even if it was exposed to nothing more than high ambient temperatures.      But suppose now that the connector isn't quite fully inserted, or is slightly oxidized, or has had too many insertion cycles applied, or the contact is bent.      If the effective connector resistance rises even slightly, the heat produced will rise linearly.  And the contact resistance is currently just .005 ohms.  If some small thing is causing the contact resistance to rise to, say .01 ohms, it's going to double the heat output to 10 watts.      Now suppose that it's the INNER contacts that fail, rather than the outer ones as proposed.  In THAT scenario, the current passing through the remaining three input wires rises to 50 amps / 2 leads = 25 amps!      Now on the outer wires we have (25 amps)\^2 \* .005 ohms = 3.12 watts PER OUTER CONTACT!  * 4 contacts = 12.5W and that is certainly enough heat to melt the plastic.      I strongly expect this is going to come down to two things: high case temperatures combined with an ever-so-slight increase in contact resistance or failure of the inner contacts.      If you want to force a failure, cut one to four wires going to an INNER pair of conductors on purpose to raise the current on the two OUTER conductors.  Then raise the ambient temperature close to what you find in a case and don't remove the insulating boot from the connector.  I'm pretty sure you'll see it melt.  Don't open it to cut the lines, leave it closed and thermally insulated.
so what is the safe solution ?
There's no way I will be using the adapter any time soon,  or a custom cable either,  I can't afford those rich people toys.
Actually Hardcore Overclocking is watching all these videos and losing his mind.
The funny part is that all of this would have been avoided with a 90 degree plug. 😆
A bridge is what that is called
I know the video is more than a few hours old but can we get some x-ray analysis of the connector and wire ends just after bending for a full picture of the failure? Would probably go a long way to diagnosing the highest probable failure points
Just let this sink in. Igor is the last generation of people in Germany who got a proper "German" apprenticeship. This level of quality is gone and never coming back since the USA/NATO destroyed the German economy over financing the most corrupt country in Europe: Ucraine and draining the fiancial assets of its populace while following through the economical masterplan of the "World Economic Forum".  Thank you NATO and everybody who made this possible by silencing any critics.
VOLCOM SHILL!!
Is it possible the broken cable is arcing.
So where is the IC that sits within the cable Nvidia talked about?
Hi Jay,  thanks for showing and explaining all that. Just a little side note... The plastic keys don't melt because of the heat of the 2 shared foils, but because of the heat of that cracked joint. There is still electricity taking that path, but since it has a high resistance it heats up way more than everything else.
Igor kriegt Yankeefame
I don´t get why we can´t just use the old connectors but 4 of them....
i know whats the issue here: nvidia ordered the adapter from apple
you are also doing this in an open air environment and not in a case witch 99.9% of people would use this in, just a thought.
I think Buildzoid's theory is more responsivity of the actual problem. As he said, the melting is occurring at the pin/socket in when it is inserted because the socket can be spread out by side loading the joint.
the fact it's solderd is a hell of a mess for a plug and unpluged device
well cutting 2 wires off matches Igor's two that broke off at the ends.
Why not improve on the connector standard before releasing something like this. Just stupid. Also those separated connections will arc and generate heat.
18 hours late and probably commented on elsewhere.  Quick way to check your cable since theyre bonded on one end, is to just measure the resistance pin to pin.   An open connection would mean one of the two set's you're testing are broken, check one with another to find out which.   You might also be able to find some in a pre-fail state where a random pin is having a high resistance(Which would give heat).
What if this was an elaborate purposely done defect by Nvidia so they can make people buy the rest of the 30 series cards so then they can subsequently "fix" the issue when the 30 series stock is low enough...  I do not believe my own conspiracy theory but you never know.
NVIDIA SHOULD BE SUED
As someone who used to play with high powered car audio back in my younger days, seeing all of these various  multiwire solutions for 12v power just seems so weird to me. I am just waiting for some company to build their own standard that just chucks something like XT90s on a PSU and graphics card with some 8 gauge power wires connecting them or something.   But, like seriously why wouldn't that work. XT90's will do 90a all day which at 12v is over 1000w. Why do we need anywhere from like 8-32 wires to do the job of two. I don't know maybe I'm just the crazy one. Seeing all these tiny pins being asked to carry so many amps just weirds me out... like I know the math theoretically works out just fine, but it seems unnatural.
I have never liked this cable, is just badly engineered, there should be an adapter between the PCI connectors and the GPU connector to smoothly transition the wires and deal with the cable distribution.  If you put that cable through an IPC standard, it won't pass
I'd say that a low quality connector can eventually lead to overheat. But here we are talking about a cable that works at higher temp than the gpu core. Thats not admissible not from an experienced company like Nvidia. Good copper cables can work at 70 celsius with no problem. Here i cannot see any copper. Engineering is not an opinion but facts. Mistakes may occur but Nvidia lost their clarity of mind. First the 3000 series drama that led to 4000 overpricing then 4080 12gb joke toward this melting problems. Nvidia what the hell did you smoke in there?? Melted cables?? They are playing us like fools for the sake of the income. They need money badly but this time they wont take mine.
I’m seeing post after post on Reddit with the adapter and port on card being burned in specific areas, this is a huge screwup by Nvidia, absolutely unacceptable design defect and reaction to it by them. Any layman who doesn’t know shit about PCs can even see that pushing that much power thru a tiny connector like that isn’t safe
That's a  $1598.95 card with a $0.05 power cable. /golfclap Nvidia. /golfclap
Love it. Don't fix what aint fucking broken. However, if it is broken, fucking fix it.
Having a long cable in the adapter before it splits would easily fix both the horrendous looks and the melting issues.
Hey Jay, You'll likely never read this but I appreciate all that you've done. You seem an honest guy and all the effort you put into this channel. I've been watching all your vids for quite some time and enjoy this tech far above all other tech youtubers around.  As there are a lot of negatives in the world.  Disregard those and keep pushing.  I'll still be here watching :)
i'll never get a card with that connector
Maybe it's not getting hot because it's not arcing electricity like it perhaps would in the tight quarters of the mould, and thus generating heat.  An electric arc may occur either in direct current (DC) circuits or in alternating current (AC) circuits.
Buildzoid disagreed but who is he....
With such a wide card, they couldn't redesign the power port to the back of the card? Hell put it by the I/O ports and give the card its own plugin where you plug it into the wall.
Social media tech wizards along with its worshipers youtubers are oracle today in field of technology, not the dumb engineers with degrees and years of experience, their opinions do not count. After few months of watching hundreds of those type of videos I came to conclusion it was the waste of time listening to some pop culture semi wannabe tech expert influencers. But also it was interesting sociological study so perhaps it wasn't complete waste. It gives you a pretty good perception where the market is now and how mostly non tech savvy customers feed their technology know how from. So next time I run the store and I want to convince someone to buy this or that I'll make sure I refer to one of those YouTube wizards, this will definitely put me in the right spot to sell.
Just to cut some costs on the wire. Copper be expensive
it's a rich man's problem! Never had this kind of problem on 800W power supplies with realistic configurations... it says a lot about the excessiveness and stupidity of the existence of such a hardware, when a console only consumes 200W ...
INTEL should be sued for inventing  the connector. It literally broke any electrical safety rules!
13:35 I got thinking that maybe forcing some failure isn't the same when all the insulation is off which should help with cooling.
lol.. ur solder doesn't look as bad, because it didn't get to such a high temp, yet.
STOP, its already dead.
Manufacturer errors are just an opportunity for aftermarket suppliers to build license the better solution. Then potentially sell the solution back to manufacturer. Opportunity to make some money from their fuck-up.
tldw : its a human error .......also if you read igor properly its the same conclusion...if you use it as should there is no problem what so ever...3,5cm bend away from the plug and you CANnot bend that pin ffs
@JayzTwoCents It's not a fully open solder joint. It's bottlenecking the connection with a partial joint. A poor connection is worse than no connection as the electricity will try to squeeze through and cause resistive heating. You're on the money, but just need to touch the broken connections lightly to the pins.
The good news is this is really just a cable issue. Until someone gets hurt.... the better figure this out quickly!
Honestly I love videos like this. So if a friend asks what he needs for a build, a new cable/certain PSU, is required
450!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT 600!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for the fukign last time only ONE loop of sense wires ARE CONNECTED!!!!!!!!!!!!! the cards gets told to be able to pull 450!!!!!!!!!! NOT 600!!!!! that why the powerlimit is (450+75)525watts NOT 600   FFS................... only if both sense loops are connected its allowed to puill 600
Might not only be the one problem at work here, if the contact area of the pin with the plug is smaller because its not fitted well, might increase the temps to melting point. If you bend the cable enough to force open the plug a little or not have it in all the way or there are a few plugs that are oversized or shorter maybe?
Just make the connector bigger, more robust and have all the wires individually crimped to their connectors. Problem solv...oh wait that's just going back to the older pci connectors. I would think solder is not advisable on anything that's going to be going to handle high loads and is going to be flexed or handled a lot.
I don't get is why the pins on the side melt if some wires break of. Shouldn't it just heat up as a whole? Or are they only cracking, increasing the resistance on the side wire connections?
I would have thought it’s more likely a case of it arcing within the plug from it breaking this would produce significant temperature
Well they need to rework that cable... but what about all customers that already have a card?
And yet the choice of connectors is stupid! A connector with two contacts and only two wires would not have these problems. Then you would not need a small extra connector with 4 contacts.  In other Hi Power applications it works with two wires and two contacts for decades without problems. Something like an XT60 or XT90... and you would never need any adapter or new plugs again. It's just marketing bullshit to have new plugs all the time. Simply so that they have something to show... but not because it would somehow really make sense.
So now it's not only silicon lottery but weld lottery if your using the provided cable. Which is better than all cables provided are an issue but does mean the suggestion is still no one should be using the provided cable.
its because the foil pad is still close to the connector. Power will still go through it, maybe even jump the gap and heat up a looot more becasue of increased ressistance.
Hey Jay! How about a build with a 13th gen z790 with a 30 series card performance difference from the previous 12th gen since everything on the 13th gen on YouTube is paired with the 40 series! Just curious since I’m looking to do a build fairly soon
I think this is a good thing. If it's a QC issue and not an inherent issue of the plug, it can be easily fixed.
Hi,  on the soldering in the top left corner of your opened plug (9:58) it looks like the wire is a bit retracted. This is a possible point of failure too, as this may break under mechanical stress...and it is less surface contact as well as higher possible resistance. So even as it is way better manufactured ,it still could be possibly problematically.
Weird how it wasnt any of the problems most people said it was. Its not the connector, its not the standard, its not the wires. Its the bonding. Would be interresting if the cables were designed by NVidia or Molex(or the connector/cable manufacturer)
Too many amps through too thin of a wire, what an absolute mess.
they should have had the connectors on the gpu at like a 45 degree angle towards the back(180 degrees from video outputs and it should be standing up instead of laying against the pcb!
That "foil" is actually called a bus bar
Knowing what little I do about electronics, something about the way they did the 4 into 6 rubs me the wrong way; having 600W sitting on a little foil pad enclosed in a thermoplastic was begging for an accident to happen.
I dont get why we needed to change the connector has people never herd if it aint broke dont fix it
imagine if companies like nvidia would just POT their connectors.
That's one of the "fun" things about electrical current. Most thermal "failures" are due to build quality. With a poor quality connector you can easily find yourself in this scenario. Current generates heat. At some point, excessive heat will lower the resistance enough to allow more current, which generates more heat, which lowers the resistance more, which generates more current...you see where I'm going? Power draw isn't the problem. It's the amps going through the wire that causes melting. That's why you can't send 20 amps through a 22 gauge wire. There's not enough wire to dissipate the heat. By breaking the connectors, you're essentially forcing the same amperage to flow across half the wires, which will generate more heat, and lower resistance.... And you know where I'm going with this.
Hello, QA? Stress-testing?
Uh...Excuse me if I'm missing something, but WHY THE HELL ARE WE USING PINS? If everything is all soldered together, why aren't we just using one large connection pad?
The 'piece of metal' the wires are soldered is commonly referred to as a Bus Bar 😉  This is nuts. Insane that this construction was ever approved.
those nzxt 'borderless' screens have a massive fucking border of useless black glass 😅 no thanks
I just bought the Gigabyte 1000W psu that has a single 16pin cable for this 12vHPWR connector. Looking at it, it looks almost exactly like the corsair one that Jay said was a safe solution. Does anyone have history with this Gigabyte PSU and can confirm if that cable is safe to use before I plug it into my 3090ti?
A piece of connecting metal that other things mount to is usually called a “bus bar”
The separating of the cabel won't cause it to heat up that much. The problem of melting starts when the separated cabel touches back that plate and in a short amount of time high amount of current is flowing. Only then it will create a temperature high enough to burn the connector.  To recreate this you need to cut the wire and  while running touch the plate multiple times. Wouldn't recomend doing that though.
i have zero tolerance for this, fuck this cable, it need to be disposed forever
Why oh why did they pot a flexible cable/solder connection with a flexible rubber (even a hard rubber). In industrial applications, we always potted the back-shell on connectors with a rigid epoxy for just this reason.
By custom versions of this like Cablemod so the bend is done already and you don’t have to bend that much. The standard ones are garbage.
Want proof consumers are not very open minded, read some sub comments. If you’ve never been in manufacturing just let me say there is a ton involved with things you think simple. Just because company a has implemented and perfected something doesn’t mean nVidia can. Pretty sure someone makes it for them, but once again the cost/time is a factor. Profit comes from learner efficiency and innovation. These things aren’t free. So when you think your however much GPU should be the best and why did they skimp on a cable, you’re not understanding the problem at all trust me.
why melted inside not outside ? this adaptor have very fin pins that why is a fail ,if the problem was from the wire ? the wire should be melted not the adaptor
Given that the other night I had to try to convince an American that it was indeed possible to live in Britain yet not be British, Nvidia really need to take more care to account for the lowest common denominator.
maybe in trying to recreate you are removing the problem by taking away the cause, while still in the plug the broken fixing would possibly be arcing ....
I guess when EU notices this they will start looking at these as a fire hazard and demand a recall
It's been over a decade since I worked at NV, but I vividly remember Jensen ending the last quarterly meeting I attended with the words, "What can you do to improve gross margins?" Clearly, saving a few cents was the goal when they sourced these cables.
-----WARNING-----  THIS SAME ISSUE occurs on crappy molex to SATA power adapters on the SATA side.  In every instance I have seen online, the SATA adapters that fail are these over-molded connectors.  And the best part?  It doesn't matter if the wires are soldered to a board or if they are soldered onto individual pins and THEN put into a molding machine to create the plastic/rubber around the wires.  The issue is the over-molding.  It allows cheap chinese manufacturers to crank these things out with no regard to QC, because the consumer doesn't have access to an X-ray machine to non-destructively check the adapter for these issues.  As long as they use these connectors: --If a solder joint breaks, it will melt. --If solder ALMOST bridges 2 wires, it will melt. --If you solder the wires onto little pins to insert into a pre-made connector,  and  If any of those pins shifted when you injection mold on the cable's strain relief,  IT WILL MELT.  These adapters are cheap as hell because injection molding plastic over shoddy workmanship is cheaper than a QC department.
Vibrations from fans might also create some arcing on top of everything else?
Let's face it ,Nvidia fuck*d up big time. That's what you get when looks is more important then logical thinking  . A videocard that cost between 2500 & 3000 euro's with a connector from aliexpress.
Nvidia definitely cut some corners for those plugs and cables for its poor design. I sense some recalls coming.
people will dislike anything. wtf
You should maybe have looked into a solvent that will help you take that socket apart. Soak the socket in white spirit overnight for example.
There needs to be a special durable and high endurance new adapter to remedy this problem. They should give them away to current owners and sell them to new buyers.
was just talking to friends about this. a single xt90 style connector (90 amp r/c airplane style connector) would just work, but no, we have to keep stamping out cheap tin square connectors...
That connector design is beyond stupid.
Just make gpu standard triple 8 pin, problem solved
This doesn't make much sense to me tbf, if the outer connections are broken why would the heat be focused on the outer pins? Surely if the outer connections are broken the heat would be more in the middle?
With the solder failing it could also just be shorting out the wire breaks off and is jumping across from the wire to the plug. Which could be making them fail.  Writing this while driving sorry for lack of details.
so is this just the adapter? like if I have a  single 16-pin cable will it be okay?
I don't know why Nvidia went using a cheap manufacturing process for the adapters. Those terminals (pins) should be crimped to the wire in order withstand the mechanical stress.
Just get the new rx 7950xt cheaper than 4090 ti and pretty good and doesn't melt
O.M.G. How epic a failure. You do not solder things that are supposed to or might flex/move. Ever.
Bravo! All they have to say: DONT USE THE ADAPTER!!!
I'm pretty disconnected from this. I'm not in the market at all, really didn't even know 40 series were out. I watched this because I drink my coffee and watch videos from my subs. From my extremely external view that is a recall mess, and the jumper wire thing is an epic cludge. I wouldn't run that in my house if I got it for free, seeing how that jumper mess works.
It's not just the removal of the pad, you need to break the pad off, then let it sit in the original position to create a small arch inside the adapter, which would increase heat significantly
Don't replacement cables void warranty?
You're not even getting copper cables gor that price? Damn... I don't think that's even a dollar of profit on every card sold.
Alright, how long until we just have to start up and attaching 4 gauge car subwoofer wiring kits to power our GPU's?
Not sure if someone mentioned it or not, but if the wire broke off if could be arcing which would cause the melting.  The video had clean breaks and no arcing involved.
Jay is the man.
Nvidia must be thanking Intel for helping them with this adaptor, whilst AMD and Intel are not utilising the adaptor.
Why would this be soldered? High power transferring cables are not supposed to be soldered, they are crimped.   This is beyond stupid. Nvidia cheapest out on the adapters but still charged people handsome amounts of money.
As a Systems Engineer, part of my job is to design the system in order to avoid failures (DFMEA) or mitigate them as much as possible. In our filed is very important the power management since we use the vehicle battery to power the devices. These kind of failures in the PC components industry makes me wonder the quality level of design and production... yikes!
Igor ist einfach der Beste!!  Greatest Engineering comes from eastern Germany :) (saxony)
At this point I half believe Nvidia thinks this is funny
the whole problem with that adapter is the material used inside there is ALUMINUM, and aluminum a soft metal and is bad news for bending, it cracks and breaks off easily
It‘s bad enough they need that much power in the first place bit this is just ridiculous
Yet another engineer, just want to say you can have multiple failure modes. Poor connections are worse than breaks. Bending the wires can both lossen the connection points at the pins AND lead to internal cracks/breaks. Your clean break by cutting a wire will run far cooler than if you cut through the wire and held the wire ends very close together with a bit of tape to simulate how the connections are held together within the connectors or the molded rubber.
Poor workmanship is covered under warranty.  It is a good idea to take the card back too, at least to see how it turned out.
This is kinda hard to watch. Cutting a wire is not simulating the compromised connection point that’s heating up, or possibly even arcing. Guess that’s why engineers don’t fix things.
11:40 hi, maybe the facti that it's broken in igor's but still shaped in the plastric thing maybe the wire still touch a bit the connector so there is a little point touching rather than a line
So if we are undervolting(I'm running 80% power target so it makes around 400w when boosting)- and we are using 3 pcie cables+ 1 daisy chained- should we be using the 4th cable in case of failure? To make sure we have enough wattage threshold available
havent they ever heard of a thing called crimping
Am I correct in understanding that Nvidia is RESEARCHING this issue, which they should have identified when tested cards prior to release? Now you buy a top card to keep an eye on it and brush off the dust, not use it to its fullest and are afraid that it will burn out? Outrageously simple. You pay so much money for a video card that can start a fire. Big. Just great. Awesome. I just clap. CLAP CLAP CLAP
Gamers Nexus did a video a while back with a PSU Manufacturer,I think it was Corsair, and they were adamant about how you should not replace PSU cables with other cables from even the same manufacturer, unless specced for the exact same model.  So perhaps it's not necessarily safe to replace cables like Jay says
NVIDIA be like, not my problem!!!!
If it's the outside wires melting then current is still, at least partialy, going through these wires.
Cut middle pins off completely and just leave 2 outer ones (the ones usually heating up) and that will replicate your result. Its sending all 600w of power through these 2 pins, that's causing the issue as they are only rated at 9A each. By cutting cables you are just reducing power supplied from psu to gpu. If they were overloaded, cables would melt themselves and not the plug since you got that plate connecting all pins together distributing load between them.
Graphics cards coming with xt90 connectors soon hahaa
I found a solution.... Use 8 Pin like AMD until NVidia stops experimenting with burning my house down and the standard is redesigned.
yep...or there were just a bad batch where the joints were bad
I am not qualified for this but I think the problem is not breaking off but poor connection at the breaking point making micro sparks and heating up the connector way beyond melting point 😁😁( by the way I like your video but this one half the time didn't make any sense) please if you see this comment please consider giving my theory a second thought
I hope Nvidia start selling rtx power cables that made of gold. An expensive GPU should pair with expensive power cable 🥹🥹🥹😘😘😘
Now will Nvidia and its partners  accept returns of the entire card if the card started melting?
Can we just acknowledge the situation where Tech reviewers now have to use Thermal Imaging technology to review and analyse computer components. Doesn't that raise flags for anyone?
I never use the adapters, I got the Corsair cable off the bat with my 4090 and it's been running cool. Even under the heaviest load it's barely warm at the connector, so that's apparently the way to go.
Ah the problem of PC gaming suckers. Wait until the EU restricts power consumption on graphics cards instead of just TVs. LOL!
The design is a total disaster.
I really don't understand why extra metal couldn't be added to increase contact surface and prevent this silly problem? I couldn't care less of how big is the contact itself.
how much ya want to bet some tool in an office saw they could cut back on costs by cutting out the additional ground wires and decided it was worth the risk...
Power are not meant to be share just like the psu extension I have same problem when I split the cpu fans. I have same problem but with the cpu fan that I have a splitter on remove the splitter problem solved. 🎃 How Nvidia made this same mistake 😂. U are half right though don’t need to break for it not to work it could work but psu power are not meant to be split.
shameless plug
I just cant stop myself from wondering what really takes for a company to make an official statement and most probably a product recall since this is clearly a very serious issue related to public safety. What more do they need? Human casualties? Houses on fire? I mean come on, this is serious, and i am not gonna even mention the fact that we are talking about a 2000$+ video card. At this point none should buy the 4000 series until nvidia fixes PERMANENTLY the issue. Its unbelievable that people just have their cards working so far based on just pure luck.
Really amazing that they didn't design this cable to handle much bending at all. Did they not think they cable management was a thing? Of course people are going to BEND cables. If I was them I would have made that cable as bendable as possible.
The fact that private people urged to find the issue tells me everything about Nvidia I need to know, this is life-threatening and they did nothing. Hope they will be sued.
I suspect the issue is when they break, you're getting arcing either between the solder joint or the broken pad.
Not sure this about the outer connections breaking causing the remaining connections to heat up / carry more load: it's the outer connections that show melting, so maybe the gap caused by the stress break is where arcing is happening: the electricity crosses the break by way of plasma - that can get super super hot?
Why aren't those things crimped-  Or have a adequate pull-safety
I'm surprised that GamersNexus hasn't already done testing on this given their history with similar things.  I would consider this a design flaw.  People wouldn't have to bend it so much if the plug was right-angled.
Wait a month and buy an AMD card. Problem solved.
Honestly seems like a jank design. Part of me wonders If their won't soon come a point where the supply voltage will have to increase to bring down amperage.
I have a BeQuiet! Dark Power 12 Pro 1500watt power supply and contacted BeQuiet.  They sent me a link for their dedicated cable available at Newegg.  $25 shipped.
Turns out getting hold of a 4090 wasnt the problem..  ..its now that there is still no availability of either ATX 3.0 power supplies, or in my case, that Corsair 12VHPWR to PCIe adaptor cable
Cool !
There is no proof that the Corsair solution is any better. Jay references it's larger wire gauge, but that's not where the fault is occurring. Unless Corsair redesigned the entire connector including reengineering the solder points, then their cable is just as prone to failure.
Jay, the issue CAN'T be re-created by simply cutting the wires off. The heat causing the melting ISNT caused by all the power going through the remaining pins. It is caused by the cracked connection still resting on itself, making a high resistance connection and arcing. That's why the outer pins are melting, not the middle ones, because they're the ones that are snapped.
The only way the industry to solve this is to either ditch this connector and return to 8 pin pci or quickly standardise this connector on the power supplies which will remove the need of this octopus connector which is not very feasible for the industry soo....
what a shit design
Tin-foil hat time: Intel came in and suggested subtly terrible design to sabotage NVIDIA without anyone noticing.
So Jay was right in the end about these adapters being an issue. Nvidia needs to just recall all of the adapters and offer all customers replacements for the adapter, and GPU (if they're damaged). what a poop show on Nvidia's part. EVGA Pres prob has a smirk on his face right now.
It's not that it's totally broken connection, it's partially. Resistance creates heat.
think the Problem is not the solder completly seperating. I think it could be the Pins still touching the thin connector "bracket" but just a slight bit because of the ruber piece of the plug holding this stuff together. current than would need to flow through a much smaller touching surface increasing its temperatur in an insane way.
Im beginning suspect Jay’s hair doesn’t grow. Lizard person?
Remember to turn your computer off if you are going to be away form it for an extended period! Wouldn't want a house fire due to the dumpster fire... lol
I'll stick with my current 30 series card. Rock solid, and it's from EVGA.
5080 ti
Not that I'm in the market for a new gpu but I will not be buying any card with this solution for power delivery. change it back nvidia lol this makes 40xx not worth buying. I like lower fps and no fires in my pc. FPS don't stand for (flames per second) 🔥
Thank you Corsair for being quick to fix Nvidia's shit.
my internal case has like... 40-50c, hes doing it with no case. He rally needs to put it in case, let it head up itneriors and then do test. hes loosing like 30-40c on open bench tests. This is not representative of avarege user pc.
I wonder if somebody could sell connectors of different angles, to fit your needs when you design your P.C..  It's no good saying "don't bend the cables" - that doesn't provide people with what's needed.  I think Nvidia should be thanking you, for finding out that the GPU's weren't the problem.  I'd still buy their card, but I'd now be thinking of the connectors in my P.C. design.  Ney good saying everything's fine, everything's fine... Don't bend the cable, stop talking about the issue....  Fukdat  Fix the cause, move on.
I just love that Nvidia is a tech gian but can't figure out how to reliably design a simple connector... Like what do they even do in the lab all day? Stuff like this sholuld've been caught early on.
What a f*cking low quality soldering/overall design is that, for a 1600+$ gpu is ridiculos. Nvidia can f*ck off at this point...
Everybody knows the 4090 needs a ATX 3.0 PSU, and that these stupid 4-into-1 adapters were just a stopgap solution.  If you're gonna be spending this much on a 4090, you should be buying an ATX 3.0 PSU as soon as it becomes available.  And not making excuses about sticking to your old PSUs, just because.
I'm not touching the 40 series... what a mess.
Ah, yes thank you. I saw many many comments claiming the wire gauge was too thin and ampacity was too low. That made no sense to me. I could not see an engineer designing a cable and actually making the wires too thin for the current going through... That would be insane.
“No has much to do with the power draw of the card”, but “the pin size”…  Come on, who designed the card? Nvidia. Who chose this connector? Nvidia’s “engineers”…  Come on, it’s a shame they couldn’t select a connector of the appropriate power size for their own card. It’s huge shame for a card of this price tag.  It is simply unacceptable.  Nvidia should be boycotted for this, and the false 4080 affair too.
The design of the power connector on the GPU itself is staggering. We all know, the depth of these cards means the vast majority of cases won't have the space to accommodate the side cabling, leaving the only options as side panel off, which will screw up the airflow completely, or vertical mount and say goodbye to any PCIE hardware you may be using. My rig has been built with both these aspects as being needed. I have M2 daughterboards and a big push/pull fan setup.  There's no way I'm going to transplant my PC into a far larger case, just because of this. It's the reason why the 4090 Founders is now completely off my radar.  All of this nonsense is just the icing on the cake. Major missteps here by Nvidia.
If a connector is stressed to cause a poor connection it will arc current. The arcing will cause heat which melts the connector and if hot enough can also melt the solder. Once pins become open the total current will increase across the remaining connected pins. It would be expected that both the socket and connector would experience damage. Overall a poor design when multiple connectors are required for safe operation over the life of card vs the warranty period.
@jayztwocents the issue is, that a crack or a partial break will result in resistance increase and can also cause arcs which also increase heat , best case scenario is a total break
man, that isn't the problem. The real problem is the pins of the adapter. That part is overheating, not the rest of the connector. Pointing the thermal camera to the housing of the connector, you are only measuring the temperature of the air coming out of the heatsink, not the temperature of the pins. If you wanna recreate the fire, you should cut some pin (not the cable) or opening them.
Watch buildzoids video he makes a good argument on the pins themselves.
Adopt early, repent at leisure.  😁
Just asking.. the problem is just the nvidia adapter right? Not the graphic card connector itself or the connector from a power supply with that connector
This is the perfect example of an international cooperation running out of control and governments are out of control at the same time
fact is, it's not just "clean breaks".  Yes, shooting that kind of current though only 2 wires vs 4 will do exactly what Igor states...but what is most likely happening is this combined with arcing.  That's going to cause temps to soar.    As for sourcing?  More than likely Shenzhen.  Yes, with stuff like thism, quality depends on who filled the seat that day.  That design is sketch at best, and the over-molding they did was to act like a strain relief...which obviously didn't work.  The math works for the design obviously, the 14ga wire can handle 15A each, at 12V that means each wire can handle 180W so 4x180 = 720W safely (480W card), they actually could have gotten away with 16Ga wire that has a 13A rating so it would be 624Watts max which is right about the 125% over-rating many places use for design, so it could actually be argued that NVIDA over-spec'd the wiring.    In the end, the design of that cable end is highly suspect, they attempted to prevent breakage with the over-molding of the wires.  Honestly, they would have been better off just using an 8 pin Molex instead of that 12, and looking into board layout and trace demand.  The biggest reason to split it 8 ways is most likely due to PCB requirements (not enough real-estate to handle high capacity traces on the board).  Still good stuff Jay, and Igor isn't wrong here, but it's probably a combination of arcing (which generates a whole lot more heat than if the wire just wasn't there).
I hope 4080 doesn't get this pin.
Can someone explain the point of these connectors? What was wrong with multiple 8 pin connectors?
Normal , when they try to make cheap shit and sell it high :) Looks like Chine cheat poor cable :)
For now I'm waiting on amd gpus to see how they handle power and plugs before pulling the trigger
Using a bonded power for all connections is a poor design, and defeats the smart sensor.  Looks like Corsair saw this and that's why they removed it.
im not an electrician. i worked for a company in uk that had to renovate a house that had had fire damage. the cause of the fire damage was the cable from socket to socket should of been one cable but it was 2 cables joined in the middle. due to work on one of the sockets the cable was pulled and the join of twisted cables together pulled apart and that caused an arc of electricity that set fire to the insulation.  when one of those cracks in the solder appear, it can cause arcing and that could be what its causing the extra heat to melt the plugs.  Nvida seems to be trying to save some money by choosing this type of cable set up. would be interesting to know how much money they saving per cable vs having something more like (i think it was called) cable mods version of long straight cable that looks better and more simple to cable manage safely.
the plug is just not a good idea -  I never tried to bend mine, it looks too dam flimsy.
What about arcing when it is still barely touching ? Not gonna lie, those nvidia connectors look really shoddy .. that much power draw should not be using a little aluminium bridge. It should be pins crimped directly onto wires.
2:14 for the bit.  TL;DR: too much side bending of the wire removes some sort of protection
Disconnect your car battery terminal and reconnect it over and over and over again very fast, tell me what happens. Lol  Ummm dude if the solder broke, you turned it on and the vibrations alone kept it making contact and not making contact over and over it would Spark and catch fire.
BIG YIKS
@JayzTwoCents Having worked for a company that created test PCB's for electronics company prototypes, plus another company soldering Geophone strings for the oil industry I learned the soldering quality is VITAL. For the 1st company, My task was to hand solder the few components that couldn't be wave soldered (passed through a solder bath with a standing wave). Every solder joint on these PCB's was then examined under a microsope and also an X-Ray microsope to check for the amount of solder plus dry joints, cracks or bubbles within the solder. ANY defect meant the PCB came back to me to be reworked, i.e. removing any excess and applying additional flux and remelting the solder, or, adding flux and solder if there wasn't enough. The 1st set of 20 boards had 17 defects, the 2nd set had 5, after that zero defects.  For the 2nd I was tasked with winding the terminal wires onto a stress ring plus twisting together and soldering the power connections and tinning the sensor wires for connection to the geophones. EVERY string made had a sign off sheet for every process, once completed they were ALL tested to 200% capacity and also vibration stress tested, any failure could therefore be tracked back to the oprerator and remedial work carried out re-enforcing the quality standard required. I had 3 strings come back to me in the 1st week and then zero whilst maintaining the highest production rate out of 50 people doing the same task. Both jobs every joint I soldered was tested beyond the standard operating levels expected.   In cable manufacturing speed is the holy grail, quality is secondary, they test for defects and "Does it work?" and that's as far as it goes. Watching your vid and looking at Igors images highlights this, on your connector the solder surface is smooth and you can still see the wire strands just under the solder surface on the 1st 2nd and 3rd joints as the correct amount of solder has been applied plus, the wires are all flat on the contact pad, meaning the operator has held the wire until the solder has fully solidified.  The 4th the wire has lifted from the pad as the operator has reduced their pressure just as the solder has solidified, at worst this can be a stress multiplier like a lever if bent by the user. On all 4 wires the solder hasn't wicked up under the insulation and you can see the individual strands are clean, enough heat applied and the right amount of solder used, the wires can flex almost right up to the connector. Nice workmanship but distracted at the final step because they're already shifting focus to the next connector.  On Igors connector the solder surface is lumpy, you cannot see any strands because too much solder has been applied and the operator has been moving the wire as the solder solidifies, the worst being the 3rd, which looks like the iron was removed before the solder fully melted or not enough flux was applied. Too much heat has been applied and for too long, allowing the solder to wick along the strands and under the insulation, creating a longer lever and transferring more stress to the neck of the pin. Moving the wires during the "Freeze" of the solder can cause cracks and voids increasing resistance through the joint leading to increased heat. Shoddy workmanship throughout but good enough to pass the "Does it work?" Q/C level.  If the wires are bent vertically, up or down and being pressed hard up against a side panel there's going to be increased strain on the pins and vibrations are going to be focussed onto the pins, causing them to tilt in the shaft and you have the potential to create masses of heat if the contact area is significantly reduced. Side to side bends would do likewise as one side would be under tension, the opposite side would be under compression, again focussing the vibrations to joints 1 and 4 and leading to more arcing on those specific pins. This is possibly why it's pins 1 and 6 suffering eccessive heat buildup and melting before the inner pins.
It did not increased the heat because the plastuic cover which contained the heat was removed and now it became air-cooled. Wth an electrical tape it would increase the temperate faster but because of that the thermal camera would not read the temps, maybe only at the base...
I doubt that the melting happens because some wires disconnect it would rather because the resistens of the pins rise when they are not perfectly inside. The redistens depends on the area  of contact betwen plug and rifle and the lost energy by the resistens is heat  Addendum: The produced heat could cause the desolder of the cables, because there is no strain relief in the connector and accelerate the process further
I'm not an electrician so can someone with more knowledge explain this. If there are 12 pins, why are they using 8 wires and soldering them to the "foil" thing making 4 wires connect to 6 pins, instead of simply using 12 wires?
I don’t think it has to do with this solder being broken and completely not attached in the same way as with you cutting it I think it has to do with the solder being broken and it being intermittently connected and unconnecting still touching, but not securely, which would cause the wired to heat up a lot. I see the all the time in failed components in the hvac industry
Problem is the 4090 is too high for some cases after the wires are plugged in and when the case cover is put in place it's stressing the plug connections and breaking them .
There's not much of a surprise that yours isn't heating up as much as the ones that fail in the field, when the solder joint would be broken and the cable that is cut off stays within close vicinity of the solder joint (remember, the connector is closed so the pad that is broken will still keep it close to the cable) there will be some induction going on, with lots of resistance and sparking which wouldn't be visible because of the completely closed connector. This completely explains the melting and high temperatures.
You aren't simulating the ARCING that would be happening with the wires still in the plug.  There was likely a flawed contact still happening in the plug.  I'm sure you weren't trying to start a fire or destroy anything other than a plug, though.
It's funny/sad that over all the the years we're still using this flimsy shit design and that a more robust design hasn't come about.
Can you all stop saying 'sodder' instead of 'solder' please.
Good. Very good. Everything bad that happens to NV is a good thing.
Something I don’t understand… why can’t the plug have a single large +12v & single -12v blade connections. Rather than all these individual pins 🤷🏼‍♂️  The connector overall could be smaller & would have much more metal contact than these pins.
So TLDR they tried to save 1-2 pennies and ended up burning a bunch of people on it.These things are pulling power on par with some SPACE HEATERS at this point and as anyone knows you do not half ass the redundancies on a space heaters electrical systems.
This is a huge Problem in some old VW Polos too, the problem is not that the cable completly brakes off, but its that it has a bad contact. If the contact is bad and has a very small surface, it will get very hot. This worses the resistance even more. So you should try to not brake the wire completly off, more like creat a small contact surface
Thousands of pounds on a high end graphics card, only to realise it could potentially burn down your house due to bad design and bad build quality? Glad I never get onto the early adopter train. So risky these days with companies being the way they are.
yeaaaaah, im definitely gonna spend more dollars buying another cable and in this case it will burn the whole powerplaine nearby the connector, i win, you lose, hobos
dont buy nvidia junk ... this will cost them big time, and most likely raise pricing on clowns that buy this crap
that thing you keep referring to PCB is correctly called "bus bar" or "busbar", spelling may vary
There are SO MANY more posts showing melted connectors, people are just checking their power connector without having any issues and finding the start of it melting already. Eh, nvidia is going to get crushed by this.
Don't worry guys! Run this in the same house where your wife and kids sleep and stop complaining!
I don't know if there is a protection but if the wire is broke from the pad it will sometime connected and sometime disconnected due to vibrations that will cause arcing and this can cause high temp. If you cut the cable only the cables will heat up not the connector. Again i don t know if there is a protection for arcing.
should make a simplified transparent model in blender to describe it accurately
You've never done sensationalist stuff, so if you're willing to put out a video saying there's an issue, even if it's limited, and even if you can't reproduce it, then the cable manufacturer should find out what scenario causes the fault so it can be mitigated.
My $5 is on arching
I think that cutting it open may facilitate heat dissipation which is why temp may not be rising in your attempts as you thought they would. It was a rubber thing surrounding it, right? Wouldn't that provide thermal insulation to the solders and contain whatever heat is produced when it is on there? Maybe put a temperature probe in and wrap it back up with the same or similar material? Anyway, at this point it is clear the whole thing is unsafe and people shouldn't use it. ETA: That in combination with partial contact seems (like mentioned by @LooweeG) seems like a recipe for fire.
3:29  usually guys don't realize the danger until they pull out 😉
Tip for anyone with a 40 series card already. Cablemod sells a custom cable with no reported issues.
Someone told me "oh it's just a pin issue and you're making it bigger than it really is".  THIS should never have been a problem  with a 1k to 2k video card.  For that price there should be NO errors possible on power transfer.  That's a bad defect and it needs corrected.  The best way to prevent this is to not buy the product overall just because the chance exists.  It Corsair may have a fix but you need to purchase that fix which is an added cost. It's not cool and Nvidia needs to know that.  Too me it's a sign of poor engineering just to cut costs.  It's a sign that all the PC component manufacturers are just trying to profit as much as they can at our expense and potentially putting our lives at risk.  Fire risks should not be something that is a common risk among PC components.  That said I have watched a Seagate drive catch fire before.  Not saying Seagate is bad because it most definitely was an isolated incident and I have never seen another do that in 20 years so it wasn't common.  This is obviously more common as it happened to enough in this short period of time.
Doesn't surprise me if they say you can only plug it in 30 times or something. What type of crap is that?
First time I seen this adapter I didn't like it, looked like some janky ass creation a back wood electrician would come up with.
Nvidia and their shity cables
If they're going to use a what's essentially a tiny bus bar to connect the wires together, the bar should have tabs that crimp onto the wires, then solder added in after crimping. That would ensure a solid connection that can stand up to some bending. With a solid crimp the solder would only serve to reduce electrical resistance by increasing the surface area that the wires are contacting, it would not be the primary means of mechanical attachment. Solder alone should not be used as the means of mechanical attachment on a connector that will see any sort of flexing or lateral force imo, it just isn't very strong. A bus bar style construction would be fine if they'd just do it right instead of half-assing the engineering.
bro ok about melting argument, but it’s 2 case around the entire world and caused by bad use on cable management. i don’t see that spam when ryzen broken the motherboard after OC.  the adapter it’s not the best, ok, but if you connect correctly, no one have problem. Change “music” of tha point please 😊
Always a risk with being an early adopter.
If the power goes to the foil then is distributed to 6 connectors...  Why have 6 connectors? Still feels like a change in hardware for no good reason
hope people fund  together a solution  that stoped  these degrating  Industrie behavior...
I don't think that its because it draws 450w from 2 cables I think its still trying to draw from all 4 but the 2 broken ones are making so little contact with the pad/pin that it is creating a hot spot on that particular pin and melting the thinnest part of the plastic (the housing for the pin). When I wired my first car stereo as a teen I forgot to crimp one of the power wires and when it stopped working a few months later the crimps plastic housing had melted because the connection was lose inside of it creating a hot spot.
Greed Karma
nvidia messed up and is trying to justify herself at the expense of bloggers .
just put two of those cylindrical lead car battery terminals on the graphics card and an adaptor cable with crocodile clamps .. problem solved.
I don't get this. Looks all cables are connected by solder. So do we still talk about power lines?
Presumably what might happen is it might half-break so it's not completely disconnected but is just touching it a little, creating a higher resistance & temperature?
That's why I'm staying on my 3090Ti. The RTX 4000 series was a rushed hack job.
This all looks awfully familiar... remember MOLEX-TO-SATA-LOSE-YOUR-DATA adapters !!!   That was the last time i've seen people cut cables up like this to investigate what was going on and it was simply bad design and factory variance which resulted in plastic melting and eventually power cables touching, resulting in fire.   Here you have to wiggle it a little to break solder points... different design, same bullshit.
I'm confused.  If the outside pin is no longer connected, it is not flowing power anymore.  Why is it that pin that is melting when it's not flowing power?  I think it's shorting when it breaks.  It's not that the card is asking for more power from the remaining 3 or 2 connectors, it's that it's bridging the gap that was there before the break.  This could create arcs which will melt the plastic.
If you get your hands on a melted connector I would suggest having it x-rayed before trying to cut it open. I'm pretty sure the heat doesn't come after a wire is completely off, instead it happens when the bridge is almost broken increasing the resistance and causing much higher voltage drop at the crack.There also wouldn't be this sort of issue if they had actually bridged all 6 pins together.
Especially considering how expensive the hardware is, and how cheap wires are, its pretty despicable to see such an egregious move to save a buck.
Got 20 bucks gamers Nexus makes a video complaining and making it way big of a deal compared to every else
This connector is bonkers. 400w/12v=33,3a which requieres min. 4mm^2 and at 600w even more.
Ever thought of taking an X-ray of those cables? It’s pretty common to check materials with that. Even a ct could be done.
imagine buying a graphics card at release date. Lol ...  Never learned anything ? never buy the first edition or launch of anything. In electronics
..you really dont like these connectors
Nvidia need to calm down, £2000 card that consumes more power than my entire PC setup including dual monitors, a powerconnector than any logical sane person would not make.. Hoping AMD and Intel can finally chain the egotistical beast Nvidia has become. ALso Jay wouldn't you say that rubber stuff around those Solder joint also acted as a heat insulator? removing might have caused your test to 'fail', my oppinon is the ambient air was just enough to carry away the heat that's causing most of these to fail by having it exposed, just a thought.
That's a straight up defect in the design. Brand new adapters failing mere weeks after they are purchased. Nvidia should recall all of the adapters sent out thus far to RTX4090 customers and issue a fixed version 2.0 adapter that solves the issue, or at least partner with CableMod to send out free replacement adapters that don't have this issue. To do nothing about it is sheer negligence.
What a disaster.
So cost cutting by NVIDIAand its AIB's on cable quality is the cause of the issue.
All plugs burn up with a "loose connection" as the power arcs across the break(s), and of course as wire heats, it allows more amperage as it is not a superconductor. Without disassembling the  original burned plugs... attempting to repeat the results are just entertainment/amusement.
Cuttıng off a wıre or two on the Plug ıs not the major issue what Igor ıdentıfıed as source for the heat. The problem is the cracked LOOSE connections that leads to tiny arcs/flshing series that produce the heat!!!
I think that bus bar in connector is problematic. If one contact have better connector because uneven connection force then it will take more current (more heat) because bus bar is making sure all have same voltage drop. With bad connection current move to other pins and that contact will have smaller power to dissipate.
all those cabelmakers know the problem but are quite since they all sell perrfect cables
$1600 and they pinched pennies on the connector. Amazing. Looks like I'm making the switch to AMD with rdna3
A $2000 fire hazard in my office…..Awesome!
You couldn't recreate the problem because them two wires are absolutely capable to power the card. Temperature rises on broken solder connection but wire still touches the pin, that's where you get high resistance and temperature rise
From now on we need to water cool wires too.........
What a bullshit of 'engineering'...  Saying the cable is 'smart' and then it completely kills the purpose of it self.. nVidia is going downhill..
What the *frick* egineering job. I can barely believe that you buy such an expensive card with such *frick* connector.
Nicely job nvidia.
So Nvidia charge 1500$ for a video card and then cheap out on a 2$ adapter? 🤦‍♂
if the gpu is fine and only the connectors got melted means there is a short circuit .. remember this happens because of running the gpu at 600 watts on 12v means you've reached 50 Amps on such thin separation if you bend the cable too close to the connector and you keep it like that while gaming for 8 or 12 hours for exemple.. it's gonna be melted anyway =) because the connector reached almost 64c degree during few minutes ... remember if there is not enough air flow in your case ) the connector gonna get warmer i think probably it could reach the 80~90c.. now let's take a look the the plastic connector and the force executed by the bended cable .. i think the pins from the solder part inside the 12v connector gonna get closer and closer .. and this will melt it or even can start fire on your pc ) .. remember distance between cables is the first protection even is thje cables are covered .. just take a look on pcb engineering you gonna probably see this designing circuits thickness and distance between them in different ways this is not for no reason but for safety ) and durability .. take a couple of copper cables with thin plastic soil a distance of 60cm bend them on the edge close to the pins of a 600w lamp connect the other edges to a power source of 12v and 50Amps and see by yourself what will happen in few moments ) + other trick by bending a mono copper wire the resistance gets higher in that part and that produce more hit )
If you pay that much for a gpu you are used to getting it in the *ss and Nvidia/Amd dont give a shit about you and making shit like that just shows it !
This is really poor design! It's generally a bad idea to solder a stranded wire, because it will wick the solder and turn very stiff, which will strain the solder joint. The rubber strain relief they put is way too small! They should had gone with only crimped connectors as the cables you pointed out to be safe has.
Next people will think to fight this problem is to make watercooled wires..
Is it possible to "also" be electrical arcing by the dislocated joints to help out in the heating along with the concentrated power draw? Question from a layman that has seen a similar issue in a completely different place.
why not just put a bigger plug lol nvidia why
I might be an idiot, but if the two outer pins get disconnected, why would those pins develop the most heat to melt the plastic? Shouldn't it logically be the other way around? I mean, I'm no expert, but a _partially_ broken solder joint _can_ lead to both a) higher resistance (since the cross-section that does make continuous contact is smaller) and b) forming of sparks (if the joint makes on-and-off contact, possibly due to thermal expansion, and even with just 12V you're essentially pushing a lot of amps through that gap; see also: "contact welding")  Again, not an expert, just a hobbyist with a lot of hard-earned lessons about why shit breaks (i.e., I make stupid electrical mistakes that cause stuff to let out the magic pixies) and I thought it's worth sharing my two cents ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This is Boeing 737 Max of graphics card industry.
by removing the plastic to show the connections you have removed the instance where a connection will be semi attached thereby creating an arc, its the arcing (like a welder) that would ramp up heat and destruction I would imagine. With the plastic removed you have a simple connected/dis-connected situation. Not a good way to recreate a proper user scenario.
the fact that a loose connection increases resistance because of how little metal material the power is going through if it still has a connection. Same thing happens with old loose wall outlets when the plug doesn’t have a solid connection
Pretty shure the 12VHPWR is dead on arrival and will not become an industry standard. With all that sense pin BS it seems like a bad compromise for downwards compability. They should have made a clean cut. Whoever buys a 2000+ $ card, should be able to spend 100 more for a new power supply.
You and many others have been building computers for many, many years. Computer cases have been very similar for those years as well. All the computer part manufacturers are aware of what and how people build and what they build inside of as well. And whether its a 4090 or a 30 series/20 series etc. We are all taking all these wires for years now and bending them around.  I am curious especially with the huge price increases in GPU prices over the last few years why not ALL GPU manufacturers do not include a right angle connector for thier product. Given the probable cost of a right angle connector I dont see why they cant include this already in the price and product. The benefits are HUGE for safety, also building and esthetically very appealing..... AND THIS WOULD SOLVE THIS ISSUE!!!!
That doesn't make sense - so if power goes through 2 middle wires, why are broken ones melting? Shouldn't middle ones melt?
I guess the wiggle when some people try to fit a connector bends the connector pin female part  so its not longer making good contact = high resistance = lots of power thru = heat that melts the plastic  so just get better quality connector
Hardware in general runs hot these days but NVIDIA wants to burn your house down
Is it possible that there is an electric arc creating between these 2 metal plates that the cables are soldered to?
It's nearing end of 2022 and such fundamental manufacturing problem is worrisome.
I think the "foile thing" is called busbar🤔
1$ connector for a 1500$ video card. Nice job from Nvidia:))
Nvidia needs to take a step back and design a chip that's powerfull and efficient, not full on throttle on performance
So the good news is, if youdont use the adapter and go straight for a dedicated cable with 6 wires to 6 pins, you will never melt the plug. Thank gody seasonic psu came with a dedicated cable.
“Didn’t even notice it until he pulled out, that’s where the danger comes in”
So the melting can be because of 2 things: 1) high current draw leading to heat.. the current draw would need to be down that pin/those pins so failures must force draw down those pins.. not quite sure about this scenario. 2) sparks/arcing... Maybe due to the solder break and being in close proximity, the connection sparks/arcs - leading to the plastic melting.. an arc that occasionally connects can send current all over the place - you'd usually find them in your plug sockets / switches. I would lean towards this scenario - especially if the outside wires are getting broken.
could you use a continuity tester accros the pins to check if the foil is broken. or does the sense pin bridge it
My guess, and it's only a guess after seeing this is that rather than the plug heating up isn't actually caused less wires carrying the same current, but more so the broken pieces inside the plug arcing. There's much more heat generated by an electrical arc than by power draw alone. But that's just my 2 cents. Much credit to you Jay for keeping parts manufacturers on their toes.
so wait for aftermarket solutions for the moment
Most industrial applications won't permit soldered joins like the as there is too high a stress concentration around the cable where the solder wicks into the braid. Nearly always use a crimped connector which crimps onto the insulation or has a collar to relieve stress. Obviously crimped connections can come loose over time but you are normally talking decades if the crimps have been designed and installed correctly. Probably done this to save themselves 0.5 cents per cable for a card costing as much as an ok laptop.
In other words if Jay says to bend the shit out of your cable's DON'T!
There are multiple ways to improve the situation if Nvidia due to whatever reason needs to stick to this adapter: make an edge adapter for the FE cards, where you can plug the adapter in. Reduces or avoids the bending. Making adapter with an edge connector would be better. For the adapter itself: use thicker tabs and crimp instead of solder. That solves already most of the problems. But it costs a few tenths of cents more per adapter, totally unacceptable for a 1600$ card from a company's financial point of view... You could also think of adding a crossbar between the tabs to even out the current on the pins and also provide better mechanical stability in case of side bends.
This is so fked up! You pay 2K € for a GPU and they deliver you the cheapest cable ever! They should get sued!
Yeah the custom cables are nice, but you shouldn't HAVE to use them. When you buy a product, whats included in the box with it should be more than enough. Nvidia needs to man up, take ownership and fix it. Send replacement cables at least.
wow, just wow... It is amazing how they chose these tiny flimsy cables to run that voltage through that... and it is fragile AF.
Nvidia Kinder Kables
Pretty sure it's a hot join, in electrical terms its the metal bracket and cracked which means its touching but not touching so it starts to Arc across and that's whats causing the plastic to melt. Happens in Circuit Breakers (most devices but more so CB's because its powering a Circuit not a device which is using more Amps) when you screw the wire in the Clamp if its not tight enough or sitting behind the clamp it can cause fires.
sorry if this is a stupid question, but why is this soldered inside a crimp-type connector housing and not a common power plane on the card PCB? surely the video card guys actually talk to the power supply guys. This is the same reason they rivet airplanes together and NOT weld them.
What people dont understand is that nvidia is all about the immersion. You're playing Callisto Protocol, your tower starts smoking, you notice a slight fps drop. The fans hit top speed, you are being chased, low on hp. Now you're getting the cinematic experience, Fps drop some more settling at 24 fps, you can barely see where you're going from the artifacts, your gpu is on fire. Tower melts fire spreads on your curtains, there's smoke everywhere, can barely see your monitor but you loot some hp. Safe for now. AMD can't beat this
I guess FE card couldn't use all power potential cause of limited TDP. But it's very sad that card which costs 1700$ is going to shit cause of 5$ piece of crap, well done Nvidia! Bravo!
What a fun component to maintain after paying through the nose to obtain.
Cables are always going to be weaker when soldered vs crimped. Standard practice in military applications is crimping cable assemblies.
F** off Nvidia. They should return the money to everyone with a melted connector and send to everyone a new adapter. This is ridiculous for a super premium device.
I really appreciate you pursuing this @JayzTwoCents, but what you're saying doesn't make sense. If one wire breaks and the others are overloaded as a result, it's the overloaded ones that would melt, not the broken one.   I'm thinking the only way the broken one would melt is if it's making partial contact and arcing.
Question, 'Why NVIDIA adapters are melting?'. Answer, because they are shite!!!! At this rate Nvidia gpus will only be found  in a museum....
Failure of those plugs reminds me of melting of old tamiya battery plugs in my younger year. One thing I learned then was items heated up and melted where the greatest resistance was... the fact your photos showed it melting around the pins themselves makes me wonder if the individual pins and sockets are spec'd high enough for the amp draw. Breaking off a wire won't  increase the draw from a pin it would cause the feed lines to heat, essentially reducing the effective size of the wires feeding the plug.   What I do see from the pictures is potentially routing the wires pulling on and stressing the plug which is only retained by one center clip could cause slight loss of contact on the outer pins which essentially adds resistance and heat down near the plugs. This potentially aggravated by the thin walls of the plugs not able to clamp well enough to a pin that looks more suited to data than power delivery. It should be easy enough to test for with a simple resistance test with a multimeter while flexing the plug.  I am probably wrong, this is just my experience with plugs and power delivery on a hobby scale.
One might have expected the manufacturers to test more carefully after the H1 case and do something like quality assurance. No, profit comes first. The adapter is probably from the cheapest supplier.
Am I okay if I undervolted it to 350W MAX?
AL-U MIN-I UM    aloo-min-um is aluminium oxide - educade yourself. bloody, Bloody bloody. swears.
Probably the same French electric engineers that work on French cars
i was going to upgrade to a 4090 but after watching this i will stick with my old Riva TNT 2
When companies fail to amend safety issues with their product that could burn someone’s house down, I think someone should go to court against this ignorance before someone is dead at home from a fire.
So it's sort of like a badly designed buzz bar.
What a stupid failure from Nvidia, bunch of armatures! 😁
Number of 4090s in 2022,<1000. Number of cable issue videos,>10000000000.
im guessing because of jays better quality soldier on his plug would make a huge difference,  half the solder would double the resistance and heat in the defeactive  plugs,  im guessing there will be a mass recall on the plugs and new ones made to a higher standard
BTW - if the solder joint breaks within the plug, the consequences are much worse than just cutting the wire like you did.  These are DC voltages, and high Amp DC voltages.  The heat is caused by arching inside the connector whilst the cable is broken.  Take your cut cable, and constantly touch (make contact), and disconnect the cable again.  I'm fairly sure you'll see sparks, and your temps will also sky rocket.
It's time to stop playing with fragile multi pin connectors on high power cards and use something solid, like a bolt on lug with a substantially sized wire. Plus individual wires would be easier to route neatly. Maybe it's too basic, but simpler is almost always better. And it would for sure be cheaper to manufacture.
I think in your attempts to recreate the issue on your end was blundered due to the fact you cut the cables cleanly and disconnected them completely. In a real world scenario, the broken solder joint and pin would likely still be touching, or at most a micro gap, either of which would cause arcing, which in turn would cause the melting of the connector.   The melted outside connectors with broken joints isn't caused by the power draw of the other pins. If that were the case, the pins that are still properly connected would melt their own respective sections of the connector, not the surrounding sections.
LOL obviously we don't need rocket scientist to tell is screwed up design or approach.
The problem is always happened when you least expecting it
That intro song had me thinking I was about to watch a very different kind of video - altho also about some hot stuff. If you know, you know.
In addition to my first comment, for example 12 volts drawing 400 watts is 33.3 amps. That's a lot of current going through a wire. If it was to short to ground that wire and terminal would get hot enough to melt the solder thus shorting out.
If I see correctly both side connectors have their own individual cable soldered to them.. The cables in the middle disribute the power to two pins in the connector, this will obviously put less load on the pin and as it splits.. Can the issue be that they calculated the load of the pin there and forgot that they will have the side pins under a much higher electric load ?
God those solder jobs must've been done by some 3rd party group without any quality assurance at all...
Maybe jensen should take the cards out of the oven lol
Surely the worst case is if the solder joint cracks so there is some connection for the wire but with a high resistance generating heat.  Also with the pin still connected, it'll still be drawing current through it so some of that will come from the bad connection to the broken wire joint and some of it will be drawn from the other wires, through the 'foil' it's soldered to. That will increase the current draw on the other wires but also if the foil is under spec for the current passing across it, that will also generate heat.  Break two pins and it's at least twice as bad.
Nvidia do you think we all use an open air test benches and cases are all compatible with completely straight cables??
Totally crap design that needs bigger conductors in any case.  The resistance does not change by the way if you break one or two contacts you are just pulling more amps through the remaining pins that are too small in the first place.
11:54 Pointing thermal camera on the connector itself is totally useless. Plastic is a really good insulator. You may have a burned pins inside and the outer shell of the connector will be still intact.
Actually you made a small error while testing. There is a difference between cutting the cable and braking connector pin. The difference is, that when connector is broken it is not working / not giving current to the via that pin. This means that the rest of the pins have to work harder and giving more heat. However in your test you have cut the cable, but the power supplied by other cables was still flowing through all the pins giving you a better result than you would have otherwise.
These cables are just a bad idea!  Happy to stick with my 3090 - thank you very much!
Solder joints in connectors should only be used, if there is a clean(!) strain relief or you know for sure that the cable will never be mechanically stressed. Since the latter is, in my opinion, rather rarely the case, this is extremely dangerous and could be considered malpractice. I am not an electrical engineer myself, but this is among the basics they teach you in university according to a mate.
How the fuck did the PCI-SIG approve this crap?? Did they see the USB guys and think: We can top that shitshow!
Wait, did they solder multistrand wires? That shit's gonna break.
12:37 removing pin completely is not that bad as having just bad contact.
Another source of heat could be when one of the contacts tears that thin pad, and leaves a gap small enough to create an arc. That would easily create a hot spot that starts smoking and gets worse as the arc burns away the thin metal.
Did you up the power limit to 600 in afterburner for the test is yesterdays video? thats a 33% power diffrence and that may be the diffrence between 62 degrees and it burning up.
TLDR/W: The connections are crap and should not have been used. skip 4000 series.
its a stupid power connector,,
What an opportunity for accessory suppliers to sell safe cables :D
9:28 so from molex-like connector they did make sata-like connector...
So in other words Nvidia gave that to be done by some cheapo company and they just done that. A cheap, bad quality connector that can set whole houses on fire. And of course Nvidia will tell that everything is a okay and that's not their fault that users bend their cables. Classic big corpo bullshit.
I’ll wait to buy one until they get that figured out.
The biggest problem is that these cards just simply draw too much power. There is a point at which it simply doesn't make sense anymore.
This wouldn't be an issue if nvidia wasn't so butt-hurt on getting the 'crown in performance'. Like, what the hell do they intend to do with their next few gens? Require a jet engine to power them?
It's a bus bar. It could be constructed with the incoming wired much more robustly. I'm unsure why it's been soldered like each wire is coming to an individual pin.  ALSO, if you are using a multi-bus PSU you may be putting a high current at the output on a line running low amperage ... I'm not sure how that would influence PSU behaviour.
EVGA was right, Nvidia is left
Good reference point is the guy finding minimal damage after a week. With temperatures 60+, and minimal abuse during install (but still sideways pressure) it may take hours for it to slowly get soft and slowly melt away sufficiently to cause a point that can fail. Such as the constant sideways pressure after install and prolonged elevated temperature causing the connection to slowly deteriorate over time.  So to replicate, you may just need patience of turning it on a heavy load for, i dunno, minimum 2-3hours a day over multiple days while having some sideways pressure. After all these failures didnt appear straight from day1 release, they started appearing after time.
Use an extension to save the card and sacrificing the extension instead.
ALL THIS SHIT as put a huge stop/delay on me buying a new video card/case/atx3.0 psu... now im gonna wait for the dust to settle down and the fix to come soon and the release of the 4080 16gb and AMD card.... can't believe this hit the market in production for a premium 2500$ video card, imagine having this risk inside your system with all your data and components etc let's hope the fix doesn't take too much space or height on the side and can be bended well at a 90 degree angle
I see a problem in your test method trying to replicate this fault. You have completely removed the outer wire whereas under normal circumstances if it were to break the solder it would still be held in place still making contact with the rail, albeit a poor one. I work in the automotive industry working with 12v electronics and i see this melting problem fairly regularly with heater resistors rear light connectors and h4 headlamp connectors. The melting of these is always down to a poor but still present connection of the the terminal blade to pin(male to female part of the connector block). To identify this fault it needs to be done on a connector block that has suffered this problem, to see where the melting started.
@JayzTwoCents - A crack in the solder and what you're doing in this video are very different things. Like you said, Igor broke the tab off himself while trying to get the overmolded rubber off of the connector, that wasn't the source of the failure. A crack in the solder would result in power still being sent through that wire, yet through a smaller connection patch, meaning a higher resistance in that spot resulting in a higher amount of power being turned to heat which is then transferred to the pin where the plastic is the thinnest causing it to melt. Having the wire disconnected entirely as you do in this video would result in the power being sent through the remaining 3 wires only (200 watts each max) and wouldn't cause as much heat if any noticeable change at all. Through some light googling you will find that the 14 gauge wire used in this adaptor can handle around 192 watts at 12 volts so it would take a total draw of 576 watts to start building excess heat in the wire itself and there are very few situations where it would be drawing even that much power. This seems to be a bad design in the first place, but mostly bad quality control on the solder joint itself.
lol iv been saying that having 30-60 amp going threw a small connector will end in problems. think of it as drawing to much threw a wire it heats up and melts the insulation why would a .3 mm pin be able to draw that power without heating up. the engineers should know better basic electronics knowledge use a wire that can handle the power draw without generating a lot of heat. they just went the cheap and nasty rout and it bit them in the ass
Those wires are soldered to the terminals. With such a high amount of current going through them  the wires should be crimped to the terminals. Those wires could get hot enough to melt the solder thus shorting out against the ground wires. I run RC cars and trucks and all the multiple wire connectors are always crimped to the terminals. The battery terminals are usually soldered but those wires are separated within the connector and so they're less likely to short out. That looks like a really bad decision to solder the wires to the terminals. ???
I think that the metal pads are also too wide to each other. Heat expands metal and it can also be a cause of shortcut and burns
Considering that the solderjoint broke but it was still lodged firmly in there, that stuff probably caused intermittent connections (possibly even arcing), which are a LOT worse than a completely open circuit
So basically the main issue is poor connector construction. Job for manufacturing the connector was probably given to the lowest bidder. The problem with solder has always been that it cannot handle stress on any joint, which is why almost all connectors use crimping to connect the wire to the pins. I guess next thing is CableMod will make a killing selling their much improved cable and connector.
When it comes to power i only trust 2 companies - corsair and seasonic. I dont wanna Gigablow my cpu and motherboard ever again
Then why aren't they melting at the solder joint instead of the end of connectors?
Nvidia were like " Jay there's no issue with the connectors" now they are like "where's the wet wipes. I seem to have a little something on my face, what is that?...oh it's egg!"
Love to see you repping Volcom, Jay. Badass.
you have to run at least 80° for start melting it, for the smoke I think it was at 100° C
what a bodge job of an adapter
That 4 PCIe 8-pin to 16-pin adapter is just unbelievable stupid compared to Corsair's implementation. Why/how the heck they decide to do it so, that they take 1 power/ground cable pair from 4 separated 8-pin PCIe connectors, when there is 3 dedicated power/ground connectors in each 8-pin PCIe connector? Also with that NVidias solution there goes 12.5A per cable vs. Corsair's cable 8.3A. Propably their engineers has wrong kind of mushrooms in soup, or something... :/
NVIDIA should give him million dollars for it
As a low voltage systems integrator, i have to do the math for each install, and figure out what Guage wire and connectors i need to use. As the last qualified person in a systems room, not only do i have to check my own work, i have to check anything i find suspicious, as I could be found at fault.  The fact that they are shipping with these abominations is right up there with gigabyte power supplies. Please Nvidia, do better or I'll be going team red.
You do. not. solder. that. stuff. That's what crimps are for. Solder blobs make shit brittle and prone to breaking.
The problem with the heat is not coming alone from unplug one wire - its more about a loose contact who sometimes connected and sometimes not. While connecting it will create a lot of ampere to get through a high resistance. This will create some higher temperature!
Actually having a known possible design inefficiency with these plugs actually increases my confidence with this new Spec.  Hopefully this really is the one and only problem and can be mitigated with a simple cable redisign.
If the PCIe slot allows for 75 watts  and the card uses 450 watts at full tilt, You're looking at almost 32 amps going across that connector. P(watts)=I(current) x E(voltage)
6:26 FYI plastics like ABS don't melt at 100C but 220 to 260C. Anyone who owns a 3D printer knows.
If you (and Igor) are telling us that the sidepins are the one which are melting then the problem can't be that they break completely off (no connection -> no current -> no heat at these pins -> the other middle pins get warmer). So my impression is that the melting appears when the metal plates are cracked but still have some contact. In that situation there runs a lot of current through that cracked plate with this very high resistance so it gets very hot and melts the plastic.
I'm not sure but I think your test went wrong because you cut the wire , not made bad connection. Heat will be created if there's a bad connectivity, low area of connection, or even arc. Just cutting will increase power supply load but not heat
Why are these not crimped like power supply wires are meant to be? Do folks making these not read the cabling handbooks anymore?  Also 'Sol-Der', not SoD-Der. There's an L in the word that seems as hard for folks from the US to say as the second i in Aluminium.
What you are pretty much saying is that Nvidia cheaped out on the adapters that came along with the RTX 4090?
Side to side could stretch the outer conductors to the point you either create a break/open that’s short enough for arcing, or reduce the diameter of the conductor.  A decrease in diameter of the conductor reduces surface area and in turn increases resistance which results in increased heat over time.
it's likely you need to go for an "extended gaming session" of a couple hours or so for a few days to recreate the issue more consistently.
I would think the heat comes from electricity trying to bridge the gap.
But was all the sensing wires connected? How many pins was actualy in use?
Ok now we have a driver problem that kills the video cards, there was some reddit posts about that but nvidia's peoples removed them.
Clearly a sh**y IPC class 1 soldering quality
I don't get it. If the outer wires broke from the metal foil shield, there is no current passing through them. How is heat generated on them to melt those plastic keys? The inner conductors would be carrying more current and thus heat things up...
The defect is in soldering. There's good reasons why nobody worth their salt solders wire connections---especially ones that are poorly-designed to handle any sort of flexing---unless they have no other choice...Like weight is at a premium, etc. I find it humorous that you hold up the 3090 version as an example of doing it right, but completely ignored the fact that those wires in the 3090 version are crimped to pins, not soldered. NVIDIA should know better.  The idea of combining four connectors into a smaller set of pins is why they went with solder, and that's where they got it wrong. The number of 14AWG wires there is plenty to handle 600W of power with just three, and they could have easily crimped those properly.
Im using my adapter that came with my Zotac 4090 Trinity for one week now. Till now I have no problem. I've checked the connector and everything looks good. But i ordered a new cable from CableMod.
Made the jump to AMD earlier this year. The only thing I want  melting stuff in my house is my sandwich press.
FFS the failure step is directly related to CURRENT. It's low enough to work just fine through all the connections, then one of them is weakened through bending or some other physical problem and when the draw is high enough through those points of high resistance, you get those weak points overloading until the plastic connector is melted and get wires fully separating from the pad/pin assembly. I agree that the solder jobs on these failing connectors looks bad. Despite the $$$$ record, I'm not personally nor commercially invested enough in this hobby to suspect issues with PCI-E voltage supplies or their connections so I'm going to snooze through this entire arc. Good luck.
That is very odd. Molex don't even have a spec sheet for non-crimp terminals, and expecting solder joints to spread the load of 4 wires over 6 terminals is risky at best, but this does at least explain the symptoms seen.  I don't know what wire gauge this connector is using, but 18AWG wire is only rated for 10A @ 60°C, so 4x would only be able to provide 480W before needing to get hotter than this.  I suspect they are using 16AWG wire (13A at 60°C, so 624W, 4% headroom), but Molex don't do 16AWG crimp terminals, hence this solder/foil based 'hack'.  As it said in the video, if they had used individual 18AWG wires to each crimp terminal, this problem would have been pretty unlikely. Each wire would have had a lot more strain relief. Crimping is far safer than soldering when it comes to strain resistance. Even if they had soldered the outside wire to two terminals, and the inside wires to one terminal each, the extra strain relief might have made this sort of failure far less likely.  Ultimately though, this all boils down to the available headroom in the design.  The old Mini-fit connectors may have been conservative with their ratings (with 150W rating on a connector rated for over 400W), but with more than 50% headroom in the design, losing half of your connectors would not have caused a catastrophic failure, as can happens with this micro-fit based connector.
This feels like going from USB mini B to micro B. It’s too fragile, too annoying to adapt, and everyone is going to do theirs differently. Let’s just go to usb C please 😂
"we test our products"
I still don't understand why even 8 pin PCIe connector exists. What's the problem with using 12 volt eps (cpu) connectors for everything?
I am no expert but as a 3D printing  enthusiast I'd say 100 degree Celcius shouldn't be enough to melt ABS plastic (or even PET/G)
a wire on a piace of metal inside of piace of sh*t plastic... will we need some quality stamp for safety? is it illegal in terms of electrical laws for safety?
Has NVidia even announced that this is a problem? With something as serious as a potential fire they need to be informing the public about this obvious issue.
Contacts do not melt if they have good enough connection.  I would say that it is a lose connection causing sparking that melts the connertor.  *_This explanation from igorslab does not make any sense._* It might be that it is a symptom of an other problem, but not the problem.
In other words its a really shit design and for such an expensive item it shouldn't be happening at all
@jay you mean to say Busbar ;) haha
Okay, um i agree with Igor, but there is something else here. Its not only that you draw the same amount of power through less cables, but also the fact that the pad broke off and is now sitting in there freely, means that it could potentially create a bad connection. Now by bad connection i mean that the pad may partially touch the other end of the connector, which results in higher resistance across the connection of the pad and the connector which means its going to get really hot. That is why i think your plug didn't melted despite the fact that you cut the wire Jay. :)
This guy was bashed for power concern and melting connectors , everyone said he was paranoid.oh boy now everyone is saying he was right .  He was right when he said this was time to buy GPU and was right when he said to wait few months bf buying 4090
that's great if you buy the corsair plug but is it compatible with like an EVGA power supply.................
After seeing the stripped down connector, that's such a shite design
Just milking money by making videos on trending topics that we should not be worried by spending this much money
Nvidia is pretty much dead to me. Not only the prices are insane for high-end, but also they cut corners with adapters and shit, most likely I will move to AMD after almost 15 years of break, enough is enough Nvidia
Hopefully older GPUS aren't as badly engineered as this.
Can't describe how happy I am to have not FOMO'd in on these new gen cards. Looking like team red might pull something awesome out of the bag with their upcoming 7000 series GPUs...
maybe cutting off the plastic cover allows enough direct cooling of the connector to prevent the overheating?
How about microarcing?
Dude, the reason they are melting is obvious to an electronic engineer, it's just math, you need enough surface-area to make contact or impedance/resistance increases, when resistance increases heat is created, as metal heats impedance increases until combustion. The connectors have been poorly engineered with no room for error/poor installation/construction. I predicted this issue months ago. It will get worse too, if those pins are crimped, impedance will increase over time with oxidisation.
the problem might also be intruduced due to sparks. if the pad breaks off.. its still in the are where connection would be possible. so if the connector gets hot and expands slightly..there could be contact again .. and that sparks would light up the connector pretty damn fast. and with this amount of amps running through .... the electric arc would be "huge" i guess
One cable to one pin is always preferable because you can make a type of strain relief out of a flared pad end. This entails using a piece of foil slightly wider than the wire and bending it into a U shape which reinforces the entire socket to wire. The single foil means there is not enough material between the wire connections to make a strain relieving bracket.
It's just like when I have to throw away my vape because it's cheaply designed
The joke of today's scientists...everyone has a different opinion but no one has the facts. When it comes to electronics, knowledge, measurements and facts only matter...but soon the bad or dumb technicians will say that you are doing hate speech and hurting their feelings instead of learning and figuring out that they need to go back to school...
Just to mention something on the connector itself. In electronics we recommand 0.75mm² cross section to pass 7A, from igor's lab documents i found out that each pin of the 12VHPWR connector have 0.64mm width, that make 0.40mm² that should be used for 4A. By sending 600w it make 50A, so each pin has 8.33A to transmit which is way too much for the cross section they have. Having such a small pin for so much power is crazy in a electrical point of view, where are electrical engineer at nvidia ?
Soon as one of the connections fails it won't be the extra current on the rest that's creating the bulk of the heat. With the distances involved, 14ga wire should be able to handle running the full 50A (600W at 12V) off just two wires, and the three conductors on the 8-pin connector being at least 18ga should also be able to handle this even with just two of them connected - provided the two remaining connections weren't on a pigtail. And I would hope those upper-end PSUs are using 16ga wires instead. Not saying I'd want to have that much current through so few conductors of that size, but it shouldn't cause the kind of failures being seen.  But a broken contact which is still being held in place without being secured while being subjected to continual vibration (those fans might be smooth but they won't be perfect) is going to arc. Arcing generates a HUGE amount of heat, very quickly, which is why it's used for welding. This would very quickly melt the connector and damage the foil bus, potentially leading to a cascading failure unless you're "lucky" enough to have the arcing pieces separate quickly.
i supposed that cable was soldered by machine, right?!
Sorry but i think you  missunerstand the problem. When one of the pins is cracked but not entirely then resistance on that pin increase significantly and there comes the temperature. If one of the pins is cracked entirely and there is lot of curent in the circuit it can cause short inside the plug and can cause melting it. You can't se sparks inside the connector but i think they are there.
A crack or break in the thin metal could cause arcing, creating more heat within the connector.
If you have a ATC 3.0 power supply and you are not using the pig tail adapter does that negate this problem?
Intermittent connection caused by broken wires or leads will bridge by arching. If the arcing is frequent enough it's gonna melt. This is seen constantly in homes with bad breaker to bus bar configurations, outlets, etc.
Should I be worried that the cable that came with my MSI Gaming X trio 4090 only has 3 plugs and not 4?
I build and play with RC cars. All the cables and the connectors within PC look morronic. At this point with current pricing of PC stuff, FFS just start using flexible silicone cables and proper banana style connectors... Old Standards = Constrain.
They should just recall the card, Nvidia costs too much anyways. Overrated
My colleague Rob just turned up. I told him about about the 12VHPWR connector. His comment was *YOU CAN'T DO THAT !*. THAT'S RIDICULOUS.  Nvidia urgently needs to learn how to eat humble pie and COMPLETELY reverse direction 180 degrees, What on earth were they thinking ?
Many excellent videos Jay, but today many conclusions and explanations are not correct. Proof: Look at the melted positions. The highest heat is directly at 1 or more of the 12 sockets not at the connection to the 14 AGW cores! It is the contact resistance at the thin pin/socket which causes the problems when they are not aligned because the adapter was/is bent too much. The adapter starts melting inside at the socket. Please ask a few very good electric engineers. They will confirm my observation.
Well i was going to be buying a 4090 when the new stocks come in but after watching this i am seriously thinking of going over to AMD Card this is bulshit i always expected this cable was a afterthought i guess i was right this is something that should have been tried and tested before seling to the public.
Bending Side to Side pulls the Pins off the solder joint. But it's not just about 400w going through 66% or 50% of the pins, you now have a connection with a .5mm break, and high amps/voltage going thru it.  .5mm gap on a 150w circuit, you'd have arcing between the wire and the pin connection.
This is not at all what I was expecting. If you read the comment on the previous video about this, I described about the current load, and how I felt that could be the problem. In a way, it somewhat is, but I had been thinking about the whole wire system. I was also mistaken in the amount of current vs ground wires. Since he described the 2 sense pins telling the PSU there is more power needed, it is drawing more power through a few areas than necessary, causing the plastic to overheat, but the total power delivered is still within spec. I feel there could be a change to both the sense pins (a sense pin for each wire) and the foil metal (I feel it should be thicker with better, more durable solder joints.) I feel like that may solve a lot of issues, especially regarding sense pins. I feel like if a sense pin can tell if there is a problem with a joint, it should tell the device to power off or run on reduced load, just as a precaution. I am additionally concerned, however, with the grade of plastic. If it is beginning to melt at 100°C, it's a bit concerning as you have described in previous videos GPUs themselves can get nearly that hot. At 95, 96 C, it's already going to be soft and flexible. At that point, it'll only take poor ventilation or a bad cooling system with a possible poorly designed GPU in the future to cause this issue to happen. Thank goodness the 4090 does not run anywhere near that hot to begin with.
Thats what you get for making the plug so small... Really unnecessary.
Зачем там вообще разделение на площадки если они все одинаковые. Сделай единую сверху и снизу. На ВК все равно же в одну след. они
cutting the wire isnt the way to do it, instead if a pad broke off, there's the possibility of it touching the neighboring pad, so when the card demands more power, and the sense wire not knowing the pad broke and the wire is now feeding it's power into it's neighbor... so now you have two wires feeding power into a single pad, so that sounds like a more likely scenario of what occurs to cause overheating of the connector.  Alternatively is if the pad broke and is barely hovering near it's neighbor which causes electrical arcing, and as anyone who knows the 101 basics of arcing/shorts, it's super hot (aka melts the connector).
Cheap Chinese electronics. Called it easily.
Jay, you relied on the wrong source for analysis of the problem.  See Buildzoid's analysis. Summary: Buildzoid suspects that the sockets are loosened enough through flexing to not contact the pins properly.  if the solder joints were bad, the heat would be generated at the joints at the top of the connector, but the failures show heat at the pin to socket interface, so it's not bad solder joints, but poor pin to socket contact that's causing the melting.
@Jayztwocents if all of the connections are bridged... Then what's the point of the sense wires? They're all connected! Meaning you could only connect a single 6 pin plug and the card would run at the full ~600 watts.  Not only would you need to disconnect the 6pin plug, but you would also need to break one of the connections off in order for it to notice.  Maybe I'm thinking of this wrong.. But aren't all of the positive pins bridged as well as the negative ones?
Contraditory
Thank you all for youre dedication to our saftey, you gamers nexus and igors lab are amazing
Jay, the case, that you're trying to reproduce, is not just dependent on +12V cable presence itself. When the solder breaks inside the plug (or these small metal traces leading from the metal strip to the connector breaks) the distance is relatively small, and with GPUs high current demand for solder joint or pin (>9A) it can cause micro sparking. Sparks equals heat and current fluctuations that lead to more sparks and especially heat generated on connector. Since the metal connector inside the plug has got the highest surface, it designates more heat to surrounding, hence melting plugs. Those splitters are under designed, and Nvidia should get back to pin-to-pin configuration.
1400/4 = 350 600/2 = 300 If 2 plugs break that would be pretty close to the Galax test limit.
Looking back on it, who thought adapting 4x 8-pin > 8 cables > 12 tiny pins/thin metal would be fine? (Not an electrical engineer) Wouldn't it have been better if 4x 8-pin > distbrition block > 12 dedicated cables like the corsair cable? Then again it's nvidia, they dont give a fuck about consumers and probably cheaped out for their almost $2000 GPU
Ok nice and what is the name of the cable we need to order to be save ?
4:55 - Number of cables connected to the plug shouldn't have any impact in the plug melting. Resistance of a cable is a physical value and it's constant. The only values that change are the voltage and current. The less cables are used with the same current value, the more they heat up. The bottleneck is always the thinnest point in the circuit, which is the plug. And yes - if there are poor solders in the plug they can be cracked creating even more bottleneck for the electric current.
One thing I can't get my mind around is if those small 12 pins are enough for delivering 600w, why the hell did they make an adapter, utilizing 32 bigger pins?!
The pins are melting 'at the end' of the connector and not at the junction between connector and wires. Thermal camera actually reads the temp of the plastic that is lower than the temp at the pins junction and the test bench is not a real case scenario. This is an issue that probably starts with a crack inside the encased junction between wires and connector (which cause higher resistance and rising temperature) and degenerate in a cascade failure (electrical arc at the junction between cable pin and card pin) due to poor contact caused by thermal expansion of the pin connector-side.
well igor is not just an enthuiast, he's determined to figure things out.
Honestly. 4 8 pins would look cooler anyway. I paid extra to have 3 3pins on my 3080 because i like the Look :)
Because 4090 is not a generational improvement over 3090, it's an entirely different, panic-made videocard that for some reason was called 4090 instead of 4095Ti - because it's sold at a much higher price and doesn't replace 3090 (like a generational improvement should), while also clearly being badly designed - it's too huge, it requires a gimp stick to hold it, it has badly designed power cable. But yes the performance is great. Yet clearly it was NVidia trying to cockblock AMD ASAP as they clearly got wind of what RDNA3 is capable of.
I am working in a electronic production and let me tell you: These soldering Job is very difficult as you need to heat up the thick wire enough to get a good joint. But with the metal attached to the plastic housing of the connector, too much heat will melt it right away. So you have to find the sweet spot between melting the plastic and a cold solder joint. I think the design is bad and Nvidia should replace it with the one were every pin has its dedicated cable.
Shitty connector  2x8 - 3x8 pin is way beter and proved it self over the past years 🤷🏼‍♂️
Looking at the connector layout, the outer 2 pins are each taking the full current from their respective 8-pin.  The inner pins are all taking 1/2 the current, therefore less heating. That will make any heating on outer pins worse. Heating is proportional to current squared.
When its the outside pins that meld, then the outside cables shouldn't be completely cut off which would put the middle ones under more stress. Logic error.
Arc = Baby lightning ⚡= 🔥
And here I am saving up for a 30$ K620 ddr3 quadro for my e3 1260l v1
I think its called a bus bar😁
It's called a bus bar
Fuck Nvidia
not for typical ITX users for both 4090/80. I cannot avoid bending the cable. what a way to piss a customer. off.
I wonder if this was part of the shit fight that made EVGA stop working with Nvidia
The high heat is probably created by sparking at broken joint.
If the heat would come from more resistance, the rest of the plug would melt, not a pin that is still connected to the distribution plate. The front/"keys" of the plug doesn't burn when the problem is in the back. More likely a bad connection that sparks repeateatly.
I mean, if you're gonna sell a gpu for 1600$ (or much more), just don't do hacky shit like soldering four wires to six pins on a flimsy piece of metal. That solder job looks worse than what I do on my Grandpa's model train set.
!!!  @JayzTwoCents sry but you misunderstand IgorsLab his main message is that when you bend this adapter mounted on your graficscard the overheating will happen because the pins of the connector from the card will bend the inner of the adapter !!!!
The melting happened on the outside pins which indicates the inside pins are not overloaded.  It the inside pins were overloaded they should be the ones that are melting.  It sounds like the outside pins are still connected but the joint has a higher impedence than normal.  Meters that can measure low impedences are expensive but there are some low cost devices made for vaping that can measure resistance down to a small fraction of an ohm.  . At high currents a tiny increase in impedence of the connection can cause a significant rise in operating temperature.
Maybe rebuild out of materials that are heat resistant and more of an mechanical design...
Thanks to Igor's Lab for pointing this Flaw out. Hope they fix it as its a fire Hazzard. Thanks Jay for you work in pointing this out.
Your explanation doesn’t make much sense to me. If you’re claiming that the outer conductors are breaking so that all the current is flowing through the inner two conductors in the plug then naturally it should be the inner two conductors in the plug that get hottest and that’s where you should see the melting not on the outer two conductors which you are theorizing are not carrying any current. I think what’s more likely to be happening is that the solder joints on the outer ends of the plugs are partially breaking meaning that the current which would normally go through a nice Wide solder joint is now going through part of a solder joint or a point contact so the current density at the solder joint of the outer conductors is much higher because you have the same amount of current flowing through a smaller cross section.  If the broken solder joint is still making contact that makes the resistance of the contact go up markedly and therefore so should the heat Which is why you see the outer plugs melts and not the inner ones.
It's a feature, they're melting themselves in place for a secure fit :)
Cablemod be like: I have the solution, coming soon...
Is cablemod solution safe? They said they made it with corsair' s solution in mind..
Another L for jay
Classic early adapters problem. Pun intended.
Imagine spending the amount of money needed for a 4090 and this happens. Although, the dying memory on the launch 2080ti was only a few years ago.
If the foil part breaks inside the connector the tiny gap will add resistance and the power will arc over the tiny gap in the foil inside the plug and melt the plastic.
From all that has been shown here i suspect the pads are cracking but are held in place by the plastic. This means they do make contact and do allow power to flow but at very high resistance, perhaps even with arcing. This is why its the outer pins are melting.
To much amps through those cables :P
at 9:57 the left one ist also broken!
Jay, instead of bashing Nvidia, how about telling people to actually adhere to NVidias recommendations to NOT BEND the cable exactly as told NOT TO BEND THEM.  each one of these users showed pics of their builds and each one had horizontal BENDS.
That is one nasty solder job
I find it "interesting" that the wires aren't crimped.
Nvidia: We are begging you, please stop calling us out so accurately and let us sweep this under the rug.
I suspect that the issue is not in having cables totally disconnected from the pins, but when there is a crack in the solder the resistance on that pin will go up causing the heating problem.  If the cable is disconnected completely from the pin the power is distributed across the the other wires.  They and the plug are likely to get hotter but it is when power is still passing through a high resistance joint, poor or partially broken solder that the resistance, and hence the heat really goes up then the pin that has suffered the damage can cause melting around it.  You were actually creating a different fault in your test here.
This crap is not going anywhere near my PC. Glad I waited and don't have money for 4090 anyway.
Its a cold solder looks like that in one of the pictures from Igors.  I dont dare to try out my 4090 yet with that plug. Ges i just have to wait to get a propper wire when they come out. Or get a flir cam recording when in use hard to game if you have to tjeck the flir cam every 5 second. Is there a way to tjeck the cable ?
you mad or jealous he found it and not you?  i mean, its not like you absolutely failed to intentionally cause a fire yourself.
Thats why you dont use solder where there may be flex or movement. Ever taken apart a pair of headphones? The solder joint is protected from movement via an S loop or a stopper to prevent the cable from damaging the solder joint. For engineers whom can design a op 4090, this is a stupid move. only crimp connections should be used in this scenario. ever see soldering on a wiring job in a car? ofc you don't all the vibrations will eventually destroy a solder joint.
I love that theyre going to have to do a recall on what is going to amount to like $0.50 of cost savings. This shouldn't happen at this level of product.
Nvidia have paid a hitman to silence Jay.
Still an engineering failure.
Why they thought a connector that small pulling more amps than a level 2 EV charger wouldn't be a potential hazard is beyond me. Not a single one my friends or I would be opposed to a triple six or even triple eight pin setup. Edit: I know the power draw itself isn't exactly the issue, but that much power in such small space creates absolutely no room for error. Having less amps through each pin would reduce resistive heating if the connection isn't quite perfect.
It's like Nvidia spend way too much time making a good GPU and less time for the cable...which they had done horribly, melted cables anyone?
Who the fck designed it so fckin poorly jzs
They should be using silver solder on these connections, not lead-free solder, which is absolute garbage.
man, am I lucky that I can't afford a 4090, imagine having to worry about trying to not burn your house while playing Need for Speed... all while trying not to drown in your own tears from the electrical bills that keep getting higher... I sincerely feel bad for 4090 owners
Good to know the dedicated cable is good just the adapter is garbage.
amazon link is not working
it would be called a busbar... In electric power distribution, a busbar (also bus bar) is a metallic strip or bar, typically housed inside switchgear, panel boards, and busway enclosures for local high current power distribution.
This type of connecting the wire with a pin is soooooo baaaaad... The cable should be clamped on the pin itself and then soldered. No wonder the cables are getting snapped from the metal plate, when the soldering surface is like what? 1mm?
Looks like igors lab and jays connectors are off different construction. Jays has singe bus bar right where cables are soldered while on Igors cables have separate solder pads and are bridged deeper down. Middle cables are actually have two solder pads per wire while outer ones have only one per wire. Which kind explains why issues are observed on outer pins as they have weaker joint.
hilarious that they decided to make PSU's so smart, yet it fails at such a dumb level in this case.
what the hell are they waiting for to change that stupid design ? 2 or more big plugs to 1 smaller one ? what the hell they were smoking ? it was bad from the start.
The problem is not loosing 1 or 2 wires and having 2 "good" ones handling all the amps. The problem is just one wire joint braking, but not loosing complete connection. A loose connection creates a high resistance path, which at the end, causes an increase in temperature. I insist, a loose connection, not a completely cut wire.
I have to pause to ask this question.... Why the flippin flippflopity flop! ,, couldn't they just have the "Sensing" on the Actual ground wires, instead of routing it outside and basically hotglue a 4 pin connector to the cable??? Not only would that have prevented the melting issues, but it would have made the connector sooo much simpler. What were they thinking???
This is a shitty connector.  In my world of truck electrics I have dealt with pins this size, but a much better quality that can handle 100A.  These cheap arse fire hazards will crack and fatigue to the point where they arc and heat up at the failed joint with only 10A.  Nvidia should be highly embarrassed, and possibly sued for such a terrible design choice - to save a few $$ on a ~$1700USD product.  Wait until someone's house burns down....
Why not trying a similar patient. Like the adapter and card from Gigabyte or Asus TUF. As of now, I haven't seen an FE burning.
Over 2000$ product btw
Wow, great video. All I can think is look at all this free RnD Nvidia is getting from all the YT channels.
40 minutes is not even a complete CSGO match!! The test should have a relative to gaming duration time! The worst case I guess is when there is a crack on that soldered surface not a break Also a better recreation of the problem would be in a closed PC case not an open bench one
mby i wasnt paying enough attention, but you said ground has to be plugged so the card draws over 450, but if you cut the write (not just break the 1 cable of the pad) than the ground is not connected and the card wont pull over 450 or am I missing something?  EDIT: ah i get it you cut the cable which goes to pad and leave the ground in tact, ok, but then, if you cut it, its clean, but if its only broken and dangling there, that would be totaly different case, it might connect sparely (especialy if its in close proximity - on very short distances, electricity can travel through air without touching - that would create massive resistance (heat) - like a lightning during the storm.
BUT WHERE IS MY DAILY DOSE OF IFIXIT-EXPLOSIONS?!?! ;(
Since the outside pins are the ones melting, i would think its not a los connection bad a bad connection. If they were completely disconnected, the hot spot would be the remaining middle pins, right?  So i guess they have a very bad, loose connection on the outside pins and thus create a high resistance on those pins --> more heat on the outside.  That being said... I wonder how many adapters are out in the wild that have completely disconnected outer wires with no way for the average non-tech-savy customer to identify?
This is why EVGA left!
nvidia still cant figure it out 🤣 how funny is that
Well good to feel humbled by being wrong.  But we only can learn from this if we open ourselves to... oops I was wrong, time to make sure I correct myself.  Guess it wasn't necessarily manufacturing defects but then, could they be cracked from the factory and getting past QC somehow?  It might be a possibility that both what he and Igor are saying and what I'm saying is true.  If they aren't the best solder joints (cold or cracked) then... well it's inevitable for a bend to cause it to happen.  Still hmmm...
NVIDIA doesn't need any investigation, internet doing that for free with 100% guaranty.
Dig the Volcom shirt 🤘
Clearly Quality Assurance is an issue here on the build quality of the adapter, cutting corners to save money ?? , that always comes back to haunt you
I'm confused (not difficult) if the wire breaks to the outer pins they carry no current, no current = no heat,more current to the inner pins so they get hottter, so why are the outer pins overheating?
lets make a higher power connector...with smaller pins!...you know the crucial part where electrons flow.
I think the risk is more in it _just_ making contact. Still conducting, but through a tiny connection = heat.
Buy our 1599$ gpu, and don't forget our cheap cable that made of poop.
If you were correct about the outside connections breaking completely and all the power being drawn through the remaining two central cables/connections, then the connector would melt in the middle, not the sides.  What is probably happening is the outside cable connections are only partially breaking, increasing resistance or, in the worst case, completely breaking but then arcing.  Both of these scenarious would increase heat on these connections, leading to melting on the outsides.
If you're using a good PSU, it will know that a pin has been disconnected and no longer pulling power. Then, it may internally switch that wire off. You may think you're still pulling the same wattage, but really, you're not. I doubt it's a manufacturing defect, if a 4090 was in a bad case, in a room that say maybe hot from a heater in winter, or near a heater on the ground then maybe this would happen. Nvidia, have probably sold over 10,000 units or more by now, if only 2-3 are like this I would suspect user error. IF 100 or more, then you can say it could be a manufacturing issue.
Bla bla bla blaaaaaaaaaaaaaa - dude, stop stretching your 2 minute videos to the nowhere
How emblematic is it of Nvidia's corporate greed that they'll charge $1600 for these cards, but cut corners on a $0.16 cable connector block.
Tbh.... we are dealing with the most highend stuff here.... 1000s of dollars and they cheap out on the connectors ? who thinks of that ***** shit... soldering in a connector... damn should have kept it like the old plugs... a direct wire with a pin crimped on it...
They were stupid to solder it. You don't solder connections like that for this exact reason. You crimp them. Also, I'm still not convinced this isn't a pin fitment issue. They are melting at the pins, not at the hilt of the connector. Looks like a shitty design overall, with shitty build quality as well.
what engeneer said yeah this is a smart design. because 12 tiny wires is better then 2 massive 8pins. like wtf
This is just greed rushing and pushing this connector through poor design nice one nvidia
First you state that many commenters are contradicting each other and then continue making a claim that does not make sence physically. If the outer two connectors are broken & not connected. Then the heat would accumulate to the remaining good connectors them having to serve the amps that the two broken connectors used to handle. I'm not saying that it's completely wrong or that you'd be completely off, but the explanation you gave was wrong.
so basically the issue are the adapters and not the actual gpu or connectors...
So, when I heard that the connector had an IC that balanced the load between all the power inputs, I was mislead. This is a dumb adapter.
Good work , I’m getting impression this adapter and this foil metal and solder is definitely the issue , the question now when are GPU manufacturers going shift away from this particular implementation
"I'll wait for the 50 series 🥲"
How can the outside cables get hot when they broke off? If they break off than no current flows through those cables so actually the inside pins should've broke.
So spend £1600 and then you need to buy a 3rd party cable yer well played Nvidia.
I don't think the issue is it breaking off and shunting power to other wires, but rather breaking off and _then touching again_ so all the current from one plug goes through a tiny contact patch, which will easily make things red hot and melt the plug
solder joints are a big no no for connectors.
Glad to see the problem with adapter cable melting was figured out. What's the solution? So that adapter Is not to be used check. Jay mentioned the corsair power cables are much better. Do those cables come with new PSU 's? I have watched many reviewers using 1500-watt PSU with the 4090's and new CPU benchmarks. Is it really necessary to have that big of a PSU? Is the corsair 1000watt enough? I've read the requirements of PSU ratings and watts from the AIB websites and Nvidia. I'd just like to know what size a PSU I actually need to have.
When I researched solder vs crimp for power cables last year the one take-away I got was that if you solder the cables, some amount of solder will be sucked into the cable itself and it will harden it, making it easier to break because you essentially created a kind of lever. Thats why crimping cables is the superior technique because the cable stays flexible.
Seeing the transfer plate, there is some bad soldering but there is also a need for thicker plate. The plate is too thin for it to be breaking within weeks of the launch. Those adapters will be burning someones house down. The whole thing needs to be re engineered. Honestly I can't see why they are only using 14 gauge wire for this kind of draw. They should be 12 gauge. Somethings should be over engineered and this is one of them.
When someone states that they know what the issue is without giving any proof. Just ignore em. Internet is full of idiots who think they are smart.
Ha I'm totally safe. Due to Nvidia's paper launch none of these cards are available.
Still comes down to a flawed design. A design that is too flimsy to be real world capable. That is an engineering fault.
Hey Jay, The reason of the outer lines getting smoked is the fragile and weakened connection, not - as you tried to recreate - the higher load of the middle lines (if true, there should be the melding going on). The true reason is the weak connection of the outer lines, creating a bottleneck (resistance) for the current, which results in big heat a this exact spots. If you cut it, there will be no heatspot at all, but the other lines will compensate the current by gaining a few degrees more....  High resistance = high heat
wondering why car have such chunky cables on DC... dont need special knowledge. they made very very pricey home burner I would suggest buying insurance with 40xx series. we'll see even more cheaper adapters on market for sure
Learning basics of ohm law can be expensive
Video Starts at 0:34 . Thank me later
You should cut the wires but let them touch the solder a bit. This will recreate the issue better.
How typical that on such an expensive power hungry card, some corporate bean counter put such a crappy cable.
I can feel Jays' disappointment with that last line "just.. don't use the adapter"  nVidia, you need to do better. Just because you're a Mega Corp. doesn't meant you can't make mistakes. If you're called out for bullshit, take it in, think about it, act on it. Don't just ignore it and claim it's not a problem because "you know best" when it clearly is a problem. That jank ass connector.  I know I won't be buying a 40 series until all cards that have that plug are recalled, studied, and have that plug replaced with something better, and the connector for that plug on the card improved, since Jay showed that it wobbles.  I'll buy a 30 series before your amazing 40 series in a heartbeat
Hey Jay, its not the resistance that will cause the heat, but the spark between the disjointed connections. Thats how most electrical house fires start, arcing on a bad connection, we wouldn't have house fires if there was no arcing.
Corporation thanks Igor's Lab 😂
I originally sent you the Igor's link so I'm glad you read the article. Love your videos. Best regards Robert (a.k.a. rjohnson11 EVGA volunteer forum moderator)
Exactly why in the England we have just made it a british standard to have arc fault detection devices protecting all socket outlets.
yay I did it :D
These terminals are supposed to be crimped. The metal connecting them is merely the carrier. The joint is usually scored to make it easier to snap off since that's what you're supposed to do with it.
Internet doing Nvidias job for them again.
well shit even more justification for EVGA to have divorced with nvidia.
So pretty much they modified the format of the connectors(probably to save some production cost), and accepted that their new design was gonna be way too fragile, but went with it anyway(as they issued warnings about not bending the cables, it's hard to imagine they weren't aware. Best case, they could argue they thought it'd be a bit more robust than it actually would be).
Also of note, 2 plugs from the power supply end go to 4 pins on the graphics card, then 2 plugs from the power supply go to 8 pins. This means the outside pins are having to draw higher wattage thru them, thus resulting in higher temps/wear on the 2 outside pins on each side. (pause at 4:59 and look closely at the photo). If each cable draws 150 watts, the outside will draw 75 watts per pin, the inside 4 wires will draw 37.5 watts per pin.  Also if you look at how Jay's is soldered, the solder spreads the power across all of the pins, as it looks like it is 1 solid bead of solder from 1 side to the other (ie. no separation between sets of pins). This may be why Jay can't recreate the issue, because his was designed to draw power equally. My guess, at least 2 different manufactures of the adapter cable.
I think if we pull power from only 2 of the 4 connectors, the problem will be on the PSU side of those connectors. For me the problem is, they get loose and sometime touching and making connection and sometime we have distance and because this distance we get heat.
Yeah I'm just gonna stick to the 30 series when I get one thanks.  The 40 series just looks like a disaster from every angle, and the price just isn't worth it.
Why? By design.
I think the reason why temperature didn't build up is because connector was cut open, and heat easily dissipated. If the same experiment was done with intact connector which is tight sealed, temperature would be much higher inside.
I can't believe they thought that was a good solution.  Two huge issues.  1. Spitting one wire across two pins.  Not unheard of, but for this kind of application?  Nah, can't see any reason for it.  2. Solder is the only thing holding the wire to the pin(s)?  LoL.  This should obviously be a crimped connection that is also soldered.  The likely issue for the melted connectors is the solder joint was poor and/or cracked from bending the cable, and that would greatly increase resistance.
It is annoying,,, they (nvidia) can make a single simple connector for the gpu like Psu's power cord, that's it, they like things being complicated, such a shame
As a really shity engineer, I think Jay wasn't able to remake it or have higher temp, because he cut/snap it in opened connector. When it's closed and snapped, there will be electric arcs, small but many inside, and it raises temperature
Loving this hot content
soon pc case manufacturers will add a smoke detector, maybe even a small fire extinguisher 😁
Too much current for the connector and wiring. No charge.
I think Jay got it a bit backwards. I think the problem is power is going through broken contacts. So it goes through a contact that has very high resistance (small surface area touching) so that is the Heat and burnin of the  side connectors.  If it was the problem of too much power going through the healthy connections then the middle ones would melt.  Also the middle ones are 2 pins per 1 wire, so its better ballanced. In the end - this connector is trash and they should ALL be mass re-called.
Also can't wait to see nvidia boast about there sales after this... 🤣
Buy AMD :) problem solved!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My thinking here is if they have cut corners on the cheapest part of the product where else have they cut corners??
I wonder if an Arc Fault Detection Device (AFDD) would detect this sort of thing.
I splurged on a 4090. I then got one of those new Gigabyte PG5 power supplies which has the new 12vpwr connectors on the PSU as well as they included the cable of course. It seems to be working safely so far in case it helps anyone skip this dangerous low quality Nvidia 4 cable adapter
Get a hold of @electroboom he would definately figure it out
I think the cable must be made of copper in order to handle this amount of watts and heat, its not about bending the cable it's all about build materials and quality
The future you might see 24volt dc rails that support next generation gpu. Higher voltage will reduce high amps and less heat issues
So basically throw the Nvidia cable away and get an aftermarket one
What makes more heat than less connectors, is a loose, partly connected joint! Because it will create a scenario, where the current creates little sparks which are jumping the gab.  This is much worse than having less cables connected! Thats why it is not getting that hot after you removed the solder-joint.
JayzTwoCents I went to Nvidia HQ today and one of their engineers told me to use 1500W PSU and L shaped power connectors.
imagine buying a 3k card and getting a top notch adaptercable... oh wait :/
what about the new PSU's which have already the 12VHPWR plug and you dont require an adapter? Are they safe?
Good thing I'm sticking with evga quality
I can't believe you spent another 15 minutes playing nVidia's skin flute. What the hell. The damn thing costs nearly 2,000$ and you handwave it as "well, you know, not that big of a deal... sometimes things happen. Why I remember a motherboard that cost a hundred dollars had a non-dangerous defect too, sometimes!".  It costs nearly 2,000$ and if it's an affected one, it's literally a goddamn BOMB. That's not BAD to you? Especially from nVidia who have a history of dangerously unsafe heat causing explosions in products? Remember the Shield Tablet? Oh hey, when they "fixed" it, it just causes SEVERE STATIC ON TOUCH and melts its own USB pins. But hey, nVidia "just, you know... makes mistakes" right?  What a horrible series of videos. You're the prime example of why reviews need absolute disclosure because there was never a single point in this series where you admit nVidia messed up.
I build many FPV Racing Drones and if i had a solder joint like that (both, igors and yours) i would do a new solderjoint! Because they look really bad and kinda "loose". And I am talking about 200-400 € FPV-Drones. If they have a bad solder joint, they fall out of the sky. Worst case, a part burns and needs to be replaced.  THIS are expensive GPUs and in worst case can burn your house! I can't understand how nvidia is ok with solderjoints on those thin metal-strips?!?!
evga : abandon ship...run........
Wattage is too vague of a unit, it could be 1530 volts at 1 amp and the cable wouldnt be warm at all. Amperage is the important unit when it comes to temperature
i make donunts, i know what the problem is.
Question is: can you sell such a weak piece of connector for a card that demands 600w? Is it or is it not the dumbest idea ever? Thank  you.
Nvidia doesn't care if they burn down your house with your family in it.
would a mineral oil help? if the pc is submerged into it.
Reason why a pin should be crimped not soldered. Ill be defo buzzing my connector out to check all the connections. JAY can you check some other brands of cables
Why do they need so many thin wires when they can just use two (GND +VDC) thick wires...
I wonder whether the 24 into 8 is causing a scenario of 24 volt at the specified amp however without using the full pin in  they have created  a 12 volt at  40+ amps when the connector is only designed 10-20 amp over amping the connector  which is causing the the cooking of the connector  the pin in into the  card should have a complete +/- 12 volt rail with a minimum of  a min of 12 pins for power  and 2-4  sense  or go the whole hog  and do a  20-24 pin connector  as the power connector..
Thank You dad, I mean Jay!  My suprim 4090 is still in the box, I hope I can avoid that, though im still gonna wait for the vertical plug from cable mod, i wont risk my dream build just going to hell!
I still stand my point that a connector that is made for user installation can not have such issues. We know that nobody reads instructions let alone follows it. If you need to not bend the cable to close there needs to be a mechanical thing that prevents it.
So it is not that the 12vhpwr is faulty in general but that specific design were they cheaped out and soldered wires to effectively tinfoil. Even worse is that the plug itself is designed for every single pin to have its own wire - that also should be crimped - which would result in a mechanically stable connector.
I would call that small piece of metal a TRACE
> "We're at it again"  😄 Love your work, Jay.
Jay, from my experience with melted automotive plugs, which are mostly 12V high current (like fans, etc.), It is usually the arc from a poor connection that melts the connector. Looking at the pictures of these metled connectors - they are melted on the outside pins, exactly where the solder broke and there was an arc or just a poor connection, because as you said, the ground pin is connected and power is still delivered throught the broken part.  Anyway, what a poor decission by Nvidia, I hope afrermarket will fix this ASAP. Thanks for taking the time to highlight it ;)
Nvidia have to listen? ya right 😏
So internally, the connector is just one 12V Positive and Negative rail??? It looks like all the pins are punched out of one piece of thin metal foil that the wires are all soldered to.  What I wonder is the contact area of the cup in the adapter to the pins on the card. More contact area would spread the heat better. More solder on the wires would spread the heat down the cables too.
There is absolutely no excuse for this kind of nonsense. One only needs to look at the RC hobbyists to find an acceptable connector. They have had great connectors in harsh connections for decades. The XT60 is good up to 60A with a minimal temperature rise, and you can usually get away with 150+A through them. 60A is 720W at 12V. From what I was able to find, they're usually rated for about 1000 connect/disconnections, none of this 30 cycles nonsense that they try to sell. Stop making excuses when there are better option already in mass production.
There's a bloody reason why there are so many cables coming from the power supply. It's so heat would be spread. Nvidia: HEY! Let's make a mini plug that combines all these high power drawing cables!
Any good electronic or electrical engineer know that you should never ever solder stranded wire to a surface (worst) or a hole (bad) in a rigid plate/PCB and only solder a wire to  another wire. The reason is that tin based solder melts at 220-260°C and is brittle below the meeting point, so any mechanical stress creates bad contacts over time. If it was soldered with copper based solder, that's something else, copper is ductile so it rarely breaks, but it's also much much more difficult to melt. Anyway soldered wires should only be for hobbyists and any professional should only use crimping or wire wrapping! A hobbyists or non-electrically educated person would think that stranded wire is more flexible and relaxes the stress for to any wire movement but it's deeply wrong : when stranded wire is soldered, copper being highly conductive, the solder melting temperature doesn't stay on the contact zone but travels up the wire and so does the liquid solder due to capillary effect!  So you end up with a wire full of solder between the strand a few centimeters up the solder joint, creating a strong lever out of the flexible strands, quickly breaking the solder joint...
Lol "I expected this was happening." Dude you didn't expect shit. You did your little tests and found shit. It took actual real knowledgeable people to find it now you have to piggy back off them to get your views. Imagine that, a shill like you doesn't know a whole lot. I'm shocked!! /s
Anyone know what type of plastic is used for the connector and therefore what temp it will start melting at?
Did they solder them? Sheesh they pull crazy amount of current why soldering. It's an extreme fire hazard. This isn't an electronics cable it's an electric cable, should be constructed  way tougher
And I thought the sparks were a part of the next gen case RGB system called "pyromania".
It's a busbar with a weak mechanical connection.
ya know how big corporations & big Government are Identical ..as in the Must Fix it Until it Breaks & Fu** Every one/Thing Else type !
It’s not that the broken wire/connection are the problem but the resistance from not connected but still against the solder that makes the heat. Or transition resistance might be the better name (i am dutch so not sure how too call it proper).
The variation of quality in the solder joints might be from multiple factories. It’s not uncommon for manufacturers to use multiple manufacturing companies to produce stuff like this. Since they need a large amount of volume quickly they can’t rely on only one. Sadly it can cause issues like this… hopefully most 4090 owners will see this and replace the adapter and hope no one will loose their home due to a fire like some people did that put action figures or model kits on their GPUs
so they straight up cheeped out on the wires and the sense pins / grounding is done in a way it's kind of useless fkn wildly incompetently made
Likely sub-cause is if there is a minor break - but the two pieces of metal are still close. Arcing across the gap is likely the cause of the heat, rather than just high current through small metal pieces (not that that is a good thing either). You possibly couldn’t recreate as you made a clean break and completely disconnected the cable.
@jayztwocents  Hey Jay I think you need to get some of those burnt cables from those people.  I think you are going to find that your assumption is wrong.  You might be right but I doubt it.  If you are correct then these things are extremely fragile and you’d damage them just from twisting and bending them while installing them.  These are defective if that is what is happening.  Until you actually get one that failed I’m going to have to assume this is inaccurate.  If you can not get one to fail in the lab then I’m going to have to assume that there is a certain percentage of defective units or an odd scenario happening with certain setups.    I don’t think the solder joints are randomly failing unless it wasn’t soldered correctly.   I’m not going to be like others and say this is for certain because it’s not.  I just don’t see this being as likely as you think unless we are talking a defect in workmanship that’s only affecting a small percentage of users.
makes me wonder how the current balancing works , if they do it on a per pin base then middle wires caries twice the current as the outside wires
scary stuff!
I honestly wonder if Nvidia saw this which is why they swapped the orientation of the plug on the GPU after the 3090 (non-Ti)
sounds like its time to add water cooling to our power connectors 🤣
Looking on the bright side, the fix I've described is both easy to do and makes cable management much easier. Even the flying wires idea is an improvement !  For investors,  Nvidia's stock price is shortly likely to 'tank' SEVERELY ! All the worse as Nvidia management is apparently 'doubling down ' and ATTEMPTING to say there's nothing to see ! Like the hole in their corporate head they just self-inflicted.  This may be a wonderful investment opportunity to buy at a low. ENJOY !
It's not about the remaining cables carrying more load per, it's the gapped connection itself. You're correct that that gap increases resistance, which increases heat. Welcome to the primary danger of aluminum household wiring.
The 12VHPWR connector itself might not be the cause of the issue, but it's demonstrably less safe than the alternative (3 or 4 8-pin connectors). The melting issue being so prevalent is likely a combination of user error (which is to be expected, people are only human) and bad manufacturing (NVidia's adapter). But, again, it's only causing such drastic issues because it's a bad connector design.
Not a very well designed cable. Solder even. I'd like to see ultrasonic welded, and a sturdier foil plate with some retaining.
5:50 Again for the countless time... i forgot the count. Jay has very small knowledge about electricity, electronics and cables.  When a solder point is about to break off, and the connection is under a load. This will create a lot of heat very fast!  Simple way of explaining it is, when the electricity has to transfer it self from the wire to the connector. And the solder point has cracked and is falling apart, this will create a lot of electrical turbulence in the flow. Which will cause heat to build up in the cracked part of the solder, as we know plastic will melt way before metals here used. The plastic housing will start to slowly melt until it will start a thermal run away point where the whole connector heats up super fast and starts melting the plastic around the connection transfer points. The speed of this all depends how high the loads are on the GPU, you could use the GPU for weeks on low load (100W-200W) and only that first time when you start going 300W,400W +500W it will start accelerating that thermal run away point.  And i think this is the problem with the lab lasting, cause they always have tested with perfect contacts and not broken solder points. Very bad Nvidia engineering design here, the black cloth bandaid to support the weak solder points where people will bend the cable 100% of use are super red flags here!  And as last pointed out by GALAX, these high power connections need a <fool proof> plug & play connection. It is 100% possible that people will plug in the cable 95% in, and have a working card while not knowing the cable is heating up cause of bad connections. The cable needs to change to an always 100% connection cable or the hardware will not work, this would be a good added layer of 100% <fool proof> design.  Here is a nice video what happend to someone else with a what similar issue. YouTube code> watch?v=tzHbFzF6W20
The board from 3090ti have load balance with diferent parts of the conector and it was saving the conectors from burning, this load balance is not present in the 4090. The power draw will folow the path of less resistence. Ex: If 3 out of 6 of those conectors are getting any more resistence than normal, the power will flow through the 2 ones with less resistence and exceed the specifications (creating the problem), with power balance the board will not let it happen. Probably the split casing of the conector with bending is creating this bad conection with some of the conectors and causing this unbalance. The 12vhpwr have ~14% of overspec current, and with 12conectors 6 each polarity theoretically you can have only 1 of the pins out or with a bad conection and stay with in spec.
We already have silicon lottery now we have cable lottery if it melts or not.
If you break that terminal strip or the solder joint, the housing is not going to allow it to completely separate, leaving you with a loose joint - the most common cause of electrical fire. Basically, the original joint is reduced in cross-sectional area, thereby reducing conductivity at the joint, increasing resistance, and creating heat when current flows.
I just finished installing my new 3090 Ti FTW3 using an EVGA PerFE 12VHPWR 12-pin to double 8-pin PSU cable. Each 8-pin plug only has 6 actual pins inside it. The card draws 450watts and this cable is specified for this card. I did not realize how much smaller each pin is on the 12VHPW vs the 8-pins, not talking about the plugs, the pins inside them.
What happened to UL approved? There needs to be an industry safety standard. We can’t have video cards burning peoples houses down. This is ridiculous and someone needs to be held responsible. This is serious.
The plug should sustain at least 100°C, and the cables around 100A. The clear problem is an imperfect contact and fail to understand why people don't see this.
The biggest issue is the lack of redundancy. If 2 connections were to fail, the whole connector will melt with potentially catastrophic result. I've seen multiple similar examples during my career where industrial design, designing something to look pretty, completely outweights the practicality.
why cant nvida just put the powerconector more resessd so you dont have to bend the cable as much
War in Ukraine, electricity and gas prices going up, food prices on the rise, petrol prices high now graphics cards connectors failing. Is this the sign of the apocalypse or just a first world problem???
With all of the roumors that were flying around months prior to launch about how much power the 40 series cards were going to draw, you would think that they would at least get the connector that all the power passes though right. Instead. it appears someone decided to cut corners in the design for whatever reason when the adapter for the 30 series actually has 12 wires running to the adapter and the 40 series only has 8.
The Corsair/Cablemod ones are good then? I'm honestly not that surprised...
Do anyone know if there is diodes on the cable to avoid the cable from redistributing power between the different 12v rails
Please move on from the 4090 video's.  99% of us will never own one, and will never have companies sending us one for free.  Your review was great but it's getting to be a little much with the 4090 stuff.  Just saying.
Needed a lot longer strain relief to protect the solder joint.
Funny how none of this would have been an issue if they just placed the connector in another place on the card..
Its only the 4 pin adapter and not the 3 pin adapter for the 4090
So as always its all about making more money... and f-ck safety and reliability. So first they f-ed gamers going all in with miners, and now when they need gamers they f them again... good job. ppl shouldve ignored 40 series, let them burn for a bit... instead every 4090 are gone in a few minutes, owners deserve this kind of attitude from corps. They even acknowledged this problem? I mean publicly.
i must admit i'm surprised that this can be sold in the EU, they usually have pretty high cert-standards. welp.
4 cables into one? Why? Just plug 4 connections. Yes, it's more than before. But it's drawing 600w and have so much render power.
Nvidia places safety thingy on it... it doesn't work
Not sure about others but you're testing it in an air-con room. In a case where ambient is 40-50C, connector temp is probably way higher than 64C. Going over to Igor's lab to see their testing.
wel then nvidia shud pay for it and give 1 with any new sales
jay: cursed with a 4090 that won't melt, but also sucks at overclocking. whomp whomp
I'm new to this topic but i just have to say, soldered wires have no place in this kind of plug.
You know, I think I'm just going to stick to my 30 series card. I know it's presumptuous, but I don't see myself needing to upgrade any time soon. Probably for even longer than my 10 series card did
Ah yes, Nvidia brand electrons. They work different to every other electron on the market. This adapter does a revolutionary thing: it takes generic, no brand electrons and turn them into high efficiency Nvidia Deep Learning Efficient Electrons (DLEE). This new form of electricity has allowed Nvidia engineers to push MORE electrons per square mm through a wire. In benchmark graphs, you can see 200% more electrons per square mm of conductor than their competitors.  Who ever approved this connector has never heard of SAFETY margin.
Bit socking to see soldered cables there. It should be crimped or have strain relief.
Wow you ramble so much. You begin 1 sentence/thought that is focused on 1 point, but then splinter off into a ramble, makes it hard to follow.  You're over explaining. Appreciate the info but wow I feel frustrated just listening.
From Igor's teardown it seems pretty clear that the most likely culplret here is either poorly and inconsistently soldered connections causing high internal resistance and then heat as a byproduct, and/or movement of the cable causing the solder joints to weaken or come away from the pads partially, which would cause even higher internal resistance and more heat. It's unlikely the cable would come away from the pad entirely while everything is being held together.  Having the wire come away entirely would actually be the better scenario as a severed connection would not generate any heat, but would cause the still functioning pins to be loaded beyond their capacity provided the sense wire is still telling the card that the full 600W is available as Jay describes here.   I'm betting the outcome of this is that in all cases either poorly soldered or broken internal connections are to blame.
the performance of these cards is great, but they are vastly over priced, vastly over sized and now also have rookie design faults, hard pass from me. Ill wait 5 years and buy one thats a fraction of the price,  half the size and has all these issues worked out
This seems like a problem that could have easily been circumvented by using a power distribution board and a resin housing. That's just greedy - and it's not like the engineers wouldn't know how to do it properly, this is just the bare minimum probably redesigned lab cables...
Good work, Jay! People need to know this stuff.
Who would win: - Paid engineers of mega corporations  - Random guy on YT Nevertheless, nobody will help you once your house starts burning.
It's a feature, no need for LED strips with the lights from the sparks
Okay but if you break off the pin completely then no current goes through it - more current goes through the middle pins not the outside pins and they're not the ones melting.  Bad soldering job or crack in a soldering joint might cause very high voltage drops, hence resistance, on said connection, which would introduce a lot of heat.  It would be nice if instead of temperatures - a voltage drop was measured between the cable and the graphics card itself under load.
the problem is not when foil you mention breaks totally,when most od the foil breaks but still connected to the rest with small part of foil, that creats heat
When the card is almost $1,800 and you still have to worry about fire hazards, that's just bullshit. Sticking with good o' reliable 8-pin. Don't need that performance introduced by crazy extra power drawn anyway.
short runs wont melt it any unless the current draw is high enough. this is happening over prolonged loads. the hotter it gets stresses the already bad connections even more *metal expands when hot* thus increasing the resisitance thus more heat *thermal run away*
Regular peeps fixing nvidias cables: *grumble grumble* Nvidia: "ohh..."
NVIDIA still wouldn't learn their lesson with such stuff. They will still do what they want to even after the amount of backlash they get regarding their stupid 12VHPWR connector. I might as well prefer running 4 PCIE power connectors to my graphic card rather than reinventing the wheel and designing a stupid connector that catches fire.
I dont know a single person who builds computers, who can avoid introducing any lateral bends AT ALL into their 16 pin cables during cable management..this is a clear fundamental design flaw.
the nvidia logo right above the fail XD
The issue is that there are breaking tabs between all pins..
Even if this is the core Problem. These flimsy Pins are never going to hold 8 ampere in the long term. (That's what the max power target is for each of the 6 cable pairs) These connectors are cheap garbage and designed to fail mechanicly. They cheaped out on the overmolding (or is this garbage just pressed together) and the plastic is probably just cheap PP or ABS.
I do not understand this design, besides the sense wires, there are only 8 (thick) wires going to the connector, why the hell does it need to terminate in a 12 (thin) pinned connector? Why not terminate in an 8 (thick) pin and split the power on the PCB? The size difference of the connector would be neglectable, but the connection would be tried and true.
It has always baffled me why Nvidia/AMD have never thought of this magical thing called 90 Degree adapter on their cables.
Ah ha! As I suspected, the build quality is the real issue, having not been made in Germany but I assume in China.
so they go from four 8 pins (twelve 12v wires)  to one 12/16 plug (six 12v), and they couldnt run 2 dedicated wires per terminal? sounds lazy but i was wondering when someone was going to do a wire trace diagram and show where all the wires were going.
they need to make a crimped version
OMG, that cable solder job is really really bad, it lokos like they ordered the cheapest place they could find to make their cables and did not even QC properly. This is totaly unacceptable if i am buying something for more than 1500$. As people have said, nobody should ever need to worry about these kinds of things when you buy something which is meant for normal customers.
Why couldn't they just jam two wires into one and use two connectors instead of jamiing 4 into one.
I'm still of the opinion that the size of the plug is to small. With bigger size pins, the tolerance to a broken connection would be higher and it would have been possible to use thicker internal connections between the plugs. Another thing that adds to that is a video from LTT from a few days ago that showed that you can run a 4090 with much less power without loosing much performance. Would NVidia care about the environment and customers the 4090 would run by default with much less power and be not in danger to overheat because of missing one wire. Also I do not understand why to use such a flimsy connector. There is enough space available on the card where they could have been used 4 single 8 pins connectors.
I'll wait for AMD
poor quality solder, should not just snap off with minimal effort like that!!!! I've soldered much smaller wires that take quite effort to pull apart. These connectors should all be recalled.
Try not open cable side bending and testing
I disagree. If the the outside cables break and 600w are going through the inside one, then why are the outside ones melting?   My guess is, that you crack the solder joints on the outside pins, which increases the resistance and therefore the heat.  And with a bad connection, to be exact: a loose connection, you can even have microscopic arcs, that heat up the pins way faster than any normal power+resistance can.  The problem is not the outside pins being disconnected, the problem is the increase in resistance in the outer pins while still pulling 400+w.  That's my take. Can be wrong though.
How would this fair if the cable was the single 12 +4 pin cable going straight from the ATX v3.0 PSU to the GPU? And yes they are out - Thermaltake 1650W ATX V3.0 is currently in my possession.
Jay, run this inside a cramped case with crappy airflow.  Bam!
The real question is.. What's Nvidia going to do about it?? Because I'm not buying a 4090 until this issue is completely fixed.
the fact some youtuber can find a problem but a multi multi million dollar company cant
So basicly you are all good if you dont side bend it
My pcie slot can deliver power and it's not limited to 15-20 unplugs. This is an extremely poor design.
Is nvidea even aware of this?
The guy, who designed this adapter...🤮🤮🤮
Would it appropriate to call this Bendgate 2?
so basically nGreedia could've positioned the connector much better maybe like the 3000 series od the founders editions or here is a free pro tip USE THE REGULAR 8 pin connectors or even make 16pin but the size of 2 combined 8 pin connectors, ffs I would not even consider having this fragile yet high power connector, AMD did the right move sticking to the normal connectors.
Just got a cyber power pc with and amd ryzen 5,3060 and it literally came in today and the rgb lights work but the fans don’t “but the gpu fan works” 😃😃😃
Hmm, if it wasn't cut but broken off it might be close enough to still have current jump, basically an arc welding kind of thing? Seems this should have been in RnD a bit longer regardless.
Hello NVIDIA. What about a higer supply voltage? In power generation we made good experience with about 720 V three phase. A robust current rail system with bolts would also be nice and running the card in an inert gas environment will prevent fire or will let the operator escape in time. 😁
I can't even comprehend who approved such an awful design.   There's a reason we use proper connectors and terminals, so that this janky stuff doesn't happen. I wouldn't even let that fly on a home project built in my garage, let alone let it ship to thousands of consumers. Absolutely astounding, and borderline pathetic oversight, in my opinion.
Hey Jey  I think de problem is electrical arcing between the broken peace . When de wires barely touched.
And that is why soldering cables (is the root of crimping) is the root of all evil
From what i am seeing I think it is a broken solder joint which is causing high resistance, generating heat and since the pins are smaller than the wire they will heat up first.  Another question is what kind of metal are the wires and the metal foil plate made out of. If they are dissimilar metals then the rate of expansion and contraction may be different enough that the solder joints to break, especially if the original solder joints were bad from the OEM in china. This is the same thing that happened when Aluminum and copper wire were mixed in homes.
I'm no expert but I have been a mechanic, and broken connections are cold. The inside pins would be hot and melt not the outside. The outside pins, in order to melt would need to be shorted to ground, or have an air gap (spark or ark connection) to generate heat. They would also melt at the break not in the pin. They would also melt by the wire not the outside of the connector. Looks around for melted side photos and sees none and wonders why?   Honestly if it melts at 100c we have problems it should be at least 250 or more
Is there a link to the Corsair cable, please? I'd like to take a look at it and see if I should buy from Corsair or from Cablemod, their 90 degree 12VHPWR cable.
this guy has no idea and is just lost.
I was wondering this during the last video also.  But, is it possible that your benchmark test is not pulling enough power to actually heat up the connector?  Would a high demand game (4K RT on unlocked frame rate) over a duration actually pull more power and therefore generate more heat in the connector?
Let's see: nvidia did know, that they want 6 pin output and 4 wire input, still did not make the 6 pins from 1 piece of metal. Nvidia did know, that they will use thick cables, thes still didn't crimp it, only solder it (why not both?) Basically, if they were use a one piece metal part with 6 pins on one side, 4 crimp pins on the other side, these meltings would not happen. If it would be expensive (laughing in 2000 eur prices), then produce smaller, cheap to manufacture parts, and spot weld them together.
I'm wondering if there would be a way to detect it in software, there is probably a huge amount of people who will never see those videos but are most likely at the risk of a melting connector.   To generate heat, there has to be a voltage drop. This is depending on current and resistance of the connection. The card knows it's power, which is calculated by the voltage it gets and the current it needs.   So, in theory if the input voltage drops with the load it should be measurable and the card or OS should be able to notify the user about a possible problem with the power supply or wiring. Maybe also correct the power limit down according to the voltage drop.   Disclaimer: I'm not a engineer or so, but with my basic electronic knowledge this seems plausible to me. Maybe jay, Igor or someone else can test my theory? A driver update shouldn't be too hard for Nvidia and it may be a solution that spares a lot of trouble for the people who are unknowingly affected by this.
The cards should have been released with a native cable, not a friggin adapter in the first place.
The automotive Industry learned this a long time ago. Very few vehicle wiring harnesses have soldering done on them from the factory and most manufacturers say you should not repair wires with solder. A wire can be crimped together more reliably then it can be soldered. When you are talking about high currents or interference on sensitive signals the resistance variation from soldering just will not do. The fact that Nvidia went from crimped connectors on 30 series to soldered on 40 series is crazy. The new adapter looks like something someone hacked together in an hour for testing and went “that will do!”
Next time, ask a chemist to get you some piranha solution to dissolve all the carbon rubber and plastic off the metal.  Note: They won't let you HAVE it but they'll make it, and use it at your direction because that stuff is dangerous as... just keep using all your pejoratives until you start repeating yourself.
Big brain question; why they use such big ass cables but then the terminal (the thin plate) is so fraking thin like this? it look more like contiunity error, who ever designed this will get fired, you understand? fired XD
I was going to say it feels like the soldering is defective. I originally thought it was a terminal male to female issue, but nope. Personally everyone just needs to go to 12 individual pins. Either way good catch by Igors Labs.
So I guess the solution should be to wait for a better solution to avoid these fire hazards cause nobody wants their 4090 to be a paperweight, Do they? or spend some extra cash on a better ATX 3.0 PSU.
I see you have the corsair cable for their PSU, however, I have a nice EVGA PSU, and tried a google search but didn't find any power cables from EVGA. Does anyone here have an EVGA PSU and have found a dedicated cable from them?
This is an absolute SHITTY cable adapter design. And soldering stuff is ok, in CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, but soldering power cables that pull THAT MUCH POWER with such a small amount of solder on such a thin piece of metal is just silly. And putting that at a high stress point of the cable is even more silly.
Me watching this is who is unable to even buy a 3060ti.🤣
As electrician, i can only shake my head, at forcing alot of power thru a tiny connector.... better go with more diameter & waaay more solid cable-plug connector & plug suface design!
I believe it's hard to recreate failure is because you're removing cable so it doesn't retouch the metal. If you just break the wire but not remove so it retouch the metal it may recreate the heat issue. The detached wire may also touch neighbouring wire causing short circuit and exponential temp increase
remember with you having the solder connection all exposed with a cut wire will be cooler as you have removed the rubber cover that would have been holding in the heat in
That makes no sense. The heat shout be where the bad connection is, ie at the weak solder join, not on the end of the pin itself.
Got the cablemod remplacement cable, so it should be safe?
It's not just the total power going through the connector.  So what if it survives 1400 watts, once.  The card isn't designed to be used once.  it's designed to be used many times.  So the real question can it survive 400 watts many many times.  Any metal that continually heats/expands and then cools/contracts will eventually crack!  BY DESIGN!!!  Old Chinese sayin. There are two ways to break a bottle.  Hit it once very hard or tap it a thousand times very softly.
Why isn't there yet an adapter without wires which makes this 12pin into three 8pins?
The word you might be looking for is electrical rail connector.
Poor design choice due to cost cutting.  If I expect mechanical stress, I want crimped pins.    Solder isn't for mechanical connections.   Pcb components that experience stress have a mechanical connection by through hole soldering and large legs.   Crimped pins are more expensive to assemble than these quick solder jobs.
This is why you're waiting to buy stuff. So this kind of bullshit gets fixed
Does anyone remember when cables did not generate appreciable heat? Also, how long until we get liquid cooler gpu power cables?
Cheap desing cause expensive endresults.
I work in the automotive industry. But I see problem that happen just like this in some cases and one thing to keep in mind that people might not realizing is that if doesn’t break with the bend then the heat of constant 12v going through the wires can absolutely cause it. With high constant voltage there is heat and can definitely cause the solder can melt. And can break that crappy small piece of medal where it’s soldered.
This is the worst connector I've ever seen. it's as if some schoolboy had soldered the cables. What a piece of crap, this connector needs to be completely redesigned, it's a piece of  ...
The issue is the pad/foil thing is breaking but maintaining physical contact allowing it to still carry current but leading to high contact resistance and heating. Break the pad off and like tape it back together to simulate it still being constrained physically by the connector.
Thank God I can`t afford a 4090, I`d be toast by the looks of things. Jokes aside, nVidia, just NO with this connector moving forward. Make a larger, more robust connector, like..I don`t know, 3x 8 pin might work fine ??
Thanks Jay for making it clear that I don't have to worry about my 3070 TI Founders Card, that has the same kind of connector and it being safe to use. I was a bit worried until watching this video.
A loose connection can generate a lot of heat, if there is no properly fixed connection, the wire/connection vibrates and it gets very hot and will melt.   I don't think the problem with the connection is in the plug, but right where the wire and the gfx meet, they are too loose and stick around and get very hot so it melts.
Before I even look at the video. Other than they are not ceramic and made of plastic.
Hey Jay,  what with these insane power draws the newest gen equipment present, why are they using so many wires to deliver the power? Being that a PC is a 12 volt (and less) system why don't they do like a car? No ground wires, use the chassis just like in a car. Then send one larger gauge wire for positive and botta bing, problem solved. Literally ALL components that plug in could be wired in this fashion. Couls knock that 24 pin bohemeath down a bit too!
Gpus get bigger wires get thinner
The real solution would have been for all consumers to have purchased an appropriate PSU that had the correct cable OEM in the first place. Do it right or do it at all.
Or .. with bad connection the resistance on that joint (which now is failing) goes up. Hence, the heat on that cables joint heats up from the current. It is apparent in power equation P=Iˆ2 x R
If that cable were for industrial use it would have been pulled of the market already
Yep.. Well explained
e to know what kind of voltage drop bequiet got across that connector running that huge sustained load across it
It might be you removed the cable. In the real world it’s there making not enough contact, probably creating an arc
Anyone else think that NVIDIA should be paying for replacement cables/adaptors on all 4090s even if they’ve not failed yet? The auto industry issues recalls for less than this.
But if the wires on the sides are the ones that crack away form the foil, forcing all the voltage in the center, why is it the plastic keys on the sides that melt? I'm confused about that, but fantastic video, and I hope Nvidia is watching 😳
The funny part is, normal condition if you miner, 450watt in single will burned psu pcie socket, remindme 2 vegas with splitter burned psu plug & cable psu😂
Such a convoluted way to make a connector, why not make a proper adapter with crimped pins and make is a little bigger since there is room for it.
novidia.... $2000 gpu, outperformed outheated by a $10 plastic connector
Jay you are doing it wrong! The outer pins melt because of poor contact between the pad and the wire. There is still a tiny little bit of contact and that is the place of high resistance thus temperature. Don't cut the pads off you are rerouting the current to the center pins. Inside the plug some contact on the outer pins still occurs, the current heat up this neck very quickly, making the metal pad melt thus burning the plastics around.
Imagine making a cable with such strict usage needs that this happens. Surely the engineers designing this crap would think ( obviously not ) that every setup is different and routing requirements for cables are ALWAYS going to be different to how they were expecting.
So, the issue is NVidia cheaping out on essential part that does not cost as much as other part while endangering the entire card.
I am very glad you are doing this and following this Jay, this is really important and show to the face of the corporations that this can't happen
2000$ for a GPU but you can’t deliver adapters that are not cheaply designed/made. For fks sake Nvidia…
Solder isn't structural!
deadly design flaw
Novideo moment.
Soldering something that is going to be bent seems like a horrible idea.
Im not surprised that something related to electrical resistance causing it, still it doesnt make sense if the melting connector happening there, it should happen somewhere either one of 3 remaining rails having burnt connectors on the psu side or worse the wire it self, not on the gpu connector.  I can always bet something that pins on that small connector is loosing grip on the contacts causing it to generate electrical resistance.
This is similar to e.g. the weakness of many connectors including WAGO (mains voltage), since every wire is pressing against a thin metal sheet. If you stress them with an abnormally high current it will get hot.
Mobo and cpu with a 95w cpu (24 pin connector).  Gpu rated for 450w (12pin with 8wires)  Something is backwards here.
Wow. At this price point and they are skimping on wires of all things.
“It just works man.” 😂 What a pompous reply.
People please go to the forums of the manufactures and ask them to just make new revisions with the 4x8pins, if everyone ask for it chances are that they will consider it.
Why can't we just say the connector is shit. The card needs thicker wires, and different outlet/plug, not that "do not bend the plug or it's gonna melt and it will be your fault"... lol
and this as result of "smart" kids without experience working @ R&D 🤣 no engineer in his right mind would ever rely on a solder joint without strain relief , there is a good reason why connector pins are crimped not soldered.
Basically, it’s not the proper connector type for this power load. It’s just fundamentally bad for the use-case. I get they wanted compatibility and not to have to effectively throw out all the old hardware, but the power that these cards are starting to get into is power that can cause fire and death. Need to do some better engineering.
I think that it's not as much the wire is "cut" that creates heat. However if there is a crack and not a break, but arcing occurs, the heat would be intense and definitely hot enough to melt plastic. I have to deal with the possibility of arcing every day in my job as an electrician.
Foil part is called the shielding.
The pins are too small. There are 12 12V wires meeting into only 6 small pins smaller than the pins on the 8 Pin connector side. That’s a design not made by electricians (like me), that’s a design made by ignorant product designers. There should be an industrial norm that says one cable into one pin! And this is a US and china solution, in the EU they would have made this properly.
The neme of that part you can't find name is Busbar
Although that might be happening I dont think it is the reason for the failure pictures shown so far.
As much as I love your videos and content, but Igors Video and article was up BEFORE your first video went live 😉
How funny would it be if you cut it open and you just saw a small picture of Jensen laughing.
imagine all the people that don't register their card for warranty when they buy it. lots of profit for all the vendors $$$
Wow, that is sure a pi$$ poor design all around
Power transients..... Did I hear anyone say power transients???
Why would they pay someone to find out their issues when they can wait for your videos for free 😂
from the picture shown, it looks like that pad failed, and not the solder
The still dumb part: even if the bending now doesn't  have to do with the proximity to the side panel, not all case cable routing holes are  on the same spot right past the motherboard. Add cable stiffness etc and now you incerase the probability of bending it sideways.  The one smart thing Apple did on the last Mac Pro: just have the motherboard have 150watts coming out of the PCI-E socket, then have graphics cards with two sockets. But we PC people dismissed that as just "they just hate visible cables, but we figured out how to at least make the cables either look good (color choices) or just make it look rustic/militaristic/more like a nicely restored car than anything after everybody started ripping off mid-2000s onwards Mercedes V8 and V12 engine bays.
Good verdict. Somewhat reminds us of the H1 case. Incident reports only came in when enough units had been sold and more people were messing with the devices. Let’s hope nobody burns down their PCs or homes. NVidia will have to provide a new adapter, incl 90deg and 180deg angle. Nuff said. In time we will hear more..
Could you just imagine MILLIONS of 4090's being used by the miners.... farming craptos with all those banks of computers.... in their caves???
All these videos make me wonder if bending the cables is the problem why don't they just have 90 degree adapters? One up, one down, one left, and one right, to account for all the ways AIBs can orient the plug on their cards.
Come home to a real fire this winter.... Buy a 4090.😭. Scary
In that case, it has to be the middle wires breaking.  There's no heat through a broken connection.
But Brandon said /s
This is so stupid Why is this not hold by a screw or something
Nobody: ... Americans: "SoDdEr!"
Decades of connector wisdom: crimp for a solid connection, do not solder.  Nvidia: lol
It's not that the wire is completely broken. It's close enough for current to sell pass threw. It's like not tightening down a battery post on a car. Yes it will still pass current but there will be tinny microscopic arcks happening. Combined with high resistance and you get heat.
wtf, geez
If it barely brakes yet still real close to the pad, you could be getting arc which would introduce more heat
what you are missing is the disconnected wires being in close proximity of the pad. This will cause arcing. It is the arcing that produces significant heat and will cause the connector to melt.
Bam! Clicked asap as I saw the title.
Something, something, early adopters...
I changed my mind is not an 80% chance of recall now, I reckon is 90%. :D
To recreate the problem, the solder joint or pad HAS TO BE BROKEN, BUT STILL TOUCHING.
Blows my mind that this made it past who knows how many employees... What on earth were they thinking with that shitty soldering to the breakaway strip design? I double molex or whoever originally makes this connector is working with them on this.  Total improper use and wrong connector. Wouldn't even put something this shitty on a project car's wiring harness.
It's technically a little BUS BAR, but as I commented on your last video, we should not be accepting four plugs into one, it's ridiculous and I guarantee that in the future PSU's will actually catch up to be able to supply enough power from a single plug TO a single plug. Even if that doesn't happen, the individual wires need to be individually pinned.
This is why automotive wiring and especially motorsports wiring doesn't use solder for connecting a wire to a terminal. They crimp them. The solution is for NVIDIA to send customers a new wire setup that has crimped terminals vs soldered terminals.
If this is the issue, just add a 4 to 5cm splint to the end of the cable joining all the 4 cables and prevent the bending. Problem solved.
thank god I dont have the money to buy these problems....🤣
Well, at least nVidia doesn't need to recall all the cards anymore, but only send the customers a proper, good connectors.
this makes no sense at all... you're saying there is two out of six total pins that are disconnected, leaving 67% connected, and then its overheating and failing at 67% of its supposed maximum load...
So the 6 pins for power and the 6 pins for neutral are all on a common bar?  They're not seperate?  What kind of absolute moron specs out a connector with one electrical point going to 6 parallel pins?  If there's no electrical isolation this should be a 2 pin connector.
Kinda sucks how this problem could have been avoided if they used a slightly thicker piece of metal or a more flexible material to connect the pins.
buying china
turns out smart devices are a dumb idea yet again
Looking at my 3070's and thinking, yeah, I don't need a 40 series.
Car hifi enthusiast with their big terminals laughing their ass off . What a shame for SIGs certificate.
All i'm gonna say, i was using 8awg wires in my car for 600W amp connected to sub, by manufacturers specs. And they are trying to push that same amount of power trough 18awg. Yes it's multiple wires, but they are still too thin. nVidia f-ed up this time by trying to save few bucks and they should pay for it. Every single point on that connector should be able to handle maximum load GPU can pull, so that even if there is only one wire that has contact, there is no risk of fire hazard.
You are beautiful....
I have no idea what are you doing on the back of the connector. The point where it is melted is the hottest point and that is the contact between the male and female pins.If you loose 1 or 2 wires from the back , it will melt the connectors at the PSU.
This is it. It’s time to upgrade to aviation standards.
A marginal connection is going to be the problem. Not a total cut/break. A stress fracture in the foil or break with some amount of contact still. Or cold solder joints. Something that creates high resistance in a connection with current still flowing in it.   A total break will cause more current to flow in the three remaining connections, but still within safely margins for heat so no problem.
by the looks of it, there was a miss in quality assurance test cases like bending cables or someone didn't include it in the report xD
If Igor's connector had heat from the short/crack, it would have heated the solder on the connector to degraded it loosing it's shine..
You know what else is melting??         Nvidia's reputation.
TOLD YOu why CCA
I would like my power cables not made by small companies like nvidia 😂
Why NVidia didn't just do 4x8-pin is totally beyond me.  Put them at the back of the card ALA the 3090 Kingpin has 3x8-pin at the back of the card, if people can't fit that, they shouldn't be buying a GPU that's this expensive.  Get a bigger case.    It's beyond stupid to have one wire with that much power going through it imo.  Unnecessary.  Stupid.  Cheap.  They're saving money on putting connectors on the card and this is what consumers get to deal with because of it.  Glad AMD isn't going that route with the power connectors for their next gen cards.
Just watercool the pcie connector
nVidia accountant: "Hey, HuWang, these guys are selling the power cables we need for our 40x0 video cards for $0.12 LESS...." HuWang: "Buy them, buy them all!!!!"
3090s burnt up on people. 4090 has plug issues. So happy went for AMD this time. My 6900xt works perfectly. Deff want a 7900xtx or 7950xtx
"they took something that was working, and they made it not work"
This reminds me of a food truck that rolled in to an event I was doing. They had a custom cable that took 2x15 amp cords and made it a reduced amperage 50 amp connector for 240v. Out of the 5 extension cords they brought one of them was miswired and had very first polarity. Guess which extension cords got used yep and it was a direct short from now to neutral through two extension cords and this adapter shorting the breaker out and causing me to go finding it in a large facility. I rewired that cord and checked all cords and managed to get myself a free lunch. That adapter looks like one of those adapters that shouldn't have been made! Much like this nonstandard adapter I worked on.
If it ain't broke, we'll fix it till it is!
Either become more efficient, like the Apple chips, or stop making a product that needs so much power. I don't want to compare a Bugatti to this card, but that car is nice, but too fast for roads and uses too much energy, so not practical.
agree with a lot of the comments the weak connection of the connection braking and making a weak contact would create the heat. much more heat than removing the wire
does the 1 ms refresh time really make a diff when most computers will never come close to pushing enough frames threw to get a 1ms .Like in fortnite in creative i can get like 600 fps but my respons time is never been lower than 3 ms.
I doubt that's not what causes the fire since the melting part is the around the contact pins, not the soldering part. still a recalling-worth issue tho
Would the cablemod cable be a good replacement?
Sooooo many videos on the issue……..but what’s the best way to deal with it?
I got a great idea, we should reinvent the wheel. Instead of round they should be slightly elliptical.
The cable is changed and problem solved, now to enjoy the 4090.
I guess the question is what will Nvidia + partners do now - replace defective parts as they defect or be a bit more proactive ?
[Nostalgia Realm] said: "It scares me that a multibillion-dollar operation can miss such a crucial issue in the design process :/"  What I'm thinking is, maybe they've been using A LITTLE TOO MUCH "A.I." over there.
Serieously how did Nvidia expected passing that much of power through those small wire
You're also getting metal fatigue since the two inner conductors are attached to two pins and the two outer conductors are only attached to one pen so it's not got as much mechanical stress prevention and they are easier to share off.
so? guys at nvidia just didn't test them enough? that's concerning
igor is a legend ... I also like his glasses lol
Your conclusions based on your explanation seem to be counter intuitive.   You state the outer pins/sockets are the ones most likely to melt (based on what people have shown),  and said that the cables on the outer side are most likely to break the solder joints which absolutely makes sense as you have the most tension and compressive forces there for the outer and inner cables respectively, but if you those are broken why would power even be flowing through those outer pins on the connector?   Unless there is some level of arcing going on inside that plug connector which doesn't seem to be the case where the melt would be closer to the solder joint not the female pin.
it is called going down a cheaper path cuz of greed and it didnt pay off it seems well for them it did cuz  i dont yet see them doing anything about it and what they should do is make all new ones and send them to everyone that got a card
Does the Atx 3.0 cables work?
Wait.... W H A T ? ? ? ? ? kopite7kimi never mentioned NONE OF THIS, that I know of?!!!!!
My question is this. Will this be an issue on the lower teir card or just the high-end high-wattage cards?
1400$ card shipped with what feels like a 2$ chinese power adaptor. talk about cutting corners
Just judging from the size and power draw of the 4090 its an indication of bad engineering.
Geepers, scoob! 12 mins to discuss something that takes 30 seconds to explain.
every squid style usb charger i've ever had broke right away, im not surpriesd its a bad idea for a gpu
I'm sure there is a reason for it but why do they need to use a bundled cable composed of 12 small gauge wires instead of one thicker wire?  Are the individual pins/wires distributing differing amounts of voltage?  I googled this and the best I could find was that a bundle of smaller wires is cheaper than one larger gauge wire.
due to the nature of the flat piece of steel there is more leverage with sideways movement than with up and down movement due to the way they are soldered to the steel (being on top) and the more solder that has penetrated the length of the soldered pins makes it a long rigid surface to lever against the solder point creating the cracks or even complete removal. the solder point acts like a fulcrum  transferring any sideways movement as possible breaking force for the soldered point.
let's develop a product, charge a stupid amount of money for it, and allow our buyers to troubleshoot our catastrophic failure.
Thin wires and Aluminium for 50A total. Cost cut...
So the plug is not the problem at all, it's this janky as fuck adapter. Good to know I guess.
Glad I didn't buy a 4090 early, will be interesting to see info like this before buying
Always resented plugs with unused connectors  , 6 wire Ethernet And 4 wire telephone - reality it is just 2 wires
It's elementary. It turns out that electrons, due to such a bend in the cable, simply fly off the track at this apex and fall on neighboring tracks, which leads to a massive collision and a fire. And we also laughed at audiophiles, at their choice of wires, which they connected under a smooth bend to integrated amplifiers so that the music would "meet no resistance" and gave the same "tube" sound. It turns out the audiophiles were right about the cable?! 🤔😂
modern solder is leadless. 60/40 or 70/30 rosin core would be far stronger. unfortunately, it is prohibited.
It’s not hard. What is the current in each wire/pins? 12 pins for 600W at 12 Volts DC. That 8.3 A per pin/wire. What is the pin/wires current rating. That’s the issue. Also, as was pointed out, PSU are not made to have their rails crossed. And this connector does exactly that. In short, no matter how you present it, it’s an issue with under spec connectors.  The easiest way using current PSU is 2x8 pins connectors. Total 16. This should bring the current down to 6 A per pin, something they do with no issue. And you could raise the gage to 16 AWG, making the cables more flexible.  In short, this is literally basic electronics. Like Power = Voltage x Current level of difficulty.
Nvidia released this cable without testing?
i wonder why ITT and Amphenol connectors that are rated for more than 10A aren't as puny as nvidia's connector.
Someone stop EVGA, they can't help themselves but keep winning!
I feel he is fruitlessly trying to melt it by doing so on an open test bench instead of in a case. Granted the new standard connection is hot garbage literally, but that's why the real world will always Trump lab testing.
These cables need to be updated to number 10 or 8 number wire and that would be solved that way, instead of using 12 or 14 type wire
Thanks to Democrats and Biden we have to worry about our graphics card connectors melting? We never had this issue under Trump
I think the issue is because you cut off the pad entirely. In the assembled form, a broken pad will still be connected but have unstable connection with much higher resistance and turn into a 'resistive heater'.
I'm an engineering student who is currently learning how to do these calculations about heat threw a wire and I found the problem. The engineer designing it forgot that people will always find weaknesses
NVIDIA!!!! ISSUE RECALLS NOW!!!!!!!!
nVidia: over 20 years of experience in making the word's fastest GPUs but can't even make a simple cable...D'oh!
The arcing is what causes the heat... you have a high resistance point that creates excess heat and plasma, cutting it cleanly prevents the arcing
"Early Adoption Meltdown"  🤣
nVidia no longer likes all journalists "editorial direction" as you uncover the root cause of this issue.
its pretty alarming that such an obvious flaw made it by them.  those connections are shit
Does anybody have a link for the Corsair cable or replacement adapter he talks about at 7:24?
The next few months will definitely be interesting as more and more cards get into users’ hands.
Important: As you said, "Pushing and pulling can break the solder joint". That's the force when bending the cables sideways against each other.
Part of the problem is likely when the card is under high load, and you're literally at the moment where the cables/foil starts to part... essentially you're creating potential for an arcing scenario; which can generate very high temperatures; which would drastically exacerbate the issues.
If a cable is physically damaged (e.g. by walking on an extension cord or excessively stretching it), the insulation resistance decreases, current can flow through the damaged section from one conductor to another, after which the insulation will start to carbonize and let even more current pass. This is a positive feedback situation—more current causes more carbonization, which causes more current—that eventually leads to the cable burning and possibly starting a fire. New houses require AFCI breakers on outlets to detect such faults. Perhaps the bending stresses of the 4090 cables is causing the insulation to break down, rather than the solder joints.
Could be wrong, but I think you guys are chasing a red haring here. Doing the math of my side, if I assume a 50A draw, and a 20 mOhm resistance down one path, and a 1 Ohm resistance down another, then the parallel resistance is ~19.6 mOhm by the work equation. The voltage drop due to the parallel path is then ~1v by Ohms Law V=IR. If I investigate eath path separately knowing that the voltage drop across each will be the same, then using V=IR, the 20 mOhm path carries 49A whereas the 1 Ohm path carries only 1A. Then @ the 1 volt voltage drop using W=IV, that's only 1W heat for the 1 ohm path, but 49W heat for the other. i.e. provided that there exists another low resistance path to carry the current, then a high resistance path (with constant current) equates to less heat, not more. There's a simple way to test this by doing a thought experiment. Take a high current load with the proper sized (thick) wire feeding it power, then take a thin 30 gauge wire and put it in parallel with the proper sized wire. Do you expect the 30 gauge wire to melt? No. Its relative high resistance will protect it because the properly sized wire will carry the vast majority of the current.
Just remember igorslab blamed the poscaps (which weren’t even poscaps) for the dying 3090s, which was proven to be false. There can be something else going on here.
Wow. Cutting corners on something that calls for top pricing is unexcusable. Especially since the 3090ti has pin per wire. This is nothing but a cost savings for them.    Even a few cents adds up over quantity units sold.  Shame
Jay you are being very scientific but the problem is where a connection has a partial broken solder. The partial connections can result in very high temps and as shown can melt plastic. In the real world you get a variety of breaks and not the binary results you are trying to show.  You are correct in the advice to not use the adaptor, it is faulty by design.
So you could effectively test this by cutting the cable, solder the grounds together, and see if the card will pull 600W. Intel's sideband wasn't such a "smart" idea after all.
This is a huge oversight! What kind of subpar engineering is this?
I regret buying my 3080 ti, really no difference from the 1080 ti, and nvidia having issues with a simple plug, a simple connector
👍
Watch Nvidia say "There is nothing wrong.. Just install this correctly and keep the cords neat and straight guys"
Wonderful video.
This is like listening to a child explain how a car works.
as someone who did soldiering for high-end electronics for a living, seeing those soldiered wire strands not being twisted at all is triggering AF
You don't understand... the real problem is GPU that is using 600W. its 6  0  0 WATTS! feels like Nvidia went backwards in progress and innovation.
I can't watch this dude's videos anymore. Can someone just give me the TLDR
problem with not using the adapter...no options in stock!
It just… melts.
I am not sure, Igor said that the 30 series had component issues but it was fixed by software. Let's wait for more info.  The solder breaking at the top should cause melting at the top not near the pins. I don't think Igor's testing matches the issue yet.
That's why they design cables with strain reliefs so stupid things like that don't become a problem.  I know the card manufacturers probably don't make their own cables, they spec them out to a cable manufacturer but either their engineers are idiots and didn't spec them out correctly or the manufacturers themselves dropped the ball.  This is a problem that should never have been.  This is basic engineering 101 stuff guys, jeez...
Don't waste your money, get a 3000 series card.
But the box is soooo pretty. Certain manufacturers have enjoyed duping outsiders for a thousand years. Time to check under the hood on that $2,000 luxury item. Don't even have to ask where it was made.
Ha, so I was right! After watching your yesterday's video I was suspecting this could be the problem. So for me this is a customer induced damage. This means cable is not the best, but the user is a brute. For those that criticize  the cable, please THINK! today's component are even more sensible than years before, and years ago there IS a caption on the manual saying "Professional installation required". Today a person only assembled a computer now think that he is a pro. WHAT A JOKE! SELF INFLATED PERSONALITY now make some people think that the problem is from the manufacturers and not themself.
Time for Linus to pitch to us watercooled cables.
I have some ideas about wiring. If I need something like "queen Ada" , better ask if there are solution in order to save a day.
Didn't even noticed it till he pulled it out..damn 😂 and the bending lines
As a Certified Quality Assurance Auditor and Certified as a WS6536C Naval Soldering Spec Inspector I can say; If one or more of the solder joints were a cold solder joint, it would increase the resistance of the connection significantly and could lead to failure. Cold Solder joints are also far more prone to mechanical failure as well.
I don't understand how this got past the r&d phase.
9:50 that wire on the right look like Chnese quality,lol
What a stupid setup in that adapter. Having cheesy solder joints like that on a connector they should have known would get bent around when it gets installed in a case is completely irresponsible.
I have a (free) solution for Nvidia.  Remove the 12-pin HPWR connector ENTIRELY and replace with a board-to-board header which then solders to a (4 layer - to ensure adequate contact cooling) PCB that has 4 x 6-pin PCIe power connectors mounted on it. You can then attach power as previously.  It's a 'kludge' and will intrude on space inside the case. It might clash with CPU coolers for example but I see little else that Nvidia can do with existing inventory. Flying leads is a remote alternative possibility. They HAVE to STOP manufacturing the damn things though for sure or they'll never hear the end of it (possibly due to insolvency as a result of doing something so hopelessly half-assed !).
Hmm, seems like nvidia wants to make a lot of money for cablemod. Nice. 🥲
The way it looks to me, the four inner pins are bridged together into two pairs and connected to one wire -  HOWEVER, the outside pins are not bridged and hooked up to the entire load of a single wire. THAT is why those pins melt and ultimately fail.
Who would have thought that nvidia and Intel do such a beginner mistake. Crimp > solder with cables.
This is absolutely atrocious. The build quality is so bad.  Seeing this, I think I understand the problem: The wire/tab breaks off, but is still making (bad) contact, while the card is drawing current through those wires (since it has a connection, but a bad one) which then causes the temp to go up and you get your failure. It's basically like putting a resistor between your load and the power. If you try that, the resistor would also get really hot and potentially fail
I'm glad I run full AMD build.
my guess is that your solder doesn't look as bad because it wasn't thermal cycled, maybe Igors solder even melted a bit.
hey jay i want you to think of something...  maybe the problem isnt in the psu plug or the wires. why do you think nvidia wanted the cards back so bad... the plug yes has weak solders. but the card could be much weaker as its planned to be a static item not moved around like cables... a problem in the carc could cause that weak plate to burn and if one ground burned another could be soon after due to power draw and all. it could heat and desolder itself too. but most likely the card is causing problems. along with bad quality control on everyones end.
I wonder if things like this is grounds for a lawsuit
@JayzTwoCents Cracked solder joints cause high resistance. And with high resistance and high current comes high heat. No current means no heat only to get the heat to melt it is to desolder the cable then have it make poor contact to the connector. Think of it like a stick welder
a cracked joint (partial contact) can cause arcing which generates heat, an open break will not cause heat at that joint.
I'm still waiting to see if any of the manufacturers try to deny an RMA over the cable burning out and blaming the end-user..
you can get shorts that don't create heat if they are on the hot side. a clean break would be a dead circuit. if you get a partial crack or or bad connection on the negative side you will get heat from both the negative and its corresponding positive side. basically, you send 400 watts to the card what going back negative is 250 watts there's your resistance. you negative will heat then your positive like a dam backing up water.
god, what an oddly shaped freak,
There is a reason pins are crimped in almost every connector and not soldered
I'm really enjoying my 3080ti right now. LOL!
Something is telling me that EVGA noticed that the a smaller connector would not be able to carry the current required (kinda obvious and tacky).  Bet they were told to shut up and color and make it how Nvidia designed.
So its not the plug but solely poor design/cost cutting messurements by nvidia, good to know. I still don't get why we had to compress the powerplug (make it smaller) soo much that this is an issue now.
Just curious, Jay.  Did you like to read Encyclopedia Brown when we were kids? LOL
Wait wtf? the problem is way more petty than it needs to be; this kind of botch job came out of multi million dollar company makes this even funnier lmao
so from what i take from these is if get 4080/4090 wait for cable mod 90 degree and PSU atx 3.0 that support the  12vhpwr straight to PSU
This is why esthetics is not as important as function. I don't care if wires are not super tight, loosely routed or pleasing to the eye. If you put too much stress on your cables, the only person to blame is the one who built the system.
You cut off the wire, but the bus connecting the other pins is still in tact... so there isn't going to be a temperature rise since the load is still distributed across all 6 pins.
The word you're looking for is "bus"... a metal strip used as a common connector for more tan one electronic trace.  A "busbar" is larger and used for higher voltage electrical wiring, often with terminals.
My next GPU will be from Intel. This Nvidia stuff seems to be made with $1 parts from China.
They really should install a QS8 connector onto the 4090's.  They charge enough for the cards, they really should install a proper high power connector.
Why does my comment keep getting deleted?  There's nothing controversial or anything in it.
1400 watts of 12 volts is 116 amps  that is way too much for the connector.  at that kind of power an anderson power pole should be used the large gray connector.
So Gross Soldering + Thin ass pin
Hi J2C, Recent subscriber after finding your tech videos really information and interesting. Especially considering I have a 4090 coming myself.   Just curious, if its only 4 wires, why do you suppose there is a 12 pin connector and not 8? is it the fact that the 4x 12v+ are shared accross the 6 pins that allows it to reach 600w? couldnt it do the same with an 8pin connection?
Jay, more current through fewer wires may be the trick.  You're cutting the outside wires, but those are being split to only two pairs of pins while the INSIDE wires are split to four.  The inside wires can handle more current than the outside. If the INSIDE solder joints are breaking you would have more current through a smaller connection.
So the race is on to see who can get their house to burn down first and make nVidia pay for it?
Pins are too small cause you cant crimp wires to it bad design
Jay aka the cable guy 😆
less wires equals less money spent. i'm sure that's what happened.
Jay the current from the loose connection is the heat culprit.  If you want to recreate it disconnect a wire and touch and remove it multiple times from the foil strip the arc will cause high amp heat.
What about transients are they still a thing
Thank god ill never be buying one of those. Doesn't matter if it's for $100, I don't want that fire hazzard in my house.
If normal temperature for connector is 60c, it sounds risky. That may not be too high to cause any issues but it will take less to burn connector that gets hot even normally.
Should have said, "safer" solution for the other cable.
AMD is releasing RDNA 3 in november, hoping performance won't be far from 4080. I'd prefer amd over nvidia at this point.
You have to admit, for someone who didn't want to dive into this, you sure are very persistent. much respect Jay.
Honestly Corsair's Cable just proves that this 12pin plug is pointless. 2 8pin pci-e can do the 600 watts just fine and all this is just to force the market to make new PSU's to make more money.
So what should I do if I have a new 4090? Do I need to buy another adapter?
Whose Igor? ootl
It looks like whoever worked on creating these cables was one of the designers of the Galaxy Note 7
This is all definitely possible and an oversight if found to be the case with the adapter/connector. That connection can be the weak point and also not the problem. If the card decides to pull an ungodly amount through just the outside pins, this will happen too. If the card decides it wants 400 watts but only through pin 10, that would get melty.  I don't understand why they went with a bus type design instead of dedicated pin outs for each wire. I'm checking my connector every other day! I am an engineer but not the electrical type so I'm just taking shots in the dark too!
If you keep doing this, for once, I beg you, just do a Beavis voice and say "Fire! FIRE! HAHAHAHAHA FIRE!"
I'm not biased it's just whatever, but to be real that connector is trash. I can't believe it was approved for use like it is currently.
Jay, I know you said everyone has an opinion (and as an electrician) I think I can explain the issue. And you are partly correct. It is an issue with the wire breaking off the metal pad. But because it is still held in place by the plastic casing the wire is arcing causing the heat build up and why the end contacts are melting and the more this happens with the outer end connections, the more the heat will travel to the middle connectors and the heat could melt the center connections and then they start to arc, then you are in trouble 10x worse. This is common in electrical panels that someone hasn't tighten down a screw and the arcing happens and you see melting of the wire. If the wire is 14 awg @ 12v rated 192watts @ 24v rated 384watts (charts online). So cutting the wire completely won't recreate the issue.
This is what happens when you make your stuff in China. Garbage GPU.
YAY!!! you found the answer, didn't take long.... :P
It seems like whoever built these connectors cheaped out and didn't do a great soldering job. Or the solder joints are fragile (not heated correctly) which causes fractures in the solder joint and very easy to break.
3:28 kek
it probably takes more time to melt it but it does melt eventually
Adapter current draw I=P/E = 400/12 = 33Amps. A 220VAC 4,000 Watt clothes dryer draws 4,000/220 = 18Amps. Look at the size of a dryer plug. It carries 1/2 the current of this adapter, and is many times larger. The designer of the adapter has no clue. There is no way to make this work reliably.
Dude thank you so much for your dedication to this topic, I just remembered to subscribe!
But also it’s these things are gonna be in a case with more hot airflow compared the air outside. So have it on a test rig outside with cooler surrounding air might help it not melt but idfk lmao maybe it’s irrelevant
The bottom line is it's a crap design.  It should have been pretty obvious that running 4 separate power connectors in to one small one wasn't the best idea.  Either put four of the original connectors on the card itself, or design something completely new that requires a new power supply to go along with it.
The intro drumbeat is "the orange youtube" intro
I’m not convinced the root cause of the problem is understood.  It would be interesting to see a simple continuity test on the cable ends.  Those sketchy solder joints could be causing an open short on some of the pins (middle) and then putting all of the load/current on one or two pins(outside). You could have in excess of 20 amps on a single pin, and in fact it could be considerably higher.  450W being loaded on a single pin would be about 38 amps.   That would be some serious heat.  Bottom line is the ground side of the current path seems to be flowing through only one or two pins, instead of four.
i guess its time weve reached a point where we need a qualified electrician just install a graphics card and possible modification in a home's power plugs
Looks like Nvidia cheaped out on manufacturing these.
Long story short - If you're buying a component for this price from a company of this size, you shouldn't have to worry about being baby careful with something like this.
$3800 AUD to put up with this shit?
Ugg, I'm not a militant crimper, but things like these shouldn't be soldered to begin with That's why the earlier version worked. Also the 4 incoming cables' cross section looks a lot bigger that that of the tiny metal strip. Why use huge cables in the first place when you try to squeeze it through that tiny strip at the most vulnerable place in the end, anyway?
I don't understand why they decided to use such fragile 3-to-1 wire. They could have just added 3 connectors directly on the board.
Maybe its arching inside?
You're mostly right.  What you're missing is that...   A break will remain electrically connected, but because the connection is so small/weak, the resistance will cause heat.   Imagine running your stove on cat5.  :P   It could be the side bending does not cause a break, but causes the side pin to have a weaker connection, which increases resistance and heats up.  In short: actual breaks could occur, but don't need to.
so there's a rise in resistance when the terminal breaks partially? I wonder if there would still be an issue if there was no continuity and the terminal broke off cleanly within the plug.
Well. It's time to ditch these flimsy connectors and switch to thick copper busbar terminals.
Keep it up jay
next ageneration rtx will have temperature sensor in gpu, memory and power connector 😁
Years down the road these are mostly all going to fail. They're likely using lead-free solder to meet crap like ROHS. A crimp is a better connection. Soldering is for mounting things to boards and for joining copper pipes.
The problem is a LOOSE connection, not the cable or the soldering.
Great! Nothing like spending 1600 bucks on a lottery of whether or not your rig will catch fire. Ughhh Nvidia
It's crazy to think that this sort of tiny oversights are also what causes planes to crash. Can't overstate the importance and responsibilities of the QA/QC engineers, even the technicians who are working on wires, soldering, and cabling, and the need for them to do their jobs at the highest level always.
that's a really poor design. The wires should have been both crimped and soldered
That soldering goes against all industry standard techniques; you never solder only the edge/side of a wire to a connector. The entire end must have contact otherwise you lose both current rating and strain relief. Either proper terminal crimping or solder cup connectors with strain relief should be used as per industry IEEE standards. No excuses coming from NVIDIA. Looks like a Chinese garage hack job.
I'm not an electrical engineer but it doesn't make sense to me that removing wires from the plate would cause the plate itself to get significantly hotter due to resistance (except for the little arms that reach out to the cables), only due to thermal conductance from the hotter remaining cables. The plate has to transfer the same amount of power regardless of how many sources are connected. The melting looks like its occurring at the pin connection, and not at the base where the cables are soldered, so that must be where the biggest failure is (if this is wrong then idk just ignore my whole comment then). Like you said a smaller path increases heat, my guess is the pins don't make very good contact with the sockets and are arcing or getting too hot because of that poor contact. Putting pressure on the cable to bend it while it's connected, especially with all that reinforcement most of them have, probably causes a lot of pressure on those little pins which could also be a factor for this idea, but I don't have any clue why the outside pins would be the ones that are melting the worst, but if I had the resources to waste I would try pulling/pushing on the cable pretty hard while it's under load to simulate it being pushed against a case rather than bending it really hard then plugging it in
I have a EVGA 3090 TI and I have the “Not working 12pin” because it’s the one that is in your hands jay
So how are they allowed to sell such a hazard product when other products that had faults like this in the past like those one note situation years ago were under investigations and a recall was done? How is this even legal?
Good point... This "adapter" is so crappy ! And the card costs what ?
Why do we need so many wires and thus create a higher resistance because they are thinner?  The car has 12V and a lot of Amps and uses two thick cables, Why can't we have thick cables for the graphics card?  Everything comes from one power supply!
Now we need corsair and cablemod wired tore open
Individuals and hobbyists doing the work billion dollar corporations clearly didn't.
Maybe you need light contact at the broken solder. Light contact can create high resistance while allowing current to pass, greatly increasing heat at the high resistance open. acting like the wires in a toaster, which are just high resistance wires that allow current to pass through creating heat.   A broken connection held in place by the plastic housing can have the same high resistance effect. Cutting the wire completely wouldn't necessarily create enough resistance in the remaining wires to create a high heat condition. It may pass more current but the resistance in the wire may still be low enough to prevent overheating.
It just -works- *sparks*
It doesn't help that the wires are barely hanging on to the solders as-is. The joints are nice and shiny, but they basically just laid the comparatively heavy wire on top of the thin metal flake that makes up the pins. I'm surprised they aren't just popping right off.  EDIT: I just realized something looking at the close-ups; the "plate" that all of the solder is connected to isn't a plate. It's a row of flat, separated squares hanging off the ends of the pins. It's like they chunked out 6-pin sections right off the plate stamper and put the wires between the squares to try and hold them all together. They're using the solder as a support for the pins.
short answer: PCI-SIG should never have approved this nonsense for high current applications, intel should never have pushed for it, and nvidia should never have adopted it.  it also tells me they never real world tested it, just lab testing.  mehhhhhhhh
My Two Cents.  This will be down to the connector tolerances i feel.  Reason Cables like Corsair are better and are more safer, Is the fact each wire can move in the socket. Meaning it as a better tolerance for error  If you study all the picture of the failures. There have all been Resistance failures. Meaning metal as overheated (Tinted) due to poor contact.  I'd love someone to do accurate measurement of the failed connectors/ Sockets.
The pin that displays melting is not the problem, it's one (or more) of the other pins not making contact. The max continuous power for this wire-to-board connector is 360W, so if you are exceeding this then that is an engineering design issue (you need a minimum of a 20pin connector for 600W, remember current flowing into a node is the same flowing out). There are many workmanship problems that may cause an issue. The main flaw I see is that the connector is being used in a way that was not designed for. These pins need to float in the socket in order to make a connection. Use with the PCB does not allow the pin to align. Move the PCB off the connector.
That’s an extremely plausible scenario, shocked they didn’t catch this during the design stage 😂
I've been a prototype wireman for 30+ years.  I can only say @ JayzTwoCents, it is incredibly difficult to solder a wire onto a crimp. Firstly without burning/melting the wires insulation. Secondly to actually make a good enough solder joint. You can test out just how good a solder joint is by pulling on the wire - the wire should break first.  AMD have the right idea, two power connectors done the right way. It just looks much more robust. And probably have actually crimped their wires into a crimp rather than solder them.  It did make me lol and shake my head though, when i saw the pics.
They needed a new connector this generation anyway. So why the fuck are were they limiting themselves to these small pins and trying to share load among a bunch of them? Why didn't they use something beefy like a XT60 connector?
the VTX 5090 will be powered by a single usb c 6.0
👍👍❤️❤️❤️
China strikes again.
Glad to know my 3090 Ti adaptor is good, I got worried after seeing the 40 series cables failing.
Been building PCs for 3 decades... Never once had to worry about over-bending a soldered connection... Isn't the purpose of crimped connectors to avoid the issues with soldered joints? Lol
I HAVE TO HAVE THE BEST HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
cutting the wire and or breaking it off at that point doesnt really heat the connector end more.. it would only heat up the cables more because more current is drawn over each wire. even with one wire there would still be 6pins on each side connected. so in that case the wire will deff run hot. not the plug itself. Allthough i have to say that solderjoint igor showed looked really nasty like overcooked. anyway.  Wiggly connections give way more heat (on the connector end) than breaking of a wire. cheers
its so fucking ghetto...
If the wire break of and it is still held in place by the rubber the intermittent connection will heat it up alot more than just cutting the wire
If it was completely breaking on the outside pins it wouldn’t melt the outside pins because no current is flowing there. I see this all the time at work. It’s not that its breaking completely, it’s cracking and that makes a poor connection which will cause heat due to the now seriously reduced current capacity of the circuit, melting the pin that has the poor connection. Similar to only soldering a few strands out of the dozen or so in a 14 AWG wire.
People should sue Nvidia for a lot of money.
this seems like something that should easily have been caught in engineering.
love how the card cant tell
So Nvidia going for the cost-cutting option, "our profits, not our problem". Giving us a failure of a system (the cable design) at our expense.
loool
Nvidia charges so much for their cards but can't even get the connectors right. Someone should tweet pictures of melted connectors to Nvidia with the question: "Is this worth thousands of dollars?"
Cool informative video!
No, he did not figure it out. He has presented a plausible theory.
All good but tell ''igors lab'' to get a beter macro camera lol
sometimes I cannot imagine how pro designers could produce an amateur design like this. This converter cable shouldn't be existed in the 1st place.
I seem to recall seeing a notice specifically stating not to bend the plug side to side. Simple solution, buy the Corsair harness or the Cablemod harness and throw the Nvidia harness in the trash.
I feel like people are making this too complicated.. its pulling away, probably partially attached and arcing, all electricity wants to do is go to ground. So that partially connected point is going to cause a burn.  Don't actually do it but pull a live wire against something enough not to trip something,  but partially connect, the same thing will happen. It's probably just poor manufactured crap that makes some defective
Imagine if nVidia had posted "Should we include a solder joint in our new connector" on r/PCSleeving before they made this. They would've had an answer in the emphatic negative in less than 60 seconds...
bus bar
Your forgetting that the break will still be close to the contact surface causing arcing and sparks sir like cavitation in water on a prop cause alot of damage and heat
Any company out there selling 90 degree adapters for this wire yet?
"it just works"
i just wonder why they didn't just design a right angle plug. they know that in most cases it is going to have to be bent. just use a right angle plug or even have an adapter so the cable can be ran straight. should have had more strain relief too, and the solder joins on even the cleaner looking connectors look amateur.
Question, should I be concerned with a 16-pin to 16-pin cable, or that should be fine as it’s 1:1 and doesn’t have this ‘metal foil’ component to bridge four 8-pins into a 16-pin
The problem of heat development arises when a gap is created by the fracture of the soldering and the current seeks its way across the gap - in which it virtually "flashes over". And that's where much higher temperatures develop than just 60°C.
An engineer at invidia should devise a way to have a tester on both sides of all the cords in the power cord that notifies you if power is going through a line that isn't making it to the other side. If it's set up that way, it would be much safer, though that might also need a modification to the power supplies and motherboards.
Oh boy, this looks like something I would have hacked together to make an "adapter".
I'm not an engineer, but I have enough knowledge to know from the moment I first saw these adapters, that they would be greatly lowering the safety margin and would be extremely delicate. Add its triple slot design and this is a bad generation for Nvidia, imo.
Improvised bus plate.  This wire-to-pin sharing is akin to double-tapping on a circuit breaker.  Big no-no.
If you posted those solder joints in a drone group you would be roasted for poor soldering.
Oh, Hi Jay. Didn't see you there.
Yeah don't want to cutting corners with electrical stuff at all. Just overrate stuff. With how much these cards cost, the added call should be very minor.
Sure looks like some bad soldered contact design there...
I guess I don't understand why for the price of that card, they can't include a cable like the Corsair one you showed.
A solder joint should not be the sole support for a wire.
Good to know it's just the adapter.  Nvidia should offer replacement adapters (improved ones at least) or something to those affected.
As an electrician you never want any connection to be put under stress If you have a look at a simple plug top there is always a clamp to stop any stress on the connections. This design places stress on the soldered connections which is a basic engineering flaw which has obviously been done to save a few cents on copper cables. A classic example engineering profits over quality.
what a shitty design
Welp, after spending $1600 for the card, you have to spend extra buying 3rd party adapter just to feel safe 😅
One way this could be solved is adding L shaped dongle connectors to the plugs onto the GPU (left, right, up or down), thereby alleviating the bending going side to side.
So, the 2x8 pin connector is better than 1x12. Problem solved.
This is like the 5th video about this darn plug, lol. I predict two more atleast.  Good findings though from all involved. Those folks at be quiet sure are smart. Still glad they went with this connector. Would've been a mess plugging in 4!!! of those plugs.
Surely the question should be why draw so much power/current ? We need a lower voltage solution !! What's next ? 3-phase power for pc's !!
Some MBA bean counter type probably figured out they could save 50 cents per adapter by making them like this instead of doing it right.
Also seeing a lot of people who think the poor connection leads to extra draw on the good connections, however the thats not quite accurate. Poor connection causes resistance, resistance causes power to dissipate as heat. That’s why you can run 100A through a larger wire without issue, but if you try running 100A through a small wire (ex. 20 gauge) it will burn up.
Your plug had more actual solder on the pads and seemed built correctly (manufacturing process). Those pads/pin bases are crazy thin for that kind of amperage load. There are many videos out there about why engineers leave solder mask (color covering) off the traces on circuit boards in high amperage areas so solder can be deposited. Thicker traces copper and solder carry higher loads. This is why yours was able to withstand more current over a long period of time. Your ultimate conclusion is correct.
@JayZTwoCent, pretty sure the biggest Problem with partially broken joint in these plugs is either arcing or increase resistance due to reduce conductor area ..  remember electron travel on the surface of conducting media…. And if arcing, low Current can create tremendous among of localized heat…. So I doubt the heat comes from the other cable being current overload by missing connection on 1 of the positive Pin…
You guys are looking into this from the wrong way. Completely cutting down a cable will not cause a big temperature rise as the other cables are fixed to the connector firmly. If you were to weaken the contact points (between wire and solder point) of edge connector wires, then you will see that the temperature will start climbing alot rapidly. Because its trying to push large amount of current through a very narrowed conductor. Like you showed the incidents on internet are mostly showing corners of the plug being melted because those are the wires that are prone to either get broken or weakened through bends. Cheers!
*blink* those sense wires seem dumb, they could have just NOT merged all the wires with a giant "foil" joint in the back of the plug and individually wired them, then sensed the ground, and the +12v on the card directly without the OOB sense wires.  This way the card can check BOTH the 12v and 0v and know for sure what it can pull.  Also, it might be time we talk about 24v for video cards...
Honestly this is cable design 101 here. If you take apart any soldered audio connector you’ll see the wire is clamped into place so strain can’t be placed on the solder. Same goes for most connectors such as USB.
Hi Jay, from my experience you actually will not see abnormally high temperatures by cleanly cutting one of the cables. I believe the issue is when the solder joint is cracked, or completely broken but still held in place by the housing. This will introduce a much higher resistance zone and probably lots of arcing. So allowing the current to still flow through the "broken" connection, but much less efficiently will cause much higher resistance and thus heat. I don't claim to be an expert but, I do work as a computer engineer in industrial automation and see this type of failure pretty frequently.
I work for Molex (the maker of that connector) albeit I'm not part of the connector division but I have seen many failures of electronics in general so I'll put my two cents in.  I am not sure what the pin outs are for atx12 volt but the connector is rated for 5 amps for each pin plus a margin of safety so I do not think these connectors are melting because one pin breaks and others are taking more load. What I think is going on here is that one connector is cracking but not fully broken (from repeated insertion and/or bending) cause an increase in resistance (think of a lot of current through a small wire) and cause it too heat up and melt. Furthermore, if the connection is broken, there may be arcing which again causes heat and failure of the connector.
fuck no wonder evga had enough
too many small wires in too small of a connector.....
I won’t use the adapter. Good to know you were not able to re-create the problem though.
the madlad did it again, les thn 24 hours! another cable video yaaaay
It happens.. I seen a video of a client bought a Porche.. it had a VW engine in it... I will definitely wait for a 4th series. Let me know when all the 3rd gen gpus are under 500$ 😁
There is no way that any inspections what let that solder joint leve there building that is the worst solder I have ever seen
That engineers got fired
Props to Corsair for going for a bulletproof design rather than the weak one.
So what buildzoid said after reading the cablemod page before igor posted anything.
i mean it blows my mind that everybody talks about the wires being wrapped up but nobody decided to unwrap and look under lmao
Whoever does THAT to it?? Stop building your own computers, and have the Geek Squad do it.
I think I am just going to skip Nvidia new lineup for my next computer built
At the end of the day the plug is way to small to pull so much power through reliably. With the increase in power demands and for good voltage stability these plugs should be getting bigger not smaller. With heat the resistance in the pins increases, as the temperature increase and so does the resistance, as that voltage that the card see starts to decrease it will increase the demand for current to maintain the required wattage (remember wattage is the voltage times the current as one of those two decrease the other must increase) thus you will get a runaway effect. With the cost of these cards company’s such as Nvidia and those that create/oversee these standards should be doing the right thing by the consumers, looks like baked in failure to me. Personally when I get to the stage I might be purchasing one of these cards (2nd hand and without warranty) I will be dismantling the card, desoldering that plug and hard wiring my own solution to the card not only for the safety of my computer but to maintain a high as possible quality of power to the card.
JAY , your half right , the outer 2 pins are breaking , but what is causing the heat is , where the pins are broke the voltage is arking  across the break like a spark plug , that is where the heat is coming from not that it has to draw more voltage from the 2 inner wires its like a bad connection causes heat , same applies here . As the voltage jumps from one broken piece to where it was connected that is what melts the plug.. i hope you get what im saying..
Why the heck didn’t NVIDIA do what Corsair did?!
Good thing I would never spend that amount of money on a GPU!!
So I'm not an engineer or anything like that, I'm just a humble chef... however I'd like to think I'm pretty smart.  If one of the 2 side 12v pads are breaking off (but still remaining inside the housing) I would assume that could cause arcing between the 2 contacts.  I believe thats where the problem is.  It isnt that the 2 middle wires are now pulling all of the current.  This is also backed up by the fact that its the OUTSIDE plugs that have been shown melted in all of the photos I've seen.  NOT the inner ones.
I'm wondering if they're getting voltage runaway?
Isn't that metal piece that all the wires connect to called a "Bus bar"? Since all the current shares a bus to the connector?
Can I use the Corsair cable with a Be Quiet power supply?
What is soddered?  It looks like it was soldered. Anyway, that plug is rubbish. Shame on the manufacturer.
So now I need a new PSU on top of a new case :/
bottom line , those adapters that nvidia includes with the cards need to be recalled .
EVGA "eating popcorn"
The broken ones are still in partial contact so those joints can arc and the burning from that creates a higher resistance connection on the broken joint.  Higher resistance equals higher voltage drop across the joint and that power loss is dissipated as heat.  The unbroken pins will carry more current but wont get nearly as hot dues to the low resistance joint.
i would laugh my ass off if NVIDIA knew this the entire time (like internally upper mgmt or execs were told but didn't care)
The problem is not the increase in resistence, is that a crack in the metal  is close enough that you get sparks arching the gap...
DON'T USE THAT JANKY ASS ADAPTER.
Nvidia should now be able to solve this problem.
Hardware companies are going software route where they launch a faulty product and then release a bunch of bug fixes or updates to make it work later. But the problem is hardwares doesn't work that way.
This just shows how backward we have become. Technolgy is going 100 % backward, there is no progress. Companies are just fleecing customers for money and delivering substandard kit.
Its like a vindication on your legit concerns before it was launched!
I have RTX 4090 but I haven't install it yet. Still use RTX 3080 until for better PSU with PCI-E 5.0.
@JayzTwoCents - I had a thought. I don't 100% know how applicable it is, which I'll get to, but it was a thought. And this is not me saying, "Oh I know what the problem is." This is me saying, "I have a hypothesis but literally zero means to test it."  I used to work for a third-party high-voltage electrical insulation systems testing laboratory. (Yeah, it's a mouthful.) We did the third-party testing that ALL of the US, Japan, China, Germany, etc. manufacturers of transformers, motors, and generators, rely upon to get their certifications from certifying bodies (UL, CE, TUV, etc.) 99.9% of what we dealt with was AC, not DC, so I genuinely don't know how well it would apply, but I have a suspicion that it might apply anyway.  I wonder if the problem is less about making three 8-pin connectors do the work of four, and more about arcing inside the connector when a solder joint breaks.  See, with AC, it takes 30-32 kV to cause an arc across a 1-inch air gap. (We had a cool demonstration apparatus to illustrate this, and I no longer have the video of it, but it is what it is.) We're obviously talking about much, MUCH smaller gaps than 1-inch here, and admittedly DC *does* behave differently than AC.  However, the thought that came to mind from watching this and other videos on the issue was this - what if the solder joint broke, but remained physically close enough to the bridging foil to allow the voltage to arc across the gap? An electrical arc, AC or DC, generates WAY more heat than a somewhat-overloaded-but-still-solidly-connected solder joint. If the solder joint broke, but was close enough to arc, it would suuuuper easily melt the plastic (likely a Delrin derivative) that makes up the connector.
That foil thing is called a buss wire/bar
I'm surprised that you would attempt to reproduce igor's findings, fail, and still conclude that he is correct. Even before you were unable to reproduce the failure, I was skeptical of igor's findings because he was proposing that the melting was due to high current in a component (the foil) that isn't physically that close to the area where the melting occurs (the pins). I think it is most likely that there is some defect causing high resistance in the connection between the pins and the socket, but only time and a proper investigation by NVIDIA will tell.
I've never imagined such a bad design on a power connector. What the "experts" were thinking while designing this?.
Nvidia needs to really get this power draw thing under fucking wraps. It's veered into ridiculous territory on these cards. Little much
I'll stick with the 30 series.
Ya know they honestly may have skirted around all this if they would've just put the coupling on the end like any other GPU, instead of the length wise section. It may have not required so much lateral force on the adapter. Would've been mostly up and down pressure instead. Know they were sweating it fitting in cases but I think they created much more of a problem doing it the way that they have. But what do I know, I'm just a commenter on the yewtoobs
And this is why I wait awhile before getting a new gpu. Gives them time to work out the kinks on initial release
yet another reason to watch buildzoid
The boken pin generetes heat by the intermitent contact. Thas why the plug melted, not by the overload on the other pins/cables
Yea fuck this. Not supporting Nvidia ever again
Yeah, it’s not melting due to 450w in the remaining two. It’s melting because the broken solder joint is causing arcing and higher resistance. :/
The descriptions in this video seem all over the place.  Jay tries and fails to regurgitate things he doesn't understand.
Dude tell me that the solder joints were damaged during your tests and that nvidia doesn't send out that turkey poop looking solder job. I could do a better job with a BIC.
And "enthusiasts" will still shell out thousands of dollars for shitty engineering like this to be "cutting edge". A fool and their money will soon be parted.
What are the chances that the broken wire is possibly touching the adjacent connection? In theory, that would be putting more voltage through a single connector than it is intended to have.
their adapter is about the least graceful way of fixing something that wasn't actually a problem.
I orded a Cablemod custom cable for my seasonic power supply. I'm now curious if they are wired properly or should I be worried about failure as well.
ended up getting a bad rgb controller from pccooler after it got hot for it not being plugged in very long but glad they were able to address the gpu cable
when the metal pad broken in side, It could cause electric spark => heat
Take it to the belt sander.
remember that igor also said something about capacitor that in the end it was not the issue.... so lets wait for more investigation
Nvidia.. creating a problem from a perfect fine working situation.
Stop trying to create fake news ! You keep on insisting that the cable is dangerous and yet cant prove it fails.
nvidia still quiet with all this fuck up lmao
I wanted to note what your saying about the cause of the heat issues is dead on. Here is a little evaluation from an engineering perspective verifying what you said.  Just some quick math. A #14 awg wire is designed to handle 15amps. Amps= Watts/Volts. Current will evenly distribute, so 600Watts will distribute 12.5Amps to each of the 4 wires. If you loose one wire leaving you with 3 wires, the amps per wire will increase to 16.667 Amps pushing1.667 Amps above the rated amperage of the #14 Wire causing it to over heat.   To avoid potential injury on existing connectors I would recommend a strain relief at the exit of the connector.
Please bear in mind that your FLIR can't accurately read the temperature of bare metal, since its emissivity is very low. You'll get good readings off the nearby plastic, but the traditional thermographers' hack is to stick a bit of matte black tape (I like Taeyoung electrical tape) onto a metal surface and then measure the temperature of the tape. A spritz of black spraypaint also works well.
As power draw increases so should the size of the connector. I predicted that right angle adaptors would be needed for these cards and it seems like my prediction was correct (for once).
Between needing frames to go around the CPU and cables melting...what the heck is wrong with these companies.
this type of cables with tiny multi cables is the most dumb shit the PCI-SiG insist to use. all my pci-e cables are changed to 4x4.0mmc single cable with 4x8 pin ends since i bought my first crossfire setup and one corsair ax1200 years ago.
Grounds and power wires are too close and at high amps you get arcing and thats where the heat comes in
9:45 It also looks like they're using aluminum wire instead of copper. Not even copper clad aluminum! The igorslab pic has some of the insulation peeled back on one wire and there isn't any copper to be seen. Aluminum is a great conductor, but I'd rather see copper (or at least CCA) in smaller gauge wires like this in a high current situation.
Shitty design, like we knew all along. Anyone here surprised? I'm not.
so in short all this problem happened because of using adapters ( pcie8 to pcie12 )..  what about native connection from PSU?  still has the same problem?  since we already got PSU ATX3.0 like from FSP
I'll stick with my 3090 until the 6k series, thanks.
This 12-pin connector is such a train wreck. What a horrible design.
high power wire has been known as a failure point when soldered for a long time, properly done, solder is ok, over a crimp.  tin at 0c is at a temperature that will allow creep, it's an odd metal that way, any tension will loosen it after a while.
In short, you only describer one of the possible corner cases, the connector cable combo is IMHO mechanically unfit for the purpose.  hate to say it, but the connector is made of plastic which might be less stiff than the cable and the pins. At full load, if the male pin is at an angle to the female contact and it will touch it at a much smaller surface, it will result in higher resistance ergo will be prone to carbonisation only exacerbating the resistance leading to melting due to high temp. With hundreds of amps you will always risk a problem of overheating, the connector is just not mechanically sturdy enough for the challenge.  People would say that at NVIDIA the engineers would have known this, though I ve seen the same mistake made at top aerospace companies and I d say for satellites they have comparatively better electrical engineers than NVIDIA and still make a bad judgement call sometimes. Fundamentally, the fix is to desolder the original onboard connector and to replace it with possibly a metallic body microd power connector with a dclick (google it) or better mechanically sound solution.  It does not change the fact that the harness is nominally fit for purpose and the calculation nominally fits, though the mechanical properties combined with the use case render the solution unreliable and dangerous, likely with a higher quality harness too i.e. I would be hesitant to recommend alternate cables
what i think is hapening is the pad is breaking off but in its casing is still making some kind of contact but not full and causing heat to build ino just a thought i had
Since you mentioned NVIDIA requesting the cards, it is probably also a portion of why there are failures. Don't forget that you can damage the plug if you bend the cord with it plugged into the card. If there's a damaged plug & damaged cord, it should exacerbate the problem you're trying to simulate on the cord only.
This also means that you pretty much cannot trust a second hand adapter if you buy a used 40 series card down the road, who knows if the previous owner bent the adapter.  Ideally the new PSUs will be more widespread at that point and this won't be as relevant but it's still a concern with used cards.
I'll say it again: They need to get away from the 12V supply and go 48V or 60V. Then the connector does not have to carry nearly as much current, and the problems go away. You can use thinner wires, too. Easier for cable management, cheaper to construct.
I'm glad that Corsair's 12VHPWR cable is a safe solution for my RMx PSU. Now if only I could get my hands on a 4090. :p
Keeping my adapter as straight as it can be. Got my halotron fire extinguisher at hand. Hoping for the best till my Cablemod cable comes.
I think my greatest concern is that the plug is soldered with no mechanical retention.  Sure, the current may not get hot enough to MELT the solder, but solder will get ductile as it heats up.  Put any mechanical load on a soldered joint and run enough current through it, and it will eventually work it's way loose in my opinion.   Soldered connections are fine on a PCB where there are no mechanical loads, but WHY would they use a soldered connection on a high current line under mechanical strain? It makes no sense to me.
I'd imagine being in a case would make a huge difference. My asus 3080 in my fractal meshify makes the glass so hot next to the card I can almost not touch the glass, with gpu temp at 80c. You need to test the 40 series in that manner. Glass conducts the heat so well and with the cable right up on it, I bet you get more than a few degrees more in temperature.
Bending or not, the surface area on the end wires is smaller. The connections and contacts in the centre are twice as big per wire. I'd naturally expect it to melt at these points first, especially if the card draws on all 6 connections evenly.  I'd be careful drawing conclusions from such an insignificant set of data. The cause is still yet to be determined.  Edit: I agree, 6 dedicated ground and power is safe. I don't like the way it's soldered at all to that bar. I like old school molex where 2 wires are crimped together. Still I'm sure people melted molex too by severe bending.
Murphy's engineering for planned obsolescence corollary: take $%#@ out till something breaks, then put it back. Rinse and repeat. Including, but not limited to, wire diameter, plastics, metallurgy. Then call the actuaries for an estimated body count, the lawyers for boiler plate, marketing for spin.
Geez... I could design and build a better implementation in my garage...
Exciting... :D
Curious to find out if out of the box these cables have the possibility to break from the bend sideways. Or, if you could technically bend them, but overtime when heat gets into the foil it makes it brittle and eventually snap from the pressure of being bent.
I bought two 4090s and on one of them I believe I bent my cable a bit in the area you shouldn’t bend it, I’m going to likely just buy the Corsair cable after seeing your video; glad to see they remedied it at least. shame on nvidia sending us such badly designed cables, they owe us a free cable.  I’ve only owned one other card with terrible wiring and that was the FM Towns PCI card; a nightmare of wires soldered like macgyver built it, nvidia did no better with this atrocity. When you spend 3k, you expect better build quality on a cable.
So its a design flaw. It sounds like it might be arcing on broken but partially in contact solder. Arcing gets hundreds if not thousands of degrees for a second at a time.
4 x 8 pins joined in 12 pins with thin form, not wise . We should re-mod it.
ok heres why the pin size is toooo small the pins do not fully connect to the things they do on top and bottom not sides they have compression pins inside the pins that sorta hold it in so you have contact on the top and bottom only.. not to mention solder on a pcb with 980 watts that solder is going to get hot and fail break off etc you need to directly connect to the pins so heres how to fix it all  first ditch the whole thing start with aircraft grade pins round ones that make 360 degree connections no pcb the big oleeee wire connects directly to the pins  double or tipple pin side and use a locking style connector the kind they use on aircraft where it screws on then with the correct wire size and 1000 watts or 8 amps those tiny wires are inadequate what they did was build the card first say oh shit to much draw oh lets slap on this this is all we have and hope for slippage will be low slippage is people returning and or forcing them to refund see a company wont change unless 60 or more percent of you return stuff or a forced government return forces their hand they just tossed these power hungry cards out there with no consideration and thought now the connector on the card would have to be designed like a tank you need 16 guage 2wires man bare min for this thing 2 pairs so imagine 2 extension cords thick ones construction thats whats needed 1000 watts people and those  24 guage wires hardly cut it its why they have soooo many of them also jst style connector for sensors lol wtf is this company thinking yoiu need locking connections etc quality stuff they played on your stupidity ie ohhhh its a massive card better fps lol when a 3070 or 1060 card will still play at 60 fps just fine all games folks dont believe the hype..  btw im a certified mechanic with emphases on diagnostics i spiralize in electrical  now years ago in the 2000s a company that made power supplies cant remember but i still have the cables  had air craft grade connections it was the only kind that was the propper way and it was only 500 watts modular mind you and the wires where double what was needed see when wires heat up and releax that connection is expanding too along with the wires folks 980 watts in a graphisx card or what ever it is plus your cpu plus every thing else 1200 watt min power supply youll needs thats 1.2 kilowatts thats 4-5 dollars a day to run your pc let that sink in.. where a 400-500 watt pc would be just fine and i run a 3070 with last years specs paids 4 grand for it yes over priced it was the pandemic those scum bags sold the card double but i have a upper middle end pc and it works just fine at 500 watts i even ran bf2042 med settings on my 1060 card just fine but i wanted newer stuff 10 year old pc with semi new card well to me was just fine for all games. but this cable is freaking crazy it looks cheap  crap my 3070 cable theres 2 of them has 16 connections for power and directly to the pins so why redesign or make crappy connectors i really dont know
Yea it doesn't actually matter how many wires it is, cause you know, there is 2 wires that go to the shower head, and they draw way more power. But since we are here, can someone actually explain to me why they're made like this? I'm a electrician and it just seems dumb. Why use 4 wires wen u only need power and ground?
for every dollar I saved for packaging gimped wires, goes toward my leather fund.
Glad they finally worked out what it was.  I am surprised they just didnt join the wires closer to the power supply and have a long cable to the card, instead of the adapter attached to the card itself. Did you cut your sense wires and the main wires?   I thought the fault was when the sense wire is connected but the power wires isnt.
way worser Jay, way worser....
Well good thing there's people out there that care enough to fix Nvidia's bullshit. "They're shit just works man". Ain't nothing wrong with it.
so other words its extremely cheap made .....4090 is garbage basically , super over size beef up useless garbage video card that catchs on fire
resistance check like a perfect ethernet cable also same length or exact length mods to achieve better than standard cable sizes used in under load testing
I only just learned connection crimping and soldering for some 3D printer mods so I dont want to speak with authority here. Can anyone with a bit of experience making this kinda stuff confirm if this design is as lazy and fragile looking as I think it is?
With as big as these cards are why not just make your own power brick that plugs in the back of the card next to the rest of your ports? Kinda like the old Xbox power blocks.
Instead of making reactionary videos, how about  you let the professionals figure it out. DIdn't need to make 3 videos on this topic. Clearly just milking for views.
Why does it always have to be smaller? Also sth. I don't understand with phones, tablets and laptops...at some point a limit is reached and thats fine. However they still try to make it smaller but increase the energy consumption and heat generated...and for a non-portable cable i don't understand it even more.
background music A+
16bit audio powersystem is showing defects to insure clarity ..  dont blame the chip and now CHIPPCB aka pcb is so smart its almost a standalone chip...
I don't get it.  We have high capacity power connectors with heavy duty strain avoidance designs.  High end cards are now comfortably over $1000 MSRP.  I'm pretty sure they could find margin to fit a fancy cable termination.  Thinking something like those cables that have swivel joints, but just put 2 or 3 in sequence to accommodate bending along both axis.  Or hell, just terminators where the leads come out at 90 degrees to the receptacle.  I feel like we've been using electricity for long enough as a society that "bending cable causes fire" should not be something that leaves the early stages of product development.
Let’s remember that this is all a byproduct of going balls to the wall to get top numbers at the expense of efficiency
Igor: "What (NVIDIA) hump?"
I don't quite understand. If the side cables are disconnecting, thus putting more load on the inner two cables - which translate to the inner *four* pins, why is that in the pictures damage happens on the outer two pins?
So, they basically they broke the rule that electrical engineers have been following for 50 years:  Don't solder power connections!  Crimp them!
That Corsair cable you showed is a damn myth. Stupid shit is always sold out
I hate the adapter. Can’t properly shut case side panel. Waiting for the cable mod angled version. NV was so foolish to put the plug on the side instead of the end of the card.
My dad owns Microsoft and he said yes this is exactly why
Jay, worst than no contacct at all is a bad contact (aka high resistance, but not open). If they cold solder barly touch the foil, then a hot spot is created. It's like having a tiny tiny wire with a lot of current going to it. In your case, there are other ways for the electricity to travel and this shouldn't allow for over heating on the bad contact.   On the other hand, if all the wires from a single phase (rail) are cut due to desoldering or breaking pins, then there might be heat created through the bad contact from that rail trying to push its current though a small wire.   For exemple, having 3 wires from the first rail on the 3 first solders spots and the last solder spot is being fed from another rail. If this last solder fails and make bad contact, then the heat would spread through pin and then the plastic and melt the connector.  This is my theory... Not sure if I'm clear. Englsih isn't my first language.
wow, NVidia really didn't cheap out on a 1600$ graphics card. But on the extras in the box...
Since the wire would break from the solder joint, try intermittently touching and removing the wire from the foil connecting pad.  The loose / broken connection would definitely cause a high resistance connection which would result in more heat.
Gordon Ung hosted a technical discussion with Intel's Platform Power Specialist Stephen Eastman, Intel's resident power supply design and spec expert, regarding ATX 3.0 and ATX12VO 2.0 power supply design specifications. In that discussion Stephen Eastman (Intel) was adamant that (HEDT) PC builders should strongly avoid using 12VHPWR graphics *adapters* precisely because poorly designed and built adapters can easily lead to the type of serious problems documented by Jay, Igor, and others.
So if I have a 4090 factory sealed wtf do I do to avoid this exactly?
Excellent investigation from the tech community collective pat on the back. What NVIDIA needs is a 200lb gorilla I volunteer myself. I’ll fiddle around like an idiot to find problems.
Nvidia should read this (and view the video). UL was always run by pyromaniacs I reckon. Without a doubt, their best product safety test was the one that used * HOT FLAMING OIL *   "IEC 60950-1:2013 Annex A.3 Hot Flaming Oil Test Apparatus  Product overview:  The hot flaming oil test device conforms to IEC60950-1:2005 and IEC60950-1:2013 clause 4.6.2, Annex A.3. It is used to simulate that the flammable liquids used in electrical and electronic equipment may ignite due to overheating and leak out of the fire protection enclosure, causing electrical fires and endangering the reliable operation of the equipment and personal safety.  Test principle:  Fill 10mL of flammable liquid with the specified performance (average calorific value 38MJ/L, mass per unit volume between: 0.845g/mL～0.865g/mL, flash point: 43.5℃~93.5℃) in the metal ladle, after heating to the distillate fuel oil’s ignition point and burning 1mim, the motor drives the spoon to rotate at a certain height (100mm) and a certain flow rate (1mL/s), and then steadily pour the flammable liquid on the center of the opening of the sample (fire protection enclosure). The fire protection performance of the test product is evaluated by whether the ignition bedding at the specified distance (50mm) and with the specified density (40g/m2) under the test product is ignited."  If you can pass that, you're doing really well ! And NO, it's not a joke. It''s for REAL.
I'm sure the bean counters decided this was a good idea (because individual copper wires are expensive) and then had China make them which is why the solder joints are not consistent.
Look, i am an electrician and i didn't even had to watch past 3:30 to know thats its a faulty connection, its the same reason T adaptors melt, poor connection causes high resistance = more heat. But wow, what a piece of crap cable, the horrendous soldering manages to be thicker than the connection, what are they employing now in china instead of kids? Monkeys?
NVIDIA why ? if you didn't change the the 8 pin connectors this cud have not happen at all. is the 8 pin connector that big ?
Soo, then this is all on Nvidia, and pretty similar to what happened with the NZXT riser cables. It is going to be interesting seeing how Nvidia handles this situation.
those cables make me think of kids homemade sound systems in highschool.. i can’t elaborate
What a horrible connector design.
That doesn't make sense. If the connections on the outside connectors break the current will overload the remaining intact connectors. It is these remaining connectors that will overheat.
So Nvidia couldn’t figure this out? 🤦‍♂️
If your PSU has the PCIE cables spread over multiple rails it must not be good to just tie them up together on that bus bar at the end of the connector don't it?
buy a $2000 gpu, get a free shit cable with it that might burn. great.
In conclusion... Nvidia should buy seasonic and get some folks who know power delivery to engineer their stuff.
So after watching this video, it looks like the situation can be recreated, but not consistently. This makes the situation seem less like a design philosophy problem and more like a  manufacturing/sourcing problem. At least at the current moment. If that's what the situation is, then I can see why Nvidia and its techs were confident that there is no problem with the design of the cable. But lets keep digging and see where this rabbit hole leads. We've gotten this far!
So this is a completely failed design.
Under engineered and under Q.C.'d to maximize profit. Got it.
Nvidia doing its Nvidia things. I’m waiting for AMD, it probably won’t be as powerful as the 4090 but it definitely wont be melting power connectors which is much better. Lol
I still dont understand why the power plugs on cards are where they are.  like... put them on the underside pointing down or something.  Would be more hidden too.   Why force the cable bends all the way up front.
pff, imagine buying a 2k graphics card and get this piece of crap.... looks like nvidia wanted to sell you one more gpu, cause at the end its your own fault. you didnt do it like it was shown in the manual....
Im not completely convinced  Im an electrical engineer and i work with high power connectors fairly regularly and it appears to me to be some sort of high resistance in the connection it self  either very poorly made contacts, corrosion or factory crud, or i think more realistically an improperly seated connector  but all i have to go off is photos, i assume ATX will do an independent investigation and we will get the exact cause in the next few months
It isn’t a bug, it’s a feature to prevent condensation for XOC.
Glad I got one of the direct to PSU Corsair cables. I only had to use the adapter for a day or 2.
Nvidia needs to recall these adapters. Send out fixed replacements to everyone who bought one automatically, and a website where you can request one (for people who bought them second hand), and provide instructions to remove (duh, hopefully), and destroy (by cutting), and then dispose of, the old adapters
The largest gorilla in the room  isn't the fact that the cables look cheap and nasty, it's the double down denial by Nividia that there could be an issue.
seems like they need to redesign this connector to account for bends and increase the metal thickness to allow more flow of power through them. not exactly something i want to deal with on a 2000-dollar video card.
JayTwoCents Failure Analysis Lab
Awesome job covering it, and thanks to Igor's Lab. I heard of this and thought it sounded ridiculous since there's no way it could stress with 4 connections, only to discover it was either 3 or 2 that were actually connected, causing high temps due to the resistance.
bloody QA problems, and they've no doubt sent that plug out to whoever will make it the cheapest.. Seems to need a few things specifically to go wrong, i'm worried about the future of these pins - while a key QA issue is that junction, and the fact they've acknowledged the pin cycle life - having the pad snap off in jays hands cleanly like that raises another point of the metal fatiguing faster then it realistically should. So real world pin cycle count is a concern
They have to make it out of metal with a mini heatsink on it or a little fan🤔😁
Simple solution: don't buy NVidia's FE cards, always go with a third-party manufacturer.
Seems like a classic case of cutting corners to maximise profit, quality of said product be damned.
Uhm.. there seem to be 2 sensing wires cut on the cable.... Or did you use another cable to test with?
Why Jay's test failed to create a failure: 1) The rubber acts as an insulator, allowing the wires to get hotter 2) Power will still flow over the "crack" in the solder, but at a much higher resistance. It may even arc. Cutting the wire completely, or pulling the wire out to the side, completely stops the electricity from flowing down those wires  Why Jay's test showed any increase in temperature at all: * More metal means more spread for the heat load (it acts like a heat sink)
What a big oversight...
A broken pad that has a gap of 10th of a MM and that is incapsulated by the plug can start arcing and that will push the temp of the plug tremendously, It becomes a Spark Plug and can be hotter or colder depending on the gap and the Amps. Or am I wrong?
All this because George McFly's fashion sense at Nvidia didn't like all the 8 pins on the PCB. An engineer designs a 600W connector that is technically capable of 1400W. The problem is manufacturers being cheap asses.Then countries like China who REALLY don't GAF about you, can make it even cheaper. Look at the selection of 8 pin Y cable quality across the board and say they should have seen this coming..
Nvidia cheaping out on the cable design is the issue, doesn't take a genius to see how dangerous that horrid soldering job is on a cable.
It seems that they are missing fundamental understanding of what they are doing. That's a shame Nvidia, such a fail on a 2k $ graphics card ...
You are contradicting yourself and the findings. If the outer pins are melting the connector and those same wires are broken off, then the amount of load on the inner pins is not melting anything. The outer connection is now unsoldered and sparking. That is the cause of melting. Sparking of unsoldered connections is creating heat and is melting the plastic around the pins. The problem tough is showing too much wires into a small finicky connector. It does not matter how well it is soldered. The design itself is a fail. Revoke these things and require a PSU with 12VHPWR.
I hope this bites Nvidia in the ass, they are clearly trying to cut corners to save a buck. Disgusting
if a tab is broken in the rubber shield and making very poor contact can generate extreme temps cutting it off removes the poor contact i see it all the time in automotive
From that photos the side pins are ripped off from the side bending of the cable and overheating of the metal which can help in breaking the pins faster by melting. I stick to my observation. 2x8 pins = 16 pins can handle only 300W. How can 12 pins handle 600 W ? What you see on thermal camera is not the temperature of the metal, is the temperaure of plastic. Nvidia thought on this like amateurs, not professionals. And another thing is that the 12 pin connector from that power adapter is electrically bad designed, and you can't deny that. Nvidia doesn't have the right to blame users for their mistake.
It's almost like they sold it to you because they knew you would buy it.
I think it’s scary that you can just cut wires off and the system doesn’t care.
Jay, I think or I suspect that I may know the reason now why some of the 4090 manufacturers won't allow the card to draw over 500 watts.  They probably KNOW that the connector can't LEGITIMATELY (safely) handle the current draw of 50 Amps and aren't prepared to put their necks on the block for Nvidia. 500W puts the contact rating into 'sort of' the safe zone (barely). If they'd rated that connector correctly though (multi-contact parts have to have the per pin current figure  thermally derated proportionately according to contact count), it should be a 20 way at least, NOT 12 way. See Molex data.  Kind of reminds me of Gamers Nexus and riser boards that caught fire.
Good work beardy!
It was just an early batch
I'd say since the melting occurs at the broken joints and not on the intact ones, then it's an arcing issue, not impedance on the remaining connections. My two cents. 😄
There is a reason why motorsport don't use solder in their harnesses and this is why.. it produces a stiff point where the bending and stress is concentrated.
Hey, I was right! lol I had said that's it's most likely down to manufacturing defects. In all seriousness though, the reason why Nvidia made the cable like this is because of MSI. MSI's Gamer Trio series uses the same 16 pin connector but only has 3, 8-pin PCIE connectors on the other end. This means Nvidia had to make their connector solution modular to allow all possible configuration types with the same connector/adaptor and allow the AIBs to customize the adaptor cable. Hence, the bridged connection. Looking at the design, we can probably say that some form of strain relief or using a thicker plate with mechanical hardware (screws) backed up by soldering would have given a much larger margin of error with the adaptor cables. Nvidia had these cables designed to the extreme end to cut costs leaving a tiny amount of human error variability left. Their supplier couldn't meet the human error variability requirements nor could they have their inspectors able to catch failed units as a proper control.
If it moves, it has to be crimped, very simple rule of thumb, and then the crimp is supposed to be secured in a housing and not exposed. Though generally any wiring should have strain relief if wiring is accessible  Also the broken off wires will spark or have very high resistance, which will create way more heat than the remaining 4
@Jay - Your final commentary is correct.  Heat is not generated by a broken / open circuit.  It is generated by high current passing through either highly resistive material, or or in this case INADEQUATE material, to carry the load.  So, rather than CUTTING the wire entirely, if you had cut or removed say 50-75% of the copper strands at the solder joint, but kept the circuit intact, I bet you'd have seen some melting and/or fire.
A few observations. That's "foil" is properly called a "bus bar". Bus bars are usually much better built than that. They usually also have strain reliefs to ensure they're not subjected to physical force. Gamers Nexus was blabbing on about how the 4090 adjusted it's load across the 8-pin leads to equalize current draw - that's bupkis. The four leads are connected to individual +12v and GND busbars. Nvidia can use the sense pins to determine how much total to draw, but that's the grand total of the adjustment.
Gaps in wires create arcing. Arcing creates heat. That's where wire insulation melts and can cause fire.
I can't find one detail that is quite important here. Are the pins bridged also on the GPU itself or is the bridge in the adapter the only one? If they are bridged on the GPU, then the flimsy bridge in the adapter should not cause heating up. Electricity will find the path of least resistance and would simply go through the middle 4 pins, then spread to all 6 lanes. If it's the only bridge, then it might be possible that the card tries to pull more power from the outside pins and the only path for it to go is through the tiny bridge. The problem here is that nobody reproduced this behavior, slight increase in temperatures might be just a result of using 5 or 4 out of 6 cables and joints, not enough to cause a meltdown. Besides that, if that was the point that generates too much heat, why would only the outside pins melt? It's a bridge between outside pins and the second from the outside. It would actually make more sense that the outside pins have better cooling than the ones inside and it would melt from inside out. In all cases it's the outside pin that gets hot enough to melt the plastic, so the heat source should not really be in between two pins and only cause one to melt. Even if we'd consider that the outside pin has lower thermal mass (cable ripped off) than the second from outside (cable still connected and bridged to the 3rd one), it would look quite unusual. What seems to be much more likely cause is that the cable is only slightly ripped off. Enough to still let the current through but with much higher resistance causing  much more heat. This way the heat source would be only on the outside pin and the second from the outside would get less of this heat transferred through the bridge. This would also match everything we know so far. It's caused by bending it and cracking the solder or the whole pad, the cable is still connected but the connection is very small and heats up. In this case it would not matter if it's bridged or not but rather if the cable can partially rip off the pin pad. The way to test it would be to cut only a bit of the pad of the outside pins and see if they heat up under load. Probably we would see some spectacular meltdown. Even more, it might be reproducible only on setups when the outside pins are connected to separate rails in the power supply. After all, if it was just one rail split into two wires and one of those wires has higher resistance because of the cut, most of the current would divert through the one that is in tact. If they are separate rails (not bridged anywhere else between PSU and the adapter), it is possible that it would try to pull fairly high current through the damaged pad as there is no other path for it to go and it is still connected. Instead of this sort of testing, I would just go on with manual test by putting a load on each pin lines separately and testing how it behaves, what's the temperature and how bending it affects the results. Most likely under high load on the outside pin and the outside wire you will see resistance spike when you bend it enough.  What's important is that it's not enough to have this bottleneck that will heat up under high current but also have a situation in which the current would actually flow there. If there is a bridge on GPU side, it will divert to use pins with less resistance. If there is a bridge on PSU side, it will divert to use pin pads with less resistance. Only if there are no bridges on both sides and the bridge in the adapter has fairly high resistance, it might actually pull the power straight through the broken pad that has much higher resistance. Simply because there's no better way for it to flow.
imagine if its in the pc case. 😥😥😥😥😥😥
I think you're on the right track here. The flexing can also cause fractures in a bad solder joint that don't fully break the joint or the metal pad. This defect will increase the resistance of the joint and cause heating at greater loads. That would cause those outer pins to start to heat up like people are seeing. Trying to solder wires right at a flexing joint like that is always going to be weak. The old style where you have an individual wire crimped into each pin will always be more robust.
as the wires heat up, their resistance increases too so its not exactly linear (its a bit worse). what a colossal failure of QA though. i thought we got past this in the 90's with having solid QA tested PSUs and not buying off brand power carrying components
You can't be fng serious... We are still having that quest? Don't buy RTX 4090, that's the ONLY solution here. Hit them where it hurts, hit NVIDIA in its' pocket. Financially I could buy RTX 4090, and I didn't. After seeing wattage I decided not to buy it AT ALL...not even in a year, and now why would I buy it EVER??? So it can burn down my house?
I still don't understand why companies keep insisting in fucking around with running high power through a million thin wires with special connectors and what not, when they could just run a pair of 12/10/8 awg wires and an XT90 connector at each end. If you were doing this in any other industry people would call you insane. Can any electrical engineer justify this for me, with anything other than the lack of competence to take a step back and reassess what we're doing here? And I have the same thoughts regarding the CPU power pins.
I have told you in the your previous video, that the problem is a bad design, and the cause is the pins don't stick properly, which is when there is an increase in heat at the connector pins causing increased resistance to the pins (there should not be resistance to the electric current), which cause excessive heat,for example, home  electric plug, sometimes it melts because the contra plug is not good at clamping the plug, you have to tell nvidia to make a new design, replace it, with a correct and better design
You can see Jay's Concerned look. He has got to be concerned for the safety of the GPU in the back of his mind with it being so expensive and hard to find.
Okey Im getting a 3090
The big question is those people lost warranty on their cards?
So the new PSU with dedicate cable will work just fine right ?
Create a problem, sell a solution.
What about when you dont need the adaptor and its a straight cable from a pcie5 psu?
The big question on everyone's lips is... Its Igor's lab now, so what happened to Dr Fraunkensteen?  Enquiring minds want to know.
Don't even have a 40 series card yet, but I ordered the Corsair adapter for it as I have an AX1200i psu and didn't want a rats nest of cables. Looks like I chose wisely
Great, nice to see the problem is found!  Mechanical failure, makes sense.
The way that wire just popped off, obviously the surfaces to be soldered weren't cleaned.  A most rudimentarily and thus inexcusable error.    Really, it boggles the mind.
The year is 2029. Jay finally stumbles upon the solution to the melting plug.   He goes to get it on film  64.9 degrees.
I've ordered 10 replacement connectors... wonder if I'll ever have someone needing these replaced :D  For those that have any worry about a bad connection, if you have a multimeter, do a continuity test on one end to the other.  If you have continuity testing fine on all cables except one, bend if and see if the connection comes back.  Easiest way to tell if a cable is good or not.  And quicker than ripping a cable apart.
I'd just slap an XT60 or XT90 there with silicone wires and problem solved (check diy drones for example).
Try creating a cold solder joint by soldering the wire to the plate and moving the wire before it solidifies.
This makes almost perfect sense. But if all the power is going through the middle two and that was the heat source that would be where the burn is. I almost guarantee the broken solder joints are still touching, but only slightly. Ever see a loose connector on a car battery? It can melt the terminal straight into the battery.  The worse the connection the more resistance there is and the more heat is generated.
If the solder joint breaks but the wire is still "making contact" with the metal foil connector, that is where the heat will come from. The bad joint is still carrying current but the high resistance and possible arcing of the failed solder joint will create a lot of heat. If the joint breaks and the wire doesn't stay in contact with the metal foil connector, the heat increase will be in the three remaining wires, but will be much less substantial than current flowing through a bad solder connection.
I'll never buy a 4000 series card.  This fault is chimp level of ridiculous.
I’m sure the marketing team is absolutely thrilled to have a clear and large Nvidia logo on top of their failing plugs.
Again, EVGA pulled out at right time
Nvidia is doing a great job advertising for AMD. 🙂👍
It’s not breaking off the wires causing high temperatures… it’s a connection that’s not stable and connects and disconnects from time to time, or what’s most likely happening is because the connection points are still really close after breaking off, electricity is just arcing over it , which is very very very hot.
What i don't understand is with all the time and R&D that went into this how did they not know about this as a possibility and not adjust design or something?
So essentially all that to say that these wiring harnesses melt for the same reason anybody with a Ford product has dealt with over the years😂😂
Good thing mining has died or their will be lots of fires in family homes.
Cannot wait to get a cable mod cable! Or corsairs cable! Just hope I get one before they sell out
I'm honestly thinking of getting a 4090 but I was going to wait till after I got a new power supply (currently running a 850w). I'm glad I had some patience and not gone out and bought one at launch because of my vertical gpu mount and how I route my cables I suspect that I might have run into this problem
3:11 notice how the thread of that pic is locked. That's from the Nvidia subreddit and the mods are locking and shadowbanning related posts
maybe the heat is dissipating faster because those soldered wires are not covered.
Monkey Fucked solution versus using thicker gauge wiring.  Look at all those thin traced paths.
Definitely not interested in this until either they redesign or a new connector is released
Great detective job Jay and all that helped 👏
I feel like the issue isn't that the connection is broken, it's that it's broken but NOT far enough removed so the electricity is arcing from the wire to the pad which would cause more heat.
If the wires of the connector are forced to be canted in either side, the solder _may_ melt with the connector being improperly used (even if it is firmly seated — a seat is not a guarantee) and due to this, form  a worse connection with the card out of sight from the average end-user. Note to self: if going vertical, and using nVidia's stupid cost-optimized adapter, zip-tie to something parallel the cable for preventing the canting which leads to this defect.  Or, just go with CableMod's solutions. That 90-degree 12VHPWR adapter looks _very_ nice and pairing that with one of their cables would be even better.
I think the term is busbar; a very small one, but all the wires connected to it then the pins too, it allows the power to equalise across all contacts. Cracking it isolates a pin to a wire, forcing all the power of that wire thru Only that pin. It's interesting; I think the busbar can equalise for load & heat W basic physics; any pin the gets hot also increases its resistance relative to any other, which lowers it's capacity & raises the load on the others. That lowered load allows the hot pin to cool, and so on; probably happening at tiny fractions of a second, IE hundreds of thousands of times a second.This means (unless the bus breaks) that load & heat automatically self level. Of course, as soon as the bar cracks, you're in trouble. Theoretically, a reinforced busbar should solve the issue. I wouldn't be surprised if they just sauter a conductive wire across there to provide that fix until/unless they roll out a solution at the plug factory. The other fix is to sauter the wires to the center of the available pafes, avoiding the outer pads, or bridging them to inner ones. This would avoid the pads at risk of breaking or provide alternate pathways if a break happens. At the end of the day, I'm pretty sure the plugs are designed to break there to crimp to & isolate the designed six wires (per side) from each other; this failure reflects the supplier misuse of the connector.
Intel: we released Arc GPUs NVIDA: we released Arc-ing power adapters
It's rediculous that the community has to diagnose these early adopter problems.
The problem you were having is that you completely removed the wire. It needs to be making slight contact so that it sends the power through the area with slight contact
The idea that just cause something costs alot it's gotta be great needs to go. Anything new is going to have oversites and issues or components they cheap out on to make deadlines. You'll get recalls and updates until it's fixed. The first of anything is always rushed and shitty compared to the same thing but a year later. You don't always get what you pay for, do your homework before jumping in and enter at your own risk.
the adapters looks pretty bad desing, the amount of force that routing cable are stress is too big, thats the problem with any kind of adapters
I am an electrical engineer, and just by looking at this cable I would never buy a 4090 graphics card.   Number 1: Never ever solder cables together on a connector. Ever! Period!!!! End of discussion!!!  Number 2: The entire design of this breakout cable is a complete disaster.
In what country were these made, China, Mexico, Vietnam?
That janky adapter and under spec connector will never be in my rig!
Somewhere there is an Nvidia Engineer going "I told you so" to someone in Upper Management ...... This connector likely does not meet the standard set for ATX 3.0 by the governing body. I can almost guarantee the standard calls for crimped connections on every pin and if you tear apart the BeQuiet  GPU side connector you'll find each wire is crimped .... There is a reason why power connectors use crimped  for each connection. That has been a standard for power connections since forever. Also any power connection that is flexible usually should be crimped only and not soldered because stranded wire can be flexed multiple times without breaking but once you solder it then it tends to break under stress since it is now effectively a solid wire and if you bend a solid wire several times it will break
You're all welcome.
The heat isn't being generated by the additional power going through the undamaged center pins -- if it was they would be the ones melting. The heat is being generated by power still going through the damaged pins and the damage causing increased resistance, increased resistance causes increased heat.
The difference here is you removed the pin entirely from the connector. If it had cracked/broke in the housing then it would not only increase the resistance but also bridge or arc from the vibrations.
Biggest problem for me and many others probably, the availability of the corsair cable. I cant get it here in the netherlands. Havent seen it anywhere yet. For now my pc seems to be holding back anyway while running a strix 4090 and a 7950 on w11 somehow.
Poor connections are worse than missing connection, the arcing that occurs in electricity and static raises heat dramatically increasing the problem. I'm an auto mechanic I work on 12v stuff that does this all the time.  This needs a connector redesign to be "always safe"
I'll stick with my 1060+intergrated graphics boost thanks
Whomever is in charge of Nvidia's QA dept. needs to be fired on the spot. Wth is this kind of design? How did it pass QA?
Trash nothing but issues as long as you own this junk..Nvida should give you money back plus fix this, witch would not be hard. Molex elbow to card cord plug into that and use real copper not shit that coast 2 cents per plug.
Decided to put my trust in cablemod- ordered a whole kit- going to just swap everything out on my 1k evga t2. Not going to trust Nvidia or (Gigabyte/my card) to come up with a fix in a timely manner- not risking my 13900k- 790 hero and 6600ddr 5- not to mention my house.
Seems like a good argument for quality aftermarket cable replacements
This should be an immediate recall.
I am just watching the plug that I can’t buy. My 3080ti and 2080super are still running good. I might have to wait for 4080ti that comes with normal PCIE plugs. The card cost $2k in my country tho.
It would be interesting to measure the cross sectional area of that foil to see what the current capabilities are. I would imagine the solder would increase the current capacity, like on some pcbs with solder over traces, but that would only effect that part of the connector and likely not really relevant.
smart sense wire : 600w, go ahead **breaks one of the cables** smart sense wire :  shut up, i'm smart, give me all the watts
well f*** me now i'm concerned about my adapter cable from bequiet. My 4090 is mounted vertically so its just tiny bit bent to the right.
Nvidia should be sending out improved cables for all 30,40 series owners. This is honestly ridiculous and this is an Nvidia problem not the masses problem
I dont understand Igor, but LOVE his glasses !!
Suggestion Jay, can you make a video of using an iFixIt guide to replace the battery of your thermal camera device?
Extra current going through the center wires would not melt the outer ones, that makes no sense. But, a thinned connection on the outer ones would create higher resistance and turn the metal into a filament, like an electric lighter or light bulb. It's more likely that the flexing caused a weak connection, not a broken one.
So with that being said, and considering there's 3 +12V and 3 GND per 8 pin connector, a potential solution could be to splice 2 into 1 on all 12 of each connection, leaving you with 12 total wires. But I do understand why they added the bus bar in the connector, it was probably to attempt to equally distribute the load over all 4 of the 8 pin connectors.
Is the cable mod cable a good alternative to the Corsair cable?
I thanks to all early adopt betatesters of Rtx 4000 series. 😀
I'm amazed on how everyone is worrying about the power draw for new cards and here I am still content with my 2500K/RX480 with a 800W power supply.
Looking at the soldering points it looks stupid cheaply made as well. And why is the plug responsible for dividing the wires into more wires. Just handle that on the PCB so you can have a simpler, more sturdy and responsible plug. What a dumb design. The heat probably comes from the partial breakage in the poorly built metal 'foil' as you called it. The crack causes the surface for current to go through to be too small/thin/narrow (whatever you call it) making it act as a sort or resistor, causing heat. This ofcourse can happen when you flex those things same as a lane break on a PCB it bends.
I think there is a huge misunderstanding as to "WHY" it melts, i mean clearly the design is having an issue. But its not melting because its not drawing power anymore. Its melting because its drawing power though a single pin, instead of being spread across the array of pins.
Cue the endless excuses for a shit design.
Honestly... when I look at the wires being soldered onto that flimsy piece of metal that make up the actual pins of the connector than I think I'd rather loop a wall plug straight to the graphics card instead and have a dedicated PSU on the graphics card. Also with the size and weight of cards nowadays I think it's time to redesign the entire ATX standard, because the form factor just doesn't fit this day and age anymore. Plus they need to do it within 12-24 months and have the first products shipped using that new standard of case and component building.
But let's face it.  The real problem isn't the adapter.  The real problem is a shitty board layout.  There's no way that connector should be coming out on that side.  There is literally nothing there except the side of the case.  Total garbage layout.
cloudy solder joint, bad.  Splitting wires instead of dedicated ones for high power usage, bad.  OK I GOT IT!  Buildzoid was right, stupid idea.  Eight pins better!
Corsair showing quality and not skipping corners in yet another random product we didnt know we needed. They just need to make video cards already...
Thanks for the update, got my Corsair wire put in this morning. No damage to my plug been using for a week.
There's also a potential for arcing when those outer wires are stressed
PC gaming is true peasantry
Never trust an adapter... any of them.
Part of the reason the 3090 was not having problems is because the plug itself on the 3000 series was placed on an Angle.. said it in your other video, but you probably are not reading the comments.. where as the 4000 series comes directly straight out from the card, not on an angle any more.. which means then that the cable has to bend so much more, at least 90 degrees, and the angling of the plug only has it bend slightly.. so it helped make sure there was no over bending of the cable..
This is such an incredibly dumb thing to have as a design issue for devices Nvidia expects to get $1000+ per unit in revenue...amazing how even the nerdiest engineers forget about simple shit like a stress relief mold or progressively daisy chaining instead of cramming a bunch of 14awg wires into a tiny plug. I look forward to the next dumb problem Nvidia creates for itself in its rush to make money at any cost
I wonder if it also has a cascading issue.  One of the problem with large 3D printers with a heated bed is that they used soldered muti-conductor wires and the current can actually soften the solder.  If that happens on a cable under stress it could be enough to get it to pull apart slightly.
Thanks for clearing that up.
Bad connection will cause more heat than no connection. If the wire has seperated but is partially touching even the slightest it will cause it to heat up very quickly.
Thanks for the video. I didn't understand the problem but I do now.
Where is EVGA with it's powerlink 52 for rtx 4090??
Graphic card cables are based on old technology. Let's hope they redesign the wires from the ground up.
I am not getting something here. If the outside pins broke off, then the inner pins would need to pull more current for the same load right? That means that the inner pins would heat up, not the outer pins? But it looks like all the pins have continuity to eachother anyway, so maybe it is the bridge between pins that has the extra resistance that causes the heat. In other words, when the outer wire breaks, the current now has to go through a bridge a further distance rather than the wire that was there previously. That is the only way I can see that with the outer breaking explanation how the outer pins could heat up, not the inner ones.
Boy am I glad I have a 3080ti now
What in the connector is causing the increase in the resistance once a wire disconnects from the solder joint?
lmfao the little space, like 0.1mm between each pads in the connector
What is the problem with simply putting 3 or 4 standard 8 pin connectors directly on the card? And don't tell me the card is not big enough for that.
So do graphics cards not use similar gauge wiring to car audio so it's easier to work with? Just seems janky to split up power between wires to achieve the power output.
Kluegging up a connector never works, and is a design violation. Trying to save money by not redesigning the connector block to handle the right current is the best way to give your product a bad reputation. Bite the billet, recall them all and redesign the connector block.
"...whoever NVIDIA sourced these plugs from..."  China.. probably...
The "foil" interconnect point cracking can reduce current transfer from pin to pin internally of the connector but it is likely not the problem.  The melting damage in most user cases seen is at the "pin and barrel" which is not a point affected by the "foil" interconnect.  Inserting the connector at an angle is likely the largest culprit of causing the barrel side of the pin/barrel connection point to stress apart thus reducing the physical contact point and force.  Even some foreign debris when installing the connector could cause this issue.  It is quite common on industrial connectors...
Looks like I'll just wait to upgrade my 980ti to a rtx 500 series
I believe bad contact is worse than no contact with so much power going through it. Explanation: I assume, the melting is also exacerbated when the solder joint breaks but kind of makes contact and loses it again (maybe with a bit of arc) and thus heating the area ot the gauge reduces drastically which also causes heat. I had something like that happen inside an old outlet which used aluminum wiring. Since the outlet was somewhat loose, over time it broke one of the leads almost completely off -> decreased wire gauge, so it would still let power through but started heating up and melted the plastic around it.
Such a trash design
we should be getting proper cables in the fkn box considering the card cost over a months wage
It might not be as simple as just disconnecting the one cable or breaking the one solder joint.  It could be that as the solder joint is in the process of making a full break it cracks, but doesn't fully break.  That will cause the resistance to climb and heat to rise.  At some point it does eventually break completely.  As it breaks it will cause some arcing. So it COULD be that once that break is made that there is continuous arcing inside the connector, which creates a lot of excess heat.  If you wanted to test that, you'd have to measure+trace the current on each individual wire and see if there are any current spikes on wire connected to the failing solder joint.
But.. its basically pulling X amount of amps through 4 cables originally, which then is being compressed at a single point (the plug that connects to the gpu) its like daisy chaining wires.. its bad. either they need to redesign the cards power connectors (put more on the card) or make the actual cable plug beefier.
I think the issue is not the wire breaking as much as it is the connection micro arcing to the pad. The arc would be alot hotter then the amp draw would be and would easily melt the plastic.
So its a push down problem?
And that is why you don't solder wires to connectors in harnesses, always crimp as the solder joint is a weak point.
ooooooof the engineering on this plug is even more cringe with the plug cut open, who ever came up with that dumb plug needs to be fired!
Great video mate!
I love seeing the community, tech media and some manufacturers getting this thing researched and understood asap. This is what a healthy consumer eco system should look like.
Is it possible for the heat to make the break worse on these cables? I don't know, it was just a thought. when the solder becomes more malleable due to heat could it cause the break to become worse....
Looks to me like they are all being soldered and assembled by hand using low skill Chinese labor to save a couple of bucks per unit which is ridiculous on a premium priced graphics card ...... This is the kind of hacks you normally see on stuff that costs under $100 but for something that costs $1600 it's criminal  Looks to me like a classic case of Beancounter Engineering where someone with a business degree attempts to re-engineer something to lower the costs and raise the profits be a fraction of a percent completely clueless to the fact that is the long run it's going to cost much much more in the long haul ..... AKA penny wise and dollar foolish
Im an engineer 🤓
I just picked up my 4090 FE from Best Buy and I’m worried about this issue. Maybe I should return it.
YIKES!!!!!!
BS, $2500 card and you try to defend them with this crap while calling other people's observations contradictory.  I guess your reputation is worth same as wire bending 90 degrees. BTW my High flow hot water system flex pipe twisting 720 degrees, under sun and winter for two years, still going strong.
i bet that its not that they completely disconnect but are barley touching after breaking and causing a bad connection that is getting hot. A bad connection will get hot.
hahahahhahahaha so bad design by Nvidia, total fuckup, WHY in hell would i buy any Nvidia product today then they can´t do shit properly ? 🤣  not forget the prices, fuck no, i just hope people are wish and smart and dont spend any money on a Nvidia card today.
🤣😂🤣 High power.
well - my preferred solution is to NEVER purchase a product that has this kind of 'horse hockey' connector.  Period.  As consumers, we have the ability to influence standards with our purchasing power.  Really bad design and engineering should not be tolerated in today's market.  We also have to ask how these cables are getting assembled.  It's clear that the cables shown here were not likely to have been assembled in the same manner or location, leading to questions of quality control (or assurance).
Ppl who bought a 4090 should get a full refund from nvidia and a repaired card! This could put someones home and family in danger. 1600 what a joke! They are 2.5k in Ireland/UK...rediculous
its simple. as heat increases so does the resistance. Its just a bad connector design. they undersized the conductor, and engineered it to have too little surface contact between the male and female pins. That little thing by itself is very likely the root cause.
"If it ain't broke, DON'T FIX IT!"
Will you keep us updated on this if there is an RMA or if Nvidia makes a statements to improve this ?
Ngl after all of this videos abou 12pin cable burning I dropped out my every idea in my heat to bui a 4090 or 4080 ( if they are similar in performance like 10% ) but damn I'm scared af now to get anything with that plug because sometime i let my PC on and i go out for like 3 - 4 h
"Molex to 6+2pcie port" gen2
Can someone explain to dumb jay that because the plastic is at 60 the conector is probably at 100? Plastic is a very bad conductor!! And people are seeing this guy and believing in is conclusions...
Was this connector designed during the pandemic?
Just speculation but isn't the air gap between the pin and connector acting like a capacitor?
i would just bunch up the incoming cable and shove them in a pin and call it a day than foil soldering, i am no engineer but that's the only way i see a system from out side and speculate what ways it could have been.
I'm really wondering if I should be concerned about this issue with my 3090ti as it uses a similar 12 pin connector, albeit 3 plugs vs 4.
I know you tried using an 850-watt power supply. Could a lesser quality power supply of the same wattage in the test rig exacerbate the issue?
So..... should i wait to buy a 4090 or ?
Just put a stronger boot round the head.
the new bendgate...
3:37 6:12
So, the solution is to purchase a $200 3.0 power supply, in addition to the $1600 RTX4090, to keep from having to use the $hitty adapter. Another fine mess from NVIDIA. EVGA was right to dump them.
I havent seen a Volcom shirt in a while
Just needs some duct tape
Poorly designed cable that's a fire hazard. Nvidia dropped the ball.
Thank you, the extended coverage on this has been great to raise awareness and get the info out there. I never liked the look of that cable anyway, because the 4 into 1 just doesn't sit right to me. I hope they get something better out to people have issues and refine these connectors for the next generation of cards, or at least the new PSU standards will hopefully resolve this.
4090 people problems.
Someone correct me if im wrong, but a fully disconnected wire would not increase temp in the connector. The cables to the plug would get more heat due to the added current they would need to carry. Which is the main concern about running 2 pig tail connectors to the card.  What would increase temp in the connector would be a partial connection with tons of resistance dumping heat into the metal foil and then the pins. If the added heat from the wires were to be the issue causing temp increase in the connector, all the pins would get the same heat. (With a gradient depending on the thermal conductivity of the material)  Edit: Someone else mentioned arcing, but i dont think that is as big of a concern considering low voltage and somewhat low current (~12A). It could happen, but then there would most likely be a fire unless the psu trips an OC protector
oddly enough, the 8 pin PCIe cables in my case are just fine, not sure why Nvidia tried to create a solution for a problem that didn't exist...
I'm due for a PC upgrade but I'm getting very hesitant.  The power draw and heat output on current gen stuff is starting to really concern me.
6:18 ... The 1400w test were done by "TecLab" Brazil. They are Pro overclockers, hardware/Psu testers and  are also responsible for Galax RMA in Brazil.
Is it possible what you are calling 'foil' is actually Ribbon Solder used to assure 100% contact to the wire and to the plate? Or, a short cut that failed miserably in the real world?
@JayzTwoCents  I'm only about 4mins in, but the component you are trying to name is a bus bar.
Thank You China.  Thank You Day Traders That Are Invested in These Companies and Want High Dividend Checks, Instead of Spending Money on Quality Products.  Baby-Boomer day Traders Are ONCE AGAIN, Relying on INSURANCE COMPANIES, to Compensate Their FAILURES!!!  Don't Blame NVIDIA.  Blame the NVIDIA SHAREHOLDERS That DEMAND High Dividend Checks, Forcing NVIDIA and AMD to Buy Cheap Chinese Crap.
As an automotive electrical engineer, this is a joke of a way to fab.  The correct way would be to individually crimp wires of the proper size and then sonic weld a splice for each of the power supply connectors.  Soldering to a buss bar like this is horrible design that would never fly in automotive validation procedures.
So it's a flawed design by Nvidia and they want to again blame everyone else. Nice.
It’s not melting, people need to chill !
need a molded 90° connector
This is bad as I can't imagine there are SN's on those cables.  I didn't see one on any of the people holding them up.  And unlike the Asus flipped module you can't just eyeball it to see if its defective.  I feel like Nvidia may need to do a complete recall of these cables but at least it isn't a problem on the GPU side of things.  I suspect in a month or two you are going to be able to order a replacement from Nvidia's site.
Just like any plug like a space heater ect. Bad connection within the actual plug, I had to replace a plug on a space heater that would get so hot you couldn't touch it.
The quality of connector is incompatible to the price of these cards.  Class action lawsuit, or caveat emptor?
Intel don't even use this connector. I wonder why.
still cant find one because of Nvidia wanting to get rid of 30 series supply and scalpers.
huge oversite in your test vs real world.  real world the broken foil will still be inside the plastic and close enough to arc, drastically increasing temperatures.
Since it's no longer connected it will cause a arc, just like how a welder works! It's the exact same thing. You see this amount electricians when a wire nut is not tight enough to make a connection and it causes arcing which melts the plastic or sets on fire and then you have is spreading from there
Would you say if you have that plug and are NOT using something above 300w just use the two center plugs? (until the world gets a fix)
They should have made it a solid adapter rather than a cable if it was going to be that insanely complicated and fragile. >_<
The fact that they tried to brush this off... nvidia deserves this L.
Make sense changing working wire to non-working wire, cuz you don't need that much power to mine bitcoin. They do undervolt for Mining GPU's. From Nvidea perspective is a needed improvement.
NVIDIA didn't spend enough R&D time for the adapter. Message I interpreted from J., use third-party adapter.
Massive L on this one NVIDIA, they better own up to this and offer a replacement program for customers that have this adapter.
I was playing mw2 and the volumetric smoke was so immersive with the 4090
Despite not exactly replicating an issue that everyone including yourself is seeking, that cable all you've tested has impressively avoided your attempt to make it melt until the point you broke it lol.
IDEAL: A short 180 adapter to route power cable over the top of the card or a long 180 adapter to route power cable under the card with no bending of power cable whatsoever. OR, TWO 90 degree adapters. Why two? One to turn the cable UP and one to turn the cable DOWN. If you only make one, everybody will say they didn't want their cable going that way. So make two and sell them together as two different. Adapters should be cheaper than extension/replace cables.
Thanks for this, JayZ!
i swear nobody ever complained about using standard cables
It is possible that when the bridge breaks the gap between the two pieces are causing it to arc. This would eventually cause it to burn/melt the connector.   I've seen this happen on a supply to contactors/overloads where it basically melts the contactor until it eventually trips the breaker
Can't wait to see the email from nvda about this video.  "Nah man, come on man be cool, there's nothing to worry about.  Why are you bending cables like that bro its not cool."
Um, nVidia is really screwing the pooch on this one.
How does something like this pass quality control? Build a component then stress test it at full capacity for a sustained time period.  This should be an essential test.    That said Nvidia do IMO have the most comprehensive feature/set support(AI, ML, RT, gaming, app support - blender,etc).
I think you're on to something, but your explanation does not actually logically make sense.  If the outer solder connections are actually broken, and only the inner ones are conducting power, then the point of heat generation should be the _inside_ conductors, not the ones on the end, so the inside pins should melt down first.  The outer pins are not carrying any current anymore, so are also not generating any heat.  What I suspect may be more likely is that movement back and forth ends up breaking some of the individual strands of the stranded wire where they are soldered to the contacts (or possibly they weren't even fully soldered to begin with), so that they are still technically connected, but only partially, making for higher resistance.  The card is still pulling power through them at the same rate, but because they are damaged (but not completely disconnected) they generate more heat under that load than they should.  Another possibility is that the wire stays fully connected to the pad, but the pad breaks away from the rest of the "bus bar" that the others are connected to, so one of the four wires is only going to one pin of the connector, and cannot share its heat/load with the rest of them.  That would presumably end up pulling more current over a single pin than it is supposed to take (generating more heat) and also reduce the ability for it to dissipate that heat at the same time.
These old ass Molex pins should be banned. They are garbo, archaic tech. We want high current pogo pins with gold contacts and magnets. What a slick ass mod that would make.
Just a thought if the pad breaks loose but it's being held in the approximity to the metal plate that it was previously soldered too wouldn't there be some amount of arcing.  Loose electrical connections are infamous for causing fires.
We need to innovate on how computers and their hardware are powered these days. There are so many better ways to power hardware, with better plug types and potentially methods than can avoid the whole wiring mess we have become used to.
Everything about this smells like a very serious electrical safety and fire problem, Nvidia needs to address this NOW, not later.. NOW! Or if someone dies from a fire (has yet to happen but I guarantee this WILL happen one day), they could be facing criminal charges.
It might also be possible where the wire/bridge breaks but because of the housing the contact stays in proximity and could begin to arc, which might be where more heat is generated.
Props to Nvidia making a notorious failing plug to cover up their ass prices 🤦‍♂
I knew there was something funky about that connector and eventually someone would cut one open and find it. However not in my wildest dreams did I imagine Nvidia would do that. There's no way that meets industry standards
nvidia, the bethesda of graphic cards manufacturers
So the bottom line is that it is still a failure prone design that leads to a dangerous state of condition.
...BUT... If the current is going trough less wires, the full wire would have increased emperature... Wouldn't then you see also melted wires and also connectors on the PSU side? I think is a contact issue... For some reason the contact area between male and female connectors is being reduced. In the small remanent area making contact, they will heat like hell.
Simply put the issue is Nvidia is cheaping out on the cables causing problems.
Need to force additional attention to new videocards? Just add soldered connection where it is not supposed to be. :D
Anyone know if Cooler master has a better adapter like the Corsair one?, as I cant find them
Just like Nvidia to include a .99 cent power adapter for a $1600.00 card.
'it just work's'
Nvidia is on the slow decline
Hey someone made a great funny meme; they show this power cable with a cooling fan built in to cool the overheating electricity!  Lol “You know this is coming next”=caption
love the OCD  you have, like a dog with a bone - you don't stop till you find the answer.... thanks for the content - i'll never have this problem no chance i'll be give Nvidia my Money for a 40 series.
12:34 your doing it wrong by running a benchmark linus tech tip did realize that if you run cyberpunk 2022 and play the game it will have the highest power draw. 🤔
Kinda reminds me of the early iPhone mess where holding it with your hand while talking on the phone was bridging the antenna setups, something so simple that an engineer should be able to veto if asked, but more than likely whoever pushed this design through has never heard of the temp. coefficient of resistance....
VKTech's 180* gpu power adaptors work fine for a while... until a few days after and the mobo starts complaining about the GPU not posting on power on
If the pins break and have the two pieces if metal close together  you can get arching which causes hear
Should just start adopting XT30/60 connectors or anderson powerpoles on cards. :^)
Ohhhhh, lead free solder. I walk away. Edit. It has been an issue for ages, dry joints, lifting connections etc. That said, it may have improved. But lead free is not as flexible. Does not help when manufactures have poor build quality. That just exacerbates the issue where the tin/lead solder they would have gotten away with it.
I hope Nvidia do the right thing and recall those connector/adapters and replace them with something properly constructed (ie anti-tensioner, proper soldering, thicker foils).
Given that that 3000 series cards did not have this issue it maybe a cost cutting measure to assemble the cable this way. There is 50 A of current flowing in each side of that connector through a thin foil commoning strip, that does not seem like a great idea.
*laughs in 3080 ti*
They're just trying to pack too much into that one plug.
its a high resistance joint thats causing the heat if the wire is still there sort of touching that'll create the heat if you left your cut cable still touching it'll gotten hot
im curious why they use such tiny connection points for the cards bc i do alot of car audio and ive run well over 1000 watts through a 4' section of 12 ga wire so the only reason that i could see that that 4 sets of 14 ga wire is burning up over a distance of maybe a foot with only half the power is its just a terrible connection and they could do this so much easier just using a single set of 12 gauge wire and it wouldn't burn
Soldered busses are gross.  Crimps are superior. End of story, really.
Jay, you need to du use it longer, you are a gamer too you know people play for hours in a session so you can't recreate this in around 10 minutes. For a video you should let a game or ingame benchmark run for hours and point a camera on the plug...it takes time to melt because with only less wires connected it is on the edge betwenn hot an too hot. that it needs Time to melt.
Damn plugs sometimes are hard to remove and what not. Telling me they are that damn delicate?
Back when AMD FX 8150 launched, I had issues like this in the power pins for the CPU, solved the problem with custom cable (just a ticker cable from a dep store) soldered directly to the motherboard 😂
Does it make more sense to have the GPU power be at line voltage (120 or 240)? That will reduce the amperage on the connection by 1/10 or 1/20. Of course you would need to add more power management to the GPU to step down the power, but seems on the surface like it could be a lower fire risk if we re-think power distribution for higher wattage components.
They got it right for the 30 series founders edition and wrong for the higher power consuming 40 series? Damn, the engineers need to be fired or sued  People sue doctors for negligence all the time. Engineers should be held accountable too. Look at ahem…. The Boeing 737 Max
Only a child would think you could bend those cables left or right.
4:56 If you look at the picture, you'll notice the 2 side cables connect to only 1 pin, while the 2 center cables are soldered to 2 pins. This is why the side cables break and the inside ones do not. If they just ran a bead of solder across all the pins where they connect, to make it one solid pin, this would not have happened.
Honestly, I don't give a fuck. I've written off Nvidia for now lol. Rather hear more about ways to keep Intel and AMD cooler or if there are new CPU Coolers to improve that or other things related to the new stuff that's been coming out :P especially curious about the PCIe 5 SSDs coming.
As a car audio basshead it seemed like this tiny connector was asking for trouble pulling that kind of power through it for potentially hours at a time.   And Nvidia having the engineering prowess they must have should be embarrassed.  They know these weren't gonna go into lab environments.  They're looking at a recall when the first house burns down..   Esp at the rediculous prices these are at.
This is a critical failure due to manufacturing decisions. Hopefully, this finding will result in a beefier connector from here on out. If this was necessary to meet price points, I don't expect GPU prices on top tier units to go down on future generations. Just like the New World problem was hardware related, penny pinching will continue to put the lives of others at risk.
If the pads broke, they are probably arcing.  I bet the plugs are melting due to electrical arc.
Just simple why fail! tiny socket with high wattage or high current, so you know what will happen
would you have the same problem if you use a power supply that doesnt need that adapter connector?
Seems like a pretty silly place to try to save a few cents on an expensive card!
so what you're telling me is that in engineering terms, "side fumbling was not effectively prevented"
The problem should not occur due to a cut cable, but due to a false contact through broken welds, generation of carbon between surfaces and exponential increase in temperature.
It’s kinda strange to see wires being soldered to connector pins instead of being crimped. Solder joints are much more fragile, so no one uses them for connectors like that without a proper strain relief.
It's not a solder problem if you look correctly
nvidia said it just works man but it doesn't just work man
The 4090 is an 800 card.
This is 100% answer. No, really. I tested these connectors in my lab during the week with Industrial reference power supply. My conclusion is: solder joints solution is really poorly consisted I understand they used it this way too save about 3-5 mm of space on chunky cards what they should have done is not solder wires directly to terminal as wire. Using locking faston and then soldering it that way would eliminate all issues. I have not seen on any of cables use of flux. This is also huge mistake and saving 2-5 pennies on plug.   Technical:  Using microscope I was able to verify issue of solder forming micro fractures. Under such a high load this creates (technical term) TRANSITION RESISTANCE. Where as normal solder joint would create .01-.5  ohm resistance I was able to measure up to 10 ohms on the worst one. This will cause joint behaving as heating element. This can happen also on consumer goods. Let’s in theory say you have Chinese knock off USB C  that does not click into socket properly and you are using 160W to charge your laptop and have it contact well enough to start charging but the pins got lots of tiny air gaps in contact points. Honestly I know this is consumer market but at this power level it’s just better to use spring clip terminal or screw terminal. There is no way this should pass EU CE. And it would definitely not pass any industrial safety standards for fire safety.   I have to applaud the audacity to sell product this expensive and have safety solution be reliant on guy with soldering iron, since this looks like they have some poor uneducated child worker soldering iron and said “solder this” for this price I wound expect proper printed solder with machine and USE THE FREAKING FLUX!
so the entire problem exists because some penny pincher said "hey, we could save half a cent per cable by getting rid of 2 of the wires"
Not only that but a broken joint will make sim contact but the resistance will be higher causing said heat.
Cheap Chinese manufacturing strikes again
Is this just the 40 series cards? I have a 3080 and I'm getting anxious watching this.
The solder on Igor's unit could look worse because of the heat potentially. This is why many mechanics HATE soldering wires in the engine bay of a car. In this case especially, as the plug heats up from the broken pin, the metal inside the plug could be heating up enough to flow the solder and cause further problems - bad joints, or even total failure of further connections leading to fewer and fewer pins carrying the voltage, amplifying the issue of heat build up inside the connector. No hate or salt, just a consideration and thoughts from other spaces. Appreciate your work Jay et al.
People will never know just how much engineering goes into cables. It probably cost them a fortune to engineer these faulty cables, and now it's going to cost them even more money.
Being that the pins in the pics were burnt suggests that current was going through them and not completely disconnected.  If this is the root cause, I’m guessing either the solder was cracked or there was some bending going on that work hardened and increased the resistance of the conductor near the pin.  The only thing that gets me is the pins seem to be charred at the point where they contact the male pins. Heat could be carried over from the pads to the pin but would seem like a lot more of the connector would be burnt.
Higher current not resistance
This is a prime example of why soldering joints are not always the best. They needed to develop a crimping method to connect the wires to the pins.
The term you are looking for is bus bar for that metal foil.  Sounds like they need better strain relief.
Still not seeing that as the issue - you've literally just shown that whilst the temp goes up when you clip off the end pads, it's still not ramping to melting temp. I'd be trying to put pressure on the plug itself when connected to the card and then monitoring.
Dude is not the bending, it's just that the 2 center 8 pin connector spread load on 2 pins for ground and 2 for power and the outside ones only 1 pin  ground  and 1 power, for the same amperage, nothing to do with bent copper unless is yanking the connector out partially.
Looking at Igor's pictures, I think you hit the nail on the head about the bad solder job.  That should have been caught if they did even just a basic visual inspection. The factory probably skipped the step because 1, QC is expensive and time consuming, and 2, Most common soldering issues can't be QC'd.  So what could NVidia's factory have done differently?  1.  Engineering: When soldering a wire to a device, it needs to have 3 points of contact.  That's the bare minimum of the cheapest industry accepted standard. There are 2 common ways to achieve this: First, they could have specified the wire be bent in a J around a pole on the connector (which isn't there - more on that in the next sentence), or second, they could have put the wire through a hole and ensured both sides had a fillet. The foil bridge looks like a custom part for this cable design, and a stamped custom part at that.  They could have easily added a pole or a hole without even increasing the cost, just by designing their stamp to include the feature.  Either way, they would have an inherently much more reliable connection and the soft plastic overmold would be a bit wider but oh freaking well, there's no mechanical interference in that spot. Exploring one of these methods would also likely allow them to dip solder or wave solder rather than hand solder, as the foil is less likely to fall off the wire while moving the partial assembly.  2. Engineering: Don't specify solder joints when you can crimp or ultrasonic weld the part. both processes are way more reliable and consistent, but more importantly they can be quality-controlled cheaply whether you use manual or automated methods. Crimping or ultrasonic welding both also use less material AND less labor.  3. Manufacturing: Even though soldering can't be QC'd for most issues, they could at least freaking look at the part. The reason the most common soldering issues can't be QC'd is because the obvious ones are easily caught and corrected.  4. Manufacturing: That employee who made Igor's connector is clearly phoning it in. Get rid of them or retrain. If someone solders all day there's no reason any of their work should ever look like Igor's part.  5. Vendor: Are we sure these are genuine parts?   So in conclusion - Looks like NVidia outsourced the manufacture of these parts and went with someone who cut costs in the wrong places. Rather than investing in tooling and automation, they cut costs by using untrained or underpaid/unmotivated labor and outdated methods.   As an aside, your connector is soldered in a way that looks like it was done properly.  I don't think the thickness of the plate is necessarily a problem - that part is the same between your and Igor's harnesses and its thickness is controlled by the raw material vendor (And raw material vendors don't generally screw that up without being forced to correct the issue real quick). Instead, I think the crappy soldering job on Igor's cable likely has a higher-than-expected resistance connection across all the wires.  So all are already out of spec but then one breaks off on top of that. This would explain why you can't necessarily replicate the issue on a good part.   If you did want to recreate the issue, you could probably do it by de-soldering, then doing everything possible wrong while re-soldering. Cold soldering iron, not pre-wetting the wire, not enough flux, wrong timing, and so on.
Should be a mechanical connection not a soldered connection
So many especialists in the comments here about the problem but Nvidia can't hire a competent one??  This morons buying this ridiculous pricey card that as amazing performance because off fake frames and dlss3 ?? And they sell all off them even with a 1600 price and they put a stupid conector that is dangerous and people still are buying! The PC community is really that dumb and have a sheep mentality!!! Suporte AMD they are not so greedy and not gonna use this conector!!! Is because off you that Nvidia is so greedy you continue to buy their cards!hating on internet does nothing ,please don't suportbthis greedy company! They only listen and change if sales go 👎! Don't be a useless sheep fanboy.
So NVIDIA just wanted to make the connector slightly better looking? It does look cheaply done internally. They should know better. Solder and crimping is a must for wires into connectors. relying on solder is dumb as it is not flexible.
while the soldering may or may not be the sole reason for the issue, that's pretty sad to see this. Wires and connectors need to be "properly" crimped using the correct tools, wires, and crimps. The crimping process creates a cold weld from the copper wire to the crimp itself that stands up to stresses from bending the wire MUCH better. Solder is more likely to crack, create a "resistance" which then heats up and melts.
What I wonder is: Obviously the outer pins suffer the most. The middle two cables are soldered to 2 pins (I assume that makes the connection stronger) but the outer only to a single one? Wouldn't the opposite make more sense? I might be wrong though.
naaa .. it shouldn't be able to do that if it was engineered right,,  i dont care if you hang a brick from it,. that is a design defect they are avoiding being liable for,. its easy to see why it would do that to everyone that has ever soldered anything before or made their own jacks ,, you see crimps and pins in everything else for this reason specifically ,, soldering isn't even allowed in aircraft at all for the most part,., the method they used is suitable for nothing but very specific, very safe mounting, with little to no torque and wattage, not anything outside of a unit almost ever,. everyone knows one of the 1st things to break on most all electronics is the power head at its solder points,...    it seems like jay and many others are assuming that this is a difficult or new issue,,  just no,.  our jack game is strong today on this planet, we have rules for this in electric land and you wouldn't mount any wire to any post like that even in your house with 12/3..just look at how they choose to mount the powerhead to the board..   if you make one that can burn , you did it WRONG ,,EOS,    you could have used any number of known tried and true auto or aircraft grade methods  , they didn't , and its costing the costumers .. we have been tucking wires in engine bays with aircraft wire for a very very long time now, , if some dic in his garage can keep wires from burning on a 200 degree engine , FnNvidia  has 0 excuses for selling $1000 anything with such piss poor engineering ,,
NVIDIA are just ass holes
Geez...the lead ends are just tacked on to the pad! That's shocking to be pushing so many amps through just a layer of solder. They should have a good wire/pad physical connection, THEN SOLDER it! They would have been better off using a crimp connection than just tacking two high-current connections together.
"It's amazing how information travels" Well it sure travels faster than heat in those cables.
I hope AMD comes out with great next gen cards, it's time to jump ship from Nvidia.
I knew my mom reached out to you, tell her to calm down.
It should be noted that this is _not_ the bending problem that was the subject of the leaked emails that started all the hysteria.  In a previous video, you called out how you were told _that_ problem doesn't exist in the released adapters, and that we now have proof that their claim wasn't true.  _But their claim was true!_  That problem really was resolved before release.  If there's a manufacturing problem with the quality of soldering at the back of some connectors, that is an altogether unrelated issue.  And so you owe them an apology for calling them out on their response.  They weren't feeding you BS.  And they had no way to know at the time that a different problem with the adapters would surface later.
Great video as usual.      Not to join the bandwagon, but the conclusion that its the fault of the bridge carrying current to the last pin when the connector breaks doesn't sit right with me for one reason - there are multiple examples where only the outermost pin is completely melted. If the foil bridge to the last pin is too small causing it to heat up to the point of melting the plastic all the way at the end of the pin, since its the bridge itself heating up, it should also be heating the other pin the bridge connects to just as much.       That is of course only a valid conclusion IF the load is balanced evenly over the pins. If the outside pin is being asked for twice as much current as its neighbor, then the pin itself could be contributing to its overheating in addition to any extra heat from the bridge due to a broken solder joint. I'm not saying the bridge isn't heating up, I'm saying I think there is another factor exacerbating the issue to the point of melting. I have absolutely zero proof of it, but if I HAD to toss my hat into the ring, I'd say that improper load balancing had something to do with it. For all I know, the pins all get combined back into one connection immediately after the connector so there isn't any load balancing at all. Like I said, I have no clue.      And no, I don't think its arcing causing the issue. Evidence of arcing severe enough to cause that much heat would be plainly visible, especially if it was arcing to the thin foil bus bar. Plus arcing would be happening much higher up in the connecter than where the damage is seen occurring.    (Obligatory "iM aN eNgInEeR" post. A mechanical engineer, but I think I took enough circuits, physics, and materials science classes that I'm allowed to weigh in)  Edit before any replies come in: I'll happily eat my words if I'm wrong and it ends up being entirely the fault of the bridge, but I doubt it.
Until NVIDIA decides to fix their cable I'm not interested in these cards and I shouldn't have to buy a cable from a third party for safety reasons, especially for the prices these are selling for. I'm happy with my 3080 Ti anyway and see no reason for these power hungry cards.
Never buy first gen. period. end of story
I’m confused, if the side wire connections break and causes more wattage through the others why are these “disconnected” sides the ones melting?
The lack of heat is because you're simply cutting the joint, if it was legit broken, you'd have arcing between the broken points that are just barely touching
NO, I don't want your $1,500 video card!  It's karma that Nvidia's cables are melting after they FUCKED OVER GAMERS for how long now?  Remember when a budget card was like ~$150
Thank you Mr. JayBird! 🇺🇸 😎👍☕
Perhaps I'm missing something, but wouldn't a simple fix be to have a couple 90° elbows come with the 4090s? One elbow turns length wise the other turns width. This would eliminate the bending of the wires which results in the failures causing the overheating and melting.
Jay if you would have committed to cutting open the connector in your last video you would have found it first.
also arcking can be a problem
One thing that is critical and missing in the video: if that is correct then manually cutting down power limit to 60% while waiting for action from nvidia should be safe.
If you take a look at the photo Igor provided the issue is not exactly a s you described, but i see where you're coming from. Since NVIDIA is doing a 4 to 6 conversion they have to connect 1 wire to the "outside" pins of the 12VHPWR and 1 to 2 "inside" pins  In Igors photo you can see a break of the metal strip that connects the pins inside the 12VHPWR. Now if you just connect like 2 regular 8 pin and one of those is a split, and the split goes to the inner pins and the straight goes to the outer pins you can draw like 250-300 Watts across the one side pin. If you multiply that by all 6 pins you reach the wattage GALAXUS was able to pull through the full connector before melting. If the distribution plane were to be a bit thicker or spaced out from the solder taps, then this issue would probably go away. But that is just some spitballing. If you were to join all the ground wires together and just push the power through the outside pins i'm pretty sure you could make this thing melt reliably.
Its like holding the world record for bench-press AND the worlds smallest legs.
Honestly, I think Igor just got this plain wrong. In fact Jay's testing pretty much demonstrates that. If the (badly designed, badly made - nasty) soldered cable connections were the issue then the overheating would be at the back of the connector near the soldered joints. Instead the problem is very clearly at the front where the pins and sockets meet. Remember the PCI-SIG "thermal deviance" report, which showed single pins delivering well over 300 W and hitting 180degC? They were NOT using the nasty Nvidia 4x8pin adaptor. (When you mingle multiple parallel paths for a current to flow, the high-resistance paths stay cold and it's the low-resistance paths that overheat; kinda unintuitive but that's how it works and the PCI-SIG report demonstrates that beautifully.)
Wow it would break and start arcing. Smart.
Very good video, I must say Jay you are looking great, not sure if you have been working out more or what but you are looking awesome
Thanks bro!
I’m sure it’s been said before but why doesn’t Nvidia they use a 45 angle on there cable?
But nvidia already made a post on what is happening...
Cheap ass horrible solution on premium products.  Its like this monstrosity was an afterthought and tasked to the YTS lad or lass.
It's a matter of if it's not broke don't fix it and the old plugs worked fine for years
He didn't even notice it, until he pulled it out. - That's what she said😁
wonder what EVGA would have done had they Produced 4090 cards.   compare?
The problem will be with the foil holding the solder joint being torn partially, reducing the overall thickness of the conductive medium, meaning increased resistance, and the pin connected to the partially torn foil will heat up drastically. It's not that it has disconnected fully, that rarely happens in an enclosed cable.
that little metal piece is being used as a BUS bar
mmm crispy !  These nVidia adapters are as melty as USA socket-Plugs are shocking
Is the cable that comes with atx3 psus from Asus safe? That's the one I'm running right now
so bad design from everyone involved plus bad soldering work on top of it? what a shock haha
The plastic melts at 100c/212f?
It wouldn't be the completely broken connection that causes the issue, as you saw.  It is when it is in the process of breaking & the 'foil' connection is thinner than it should be, then you get a thinner connection to the bridge, that becomes a hotspot, same as if you were using a too thin wire gauge for the current being drawn.  Or if it was broken, but making partial contact to make a narrow connection, &/or arcing.
There is a real good reason why high power connectors are NOT soldered to the cables. The pins are screwed on or crimped on, NOT soldered EVER. And if you have more pins than wires.... That shouldn't even exist!
Looks like EVGA picked the right time to jump ship.
The psu has also an impact how much power is sent with the plugs. There are even "overclock" modes that combine all the plugs on the psu side to one. What this exactly means I could not find good information's for,  but on my 3090ti I see that all three plugs have always the same amount of watts measured.
I think the problem could be if it is half break; a realy small contact become resistive then disipate heat.... comon touble on power electric line...
You would STILL have to be an absolute brainless moron to melt these cables. Period. 🤷‍♂️
So they expect us to pay high prices for the cards and they cost cut on a connector? Yeah, screw that.
Am I the only one who thinks 4 connectors merging into one is moronic in the first place? They really could not come up with a better solution on 2 thousand dollar product??
Cold solder joints could cause a poor bond and conductivity, fatigue from lateral bending would compound the issue.  Great video!
If the soldered wire breaks off inside the rubber cover, it should still be close enough to the connection. But because it's not a proper connection, won't it create an arc? I think there are so many factors at play here that is putting unnecessary stress on this small adapter. You got a lot of amps and wattage running through thin wires, soldered onto a thin piece of metal, going into small pins. If an arc is possible, you won't be able to see it because of the cover. But it should be enough to create some high temperature  to melt the plastic and all you'd see is smoke coming out. I'm no engineer, or electrician... just thinking out loud.
Quality,Quality, Quality
Good thing they thought long and hard about that design and did a lot of QC... Just WOW
I have the same Volcom shirt that looks almost exactly like yours.
this isn't an issue if you use the product as intended.
Bet that foil was cheap.
I think this issue is also causing a form of arcing between the broken pin and the backplane. That would artificially create a larger heat issue even if the arc is relatively small.
Never ever run power connectors at their specification max current! It is always advisable to put a 2x multiplier headroom into the design. Especially if the part is "user serviceable", so it may easily suffer some minor damage.
NVIDIA will be accusing you of having OCD if you continue with this....🤣 (This problem doesn't in fact exist according to the manufacturers) 😵‍💫
You should create and sell a better cable.
The 4000 series is trying to power a Refrigerator that requires a dedicated outlet with the same wires made for Ceiling Fan. This is a train wreck we are watching in slow motion.
I'm no expert, but I think anyone who has been around electronics long enough knows that a soldered connection has to be carefully protected from strain or it will crack. Especially if the connection is just tacked on the surface like this, with no proper solder lug, through hole, or solder cup. I'm amazed NVidia went to production with that design.  On the bright side, NVidia _can_ fix this relatively easily by distributing a properly made cable. I was afraid that the design of the interface between the plug and socket had a fundamental flaw, which would be something that couldn't be fixed without reworking the board. Whether NVidia _will_ fix this issue is another question.
Sure poor soldering, but also shouldn't the strain relief be designed to prevent...strain... on the solder joints? Like barring extreme mistreatment.
To recreate it you will need to have it on for a good duration of time. The longer the plug runs the card the heat over time will begin to melt the plug. Likely would be over at least a few days if not a bit longer before you begin to see melting most likely. Additionally the one you have was at least tinned correctly whereas the other from the photo clearly was not tinned at all.
I use MOLEX connectors for motors up to 1,5 kW easily... holy hell how Nvidia screwed this up is laughable.
Having the YouTube tech channels do your R&D is going to get Nvidia loved tenderly. This is not 2000. You can hide this shit.
So basically Intel's played NVIDIA into this "test field" that this connectors are, and NVIDIA fall like a charm. what millions can do it's mind blowing, even to another multi bill...u guys get it.
Any competent engineer knows that crimping > soldering.
I love the new Nvidia $1500 kiln, the melting power are incredible.
There should be a mandatory recall on all those products at Nvidia's expense. I'll explain more why below. It's a bad design for a power delivery system of that size. Sure as hell could not pass any UL certification or most others. First, they used the connector a busbar to pull multiple loads from. They should have built the busbar onto the board and separated power there. Second, they didn't take into account the torque applied to the wires and used a poor connector choice. They make angled connectors that could elevate the stress. With this many wires though it should have had a cable relief system built with it. There is no excuse for this level of shit work from any electronics or electrical engineer.   Why I said their should be a recall.  The problems we seen currently are at the low end of the spectrum of what could happen. Probably because someone noticed an issue before it got to the serious point. Imagine though someone leaves it running rendering a large project and walks off. If they have it in a proper enclosure any fire might be stopped there in the case but if they don't and say have it on a test bench setup having a fire that goes beyond just the computer is a real potential. Same if they have it in a case that isn't designed well.  It's already bad enough that they are getting to the point of requiring double wall sockets in some cases. Those people aren't realizing most US wall outlets are only rated for 15 amps wiring included. So unless they put it on a socket that is on a different circuit they are looking at having a breaker or fuse go and or starting a fire. Nvidia needs to get power draw back into a reasonable level.
What if a clean break away isn't the problem? Maybe, what Igor found was the wire end still hanging around making contact with it's neighboring wire. Or worse, touching the grounding wire below it. I'm legitimately asking, since I'm very limited on electrical knowledge.
stop milking it, let them burn
it is sparkin thac cozing the melt not the heat from the good conection  the broken ons are so close to ech other they ar generating sparks thac whac melting the thing. if it wos the heat from the good conectios ther wuld be melting not the broken ons
the connector for my zotac 4090 only has three segments it branches out to, so not sure if i have to worry. almost want to just get a 3rd party cable before i even plugn it up
Whenever you have a poor soldering, such as cold solder joints, there will be heat  at the junction
One thing a lot of testers aren't considering is ambient temps/case temperatures. If someone's case has bad airflow, the temps inside the case can be 50 Celcius or even higher. But Jay and many others were testing it on testbenches where ambient air is 25 C. This can contribute to failure in addition to cable bending.
3:29 Yes, the worst danger happens, when you only notice after pulling it out. ::GIGGIDY::
boils down to atx 3.0 is a hard pass and nvidia pushed it out the poor because they cant make cards that are low power draw and still gpu beasts.
There's a reason why car wires are terminated by crimps and not solder joints. I can't believe how bad engineers are today compared to the older stuff. This kind of problem should have been detected by the RnD, not the public.
You sand it in layers to break it open. Look at automotive 12V wiring. This plug is destined to gain resistance over time through normal usage. Solder should never be used in this manor. This is amature hour. Someone's gender studies grad needed to fail upwards is how this passed quality control.
Awesome solution there. Just don't use it. So basically take that 1600$ card and leave it in the box while you wait 4 weeks on backorder from cable mod.
Maybe they should buy up cable mods on and send them to all 4090
No Jay, that is not how resistance works lol... it does not flow.
The reason you couldn't recreate the issue is because the design is sound, it's just not a good one because it swaps one potential point of failure - depinning - with another one, even a single misplaced or bad solder combined with some bending and you've got the same result. I think they were trying to eliminate the possibility of depinning occurring on something that draws 600 watts, but failed to reinforce the bridge properly. If it's not meant to be bent within 35mm of the connector up and down or side to side, then add something that makes it impossible to do so.
Seriously Nvidia was cheaping out on wires when there card literally cost 1600$, I mean WTF! why they couldn't just have 1 wire per pin, seriously that's some bullsh!t
NVIDIA Engineering it just works😁. With how much engineering that went to the FE Graphics Cards, you would expect the engineering with the adaptor would be good.
I'm no expert, but doesn't having less that 1 wire per pin seem like a cost saving strategy?
My adapter is still in the ASUS GPU box and I'm using the native-ish (Corsair Type 4) CableMod ModFlex 12VHPWR to 4 x PCIE cable with zero deflection of the GPU end of the cable connector for about 65mm (yes, I measured it).
TO JayzTwoCents   Maybe when The wires were covered in the molded plastic the solder points broke because of the plastic shrink around Them and Thats why some are melting
I truly believe you're on the right track for the issue, and its a serious one, but are you testing the broken connection under load over >2-4hrs?? Which is likely a condition of the melting point for the average gamers session... The pace of these current videos seem like you're rushing to get the conclusion, patients my friend! :)
Potting epoxy would have saved all this headache.   I have done that on any design I have that is higher current and never had one fail.
7:55 I think it's a bad idea, possibly even a bit irresponsible, to discount the connection sockets themselves. That _still_ doesn't discount the issue of wear relating to the 30 insertion cycle rating, or the effect lateral forces has on deformation of those sockets. You can _also_ get a similarly bad connection as the socket warps and loosens over time, and lateral forces on the pins could make that worse. I think it's a bad idea to find _one singular lone sole cause,_ and then simply stop with any further testing for other potential fault scenarios, as I think there are multiple failure modes possible with these.  I can't exactly post the image here, due to limitation of youtube comments, but I worked for a manufacturer of electric motors, and we used a similar connector for low voltage signaling. Even with lower voltages, the number one reason for RMAs was the connector failing intermittently. I posted an image online of one of these connectors next to an 8-pinpower connector. You can see how square the thicker metal of the8-pin connector is, despite multiple insertion cycles, but the smaller connector's sockets are _visibly warped_ out of a square shape, and are open on one end. This is also an unfortunately ideal scenario for a high resistance heat generating contact. You should not discount the pin socket connections.
What an utter piece of crap.
This is just a hunch, but I work with a large quantity of the same product (electronics).A lot of parts come through my hands for inspection and work like they are designed, and failure rates are low, but never zero. This could be a suppliers quality failure at those soldered connections. Note that these suppliers I deal with a very professional companies with 0.01% failure rates, but still produce failures. So I am agreeing with the idea here, but I think the suppliers product (nvidia power adapter cable) are producing varying quality.
Designed like a F1 car or something. We want a truck that reliably carries heavy graphics.
I haven't read Igor's report but based on how you're describing the issue, I think the "why" isn't quite right. The bend is breaking it but not to the point where the connection is completely removed and floating as you suggest. Rather it's broken enough that there isn't a clean contact but enough to have some connection. But due to the break, it's causing arcing causing it to heat up more. If there was a complete break as you're explaining, that power draw would be across the cables in the middle and would expect those to melt since it theoretically would be trying to draw more than those cables are rated for.
That is really bad cold soldering job there.
The power knows where it is because the power knows where it isn't
A piece of metal that is designed to be connected to a wire to is called a "terminal". The wire could be attached in different ways depending on the type, such as crimped lug terminal or a solder terminal or a screw terminal.
So 12pin dead on arrival 😂
Would think since resistance creates heat and the adapters are charred/burnt from the tips up it would be the resistance is at the tip of the pins (tho technically female terminal pins). Not that a disconnected wire wouldnt cause other issues but that would put the resistance on the wires (for carrying more current) and the interface tin on that board or whatever since it would have to carry the current a little further. It’s a shit design but I don’t think a cable coming loose is the smoking gun for those side keys burning up.
Holy shit. I thought these connectors were crimped. Crimping gives you the strongest mechanical and electrical connection. Soldering a flexible connection that also gets hot is asking for trouble.
As I have commented that it's benchmarks are not cunsuming enought to draw all the power as Linus has demonstrated Cyperpunk is using more power draw than the benchmark tests.
A little tip: The AI accelerators only draw power when DLSS 3 is used, so if you want to get to 600W you have to play a game that supports DLSS 3, no GPU stress test on the market can currently do that. Also, 600W is only reached when you slightly overclock the graphics card. By the way, in the adapter cable head is an IC that checks how much power is available and then passes the information to the graphics card.
Seriously. Please someone smarter than me explain how this escapes QC??  I really just don't get it
This is where I draw the line and tell Nvidia to PISS OFF.   No way I'm spending that a lot of money just to be even more concerned about a fire hazard.  I'm getting sick and tired how company's Jack prices up to insane levels that make absolute no sense but to make the most $ imaginable!    What's funny though, is ppl are dumber than a box of rocks to pay that price.
Your facility has A/C?  Maybe the pc was running on a tropical place with little insulation. I'm not saying to leave the PC on the sun. But just try to keep it on a room with no AC.
Like a few have responded, a loose connection would cause more heat.  This is especially the case if there is a small air gap and there is enough current to arc across.
I worked for multiple Electronics firms in Silicon Valley and you would not believe the variability of soldering from one person to another depending on experience, TRAINING, paying attention or number of distractions, beginning or at the end of a shift, talking, listening to music, personal issues and work space... and working with difficult cables like that makes it even sketchier...
I am not a great follower, I am not sure where you live. But in Arizona, your house might be 80F, a computer room might be 90f or 100f depending on the side of the house, window size, year of home, distance from AC, etc. If you are in a hot room and hard gaming all day every day, I have a feeling it would be pretty easy to recreate the problem. Especially with the thermal cycling put on the pad over time. Maybe you do a system upgrade like installing an m2 slot ssd under the GPU requiring unplugging or random things like that. I can imagine this problem isn't that rare, just was discovered far too early for the major issues that would have come later to many people.
should have half way cut the connection, make it a fracture instead of a complete disconnect.
So the first guy that posted on reddit with his gpu vertical mounted and the adapter fried was bending sideways was actually his fault even cable mod said dont bend it sideways
You're testing on an FE card, all the failures were on third party cards....
Thank you igor's lab andJTC for this.  This is why we need guys like you looking out for us.
Man it would really be nice if us PC Builders could stand on principal and not buy the 40 series to give Nvidia a message but I already know the guys with money don't care and they just want the best of the best so they're going to run out and buy their s*** up
I get this is content for you so I'm not bashing it but I mean really if you buy a 4090 any of them you spent atleast 1600usd at a minimum, that's a 1600 dollar GPU minimum how in there right mind would anyone use that junk cable in the first place? If you can actually afford 1600 for a GPU you can afford 50 more for a proper cable, I mean nvidia should really be ashamed to ship such a cheap cable with their flagship GPU in the first place, however the customer should know better than to trust you card to that when you could of gotten a cable worthy of 600+ watts. An if you can't spend the extra 25 to 50 bucks for a decent cable than you can't afford the GPU an shouldn't be buying it.
The solution is second revision connector with elongated plastic encasing that should be send by manufacturers to owners of 4090/4080 for free ASAP while engineers is working on a real solution. NVIDIA needs to acknowledge the issue and make steps to prevent fire hazards. If someone’s home or studio render farm got burned down because of faulty connector it would be a disaster
Look closer, parts are snapping off, not just the solder
Yea theres variances out there unless your an msi cpu aio
4090 gamers will need to keep a fire extinguisher on hand.
This video an the other are greatly appreciated. The amount of lives an insurance cost saved are astounding.
Sorry guys but stupid question what adapter should I buy if I have a Corsair RM1000x 80 PLUS 1000 Watt power supply then? I own a 4090.
One possible cause does not a solution make.
That's a very sketchy design of a power cable to not accommodate certain degrees of flexing, and a worse design on part of Nvidia for the plug placement. If they knew the cards were going to not fit standard cases with the cabling, they should have located the power connection at the end of the card and given the power cable more slack to work with effectively.
Brings a whole new meaning to “Fire Hazard” do these cards come with fire extinguishers in case you get a defective plug? 😂
This is just like those crap molex to sata adapters that lit on fire all over again, integrated wire/contacts/housing. Slightly different failure modes, but same end result.  As other's said, the reason the outside melts is because it breaks then has a partial-connection, generates heat across that new resistance. The hotter it gets, the more carbonized and resistive it becomes.
Some people already said this but I will repeat, to test this you would have to yank on the wire with all the shielding and guards on until the solder breaks. That shielding is keeping the pin in place but not actually connected. There would be a tiny air gap and arcs would occur. That’s what’s making the heat. That little distribution plate can take a lot of watts/amps before becoming a heating element.
Damn I hope RDNA 3 is good because AMD couldn't have asked for a better lead up to their reveal
Almost like they didn't do any testing whatsoever.
IMHO, the problem is BAD connection between "side" pin and its closest 12V lead - BAD connection (not completely severed connection) increases impedance hence more loses hence more heat hence melting. If side pin's connection to leads is broken, there will be no current flowing through it - no heat. Situation here is reversed - SIDE pin starts melting - but this does NOT HAVE TO mean more current - it can just be more impedance (heating).  If reverse would be true, lead (12V) cables would start melting, not pin's housing.  EDIT: This is actually what Igor says - broken connection to side pins, with intermittent connection - end result - heat
the melting is from the arcing (if its a full break), or the remaining connection of the partial break being turned it into the equivallent of a mini fillament at that spot... where do you find fillaments? In lightbulbs and as heating elements.
My card came with a pigtail that only has three plugs, maybe that one isn't wired in a quite as Yolo manner? I'm probably still getting a cable mod cable either way, because the pigtail is bulky and annoying,but I don't see anyone talking about the 450 watt adapter. I think both Inno3D and Gainward Phantom cards come with it.
I think the main problem with recreating the failure is the fact you cut the strain relief, so when you cut off the wires they weren't allowed to roam in the plug and short circuit with the live or ground, and that would be another source is another cause of heat. not 100% sure as don't have a 30 or 40 series card, and don't intend to either. but the diagram did show don't bend to the side rather than up or down, but that theory is still a valid point as no wires should be bent at sharp angles in any direction.
evga is giggling. im not buying nvidia
maybe you're all just wrong and that the only people talking any sense are Galax, as they're the only ones who have so far managed to get the temperature to raise in one of these cables - with 1500w going through it
Right... so the actual wire going to the pin (socket really, as pins are on the card) breaks off but the card is still drawing power through the outside pins (signal wire is telling it that it can probably)... but now the current is coming through the other wires and that little foil bridge. The thin foil obviously has too much resistance and heats up like a light bulb filament. Good design, I give it a 5/7
is it possible these are also just made with subpar plastics?
If that “metal foil” is really just one connected piece on each side, it’s basically acting as a thin “bus bar”. What a ludicrously incompetent design for a joint that will obviously be under a lot of stress in many cases (no pun intended). 🎃
Now you can say, "I'm not crazy, I'm early."
It's pronounced Eye-gore
This is like Cyberpunk 2077, backwards compatibility killed them. They tried to make this work with ghetto 2010 PSUs where even 1000watt PSUs had two separate rails for PCIe so to deliver 600 watts you needed 4 cables, two per rail. Which to me is strange since the 3090ti draws more power and their connector was designed for only 2 cable modern PSUs and this newer card is going back like a decade. All they had to do is add the sense to what they already had, which is pretty much what your Corsair is, two 8pin to this 12pin with a dumb sense. Somebody done goofed at NVIDIA and tried to make Cyberpunk run on a PS4….
proves that nvidia made the adapter on the fly or Intel sabotaged the design
Just give me my 3 x 8-pin power connectors !!!
Look I'm not saying I'm an expert or saying that I know what is causing such a problem, but I do work with solider and electronics, now with that being said yes build quality can differ from same run and batch to batch, also as said within same batch, reason being yes people are lazy and as long as their piece is good then they think they are good, um no this is not true, I'm sure everyone out here in Internet land that works with such things knows that different solider and heat levels, as well as cleanliness and the use of quality flux, are all factors in how a connection turns out, there for the human eye has to be able to tell the sings and differences and be able to make the adjustments on the fly, now with that said, here's my personal take, or opinion on what I have seen and witnessed and heard,  A. Um this card is for bragging rights only, you want it, fine but there are more cost effective ways of hitting perfectly good game frames, I mean you pretty much have to be running the latest and greatest just so the 4090 won't bottle neck somewhere, or it bottle neck something else, if you got the money for this GPU then spend the extra money for the replacement cable's, who doesn't want their stuff to last as long as possible, some things you just have to pay a little more to insure them is all, does anyone choose to run their personal home computer without a battery backup??? This is the insurance frame of mind I'm talking about, now I won't go into looks of the design as that is purely opinion, yeah All from one's point of view and no man or woman stand's for all, yet I will go out on a limb and say this figure out how to shrink the thing down, I know it is a misconception that bigger is better but, if you actually try to say put a 12 inch hot dog in a woman LoL 😂😆😅😆😅 she's gonna mace you,. She'll want to play with it, just not in her, and. If she wants it in her well you might want to grab a rope and some spelunking gear, cause you gonna need it brother, all I'm saying is figure out a way to shrink it down, your running out of room in standard big mid size cases to install theses things, what? Do you think we're a bunch of dumb, blind sheep that modding out a case will be the next evelution in case's and everyone will want to cut a hole in the side of their case? Please while it will indeed please a certain number of people, I don't see it being main stream, this is not putting lights in a case and jacking up the price, this is making you pony up more money than you want to install a over the top GPU. I suppose if you have the money to get the 4090 then you can get a bigger case, but what if 5 gens. Down the line everything is the same or actually bigger??! Are you going to wall mount computers by nasesity??? All I'm trying to say here is there's a time when big is just gaudy, I'm sure at this point I am on a small island or a very small crowd how ever you want to say it, but in the tech world if it has a history of getting bigger in size then it takes a lot to reverse that thinking, best to jump ahead of that tide and do it earlier on before performance gets impacted. Also for God sake, the thing I sold my kidney for sould not be setting my house on fire
So the adapter is the issue. I guess I'll wait for the 12VHPWR PSU's
It`s Called a " RAIL " Jay = Yes , the same in your psu , just a metal strip To " Rail Connections  " Together . Yes same but yes Slightly Diff.  The term comes from the power lines on motherboards. Power must be available throughout a motherboard; hence, voltage lines tend to run in long strips like railroad tracks.  Same as the Metal Strips they Solder TO . its called a rail "tabbing strips"   isn`t what this is . Distribution Joint = Nope
Not having standardized pin outs on power supplies has created the whole mess. If there was a standard, there wouldn’t be an adapter, there would just be a cable.
If the side wires broke, then melting would happen not on the side but in the middle of the connector, or even more likely on the PSU side, if its mostly melting on the side then its either the metal plate connecting pins together that is breaking, or the issue is somewhere else.  Also if that theory is indeed correct, then adding those extra sensor pins actually broke the connector. So the problem is in the standard itself.
I wonder why they chose soldering for this. That should have been a crimp.
cheap garbage is the matter. HOW HARD IS IT TO SOLDER ONTO A DAMN CONNECTION? SOLDER ISN"T EVEN FRAGILE!!!!!
I don't have the money to upgrade my computer to even 2020 specs, much less $2000 to blow on a puffed up video card by a company that quit caring about its customers years ago.
It is still drawing power through all 4 cables, but now just 5 pins (or less) instead of 6. All the power pins are connected so each cable is also connected. All power will go to the pins no matter how many are actually seated. This means it may try to send 50 amps threw one pin in worst case.
WTF! I've been sleeving cables for a while and have never ever seen something a stupid as this. as those cables are soldered solder can wick up those cables for a short distance, that part will become rigid and will become brittle if stressed by bending, in this application the cables should be individually crimped to each pin properly!
The card costs more as my entire system and they used the cheapest connector ever. Nvidia is burned for me.
Nvidia used worst and dumbest way to distribute the power.  I was thinking hard how is this adaptor wired if it can support any 3 plug configuration as well as 4 plug, there was mention of controlling IC... Yeah good joke. It is all *bridged* \(o_0)/
The issue won’t be with the good wires itll be with the poor connection on the bad solder joint if the connection is only partially touching then it’s going to cause a choke point causing resistance… in most cases the gauge of the good wires should be able to handle most of the power but the resistance of a loose connection will be extremely high and it will only draw enough through that that pin if the power demand on the card is high enough that the other lower resistance connections to saturate them then it will start to over draw from the loose connection which will generate heat hence why the outer pins (closest to the heat source) will heat up before the inner which would be the case if the good pins were being over drawn
Once again this just comes down to poor design and negligence. They know damn well how people have to route cables in cases so they should have seen this coming. There is no excuse. It is just more cutting corners and not properly testing so they can rush a product out to get money. It could potential cost lives and they don't give a sh$t. However they will get away with it like usual so count on this happening again.
I would think it is that the solder job is bad and it is arcing out or the pad broke off and the same is happening. I would put money on the card trying to get more power because of a bad connection and the problem compounds.
Ok got it, so Into The Radius is melting wires, VR fans make note 😜
Old plugs could be bent....but suddenly since they can't build it right it's our fault...sad
Melts in your computer not in your hand.
I know these cards are great but honestly I'm glad I'm skipping this round. It'll give them time to fix issues like this.
If they are all soldered together why even split among different pins. Why not use a heavy duty 2 pin connector like on lithium battery stacks combined with thicker wire.
Greatest Intel sabotage of all time.
Removing a wire by breaking a joint will not cause a pin to overheat, it would be near the joints.  Every photo shown of these failures is pin failure, not joint or internal connector.  Those pins are all internally connected.  A broken solder joint would cause a failure in the 'foil' area of the connector, not in an individual pin
It’s called busbar
this damn cable again? ffs.....
lol this is the type of nerdy shit I love. High stakes. Millions on the line. Talking about soldering and pins and PCB’s. PC MASTER RACE!!!
PS3: Igor? Is that you?
Ok so which plugs are good and which are bad?  He held something up and indicated it was good but I don't really know what it was, where to buy it, etc,..
Right after breaking the connector you worryed about breaking the connector...lol
So Nvidia now is selling a GPU for around 1700€. Now they ask for a doctors degree to plug in their new cable for their perfect GPU. They now sell a potential fire hazard for little cost of 1700€.
You're unable to recreate it because you're providing vastly more favorable conditions than in common use. Use a case ffs. With the side panels on.
the 30xx series 12VHPWR connector are not the same as the 40xx, the original ones were built my MOLEX, while the newer ones are supplied by Astron
Well don't worry the five series by Nvidia won't be using those plugs anymore and they're going to go back to the other
Jay! It's when there's an unclean break that resistance increases. When there's still little contact left. The break happends inside of that glued wrapping, you're testing it completely detached outside of its wrap. Inside the wrap it would still contact but with  less contact area. It has nowhere to go if it breaks in its wrap. So it's probably micro-contacting with the vibration from fans. Shifting contact areas along the break. Meaning also shifting load on the incoming strand. Regardless much more resistance with being semi-attached. Becoming a toaster-wire 😇
The very fact they didn't think about 'voltage increase detection' makes me think they weren't thinking about Ohm's Law.  If you have a graphics card pulling the same wattage, but if the resistance of the power connector has increased due to poor connection, it then needs to  then increase the voltage to push the same wattage. Therefore, the voltage drop (with a higher delivery voltage), given the same current, is also much higher, and the heat dissipation is a lot higher as a result.
Next time don't blame the customer
But if its the outer pins disconnecting/causing the cracking which then breaks their connection, why are THOSE pins the ones causing the heating up.  No power running through them should pretty much take them out of the equation, right?  The middle section should be getting hotter.
Tbh that must be the stupidest looking power cord thingie what ive seen. What were they thinking
I think the word you're looking for is "busbar".
Lol 2k in euros and they cant even be arsed to make safe cables.
Wow .... this is bad, i guess Nvidia are trying to nickle and dime there way with these connectors. Poor choices now i bet they won't do a recall on them and come up with excuses and explain how you are using it wrong.
GPUs are so stupid now.
That thin metal could be called a busbar
The problem is not with a completely severed connection, the problem would be with a partial break increasing resistance and/or a break that keeps the ends so close that it allows arcing
Its just ridiculous. Stop fighting with connectors. You are not competent. Nothing to be ashamed. Do what you do best
This issue is receiving a lot of coverage, and I can kind of understand the logic behind someone saying "Ah, well if you don't bend it, you're fine. It's the users fault". But it honestly doesn't matter at the point where something smokes and melts. In the best case it damages a component, but it also could hurt someone. Why do we blast Gigabyte and NZXT when this crap happens, but suddenly when it's a cable that ships with an Nvidia card people start pulling the "Well you shouldn't have..." crap?
Sorry to drone on BUT I think I should point out that with a potential power draw of 600W, which is 50 Amps @ 12V and therefore 8.33 Amps per pin on the 12 pin connector. Nvidia is EXCEEDING the data sheet limits anyway for those Molex terminals !  Why is THIS important ? Because it means that Nvidia is skating on thin ice by PRESUMING that the product they buy in will work BEYOND the manufacturer's stated maximums (and will continue to do so for years on end).  The contacts are rated at 8 Amps MAXIMUM with a fair wind behind them and in small (2-6 way) housings (AND with large gauge wire). Why does the housing size (number of ways) matter ?  Precisely *** BECAUSE IT CONCENTRATES/ACCUMULATES THE HEAT *** and therefore the connector runs hotter !!!!!!!! I can barely contain myself here. It's like berating an ignorant FOOL Nvidia has TOTALLY IGNORED *ALL* known good engineering practice with this heap of brown stuff.  The thing about using solder to fix (glue !) wires to circuit board traces/tracks (which is what this is) is SIMPLY VERBOTEN in all safety standards. The wires MUST be STRESS RELIEVED (individually) ! The danger (especially where a soldered termination is used) is exactly the failure mode you show. The wires sever at the soldered joint. Making it such an unwieldy LUMP of a thing only made it MORE likely to be stressed and for that stress to be worst on the outer wires because they are the ones being subjected to a larger bend radius and hence stressed worst.
What was wrong with what we had. If it's not broken don't fix it.
I thought pci-sig literally identified the issue as the pins making partial constant with the socket causing high current in other pins. They released a paper to the public showing and explaining this as an issue since the start.
Is crazy how this card cost nearly 3k to buy and it doesn't come with a good cable. I'm just shock that you have to buy another adapter cable to use the Gpu at it best performance.
The power distribution should be internal in the card. I only run parallel feeds to a gear if its 400 amp 480v. Lol. Seriously
Are forgetting that when you cut the wire there is no connection, whereas when a cable brakes you can get arcing and this is what causes the temps to rise.
I still want the 4090 but this scares me a bit.  This is my 1st pc build and I'd hate to pay money for it to burn out.  I understand there's a warranty with it depending on where u buy it, but it still would suck
Just going to weigh in here, as a Warlock I can assure you the problem is demons getting inside your electronics and letting the magic smoke out.
Elon Musk won’t stand for this if he owns Nvidia  ever Be prepared to find a tesla power plug on a 5000 series card
Hey Jayz! I think you misunderstood the situation. You were simulating OPEN LOADs for the pins (no connected at all). In the beginning you described it well, there is a damage on the metal part joining all contacts - meaning that the resistance for transmission will increase in damaged area which also equals to more generated heat. Since this is happening in the sealed plastic, the damage by bending might be done in process of installation, but the plastics around still keeps these two pieces together. Since there is “some verry small contact” (in comparison to the direct contact), the current will flow there, but in cost of melting plastic around. You can try taking the disconnected piece and while running the GPU benchamark, touch slightly the piece back together. If you would do it several times I think you might see little sparks = also can be told this means generating the heat.   Btw I dont uderstand why they did this connection at all.. It cannot be cheeper than doing 12+4 crimped cables by machines right? Unless this is handmade by some Chinese slaves... If I would bought 4090 I would do my own harness which would cost me like 10 USD and would be safer lol.
Corsair out done Nvidia???
Be nice if nvidia got the message and RELEASED THE DAMN 4090 STOCK SO PEOPLE CAN BUY THEM!
They shouldve used a bigger contact and crimp the wire to contact instead of soldering. Crimping the contact to the wire will give the wires slack in the connector which is need for bend radius. I have experience for building wire bundles for the 737.
That many watts going thru those pins are a fire waiting to happen.  Can't believe they used mini pin connectors on the cable.  Especially for a $2k + card.
Soon comapnies will go mkilspec wiring lol
They should not have used solder where that much current is drawn!! Solder can begin to melt from 90°C and the cards that appear to be most affected are vertically mounted! - Hypothetically between the heat, arcing and increase in resistance from damaged connections the solder can melt and flow where the make plug meets the female plug on the card, burning the ends of the plugs as seen mostly.
what i dont understand ... all the pins are connected together, why doing the solder plate separated?
This is such a stupid problem to have thanks to Nvidia insane approach to this design. As was shown, the 30 series and many after market cables use one wire per pin just like how any quality 8 pin PCIe connector does. But for the 40 series they chose to use a bus bar approach instead to what? Save money on wire. The extra work involved in making a connector like this is just nuts and adds a new point of failure. Crimping on the pins to each wire is simple and way less risk. You don't have to rely as much on the people at the factory knowing how to solder properly. Of course they also could still use a design like this if they used a larger bus bar and carefully watched for solder quality like they should at the factory.
so where can i buy one of these cables that are safe? a link would be helpful
This whole situation reminds me of the sang "In theory there is no difference between theory and practice; in practice there is". Thankfully since the problem seems to be the cable side, if a recall happened it would only be replacing the cable instead of sending out your graphics card to get replaced. This appears to be something that Third party vendors can use as a selling point for their adaptor cables, Showing close up photos of their junctions that are superior. Its a shame this has happened on such a high priced item, but thankfully it seems like an easy fix if handled correctly.
judging by the opened connector image, the issue isnt about bending but rather the fact that out of 4 big wires for the power, 2 of them (left one and the right one) are shoving all that power only through one pinout instead of two, thats way too much current for one tiny pin to handle.
my mom works at Treyarch. That cable SHOULD work with our testing out at the HQ
Wouldn't 2. 12 gauge 90°c rated wires in an industrial rated socket get rid of all this b.s.? We aren't in 1999 anymore. I do industrial controls and engineering for a living. That's my solution.
Guys the fact that amd said they're not going to use this should be enough, probably not a pa stunt , and that they know there is an inherent issue , case closed
So rule of thumb is if you buy a 4090, you will need a new case and a new power supply with the 12v high power lug native. $2,000 + case + psu. And do not use Nvidia's adapter.
In igors cable though the pad was technically broken off but still may have been touching the foil enough to make a slight connection. But it was not a good connection and that may be what was causing the issue. Cutting off the wire wouldn't do anything other than having a disconnected wire but having a bad connection where it's maybe arcing between the solder and the plate foil could be causing the heat. So your test only tested disconnecting the wire instead of a bad connection. Maybe you should be bending it back and forth a bit in order to break the solder and leave it floating there just above the foil. Cuz remember the rubber and other sheathing around the cable is going to keep putting pressure on that joint but since it's not connected anymore it's going to create a bad connection in arc.
The word you are looking for is "bus bar" (also busbar). But it is a stretch calling that thin piece for a bar. 😂
in other words, you need a new psu & maybe a full atx case to go with your 4090. if you are running a new am5 platform then pretty much you are getting a whole new system...not upgrade.
You want to read about the mystery of recreating a fault (in this case a fatal one) read “The mystery of flight 427..” by Bill Adair
OK lets look at it this way 450WATT at 12V = 37.5AMP = 16 AWG Wire can carry 13.5 AMP safely which means 3 wires is enough to handle a 450WATT load safely. The fourth wire in this case thus gives us 13.5 AMP of safe headroom. NOW in safe I mean quite conservative and is for 1m of cable run in this case. In this short of a run 16 AWG can carry up to 22 AMP without exceeding 70C. which means that 2 wires could carry the 450WATT load (not recommended but shouldn't present danger). The soldering and the bus bar for better word because its only a few millimeters will easily handle the load even with the solder because its such a short relative distance and the resistance would be very low so those joints when PROPERLY contacting and secured would also be relatively safe even at full load. (Hence they could run 1400 WATT  at 12V through the connector before it started melting as at 1400WATT its 117 AMPS and 29AMPS per wire on 4 wires definitely over my theoretical safe 22 AMP draw per wire hence melting at this point through as simply too much amperage at 12V for 16 AWG).  The problem for failure would thus have to be from the solder joints breaking off but now having an air gap, which leads to a massive resistance jump and arcing. Once the wires become separated enough on the ends it would be fine again once they break contact completely as I went over in most cases or unless you live in the Sahara Dessert with no AC. 2 Wires would still be able handle the full 450WATT load if the solder joints remain firm.   Definitely the solder cracking and not using a direct pinned design is at the heart of this issue. My math should support this.
Yeah... Definitely not going to risk burning up $5000-$10000 of computer hardware because of faulty first generation plugs/connector.
Nvidia wont own up to this. They just dont care
Titter lilting jay up and hardware unbox too
The age old, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" applies here. Nobody asked for the new connector and nobody should have to even care about this connector.
The piece you are calling foil would be called a "bus bar" in normal scale power distribution ...
Just use acetone to eat the plastic off
The problem with heat is not to completely sever the connection, but to increase the resistance. Imagine the solder breaking, but the cable still touching the pin. This will increase the resistance, but will still allow flow through. If the draw is distributed equally through all the pins, the bad connection will have more resistance and have increased heat.
Jay, bending the cable at room temp won't probably do anything (unless REALLY forced). But the solder melting point is ~100/150C, granted it doesn't reach there under normal conditions BUT you showed it gets to 50/60C, which won't melt it but might get into the solid/liquid transition and with the force of the bend... Disaster. Just thought I'd put it out there.
I think the cable works, its just a quality control problem.
Igor's example looks like the result of cold soldier joints, which are easily broken, which can lead to a partial electrical connection that increases the resistance causing excessive heat. Think of it like the wires in your toaster which conduct but at high resistance causing those wires to heat up and glow toasting your bread near them. In this case it toasts the plastic of the connector.
Yes but if the outside wires (pins) broke then would the inside wires that make all the heat be the ones that are burnt? Or would it be the outside wire (pins)? What Jay is saying doesnt make sense...Whats happening is the connections on the sides are broken & they are arcing and basicaly like welding, so there's tiny welders on both ends that are broken that are arcing "(welding)" and that also is causing the heat and the burn marks.
I know the leadership at EVGA has to be sitting back and laughing.
I get what the problem is, but the explanation seems a bit off. If those outer wires are broken and disconnected, those pins would never have power going through them and wouldn't burn/melt. What is likely happening is they are touching, but just a bit so there is a lot of resistance in the connection creating a bunch of excess heat. I think we (those with these cables) are victims of cost cutting measures. The revised one vs the original one that was used on the 30 series is undoubtedly cheaper to make.
Just get a bigger case 4Head.
Great vid, it’ll be interesting to see how nvidia will respond
i mean you say that, but the bad solder didnt hurt it, it is from the likely nickel being to thin
It's a sealed nonrepairable connector they don't have a choice but to recall everyone out in the market
I think it's enough of connector topic. Can we talk about the card now? :D
So when the  power connecter melts down and destroys the connector on the card....will NVidia replace or repair the card?  Doesn't sound like a great moment especially if you have to wait  6 to 8 weeks to get it back.  Also why the hell don't they just make the connector with a 90 degree connection?
i love your videos :)
I think it is shorting to ground too?
I can see this being a fire hazard and should be recalled. Not everyone is tech savvy. This could also be grounds for a class action.
I knew the whole time there had to be a weakening of the connection causing an increase in resistance. Resistance is what causes heat.
$2,000 for a space heater. Naaaa!
You only saw the heat from the higher current density in the center pins (by disconnecting one of the pins). I assume the ones that failed had additional heat that came from the resistance on the damaged pins. Think about how heat is generated in a light bulb. That equates to what you would see in a damaged pin
I wonder what nividias stress test is like? Seems like they don’t even drop the graphics card for durability lmao 🤣. Jk jk it happens probably a manufacture error.
That type of connection depends on the solder for strength. Destined for failure. That’s why we avoid soldered joints in cars. Shits always gonna crack and cause high resistance joints.  Shame on nvidia. The wires should be CRIMPED to the pins.
Ok so in the past 24 hours I have tried to remedy by a) buying the Corsair cable to go from my HX1200 to the 4090 - no stock direct or with resellers (1 ETA I think said mid November). b) Buying a new Thermaltake 1350w ATX 3.0 PSU - on pre order with Scan (due date 4th November but knowing the demand will I get one of the first delivery). c) purchased CableMod's Corsair to 4090 cable (how long will that take - USA to UK plus how busy are they right now). Whatever comes first I would still like the right angle adapter from CableMod to take the stress off horizontal mounting against the ever so close side panel but 4 days until release and how many can they make to keep up with demand? Basically all the 3rd party solutions to Nvidia's crappy adapter are swamped and so who knows when we will all be safe and secure with our high end systems?
I'm pretty sure that soldered cable is against safety regulations in my country (they should be crimped or welded) and have contacted our Office of Product Safety forwarding Igor's research.
all I got from this is that Jay doesn't understand this fully. if the outside wires break off completely then how are they melting lol. there would be no current in them thus way less heat.  also the NEC allowable current through 14awg wire is 25 amps. that would be 1200w hence why even at 1400w the connector wasn't melting. I'm all for Jay doing this type of video but do some more research lol
Save us AMD
I WANTED TO SEE THE STRUGGLE TO GET THAT RUBBER PIECE OFF!!!!!!!!  AAAAARRRRRRGGGGGHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
Ideally just need someone to create a solid line that bends twice over so it runs along the short of the card then down, however at a 50 degree angle towards the back before allowing the cable connections, which could then be easily hidden within the case; that or just run a straight connection down towards the bottom of the case.
Sounds like a very expensive sparkler 😂
This also means it's possible with a Gen3 power supply and the 12vhpwr cable? Or will they all have actual pins?
you almost have it right that one pin breaks off only half way makes only half a connection then causes heat when drawing power
All FUD
Classic cold solder joints and horrid pad design. We had many of the issues in the drone world at first, cost of repairs fixed the issue over time.
why didn't they just crimp two cables into one pin instead... literally no need for all the soldering, just added complexity for fun, I guess?
shouldnt Nvidia be more worried about all this and more outspoken about wanting to help figure out the issue? I keep seeing so many video of youtubers doing their best to figure out the problem with these cards but i havent seen a single peep from Nvidia, that or im just missing their input. You would think they would be more concerned about their customers, it seems pretty low of them to leave it to the community to find a work around instead of doing the right thing by their costumers.
Does the 3-plug adapter included with my 3090ti have individual power wires to pins, like the 2-plug adapter you show here? Wow, the 4 plug adapter is a weak design, what cost cutting nonsense! Thank you Jay for your continued coverage, I understand you don't wanna mess with it anymore. I'm posting the question for all the 3090ti owners with the same thoughts: What's under that tape??
Maybe it could be a Power supply issue as well? If something in the powersupply breaks and two of the lines are disabled and the card now draws all this Power over 1 or 2 lines it could have the same effect? maybe?
I'm glad I bought a new PSU with the new 12+4 cable. Each pin has its own wire soldered to it. Great info Jay, thank you.
Nvidia adapters are melting because people shouldn't be giving them money.
Nvidia is such a garbage company. Their "engineers" can't even make a simple connector without failing.
Strain relief is a fundamental of wiring.  Nvidia did poor engineering here, it's that simple.
So it was the poor sweatshop worker at the end of the day.
Never have been an early adopter for exactly reasons like this - had thought about a 4080 when it is released but maybe an “old school” 3080 will do…
I wonder if it could be exacerbated by tightly fitting plugs/sockets where you have to do that shimmy / side-to-side jiggle to get the plug in and out, especially in cases where people push/pull on the cable rather than the actual plug
The use of a sodered connection seems like relly bad design. Should be terminated and crimped per pin. Seems like an Nvidia move to cut cost on the adaptor
I don't care what these eggheads say. The card pulls 50 amps. Use radio controlled car battery connectors. This molex trash sucks.
Could be arcing across gap when the connection is broken that is causing the burn rather than resistance heat.
OK that is a pretty bad design. Good to know that real 12VHPWR cables shouldn't have this problem though. Will definitely wait for more real ATX 3.0 PSU to come out so I don't need any adaptor.
People would be raging if this was a psu. Psus mostly go for less than $200.
To simulate loose connection, put a high ohm resistor between the foil and the disconnected wire and see the resistor started to burn.
1600 for a gpu with PSU Cables that bern up if u bend them to much...i thing they just forgot to add in the bern your house down insurance
What app does Jay use for thermal readings?  Thanks
If the wires on the ends are breaking then shouldn't the middle wires be the ones that are getting hot and melting because they are supplying all the power.
This is such a crappy design, sheesh...  It doesn't need to break. A crack would be enough as it would increase the resistance there and create heat. A crack is probably worse than a complete break. Bad contact is worse than no contact.
It scares me that a multibillion-dollar operation can miss such a crucial issue in the design process :/
What bullshit Nivida has become. Going amd graphics.
SMH. Do better Nvidia!
Shoddy. Shit like this burn houses down.
im still glad i went 3080 ti from zotac so i dont have to deal with the connector and still be good for a few years (i hope)
sweet lord, they have that much voltage running through a cheap solder joint?!
Electrical arcing will produce the heat. A complete break won't. You need a break that can produce an arc, like a break inside a plastic shield. Wink wink.
Speculation time. I suspect that the connection between the pins broke, that would create an unbalanced resistance resistance in the cables. Let's say the outer 2pins broke off from the rest with 1 cable attached,  that  would leave 3 parallel cables leading in to 4 pins. There would be way less resistance in 3 parallel cables compered to one, therefore dumping most of the power into those 4 pins melting them.
I think it's the pins themselves making the contact area smaller and hotter when torqued. Pulling on the connector shifts the contact area from the long face of the pin to a smaller contact area. The evidence you show supports me as the plastic around the pin is what melted. Because the heat was in the pin and pin socket not the wires or the wire solder joints.
I can't help wondering if this ridiculous BODGE of a 'solution' to feeding high power to the board (it's NOT btw - it's the exact reverse and embodies very poor engineering practice) might not have been the 'straw that broke the camel's back' for EVGA when they decided to terminate their relationship with Nvidia. It is truly appalling 'engineering. It's the sort of thing I'd expect a student or hobbyist to come up with.  Nvidia need to HALT PRODUCTION of these PDQ or they'll have a probable *LAWSUIT* on their hands for incompetent engineering.
Wow, there are sure a lot of electrical engineers in chat. 🤔
I love when companies go into damage control mode and attempt the "there's no problem, our testing shows" line. I feel sorry for the schmucks who have to give that to the public when they most likely know there's an issue.
Not only is it from days of use, the broken solder is still enclosed in the housing, trapping heat, and being an intermitted connection, it might not be fully disconnected, but have a small sliver of solder still touching which could heat up
From my experience using a thermal camera, when a wire makes a bad contact and high amounts of current runs through it, this will create lots of heat like a welder. So my assumption is that when the wire breaks from the stress, it doesn't disconnect completely, and that barely touching cable is enough to cause much heat to melt the connector. You disconnected the broken wire completely, effectively removing that resistance, so you got no heat. The remaining cables that are properly connected will not heat up so much just because a higher load gets through them. Those wires have multiple cores inside, just cut most of the cores from a single wire and leave just 1-2 cores and then they will definitely start burning.
600W @ 12V is 50Amps, 50Amps on those foils is ridiculous, TIG welders with distributed AC/DC stage usually have thick bus bars for these currents....
Jay, you’re close on the constituent component level of understanding the problem. You’re thinking of power only, but contact resistance and subsequent heat isn’t from power, it’s from current. Just like you’re used to looking at CPU & GPU overclocking from the voltage perspective, terminals and terminal blocks care about current.  Heat generated from a contact is linearly proportional to resistance, but is proportional to the square of current. So, when you remove 25% of the current carrying conductors, the loss from current goes up by ~77.8%. If the loss of power contacts is from loosing a pin, that translates to ~122% more power loss. All power loss is via heat.
Another good way to prevent melting cable is to not purchase a 4090 GPU.
Maybe they should have crimped them instead of soldering. It seems they went  for the cheapest option.
Arcing issue!
I'm sure it was already mentioned, but I finished the video and noticed it wasn't thought of. It's possible that the break only occurred between the bridge of wires and the one connection pin. Which would explain how 600w was still being pushed to the card as the 4 wires were still able to 'talk' because they were all still connected together but only able to talk to 5/6 of the connection pins to the card which the card was like oh I can take 600w so all pins would pull power but all but one worked causing the one pin to heat up more and more as it tries and tries to pull power that is literally just a hairline fracture away.
Feels like the  New World issues all over again. People shouldn't have to worry about a $1800 gpu at all. Even a $400 gpu shouldn't be having issues....
At 9:55 in the video you show the close up of the connector and the one on the left ie. Yours has 2 wires of the 4 pin side band connector broken. So if that's the case then the GPU might be reading that 2 of the 4 supply cables are disconnected and thus drawing less power. Thus making it unable to recreate the meltdown. Correct me if I am wrong, since it's 4:22am here and am down with cold. So who knows. 🤔
So if the cables melt does that mean the gpu will be broken? Or is it just the cables.
I wonder will this not happen if I undervolt it? And if so, by how much and how much is the power loss I cant check since I don’t have one
Just an FYI.    Solder has an L in it
i like DELL computers. i have one that starts up in 30 seconds?  and it closes quicker?  windows vista.  then i have another pc with fancy looking shit - and it takes 5 minutes to boot up?  and it closes when it feels like it - windows 8?  with each newer version i despair more?  flaky bastard computers.
So build quality aside, (which is unaccetable) people once again jumped to the hate bandwagon since it's either Nvidia or Intel.  Blaming the new connection.
Dude you cut the connection completely obviously you're not going to see the problem. The problem most likely is a bad connection where the solder pads breaking then barely touching causing more resistance and heat through that solder joint. Same kind of idea you were talking about where the pins being pulled when you bent the cable and not making not a solid connection anymore. Come on man how the hell did you not realize that lmao you just cut the connection entirely obviously you're not going to recreate anything.
no, the safe solution is to not support these companies. i will not buy a card with this stupid connector.
So, NVIDIA simply forgot Kirchhoff's law of current.   Cheers!
You are also not testing over a heavy 3-4 days of heavy use which is when they are failing. Gaming heavily iver several days.
I think a partial connection would be a more realistic melting scenario. By cleanly removing connections the existing wires are just at a higher ampacity. When there is an inconsistent connection with higher resistance is where you would get heat
Working in the automotive sector, it completely boggles my mind to see soldered connectors. I've worked on countless wiring harnesses and never ever seen a soldered connector. Always crimped. And strictly speaking, repairing with soldering is frowned upon as well... Solder is good for PCB's and stuff like that, but wires and connectors? Nope.
poor connection is a lot worse than no connection at all, in my line of work i saw similar cases where a bad connected pin cause the plastic of the all connector to melt.
These power adapters seem to be the vary definition of "fixing something that wasn't broken", only to 'break' what it was you were 'fixing'.
This should be a national recall on Nvidia due to possible fire risk.
Note to self never trust Nvidia.  You'd think for a GPU that's nearly 2000 they would take quality control seriously? If they screwed this up what failures will we see with the massive double brick of a GPU? Note to self never buy anything from Nvidia always trust the partners but you can see why EVGA left.
Wouldn't a break inside the connector like that cause arcing? If so I would suspect that would be the source of the heat and melting...
None of this would be a problem, if they just used 3-4 8 pin connectors, instead of a proprietary power connector, right?
IM paranoid but I ended getting a thermaltake atx 3 1000 watt so I don't use the included adapter.
It's also bad cable design. The ground wire being separate so the PSU thinks the wire is still connected and sends the same voltage but down the others is a pretty bad design flaw imho.
Foil has to do with the thickness off the metal. So it goes Foil, Sheet, then Plate. With foil being the thinnest, and Plate being the thickest.
dont worry. Nvidia created the problem reaction and solution. we got a government forming with nvidia. lol. all this for what? cable space. 4 8 pin connectors were always the best/ simplest solution. wait wasnt intel involved in this. i know who im not supporting anymore.
There should be a recall of all of Nvidia's adapters and replaced with a new design.
but where can I get the corsair cable ???!!!  I've been looking for a couple weeks and can't find them anywhere!!!  send me one please
Well, if it looks like flimsy shit, it probably is flimsy shit... Who would have expected that... It literally has a life expectancy of 30 connects/disconnects. That's trash from the get go. It's not like you'll ever use it that much, but it tells a story about how delicate the thing is. Might just break on the first time...
4:06 A bus. It's called a bus. Busbar. Bus bar. Busline.
Jay, I dont like that cheap bastardized connector either, especially at +$1500 Credits due where it should, Nvidia made it work. Did your heat test involved heavyload gpu+vram processing and for how long? Did your heat test also involved wattage gpu bastardized connector demand and delivery? If you have a sensor that probes for wattage in. How do we make sure there is no wattage handbrake if connector sensediy is opened?
From when I worked at a tech company I would have to say this is due to 3rd party contractors changing things  after the company had approved the initial part. We ran into this issue  where we would approve the part to be made and the contractor in China who made them would decide to use cheaper materials  in the part to make a little more money.  Often times this would happen mid production run and involve things like connectors, wires or boards, the part looked fine but was not designed to handle the power and so you would have melted fires and then the company would have to do a massive recall or in some cases we just sent the customer a whole new product that we knew didn't have the issue even though it was just a small replaceable part inside causing the issue.
The defect isn't in the build quality, it's in the cost cutting. They got you guys, I wonder where else they cut costs? I think we will see soon enough.
Buildzoid called out the horizontal bending as the culprit a while back.
And remember guys... nVidia couldnt figure this out.
Simple fix - create it in a L shape with solid plastic
While this is clearly an issue, I'm not convinced this is directly related to the connectors showing melted pins. The solder joints are located near the rear of the connector and the melting is occurring at the connector's pins. If you have a bad solder joint and you're pulling power through it, you create localised heat where that solder joint is through increased resistance via lower contact area. But due to the bus design (assuming that the foil connecting the pins is still intact), the power past this point is still distributed across all the pins which wouldn't cause overheating at the connection joint. I'm convinced that Galax's interpretation is that the pin contact isn't always good, so the connectors are melting at the pins due to this. The only way I could foresee the disconnected solder joins being this issue is if the easiest way for the heat to escape is along the path of the connector towards the GPU, but that would have to be a significant amount of plastic around the solder joints if there is no signs of melting around that area.  If you're looking to recreate the issue Igor is describing, you need to break the connections on the outer wires and then loosely reconnect them with a very small contact area (basically leave them dangling onto the pin they're designed to connect to...).
It should have 12pin into the GPU and splits 4 8pin. It should do it. 12pin like old mobo connector.
Part of the issue is that Corsair cable is as available as the 4090…I have had the 4090 FE since yesterday and it’s still in the box. Not using it until I get my custom cable from cablemod or that Corsair cable becomes available. Heartbreaking it comes to this
common Nvidia L
Current runs on the outside of a wire as well and even though its DC voltage there is still a kind of pulsating or small tickle of a wave from electron to electron. This creates vibration, that along with a wire that is heating up (and cooling down) allows for micro breaks and the potential for arcing. Bad cables, gauge and construction just don't play well with electricity. Just my two cents.
same issue as with sata power.
Exactly the kind of information I was looking for! Thank you, now I know how to mitigate the risk when I buy my new card.
If the piece of foil had fractured then it’s likely that it’s got a loose connection which would make the extra heat on the outside pins. Cutting the wire doesn’t leave you with a dodgy connection so no heating up. Please don’t do any electrical work as clearly you don’t understand what you are doing.
Scenario 1) Each cable consists of thin twisted wires. Lets say there are 20 thin wires per cable. Leave 2 connected and snip the rest. Now all of that power is going through 2 wires in the bundle. result? HEAT. Scenario 2) The soldered wire disconnects completely, but the plug applies enough pressure to keep the disconnected wire pinned up against the contact. Only a small contact patch remains. result? sparking and HEAT.
Molex and solder together just plain suck.
They should all be shipping with right angle connectors
Have the broken connector on the card and run it for 24hr none stop to see if anything melts.  it didn’t happen straight away to those affected it was after a few hours or even a few days of use.
Jay, the metal bracket that connects wires in the connector is called a BUS bar
you do good work..keep it up
Igor has a particular set of skills, he will find you, your product, and he will make sure to get it fixed 😂 Loving the coverage of the issue from everyone, especially how the community comes together to make stuff right rather than clambering over views; hats off to everyone involved in trying to get this sorted.
Metal fatigue will increase resistance,  increased resistance equates to increased power dissipation I^2R a clean break on the bus bar wouldn't  necessarily mean an increase in temperature but a stress fracture would be more likely the cause. Either way that's a really shoddy design.
Charging more than the price of a high quality tv for some cheap effort product is disgraceful NVIDIA are a joke,no wonder EVGA told them to fo
The pure disappointment in his posture whenever jay throwes the adapter on his desk.
I am wondering if it is not just that the connection to the pin breaks off and forces the other pins to take up the load, but because the broken pins are still bridging inside the connector increasing the resistance and causing them to get hotter as a result. I dont really understand electronics enough, but it doesnt make sense to me that it is the middle pins taking the load of the broken pins that is causing the connectors to start melting. because it is the outside pins that are starting to melt which are the pins that are supposedly the ones breaking their joints.  so it makes more sense that the broken joints are still bridging enough to push power through the pins at a higher resistance equaling a higher temperature. Just my two cents, i am most likely wrong but that is just how i am understanding the situation.
Jayz: 50%+ of reported cases are from one SKU: RTX 4090 TUF.   Probably worth investigating.
It’s going to be difficult for you to recreate the problem exactly. What I believe is going on is when the solder joints crack the tiny sliver of metal still joining the two will raise in resistance this causing heat until the connection is completely severed. That’s why you didn’t see a drastic raise in your test. Also loose connections depending on current and voltage values could also be causing micro arching which will again cause heat. Hope this helps! Side note they really should’ve stayed with wire to pin design instead of slapping solder joints on a bus system like that, just asking for problems.
I treat graphic cards just like cars on their 1st make/model... I DON'T buy them right away for reasons like this 😂🤣
Wow, that solder job is terrible. In fact that whole junction it atrocious... Looking at the inside, how did that pass QC!?!?! I notice no through-holes?!?  At least it looks like lead-free LOL. Looks like an engineer is going to lose his job. There seems to be a trend in declining quality in general these days.
This is a problem, but another factor should be taken into account. Poor handling by the user.  Absolutely nobody is going to admit they were "abusing" the cable before hand.
from the very beginning I thought it was something causing higher resistance to cause it to melt without a short. I just thught it was a batch of cheap pins not making good contact.
The most impressive thing about this is how a company with a net worth of $320 billion isn't able to correctly test their product for safety. Even an entry level electrical engineer would be able to look at this and immediately recognise this design as fundamentally terrible.  I guess this is what $1.6k gets you these days.
Try partially cutting the pad so the electricity has to go through a narrow piece of metal and see if that recreates the scenario you are trying to observe
Well, if the solder gets cracked inside the housing, that would lead to arcing because of the gap right? Especially at that level of power coursing through such a small connection point?
solid core wire would never be used on anything like this and jay should of known after his extension cord he made with solid copper. The cablemod cables appear to be just as good also as corsair
you got it all wrong, it's not the severed connection that creates the overheating due to resistance, it is a weak/loose or poor contact that creates the overheating. The smaller the contact point, the hotter the contact point will get if the same amount of power is going through the contact point. The outer connectors tends to overheat and melt because as the wires are bent sideways, the contact (solder joints) may partially break, but because they are still inside the molder plastic, the connection isn't complete severed, but instead now the contact is weak/loose or less, or having slight cap, which will result in overheating. Same with a connection that is not seated fully or straight, it creates a scenario where you now have less contact surface or weaker contact and the less contact will result in overheating.
This is what happens when you try to save pennies.
Right now I am just happy that I didn't start a fire by bios modding one of my RX6800s so it pulled over 680W out of 2 8-pin plugs and the PCIe slot
"Highly highly recommend you go look at this article-" Ok, one sec. "-and read it" Shit.
Those pins are too small to carry that much current. Woukd you expect to see that connector anywhere on your car other than for low power devices like a radio or sensor and computer wiring. You wouldnt see that on a heater motor or rear window defroster wiring or diesel glow plug wiring.
my EVGA Hybrid 3090 Ti FTW3 has the 12+4 pin on the card but EVGA only shipped them with just a 3 to 1 power connecter and it was only a 12pin it did not have the 4
Are these just on the Nvidia supplied cords?
As an electronics engineer student almost with the title, we know you need to put some backup, if you put 400w then make sure the cables can do a lot more before burning, think about an elevator, it supports like 10x the specified weight, in general you would only plan to have like 20% extra wiggle room, but you also need to test for possible errors, and this one is a basic test that should have been done as part of the durability tests, a bend like that could happen during shipping, when you put the material to ship a prebuilt, you can get that by moving the cable while building the system, it should have been discovered by Nvidia before releasing the adapter, like months to a year before.
Nvidia turned my PC into a space heater.
They are melting where the 2 contacts meet not at the back where the wires are soldered, meaning the contact point is where the heat is being generated. Unless the cards are not pulling power evenly across the 6 pins,  If the 4 center pins are disconnected it would be trying to pull the full current through the 2 end pins.
Have to wait until atx 3.0 psu to be readily available 😢
Whoever developed this plug should be arrested...
Nvidia doesn't care about you! lolwut
And put that wire inside a case, like 100.00% people would do with an RTX 4090. And wait for the summer to come and then measure the temperature again. Now we need water cooling for wires. How in the world a wire be so hot ? 60C on a open bench, for a wire ? Is this legal ? This is fire hazard. We need benchmarks for wires running at 40C vs running at 80C.
Housefires and wood screws strikes again
Honestly, if I'm not spending so much on a graphics card I shouldn't need to worry about silly design stuff like this fire hazard that would jeopardize life, goods, my home or the entire building or how it is even possible that this device was compliance ok with electrical/electronic safety regulation in any country even before of being overclocked or volt-moded while it is flowing currents of hundreds of ampere through a semiconductor. I'm not worried about my 230V AC 800W Toaster 2 or 3 pin plug, why should I worry a 12V DC x00 W Fournace Edition device with a funny multipin cable plug adaptor that acts as a fuse with light effects and plasma even magma and ozone generator I don't even plan to own? Feel free to keep looping/developing or summing up this argument forever in your brain or YT comments. If only it could make enough strong sound it'd be better called NVIDIA Lightning and Thunder RTX 4090 Power Adapter 12VHPWR and be sold in a separate box makes and vendors...oh wait! Or they could've limited the TDP to 225W raster and 300W Full and keep awway all the drama, hazard, questionable mandatory accesories and cooling... Pretty sure with the TDP limited to 50W or so it could beat an rx6600/XboxSX/PS5 and with TDP around 25W it beats a rx6400/XboxSS/PS4 Pro/rtx 3050 with passive cooling and the second maybe even without cooling at all. Don't you wanna test? Accepte the challenge and try with the sub 75W/ PCIE feeded RTX 4090 Eco.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ guys
How this passed QA testing is beyond me.
Now I’m scared shitless, my 4090 comes next week but will probably wait until the cablemod replacement cable comes
"They took something that worked and made it not work!" This surprised me. I thought only governments could do that!
Connector-Gate
Wouldn't the outside wires being broken mean they wouldn't have any power going through them. not enough to melt them?
About a month ago you were saying that if getting a 12VHPWR connector card, you recommended an ATX 3.0 power supply for the safety of not relying on the adapter connection and the extra precaution of the data wires being able to prevent additional power draw.  Just curious, after this testing, is your opinion still that you should get an ATX 3.0 or would you be comfortable using ATX 2.0 as long as there was a quality adapter like the one Corsair has made? I still went with ATX3.0 regardless because I think the benefits are worth it.  Thank you for the investigation and coverage on this issue!
damn nvidia done fucked up
4 cables are cheaper than 6. The cable should come with a warning to ensure everyone has house insurance.
Bean counters + greed = 🔥
Here is a little electrics 101 The problem is not with wires broken completely off. The problem comes when a solder joint cracks or breaks off, but touches slightly. A bad connection will produce much more heat, compared to if it disconnected completely and forcing the other cables to carry the full load. If the card draws 615 watt at 12 volts, it's drawing 51.25 amps. That devided over the 4 wires is 12.8 amps pr. wire, and the wires look like they are what, at least 10 AWG and are rated for 35 amps each. Even if you broke off 2 wires leaving you with only 2 connected ones, each will only draw 25.6 amps, and they are rated for 35 amps, so no problems there. The distribution plate is thin yes, but also has a large cross section, so no problem there. The problem comes from bad connections in broken solder joints. To recreate the problem, you must break off a solder joint, and just lay the wire on the connection barely touching. Then you will see heat. Hope that makes sence.  Keep up the good work Jay.
Why don't keep three slots on card🤔
EVGA probably knew about this...
Honestly seeing a common pattern in almost all technical designs, these days, with them being over-designed; seemingly for the sake of it. It's like they got rooms full of over excited, inexperienced engineers trying to design a ladder, using a rocket engine and a particle accelerator..
Idk why I keep watching these videos. 4090's are out of stock everywhere, and I haven't had my side panel on since the 30 series launched ( my case it a hotbox)
damn i glad i don't have this problem  because i don't have the problem device
Those look like cold solder joints (Igors lab one) as well, very prone to breaking with any movement. i assume the machine doing it is not setup properly Here's a thought, of the plug was still covered would it then overheat? Cover it it Electrical tape or any tape to trap heat and see what happens
#1 Contact resistance -  #(2)Next guess would be its firmware fault where the outer pins are pulling more current than the pins are rated for in some weird math error in the firmware xD  I've seen a few plugs fail and its all about contact resistance, heat speeds up oxidation of metal. Both the pins & jackets are probably nickel coated which helps with preventing corrosion, however... if you add heat to this process, for nickel, it will oxidise, probably not super pure nickel either so that will affect the temperature that it will have on the nickel plating, maybe Nickel Plated Brass.   Anyway poor contact with the mating surfaces will create a lot heat and its because oxidised metal pretty much an insulator that creates more resistance thus more heat...repeat.  Not convinced on the removal of 2 pin will cause a plug to melt like that  450w is only 37.5amps at 12v, divide that by 4, gives you 9.3amps per cable or 6.25amps per pin, that cable will do 20~25amps by itself (EACH) with maybe a little warmth but not enough to melt the plastic or the insulation which is rated for 110c+ which looks like PA6 but might be wrong on that plastic type   As for the broken plate solder points ,(I'm being sarcastic here) last time I checked broken connections don't act as very good conductors aka no power at all so why would the outside pins melt if there's no power going to them, and if it was barely making contact that corrosion would show at that break point as well.
People are being way too hard on NVidea.  They make their cards so affordable.  This sort of thing is bound to happen from time to time.
24V GPUs incoming~
I have NO idea what possessed Nvidia to make the insane 12 pin connector/adaptor to 4 x 6 pin PCIe connector assembly but whatever, they've made several GROSS engineering errors in the process.  The first, which was bothering me, was that the number of pins didn't match the number of wires, so they were doing something 'dodgy' or unapproved in the construction of it. I wondered if they were crimping more than one wire into a single female crimp terminal, which is distinctly 'amateur'.  Tearing it apart revealed something even WORSE. Those soldered wires aren't even STRESS RELIEVED. Why is that important ? Well. the crimp terminals thatrely on a high pressure crimp termination ( no soldering) *** ALSO have a stress relief built into them ***. The crimping tool deforms 2 parts of the contact. 1. the wire termination and 2, a stress relief that grips on the *INSULATION* of the wire, not the actual copper wire. THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT !  Because thar assembly has NO (proper) STRESS RELIEF, that's exactly how wires can be bent and SEVERED (broken) ! The load current then has to go through the other remaining pins remaining, increasing the AMPs per power pin and increasing the heat generated by *THE SQUARE* of that increased current, i.e. DOUBLY *BAD*.  Frankly IMHO if Underwriters Labs looked at that 12 pin 'dooh-dah' they'd bin any approval it may have gained (unlikely actually) on the basis it'll probably FAIL in service and be a likely fire hazard.  FYI, the copper foil used in circuit boards is normally 35 or 70 microns (micrometres) thick (industry standards). If the width of that trace/track is 5mm then it's equivalent to a wire gauge of only 0.35mm2 which is **** 22 AWG *** at BEST ! Seriously do Nvidia want to draw 40+ Amps through 22 AWG ? OK, the load is spread out and there's solder on top which conducts too but *** SERIOUSLY *** ?  Nvidia have BADLY DROPPED THE BALL here and a redesign from the ground up that properly handle a LOT of current is *required*. There can be no saving face by the idiot management. It needs to be fixed and fixed right NOW !  To be honest, this just looks like an amateurish BODGE to me. I suspect there may be a legal action waiting to go if they don't fix it too. Nvidia have now been TOLD that their engineering (I use the term advisedly) STINKS !  FYI, I looked up the specs of those Molex crimp terminals and one thing that stood out is that their current rating PLUMMETS when you use a wire of less than 16 AWG. They *KNOW* that the terminals run hot and are RELYING ON THE WIRE TO REMOVE HEAT ! The terminal are rated at around ONLY 7 Amps per pin when used with 16 AWG but it rapidly drops to ONE Amp with 20 AWG. You really have to inspect product specifications like a HAWK for this kind of thing. I'm sure plenty of cheap Chinese PCIe power leads skimp on the wire and thus reduce the curernt/power rating of the connector.  Just a 68 year old, very experienced Consultant Engineer here. 'Kids' typically don't or can't grasp this level of detail sadly, which is exactly how Nvidia screwed up.
WTG M8.. Keep up the good work...
if the solder joint is breaking and the wire is still close enough you will get an arc which causes a lot of heat.
But if you had higher resistance to the outer pins they’d have less current flowing through them & by extension you’d have more current flowing through the inner pins.  There must also be some power management on the other side such that it cannot be represented as flowing into a single channel after the connector.    i.e. You’d expect the inner pins to fail if the outer pins had a higher resistance.  Thus it must not be a simple circuit that can be represented as a parallel set of resistors as the demand for power across the pins must be somewhat independent where significant power was still being sent over those outer pins pins because it was still flowing to an imbalance/void not being satisfied by the power delivered from the inner pins… which we haven’t seen yet but is how most people are representing the problem. (Tried to explain without terminology so hopefully this still makes sense)
That shitty ass cable looks hand soldered, very reliable.
Quality control failed.  Some low bid contractor/supplier ?
I feel bad for 4090 owners I think before I upgrade again it would be great to wait
I will be waiting for the 4090ti then, thanks.
when a five dollar 90 degree adapter can save face and arrogance kicks in
Lol i was hoping youd see that^^
I  wouldn't even be mad if GPU's just started using a 24-pin motherboard plug.
By now I'm pretty sure the melted connectors are fake
Are those connectors really soldered? I thought they were crimped because that SOP for low resistance connections.
If they are adamant about this style of connector, they need to have both left and right side bent cable adaptor kind of like what cable mod does with their custom cables
Even if I had the money, I'm boycotting nvidia. Dude has lost his freaking mind!
its so dissapointing having someone with all the information and ressources at hand, to fail to do a proper job of testing the issue that allready was explained by someone else.  *Its not that the wires that are left over, pulling 450W is the issue*... its a partally broken pad, or a loose contact slightly thouching the pad that is the issue.  *The smaller cross sectional area of a partial brake, or a loose conection increases the resistance* through that conection. That is casusing the extreme temps on the outer pins...   Like seriously, how fucking stuborn do you have to be... at 3:50 he made the good point were the issue lies, he even corrected himslef at 3:56 that it is not a "breaking of", but a "crack"... but then continues with this narrative of the wire being disconnected 4:09 :'0  Jay never fails to dissapoint my expectaions...  Someone, please send a knowledgable guy over there to fact check the shit he says. Pay him 200k a year, I dont care, but Jay cant be continuing to talk this much nonesense with the size of a plattform he has.
Seems pretty obvious once you cut it open.  If you develop a poor solder connection, you are going to get a lot of heat and resistance. I was wondering how they were channeling 4 plugs into 6 pins.
If its purely a cable construction issue, proper strain relief should be a pretty easy fix, certainly something you do yourself.
So, basically NVidia is using a 4 way SLI Power Delivery 🤣
The problem is that Corsair does not have any 12vhpwr cables in stock. So how are we going to avoid using the adapter if we can't even get normal cables?
Rather than the foil being too thin, could the heat be caused by: a solder joint breaks, and the wire pulls away from the foil, BUT a very tiny part of the wire/solder remains touching the foil, and the very small surface area of _that_ connection causes high heat?
Honestly i think the problem is the deformation or thinning (not the complete breakage) of the metal foil, just enough to make temps go up.
Hi Jay, I used to be battery tester on NiCad/Li-ion, the killer is down to resistance and timing. If the resistance on the plug gets hot enough it will build up oxide surround those pins, it stays hot over 70C and will increase in temperature as oxide build increase. It can take 100 hours more or less till the plug get so hot it eventually starts to smoke and that where the danger becomes.
What a horrible soldering job. A long time ago when I went to avionics school, you'd fail if you couldn't still see the strands of wire. The point of soldering isn't to get the largest glob of solder you can on it.
igor has always been the goat
So, do they actually talk to an engineer when they come up with these designs, or do they just hit up some bum on the street for his opinion for a can of beer and a pack of smokes?
They need to crimp the wires for sure.
Don’t use adapters. Contact your PSU manufacturer and ask them for a new cable. If they don’t have it yet either get a new PSU, or don’t get a 40-series until you do.
so ATX 3.0 power supply to avoid the issue. got it.
why have they not fabricated a protected 90* connector yet?
Since the connector itself holds everything tightly together, if the pad/solder joint were to break in usage, it would likely be a situation where it either has less contact on that point than before (increasing the resistance), or it is completely broken and arcing, both of which would cause an increase in temperature. Just a thought for why testing with a complete breakage like you did may not produce the same results.
If i have understood igor correctly he said that a loose contact is causing the overheating. So not when its completely cut off. If the contact is broken but still slightly touches the surface (on off on off on off..). Thats why u couldnt replicate the issue here i guess.
It's easy to see why this is happening. Nvidia don't want a silly little cable to eat in to their massive margins. They want to keep those margins they got from the great GPU shortage days.
Proper connection would be crimping. Anything soldered should be discarded anyway. No way a company would do such stuff without knowing to loose reputation. lol
Nvidia: "nah"
So, Cablemods to the rescue?
the heat and melting probably comes from the current arcing over a bad connection, so its broken off but still touching, so u go from a for example 0 ohms connection to a 200 ohm connection, wich effectively turns the bad connection into an electric heating element
I'm really not surprised by this. Your putting more and more watts through smaller and smaller wires. Id never trust any combined plug.
Just use an RJ45 and POE
It's dc when the soldering is broke and still getting power you will have short dc connection this problem will increase temperature and  melts  the plastic and the wire like the battery in the car if its not tied so good on dc the cables eventually will melt It's obvious
Like I said before multiple times, you can’t push 55 amps across a cable or plate if it’s not the right/correct gauge. And I’m NOT an engineer!
Lol issue easily resolved. Now nVidia fans can have neat cable routing with a proper cable and AMD fans can look at a battery of the old pcie plugs on the next gen AMD cards.
Good analysis.  In any case, these shouldn't be soldered connections to begin with, everything should be crimped.  This is just bad design 101.
Would a badly ventilated case make a difference on the plug? So temperatures around the connector aren't around 20C, but much higher as the GPU fills the case with hot air?
you are all bending it wrong
And Nvidiots still buy Nvidia.
Jay is really trying to promote corsair new cord and psu. Lol. Anyway why is someone bending the cord left to right, even vertically mounted or side mounted on a lian li case u don't bend the cable that way. Seems far fetched to me
What did Jays Nvidia contact person mail him? "It's no problem. Trust me, bro! ;)!" 🤡
if the pad is broken then the circuit is open. not logical in case of the outer sides of the plug melting. if all the current is going through the middle wires then the middle pins should be hottest and they should melt. you said that if both side wires were disconnected then it would make sense that the side pins are melting and this is nonsense. the only logic is middle pins taking more load and melting the middle of the plug. still a mystery why the side pins are melting instead of the middle ones.
Bus bar?
RECALL THIS NOW!!! holy crap. Igor's lab proves us all wrong, me especially, but shows that the math I was using (based on using crimped pins) was the wrong approach because Nvidia didn't even crimp the pins!
Seems like a classic case of "if it ain't broke, don't fix it". I don't see why they changed from the old power wire
Is it just me or did Nvidia again try to save a penny at the wrong place…
Might be OT but i had a similar thing happen years ago on the 24pin atx connector, i think its just drawing too much current through an insufficient connection.
i can not find that cable anywhere
radius...
Nvidia being cheapskates
Ohm's law... partially broken connections get hot due to high resistance. Power=I^2*R. Fully broken connections just share the load across the remaining wires with more current per wire. With 4 wires, 500w through 4 wires is ~10A per wire, plenty for safety. 500W through 3 wires in the broken wire case is ~14A, also reasonable. Now for a single partial break with 0.1 of an ohm resistance in any wire, as much as a watt could be dissipated just in the resistance of the terminal - enough heat to melt plastic. Solution is better connectors, better strain relief.
Man I think Nvida needs to redesign the cable  in some way so they can fix this issue here. I am glad that AMD is NOT going this route with the rx 7000 series cards. Buildzoid has even more info on this topic. He goes into detail on where the actual trouble spot is on these power cables. If you look at the Nvdia made cables the pins have 2 splits in them while the OEM made ones from like Corsair and Cable Mods have only 1.
You haven’t created a short in the circuit.  Removing the wire from the relay I don’t think will create the problem as the rest of the connections are good.  ReCreate the crack in the solder to increase the resistance in that leg and see what happens.
Bad design.  The small connectors have strain relief but the main connector doesn't have any strain relief.
High know a lot about fire. Broken joint bad.
They can’t even design a safe electrical wire, that is the reason, and they designed a card that I can’t use at first floor because it may shut down the circulation, mf.
Shouldn't there be a recall notice by now? Or are they waiting until someone's house burns down before incurring that cost?
It still makes NO sense why they would use this new connector that just adds more complexity. Now you've got this disgusting mess of multiple 8-pin connectors which could just connect nicely to the video card, no issue, no fires, and backwards compatible. This 12VHPWR adapter is the most stupid and unnecessary thing.
TL;DR: Nvidia cut costs and included shitty adapter to a £2000 product... Imagine buying your Tesla and charging port failing after using quick charging station... What the actual fuck. Now take CableMod and official replacement cables, strip them down and compare the build quality. These things are NOT cheap...
Feels to me that nvidia laid off people two years ago, one of those people was the one person in charge of the connectors and board power design, hired someone at last minute, trusting the recruiter, only to go and sell this garbage... Now people are cutting open these fire hazards, to see what is going on. Basically, Igor's and Jays findings show a built in fuse in the connector, that will break if stressed, or looked at funny way, start arching inside the connector, causing heat and burning the plug... Uhh, someone is getting fired at nvidia, literally.
Current does not increase resistivity. Power (heat generated) however scales with the square of current, so if you only have 2 wires instead of 4, you will have twice the current per wire thus 4 times the heat being generated in each wire.
Good going corsair
So from what I've heard this is a problem with Nvidia's adapter? Not an issue with a single cable straight from a new atx 3.0 power supply?
Jay, i absolutely know what the problem is, and what igors lab foubd is just a part of it. Im a eletronics engering student, i had never designed or sold a product that worked expect for one pcb thay my friend solder it and we found on some site. Based on all the experience i had rsrs, i know you dont try and jam four connections into one with high power passing through, that just dumb hahaha, it was prone to fail from the start. Nvidia should better.
It just works!
Tonight on JaysTwoMysteries:  Plugs, cards, melting. 3 things in common pc enthusiasts are increasingly encountering. Tonight we delve into the mystery of melting power plugs.  [unsolved mysteries jingle]
You need to make sure the broken cables are super close to the torn off part, like if they were in the sleve. That could create lightarchs which is the real danger of melting.
Now I just wish the Corsair adapter would come back in stock
Yeah, happy with my 3000 series. Thanks JaiGor
The problem is you're not creating an arc gap.  You have to have the break, but leave it close enough to arc.  When stuck in the connector, it's going to be a 1mm gap, if even that.  An arc at the lowest temperature it's possible to generate one is going to be about 1500 to 2000 degrees.  It's just when it's small (literally the width of a few electrons) everything around the point of impact/arc bridge can absorb the heat.  However, when it's a prolonged exposure that adds up real fast.  Additionally, you don't even need a clean break that would cause an arc. Close enough to pass electricty and not create an arc generates quite a bit of heat as well.  That's what causes your CPU to get so warm via the contact points on the LGA.  Think of this phenomenon like adding a heatsink with no fans or thermal paste to a CPU, and without overtemp protection.  Sucker is going to get hot.  It may take awhile depending on how good your contact plates interface, but it will eventually get there.
It appears these adapters could even be broken in the assembly process after being soldered or even packaged. You could also just have people going around bending these adapters now because people like that are out there
Great video, Jay. It's SOLDERED though!
This is a rich people problem.
That’s why you need “unit” testing for hardware.
Where can I order one and not wait weeks to receive it?
So I was on the right track with my last comment. The safety precautions/build quality aren't good enough. Nvidia took their own working adapter and made it worse. GJ
To recreate the problem instead of breaking of the wire completely you should probably leave it loosely touching the solder point. That should generate much more heat. As you mentioned in the video, the solder pad of Igor's connector broke off after he pulled the rubber off. Before that there was still some loose contact between the wire and the pad. That loose connection probably caused some sparks to occur and it generated enough heat to melt the plastic.   Arcing When electricity jumps across a gap between two conductors and creates a spark, the phenomenon is called arcing. As the electricity ionizes the air to produce the spark, it produces heat at the same time. Arcing near an electric outlet can create enough heat to melt the plastic. It can be caused by a loose connection on one of the hot terminal screws, by a poor connection inside the outlet or by a loose clamp that doesn't hold the plug securely enough. Outlet clamps wear out, given enough time, or they can be loosened when plugs are pulled out often and carelessly.
Part of the problem is you "cut" the wire. What you should do is break the tab, but leave it in the connector. There may also be arcing going on that is causing the heat increase and "melting" due to the broken solder tab still being in the connector.
soldering plugs that heat up while in use? Very dumb. It also adds medium transfer resistance. it's why we use crimp connectors.
Low quality crap in other words. Like all such and similar adaptors always are.
so nvidia is cheaping out on the cable, on a $2000 gpu, i'm not surprised.
Should have just used schuko plug and thats it. It is rated for up to 3680 watts of power!
So it was a broken connection after all, who would have thought that the card simply keeps on drawing even with less rails connected. That sounds like something that should have a safety measure in place to stop it from happening. With all the insanely talented engineers at Nvidia, how did this make it out to the customer i wonder...
I knew this shit was gonna be a problem when the first videos came out. This is why I waited to snag an atx 3 psu, was not gonna put a $1600 card in my rig powered by some sketchy adapter
I've watched both videos, and I see you still don't understand why they're melting.
" nothing to see here lookieloos " nvidia says... 🤦🏼‍♂️
Too bad Corsair's new 12 pin cable is never in stock.
Maybe you should not cut out the wire completely but damage it to keep very small surface (area) of contact (between wire and this metal foil or sth).  That will allow to transfer the DC with wire but the resistance in that damaged place will be high enough to produce the heat that will start to melting this plastic connector.
Good work. Just another reason why I always let a generation pass on any new hardware releases
@JayzTwoCents you are forgetting thermal characteristics. The plug is normally insulated with the Rubber/Plastic covering, which helps to retain heat. For proper testing under these circumstances you’d need to verify the broken solder joint with a cable that hasn’t had the plastic removed. You can test continuity with a multimeter. Once you can verify there is a pin no longer electrically connected you can test for temperatures under load.
Direct crimp to pin is the way to go.  Solder actually makes wires more brittle when they are saturated with it.  That is why solder isn't heavily used in automotive wiring harnesses.  I would never use this adapter.  I would be modifying the hell out of this thing (Or make my own connector) If I needed to power an Nvidia card.
But jay, if the side pins are broken, the middle pins should have more load and melt, yet the side pins are burned more often.
Sooner or later, graphics cards will need huge power cables like car stereo amps. : )
This is what I was expecting. The "sense" wires don't actually sense anything, just a false peace of mind. They should just direct wire everything, and have the card have current sensing on each pin, with no solder. This is the only way to know for certain your connector isn't melting.
Don't see why the outer pins would burn if these are disconnected due to a break. Surely the connector is not the problem. It's the construction off the adapter that's the problem. An adapter with 12 wires connected to the sockets would be fine. Any heat from the contact resistance would be dissipated trough the wire. With the foil the heat transfer from the outer socket into the wire is poor and could lead to overheating.
I really want to know if Nvidia will recall those pins and reimburse people who bought the cards
Why are these cables legal?
This new connector should of never been created...wasn't needed in the first place and clearly wasn't tested in the first place or for long enough. Don't fix something if it isn't broken
NVidia: we tested, there is no problem at all, after months of testing in labs Tech community: problem identified and reason identified in 1 week.  what's the NVidia revenues??? How many engineers are working there???
So, basically, Nvidia decided that something that has worked since the inception of the ATX power supply with hardly any issues whatsoever...needed to be reinvented? Because...?
Could be low temp solder they are using I can see that the bar acts like shut bar the more current pulled thru the bar the hotter it gets should have been a clamp connection for each wire if they have to solder if they wanted solder with each wire in a clamp the wire would not break than. Someone trying to say like at what I did but they went to far out of the box over some details in their design.
hahahaha and nvidia said... it just works man....no.. no it dont man !
Whoever thought it would be a good idea to solder heavy cables that WILL be bent to a small contact point needs to be demoted
3:45 Everyone already knew of this problem. It literally says in the manual not to bend It side to side
Resistance isn't heat, amperage is. High resistance leads to high amperage to maintain the same voltage.
I am so god damn glad that my PSU didn't come with enough adapters and I have to undervolt to 450w.
Having it just cracked and barely touching is probably worse than not touching at all. The arcing across the air gap is going to make a lot more heat
Igor is a treasure. Everyone not following him should start doing so.
My guess is that the overload on the remaining circuits isn't causing the melting, but rather the arcing by the loose/broken soldered joint is causing the melting.
Just put it in a normal case and watch what happens. I think the case temp will get very hot real fast, making the temp delta to melting mutch smaller
make a proper robust cable: i sleep make shit tier plug that breaks with the most little meddling with it?*eyes glowing* REAL SHIT
Cutting the wire probably isn't recreating the issue for you because in defective plugs the cracked and or cracked and disconnected pins can still touch when the plug heats and they can begin arcing and creating intermittent high resistance connection.
is Nvidia unaware that larger gauge wires exist? Why run a slew of small wires into a tiny 12-pin connector instead of making a longer pigtail out of 2 10-ga wires?
Couldn't this cause Arcing also if the wire is completely off and it manages to slightly touch say from the tower shaking with kids playing with or you have the side panel off to fit for the cable and a cat is playing with cable....just thinking of examples of possible ways
Its probably all that crappy lead free solder they use now.
Nvidia is like Bethesda. They depend on the community to fix their broken product.  I was going to say something about Nvidia ought to hire engineers to design and test things before just hashing something together. Then, I realized that there probably WAS someone who said, "hey, this is going to be an issue in actual use," and management ignored the person who knows what they're talking about because management thinks they know better than the people who really do.
For the kind of money that Nvidia wants and the fact their force feeding people this new plug standard you'd think they would have been cautious in quality control at launch to avoid those kind of issues.
I'll simplify this, you know what the problem is? Someone though it was a good idea to add adapters and join 4 connectors to just 1. You know what would have fixed it? Just used 4 frigging connectors on the GPU! 4 out of the PSU, 4 in the GPU. That simple
One of the problems is that the female pins in the cable have a gap in the middle, when you bend sideways the gap opens up and the connection will fail eventually and especially when when you change from sideways to straight, which people are doing now.
Should we just pin the wires like we always have? Easily repairable and cheap to produce? Nahh.. Let's solder a bunch of wires next to eachother. Like really really close to eachother. It's a Bit** to fix and more expensive to produce.  Internal Research suggests the soldered connection may only be good for give or take 30 plug cycles? Is that up to our standards?  Well, it is in our interest. GPUs get sold used all the time! Wouldn't it be nice if those customers have to pick up a brand new defective cable from us? Cause they can't trust the previous owner of the GPU? We're thinking really smart here at the roundtable on the Top Floor. We don't care what the engineers think. Sports Cars for all of us! We did well!!  Just embarassing... Whoever signed off on that 30 cycle nonsense deserves to be fired. That should not be up to snuff for any Techie.
your explanation doesnt make sense. if the end wires are the ones breaking and the full load is now going to only the inner pins then the inner pins would be the ones heating up. if the outer pins are broken off and disconnected then it would be impossible to heat them up. A disconnected wire has zero resistance and there are no electrons flowing. there is zero heating up of those pins because they are disconnected. If pins are heating up to the point of melting plastic then there is either a very slight connection of the broken solder joint making all that current flow through something with huge resistance and nowhere near the guage to handle the current, or power to ground is being shorted within the plug, or something like that. You also keep referring to the watts as being the culprit. Watts is just volts times amps. The watts could be the same number and be perfectly fine or be melting shit depending on the current. The current is what matters. if these pins are all 12v and the card will see 450W max then thats 450/12=37.5A. 14 guage wire can handle 15A max. and if there's 4 of them then 37.5/4=9.375A each.. If two of the wires disconnect forcing all the load onto 2 wires then its 37.5/2=18.75A each. Which is above the 15A maximum. So it would be the connected wires that are being overloaded and melting. So if the outer wires are the ones melting then i would assume its the outer wires that are remaining connected while the inner wires are being disconnected.. Which is the opposite of what youre saying is going on... I have a 3090ti that ill be paying off long past when the 4090ti drops and stops being the new fad everyone is rushing to buy.. i dont hav ethe luxury of gettinga n ew card whenever i want it. Whatever is causing this issue i actually need to find out so i can stop it from happening. Otherwise ill be without a pc for months. that would be very annoying.
Solder has less throughput, than copper
To me it looks like you had troubles recreating the issue simply because no connection = no heat, poor connection = lots of heat, so it seems that as long as the cable/pin breaks clean off it is less dangerous than just having a crack in solder
Poor solder gives apple vibes.  Distant Louis Rossman noises.
RX 7900 XT it is assuming that’s what it’s called from AMD
i think it depends on the quality of the cable.
I love it how the 3090 had issues and then these cards. It was very clear that these cards could have issues because of the 1 to 4 cable. Pepega Invidia thinking that this was a good Idea based upon esthetic.
I think instead of the pad completely breaking it partially breaks increasing resistance and heat on the pin. Completely breaking would cause current increase in the center pins and they would be the ones that could melt instead of the corner ones.
still, that's just a crappy design! User bending it or not is not a justification for the failure. They should just make a bigger plug, there is plenty of space on that giant :D
Uhh my 3060 doesnt melt cables.
It just works ha
Now the big question. If 4 wires can power 600W, the why did we need 3 or 4 8-pins on older cards? Why a new connector? Why can't 2 8-Pins, which are 6 ground and 6 power lines, power the biggest card; even a 4090. I know the 8-Pin is rated at 150W, but I'm confused when 1 6 pin power and 6 ground pins goes to 600W. This is just bizarre. Please chime in if you know why I'm stupid. I would appreciate the lesson!
I solder a lot for aircraft avioncis equipments, there is always a limit radius you can band those wire goes into the connector, we always keep a service loop which is a extra length of the wire to let technicians pull out those connector much easier, also not create any tension in the wire may break the connector. However, if the solder just broke off that easy in the video, that is definitely a bad soldering. It is more likely to break the actually wire while the solder joint still intact.
I don't agree with this. If there was a bad solder joint the heat would either come from the bad joint itself or the pins still connected to the good joint, it wouldn't come from the pin connected to the bad joint.
Funny that with a pricetag of 2000$ there wasn't enough money to put two more wires into the connector...
What if the thin piece of metal break and leaving all of one phase or plug in a single pin of the 6 pin
But it also happened with native connectors, without the adapter
Well from a cost perspective... anybody willing to fork over $1600 for a GPU should be able to fork over a bit more for some legit aftermarket cables lol  If I bought one I'd be PISSED
Let’s see how Nividia handles this after saying you’re making something out of nothing.
so this is all due to shitty souldering?!
I wonder if the solder fails, would the bottom section of the plug hold it in place?  If so it may make intermittent/partial connection, it may increase temperature.
Nvidia should've made cables like Corsair straight to the power supply...
Ya no this shit only happens in YouTube videos lol im using all this stuff with no issues. Alot of these issues are created for show. To make content.
This is a class action lawsuit waiting to happen
Jay, do you think AMD will rescind their "reconsideration" of ATX 3.0 and design a better cable?
Loose connections are where the heat come from. Creating extra resistance in the connection. I find it all the time in the automotive world. Usually cause by rodent damage, a worn out connector or someone not installing something correctly.
Why do you think that completely disconnecting the outside wires would cause the outside terminals to heat up? It wouldn't, there is no current flowing thru them. The likely cause is resistance increasing from the bends and/or the connector partially failing at the solder which creates a much smaller path for the electricity to flow because smaller path equals more resistance and/or it also could be that the solder connections fails, but the distance between the failure is small enough or caused by movement that the solder and wire are arcing inside the connector.
Not all 30 series had it, the 3090 Ichill x4 is two separate connections.
So what you are saying is 4090 owners have the money for that car but not custom cables... Got it.
So a cascade failure is not what this EE said?  Lordy Jay.
I see this with fuse holders in high powered car audio ALL THE TIME. The connection isn't tight causing resistance and it makes the fuse holder melt. Same thing here. High current and connections that aren't soldered.
The problem is always the same, saving a few pennies to make a bigger profit.  Sod the quality, just get it done.
Jay, the relevant resistance for this problem is in poor connections not completely cut ones. All the wires in this cable are capable of being overloaded for extended periods on their own and you'd shorten the lifespan of the product dramatically but nothing like down to less than a month. Those wires can break out of their welds/crimps all they want, but they're still surrounded by plastic and can't get away from the "metal foil" so there's going to be making some contact or .maybe even jumping whatever air gap may exist and that is where heat comes in and that is what is making this a launch disaster instead of a long term failure.
I would be interested in your thoughts and review of cablemods replacement cable they just came out with for the 4090 & 3090ti, would be a great replacement
At this point it just one of unlucky defectives.
So other words it's a manufacturing issue and nothing more and easily corrected by sending out new wiring harnesses that are modified. Nothing new in this industry. Quality control issue mainly as most companies are guilty of that.
Jay stop butchering numbers
i feel like these plugs are the ones where they cut corners on cost and now its biting them in the arse
Who allowed Them to put this in Peoples Homes? LAWSUIT
NVIDIA doing again!!!
I could not want for anything less than a 4000 series card.
Well, in last the century human build space rocket and human step on the moon land... In 2022 we can't design proper connectors :| what a regress!
Just don't buy nvidia. Problem solved.
Perdón por la expresión, pero éste nuevo conector es simplemente basura. En pruebas de laboratorio soportará más de 600W pero la vida real no es ningún laboratorio, en ella los conectores deben de ser fiables a la hora de conectarse, de soportar tensión en los cables y de ser duraderos y ésta cosa no cumple ninguno de esos requisitos.
I honestly am not sure. You'd need to exceed 105 degrees to go past the connector's intended operating range and the connector pins themselves appear internally shorted for these adapters so the current should spread somewhat . Even with just two 14AWG cables you shouldn't have THAT kind of catastrophic failure. Unless you maybe damage to the point only a single cable is doing all the lifting and/or it where to turn out they where so cheaply made they wouldn't match the regular CEM-5 connector's ratings...
Using solder contacts in place of crimp contacts is fine, it is even preferred in some cases but generally crimping is used as it is cheap to automate and you can use contacts that have a built in strain gauge. What you will find in any harness manufacturing standard or any soldering standard is that a soldered multicore wire must have a strain gauge to protect the solder joint. And even if we forget this, any engineer who has ever built a cable or done some DV testing on a PCBA knows that the cables need to be secured in place or the solder joint/cable will fail. I can't even imagine how this made it to serial production.
Jay please take a look at Cablemods 12VHPWR adapters and cables.
That doesn't make sense for wear some of these are melting. Melting at the bottom of the pin would indicate that the pin itself is the hot spot.
It's ridiculous that Nvidia would cheap out this much on a $1600 item. And how did this get thru any decent QA testing? This should have a real PCB based distribution system. Not a single bead of solder.
Good catch 👍
Alright, lets wait for the 5000 series.... 1080ti is still good and wont burn, lol
Or we would like, redesign this stupid standard? Its not a good idea to have so much current flowing through such tiny connector
"if you haven't seen the first video, congrats on avoiding misinformation as I rush out videos to capitalize on clicks."
So with the cables, it’s not “silicon lottery”, it’s “solder lottery!”
Something we also forget : Case temperature...  On open air (20°C) it might be fine, but inside a computer case it idles around 35°C, so that's a 15°C uplift already added to the heat of the connector. This Delta temperature is also much higher under heavy load of the PC
"Whoopsie-doodle!"
Think will skip this card and go AMD just because.
Its what they call a shamless plug...
Can someone enlighten me on how a 12 pin (6×12v 6×Gnd) can pull more watts than a pair of comparable similar gauge dual 8 pins? Same number of power and ground cables, but half the rated watts. (150w per 8pin)
Is Paul also testing this.?...he's probably just kicking back with both feet on his desk and having a beer 🙂
This shit just shows were at our limit on the technology of the pci-e connectors for performance cards and the like. I realize most people will bend the damn cord 1 time maybe 3 in the life of a case and card but anyone who constantly swaps out parts and the like, this is dangerous and ive no clue how it did not come out in in testing, and i truly hope if it did show up,  evga doesnt go bankrupt with the lawsuits. We need a single solid wire solution for high watts, gotta be a way to use a solid cord and have the connected parts do all the communicating to the different sources the pci-e wires do and if we cant figure that out, its not really a option to just keep using these damn cords for this high of volts, or at the minimum find a company to engineer a actually safe one
As others have stated, a completely cut off wire/solder joint would not trigger the failure, most probable cause is the solder breaking of but slightly making contact thus raising resistance, and even maybe arcing
Im just surprised PSU dont have a arc fault breaker inside them like new houses do. One loose connection and little arcs would cause a breaker to pop or light turn on. Would be cool to see that
Build quality, what build quality, looks like it been soldered by a drunken monkey
looks like the engineers got there way when they submitted the new redesign. It looks like it was over engineered just to be over engineered.
I have a MSI gaming trio X, what do I do now. Never opened the box
What happens if you only plug the two extensions in with the Sense IO? Leave two empty, plug in those two.  Does the GPU still try to pull since it can see the ground?
As a RTX 4090 owner I'm disappointed this is a problem I need to be concerned about
a great fix is a electronic ball joint  because think of it  one end is a cup and another the ball  left right up down the wire don't break
Can someone link me to Corsairs replacement wires for the 12pin?
They just need to go to real power connectors.. the kind which use a much larger gauge pin connector, rather than keep using these flimsy little low power/signal molex connectors. A pair of high-current amphenol connectors would work great.
honestly those cables that came out of a 30 or 40 series....they do look awful, they could have been better
So long story short, don’t use the included cables.
So ideally, we should just use a PSU with dedicated 12wHWPR cable , right?
At this point, Nvidia has become such a disrespectful disappointment taking advantage of us, we should out them and let them fall
I smell recall of ALL 4090s and class action lawsuit. We know Nvidia knew about this.  Did someone checked up if Andrew Han is a seer?
AMD save us!!!
JayZ50cent
So basically the safest thing to do would be to solder the VGA power wires directly to the solder points on the GPU? 🤣
At least the custom cables if done properly seem to be a safe option.  Something is going to need to change with this though, only a matter of time before something really bad happens.  Sad thing is, all of you were talking about this before they launched.
Is it the adapter that causes the melting or the plug
Should be a much easier fix than originally thought, but incredibly disappointing that Nvidia would drop the ball so much.
Making a cable with solder joints is just asking for problems. You know it going to be moved around.
These cards are rare too...imagine if Nvidia had massive stock piles ready to go or other models to go like 4080 4070 all at once...failures would be happening like crazy and I'm sure they still are once people use them enough
What about nvidia's adapter to 3x8pin? I have 4090 from inno3d that has such. Is the risk of failure bigger or smaller on these? To be honest I am afraid to plug it out, see that everything is ok, and damage it while plugging it back... so far I game on it for about 10 days with no issues at all. I touched it with my hand after a session of playing DL2 and Cyberpunk and the plug seemed to be cold.
At that current solder should not be used. A crimp is superior connection.
NVIDIA and the certification company that actually certified these plugs to be capable of this power draw needs to issue a recall or a design modification to go to a dedicated plug, and or an actual PCB in line adapter that takes the 8/16/25/32 pins with direct connection to the pcb and then combines them through an overbuilt circuit board to be able to output the 6 positive and 6 negative 12 volt power leads to the video card with 12 actual leads (plus the 4 small ones).
I'm curious, does the benchmark used maximize power draw? If not, that might a limiting factor when testing this. Last time I undervolted my GPU, the power draw was much lower during a benchmark, compared to running furmark.
I just watched yours and yes you did a side bend, now I'm freaking confused .  which is it ?????
It exist planty of good reasons why you don't solder connectors, you crimp them.
sawder
Looks like am not buying any NVIDIA cards. You think for the price you think they would have better people looking and testing stuff like this or made out of gold.
i firmly believe the only reason this has been a big deal is because the adaptor has black sleeved cables if the adaptor came with ketchup and mustard cables with no sleeving but otherwise built the same way no one would care
Thank you, I really appreciate your efforts to locate and isolate the issue for us. I’m looking forward to that cablemod 90 degree connector for the 4090 series. Going to wait for your test on that piece before I install it.
I knew it all along.
it's a shitty adapter. the whole plug design and cable spaghetto. they coulda just run it into a 8-pin + 4 connector on the gpu. the 12-pin makes no sense this way. it's all bridged anyway. i get that they need 4x 8-pins for the wattage stepping circuitry. but the rest is bs. 12 wires coming in. they wired them down to 4 but want 6. this makes no damn sense. xD  the next iteration should be a 3 by X phases plug. 12v, ground and connection sense. and stacked for wattage stepping. gonna need 150W per lane stepping and proper plugs on the psu side. the 4090 wants 4 phases. could be 2x 6-pin (150 or 300 W max per) plugs. the 5090 could be a 3x 6-pin for 6 phases.
I'm curious if cards like my MSI Gaming Trio, which use only three plugs instead of four, are affected by this issue.
Quality soldering is so crucial. Think of the Large Hadron Collider being shut down over shoddy soldering.
This might be recall worthy lol
So we need plugs, pins and crimp dies
i’m glad that this is a cable problem and not a plug problem. a cable recall is much better than a graphics card recall
are cablemod cables safe from this problem, as long as youre not rough with the cable? or do we need to wait for a new fix?
Now I wonder why they chose 4 8-pin pci power connectors and only used 1 power and 1 ground from each, why not use 3 connectors and use 2 power and 2 grounds from each? The spec I can find online of the 8 pin only has 3 grounds and 3 +12v power, so theoretically there is enough wires with 2. The only issue I can see for 4 8-pins is the 150 max wattage per 8-pin so 4 connectors would give 600 Watts total.
Nvidia shoulda just tossed an xt90 and called it a day. But seriously even a basic understanding of current flow can see the bottleneck of using this pin design. One bad solder joint and your toast (literally)! This is indicative of short design to market turnaround and likely highly segmented and compartmentalized teams. There should have been at least a few layers of reinforcement added at a minimum for this design and application. They expect the customer and 3rd parties to resolve their penny pinching which could be lethal, at the least financially damaging. I've seen this type of lack of foresight many times in the drone industry but not what you'd expect from a multi billion dollar publicly traded company known for engineering electronics. They knew well before manufacturing they would have power issues with existing ecosystem and dropped the ball with this trying to appeal to gamer marketing aesthetics. There is no other logic to this move. It's like buying a Tesla and go to use your charger at home and the plug melts. Heads would roll. I bet the guys in the dept who thought this up are losing their minds rn hoping the internet will forget about this...
My money is on the outer pins arcing if it's fully detatching, it will effective work like a welding rod as the resistance across the gap goes high it'll heat up and burn
Summary: Nvidia charged you $1600 for a card and threw in a deeply bodged 15c adaptor.  Even better when they threaten your warranty if you dare to use a different in-spec adaptor (AKA: Corsair 600W PCIe 5.0 12VHPWR Type-4 PSU Power Cable) that'll not crap the bed like theirs.  I still don't like how this new connector has dropped the safety margin from 120%/70% down to 10%.  That's a whole lot of near perfection every time to expect from the wider world.
an intermittent or almost connection can be worst than complete separation due to dielectric withstanding strength of air.. breakdown creates heat via electrons arcing through small air gaps.
Bad designed
It’s amazing to me to see all those people telling what the problem was last time and just repeating the same solution mentioned in the comments trying to defend their dignity.  We get it, it’s arcing.
NVIDIA just lost a shit ton of profit they made from LHR and the 30 series because of a Engineering Design Issue that I’m assuming was in house design.. Thanks for Killing, EVGA because of your arrogance they probably saw this coming. RIP EVGA, I love my 3080Ti EVGA FTW3 Card 😊
Obviously this story isn't done yet but I do wonder if in retrospect it wouldn't have just been better for Nvidia to have gone and say "here's the new power connector that we are switching to moving forward, an adapter will come in the box with all 30-series cards but when 40-series comes around you will have to buy a new power supply for a direct 12-pin to 12-pin with sense connection" This would have effectively screwed over everyone who already had a good enough psu to handle a 4090 but it would also have uncomplicated things significantly for the end user and they wouldn't have had to engineer this bizarro adapter cable.
I dont like this connector. I think this should be grounds for an immediate recall. I will not buy a graphics card until this problem is dealt with properly. And I'm hoping AMD doesn't use this connector so I still have an option to upgrade my current system as I was planning.
And that folks, is what we call... User error.   lol, jk.  But I bet the ones who had really bad issues, were bending it so there stupid RGB logo can be seen on their gpu.
All the custom cable joints are going to have an influx of new costumers I'd assume.
you're wrong and igor's lab isn't wrong but not totally right either. the issue IS the connection side not an input wire coming lose (though it is related to the fact there are only a few power wires coming in instead of 1 wire per pin). It's the connector side that goes into plug that is getting hot and melting not the wire side connecting to the connector itself. If you want to reproduce the issue then plug in the connector but not all the way and put tension length wise on the connector so that the side pin is more into the connector than the far side. This create geometry where the internal pins have a point contact with the pins instead of over a bigger area which will cause the heating up of those specific pins. the reason the inner pins don't overheat is because 1 input wire of power is being spread out over 2 pins compared to the outer pins where 1 input wire is only going through 1 pin. The issue will not occur if there is a wire per pin or if the edge pins maintain connection to the inner pins. The issue specifically occurs when the edge pins are not connected to the inner pins and those pins have to deliver more power than the other pins (again some of them have 1 wire per 2 pins and those won't get as hot) combined with not well seated connector which changes the connection to a point contact internally. Combine those 3 factors and you have a melting connection.
Jay, you're almost correct. The issue is indeed the broken solder joint, but it's not the added current load on the remaining wires.   The issue with the broken solder connection is that it forms what is know as a "High Resistance Connection". While the solder joint is no longer solid, both sides of the broken joint are still conductors and will conduct if they are in physical contact. However, if there is only a small amount of pressure, it will create a poor connection, with resistance measuring in the hundreds of milliohms upwards to multiple ohms. And P=I^2R.  That's the reason why your test with cutting the wires didn't recreate the issue.
In this case, It's ironic that 2* 8 pins aren't melted just the shit new connector. I bet they would have worked perfect 😜
in side the plug when it breaks it will spark like crazy thus create heat.  Removing the wire is not the same. just a thought.
If the outside wires are loosing contact and the inside ones have to take all the power why aren't those inside ones melting?
How does this pass the standards act for electronics doesn't this pose a risk to consumers ?
Unacceptable.
I think they need to triple the prices of the 4090 just so they'll be able to pay all the Law Suits they'll be paying out from the looks of things...
Just a thought:  If the pad has broken loose, then taps against the contact plate where it was soldered, wouldn't that quick connect / disconnect cause heat build up, resulting in melting the connector?
Nvidia put out a recall apparently today.
So, one thing to keep in mind is thermal expansion. Having good airflow in a case means that adapter will cool down fast. If the solder points cool down too fast too often, they will start to gain micro cracks. More cracks, more resistance. More Resistance, more heat. These adapters that are failing might have also gone through a bunch of extreme thermal cycles AND the pins on the end(s) where compromised via bending
i can see how they burn up now how close those solder points are to each with no plastic ect gapping in case one solder point comes lose and tapping another live wire sparks fly :)
It's gonna take someone dieing in a house fire before this is really fixed. Tombstone technology
Adaptor 2.0 STOUT VERSION
It's common for us engineers to have completely different theories on what the problem is. Nobody thinks exactly alike (which has it's advantages and disadvantages). Personally though I avoid making claims about what the cause is until I've actually inspected the cable in person. Igor did the intelligent thing and actually tore it apart completely to find out the full story and arrive at a more sound conclusion.
So should Nvidia issue a consumer recall since this is an ongoing issue?
pays for yt premium.has to watch ads anyway
If it's something like CPU 8P 5557 pins, there is zero chance you will encounter this kind of problem. I have two CPU 8p with only 6 pins inside in my server, which have already been powering two 300W cpus for a year now, and the plugs never even get hot a bit. I can never understand why they've designed a new shitty connector instead of just using one or two CPU 8P.
Be an adult when dealing with the Adapter. No bending, treat adapter with care/respect = No issues then.   Nuff said.
It was xi he likes to get drunk at work on Fridays running the solder machine.
They should get rid of this 8 AWG14 wires.... Why not use 2 10mm² or AWG8? Give it a nice beefy connector. If you want to play with big powers, make the wires big. This looks to me like "Uh we are IT-electronics, we not use big wires here, they make our PP´s look small..."
Cablemod is the way
well done Jay. get to the bottom of it. keep Nvidia responsible
But you  did bend yours side to side-I'm going to re-watch that to be sure. I could swear yours was from the side and you mentioned it.
Test the plastic at different temps to see if the melting points are different?
Glad I dont make enough to afford a 40 series right now. This is some bs
Sorry, but no.  melting is localised to the point of resistance,  for the plastic to be melted at the "key" it would be localised at the key, not the "foil".  a crack at the foil would cause the heat to be located in the base of the connector.  the only way for these pins to be melting these "keys" is for the pins themselves to be high resistance, from not being pushed in securely enough or split female.
If the side connection is completely severed, how could that connection be the one that melts? It’s going to have no current going through it at all, the other connections are where the extra current and therefore heat should be. It’s when the side connector is only partially disconnected that you’ll have a problem, as the same current will be trying to go through a small area.
Makes sense the tie bar(metal strip) can not handle an right or left angle bend if they make the plug an 90 degree plug to where  run the power cable against the card.
"now what i still have to do is pull it out and see if everything looks proper" 🤣
After the last video, I order one of those custom cables from Cablemod, hopefully that is safer then the stock one
In industrial electrical systems, it's not permitted* to run multiple parallel wires for high-current applications for exactly this reason.  You're required to run bigger cables, not more of the same size.   I also don't get why these big power components have to use these odd connectors.  Use screw terminals and twin 6-gage cables! Put a thematically-designed cover on the connection, and it would look awesome! And never catch fire.  *- prohibited from running parallel conductors below 00 gage cable.  Really big stuff permits parallel power cables because there's no other way.  But in the sub 2-gage cable world? No.
The problem is not the temperature, but the minimal gap that occurs when the cable breaks off in the housing, depending on the humidity, a spark bridge can occur, these sparks have when they bridge the gap they generate plasma (like in "electric lighters" to ignite the gas or with spark plugs) and plasma is known to have a temperature of up to 30,000 degrees celsius. the heat cannot be dissipated due to the insulating effect of the plastic  and therefore the housing melts that is, for example, one reason why spark plugs are insulated with porcelain and not with plastic
A PCB in that cheap-ass connector? Heheh. No way.
so the cable/connectors cross section is too small and the current is too much...
NVidia has made sure to compensate indepentant testers who figured out flaws in thier hardware! (X to doubt).
nVIDIA ikarus
That cable just seems like complete laziness.  Like seriously.  Who tf designed it?  Bet money that when AMD unveils their cards next month or whenever they do the plug gets focused on and they highlight it.
4090 cost = $1599.99 + Your house + Your dog + Your grandma + all your worldly possessions.
the actual problem is always found by Igor lab who is not sponsored by Nvidia. While rest of the youtube reviewers just didn't care to dig. That says it all.
Those adapters are also using aluminum wire that's gonna result in a lil more heat then copper wire
The cracked joints are heating up because those are still attached but with lower surface area, if you had ever replaced a melted fuse from your car thats exactly whats happening,  poor electrical connection = more heat.
Igorrr
Greetings from Igorslab  ✌
Nvidas adapters a poor cables but good that the other power supply manufacturers could fix it with their own cables but for 1700-2000 dollar is this a shame
What is the purpose of changing the plug anyways?   The older connectors worked fine without trying to burn your house down and kill your entire city :P
Those connections look like they were soldered by a 12 year old
That "sideband" should really be called a sense line. If you were gonna use traditional terminology electrically anyways.
Nvidia, please fix this., Whomever releases their new gen GPU with a corrected cable get my money and not just the GPU but the CPU as well...
im glad amd will have old connectors =)
Neither crimps or solder joints should be considered structural. There should be stronger strain relief for the electrical connections. The solder joints in this instance needs additional strength since it is not THRU HOLE SOLDER but Surface solder only.
So, the question is will Nvidia going to issue a recall before or after houses are burned down
Just give us the old 8 pins.
So class action lawsuit.
TY Jay!!!!
At what point should someone just say screw it and wire their own... wire Making the same connections with thicker gauge i mean
I guess you shoulda kept cutting into the cable from the first video jay 🤣
It could be a combination of things  like a partial crack where it archs intermittently and in a pc case with possible poor air movement can cause it to heat up to its melting point as the case start getting heat soaked increasing overall temps in case and room.
That solder on the igors lab one looks terrible. I don't think that even passes IPC class 1, it's seriously bad.
The amount of narcissism in jay is amazing. So YOUR analysis is why Igor 'did some digging'? Give me a break. Noone takes your opinion seriously dude
What a shitty design
just try do some crypto mining and u will burn that cable pretty fast
You call the connecting strip a busbar, right?
This issue wouldn't have happened if they simply just crimp the connectors, imagine being such a cheap manufacturer lmao
I dont understand why nvidia needed to invent wheel once again with that connector. Their defence talking about space saving doesnt make too much sense in case 4090 which is same size as average sized hatchback
Time to go back to the old 8 pin connectors...  [EDIT:  I don't know what gauge the wire is, 14 may be?  Let us know.  How thick is that aluminum "foil" bridge vs the thickness or gauge of the wires?]
I understand that this shouldnt have been happening but if you can afford 1600 plus for a graphics card order a cable mod cable by now everyone know about this problem
If you had the 4 live wires connected by only 2 or 3 of the neutral wires connected, so the gpu could get the full 600 Watts, but then feeding back down 2 neutral wires, could that cause more heat?
AHH yes over engineering a new problem..
Why are the Igors lab pictures so strange? like a filter? cant pinpoint why but they look different
Hey Jay what cable connector is that for which card.. idk if you will be able to respond but lmk if you can .. thanks man
The reason the solder looks worse in igors is because the higher current on the wires creates enough heat to also over heat the solder. You can only heat solder so hot much or so many times. What you see in his is "dead solder".
Jay the problem is not a wire being cut off. Arcing from a broken solder point but touching wire is what causes heat to rise and plastic to melt. Same way it happens to electrical sockets when something arks when you plug or unplug it powered on!
The problem i have with everyone saying the problem is where the solder joints is causing the melting the pins,to me is incorrect, being an auto electrician of 25+ years I have seen many melted cables and plugs, The melted connector section is where the problem is, and with out having a plug to test/check i cant say for sure. If it was a broken solder joint and its arcing then melted  point will be where the arcing is not down the cable/pin, cutting cable will not cause high temps further down cable/pin. electricity doesn't work like that. No connection, no flow, close contact (broken solder joint) =possible arcing makes heat = melted cables/plastic housing in that spot, not at pins.  It to me looks like pin contact area is the problem, that's where the heat will build up and cause possible melting,  If there is to much power draw being used temps will rise where ever there is poor connection, thinnest wire, in case of a connector the contact points,  The gpu has a solid pin (Male side), so thats not the issues, plug is hollow (Female side) that is the issue, Surface contact area.
It’s Schrödinger’s cable. 🤯
So in the end everybody was right. Too thin pins make crimping high gauge wires impossible so they need to make (one more) solution for problem which didn't exist before and did a crappy job with it.
Its like supercar ownership.....They cost a fortune and sometimes they catch fire
Classic bad case of EE.   No strain relief on a cable carrying substantial load.    Would be trivial to fix if the people selling the cable wanted to spend (lterally) a few cents more per cable.  The soldering does look crappy too and the design.     Thick wire soldered to a thin plate with no conformance?  Bah.
I vote the gpu manufacturer  to relocate the plug location  totally   sence day one I want a power plug in the front of the gpu pointing 👉  to the front of the case  cause that where the power supplie wire are normaly routed from   ... that's my opinion
VEE---CO ewecived
I wish that every thing in our society and this level of people quality controlling the people involved. Like imagine these guys exposing politicians all the time 😂
Nearly 2000 dollar gpu shipped with a 2 dollar junky cable, smh
next find out why the prices are so bloated.
JayzTwoCents could purchase that "starting to melt connector" 3:00 and have it X-rayed to check solder joints for cracks. Maybe thermal imaging for hotspots after.
Reminds me of upgrading fuel pumps on cars and using the original wiring. Nothing like a red hot fuel controller sitting six inches away from a gas tank 🙃
Sad really on cards that cost $1.6k or more.
So let me get this straight...  I'm spending 2500 euro on a 4090 (cause that's it's retail price here), and an additional 40+ euro for a cable to use on it?  Naaah nah nah, I'm already paying 900 euro premium. Nvidia can fuck right off.
So is the added wattage the only reason this isn't happening to the 3090FE which also carries the same connector and adapter? I guess there is also the fact that it's sideways and canted backwards so not bent....?
@JayzTwoCents Contact Pin or Tab; These have been around since the proverbial dawn of electronics; Back then the idea was to over spec them to prevent this exact issue from happening. Also there is exactly a ZERO chance NVIDIA & the their Plug Maker Partners didnt notice  these issues before selling them to the public. Their Liable for Damages.
All this hassle because they tried to solve a problem that did not exist in the first place. NVidia wanted to save a few centimeters of space in a card that is so big it won't even fit in many cases... let that sink in.
If anyone wants to test their connectors with a multimeter, don't stick the probes in the sockets. You can deform the pins that way, and you won't be able to tell except by how much hotter it will now get after probing.
Tbh its a shit design, there was nothing wrong with the other type, and 64c on stock is extremely bad, cables should not heat up at all like this
Queue all the experts in the comments
Do these same problems come with the cable mod cables? I imagine it’s the same connector. Theirs just has a metal or plastic shroud on it.
Patience that's why you don't purchase something when it first comes out
Had bought Zotac trinity 4090 on 13th OCT. Filed RMA ticket for crashing under ang game load. Now its being replaced under DOA case. This might have happened to my card. Finally some eplanation on the issue!
what jay is missing in his test: what is happening inside the plug WHEN THE PLASTIC is around these pins: the cable and solder is nonstop connecting - disconnecting  = thats much worse than his test without the plastic around the solder joints. have you ever tried to put a small cable with 150W load on a solder and rub it around. oh boy
Thank you for bringing attention to this issue.  It's sad to see Nvidia cheap out on an adapter and have that completely overshadow a really strong graphics card.
great job nvidia fixing a non existent problem
Jay, you need to check Igors connector again. His connector is soldered different too the one you have. His connector had the outer two PCIe pigtails connected to one pin each and the center ones connected to 2 pins each.
the usual molex/amp/tyco contacts are made in long spool strips and normally you cut them off the strip to fit them one by one by crimping ,if you leave 6 of them on the strip and solder wires to that strip = major time saved,  the plug moulding would normally be long enough to encase the the crimping and at least 4mm of wire so what you have must be a special short moulding ,thats why theres the rubber/plastic overmoulding. it only takes a few bendings to break individual pins off the spool because the metal is so thin and brittle hence the issue- brittle metal
Arc across a busted wire or pad will generate plenty of heat - a product designed to the borderline spec then produced by the lowest price Chinese bidder, things aren’t going to end well
This is pretty definitive. Igor's analysis certainly seems pretty conclusive. And it TOTALLY makes sense. I'm also an engineer (not an EE or ME mind you) but I constantly hear people talking about fatigue of solder joints and such. It's a constant worry for reliability reasons.
i would think that with right solvent, one could dissolve the plug body without harming the metal inside.
maybe it is a combination of Igor's and Buildzoid's videos... the wire connection to the "foil" and then the hollow pin connector possibly being flexed making it have a loose connection to the solid pin could also contribute to the issue (or maybe just a manufacturing quality variance on both)?
and yet again, everything you have said here is totally wrong.... stop scaremongering jay or i'll have your channel flagged...... you have been warned..
Tried and tested? I don't think so... And at that price, Youd expect every component and wire would be tough and manageable, but this obviously Isn't... It's rather bad.
Great work.
Wow what a piece of absolute garbage geez.
So using crimped cables could fix his issue
Do you know what that adapter is? Its a freaking bottleneck that power as to run trough.
Okay, I must admit. Seeing that inside the connector made me squeal. WHY are they soldering these connections?!? That's absolutely not acceptable, crimped wires are not going to have this issue, because like the Corsair and Cablemod wires, there is 1 wire per pin. WHY do you need 4 plugs of 8-pin connectors, when you're gonna use 2 wires from each to a 12-pin connector...   No NVIDIA... Just No...
you have good content but I find you very difficult to watch because you're missing something simple. arcing and sparking.
Can you not skip the connector and plug directly to the psu? or will no pus cables fit in the connector without the adapter?
Your test was flawed in the sense that a complete cut is much different than a broken or loose connection. You're going to get a lot more heat from arcing than a severed connection. If you would've cut the pad to break it, but left it in place to arc across to the pin-side, I guarantee you'll see more heat. Enough heat to melt plastic and even melt the adjacent soldered joints.
Next time I'll make my own freaking cable
This is yet another reason why I am going AMD this time. Their stuff is not going to melt. Their stuff is not 600 WATTS!
soo, if the side cables break, why would the disconnected side connector pins/plug melt? makes no sense to me.  if the side cables break and have bad contact, i would expect the bad contact to heat up at the cable connection, not at the tip of the plug, right?
imagine paying $2000 for a gpu with QA issues like this. wow.
FUCK THE PROBLEM    AND EVERYONE  WANTING TO  BE RIGHT ON THE PROBLEM  WHY DONT YALL USE YOUR BRAIN CELLS TO MAKE THE BEST PLUG 🙃   sorry for caps  😐
But it doesnt make any sense... I use my 3080 FTW3 with the 450W bios and i'm using 3 8pin connectors and ITS COMPLETELY FINE, Whats going on??????????
4:00 terminal pad Jay.
I think you would call that part like a mini-distributor block/bridge or something along those lines. In electronics there are often times copper pieces that tie together multiple connectors and route the power flow to single connectors or vice versa. They act as a bridge. The thing is, I almost never see those in connectors designed for large current. Usually, when current becomes higher, they are located INSIDE the electronic device. I'm not an engineer or an expert. I simply take shit apart a lot and 90% fail to put it back together. So, take what I say with a grain of salt.
sounds like the foil is tearing but not breaking off.. turning it into a fuse or filament.
1.  AMD needs to back channel an attempt to get the CPSC to issue a recall. 2.  For the metal piece the wires attach to, I assume the proper term would be "bus bar".
NVIDIA forgot that cables can't be fire benders because this isn't avatar
Saw igors video this morning igor = GOAT
If the side wires are broken, shouldn't be the middle ones melting?
I feel like a lot of this wouldn't have happened if you wouldn't have to plug them in in such an awkward place. Why are graphic cards even like this? Couldn't the connection be moved to a more practical place?
Glad I got the dedicated Corsair 600w cable... Now I can put this ish behind me and get back to playing some games!
you are getting it wrong.. those broken off solders are still conducting not completly cut off. and that small contact on OUTER contacts is making it overheat, not inner ones heating so much that outer ones start to burn......
It's insane what Nvidia is charging for the 4090s and they ship you that POS cable when aftermarket ones are so far doing a much better job 🤦. Nvidia is most likely cheaping out and it's now biting them in the ass.
so the plot thickens intel was trying to sabotage nvida! they were the killer lol
How much does it cost to burn your house down?  Nvidia: "oh, about $1600".
That foil to pin setup is laughable. I feel for anyone that lost a card. Hope Nvidia makes it right.
The one Jay has doesn’t seem to look as bad quality wise as the one Igor tested 🤔. so what ever company nvidia contracted to make this has massive inconsistency on their work.  if Jay didn’t destroy his then it would probably took forever to break on its own. So then that means not everyone will be affected and just a certain one will have the cable melted but we don’t have a way to find out so it’s still better to use another adapter or have a native psu
there's the silicon lottery. now there's a soldering lottery..? ok.
This handicapped connector "standart" is a shame for the entire industry. Just ridiculous...
What was the Slot that you hated the most? Mega Millions with the Double Up display? I hated it. Enjoy...
lol, I know the exact solution...  spend your money on your family and don't buy a 4090...
How do you recon Nvidia will manage to spin this as a feature?
wtf nvidia
Sigh, another company sacrificing build quality to save a few pennies. Lost are the days when engineering recommendations > accounting recommendations.
Ok Sorry I don't think Igor got it right.  It's a good theory but no dice as far as im concerned. the amount of molded rubberized casing around it plus all the other stuff makes it unlikely the solder joint would crack You can see how much the rubber is gripping the wires by the fact that the wire sheeathing looks basically crimped. Also electricity follows the path of leas resistance so if what you were saying is true most ofthe current would flow through the center pins and so the outer pins would not be melting. not to mention what you are seeing is six pins without really any deliberate bridging with the wires being soldered to multiple pins its basically the uncrimped connector with the wires soldered instead of crimped so this does not explain the pictures. The way this would explain it is if this happened in conjunction with improperly seated middle connectors or all of them failed but the outer ones were making more contact than the center ones so the path of least resistance was on the outside but even then you would notice other stability problems due to dirty power from this.  Occam's razer. Which is more likely a loosely seated pcie connector or the outer pad broke but instead of taking the path of least resistance it somehow decided to go across a path with more resistance. This is  a problem maybe but if this happened you wouldn't see the failure that occured in the pictures which your own experimentation shows. all the pcitures of failed connectors shows that the outer pins are heating up. What these picture show is the inner wires feed to pins each and the outer pins feed one pin each. So i guarantee if the card thinks it can draw 600 watts but the center pins are disconnected you would see the problem like in the pictures but on the other hand if the outer pins were disconnected i imagine because it's spread over 4 pins instead of 2 pins it would be still warm but not as warm. But overall if Igor was right you should have been able to recreate the problem but you werent able to which for me means still on the wrong track. especially since a simpler explanation exists that would explain it.
Short version: going tighter than minimum bend radius isn't the same number for a connector as it is for each individual wire.  once conductors start to break, thermal runaway starts the inevitable: logarithmic decline of ampacity.
I love how some write "this is a mess", "how dare they", etc. I just want to remind that Jay couldn't reproduce it in his tries.  Solution: Do not bend it sideways. (I can't judge how hard it is, since I haven't build a single PC yet) Or buy a new cable. Or check your cable regularly for the first month, and buy a new one if needed.  I do no know what's written in the 4090 manual and if it is addressed, to not bend it. On a side note, no cable should be bend 90°, not just power supply, literally any cable with that diameter. Just like no electric device should be put under water, unless specifically told otherwise.
Don't cut it open, you have a belt sander.
Looks like it's bridging on the 2 connections in the middle
couldnt a 90 degree elbow be made that comes out from gpu so the cable wouldnt have to bend
Are the CableMod C-Series Pro ModFlex Sleeved 12VHPWR PCI-e Cable for Corsair  Ok to use them as they seem to be joining wires.    Thanks for another great vid.
this is wild. wonder if they would be liable if someone's house burnt down?
Nvidia should get ahead of this and issue a recall
JFC all these connectors need to go in the garbage. Just give us fucking XT60 or power pole connectors already lol
Jensen needs to get back into the kitchen and cook up a better adapter.
The corporations took a short cut its the plain simple answer. The connector should have been made at a 90 degree angle with a nice sleeve length not to break the connection that would of cost them only 25-50 cents to purchase if that. But if you think of selling millions of GPU"s, that's like over a million dollars and that's profits that the corporations don't like to loose. So you get crap connector for a $1,599.00 GPU. This happens more then what people think. A law suit might be on its way and/or a recall as well. Get this crap straightened out.  I'm happy that I didn't buy one. Waiting for next gen GPU's and Meteor lake CPU and hopefully everyone gets the MB and DDR5 worked out along with the hardware which is still all still scattered and not in sync yet.
0:49 I’m going to watch it twice more; suck it.
Here at 71,851 views.
I make my own custom cables for my computers now I know exactly what I'm not going to do.  The question is do I want to sell my 3080 TI and get 40 series?
Hey Jay its worth mentioning that sometimes people pull and squeeze at the wires just behind the plastic housing to unplug it, I've been guilty of doing it in the past after building my system and my hands get a bit sweaty or oily and can't grip the plastic.
Maybe the Type of PSU is important too. Corsair is rated for 300W per 8-Pin (see their adapter). So if you use 2x8-Pin Daisychain cables, make sure to plug one on the middle and the secondary plug on the outside. IF the outside one fails you still use the same rated 300W per cable. :D
We all know these cables are garbage. Time to get past that, and have Nvidia mass produce a new adapter and given out to free ASAP
Could be arcing.
So it's not even solder cracking, it's the solder pad mechanically breaking. That's interesting.
I commented this morning that you hopefull use this to share this information.
Cable Guy now playing at Nvidia HQ hehe :-)
Basic physics 4 power cables into 1, on a push will always create heat, from the draw point, the 1 connecter, and the 4 ends pushing the power  Just make it 4 onto 4 from the psu, why try to channel everything to the one? Tell me that not a bottleneck of power!!  Everyone knows that has time goes on and power is needed, condensing 4 into 1 and then out is not the way to go
Cool, well now we know. Buy a replacement adapter, I suppose.
ohhhhhhhh corsair do replacement cable for real ? and its 100% reliable xD
Do the tests again but put it in a case
How did this even pass UL testing?  If they even did test. As far as I know that's a legal requirement for even consumer cables not just devices.  Everyone who knows anything about electrical design knows you can't parallel wire to make up for not having a large enough conductor for the designed current. Each wire should have it's own pin and the parallel connection should need made on the PCB of the card where you can have a properly sized trace. Duh! The quality of the soldering might contribute to the failure but the fact it was designed like this is the root cause.  Relying on solder at a joint that can flex is amateur.
£2000 graphic card and they cheap out on a connector. 🤯
The fact that wen spending more than USD$500 and it comes with cheap as cables you'd buy from a discount store
at least the solution was fixed early on, and should be relatively easy to fix if nvidia or AIBs get in on it and fix those cables
and nvidia could not figure this out on their own why?
That is such a bad way to connect those few wires.  I think they are going to have to offer free replacement connectors for safety reasons.
With Nvidia you’re on fire!
So, to recreate the failure in a 'natural' way, you most likely: 1. need a badly soldered plug 2. need to have wiggled it side to side so that at least 1 (and probably 2) sides aren't making proper connection 3. need to have the plug not plugged in deeply enough.  That 3rd step is probably why you still don't but your card, because those numbers that you showed immediately went from 70 to 100+ c when incorrectly plugged in.  It might even be that the 3rd part is the most important one, because you haven't found shocking numbers with your correctly seated cables.
cheap work in a 2000$ cards gg nvidia
How can I reach out to you Jay for a few questions?
This issue is hard to reproduce. The current flowing over the bad contact that is creating the melting at specific points. As it is still making slight contact or a bad contact. If it were to break away completely and there is a gap, then you would get the results such as you got in the video.
Nvidia need to get absolutely trashed for this. They haven’t properly tested the connectors and are charging customers through the nose for their products, and we know their margins are high. They should have class actions brought against them and I hope they get rinsed.
How did Invidia fail on the most basic engineering?
Thanks for taking us along as you investigated. I found it entertaining.
So basically it's still a shit design oversight.
@JayzTwoCents  Jay my man you test it wrong, when it break off in the plastic, than  what happen the pin that broke off still introduce the current to card and than it  create eddy current between two circuits, only  then you see drastic increase in temperature spike  and you could detect arcing inside the connector it self  :D  , not many people talk about that by why Floppy 1.44 power cable was change to  Molex, similar thing minus eddy currents :P
There was actually a paper published about this. I’m not sure Egore’s lab was the original source.
Yes, it was noted that side to side bending would be the worst. However we thought that issue was likely connection on the pins being uneven. But heck there was graphic that showed how not to bend the wires and showed that horizontal one was bad.
They probably went a cheaper route to save money on that style of wiring and charged the SHT out of everyone for this card. There's no way this problem just started occurring when the consumer's purchased this product so they send the  sht out to be sold and fix the problems off of our hard earned cash. 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Igor should do some kind of freelance fuck up prevention service.  "You are working on a new shiny product and do not want to burn down your customers houses? Give me a call and I will see to it that you don't!"
Now let's try to test out the stupid engineers ideas that need less circumstances :D and try what happens if you loosen up the insides of the pins :)
simple solution is split the atx versions for modern power supply that only  used corsair and be-quiet and some thermatalke  versions that only use 2 rails vs 2011 -2015  need to buy cable mod with 4 plugs for 4 rail powersupply...it seem nvidia trying to make it work for all versions but modern power supply have high rated capacitors that power 12v more than older powersupply that is rated lower wattage per capacitor...its same problem with pcie gen bandwidth that all gen4 and gen5 are limited by compatibility from all gpu pcb board of continue supporting gen3 and gen2...all gen4 and gen5 are limited in bandwidth due to other users in entire pcie support...it would be expensive to make different versions for every pcie gen and atx versions out there but pc hardware is huge mess right now...we have computers are very old that should stop continue supporting as end of life shelf support and move those people into later versions so everyone don't have to suffer due to them of economic issues
Okay, so once again it's a result of cost saving measures which prevented someone from doing something properly... great :-(
In conclusion: NVIDIA trash product
Could they make a 90 degree connector/adapter to make the connecter point out the back of the card so bending the cable is not required? Seems like only a jerk would make a connector point straight up and NOT be bendable when it is expected the device will be used inside a computer case with the panel on. Just saying, 90 degree adapter might help make it safe again.
No soldered joints in these cables!
Wiggle gate
Solder joins are notorious for this kind of thing in the automotive industry which is why we rely on crimp joins instead. Solder creates a hard point which can crack or snap with movement and can wick up the copper conductor as well as cause heat stress points. Crimps are purely mechanical...  I think we are seeing a temporary or slight connection issue where the solder is broken just enough to create a resistance across the solder join and foil. This would cause a massive amount of heat.  And geez, foil metal for this kind of power transfer?...thats pretty nuts.  Thanks for sharing J.
CABLEMOD to the rescue!  Their Right Angle adapter is going to be the way to go.  Easily solves the problem and looks WAY better than any other solution.  Comes out in 4 days.,
SOLDERING IS OK! It breaks at the thin copper sheet, not the solder!
I'm still a bit of a layman when it comes to the real Inner workings and detail stuff but if I'm understanding this right Nvidia basically sabotaged it's own already working cabal just so they could say they made an upgrade? I'm I missing something because this just seems so beyond stupid.
This video should be sponsored by Gigabyte power supplies  💥💥💥
And of course, the 4090 being so much bigger and giving you less clearance in the case doesn't help. A 90 degree adapter like CableMod's and just being really careful with this adapter should help until ATX 3.0 power supplies with direct versions of these cables become commonly available.
This is exactly like the issue with the 3d printing community and Creality (brand) using soldered XT-60 connectors. What would happen is that, if the solder connection was compromised, higher resistance = more heat and therefore, eventually melting the solder and failure. The only solution is to *crimp* the connectors as no amount of heat can realistically cause failure.
It looks like there's no level of redundancy whatsoever in the design, leaving no room for error in the manufacture of the plug. Not exactly optimal.
Compleet stupid how this is set . Solder kabels on a strip. Yes this is done by humans. And one only have to be bad solder and you have a big problem.  Really China cheap shit . O you can not complain its free by the card.
Cool we should all put c4 in our cases and hopefully that at some point it doesn’t set it off.
Why dont they use something like an XT 60 or XT90 or similar?
Great one more cooler to add into the system LOL get your thermal paste ready boys
why keep show a graphics card no one has the money for or want to buy at that price........ unless you make money off a pc no one wants it shame you keep saying pricing ok .....
Good to see Nvidia letting the tech community do their R&D for them. Big brain move.
Bruh my guy literaly cut off half off the cable & connectors and still nothing happened this video is the clear point of jayz being dumb. The dudes whose card burnt was simply becouse they not plug in the cable fully i wonder what money amd paid for this channel to throw trash but its backfired this cable is a conqueror handle 3x more power and you can cut half of it and its still works like bro what are you talking about? You literaly spend weeks to catch this thing on fire and nothing happened at this point just look back don't you feel the shame?
The metal that's holding them all together is called a bus bar
Is there any costum connector which does work safely?
Like i said gorilla hands.  You dont do this shit even with your phone charger cables why on a cable that can practically goto 600 watts
I've already put in an order for Corsair's adapter cable ( and a 1000w power supply so I can have a spare), which is a much safer option. But I honestly wish Nvidia STAYED with the tried and true 2 8-pin connectors and not tried to get all fancy. A 600W output just from a GPU is absolutely excessive!!
Well at least nobody's house has burned down yet....  I can see why Nvidia had EVGA building boards for them, they obviously have a ways to go if they want to own the entire GPU board development.
What a garbage plug.
WAGO's do this exactly and they have been known to heat up more so.
FORGET NVIDIA❗️ Saving for the new AMDs I’ve had enough my wire burned out after i unplugged it for the 6th time to put it in a new case 😡
There was a time when plugs could be dismantled without ruining it
so whats we do i get mine back in the box time to have need cable more reliable for now cause she new but wanna use it soon as possible
The downvotes are from nVidia employees. Probably the ones who came up with the soldering.
thanks for investigating this further and giving us the info about Igor's lab.
so what I see.. they added sense wires because they are using this one 12 pin style plug. inside the 12pin it's all connected.  when before when you run 3 8 pin plugs with no sense wires and all wires had there own dedicated pin. new style if something breaks in the 12 pin no one or thing knows about it. but on the old style if one pin broke then the card wouldn't work ( depending on how the board uses its pins for power) it's failure is the 12 pin plug in general. they really fucked up on this model and should go back to the older model
IDK, the connectors seemed to be melting from the tip, which would indicate that's where the point of contact with high resistance is.
I can't believe they had actual crimped connector and went to w/e this is
That adapter design is horrible. When the power supply's where not going to be available. they should have simply used four eight pin connectors this generation.
Nvidia is apparently going for a company self destruct speedrun record.
We're most findings having issues in hours? And he's trying to recreate it happening in seconds?  I guess if you don't want to leave it alone and destroy the GPU, that's fine, but it's funny how he's going about this.
jayz stop supporting nvidia $1600 plus for a gpu, at least supply a cable fit for purpose, never had a power cable fail on nvidia or amd cards , now the 4090 cooker could cause a fire, why pay more, whats next.
Surly if it broke off and touched the wires next to it it would overload a pin right
In a "real" electrical world the feeder lines would have fuses in them and when "fewer lines carry more amps" to the header they'd all blow and you'd know right away the cable is broken.  It seems the PCISIG is winging it in terms of safety here.
I am fine with getting a cable mod right? Thats what Ill do
Ok can we move on now ?
Recall time.
My comment is too dark to post here..
Vehicles use similar setups with networks, we called them "bus-bars" for communications. Network wiring is generally 5v and I cant imagine anyone ever measured amperage, but think lower than a shorty at the club when "drop it low" hits
AMD will win this generation over if they take advantage of Nvidia's mess up
Igor To the rescue  !!!!! Thank You = Igor , lol   Thanks Guys , , ,
That doesn't make sense though. The location of the heat should be the opposite of what he said. If the connections break at the edges, then the heat should be coming from the middle. From the parts that are still connected. So if you see melting near one pin, it should mean that all of the other pins are not connected. Or the problem comes from the graphics card side. If the Card isn't drawing power equally from all pins, then select ones can heat up.
I'd call the "foil metal" a "bus bar" or as they're usually named here in the UK... A "buzz bar" because that's what your insides will do if you touch one
Wouldn't you still need the broken connector to be free in the connector to recreate it? A combination of the broken wire creating an intermittent short and an increased load draw on the remaining cables. I can't see there being damage on only the broken pin/pins and not the others if it's purely a heat/over draw issue. It would damage the connector all around. So you would still need to have the source of the intermittent short to cause the same type of failures that we are seeing. That's just the issue I'm seeing in the method of testing given the information that we know.
As someone who builds system cables for a living, it irritates me to see an OEM not perform proper FAI's on products!
Am I missing why this isn't a problem with the 30 series fe cards? Or could it be as well?  Edit, I'm not an expert in any way on this. I'm asking because I'm worried if I might have this problem eventually.
thats only happening because your messing with the settings of the card i.e OC,under volt. just stop fucking with it and just use it as is as its fine the way it is from factory. i have two in my work rig and they work fine plus no melting
For how expensive this GPU is you would think shit like this wouldn't happen.
What if they are breaking or weakening from metal fatigue?  Like when you bend a paper clip over and over again until it breaks.  I wonder how many bend cycles it takes to make that break.  From the looks, not a lot.
Seems like a ridiculous oversight by Nvidia, why skimp out on a crappy cable when the card is this expensive man.
Arcing??? As it's cracking/failing the current might be arcing which might account for the extreme heat and possible reason for the difficulty to replicate.
If it was the outside ones breaking, would it not be the middle pins taking up the extra load and creating the heat?  If that is the case, then in this scenario should it be the middle pins getting hotter and melting the plastic around them?
Im happy i cant afford a 4090...so i dont have to worried about it.
What i find most interesting is that solder joints on your adapter cable look ok but the ones on Igor's cable look kinda  差不多. So there is ok-ish adapter cables around and bad ones. Makes this one all the more fishy. Guess Nvidia is already ripping some suppliers a new one somewhere in China ;)
Ultrasound in the 11th harmonic kills cancer. But, you still won't wana talk about that.
Worst than the wire breaking off is the arcing that occurs after the wire breaks off from the solder pad. Arcing will cause enough heat to melt plastic at any load.
This is good stuff J, kepp up the great work!
Commercial GPU...
51amps trough those thin pins? LMAO
IMO it would be wise to avoid 40 series until this issue has been addressed, NVIDIA need to recall their product immediatley.
Boomer J forgot to just leave heaven 4k on a loop for hours...
It's pronounced eye-gorr
Nvidia is a joke. They could not design a competitive Video card by drawing out 500W plus in the wall. Yes, it is "fast", 40-60% faster than a 3090Ti  Without DLSS 3.0 bullshit. This year I am going full Red. Nvidia is not the same company how was 10-15 years ago, and I am not saying AMD is an angel, but certainly, I see actual progress and innovation in both  the CPU and GPU departments
Love how Jay follows this topic closely and keep us updated at the same time :thumbs up: Aka learn with Jay!
hairline fractures at the soldering point are just as bad... maybe worst even than cutting the cable. because current still flows through it but the connection is worst and the resistance is highter
Jay just get a corsair engineer online and ask them the specs of the cables I wouldn't make bold claims like this
I thought we discovered decades ago not to use solder alone as a mechanical connection? Clearly NVIDIA didn't get the memo.
Still a bad plug design. Should have just stuck to using the beefier 8 pin standard gpu plugs like EVGA did.
Just water-cool it.
Kinda like companies have been releasing a beta ass product and not doing any testing to see if it works... Stuff like this shouldn't be an oversight.
Hi all. I’m not into graphic cards much but as an electrical engineer that designs high current circuits….. Solder should NEVER be used for that much current. That connector should be using a cold crimp connection, then use soft silicon cable of maybe 10cm then have a distribution plug using a copper Busbar off at LEAST 1.2mm to handle the current at 12v!!!
Thanks for the series Jay. Enjoyed it (especially as a 4090 owner) made my worry less about my house burning down.
Barely a “computer guy” but that plug looks sketchy even without the known issues. Must be a better way then cramming tons of wires into that plug…
Nvidia needs to recall this crap and put the old larger plugs on them. Though perhaps this will go away when power supplies inevitably get a native plug on them, without using the adapter.
Now imagine if the 40 series came out of the oven as the 3090 was pulled out at the announcement in 2020. The potential memes out of this along with the plug..
The wire being not cut but still live, and a broken solder joint generates arcing and heat, that's why yours did not heat up nearly as much as you were hoping for.
This connector is not fit for purpose. It needs to be usable by amateurs with no technical knowledge, without failing.
The truth is that Nvidia did a shit job with this connector.
why not just make an L-adapter for that plug.. send me a card (nvidia) & i'll make one. L-shape so wires are directed down side of the gpu(?)
That solder joint looks friggin terrible. Crazy expensive Gpu and that’s there solution…
Spend $1600 on a graphics card, but then you use a cheap ass adapter to give it power. Makes sense...
It was the cable marked as abbynormal.
Sorry, im sick of these videos.
I really hope to come back to this Channel at some point where the discussion and subject matter is in a positive, forward Light...all this banter over a new proprietary connector connected to a Video Card consuming INSANE TDP and Power Draw for a price 95% of people are unwilling to pay is just like the cherry on top of the cake for NVIDIA. Regardless at this point, they're getting attention and the attention is somehow turning into Dollars and it's absolutely the most skull-numbing conversation to even have, yet, we have to have it. The technology inside these Chips is jaw-dropping enough anymore; even with a built-in Power Limit for some AiB's per the Warranty, can we even say that it's safe to be drawing on these Power Levels for an extended period of time? It seems over the past 10 years, we've fast-tracked from a 400-600W PSU becoming standard, and now we're seeing System Requirements easily exceed 1000W or greater anymore...crazy times we live in Jay!
To clarify a point: a native ATX 3.0 complaint 12-pin connector should be immune from this problem; it's limited to just the 3x/4x 8-pin to 12-pin connectors (as far as we know), correct?
Thanks Igor! Btw Igor has a Youtube Channel (german language) and uploaded a video about this topic
If you've bought a 4090 I feel genuinely sorry for you. I feel like Nvidia got a hard dose of karma though.
60 on plastic. that wire is 100+
A poor connection is worse than a disconnection
That's just a really poorly designed physical connection.  They lap soldered that, and there is no mechanical connection, which is a recipe for failure on a wire that will be moved substantially during install.  Additionally, I'm kind of surprised at the amount of current they are running across that very thin mounting bracket.
TLDR dont bend it sideways.   Got it.
Figure out why AMD drivers are so trash since 22.5.2 and up.
lol
The good news is that if it is confirmed that's the issue, then mailing out newly designed cables should be pretty straight forward and easy.  As opposed to an engineering change on a GPU board.
Why is gamers nexus staying fare away from this?
I've got my cable mod extension cable on the way, I just wish their shipping was faster.
Should leave the broken wire close to contact pad so it"s arcing and creating more heat
Nice for $1600 we got heater, power hungry vga, fire starter, and one lost kidney. What a bargain from nvidia
So I was right and it does seem that people with Gen 5 PSUs are safe from this problem. Glad I swapped out.
one thing you never do is solder a terminal without strain relief on the cable itself. This cable that is supplied whit the GPU is designed to fail.  Indeed the corsair cable is the only one that is good. Only crimping is ok for terminal without real strain relie on it.  but as long the GPU is aboven 1000euro en my RTX3080 is doing its jobs perfect there is no need to think about chaning to other GPU in the next years
I would rather have four of the  eight pin standard connections over that crap.
Gut gemacht, Igor. ;-)  Well done, Igor.
This has to be recalled. Won't pass a lot of fire standards.
this adapter have 4 inputs i have a msi card and they provide an adapter with 3 inputs, it should be safer.
Igorslab <3 <3 <3
You forgot to add thermal paste to your plugs.
The whole concept of a 4 to 1 adapter was dumb to begin with
Imagine your bitcoin mining and your house burns down ☠
2 NEW cases melted on the edge pins, the ones that 2 cables are soldered to 1 thin plate. I think the problem comes because solder breaks (or already comes with a bad solder job) and creates bad connection leading to overheating on that bad contact point.
Nvidia has some splainin to do over that shit. especially telling you and other “the cable is not the problem”. thats a lawsuit right there when you make a pronounced claim that is clearly false.
Sadly nvidia’s R&D dept won’t get to make any communications or changes, rather it will all be driven by the legal team. Just like Jay said about other recalls, it’s the potential for money out vs money in that will determine next actions.  And screw you if you got a bad one & nvidia decided not to make any changes based on legal math
I still want to see this done in a case, specially one that one of these users were using when it happened.
If the side pins are broken wouldn't it rather make the middle pins melt? Perhaps they only break partially so there is much higher resistance on these pins = more heat.
Wouldn't the broken solder joints cause arcing? That would make more sense since the broken pins are the ones melting.
This is just clearly Nvidia being El Cheapo on the production costs for the cables, a flimsy .2mm connection pad where the slightest of strain can sheer off either the wire connection or the pad from the pin. All in the name of profit
As long as this not resolved with either upgraded adapters or a callback by Nvidia i'll run the card with 55% power target max (~250 Watt-ish)
Nvidia logic spend more money get more problems
For some reason there aren't closed captions? As in, not even auto generated are available yet?
Russian roulette with 2k, no thanks
Because they're not engineering the cards correctly... Nah, I'm not going to mount a complaint on QA. This is before their work takes place.
_Respect that when sending large amounts of power down a wire one has to take care and have quality wires_ .  When a lot of energy is crammed into a small space it wants to burst out.  In short get a good new ATX 3.0 power supply that has this connector and use a good quality cable to connect it. To cheap out on this is to not have respect for what electricity can do if it goes wrong.
this what happens when the designers and people in charges are clueless,  how things work outside of the lab and excel, in the real world. It's time to update to ATX 3.1,  beef up this fashion model connector to thinker connector that is made to handle the real world
Glad the community came together to prevent people from potentially burning down their house. Great job
Was wondering why a 90* 12pin plug wasn’t used in the first place in the design. This could help eliminate the need to bend the wires for wire management , but this also could be applied to all pcie cable designs in the first place.
Intel really sucks. What's the point of having the most expensive graphics card in the world if it relies on a $2 connector. Seriously - someone needs to lose their job.
So the adaptors that came with the 3090tis were from a different manufacturer and are fine? :)
Maybe it cracked but didn’t disconnect fully? I imagine that’d get pretty hot since you’re effectively reducing the wire gauge/raising resistance. Bad soldering (or even just old joints) are super prone to cracking.   I repair old parts sometimes, and I can’t tell you how many times the fault was in a connection having an invisible crack. I’m automatically sus of any joint that isn’t shiny and smooth, or one that’s in a part that gets really hot and cools down a lot over use. Cold joints (rough looking solder that didn’t fully melt when put together) or mechanically damaged one’s crack super easily. Same with joints that were done on a dirty surface and don’t wet properly.   I don’t know how relevant that is to industrial scale, but I can see any of these happening in a factory trying to cram out connectors as fast as they can for as cheap as possible…
Soldering pins like this will very often create problems because the solder will wick up the stranded wire. This makes things significantly less flexible and bending forces are more likely to cause breaks/cracks in the wire and solder. For situations that need any flexi should only be crimped.
Nvidia said this was tested and tested , they really need to test the people who tested i bet none of them are electrical engineer's
I'm not particularly sold on Igor's conclusion. Of the melted plug I've seen, the melting is worst at the very end of the male plug. The plastic is gonna melt first where the source of the heat is coming from, so it seems to stand to reason that the problem point may indeed be in the actual plug. Poor (but not broken) connections with significant current going through them can create a bunch of heat (this is literally how welding works). It seems like the pin design may be poor and, when some people plug it in, they just happen to get a poor connection, but not broken enough to cause the video card to not work.  (Do you actually NEED power to ALL of the pins at the GPU? If not, it could just be consistently shorting out trying to pull power through the pin with the poor connection while could be pulling enough power to actually run from the other pins. Not sure what the GPU actually needs to see as power input.)
Are these being soldered by robots, technicians, or mole people?
more likely if the pad dosent break 100% you have the current going though a lower gauge and that causes heat more than breaking it off completly
Nvidia not following KISS principle. For those who don't know, it's "keep it simple stupid".
NVIDIA : 🤐
1 of 10 people who the video posted in the first second and commented. 1 of 39.000 of first 39000th to see the full video of 15 min in the FIRST 22 min period of time.
"you cannot identify a problem, that does not exist (according to us)" - Nvidia.... probably....
So if I get a 4090 I would also just use a atx 3.0 psu? Got it
Yea-yea. I'll just buy AMD gpu if i want one. I'll be voting with my wallet. Nividia doesn't get my money cuz stupid connector.
wait so its just 12v why not just have 2 really beefy connectors insted of the 12 dinky ones.
The curse of lead free solder.
This is what confused me in the beginning: you have less cables going INTO the plug then the plug has pins and i couldnt wrapp my head around how that works. I just didn`t think that this could be the problem.
I’m always surprised that PC parts manufacturers are so far removed from simply using automotive style connectors for things like graphics cards.  Something like a deutsch or ampseal connectors would easily handle the power delivery needs with plenty of safety factor
My 1000watt Corsair power supply was made to dual 2 3090's with a bridge I am sure I need to run it a while to break it in
They should have re-designed the adapter so that the distribution block is separate from the connector, and had separate wires going into each pin. That way there is no risk of this ever happening again. Will a solution like this look uglier? Yes and no! Will it be safer in operation? Yes! Will there be more melted plastic? No!  It is completely possible to make it so that all the +12v and -12v wires are on separate bus-bars in the middle of the cable, with the corresponding 6+6 wires going out to each respective pin on the connector. With a solution like this, you can make the wire going into the connector circular. It should also be possible to make the adapter cable longer, so that the bus bar section can be hidden under a PSU shroud (by also running thicker gauge wire from the bus bars)
What was the other cable that Jay @14:17? IS that from a PSU or something else?
All of this because they designed this so tiny for no reason just to save some bucks on PCB size - disgusting. Instead, they should just add 4 pins to the existing 8-pin slot and make it 50% bigger - that's it.
when Jayz says watts we are talking about 600W/12V=50A (current) going through 2 small wires (25A/wire when it should be 8.33A/wire on 6 wires) each x8pcie had 3 wires for +12V so a 3 connector 3090ti had 9 wires for let's say 450W/12V=37.5A (4.16A/wire) you're (exagerated) trying to empty a water dam through a mcdonald straw...bad
Question: is melting an issue? You melt plastics all the time on your 3d printer. Burning is an issue!
It's likely not occurring when the pins are totally disconnected, but when the pad breaks and causes an intermittent connection. Burnt connectors like that are usually from wayyy too much current or (more likely) intermittent connections arcing.
3:32 :D :D :D ROFL
I think the problem is bad soldering on tab. If you make a cold spot soldering joint the current will raise and if the current raise the temperature will raise too. Its like to lose joint with screw contact you will make a hot spot and a hot spot is hot ! Its difficult to replicate with a solder joint. Its stupid too make this connector. If you need three put three connectors for the safety. Its like the film Christmas vacation with Chevy Chase with theses multiple connections to light up his house.
Igor put out a great blog post, this video doesn't do it justice tbh.
Isn’t it easier just to upgrade a new psu which comes with the correct cable and no need to use the adapter cable.
How about the graphics card itself.. failures in engineering tend to be contagious
so just don't use NVIDIA's branded cable.
I'm surprised GamerNexus isn't on this subject as this would be right up his alley
great. now that i've seen the soldering on those cables i'm even more concerned...
You have to use the molex adapter.
When company thinks about profit instead of quality. This is what will happened.  Seriously, when I heard the 40 series card is going to come out, I was like, "Hey NVIDIA, you are not a mobile phone company, get your stuff sorted out before marketing"
I'm confused why they felt they needed a brand new connector when there are already plenty of already existing high current crimped connectors that would have worked just fine (assuming they used factory tooling for the crimps and didn't cheap out with generic tooling)
The problem is not the cut wire itself. The rest off the cables can handel the voltage. The most probable cause off the melting is when the solder brakes but remains in close contact and it starts to arc between the cable and solder point. All electrical görs start Frome bad contact not a Cut contact.
Soo the new cable is just dedicated cables to pins at the end, all the way through the connector, with no soldered connection (like normal connectors) and the "adapter" cable is soldered to a little union thing and then spat out the other end? And is THAT atx 3.0??
Wait what no strain release?
I love testing videos
For what it is providing power to, should be a far superior cable in sophistication and build quality, not this cheap creaky solder junk
There's plenty of metal where the solder is. The weakness is the unsoldered part. Thicker metal would remedy this. Bad design. A good power supply will evenly distribute the load anyway, so this bridging seems pointless.
Is it possible that it's arching out after it breaks and causing it to heat up same as a short circuit
I would like to throw something out there, just a thought that came into my mind.  With eVGA leaving as a board partner due to rising costs and had the potential for losing money on each card.  Maybe this is what other board partners are having to do to save money?  They were able to test the cable for its current carrying capability but maybe not with it being in a case so never saw the defect? 🤷
Nvidia contracted the molex to sata adapter, loose all your data company?
Please for the love of gawd someone send this guy a case to build in or something because he has no original content. We've been stuck on a fucking plug for 2 weeks now......seriously!!!
11:24 Not exactly the same. If the broken area of the wire/foil is still in there it will still try to carry current with less than acceptable surface area. This excess current will act like a much much smaller wire. Since the pressure is so high In this case it will overheat.
Separation it self seems to not be problem, it looks to be the placement problem. If power flows threw it even after it breaks and if its close enough it will create arc. That's what melting it. Disconnection it self if its far away not to arc will not be an issue.
If you get one terminal to break then create a scenario where arcing occurs.  That would generate the required heat.  In your first video you were on track in relation to arcing.
Paul has the most 4090 out there. It doesn't bother him to sacrifice one or two. Lol
Legit question, why do we use many small cables instead of a single bigger one? Is it convenience?
Broken connection could also cause arcing inside the plug.
What a hacked up mess. Thank you NVIDIA! That is some sloppy soldering.
The issue is not that the power goes through the middle wires, but that the corner ones (while not being fully connected) are arching inside the plastic, and that is increasing the temps.
The foil would be considered a bus bar
I havent watch the full video but wouldnt it not just be about the tab braking, but more of the break causing a short in the plug it self. As you said, just cutting it off or removing the tab would be just un plugging it, but if the tab is still there, the electricity would be trying to jump to the lead thats broken causing the heat it self.
As Jay pointed out, the fact that current adaptor is soldered and not crimped like the 3090's is the issue.  Even when done properly, a soldered joint can't hand the same strain as a crimped connection.  The danger is when the soldered connection breaks but isn't fully separated, it can still make a connection but with high resistance and will heat up and possibly arc as well.
This guy has no knowledge about PCs, keeps pretending
Maybe is the same factory that made the Ender 3 connectors 🔥
Only $1600 for an in-home DIY fire hazard? Sign me up!!!
Hey Jay, you can use the FLIR camera with a  USB OTG cable and a female micro USB to USB A cable/adapter, that way you can charge the phone at the same time as using the FLIR camera adapter.
Being a former Mini-Comp cert engineer I can see that you nailed it Jay.  I can tell by looking at the solder that yours was done correctly as it is shiny (Correct solder temp.), the one that failed the you showed is dull, which means it was a cold solder join and thus failing.
That's...a really freaking stupid design flaw.  How did they not see that happening????  Like, they're lucky it's only been melted connectors...in the worst case scenario I could definitely see this causing a fire.  Like, I don't even think I'd consider the cables safe for use since you can't really know if the connection has failed until you smell the plastic melting or see the magic smoke get released.
I assume cablemod's 12VHPWR to 4x8pin is also fine, right?
Need to rethink case design or pcie connector.
I still insist that using kind of XT90 for such current is way better than 12-pin connectors with tons of wires. Less cables, large pins, great reliability.
Jay looks like Batou from Ghost in the Shell
Using 1oz copper on a pcb will do that, use 3oz on ur crap nvidia. Tryin to save a $
Do cablemod adapters have this issue or is it only the ones included with the graphics cards? I was thinking of ordering one of the 90 degree ones when they come out.
Ill keep my 3080 thank you very much
Cablemod's right angle cables looking better and better 🥲
Yeah Buildzoid talked about the side bending problem in his first video. Happy I bought a 3080 even if after 2 years from the release date.
i never would buy a newly released graphics card, i wait for whatever problems they are to be fixed first. let them work out the kinks so to speak
The important part Igor said in his german video was, that this most like to happen if you bend the cable when it is still plugged in. The pins on the graphics card are much sturdier than the solder joins in the adapter.  So bending to the side while still plugged is worst case. He also said, if you need to bend it - do it before you plug in the cable.  It is ridiculous - in Germany the 4090 cost 2500€ and you get an ass cheap bad designed adapter that can smoke the card. 🤦‍♂
Having already cut back the connector probably helped it not fail. With the full connector still holding split contacts in close contact to one another likely causes arching between the two contacts likely deforming the plastic to a point it becomes a snowball effect on the connector via arching and resulting heat.
Igor kanns halt
When it breaks inside there is a high chance that the cable still lightly touches the pad (small contact area). I wonder if that would cause the temperature to rise higher.
AMD for the win.
you also may have the power arking when it is still close to the medal  \
14 gage is rated for 15 amps max, so you'd be able to draw a maximum of 360 watts without melting anything. "old" 8pin power connectors are know for being able to handle 300 watts and more as Psu manufacturers made those extra beefy on purpose ( so they could put two connectors at the end of each gpu cable)
So in a few days there are very concerning issues found that are very easily to reproduce... i ask myself how the heck did this become a real product? Did they not test it properly?
Doesn't make sense, if the outside wires break and it all goes through the middle wires then the plug should melt there. It is more likely that the external soldering joints are compromised so that the current has less contact area to pass through and thus causing a high temperature scenario.
if they were broken clean off and removed this would probably have been a lesser issue than it is since not only is it not connected, it's causing a bad connection and that in itself can cause lots of issues including excessive heat.
They soldiered those connections? What kind of fucking dumbass bullshit is this? You don't soldier high load connections like that, with low temperature soldier, those should have all been mechanical connections. I would not give any billion dollar corporation a single cent towards any fuckery such as this.
These cards unironically need industrial plugs and cables.
thank you for the constant uploads :)
It's not just that the outer wires breaking are increasing the load of the center wires.  The outer wires may also be experiencing electrical arcing between the broken pieces.  Edit:. For anyone that doesn't know, arcing creates heat.
Wow,  they actually downgraded their quality in cables, maybe they got a good deal from wish or Aliexpress:)
I'm no electrical expert, but working with machinery I've seen loose connections which are almost making contact to the point that the electricity Arcs inside the plug and caused them to melt. I think that once the soldering is broken and then bent to where it's almost touching, it will be Arcing and over time will cause the heat build up to the point of melting plugs
I think you may have misspoke. If the solder joints broke causing the outside wires to no longer participate in the load, then the inside wires need to pick up the additional draw. And from what it looks like in your pictures, there is a bus bar so the load would still be spread across all the pins. It looks more like poor/intermittent connection is what would cause temps to rise.
Solder the wires direct to the card, problem solved.
Quality issue. NVIDIA should send rectified replacements.
Igor 🏆
Crap design is what it is if it only takes that amount to start breaking individual strands within each wire
The term you're looking for is dry joint - dry joints are not only created by bad soldering / welding where oxidation or soldering / welding flux got captured, but also by mechanical stress that can create a crack promoting oxidation resulting in decreased impedance. In power industry it was long known that soldering high current joints is a bad idea ... a bit surprising why standardising body for this cable even allowed this design.
I think you can denude these connectors by just leaving the connector chilling in Acetone for a while. It will strip the plastic right off.
one thing that baffles my mind is, for years and years weve been fine using multiple 8 pin's directly into the graphics card. Now that everyone is making this a beauty contest were running into issues. go back to the 4 8 pin connectors something that'll handle the load without an issue. This 4 into 1 shit is going way too far.. Shame on the engineers..
So they cheaped out on the included adapter cables... considering the eye watering prices of these cards that level of greed is truly mind boggling.
Maybe it's not completely disconnecting that causes the melting, but the solder breaking and having a thinner/loose connection. With a  thinner connection, the higher the resistance and therefore more heat.
6 to 4 is dumb why make 6 pins if only using 4 pins just use 4 bigger pins instead
That's what I said on your original video: I was fortunate that EVGA sent a free braided cable with their 3090Ti and I use that with no problem.
Whats funny about the PC community is every year theres a new generation introduced. They whine and complain about the same sht and STILL BUY IT ANYWAY. hahahhahahaha.. all these pc youtubers know the nihilism of its fan base. You ever go to a PC discord server and the mods and people in it are condescending nerds?! 😂😂😂 Complain and complain every year and will buy it anyway. Hahahahahahahaha
am confused, if the outside pins are failing, then the inside would be the part melting as that is where all of the power would be routed through.
Thanks, you explained this simply enough that even a technological troglodyte like myself can understand.
This is why crimped connectors are better than soldered. This stupid adapter should never be used
Awesome tear down.  EWWWWWWW!!!!!!   Who in the world thought a distribution block like that was suitable?  Maybe with proper strain relief that would work.  But man o man.....that is a big problem.   I'd imagine a new connector and board design is in the future with a proper individual wire to pin assembly is used.   Its not like there isn't real estate available on such a massive card.
If Nvidia have any respect/concern to their costumers they should call back this crap product.
That doesn't make sense Jay ... if the outer most wires would brake those would not get voltage therefor they would not melt (the ones in the middle would melt) if I understood all of that correctly.  And if only the wire would brake off and the pin would still have connection due to being bridged across the  plug maybe the imperfect contact and sparks and what not would make the plastic melt but not the fact that you are pulling power only through 2 connectors. The fact that you are pulling current through 2 connectors would make those wires melt or hot .... so the middle connections would be affected .... the way that it's showing the defect it's clearly a imperfect contact between the male and female side of the connector or over current through the pins.
CULPRIT IS  Nvidia  SCALPING YOU and SCAMING YOU.   Well AMD this is your chance to shine.
High-current connections should be crimped not soldered. This looks like a cost-cutting measure to mass manufacture.  But there are likely multiple issues with this entire new connector that can pile up.
I'm no expert, but this sounds like classic electrical arcing to me. broken/intermittent/loose joints but power still being pushed through it will create the same scenario in almost any power connector I know of. I've seen it happen 1 too many times.
If the side pins were the ones getting disconnected, that means the bulk of the resistance would be in the middle of the plug, and also where most of the heat is generated, so pins on the middle would be melting.  For the sides to be melting it means that the middle pins aren't connected, however i personally think there's arcing on the sides, because Nvidia uses split barrel connectors inside, that will spread open when there's a bend sideways on the cable, causing a bad contact and arcing and then melting the plug
What the fuck is that 😭😭😭 Honestly... The two pins on the exterior are powered individually, while the 4 center ones are split... wtf make a bloody PCB that has a plane that joins all of them together... not that hard in a 1000$+ product...
Bus. That's the word you want.
The company that makes the connector wanted to save a buck and cheaped out on manufacturing.
So has everyone left out another VERY important factor? 16ga wire, Is designed for upto 13Amps of current.... X4 wires, that means, That connector is safely designed for upto 52A...  That card is capable of drawing 600w?!?!    12v 600w = 50Amps.... And your meant to use a cable that can handle upto 10% more amperage, for "headroom" reasons... 50A draw on a connector thats designed for 52A, Is pushing its boundaries a bit... Especially when the GPU can technically draw digits in excess of 600w..... Cutting it awfully close to its maximum rated current specs. and most definately isnt allowing for atleast 10% headroom, to keep the wires cool...
Outer SOLDERPOINT Issue. They should replace the cables.
Not first
I can hear a thousand firemen screaming in rage.
Why do you rely on OCD and not just do a continuity test?
NVIDIA engineers must have got their diplomas out of cracker jack box.
With what limited electrical knowledge I have, as I am not an expert of any form, it seems to me that if one of those wires broke off, it could still potentially arc across the gap thus creating more heat than if it would have a good connection, or having a complete disconnection
Could it have something to do with the  card? Your using an FE, the cards effected seem to be TUF and Gaming OC from gigabyte
I think a shoddy connection, disconnected and inside the harness still, arcing to the pad could generate a lot of heat
Yawn. As an ee. Speak to eevblog.
Plug is Much too small to start with. NOT suitable for the application.
Typical novideo
If all the 6 Positive and 6 ground pins are connected in parallel, why the hell don't they just make a connector with a single pair of 10 Gauge wires all the way to the power supply?
i havent wanted to post my melt but i will email it to you j. its real bad my whole connecter melted. msfs on a jfk approach where the card goes full beast mode on a 7 hour flight its so bad.
Easy way to remove molded plastic from connector, just dunk it in a tub of hot acetone and leave it in an ultrasonic cleaner if you have one. Plastic will melt right off.
so a billion dollar company went cheap on a 1600 dollar cable
This dongle thing is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen. I honestly can’t believe that some engineer thought this was a good idea.
It's called a "busbar"
Imagine if this was a cheaper card that everyone could afford, enough would be sold for a Class Action lawsuit and forced recall.
Lol, honestly if you've got the money to spend on a 4090 your life is exceptional and I have no sympathy. You've probably got the money to buy another one. We've got millions of people in the UK literally unable to buy food. Get some perspective
Metal fatigue, high loads, and possible internal arcing. Great!!!
It's not just the fact that the wire separated. The connector is still there being held in place by the plastic. It can ark and spark if power builds up enough.
So the connector is simply over-engineered to the point of possible failure is what i'm gathering from this. Even with a unit that is soldered well, that is a super sketchy connector. I'd switch to a connector that has the pigtail spliced maybe 6ish inches from the connector with dedicated wires for each pin for safety and longevity of the card. It looks like there's nothing but a sliver of rubber preventing those solder pads from arcing to each other.
Is Nvidia still trying to blow you off, claiming this is all by design/normal? Pffffh
damn, thats such an amateur/rookie manufacturing mistake, its almost hard to believe Nvidia would try to pass this off....almost....
Is Jay now a side bender?
Yep, even more happy with the reports that AMD won't be using this type of cable. Didn't have nearly this much quality variance in the old PCIE plugs
So they can fix this!
This was posted somewhere else already that the sideways was the probable cause.
Obvious cable design fail, still this what you get if in USA cables are not tested......
so am i safe by using the new psu, and no need to worry such problem i am so confuse
Jay being Jay, kinda recommending not to watch his previous video.
I'm going to skip this bs connector and buy AMD 79xx instead.
Nvidia needs to reimburse every 4090 buyer some money to cover the cost of a custom cable. That will be $75 for a cablemod one. This is as bad as the situation of 3.5GB GTX970.
let it slightly touch so its a "thin" connection that will heat up
igor wasnt the one who figured this out and this was already figured out days ago
Well tbh that's a relief it's a manufacturing issue with this stupid solder hack and not a problem with the connector itself.
They want me to get rid of my Lian Li Strimer V2 3x8Pins for this ? Hahahaha
I miss the old days when cables were terminated with a crimped on connector that was nestled neatly deep inside the plastic housing where this sort of damage wasn't possible
Say foil one more time!!!!!! 😂
maybe if we're lucky there will be a PCI 3.1 connector that is bigger than the 3.0 connector that fixes the problem.
Just use Car Jumper Cables already NVIDIA.
WELL DUUUH Jay! xD You recommended buildzoids video on your initial video where he very detailed layed out that side-to-side was the issue as suggested by cablemod. I was so confused why you didn't do the side-to-side testing on that previous vid.
Will that cord the safe solution work on the 4090s that is ask for 4 8 pin connectors. The corsair one you showed looks like it only has two.
Well this is amazing for the new gpu's :D
I had kind of figured that somehow there was some kind of arcing going on inside the connector generating that heat, and there you go. It's basically no different than household electrical.
Doesn't even have to have been bending by the user, just bad quality control on the soldering. This adapter is basically something you can't trust at all.
Dont buy Nvidia GPUs problem solved. Why support them after how terribly  they mistreatment to their customers and screw people.  DONT BUY NVIDIA
LOL I saw that post and thought "fuck, jay should really have cut open that connector instead of stopping because he was scared he'd hurt himself". That's really fucking bad. That looks worse than my worst solder jobs learning to solder, at least I went back with flux and re-wet everything when possible so the joint would be good once I got one. This should never have left the lab though, the original wiring method was clearly superior in terms of integrity, and you've clearly demonstrated now why it's important to use wires and not combine a bunch of them to create a situation where, should a failure occur, too few wires will be carrying all the amps. If one fails in the original, you still have 5 connection points, and there's more room for high gauge wire as well, so you can beef those up to 12 gauge even just to be double sure. Either way this is all super sketch
I feel like custom sleeved cables on an atx 3.0 psu  might fix this issue 🤔
This is such a poor connector choice. What were they thinking with this plug. It really dampens the excitement about next gen GPU hardware
Bus bar is the "word" your looking for Jay.
Holy crap! What a terrible design. It's much worse than I thought.
You should get ElectroBOOM to test these connectors for you.
Aaaaand just another thing to add to the list of reasons why I’m going all amd, I only got evga cards anyway so they’re gone as well as me lol
Power Distribution Plate (PDP).
I've got a 4090 and haven't installed it yet maybe I should wait for a revision on the cable.
BAD DESIGN NVIDIA
No matter how it fails, this is not a robust design.
It’s a stupid connector. Put a freaking tried and tested XT60 or XT90 on these cards.
Thanks for following through o7
No wonder EVGA split.  They must have seen this coming and wanted no part of it
So undervolting until i get my braided cable. Thanks guys!
I mean this should have been tested thoroughly before pushing the product to the market. Saying ''You're not supposed to do that because its not intended'' for a product this expensive and being assembled by normal people is unacceptable. The cables should have been bent every single way to detect this kind of failure because they will go through maybe multiple lives of assembly and storage.
🔌🫠🔥
Would you also say that Cablemod's solution is safe to use at the moment?
Crimping is always more reliable than a soldered connection. A soldered connection always introduces a weak point because of thermal meltdown. A clamped connected doesn't come apart. When I see automotive soldering I cringe.
the old robust 8-pin adapter is 3 power + 3 ground + 2 sense for a total of 150W, that is 50W per power-/ground-pin. the new flaky 16-pin connector is 6 power + 6 ground + 4 sense for a total of 600W, that is 100W per power-/ground-pin and the new pins are tiny compared to the old robust 8-pin adapter. there will be problems with the new adapter no matter how well they try making it, the pins are just too small and too few! the new 16-pin adapter is good for maybe 150W (25W per tiny power-pin).
Wait, Linus Labs didn't figure this out?
You face is stinky
This takes "Nvidia GPU's are ovens" to a whole new level
i still expect better quality for that price , their loss
The Audio is worse. Bad audio quality is something you should nail.
Finally, the answers I've been craving
Who is EGOR?
59th! Lol
Lol Jay2cents complete lack of research on the topic is just sad. Buildzoid already did a video and discussed the real issue is the metal inside the connector and this was mentioned by PCI-SIG. Jay once again being a hobbyist channel not to be taken seriously unlike Buildzoid, Igor, Hardware Unboxed, Gamer’s Nexus. Leave the investigations to the big boys and stick to fanboying about Nvidia products.
There hast been a warning for this bend on the cablemod website
JayZ the BEST <3
such expensive cards and they cant even make the cable right..... just wow what a failure... im just waiting for the first house to burn down.
Nvidia needs to do a big recall now...
So in other words AVOID the 40 series until they fix this mess. :)
This came out just a few minutes ago, and you already have close to 50 comments and 63 likes XD  *not* first!
Honestly the old 8 pins were fine they looked better provided better dissipation and didn’t require a stupid adapter. this was a completely unnecessary connection I wish they would just scrap it.
November 3rd can't come fast enough for RDNA3. 😎👍
Honestly if I am spending this much on a graphics card I shouldn’t need to worry about silly stuff like this.
Hihi
Let’s see it, love all you do for the community
Why do i keep watching this like ill buy 4090....ever
Igor is my daddy now
No one cares if you are first
These new 4090s sounds like house fires waiting to happen.
Nice
Nice work!
On another note I love you guys and all the content you put out. You are greatly appreciated guys. Keep it up
2nd! Edit : Not even close!
Can someone smell what Nvidia is cooking
Love the vids Jay!
First 50
Ready to watch
Wow I’m here fast
F
I havent watched the video yet but hell yeah
1 view. 43 likes. 5 comments. These numbers are perplexing.
first! Jay you rock!
Almost first :)
sho
Yooooooooooooooooo
Second!
I thought the beat was PH ngl
First like AND comment?! I might get a lottery ticket tonight LoL
poggers
47secs ago, man I'm early 😂
Glad I held off with my luck I’d get the melting shit
Hellooo gamers
10th
I'm glad someone's figured this out
Dang almost first
Nice
Bad cable quality........smh
Jay Pin this if you love your fans. 😅
Biggest thing since covid happened
Glad there are answer's
Yooo so early :D
EVGA
No I’m first
1st comment
first! lol, love the vids jay
too late
First?
Igor’s lab is legit!
First
First 🥇
1st
1st
First 😂
First!
