Watch our interview with Newegg (face-to-face): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1R4wbuXFII Newegg will either start repairing this or will fumble it horribly. Which do you think will be the case? Comment below! Grab a GN 3D Coaster Pack! https://store.gamersnexus.net/products/3d-coaster-pack-4-component-coasters Watch Part 2 of the Newegg RMA series here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL-eB_Bv5Ik Watch Part 1 of the series here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fnXsmXzphI
Funny this video popped up when i just had to issue a refund for a monitor that Newegg sent that was clearly the wrong model
And Google keeps my address a guessing game.
I was affected I just dealt with it. I only used one m.2 slot for my x299 SLI steel legends by ASRock. Later finished building my new lab. One AMD build and two Intel builds.
So they wanted to take back there bull and try to respin there bull! From what I see HE trying to admit responcibility for there action and respin there bull !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Serving your customer by SCREWING your customers. One Hell of a COMPANY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
newegg needs to go out of bisness. i put forth a petition to put them out of bisness. newegg is a corrupt untrust worthy company. fuck newegg
Nice bluescreen.
HAHA, that scream at 4:46
4:04  Personally, I think Steve should have pushed for someone on that list to be at that meeting.  Because AFAIK, everyone they met with were mainly middle management and had to answer to someone else, and frankly that was pretty dumb of Newegg to do. Because if I were in charge, and I knew my company was doing something wrong, I would be personally getting in front of that camera and addressing the situation. Neweeg's management are clearly cowards and are using newbies to shield themselves from being shamed.
The fact that they send a PR guy is already an admission that they are not taking this seriously. They see it as a public relations issue, not an actual issue with their business practices.
Literally pulling up on Newegg 💀 come outside
If you don't have Microcenter, is Aliexpress becoming one of the most legitimate sellers of PC parts?  Never had an issue ordering from China, and after hearing all these stories I am starting to think I trust Aliexpress more than Newegg and Amazon.
Newegg sent me two RX 6900 XT video cards in a row that were used, but sold as new. The first was DOA, the second was the same card as a replacement. That wasn't a mistake, not twice in the same week.
Life ban for Newegg
I wouldn't buy from Newegg if it was the last place in Earth
We need more youtubers holding companies accountable.  Love it.
Once there was a New Egg, and it was good. Now there is an Old Egg, and old eggs stink.
Thank you Microcenter. Almost 20 years shopping there. Never had an issue and prices are competitive with amazon and other online retailers. I guess it is why they chose their locations very carefully
4:45 they make new eggs every day
Got my new 13600kf and gig z790 gaming ax x for Amazon on Black Friday I grew up knowing Newegg was the best from my father and finding this out when I’m upgrading was sad :c
good on you for doing due diligence but if you're the average consumer you shouldnt allow a liar to just give you more lies and a coupon.
I love that they reached out. I didn't have 2 million subs, so they didn't reach out. They kept my $900 and sent me back their broken shit. Fuck Newegg.
Bring back Oldegg :(
in the uk theres no many pc shops you can go to, alot of them dont have them instock you have to order the one you want in
I've only ever bought dice from Newegg. Why does Newegg sell dice?
I know no one will ever see this, but eBay does exist.
NewEgg has slowly gone down in quality and service since the Chinese owners took over.
In the UK we have SCAN which I far prefer buying from rather than amazon as they give free next day delivery for the majority of items as well as optionally for a little bit extra coving you in case you damage anything while installing. Just wished to say in case my boy Steve reads this and didn't know.
I'm so glad I found all of this now, but a little sad I didn't find it earlier (just did my first complete build and got a few parts from Newegg). There were times during this build when I literally could've purchased a part from either Newegg, Amazon, or B&H and wasn't sure which to go with. Thank goodness I chose Amazon. Going forward I will do my best to avoid Newegg entirely. I don't care if things have changed. This is something that should NEVER happen and is more than enough reason to write off a company forever.
The part where you say the ducks are working for new egg😂😂😂😂
Since learning about how New Egg has focus on being Greedy cash Tyrants! That's ran like the broken government. over being the sweet mom and pop shop we've all grew to love over the years.    I have been sourcing a lot of my computer needs elsewhere since these eye opener videos.     This is a loss of over 6 diget sales per quarter for them. There are a lot of other resources for my companies to use. I have stuck with New Egg over the years because of how they used to run their company.   Sometimes Companies get bigger and bigger and they end up hiring people that don't know how to run the company and run it down choosing the dollar over anything.       Or they Just sell out and the new owner does not know how to  Run the same.   You never choose dollar over Integrity if you have good integrity the Dollar will always follow. The goals should be integrity over EVERYTHING ELSE!   If not then you end up like Kmart.
2:05 ...if these companies can keep each other honest..." Yeah, not gonna happen. I work at Amazon and I can tell you they're not honest. My experience with NewEgg in September '22 was horrendously stressful but I won because I have a long background in customer service so I forced them to stop screwing me. Once that [false fraud accusation] was resolved and they had reinstated my account, I placed 2 orders with them. The cases I ordered came in excellent condition, and so did the mobo and the CPU...But...The box for the CPU had a detached seal, and the seal for the box of the mobo had been cut open. I did talk to customer service and they offered to replace them, but I didn't see any indications of damage whatsoever, and the two parts (which weren't sold as open box) have worked just fine.  I have completely glossed over the amount of stress, frustration and anger this experience caused me, and the fact that every assurance that someone would call or write in 1-2 days was ignored until I started escalating to management. Even then, the response time was several days.  Thus, although I prefer the shopping experience on NewEgg, I will continue to use Amazon and other vendors to get products.
Maybe you can make a bent pin cpu coaster.😂
Well I don't see any of you videos until 2 weeks ago. Wish I had. I got a prebuilt for 3000 dollars from them last week. No graphics work, tried everything I could think of to get it working. Took it to the computer guy to see if he can get it working. Disgusting that it wouldn't plug in and work for that money. Horrible!
All this hate for Amazon is ridiculous. They never would have treated you like that and I think you know that. Whatever Newegg *used* to be like in the past they aren't now, and the world would be a better place without them if this is how they behave. I am much younger than you, in my early twenties, and Newegg has always been considered a last resort. It's seen as an unreliable site to order from, their products shoddy and untrustworthy and its services unhelpful. I have never trusted them, even when I was desperate to get PC parts I would rather wait two years or spend an arm and a leg on amazon than buy anything from them that's used.
10 months later, Newegg still pulling this crap.
After watching adverts BEFORE the vid, we have to suffer ads IN the vid. Poor show.
I purchased a motherboard from newegg along time ago, i got screwed over and they never refunded my money they blamed me instead.  When i burly started building computers tiger direct and newegg were my #1 places know its microcenter and amazon i feel 😔.
they jusy blowing smoke dont fall for it
Steffani is cute.
You guys are awesome!
Consumer law helps companies stay honest more than laisez fayre capitalism
''Small numbers.''
That was some bickdick energy ngl.
Exemplar
I have been buying parts from NewEgg for more than 10 years but for the last 12 months I have gotten burned on 3 orders. I got two network cards that were used, one with no heatsink. It's all drop-shipping from China even if you select companies that are supposedly based in the US. Last year I ordered a new mb and received a refurbed one instead, in a box with a broken seal. Enough! Thanks for calling this once reputable company out!
You guys should have a legal expert on the writing side of the company, you keep saying 'I'm not a lawyer, but that seems illegal'. I know you can't or maybe don't want to flat out say it is illegal, but it would be interesting to hear a lawyer's perspective. Maybe like 'we spoke to a lawyer (not your lawyer) and they said that given what we know now they would sue had this happened to them'. I feel like you really could have strengthened these points, but you dilute them too much with disclaimers. Just to clarify, don't remove the disclaimers, just consider getting a lawyer so you can deliver the facts more confidently.
i paid for a computer case from newegg years ago, once it arrived it had a huge indention on the top of it like it had been hit with a dull axe called them to see if i could get it replaced and they pretty much said it was my problem now, that was the last time i bought anything from them since then Ive been buying my parts mainly from amazon and never had an issue since
Can i just get in touch with one of the smugglers and buy a board still warm from his prison pocket?
Newegg just scammed me out of $400.00. DO NOT use this company!
After 5 phone calls I am still out $420.00 I learned my lesson do not buy anything from Newegg !!!
Im not your normal audience I am a recurring Newegg customer who also can shop at microcenter or Amazon or even acer open distributor as ive had accounts for some 20to30 years with retail sales tax id numbers. Sometimes it just as easy to go to a retail store then order from my distributor. Ive built 100s of computers My older brother own a retail store that started in my basment years ago with my son. My sister in law owned a store. I've bought items from Newegg Amazon and microcenter  as well as from sevral distributors. I always build my own systems.
You always have toms hardware and monoprice.
why does all your shit show up when i google newegg? i'm not using amazon, those censorial fucks... what does google have against newegg?
And than suddenly u have hardware jesus paying you a visit
As much as I want to keep a competitor to Amazon afloat these days, I stopped buying from Newegg years ago. This saga is just confirmation I made the right decision, especially after how that 'corpspeak' meeting went.
It really seems like they were doing this on purpose maliciously i am so glad i never bought anything open box from newegg. The bad part i always told people nothing was wrong with open box items till now...
where is gn based?
9:49  tfw gamer nexus is standing across the street from the Corsair HQ and you work next to the building in the background of the shot 👀
I recently (Mar 27, 2022) purchased a new Gigabyte RTX 3070 for $469 on Newegg by a seller called "QINGERMEI" who suddenly disappeared from Newegg. I called Newegg customer support who could not find any trace of that seller so I made a "Request to Cancel", which may take a couple of days. I used PAYPAL for the transaction who has not charged my credit card yet...  Just another example of unexplainable phenomena occurring at Newegg.
I'm willing to bet it's a problem with hiring and training. If you pay minimum wage, expect minimum wage quality.
really wish i saw all of this before i spent 2.2k at newegg...
I've been having similar experiences with Adorama and their used and "open box" instruments.  Items in not as good condition as described, poorly packaged so they incur damage in transit. They seem to be responsive so far, so that at least is a bonus.
I've been buying from Newegg for a long time, I hope they get their stuff together.
Z
Wow, you sir, are a force to be wreckoned with. It's cool your doing this, because it's almost exactly how I handle situations, except my following is on tiktok. And I'm building my following, to get at shiba inu, or at least a developer. Different situation tho.
🙋‍♀️
So they want to regain people's trust, and the way they decide to do that is to send out someone who's at the top of the employee chain of people whose literal job it is to feed consumers bullshit covered in whipped cream and sprinkles.  Hooboy.
When they send out their PR director, instead of somebody from operations, it's not an encouraging sign.  I'm looking forward to seeing how this plays out. (I've been a Newegg customer for a very long time, with complete satisfaction, but have never gambled on "open box" goods.)
With covid crap screwing people out of their jobs and then the mystical chip shortages that affect even plywood some how Im certain computer companies are scrambling to save every penny to stay afloat. They are rolling the dice and selling everything possible in hopes they can make as much money as possible and the consumer will just not want to fight for their money back. They fail to realize that we are all fighting to save every dollar we have as well.
i gotta ask, do you really only got amazon & newegg in the usa for pc parts?! if so, im shocked! here in germany we got atleast 6 relative big companys that sell everything for pc div builds!
Send a high price lawyer represent NewEgg that threat a lawsuit!
NewEgg scammed me over a faulty CPU last week. I wish I saw this video earlier. Is there someone I can submit a formal complaint to to get my money back?
Newegg sucks, yes much larger.
by the way ,you look like me in 1976 haha
hahaha i remember back in the old days when newegg  ran so many nternet surplus computer hardware businesses out of business by undercutting them and selling stuff at cost just to drive people out of business...which worked for newegg. ...but hurt a lot of independent people.....
I can't think back to a single moment in my life where I've bought components from newegg or amazon. I tend to stick to ebay like glue.
I think this phrase betrays Newegg's true nature: "this small number of customers who may have been affected." They're minimizing the problem at the expense of those customers were *were* affected. If you were affected, you would not appreciate being told you're "small" and "perhaps" affected.  If this had been a mere breakdown in procedures (within a company that would never tolerate such practices), they would have referred to affected customers as "valued." Not distinguish them as "small" and "perhaps" experiencing disappointment/frustration.  I wouldn't expect Newegg to change. They're just washing it, doing their laundry in public for a plausible "we addressed it" stance. Reading between the lines shows they're minimizing it and still don't care about their customers.
I don't know if I've seen a more punchable face in someone's email signature.  She looks like she would claim PTSD from twitter posts.
Dude, you are so longwinded that I almost left your post.
cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeers!
*🦆🦆🦆*  QUIET ON THE SET! LMAOOOOOOO
Never realized how lucky I was having a micro center a few miles down the road.  Always been a good experience with them.  Especially the open box OMEN PC with a 1080ti I bought one time, where the 1080ti alone was selling for more than I got the entire computer for.  And it was just a floor model for a few months so it was perfect.
You should try to film in natural light more often.
Newegg send damage items and we all know this by now. If you building a new pc definitely beware of that company
NewEgg is now and forever on my boycott list.
I'm "sure" it's not systemic and only isolated. It sounds like they made up their minds. No investigation just minimize it as a glitch. Typical corporate America.
"quiet on set!"    XD      XD     XD     XD
I liked how you have birds spying on you but instead of Crebain like Saruman, NewEgg just uses seagulls. 🤣
What a bunch of scammers and idio... Forget about Newegg.
They could have paid the 100 dollars, got the product fixed, advertised it as such and made 400 dollars profit. But instead, look at the mess they are in.
You should hold the knife by the flat sides of the blade about an eighth inch (or less) from the knife tip.  Not by the knife handle.  Firmly holding the blade, run your fingers drag along the tape, the blade cuts only the tape between the cardboard.  This prevents cutting what ever the product is inside the box.
Good video
I'd like to see Newegg be better, and stop looking like an Ebay/Amazon clone selling pet supplies and other random garbage.
I mentioned this video and wrote to the email addr provided and even though my case was almost three years ago, they just offered me store credit.  Newegg owes you kudos.  From me, thank you!
You can guarantee anyone who doesn’t have platform sway, any normal everyday person will have no luck whatsoever with the returns process.  No matter what they say to you.
I, for one, never liked Newegg because of their stupid policies.  Only IF they have a particular product that I really really need and can't find elsewhere.  AND always buy with a credit card and not a debit, I can always call my card company and have them do a chargeback whenever I run into some sticky orders.  Had an issue once on Amazon, bought a very expensive laptop from a third-party on there.  Once I opened it, all that was inside the box was blank papers.  Called my credit card company since Amazon didn't want to deal with it and it was resolved.
When you start trusting Walmart computer gear more than Newegg.... they might have some serious issues to resolve.
I would almost guarantee NewEgg is buying damaged products on Ebay for next to nothing, and selling one for every like 19 working ones they sell, so the amount of satisfied customers isnt fully outweighed to the point they lose all credibility. Ive seen people do this on ebay, to where 10-15% of someones reviews are claiming the playing cards they opened were pre-opened and picked through. Just enough to make a large amount of people still place orders.
With the great resignation, what does anyone expect?? You replace all the workers who quit with any warm body and this is the result. #notrocketscience
Newegg used to be awesome, I used them exclusively in my earlier years because of the good experience but it honestly got much worse over time. I think it happened when they began allowing anyone sell on their platform.
Jesus christ get to the fucking point...
man... i remember when newegg used to be good... that or i got lucky numerous times on open box parts, but never again. just not worth it
I don't know anyone who wants to deal with Newegg anymore.  This is not a reputable, ethical company I believe.  Looking forward to watch the next video where you chat with them.
I won the Newegg Shuffle for a Asus Strix 3090 OC. I received it 2 weeks ago. It got installed over the weekend. It was DOA got error code load vga bios. RMAed it and received new one yesterday. I was nervous after seeing the first parts of this story. I've been a long time customer and this has been my first RMA with Newegg but they came through. Thanks Steve for looking out for the rest of us!
The “quiet in set” bit is a jewel amongst this brilliance. While I always appreciate your content, this series has been absolutely enthralling!
Thank you for the reporting - I have never been to your site before, but stumbled on to it.  I am not a gamer but the expereince sounded like something I have experience in another industry.  It seems there must be a hidden "play book" that PR and companies exec use or share.  By who I do not know, the expereience or incompetence may be just universal.  Enjoyed the effort and clear reporting of how much effort went into an endevor like this.  Never thought a youtube channel could be used so effectively ... hmmmm   maybe it might work in my industry.
I think they were selling stuff they knew was broken to the public on purpose. Then saying you did it to keep the money. It is very obvious!
I personally bought my pc from costco and it is really good. The warranty is amazing and I haven't had a single problem with it so far.
I miss 2005 NewEgg :(
Did newegg try to bribe you? IF SO RECORD IT. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM    "Newegg Tried To Bribe Me To Not Make This Video"    newegg not giving promized charity prize after getting publicity, etc  #newbrokenegg
I am done buying from them.  Up to now I have spent about $10k a year from NewEgg.  I have NEVER had an issue but this is totally unacceptable.
Microcenter FTW !!!
DO NOT BUY CHEAP CRAP FROM CHINA !!
This is dumb. Anyone could do this to literally any company. They all do it.
I mean I know newegg scamming people but this is a simple as calling your bank and being like no no no no stop charges now on xyz transaction
When your YouTube tech channel does better investigative journalism than national news channels…
Actual journalism, imagine that.
Newegg is saying all the right things, which certainly deserves some credit, but time will tell on the end results!
Well, now I feel like an idiot for recommending newegg for like 20 years
Bought a MB... failed in a few days, RMA, and in the process of repacking, My GF was helping re-tape and I caught a coupe strands of her hair in the tape.  Well the part that was under the tape stayed there. It was the robust 3M tape. Sent it out. And like 3 weeks later I get back the MB, and the tape is fully intact, No cuts, no new tape and YES her hair is still in the tape..... do the chat, explain, They NEVER opened it, The just resent it back to me. Fought with them, did not get it resolved, Tried to get a new RMA, and then was told it was beyond the return time. Still MAD.
I think everyone should SCAM NEWEGG, everyone go out and buy broken pin motherboards on ebay, and then buy an open box one from newegg, and return the broken ebay one, getting your money back and a free board
You should’ve put the link for the principal technology interview
I use A-power and memory express. Never used newegg but I was burned by NCIX and newegg seem similar.
Newegg is pretty nuch the new NCIX. They're a garbage dumpster fire.
I stopped using Newegg because of overly ridiculous return issues like what you experienced. Thing is, if they're willing to treat YOU this way... a respected youtube channel with 1.6 million subscribers... then imagine how they treat us regular folk. I'd rather give my money to a lesser known business that will treat me fairly than deal with this garbage.
If newegg see this. You lost me long ago when you pulled crap like this on me. I am happy you are exposed. Will never do business with you ever again.
Lol another company trying to save face while feeding you bullshit.. They will continue to tell their employees to fuck customers over and hope it doesn't get noticed again.. they're only sorry because they got caught
who actually cares man, your original video on newEgg was good and helped shed some light on how sht they are but the rest of this is showmanship crap.   No one cares, order off better sites and that's the end of that story.
Does micro center mail their parts?
I wish I had the money to build myself another computer because I want one.lol
Love your channel, you guys are amazing!
NewEgg used to be great.  My last experience with them was around 4 or 5 years ago.  My account, which I hadn't used to order anything in a couple of years, got compromised and a scammer fraudulently purchased iTunes gift cards using my credit card.  For starters, NewEgg didn't want to refund the purchase.  Then, instead of recovering my account, they deleted my account and all of my ordering history.  Then, the kicker, they kept spamming me at the email address on that account (with no way to stop it) even after they disabled the account.  It's really sad, because they used to have some of the best customer service in the industry.
Confirmed: Is a duel in the wild west ;)
Man, these guys go above and beyond when it comes to keeping companies accountable and helping us consumers. Gamers nexus goes hard in the paint! Way to go guys. Please keep being amazing
Lot of this has to do with neurodiverse vs neurotypical communication and perspective differences, but solution is simple. Take a picture of items before shipping and take picture upon inspection. have a system of record. lose the marketing talk because it's a lot of words and it's a waste of energy.
Unfortunately, now they're gonna get a bunch of assholes who break their shit due to incompetence or just being an asshole, returning it and fighting them using this situation as ammo. Definitely necessary to do this that's for sure.... but I can't help think about all the dicks they're gonna have to deal with now using this to be dicks.
Man....I always had problems with Newegg in the Army, couple of my fellow soldiers did too. Nuts.
I enjoy how you use jargon like "RMA" but can't be bothered to explain the term upon first use.
Naughty geese !
I love this Steve. Newegg fucked you guys and so many others, Gamers Nexus goes online, makes videos, and has made buttload more money from views than $500 they got screwed by courtesy of oldegg lol
This is the classic sign of a company under stress and in decline. Screw the customers for immediate gain and soon you have to offer impossible deals to get them back, all of which just leads to a vicious circle around the drain.
I bought a dual burner dvd burner from Newegg, it only made coasters.  I tried to return it they ignored my emails. I posted a review about it making coasters and being ignored at their website under the reviews of the product. They deleted it. I have never ordered from them again.
Looks like ill never buy anything from New egg ever again
Lots of BS in that letter.
It kind of makes the case for brick and mortar computer stores.
I've sub'd because you are honest- stay honest ;-)
I used to buy, mostly, all my computer tech from NewEgg. Now not so much.  Hopefully they are just not waiting for the Chinese social scoring algorithms to hit the US , but will sincerely change.
I'm just trying to remember another case of ANY media ANYWHERE doing ANYTHING LIKE THIS. Yeah, can't. I'm shocked and also not surprised, you guys rock. I was there back in the Principled Technologies video too. Something bad happened to us. Here's what we're gonna do: we're gonna use this as a dialog and education tool. you're definitely tech JESUS!
Thanks, Nexus. Never dealt with Newegg, but, owing to yours and other YouTube channels, don't think I ever will. They ain't the only act out there.
Gamers Nexus is going to have to start using a decoy to order parts from Newegg.
Am sticking with Amazon my microcenter is a good drive away
never will i buy from newegg again !
I just have so much overwhelming respect for your journalistic (and personal) integrity with these situations!
so just mobos and cpus? im still fucked with my 1000 dollar laptop. got it.
Great lighting, hit the golden hour.
the changes they made: make sure people were screwing don't have a platform.
Never knew Newegg was right over the hill from me.
Sorry to talk off topic but this is where the smart people are.   Building dedicated  Blue Iris box for twelve 4k poe cameras.  Wanna keep the cost down, how much CPU/GPU will get the job done (moderate settings)? Thanks
Thank you for making progress with Newegg. I have been complaining to my rep at Newegg for a long time now about their return policy. I straight up told them I'm buying on Amazon because of their return policy. They didn't do anything so I took my business to Amazon.
No new content in 6 days? No update about the meeting? You guys ok?
Waiting for the GN season finale to drop....
I received a new 18T harddrive from Newegg yesterday and the box was too big, did not contain the plastic end caps, had one completely flat pillow. It felt like a big "fuck you" from the person filling the order. They say they are improving things, but this is the 9th similar hdd and the first to be packaged soooo badly. I don't accept their claim to care about customers. The evidence is contrary to the claim. Has ANYONE at Newegg had a staff meeting and said" "DO BETTER"? I think they actually HATE their customers. Hey newegg! The feeling is mutual.
#cancelnewegg
The silence sucks! I'm curious what went down lol 😁
I've personally never had a good experience with new egg and haven't bought from them in a few years because of this sadly. Hopefully they can get it together but it'll take a lot
"very small number of"... the same language apple uses when they screw up big time and have to do a recall.
C L A S S - A C T I O N  L A W S U I T !
I hope the overpayed leagalteam of rotten egg dident get you on thisone...
Yo, Steve, you still with us or did corporate-assassin-ninjas get you already?
Had newegg refuse an RMA return and charge me twice for the motherboard since I shipped the RMA motherboard back in the box that I had received the replacement motherboard in (different SN#) . So I use Amazon or direct from the manufacture now.
Test HAF 700 Evo against HAF X with 3080ti FE and 5950x with Noctua cooler. Plz also run second test with additional GPU installed (PhysX) just to see differences in temps having 2 GPUs.
great video appreciate it!
I orderd 3 motherboard from newegg the second one had ddr4 problems so I told them. They said no replacement has cpu bent pins? I asked PayPal to refund they did and after calling them had new motherboard sent to me.
Lack of content is getting me hyped that something big is brewing
Planned Obsolescence. Money trumps integrity. Your oppression is their profession
Anyone who cares about a market keeping prices down should avoid anything Amazon, even if it's a hassle.
Quite honestly, I haven’t used Newegg for approximately two years now, but for a couple items a year ago.  A build for a friend in the early Summer of 2020 I did all by Amazon, I’m almost sorry to say.   Why all of a sudden with 20 years of builds and excellent reputation with Newegg, can’t I find even two components to construct a rig?  Is Amazon buying up all inventories?  Or, did California’s Covid protocols just shut them down almost completely?  If I ever had a issue with a product it was rectified immediately, however I had seen negative reviews researching my items, but that was not my experience.  Just as you said in the video, we need competition, not just one super seller, paraphrasing.
Guess NE legal department is still working out the specifics.
WONT be purchasing from newegg then no $ for them bastards
The horseshit at 8:25 is absolutely laughable!
See if you can get any info as to why Gigabytes name disproportionately comes up regarding the defective newegg hardware
Hey does anyone know what mic Steve is using in these videos?
No new videos for 5 days after posting this?  Did newegg put steve through their RMA process and now he is gone forever?  I will be sad.
never seen you outside.. how was it?
Rest in peace PC Jesus +++
This is the exact same response that UFC tech received? seems they need that response often if they have it C&P ready
I can see you accepting like 25k to reach what you want with NewEgg. Its much easier then talking back and forth about whos right and whos wrong. Ofcourse its the wrong mentality but i doubt if it would be even traceable for the viewers if it would be like that or not. Just saying…
You guys keep the tech journalism legit!!!!! Never stop
It's been 5 days since this video was dropped. Anyone else worried? 😳
Respect for doing this!!
You guys still alive or what? lol. I haven't seen an update in  a while about this story.
I'd like to see NewEgg survive too.   It's a very honerable thing you're doing trying to fix things.   Keep up the great work!
So nothing new here. Standard issue corporate douchebaggery. Show the nerd a smiling picture of a hot chick pretending she gives a shit about his issues to make him feel better and start forgetting he HAS an issue since a hot chick actually responded to him. (funny how there are never ugly people in customer support huh) Then pump out social media releases how said company has a policy about how it does business OTHER then grab as much cash as possible in the shortest amount of time for the stockholders and board members. ABSOLUTELY SOP for big companies.  You sir have been befuddled by the power of pussy and subliminal messaging. DON'T give in!!! Resist!! That picture probably isn't even the person who wrote that email. Specially since they sent a dude out the front door to talk to you instead of her with a security escort.
Gamers Nexus is #1 Period.
There's nothing to discuss they Fkd up that's it don't Waste your time steve.
did we all forget about Tiger Direct? its the year of the Tiger afterall
number one thing is to stop re-sellers scalping mid-range graphics cards. they have the same problem amazon has right now.
Steve has become the Henry Kissinger diplomat to the PC building world!
Sooooo? Where's the interview? Has Newegg bought GN and silenced you for good? 😅
of course they are in california.
Let Newegg die. Unscrupulous and unethical companies are operated by people who live by those principles and people don't change. This isn't the first time they done this, nor the last time. They are just mad they got blasted this time.
did new egg kill steve?
Excited to see what happens.
Something must be cooking over at GN if there's no content yet.
I have worked at an retailer and these kind of RMA screw-ups happened from time to time. It shouldn't happen, but human error and some level of laziness. However we had systems in check how to verify is an item was put on stock via RMA. And using the S/N we could internally see if there were any RMA claims ever with that serial number. So whenever this happened, even with cases that were exactly the same as Steve's, we had the tools to check this and say "Our bad, you are absolutely right and we will give you the full refund".
You can pick from this list Newegg: No.
I stopped using NewEgg after over a decade of orders, because their practices bd shipping became terrible. Sending opened goods, damaged goods with little protection. Expensive memory Sent in envelopes etc.
We are not buying from #newegg here any more, after we RMA some hard drives we originally bought for our data-center, that we we ended up never using (back in 2013), and they sent them back to us stating they were damaged by us (when we didn't). Upon inspecting the drives they sent back, it looked like someone took a hammer or pliers and did some serious damages to ALL of those drives. So, this issue is not new, and certainly not due to "that one guy we just fired".
Back in the day, you gamers didn't give a Fk about physical retail electronics stores losing business to online retail until your little pathetic world got interrupted- Now your Fk'd - look in the mirror.
I know you are probably busy with Newegg  but will you be doing a temperature comparison for the Corsair 5000T? I would like to see the data on that one!
Monopolies are never good for customers but I'm loath to reward a company with my business simply to ensure there is competition. Computer parts are expensive and I personally can't afford to fund bad customer service just to keep competition alive in the industry. I also believe that whatever vacuum they ultimately leave behind will be filled by someone else, and no doubt that (initially) they will try harder.  Sorry, it's Noegg for me...
(I think they work for Newegg) lmfao
no video in 5 days. what happened?
#NoEgg
This issue with Newegg has been going on a long time. I remember many years ago before they were sold or people getting Open Box Intel boards with bent pins and some sold as new and then rejecting returns. It's been on many forums. Glad to see someone get somewhere an get this open and addressed. Main reason i quit buying from them many years ago.
funny Steffani Farmer has a different name, this is all kinds of sketchy
let be honest, the issue is they refused to deal with this till they realized who it was, regardless if it was negligence or a scam, it make no difference. they refused to resolve the issue until they knew there could be consequences. And no conversation with them will change that behavior, infact its a common pattern in most customer service situations. and the reason is simple, it would cost them more money to fix the QA problem(hire more skilled workers and rework the process to avoid mistakes, having 2 people independently check returns, for example, as well as doing adequate stress testing) than to just blow off legitimate disputes of their QA by simply putting the blame on the customer.
This is the company that was willingly forcing exploding power supplies into people's homes very recently.  There are so many people who are telling stories very similar to this video, going back years.  I don't want to only have Amazon either, but some companies need to die.
So where is the on camera meeting? 🥴
Words are one thing……….actions are another. NewEgg could just satisfy customers for a short while and then go right back to being “RottenEgg”.
Why capitulate? Everyone who’s had a problem should hold NewEgg accountable for its relationships with its customers.
My new ddr5 ram failed. wouldn't give me refund. I had it in a collection for months. I think the usb splitter did funky stuff as well. Probably avoid site. IDK maybe they don't like me very much?
ROFL, Newegg deleted my account and essentially banned me because I went through California’s consumer protection act to get my refund handled. 🙃 glad something might change.
Nah i believe companies like these,should be closed.some other company will take their place and theyll be extra careful
Class action law suit...that is the question!?!?
Thank you computer jesus
I remember when Newegg started and was handing out fliers at a CPL event in Dallas in the late 90's early early 00's.  They were so good for a decent while but slipped heavily over the last decade.  Less than a fourth of my current build from 2014 came from them.
I can see how Newegg could screw this up, they've only been in business for 21 years. </sarcasm>  Public Scrutiny > Greed > Integrity. Not surprised, but still saddened. Like so many others, I remember the good old days when ordering an entire system's worth of components from Newegg was usually a no-brainer. Even if they temporarily improve because they were caught red-handed (by someone that "matters" & can affect their bottom line) how long before things will be back to "business as usual"?  :/
4:37 LOL
they used this channel as their chance to do the PR spin. That email from them about the "small number of incidents" and internal changes IS the PR spin, I imagine they knew it would be read and shown.
Sorry,  you caught us.   Every customer is important to us,  after all,  how else could we make money off customer returns.
it doesn't matter what newegg says, I no longer trust them because of how they treated me before this story even occurred. I was charged for a 750 watt PSU in the prebuilt I purchased from them, and the PC came equipped with a 650 watt psu instead, and even still said 750 watt psu on the parts list on the box. with a 650 watt psu inside. I had already purchased an rtx 3080 to put in the pc, but can't do that now.
H O N C C
The speech is changing...
Purchased a cpu cooler and memory from Newegg. Package shows up on the 17th and only the cooler was in the package that supposedly had both the cooler and memory. Now I get to wait (3 to 5 days) and see if they will accept if the memory was actually missing. I'd have been better off driving 4 hours to Micro Center in Denver and 4 hours back at this point.
They got me on 2 Motherboards back to back. I stopped buying from them. The process was a nightmare and in the end i was blamed for something arriving to me broken.
You are doing a service to all of their potential customers.  I was considering buying a monitor for my wife. Now, I am reluctant in making any Newegg purchases because of your experience.
Gave up on NewEgg a couple years back.
Waiting to hear how Steve's meeting at Newegg HQ went...
Yeah, there's a microcenter near me and they are awesome!  I used to get stuff from Newegg, less so when they started selling non-computer parts and junk from third parties.  Anyway, micro center kicks both Amazon and new eggs butt!  Saving me about $150 to $250 per computer build which I give those savings to my friends and clients.
They will just call their open-box items “closed-box”; business as usual
I told you guys they never inspected it when they received it from gigabyte!   The tech at gigabyte should have put that label on the outside of the box or at least a duplicate.
When you buy items as NEW from them and notice re-shrink-wrapping on several of them, you know this is a repeat of the BS Fry's did for decades. Once, maybe.  But after the literally dozenth time, the company I worked for simply stopped using them.  I can't say the name of the company, but it's worth several billion dollars.  The new owners simply don't care at all, except when it comes to doing some minor damage control. B&H, CDW, Monoprice, and several others are still reputable companies, so it's not quite a dualopoly yet.  Feel no shame in taking these bums down a peg, as they will only change when it affects their bottom line.
I think a lot of problems started out when they were bought by that chinesse company, would be sad if Newegg truly isn't the same as it was back in the days for computer enthusiast
Starting to get worried now....Did they have Steve arrested for trespassing? It's been a long time since he has gone this long without uploading something...
You guys good?
Newegg lost me as a customer in 2019. Thank you for using your influence to put them on blast. Maybe they will take this heart and change. In my experience predatory corporations don't, but I digress. I will never use them again
Eric Wein? Ok, but Eric Wareheim would've been ideal...
Seeing that it's an 11 minute video. I don't think they spoke with newegg in person
brive alert....
I work for a Fortune 500 company that will remain nameless. I'll just say our revenue was over $50,000,000,000 last year. We used to order a lot of upgrade parts through Newegg. Not anymore.
They could have avoided this all by simply adhering to their policies. In an attempt to save $500 on top of doing this hundreds of times, it's caught up with them and will likely cost far more.  This viewer base is full of people who build PC's for their friends, families, and acquaintances, buying parts from NewEgg. If we no longer use NewEgg for these builds, I'm confident this will be one hell of a punch.
crap on a bit more next time - you could have given that whole spiel in 2 minutes but it appears you like the sound of your OWN VOICE too much, yawn>
You can't change the nature of the bad people at Newegg who allowed the bad treatment of customers to happen but you can give them a choice to fix their policies or go out of business due to outspoken customers.   My inability to get them to exchange bad products they shipped me (as new) was the reason I stopped by from them - even though they were the first computer hardware reseller that I had used for many years.   I bought new motherboards and video cards and some were defective.   I called and asked them to exchange them with working ones - they said I had to work out an exchange with the manufacturers - WTH?
sooooooooooooooo............. ? ? ?
sounds like you guys got your payoff way to sellout , gamersnexus.
4 days with no upload? Is something going on here?  Also.   "Before that" ❤
It’s funny how Newegg wants to be altruistic when facing a social media catastrophe. I feel like honesty and a clear direction, rather than downplaying and damage control, will save them here.
Soo Steve is telling me on North America you basically only have Newegg and Amazon for Computer Hardware???? In Germany are like 20 Websites from Businesses where you can get stuff
"Meet us here at this time and this place"  Dude, Newegg is a huge, huge business. You, in comparison, are largely nothing.  I'd be amazed if they knew who you were beyond a few employees. Your own posted messages had a measley few thousand "hearts" per comment.
Great coverage guys. Keep em honest. I want to buy a new rig from them, so hopefully they will try better now.
Corporate bullshit. Only matters when caught by someone with a platform such as yours. I am personally moving on from building computers because of corporate greed and resulting costs to me, the customer...
Sadly I miss Tiger Direct...
what ever newegg say their lieing, i wont be buying from that outfit anymore
Newegg sent out their Drone Ducks. That's serious. Be careful out there!  lol (FYI: Drone Ducks are allergic to 10/12 ga. shotguns).
I remember that Interview with Principled Technologies. It was good video and interview
I'm still surprised by the fact they got away with doing those shitty combo deals for Ampere and RDNA2 GPUs. They would list the vast majority of their stock of these GPUs as these combo "deals" to force you to buy other shitty hardware they were trying to get rid of in order to buy the product you wanted. You could return the other item in the combo, but they would still charge you for shipping it back. I also know for a fact they used this method to offload a whole bunch of those shitty Gigabyte PSUs that kept blowing up, it was one of the most common items in those combos with Ampere and RDNA2 GPUs.     Newegg has a long history of deceitful,  unethical, and borderline criminal buisness practices. They will continue doing this kind of stuff as long as they think they can get away with it.
I like how you can get scammed by third-party sellers on Newegg and then when you talk to Newegg about it they claim zero responsibility for having third-party seller scammers selling knock offs on their platform...  Shopping on new egg is like buying stuff off of the dark web don't have any expectations of actually getting anything of value or any customer service at all...
4:36 Didn't realize this was going to be a LTT Collab ;p
I'm so glad I have a Microcenter near me. Excellent service, good pricing and  surprisingly good product availability even with the current state of PC hardware. It's so good that it's hard to talk about them without just sounding like an advertisement.
sent my mobo to the wrong state and had 3 days straight of trying to get my money back
Where are you located steve?us?
Hello all tech savvy people!  I am a very tech illiterate and I'm hoping to get some advice from all you (even you Steve if you feel so inclined). My husband is great at working with computers. He built his own water-cooled computer, my current computer, and several others throughout his life, and has two different monitors on his desk. He has recently halted this hobby due to the expense. His birthday is coming up in March and I would like to get him something that might bring his passion for this hobby back. Could someone recommend some ideas to me that might be exciting for him, weather it is a new gadget, or something that might make his videogaming more fun? (he plays a lot of war thunder) I would really appreciate any and all input from you all.  Thank you
Its been 3 days since he was waiting at Neweggs door!  Did they "take him for a long drive?" Are we going to find Steve 6 feet under in the Arizona desert?  Is there going to be a class action lawsuit?  Newegg has been promising to fix this since 2015 according to commentators here.  I don't even watch/sup this channel and i ended up watching through this ordeal. STEVE Thank you for championing the people! Persons like you should get paid to go door knocking on these companies who are scamming and abusing their customers! Modern day Knights and Dragons! With new eggs.
Nobody in the tech industry I know has anything good to say about newegg. The company changed years ago and now is just literal garbage.
I have never personally had issues with Newegg, but I do appreciate your coverage of this!  Thank you
As a bud calls you, Thank you Tech Jesus. These people have been out of control for a while, time they come to the mat and get the crap kicked out of them or failing that, they get absolutely roasted via social media.
Im actively trying not to use Amazon. Theyve gotten rid of price drop match all together. I remember when it was 90 days, then 30 days, then 7 days. Now its totally gone and the rep said if you want the price drop match, send back the product and re buy it at the lower price.  So i did send it back and bought it from ebay.
Imagine being the employee(s) that touched that board after all this blew up.
I don't have a Microcenter within 300 miles of me and our Fry's Electronics shut down a while ago. The only way I can get a new video card or computer is pretty much Newegg. If this is how they are going to treat their customer's, I will drive every two to three years to a Microcenter to get an upgrade.
I’m glad this happened to GN. Exposing Newegg should help all of us in the future who purchase from them.
Newegg has been dead to me for many years.
If newegg is doing this it's because there is profit motive for them to be doing it.  It's that simple.  If they're doing it, then it's probably class action lawsuit time, otherwise they'll just keep stringing everyone along because at the end of the day, stopping the activity is stopping a revenue stream and they will not do so without strong compulsion.
I'm glad you are highlighting this. It's common for corporations to "unofficially" screw innocent customers. They do that by incentifying employees to reject as many returns as possible. This I guarantee is a bigger problem with the likes of Apple for example. Companies making billions in profits screwing loyal customers who pay a premium for a brand and are rewarded with thousands in charges for minor problems and defects which they actively try to block anyone else fixing. All technology companies behave like bastards to some extent and don't let the fake woke execs fool you. While they are all we care about diversity and the poor they are rejecting the returns of those who are least likely to be able to afford the cost for full price replacement. It's not people like me that feel the pain it's the guy/lady who saved  up to get a good motherboard and then deals with this crap. Given the expense of graphics cards this kind of thing means some poor minimum wage soul losing the equivalent of multiple paychecks when New Egg does the crap they have been doing.
It's going to take a lot for me buy from Newegg again
I was actually gonna buy a graphic card with a motherboard combo because where I am now GPUS are out of stock and extremely pricey than the MSRP. Thanks for saving me from getting scammed from my hard earned money.
WTF new egg is selling ewaste as open box and admitted to it?  How is that legal?
Was this your first time on an airplane or something?
I bought a graphics card from new egg for around $1000 dollars. It was defective out of the box.  I tried to return it next day and new egg chat told me there would be a $1500 restocking fee, then suggested I try a new power supply,  the supply was also purchased from new egg. I ended up having to get the GPU fixed without new eggs help.  They have refused other returns from my business with arbitrary reasons.  We don't do any business with them anymore and don't recommend Newegg to anyone.
I think @Gamers Nexus should upgrade the mic. It sounds pretty loud in the tops. Almost a painful to listen to.
Last thing I want to do is be isolated to shopping from Bozo.. Covid has shut down small local businesses so you can't even support local anymore.
Newegg has only one problem, and that's - they got caught!
Lol 🤣 quit on set I think they work for newegg 😆 🤣 😂
I live in Southern California I wish I could’ve seen you I would like to meet you one day you seem like a cool guy.
I've enjoyed using NE over the years also, and while I shop anywhere that has a good deal, I've always valued NE for selection and prices. I would never accept this level of quality (or missed quality incident) as acceptable from anyone, But... I must say, I have worked retail, and sadly, have to give NE some leeway here. A company's quality is only as good as its staffs' quality. If you have one disgruntled staff member, or overworked staff who are pushed by metrics, you can expect that they miss things, or outright run out of give a S*** once in a while. And even if it was 1000s of incidents over a few years, that IS only a small percentage of isolated incidents compared with what they move through their warehouses. I am not saying that I think the incidents should be ignored. I simply have insight from a retail perspective that things happen, and really the only thing that matters in the end, is if the company makes it right. That's all. I hope the talks go well and you all stay safe on your flights!
I’m changing my First name on Newegg to “Steve” 😂😂😂
"dirctor of public relations" aka "our best bulshit merchant".
Newegg on full damage control. Their chickens are coming home to roost!!!
Newegg have had a decade to do better since they did it to me, they haven't, they won't. They're scum and it's great their behaviour is finally getting the attention it deserves.
I used to order everything from them until about 5 years ago. I don't trust them anymore after they screwed me on my refurbished psu. I will not order anything else until I see further reviews.
I havent bought anything from Newegg since 2011.  I checked.  They went to crap.  Dont care what the results of this are.
Newegg sending the head of the PR Dept is a red flag from the get go. This is all about PR to Newegg, not customer satisfaction or a better customer service. This is common practice from Newegg and other companies, in the Airline industry, in fact in the retail industry as a whole. Once these companies have your money they make it very difficult for the customer to get their money back if there is an issue, they do this hoping you will get tired of the whole thing and let it slide. Don't be fooled, this is all about "The Look", from Newegg's perspective while at this minute some other customer is being screwed.
I had an experience with G.Skill who offer lifetime warranty on RAM and did not honour their warranty at all. I had RMA'ed some faulty DDR2 and when they came to test it, they deliberately damaged the contacts to say this is the reason it's faulty and warranty is void. Very shady business practice and will not use G.Skill ever again.
Bye bye Newegg
I got an EVGA ftw3 ultra 3070 from the Newegg Shuffle and it was DOA. I first tried returning it through EVGA, and they wouldn't even let me send it in for RMA because I'd signed up on the evga website using my middle name and used my first name on the Newegg website. I tried to quickly edit my info on the evga website, but they claimed I wasn't the original owner of the GPU because of that (even though I had the invoice and a picture of my ID) I tried Newegg afterwards expecting the worst, but they overnight shipped a brand new gpu immediately and I received it the next morning along with the prepaid label for the DOA gpu.
Looking forward to see how this all plays out. Would not want to be the newegg guy on the other end of the conversation right now
IN the UK we have a couple of mid size businesses but Amazon is the king of supply for computer parts, and often the best priced. I would love to have microcentres here.
Doing gods work
3 days later....nothing. to report?
Newegg is trash.   They sold out in 2017.   Clearly scamming people and stealing money is their business model, apparently.
Updaaates!! Whats going on?
I usually don't buy "open Box" unless my thought process is "if It's as FUBAR as some of the refurbished trash OEM's sometimes send out, I might be able to save it"  Unless Newegg and other massive retailers identify such products with 11 sirens, loud warnings, and a disclaimer form.  I will simply dispute via my credit card.
They were not "isolated incidents" unless you see 30% as "Isolated" .
Dang so many veiws. This is great. Thank you for doing this for all of us who have been treated the same.
Dang! If I knew you were going to be in Northern Cali, I would have bought you a drink. You are my hero!  (New Egg Refugee)
I missed the other 7 days Newegg crying
The fact that their head of PR will be meeting with you and not someone with any actual authority or pulling power in the company already shows a red flag that this is nothing more than a face-saving PR stunt for them.  There is literally not a single thing Newegg could say or do to get me to buy from them ever again.
Gotta love Newegg PR responses. Still, can't wait to see the interview with Newegg. See how they can lie themselves out of this one. It's about time someone to stand up against this and make these companies answer for their crimes.
Good luck guys!
I hate driving down into the Galleria area (Houston) but I do the drive for Micro Center. Always worth it, and they always either have or can get what I need quick.
Thankfully there is a FF option on this video.
3 words....... Class Action Lawsuit.
wow days without "news" on milking the new egg fiasco dry . did they lawyer up?
LMAO @ the "duel in the wild west" comment
Okay but Steffani is a cutie, Just Saying!
My own experience with Newegg overall ended very well. After a chat exchange with customer service I was  assured that the Z690 Hero recalled boards were pulled from their inventory and their current stock was newly manufactured boards not affected by the recall.  So I ordered one on 2/3/2022, I received the order on 2/9/2022, I immediately checked the serial number and referenced it with the recall notice. Unfortunately I was sent you guessed it, a recalled Motherboard.  I immediately contacted customer service and informed them of this. I was assured again those boards were pulled and I shouldn’t have been sent one. I was given an RMA and sent the board back.   It was about this time the GN incident broke. I was very nervous about this return and how it would play out. Mind you I’d never even opened the product box.  After several more contacts with customer service on resolving the issue and speaking with different CS agents in hopes I could just get another board not affected by the recall I was told they couldn’t do a replacement and would be refunding me.  On 2/17/2022 The same day as this conversation I checked the return status on the Newegg app expecting a refund notice and instead see that a shipping label had been created for a replacement. Not a big deal as this is the outcome I wanted as it’s the motherboard I was set on.  I keep checking on shipment updates and expecting to see a projected delivery date within a week or so, to my surprise the delivery date is 2/18/2022 the next day.  They next day aired me a new motherboard from CA to the east coast. Received it this afternoon and it’s GTG. I didn’t expect that and was pleasantly surprised by that.  As far as the experience goes and dealing with CS they were helpful but at the same time I think there’s a disconnect between CS and the guys on the floor dealing with the actual product. When it became clear I was getting a new board I contacted CS several more times to try to get some assurances someone actually checked the board I was being sent to make sure I wasn’t going to just get another recalled board off the rack. I was never able to get a definitive answer to that question, only the cookie cutter answer that the recalled boards had been pulled and I shouldn’t get another one. That’s acceptable to a degree but I didn’t have a lot of confidence in that answer because that’s the same thing I was told before I got sent a recalled board the first time.  When dealing with cookie cutter Q&A and tech support stuff, dealing with a CS agent would be perfectly fine but In this situation particularly It would have been nice to talk to the guy actually pulling and boxing my order up or anyone who could go actually physically inspect my order being able to assure me I wasn’t going to get another recalled board.  Every CS agent I spoke with was aware of the z690 Hero recall and I genuinely believe Newegg pulled the bad boards from their inventory, I were to guess based off of the GN incident I believe they have some issues with inventory and how returns coming in are handled.  Id say Newegg pulled their bad boards just as they’ve stated. Prior to this another customer who realized he’d been sent a recalled board returned the unopened board just like I did. This return occurred probably around the same time that Newegg got back their new stock of these boards from Asus, the unopened returned board that I got, got thrown back into the mix by mistake. Instead of being pulled like the previous recalled stock.  Though this whole situation was frustrating at times and and left me feeling uncertain, ultimately Newegg took care of me in this situation and made things right.
I thought there would be a video not long after?
It's clear to me that Newegg gives not two shits about what they sell, as long as they get their sheckles, an more importantly,  that customer doesn't have millions of followers on a globally followed scale.  What about the rest of us?  They can apologize all they want, but the damage is done, an they've gotten away with it for years since the acquisition.  (Longer before, but with a better internal spin-doctor). I don't think there is a PR firm that could reverse these recent events, an I, along with thousands or millions of others, will never purchase from them again.  I foresee that Newegg will get so desperate that their prices will continue into the too-good-to-be-true market until it fails an gets sold yet again.  Newegg, I think of now, will become another AliExpress or AliBaba.  I have to commend GamersNexus for this thread.  Just a couple of videos, an they've single-handedly shown the shady tactics of a far off once-decent name, an cemented their own death in the enthusiast market.  Already ordered some crap from Gamers Nexus (again) for pointing out the hypocrisy in the tech world.  Good job!
It's not just a problem with "open box" products. I have received used parts that were advertised and sold to me as new. This has happened to me at least twice that I can prove, and they weren't cheap items either. I have had my suspicions about a few other items I have received, but no real proof that they were used
F*ck Newegg. IMO
Nothing more than saving face. Ask the "small number" of others this has happened to without clout on social media and see how it ended up for them.
I am no psychiatrist but i can clearly this guy is thinking very hard about what he is saying. If i knew anything about human mind and how it works, i'd say he is under pressure or got paid so much that he cant even keep his hands from rubbing each other all the time. Typically when one hand rubs another, its a subconscious physical comforting liars use to comfort them selves during a lie or telling what they were told to say instead of speaking their mind.  I guess every man has his price and they found yours.
"some of you have microcenter" Literally a quality of life improvement living near one. They have saved my ass on so many jobs.
Anyone got a link for the video where they confront the bogus Intel X AMD reviewers?
FedEx
Thanks for adding the tweets. I don't keep up with twitter.
Canadian Spies!
newegg helped return a pc i bought that arrived damage received a refund next day
After the ad spot...guessing Newegg's going to mostly Be Quiet! about this?
Wow that PR statement from Newegg. Absolute garbage. "isolated incident", "small number of customers"... YEAH RIGHT. Fudge right off newegg.
I picked up a bundle deal from them awhile back. The parts in the diy were not compatible. Newegg could be so much better if they just did quality control...
I see you have two Patricks you work with care for a 3rd?
One thing I'd like to add, Customer Service Representatives need to NOT sound like they are reading from a script when they are quoting policy. Reading the Definition of "Open Box" is a lot different than referring to the definition of "Open Box". I once bought a motherboard and unfortunately the IO Shield was missing, I Called on the off chance that they could do something about it and whoever I got on the phone acted like they were monologuing off a script. I was later able to purchase the IO shield off eBay for like $3.
Unreal engine 10k
4 days later........
@4:45 Looks like NewEgg is reducing the prices of their line of gander-drones.
When did people stop talking about TigerDirect? When I was a kid the duopoly for PC parts was Newegg and TigerDirect. You compared prices and bought from one of them. They don't seem to have quite the selection Newegg does but I'd suspect that's in large part due to lack of popularity. I don't think I've heard any big scandals from them, unlike Newegg who has a new one every month.
I don't see NewEgg recovering from this ever.  I stopped buying from them after an LSI controller I bought "new" had already been opened and used.  It never worked right and in fact tore up almost every hard drive I ever connected to it.  I swore off LSI controllers as a result and now, me thinks Newegg had ought to do with it.
They screwed me out of a 5600x, PSU, and a case which had faulty front IO that fried my headset, USB, keyboard and mouse. I got 75 USD and a gift card and was told to buzz off.
@gamersnexus You are holding us in such suspense that I can assume 2 scenarios, 1 - you are really good teases, or 2 - Newegg shoved a cease and desist order at you????
"we want these companies to at least exist in a duopoly" is the most honest american big business phrase ive ever heard.
Steve, You'd have better luck trying to nail Jello to a wall...
Still don't know wtf Newegg did to you people. So you bought open box and got shitty broken stuff instead. Gotcha, seems like you're making a bigger deal than it is. Is that any different than buying a brand new 3080ti and it being DOA? Shit happens.... I'll still buy from Newegg. I'm sure everyone who got shit items got refunded easily by Newegg
22 feb 2022 no new content update yet. +7 days have passed...  The hotel room is empty now...  So Newegg found a solution...    .....(and Steve's remains are buried somewhere on the field he was filming on...) ;-)  We miss you Steve!
I guess i am playing devils advocate newegg is at least is pretending to care.  That's more than we can say about Amazon.  You make a video about amazon stealing 500 dollars, they would just say "Yup, thanks for the gas money homie" then blast off in a penis rocket
And y’all thought he’s called Tech Jesus because of his hair?
Now THIS is journalism, reporting instead of repeating. Fox/CNN could learn a thing or two from you awesome people.
I started having issues like this with newegg in 2015 which has sadly forced me to buy all my hardware from amazon.  I haven't bought anything from newegg in 7 years and I won't until they fix their issues.   I remember back in the day buying from newegg and being super happy and I enjoyed the experience. They were THE company... now they are a joke.
This EXACT scenario happened to me months ago!! I still have my emails! I didn’t know what to do and I never was able to get my CPU replaced! Thank you for your action, now I MIGHT be able to get my CPU replaced!
0:22  Newegg getting "me too'd".
Thanks!
Dude did newegg kill you? Been waiting for the next chapter with baited breath.
This is almost usless. Of coarse they will spin it into a small number of things got out, when in reality they do this all the time. The end
Keep up the good work. Although not sure there was a whole 11 minute video in this update.
Well, looks like Newegg has updated their open-box return policy.  Hmm...wonder what spurred that change?
is it just me or is that Steffani hot?
"may not be thoroughly inspected" -> "we didn't even look"
I know this is a serious video but... All I could think of is that Steve should be the mascot for PCMR :) His hair....... You guys keep being awesome and doing what you do.
Gamestop sells computer hardware online, cheaper than Amazon.
still don't think i'm gonna take a chance with newegg...
IMO LOL they got caught red handed and blame that what was in the TRASH got sold to customers?  I call BS IMO there is no way a bin marked TRASH gets into the wrong part of a warehouse to be resold
Shipping and stamping a known defective project to try and recoup a financial loss, and then selling that defective product after the fact as a working product in order to deliberately avoid the repair cost is definitely not "unintentional"
the real question is: Will newegg do anything like this for someone that doesn't have 1.5 million youtube subscribers?
We want customers to have a sense of pride and accomplishment when shopping on our website.
You're naive.   They once (in the last three years, no less) had a single RMA expert working in that office. Everyone else in the RMA section of the company are telephone operators with scripts. If they wanted to improve their service, if they wanted to compete for your money, they would have that office fully staffed with RMA specialists and entry level RMA workers rather than outsourcing to a third party telephone answering service with scripts.   Secondly, they are in full control of product quality, not the end user. Currently they are foisting all product quality liability onto the customer. It's unacceptable... and totally avoidable since literally every other online retailer, including Wish (which is a hellhole in every other regard), takes the onus of replacement, repair, and repayment almost without question, which is naive on their part, but ultimately the most sustainable from the POV of maintaining customer satisfaction and market share. They don't care... because, as you pointed out, they've got a monopoly. Amazon is not their competition. If Amazon's abysmal selection and fake listings and bricks in packaging and repainted/refurbished/recycled parts from dodgy Asian sellers is direct competition with NewEgg, then... so is Wish.   They have no true competition in the US and they know it. They'll make nice for the cameras because you all dogpiled them (I'm not complaining, merely pointing it out) on social media and they felt the burn for a bit. Five months from now they'll return to complacency. And the internet will have all forgotten and wonder why we were ever angry with NewEgg. Profits will increase.   But the RMA division will still be outsourced, scripted, and employ exactly enough RMA specialists (or people who claim to be) to make their shareholders feel comfortable, but not enough for customers to have a pleasant experience, because that costs money.
I preordered the 011 dynamic evo from Newegg back in December. A couple weeks ago, the case finally shipped, but never came. I called UPS about it and they said that Newegg had provided the incorrect dimensions for the shipment, and that they had been waiting on a response from newegg for a week at that point. I contacted Newegg, and they claimed that they didn't know anything about this, and told me they would get the shipping situation sorted out. A couple days later, I got an email that my order was cancelled and I was refunded. I have been waiting on this case for several months at this point, and its not in stock anywhere at this point. I also got a pre order discount which I won't have anymore when I finally have the chance to reorder. The worst part is that Newegg did not prioritize those with preorders, and many people online who ordered late January received their cases before mine even got the shipping notification. I have a feeling that they sent the shipping notification to me even though they did not have any stock, and they didn't bother to fix anything until I contacted them about it. Throughout this whole process, every bit of communication I have had with them has been because I contacted them. I will never order from newegg again if I can help it.
Thanks for fighting the good fight brother, respect.
Steve's hair with golden sun in the backdrop is beautiful.
I bought my PC parts back in 2006 from newegg and it was the leading online vendor with exceptional customer service. Sadly it morphed into a wolf in sheeps clothing.  THe PSU Exploding issue along side the crazy shuffle requierments makes NewEgg guilty as charged with what they did to You GN. Thanks for going the extra mile to get some answers to those who got royally screwed
Is Tigerdirect no longer a thing?
nope their not from newegg .... they did not dump on you lol
This is only a way for them to, again, brush it under the rug and wait for the drama to go away in time.  It's no different from when a parent catches their child doing something they do not approve of, and the child says exactly what they know their parents want to hear; "I'm very sorry, Mom, Dad.  From now on, I won't ________, and I'll try harder by ________.  Over time he/she knows they'll forget about it and he/she can resume what the child likes to do, albeit more discretely, hoping they won't get caught again.  I don't trust them one bit.
Fuck you're milking it tho
I've been refreshing this page daily to get the interview. Excided waiting for it :P.
Am I the only one that dislikes every single video so that youtube will stop recommending me this sh*tty channel? Here, have another. See ya next time unfortunatelly.
I am just catching up to all this. I was a long time supporter and customer of New Egg, but after a similar issue to yours, coupled with a total lack of customer service I stopped purchasing there. Then came the scummy package deals with GPUs and other hot items, I lost all respect. Also, allowing these 3rd party sellers to sell items at 3-5x msrp is awful.
I am interested in hearing from them
I'm kind of surprised with this, they've always been pretty good for either replacing or exchanging my RMAs with pretty much no questions asked.
So this is interesting and all .. and I will continue to watch these episodes, but... None of it really matters. NewEgg is going to pull out their dog and pony show for you and rub your tummies, etc...  But for the rest of us scumbags in the real world, they will continue to treat us like $hit and screw us over. Why? Because they really are the only game in town (there is no Micro Center near me - I don't even know what that is).   NewEgg know that they have us (commoners) by the short hairs and  they don't need to expend any energy/money/time to fix any of the problems that you have experienced (at least not with non YouTubers). They will continue to rake in the cash by stealing people's money because we have no where else to go. You guys will get special treatment and make money off these videos and the rest of us hoi polloi will continue to get treated like trash.  Keep up the good work though. It's nice to see that I'm not the only one getting treated like trash.
An intern will be facing the Gamers Nexus team . Mark my words. Newegg hasbeen scamming their customers for many years now. Don't be so naive that they will change their ways just because of a youtuber and their dissatisfied customers complaining online.  The best revenge is to make them bankrupt.   I've stopped buying from them. You should too.
Sounds like someone is drunk on power. You will meet with us on OUR terms! You have to convince ME that you are changing for the better! Don't you dare put PR spin on this! Not only is there no way to prove any sort of change has been made through a single meeting, or even the scope or existence of the issue besides isolated cases, but it feels like Newegg is just soothing the ego of a despot who feels slighted and is vindictive. Dear lord you even used the word journalism, even though this has clearly been framed in several videos already as a petty personal squabble and there has been zero effort gathering and investigating other alleged claims in order to make a compelling argument that it's for the public interest.
This whole thing with Newegg is really interesting on a number of levels. First, I have to admit that after being an extremely loyal Newegg customer for about a decade. I stopped using them when they refused to offer alternatives to using FedEx as their shipping agent. My problem was not with FedEx per se, it was with the incredibly incompetent vendor they used in my particular area. Shipments handled by actual FedEx employees is very good especially with next day and two day deliveries. Second, it is obvious that as one commenter pointed out a year ago or more. Newegg as a company changed after they went public. Originally, they were a very customer friendly company that sold a lot of good stuff and treated its customers like "family", as did the old Gateway company. Third, the Gamers Nexus host in this video makes an EXTREMELY good point in this video. Competition in the market place is immeasurably important. While I am glad that Amazon has become a big player in providing all kinds of merchandise, and in this case, Tech related items. They need competition to keep them "honest" and customer friendly. So, Gamers Nexus acting in the interests of consumers, and encouraging Newegg to be more customer friendly. Is doing the general public, but also Newegg, a favor by encouraging Newegg to do better. Personally, I no long rely on companies like Amazon and Newegg to supply parts that I require when I build my PCs, or need parts for them. I go directly to the parts manufacturers like EVGA etc., because I am dealing directly with the companies that make the parts and are responsible for taking care of any issues that I may have with their products.
100% right. Newegg used to be the one stop shop with a solid gold reputation. Wtf happened?
I stopped using newegg for similar reasons; this will help me decide if i restart using them again or not ever. #veryinterested
Still no post? 72 hours? Did Newegg have a Chinese communist party assassin waiting for you?
Microcenter is not perfect
This is the drama I needed in 2022.  #GamersNexusFTW!!!!
Meanwhile, Newegg's stock has continued to dip below 6 dollars a share.
If Steve doesn't show up to Newegg in Sheriff Woody cosplay I'll be very disappoint.
Just a thot...🤔...ask the Newegg rep what more you could have done from the start to have avoided all this bad revelation fiasco...aside from not buying from them in the first place(sarcasm). Thanks GN
new egg as a company is dead to me, i will never buy from them again due to this mess, and i will let my less tech savy friends know to stay away from new egg and exclusively buy from amazon or route me the money and ship them there items i can get from micro center
Well.  Haven't heard from Steve in days.  I think Newegg did him in and chucked his body into the corporate pond.
I Can’t wait to what the outcome will be to this meeting!
been using newegg for over 20 years since i was building 800mhz amd durons. and to be honest i never had any issues honestly. all my returns went well. actually i had a set of klipsch tower speakers. 1 was damaged. i sent it back they sent me 2 more. so i now had 3.. that was probably 2015. but all issues i have ever had have been taken care of without hiccup. biggest issue i ever had was returning a 1660 super i ordred that got lost in shipping. so they sent me another one. billed me twice. but the other gpu showed up 2 weeks later. my only issue was getting them to pay for return shipping which they eventually did but i probably have over 50k worth of purchases i had no issues with
Keep up the good work guys! Amazing
have to say, its incredibly mature and good of you to be giving them this opportunity. It's awesome that you are trying to think of the future and you want to make sure theres a healthy marketplace for computer parts
After my last experience with them Im just don't know if I will ever get anything from them...
And here I'm thinking, all the rep from Newegg will keep saying is how he doesn't have that information, or how he isn't involved in this or that process. And he will babble on about how important integrity and customer support is at the core of their company. Basically, no answers will be gotten, unless of course the rep is interested in losing his job.
Wikipedia: "In 2016, Liaison Interactive (SZSE: 002280), a Chinese technology company, acquired a majority stake in Newegg in an investment deal." gg
I picked up some merch the other day, to say thanks for going the extra mile. Even so I'm in the UK, I just hope other retailers see this and don't think they can get away with this.
PreOwnedEgg.
As to micro center…. Yeah they do this shit too, bought a “platinum series” gaming desk top…. FYI They are all open boxes and modified not with the parts listed on the box
I LOOOOVE the "take it to their door step" format of forcing these companies to own up to their behavior. Keep it up #GamersNexus
When's the new video gona drop 💧
You say you want Newegg to be the way they were before, but they have always been kind of shady.  As I said in another post - my husband (an IT guy) has been building for over 20 years and when I started building my own, he told me that if a part were to be ordered from Newegg he would rather pick it since he didn't feel Newegg was a good place for a novice to shop and that was about 15 years ago.  With more YT channels popping up that focus on builds, then more people are going to buy from them and possibly be scammed.  He would tell me he didn't feel their listings were as transparent, especially with open boxes or refurbished parts.
Microcenter is so great, lol
Gamers Nexus, you are ofc aware of this, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aACtT_rzToI  "Exploding Power Supplies: Gigabyte & Newegg Dumping Unsellable Product"  It's a video of yours from August 2021. Oh boy...
i have a RX 580 ASUS and it needs repair, i just tried to do a RMA and because i told them i liquid cooled it they say i have to pay $100's just to get it fixed, now i have no GPU and out of money thanks to ASUS, of course they wont do nothing for me till some youtuber makes a video about it then something will happen. I am so pissed off
Eric Wein is probably shaking in his boots. Newegg's reputation lies on him. I'm guessing he's up all night memorizing scripts.
I am not impressed by NewEgg's response.
Having come into this area (pc building), and this channel recently (since this sort of started, but not before), this is both exciting and dissappointing. Years ago when I was upgrading my PC and modding part of it, Newegg was "the place!" to go to. Its been quite a while since then and wow, such a change, and if I hadent found this story, I probably would have suggested my two friends, who are building new PCs, go to Newegg, sadly, because theyre my age and have the same dilemma: havent built a pc from scratch in a long long time. Ive shared this with them and they actually said they were going to buy from Newegg exclusively, but now, no longer after Ive shared this story.  So thank you for covering this and continuing with this, because the viewers and community here sort of know whats going on, but there are a lot of people who just go day to day at home working and playing, who dont even know this stuff happens and become more victims.
EVERYBODY knows whatever crap they spew now, it's pretty much bullsh*t... Only time will tell if they can fix their practices by luring customers back with insane deals only because trust has been broken...
I guess I got lucky with my open box abs system. Had I seen this series prior, I wouldn’t have ordered it. Ty for what u guys at GN do! I hope Newegg comes out honestly so we don’t lose a pc parts company.
Newegg has been shit ever since they added Marketplace sellers
definitely will not be buying anything from Newegg
I do believe that a Chinese company bought out Newegg, that's when I noticed a massive decline in customer service.
Steve, dude WHATS HAPPENING? You can't leave us hanging.
You can have microcenter as well.........Long haired Steve........Don't wanna move to LA for their ONE microcenter? No problem........Ohio has 3 microcenters and large breasted women at every store! Columbus even has a guard that keeps out the rift raft! It's amazing!
Sold as New Customer puts in THEIR bad board tells neweggs they did not need it, opened it, but never used it hey say RMA department sees it saying that, cuts corner, sells it then as OPEN/REFUBISHED Gamers Nexus Gets it, but THEY never needs it, sends it back. RMA brain dead, and doesn't see who sent it back, but does job paid for and sees then the ORIGINAL first swapped board.  So did anyone see where it was sold to new, and returned as what back to Newegg RMA?  Check out Amazon RMA, there is a guy with kicks in his name, that buys all these rma stuff from, and I have watched TONS of his videos where there was a box that looked sealed, but what was in the box was missing, or different, so why wouldn't this also be the case here. I say I never used it, i send back a broken thing in its place, they do not do their job, resell and its never opened, but then when they actually do their job, see that the board is damaged, but blame 2nd person involved ;)
Man, I can tell you that Ebay is even worse. They literally went out of their way to protect a scammer, to the point they deleted my neg feedback trying to warn others. I posted on their forums, lots of responses from users (was a rather active thread), but not a word from anyone at Ebay. Haven't bought from them since. Good luck guys, remain cautiously optimistic, and know that we truly appreciate all you do!
No new video uploaded yet? I think something big is about to happen...and Newegg f*ck this up big time. #notsuprised
3 days w/o a new vid... I hope Newegg didn't do anything to the team.
Well, I work in the metal industry on all things quality, proces security etc., from what I´ve heard so far over all the channels and people that talked about it, I can already tell you that this was definitely not "isolated errors". That´s a major flaw in their RMA process and checking/testing of items.
I’m checking this about every five hours to see if y’all have posted a follow up but since it’s been three days I’m starting to worry if new egg has found a way to make you disappear.
I love how they’re like “wow this guy has a big platform, he’s a massive liability” but also apparently Steve isn’t big enough to meet with someone other than some random pr dude.
Anything they take back and is broken can be written off in the books..It does not matter who did it...Make customers NUMBER ONE you will make more money in the long run.
We need to stop supporting Chinese companies and Chinese made products because all products made in China support slavery and genocide!
Where do I get this special ability to reamin committed to something before actually committing to it?
The problem is lack of knowledge of how the industry works. None of the people running the show have any experience nor the drive to learn. They only care about 3 months at a time. There is no long term planning with most corporations anymore, even more so when they can just get the government to bail them out with no strings.
When this is over, Id like to see a graph of the emails you received that had the same issue and if possible the date it occurred vs the number new egg believed had issues during that time.
I used Newegg and Tiger Direct so many times in the past. I loved them. As for Microcenter, there is one right near my parents house on Long Island. I miss going there. I'm in Toms River NJ now and closets one is in Paterson NJ
Are you mad screaming at the Geese!? Making the Cobra Chickens mad!? Jeez! You like to live in Danger dont you!? @gamers Nexus
you can buy more and more computerstuff at Gamestop now. they have GPUs now too!
FUCK YEA...Stick it to Them!!!
Am i the only one? or Steffani Farmer just kinda THICC?
BTW, could you do a review of a Xidax PC?
I honestly can't say that I have high hopes for new egg since they choose to have a PM man show up to the meeting instead of a manager that are incharge of the quality control
They have such regular turnover that you'll be really lucky to get any consistency in terms of behavior. Also, their tried and true method of just ignoring a problem and staying mum until it goes away has worked for them for years.
You are fulfilling your role as "Tech Jesus" according to people who run into you at a Microcenter
its a big business do you think they will fix anything overnight? this is such a joke...
Of course they say "It was unintentional and  a small number"  Legal wrote that.
hes getting paid the big bucks now and cash with it !! hahhahahaa  if you watch other youtubes about this their getting offers of cash as bonus to shut up
How much is small number of customer? 500 👀
Funny how social media are back-firing to companies that initially didn’t think about that use of them ! Nice work guys !
The geese made this video awesome 👌
You got my like when you caught the NewEgg scouts
BULLSHIIIIIIIIIIIIT selling broken pc parts as open box is FRAUD and not an honest mistake as they put it  open box not only means its working and in (near) perfect condition it also means that  it is basically a new part just with the box open as in a customer returned it because it would not fit in his case or similar . As soon as the original customer complains about it not working the gig is up it can never be sold as open box again   . You can then send it in for rma and after the company either repairs it or confirms that it is in perfect working order  you can sell it as an rma return with the companies report on what was done .
opening shot: RTX on
The thing is that most people would probably prefer cheaper price than better customer service.
Maybe someone from the infamous hungarian Mistral Computer has a position in the leadership of Newegg - Mistral made some very similar tactics approx. 30 years ago; when this information came to light, Mistral collapsed. (Some of the tactics they did: bought faulty motherboards and hard drives and sold them lot cheaper under a different trademark; if the customer complained, they have never accepted it and said that the error caused by the customer.)
@Gamers Nexus  Hope you guys ok.  been a few days now.  NewEgg didn't kidnap you did they?
Thank you for your platfrom... that's cool..🙏
As everyone waits with baited breath for the video of the meeting!
Amazing journalism. And integrity to your supporters. Thanks for keeping them honest.
Hi man I’m here because you paid for someone’s pc components at a shop and for that I’ll subscribe
Les go
Stuff like this is so damn wonderful for both commercial and consumer communications. Thank you so much for applying pressure on companies to either put up or shut up when it comes to their products and services. I support this 💯 %
What I got from a friend that used to work there until 2020 is that there were more and more woke entitled employees, this made a lot of the more competent employees resign
Unless civilization collapses, Nexus is the peak of 21st century personal computing journalism.
B&H photo-video , Provantage , micro-center just to name a few.  newegg and amazon aren't the only people that sell computer parts
That hair is epic 😻
I know the issue you are addressing is important but I'd really love to see Newegg explain bundling the exploding power supplies with their gpu lottery.
Newegg? Forget them . They are just the middleman with Chinese gutter companies. No integrity or whatsoever. Buying anything at all from them is a waste of money and time.
Was excited to see you guys recording at Microcenter in Tustin, CA today. Can't wait for the video.
This is why gamers nexus is the best. Can’t wait to hear Newegg’s pr spin on camera to confirm for us all that nothing has changed
I lost interest in Newegg when they started the 3rd party sales, and nerfed the power search.
I don't trust anyone who wears their hair down spread out as much as possible 24/7/365 like you do.  You are INSANE, and I see it.  I don't know what serial killer shit you are hiding but i know it's something you weirdo.
Man, what a bunch of *ing dirtbags.  At least when Amazon sells you some fake Chinesium trash they'll happily swap it out.  Newegg has been going downhill for a long time, but I had no idea it'd gotten this flagrantly terrible.  I can't believe that as a regular guy I'd have to take them to small claims court if this happened to me.. completely insane.  I'm deleting my Newegg account, unless they really go hog wild and dig up every time they've *ed someone over and make them more than whole.
Wow 👏  real journalism  😲🤙
"These were isolated incidents. Hundreds of isolated incidents that all have nearly identical details." lol
Tell em you want to talk individually and personally with every person involved in your mobo fu.
They're setting you up with the head of PR because the QA Lead might be too honest.
Blah blah blah... it's not just "open box" items. I have no way of knowing if it was an open box or not, but it was definately represented by them as new. My motherboard return was denied due to bent pins. I never even removed the socket cover, and certainly did not install a CPU, bending the pins in the process.  I suppose dumping exploding power supplies by bundling them with high demand GPUs, then not accepting returns unless the GPU was also included was an "isolated" incident as well?
WOW thanks for this info and the other video cause i was going to make an online purchase from south africa but now HELL NO , could you imagagine the nightmare  with faulty parts and the shipping cost at my expence. THANK YOU and UDF TECH for saving me the taurment and fraustrasens.
It's been 2 days.  NewEgg PR must have kidnapped Steve and Crew.
Their in house brand abs has some very unfriendly consumer practices, selling computers missing vital security updates on the motherboard and not allowing customers to safely update to a bios with them, advanced users can update them but run the risk of bricking the board etc, should really dig into all of their practices as a company. This whole story going here is not surprising.
Thanks!
Coolermaster HAF 700 review ?
You should do more videos outside. Also I’m done with that company.
This fucking channel doesn't even do tech half the time, it's fucking drama
While watching your recent videos I found out about the power supply recall from newegg over the 3080 bundles and mine matches the serials that are recalled. I emailed newegg a couple weeks ago and have had no response. I didn't want the power supply but didn't have a choice.
Saw your video update.  Please have your first few questions be: 1. You are the director of PR, what does your role entail? 2. In what capacity do you manage the RMA process? 3. Why are we talking to you and not some directly related to the RMA process? 4. Is the legal liability so great that the need a PR Director to ensure nothing is said to admit fault or liability?  If he can answer those, he’s someone you should talk to.  If he can’t, the only follow-up is to ask how long it would take to get someone related to the RMA process there to answer some questions.
The only thing NewEgg are sorry for is they got caught.. Avoid.
What’s gonna happen to Newegg stock prices?
Birds aren’t real
Inhale that out of doors oxygen.
What, do they have a log of who is effected by this crap? HMM.
They responded and said that your thumbnail looks like a fruity. Nerdy, douchey version of Jethro Tull
Newegg has a chance to make a lot of money depending on how they handle this.
Gamestop is getting into the PC game maybe try their service.
Damage is done. I will never buy from New Egg ever again. Over and out.
I have to wonder who got fired for this and how many others got in trouble for not checking that the person they were messing with was an influencer. And then how many non influencers get screwed potentially daily
I bought an open box and returned my broken one instead and blamed it on them. 🤣
Please please please do some secret shopper stuff with Newegg in the near future
If Newegg really wanted to fix "THE PROCESS", then it should (A) Explain the flaw(s) in their RMA system (B) Explain how the NEW PROCESS is (C) Explain how it can never ever happen again (D) create a 1-800 hotline for screwed-over customers to call in and have past problems resolved. I am personally betting they will do what 99% of most companies will do: (A) Put out a PR statement (B) Investigate and secretly fire the idiot(s) in the RMA department (C) Have a PR person meet w/ Gamers Nexus (D) Put out another PR statement saying everything is fine and dandy (E) Wait for everything to blow over (F) Declare victory and cash in on stock bonuses.
It's a good thing Steve didn't become a political journalist, he has no patience for PR spin I couldn't imagine how he would react to some of these politicians lol
Hey where is our newegg visit follow up? Were you abducted by evil newegg dock workers? Have you been murdered, dismembered and shipped to china in a thousand little newegg boxes? Inquiring minds want to know?
They either need to get rid of Cobratype from their site, or force Cobratype to abandon their predatory practice, of advertising name brand merchandise and then shipping the cheapest shit imaginable. Like Zotac GPUs for example. I know this is a small (ish? I mean maybe not that small) gripe, and there are more than likely other sellers besides Cobratype that pull this kind of shit on people, but this is something Newegg also needs to address.
Those Geese are Canadian. They don't work for anyone, except the Lords of Chaos and Evil.
“...Newegg would try to get ahead of this...”  I think he means, _get their ducks in a row._ :-P
As previously when I was going to upgrade my laptop memory upgrade 16-32gb. I for a second time stopped a Newegg purchase. The power supply video made me change my mind last time. As I checked their web site and at the time they were still selling those power supplies!  And this time it was the motherboard broken pins return issue. And after all this I still have not upgraded my laptop. To me this shows 1 I would have bought from Newegg and 2 there are not a lot of choices out there for discount merchandise right now, for me at least. I just wonder if this is indicative of pandemic culture or cancel culture? As there is not a big supply of parts and prices are higher. With less competition and supply maybe they don't have enough competition? If I could as you a question. Were you getting these comments about Newegg returns before the pandemic started? And thanks for all the great information. We all just want these kinds of things to have never happened in the first place. As we are all afraid it could become an industry standard? Also not sure when or where I will upgrade my laptop memory?
10 minutes commentary about the pre-meeting trip… clickbaity
Words are only words until they start doing what they say.
Is this the meta verse?
A PR guy is the not the best person for this type of meeting. They should also send someone who is in charge of the Open Box, RMA inspection process. In all likelihood this PR guy will just give a lot of fluff.
Whata the green stuff in the background? Is he outside? Dude what are you doing outside there's like nature out get there inside where it's safe
In Nov of 2019 I bought a video card that came in with a bent pin out of the box. They refused to refund me anything and only later gave me store credit while I was in the hospital, haven't shoped at NewEgg since.
Newegg sent me a hard drive with no padding/protection at all, just the bare HDD in a cardboard box. Naturally, the drive was dinged up, its anti-static bag ripped, and there were many dents inside the box from the drive bouncing around. Newegg very reluctantly offered a standard RMA, but no advance replacement or cross-ship. And then they hit me with the gotcha question (which also proved they never bothered to read/understand the problem): "is there any physical damage?" Well of course there was, but I had no way to prove that it was Newegg's fault. It became obvious that they'd just deny my return and claim that I damaged it. Rather than wasting more money to ship the drive back, I just stopped buying anything from Newegg.
Everything I would buy from NewEgg is sold by somebody else threw them. I refuse to do that. I'll hit up Ebay before I do that crap.
After watching this YouTube vid...I wanna play Witcher.
Good on you guys.  I'm with the tens of thousands of commenters who had been buying product from New Egg and over the last couple years have been disappointed with their systems.  My experience is that once they started selling other peoples products they went down fast!
I wonder if they understand that Steve is literally fixing their business and giving them a seriously big opportunity. I was going to just axe Newegg from my list forever, as if it was dead. I'm sure many did the same. Steve is giving them a conduit to geeks everywhere. If they were smart, they would do a giant giveaway or huge sale targeting enthusiasts with a 1 per person limit.
Damn. Content like this makes me feel so incredible to be a Patron for you guys. GET ITTT!
So nothing has changed. Open box mother boards and CPU, that's it? I ordered a Monitor from them last year and received a open box and damaged monitor. I sent it straight back to them and was denied the return and was told it was fraud!!! After seven months and 4 reviews buy the Credit card Company it was finally fixed. What was frustrating, the information and evidence they were sending to the card company was all fabricated and false Newegg spin. There first story was that they received a empty box, then they said the Serial numbers did not match and finally they said that they never sold the item and that I still had the item. After spending countless hour correcting all there lies and misdirection with their fabricated internal documents, I had UPS provide their documents showing they were in possession of the item and the distributor verify that Newegg did get the item 5 months before sending it to me. I am guessing they are having fraud issues internally which are being blamed on customers. I will NEVER buy from them again.
Steve went to Newegg. No one has seen him since.
I'm so stoked about all of this, hehe. So cool.
I think those were Canadian geese... figures. lol.
Independent journalist/review sites actually presenting the news and trying to make a positive out of a negative. Main Stream media is garbage. Kudos GN!
Newegg's "director of PR" for the meeting. Yet you are trying to convince your viewers it is going to be an "honest conversation"? Do you want me to laugh, cry or vomit? PR NPCs are like politicians; they tell you what they think you to hear.
"Quiet on set!" LOL
The fact that they are sending some PR person to talk with Steve is already a bit alarming. I'm 90% certain all we'll get are some pre-scripted answers parroted to Steve by that PR person, and a lot of squirming around the tough questions and allegations Steve is going to throw at him. It would've looked a lot better if they had chosen to send someone who actually knows what's going on and has some serious pull on what Newegg does in the future. A PR person has no say in anything the company does. They don't fix issues within the company. They cover them up.
Ok..did Newegg take Steve hostage or something?
Why would someone say "have a safe flight" when a passenger on a flight has no control over the flight? It's like telling a dead person to RIP, for one they can't hear you because they are gone on and two they have no control over it!
That new backdrop is refreshing 😄
I had my account get hacked, and alerted both Newegg and 6ave of a fraudulent purchase. Newegg's fix was to not cancel the order and let it ship, and instead ban my email address from ever being able to use Newegg again. Also the credit card used would also be banned and I believe my original shipping address (actual physical address not the thief's).  That being said, I haven't shopped on Newegg since. I'm not going to create a new account with new email address just to see their non-competitive prices.  Go get em!
Amazing green screen with Newegg spy geese included. ;)
Good luck. They burned that bridge with me and I will never do business with them ever again after spending thousands. Lesson learned.
Thank you and your patreons for exploring this rabbit hole. I'm pretty sure they will try to whitewash these issues that have been going on for at least the last 7 years.
Thats a huge green screen
This whole fiasco has cost Newegg lots of money I hope. My sister sent me a link to a laptop she was going to buy last week to see what  I thought and she sent me a Newegg link. Told her to shop elsewhere, which she did. $1500 not sent to Newegg.
right when newegg mentioned "we're chinese owned now" most ppl i know assumed "the deals will turn into price gouging, customer service will become hostile"  and here we are.
Excuse me sir, I need to buy your hoodie.
Newegg = Trash  I don't like to put sub-garbage in my Gaming Machine.  Newegg is trash and their "Egg's" smell like my ***!
What a lame explanation.  I could understand accidentally sending out a previously returned defective part.  I do not believe they have, multiple times, received those redistributed broken parts back and missed that they had mistakenly sent a known defective part.  I do not believe there was a mistake at all.  If they did not get caught by someone with a loud voice in social media, I expect their practice would have continued ad infinitum.  No more business from me to them.
Yeahhhhhh...this apology is pure bullshit. How long have they been in business, and NOW they've figured out they've been scamming people for years when it comes to warranty and damage returns? The only reason an employee would purposefully damage hardware and claim it was done by the customer is if he was instructed to do so by those above him. Otherwise there is literally no good reason to do so.  These days my go to hardware retailer has been Best Buy, with Walmart and Amazon as backups.
I like how you are giving Newegg the chance to share their side and potentially fix their issues. Y’all have handled this issue and your coverage of it well. I look forward to seeing the interview with Newegg once it is uploaded.
4:38 Birds aren't real, those were Newegg drones!
we need new parts retailers, not to fix the corrupt ones so they can find new sneaky ways to be corrupt.
This kind of content is why GN is rightly respected across the industry. You've built the brand into a byword for integrity and informed choice. I really hope Newegg are able to see this as an opportunity to succeed rather than a threat to thier "way of working". As you rightly point out, there are already too few players in the PC component space, and we are all poorer if we lose another one.
I'm almost in the same boat with pny. Received a refurbished gpu as a warranty replacement and it been having artifacts issue. Sent it back and they said that the gpu was physically damaged. And it was below the black plate and they even sent a zoomed in photo but it looked like it was grind off but I didn't know that or did that. And they said the rma for this one was denied.
I call bs, reselling item's as open box isn't something that happens by accident. Just covering their ass
I'm not sure who's balls are bigger, yours for actually going there knowing Agent 47 might be waiting to drown you in a toilet, or NewEgg for even trying after all they've done.
Hey Steve, while you're out there, might want to look into getting a haircut. 😁
Sounds like they understand their screw up and that was they were f@3king over a celebrity in the tech world and are trying to butter you up so you don't burry them in the bad rep they deserve.
I'm sure it is most likely that the interview already happened and the footage is being prepared / edited at this point as it has been a couple days. But on UFD Tech's most recent video on the issue there was a comment from a user "ncodexg" who claims to have worked at newegg and stated that they DO NOT have Cloud Email and the employees use old laptops that didn't sell. This would absolutely lead to a situation where a newegg employee who's job is to interact with many online influencers (mainly through email) loses important conversations because they are having to consistently delete old emails in order to make room for the new ones. It seems like a catastrophic oversight and outdated way of handling corporate communication which will no doubt lead to more bridge-burning miscommunication and screw-ups. I would love to hear a PR rep's response to asking if this is truly the way they have their internal communication structured, however it may not be an appropriate question for the context of this interview.
So why doesn't Newegg just stop sell the Open Boxes? Would seem like a easy fix.
The blowing, absolutely magnificent hair is so wildly lifelike, y'all have done a third upgrade yeah? Fantastic physics engine good job lmfao
Id put up a public poll of people affected as they did it to me on two orders over the years too and I stopped shopping there.
You guys over at GN ready to take on a new Venture and be what NewEgg once was a long time ago?? I'd buy all my gear from you guys in a heartbeat.
You are the first and only channel in my subscription list with the bell activated.
It is very important work you are doing here Gamers Nexus!
that green screen tough
I totally agree that it is in everyone's interest to make NewEgg a reputable source of stuff, like I, too, remember them about 15 years ago. Our choices are getting way too narrow!
Why is everyone forgetting about tigerdirect
For some of us it is too late for Newegg to redeem it's self.  I was a very loyal customer of Newegg for 20+ years and recommended them to friends and family until...  in (3) builds (2) bad power supplies (1 actually caught on fire) (1) bad WD hard drive (WD is my go to Drive for magnetic media and I have never replaced one that didn't give me years of hard use) (1) new mother board that was actually open box missing the back plate.  and (1) smashed to hell heat sink.  I will never use or recommend them again.
love the journalism keep up the great work
Newegg should rebrand to Badegg
I got the same response from Newegg in 2015 for a similar issue: My name is Sue Martin and I am the Global Vice President of Customer Service for Newegg. I wanted to write you personally to let you know that I became aware of your ordeal with the open box power supply that you received from us.  My team brought it to my attention this morning and I am very sorry for the amount of difficulty you have had to deal with for something that should never have happened in the first place.  In addition to watching your video, I have read the email correspondence that you have had with the customer service team and Ellen. My first thought is that it is clear that Ellen did not provide you with what you request – how did we send you an open item when you ordered a new item?  I am personally going to find out exactly how it happened and I will share the details with you before end of day today. I am not only going to get the full details, but I am going to look at our entire process to implement any necessary improvements to make sure that it doesn’t happen in the future.  I am very embarrassed that this has happened at all and especially that it has happened to you more than once.  I am confident this was not intentional; however, that doesn’t really matter. What matters most is that it did happen and we need to make sure that we do everything we can to ensure this never happens again.
It would be interesting to interview the workers at the RMA center, instead of the spin doctors at headquarters. This way, the truth would finally be revealed.   G
7:39 Steffani looks hot tho. Just sayin...
by the sound of it, from your last video explaining the RMA history of the board that sparked the whole thing, Newegg buy cheap 2nds or defectives and sell them as "open box" for near new prices.... a massive profit scam and i sincerely doubt you'll have any joy changing their minds. Sounds like they're just gonna be sitting there saying we're aware of improvements that can be made in our return policy and are looking at ways of implementing more helpful and effective methods to improve this.... corporate garbage meaning we know we're shonky, but it makes us a tonne of money so..... unethical but not illegal, although the rma history nearly points to fraud on their behalf.
#RealJournalism from this dude
Newegg = Trash  sometimes you get a decent product.   It's like shopping at ROSS lol.
Still no update hu????  Interrresttting....
They got me on a $1700 gpu in December been a customer since 2008 but now I will never spend another dime with Newegg they have lost my money for LIFE but I Appreciate the hell out of you for doing this stuff for the customers straight God's work
I did a build for a friend late last year we went thru 4 motherboards  before we decided to just get a new one. I will say one was sold by a independent seller the rest were sold by Newegg used, refurbished and openbox all had pin issues. I will say we didn't have any issue returning the boards for replacements but what should have been a one day job spanned across 3 months of motherboard shipping.
8:30 Steve pressed X to doubt
NOTE  TO WON  SELFE "don`t BUY FROM NEWEGG" LOL Thank you for your VIDEO :)
Newegg has Egg on its face! The power of Social Media Influencers is amazing! Thanks Steve for Kicking B@tt!
How much did they pay you for this video
"Isolated incidents". Except if you also watch UFD tech, it's not just returns, it's the whole public facing aspect of NewEgg. Failure to pay for work done, failure to provide promised prizes, failure on RMA, failure on communication with established creators, passing the blame on to people who no longer work at NewEgg. Like, this is a massive failing in nearly way a company can fail.
Take me with you next time, I need to get the hell out of Fuquay for a minute lmao. This fool's spring is killing me.
The new policy says 'take the RMA sticker off before putting the item back in stock.' lol
what is this video about? steve standing in a field talking about that he WILL talk to newegg... just do it already! just talk to them already lol
rip frys  I used  shop there
All I can say guys at Gamers Nexas You go guys! I think your approach is professional and affording Newegg a fair way to resolution for all.. It's in their court now.. their release of a no questions asked return policy is a start but a good follow-through is more important.. I will look forward to your after video!! Thank you for taking your viewership in mind and not just the best deal for yourselves
Don't forget the time Newegg was knowingly offloading bad  Gigabyte PSU's by the hundreds... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aACtT_rzToI
god i love living 20 mins away from a microcenter. god tier store
its the little things that count... 6:33, Eric should be CCed in the email, not sent directly.  am i nitpicking? yeah probably. but at this point you deserve all the scrutiny
They need to get RID of the "Marketplace" and get back to being NewEgg as it was!!
Processing error. XD Newegg is the reason why I switched to AMD, the one and only time I bought an Intel board it came with screwed up socket pins.
"Very small number" "isolated" unless these refer to their customer support these words are 100% bullshit.
I miss OLDEgg...  Steve is our savior! Make them change their ways!!
Go ahead, kill them with your boredom!!!
Truly dumpster fire.  Appreciate you all at GN.
I was diehard Newegg (bought my first ti4600 from them back in 01) until they did the same stuff to me. RMAs/Returns have been a nightmare for YEARS. It wasnt until a reddit post caught some negative traction that newegg support started replying to people and trying to help. For me, I had a mobo sent back to me that I RMA'd, still sealed and with the hand written note I put in explaining the issue, and it was still dead. I also was charged a restocking fee for an unopened, unused item they said was received opened. From that point on, I record everything I open/send back and only use Microcenter (or Amazon in a pinch)
The principal tech interview was really good, you're an amazing host, presenter and interviewer.
HAHAHAH
I just learned the Chinese own them , now I surely will never use them.
I'm not buying from them unless it's through another giant who can hold them to their bargain. They tried screwing me once when I bought from them through Amazon, but Amazon refunded me the money when I sent them instantly when I sent screenshots, which you KNOW Newegg had their account charged lmao screw Newegg. I will never buy from them directly.  I honestly am jealous of you. I'd love to be able to go after these corporations when they screw people over so blatantly. Keep up the good work. We all appreciate it.
The only thing they can and will fix is their PR. Ordinary customers can expect the same shitty service until the day Newegg goes out of business.
I refuse to ever buy from Newegg again after they shipped me a PSU that immediately fried my mobo on first power up and then Newegg refused to pay for a replacement mobo even though the PSU was taken back as defective. Such a shame...
They won’t change
Newegg sent me a Mobo that had no stickers. BTW, it was NEW and not open box BS. Luckily it works.
Just got a DOA Asus monitor from Newegg. Didn’t say open box but the box looked like shit and was dented in the corner... wtf is going on at the Newegg warehouse?!?
I have microcenter. But I like options. I only bought one thing from Newegg.
So this is why I still have a brand new Asus board that already had an RMA performed on it that was sold by Newegg almost two years ago that is sitting in my closet as useless tech.  If a class action starts against new egg I'll be interested at this point
Steve being like Activist Investor here :D. Interesting to watch.
milking this lol
Personally, sending your #1 excuse maker (PR DUDE) to the meeting won't accomplish a thing Imo. Be outstanding to see an actual CEO or Top suit at this meeting because there are fundamental flaws in Newegg's processes. Glad you are putting a spotlight on Newegg which has been a long time coming!
"verry small  number of returns". "Unintentional process errors and isolated instances".  What part of that sounds apologetic, remorse, regret  or even confidence inspiring exactly?  Sounds to me more like Apple and NewEgg use the same PR agency! That statement literally says oh who gives a $%#@ they was isolated instances to a very small number stop being such a big whinny baby! That statement represents ZERO remorse and ZERO intent to actually address and resolve the issue.  Just because there willing to meet with you does not mean jack really. They don't care, this will continue on, that much is crystal clear.
That statement was absolutely written by either a lawyer or a politician.
Sad that we need PR people at all in the world.  The average employee should be able to speak freely about their company's policies and practices. Ya I know, glass half too full...
I have little.hope prticularly with how many 3rd oarties they allow to sell. We just litterally just got moldy ass masks and when tried to return were told basically get fucked.
PC Hardware Police
RIP Steffani once these neckbeards see that picture.
They will talk the talk and try to convince people they'll walk the walk - but they won't.  What about people who were scammed 5-10 years ago?  I can guarantee they won't go back and try to fix those problems.  I really think Microcenter is missing a big opportunity here with pushing new online sales.  Newegg is full of scummy practices such as bundling GPUs with garbage they can't normally sell.  They'll do whatever they can for a quick buck.  These things aren't 'accidental' - they're common practices at Newegg.
Have they sued or threatened to sue you yet, to quiet you?
Love what the team does here for consumer protection.
Check the Newegg stock.  They cant handle to much bad publicity right now so i bet you they are scrambling.  Im sure more investors will eventually see these issues as a sign to replace newegg with another IT/Retail stock. Its either that or they get a big spike and then drop, just watch ;).
This is great of you guys. Even though I haven't shopped at Newegg for a good few years now, I'm really interested to see how this is handled. Not only what a talking head from the company might say, but what real-world customer-focused action might take place after. Maybe in a year or two they'll have me back as a customer and back to recommending Newegg to all my home-business clients like I used to years ago. I genuinely hope so, I used to love Newegg. Or maybe they won't, and I'll continue shopping at Memory Express (who I'm not totally happy with either), and the dreaded Amazon when possible. Again, good on you guys both for bringing light to all of this and for giving them a fair fighting chance.
For the record, Newegg isn't available here in Spain as far as I know. I don't think there are any major reputable companies other than Amazon in Europe for that purpose.
thats a really good green screen holy.
Corporate picture of steffani, professional company
Luvvv ya GN!!!
They're sorry they got caught.
Fuck Newegg
There's zero excuse to sell that motherboard with those bent pins!
GN is always cracking all the bad companies. Loving it. Bad Newegg! BAD!
WoW newegg sending drones now???
What would be amazing is if you could get every one of your viewers that have been screwed over to send you their details of what happened to them...then you can print out every issue along with that persons name (and maybe their customer number) and hand Newegg those 1000's of cases and then ask how they can say "SMALL NUMBER"...  THAT would be amazing!!!!!!
Thank you for this, Steve. Your honesty and integrity make you a class act, and the hard work you and your team put in is an invaluable service for the community that is very much appreciated.
Yeah no amount of bullshit from their PR department will fix that they have lost all my confidence as a customer/consumer. Not going to purchase even  a single fan from them now after this behavior. Its all empty prattle and I really don't expect anything to change.
It’s not just returns they’re just plain greedy and scammers. I purchased a graphics card from them but it received so many shipping delays I told them it had been delayed too long so I didn’t need it anymore but they still kept attempting to deliver it and refused to refund me I contacted them asking why they kept trying to deliver if I told them numerous times that I didn’t need it anymore. I wasn’t refunded until I contacted my credit card company from then forward I knew they were a shady company I am no longer purchasing from them it’s too much of a hassle and time consuming dealing with Newegg.
Even if they promise to do better from now on there are still some of us grieved by Newegg
Would really, really be interesting if you were able to get any sort of confirmation from GB on whether that mobo serial# was one that was part of the end of quarter charge-back....  How does something that comes back from RMA with a big 'Dead' sticker on it somehow magically end up in the 'Good' RMA pile?
This is great and all, but why the hell hasn't any of these bigger tech channels gone after these companies for scalping video cards? Newegg Bestbuy - and pretty much all the prebuilt PC companies are charging just as much as Ebay scalpers and it needs to stop. Even if some people are still buying at those prices it is a rippoff. They are literally scamming their own customers....
As fun as it is to throw mud at a multi-billion dollar company (with which I've also had some customer service issues), I do hope that something positive comes out of this.  The last thing consumers need is another Amazon monopoly.  Here's to hoping for some admission of error and a genuine attempt at improving things.  Steve's first two videos were pretty damning though.  I'd like to see a Newegg representative try to explain from beginning to end how Steve wound up with that motherboard that was supposedly tested, why nobody acknowledged him when he said he never opened the box, and how they could possibly try to claim thermal paste was involved.
I can't believe that Americans have only TWO online outlets for computer parts. Just two. And only one occasional store! I find it utterly astounding. Hooray for capitalism and monopolies I suppose.
So glad I got a MicroCenter close... better than OldEgg's recycled goods!
Australian here, thanks for your efforts
tech jeeezzuusss ftw!
Ahhh yes the elusive coasters .. can't wait to get these ordered.
Could you ask them if they plan on banning scalpers on their platform?
how about gamers nexus gets a grip, newegg this newegg that. here's 1 unsubbed you guys are toxic and dont deserve even half of the views or subs, some people deserve to get scammed ;)
I was Physically FORCED to embark on my personal amazon boycott upon discovering 'Fantom Drives' is being supported directly by 'Amazon' in their US Federal Prison for advertising "Fantom Drives hard drive upgrade kits" as "New" several places in all their items of this ilk, where they add a few 'Fantom Drives'-branded devices along with "Limited one year warrantee", assuming I would simple absorb the inevitable cost of LOSING 40+ YEARS OF MY MISERABLE LIFE collected in one spot on a 2.5" 5TB drives, 3.2TB to be exact.  "Fantom Drives HDD Upgrade Kits" include Used, Out-Of-Warranty-OEM Hard Drives!  Purchase at your own data's Sheer & Utter FULL-BLOWN RISK!!!   Your channel ROCKS!
A very small number of returns, a small number of customers. Wishful thinking? I think, based on the shitstorm of stories coming out, there is nothing small about this, and it looks worse that they're trying to minimize it.
Doing great work for the community. Bravo
this is pure GOLD 4:37 ; and then you cameramen zoom in lmao
9:05 Some of the users who may have been affected are bound to be viewers of this channel.  It would be interesting to ask if any of them has been contacted by Newegg.
"Here we see the Steve in a completely unfamiliar environment. Lush greenery making a splendid contrast to their usual background of tools and tech, we can only wonder at what must be passing through their mind. Note the startled reaction to some passing wildlife, and the odd assumption that the creatures may be somehow working for NewEgg. Perhaps there is a natural connection of birds to a company with that name, at least for someone so seemingly unused to the outdoors?"
Plot twist: Amazon buys Newegg, launches Eggazon and AmaEgg. You get all the features of a monopoly, such as higher prices, PLUS the legacy Newegg features of poor service.  But wait, act now and we’ll include no human contact. Ever.
man I really don't trust newegg.
I'm not a big fish by any stretch, but I'm the owner of a computer repair shop in Penticton, B.C.  Last year Newegg sold me a *counterfeit* nVidia GPU.  The label looked like it was printed on an inkjet, the logo was drawn wrong, the enclosed CD was a burnt disc with no label, and the installation sheet was photocopied.  Out of desperation (it was late and the customer wanted it for their son's birthday) I installed it.  Worked, albeit not great.  I tried installing the latest downloaded drivers and they refused to install.  Installed the *much* older drivers on the disc and it worked.  Gave the customer a hefty discount for the mix-up, but it doesn't matter because it stopped working two days later.  Newegg didn't want to return it.  I put them on blast and they finally agreed to take it back.  Well, that was the last thing I ordered from them, and unless I'm incredibly desperate I won't be ordering anything else from them.
Newegg, BADegg or just plain Foulegg. Which will it be?
We too grew up loving to buy form Newegg, so much when we introduced them to our employers, even when many of us departed these jobs those companies continued to buy Newegg because of the way they did business. When I departed the workforce to open my own company, I continued to purchase large amounts of products from Newegg for over the last 10 years. The first thing I started having issues with was shipping times being missed, we would pay next day air from Amazon and even though they were higher priced on many items, we have stopped purchasing from Newegg almost completely. Paying $20 or $30 dollars more on something for a critical project means nothing if you lose the job. If that were ever to happen, we know without a doubt Amazon will take their products back and fully refund our money as soon as FedEx scans the label. If we had $10,000 dollars sitting in the shop for a project that got canceled and had to return it to Newegg, we would have to pay an employee at least a full day wages to get an order like that returned. I have been following your channel for some time and you never said anything about their other issues, but this is a completely different story and since this hasn't been a one off. I believe they should sell out to someone that has deeper pockets and can run a legitimate business or close their doors. I want to see how they respond to your questions (Make them hard ones) and if not satisfied will close out our business account with Newegg. I just remembered we bought (2) 10TB WD Reds and one of them was DOA, we had issues getting a hold of them and got someone on the phone at WD right away. They told us these drives were not for resale as they were sold for external hard drive use only. Went to the Amazon and spent 25% more plus 2nd day shipping and got them the next morning. That is when we started buying more from Amazon. Don't get the wrong idea, if I could have bought them from SpaceX I would have. That is a snub at you, Mr. Sue your way to the moon looser. Elon, you need to buy Newegg and have another bat to swing at that fat cat beady eyed weasel weasel Bezos.
So I received the motherboard I purchased from Newegg in the mail today, I'm happy to report it looks brand new, it was spotless, not one spec of dust on there whatsoever, no signs of use, and most importantly, pins were perfectly intact. Thank you Newegg for not scamming me. I still think you're a scummy company. Had I known about the Gamers Nexus issue, I would have went out of my way to throw my money at Microcenter instead. I hope Newegg is held accountable for their actions and good thing for us consumers we dictate the market and will vote with our dollars.
Blink three times if you need help
There are more than 2 stores to purchase PC parts from, lol
Gamers Nexus must have brought their North Carolina weather with them because as soon as they touched down in SoCal it suddenly went from summer-like weather to cold. Thanks a lot, Steve!
Let's hope Eric doesn't get cold feet or else they'll send out the janitor.
I bought a motherboard from Newegg, arrived DOA. Asked for a replacement or refund, was told that it would take 2 weeks as I would have to ship it back, have them inspect it and then they would decide what they would want to do. I asked for a manager and was told “ we don’t have managers that work on weekends.” Fuck Newegg.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM   UFD TECH
Hey, I just bought a new asus rog strix 3080 with 12 gigs of memory but its not a ti version. Supposed to be delivered tomorrow. I got from new egg shuffle. Once I get, I can deliver to you if that's possible for a review.
Simply incredible to see the lengths GN goes for the sake of the truth, and for the sake of the consumer. No one should ever have any doubts about this guy and the team. They're undoubtedly solid.
.
If they start responding to your questions like a politician then just walk out. Don't waste your time.
I have to say, I remain very skeptical, they are sending Eric, who's worked at the company a total of 2 months?  Not sure I would be willing to put such a huge impact of the future of the company in the hands of someone so green.  Hopefully I'm wrong, hopefully they are using new "fresh blood" to revitalize the company, but it seems to me that it's a "send the new guy, and if it fails, it's his fault" scenario.  I hope I'm wrong, I really do.
stefani, "corporate  escalations" = pr with an ak47? :P
Newegg is a complete dumpster fire.  A few years ago I ordered an Asus router.  Opened the box (which seemed rather large for a router) and inside were two speakers (which I still have in the basement). Requested and RMA, and was told they would issue an RMA for the router. When I explained that I didn't have a router, I was asked why I would expect and RMA then? After several calls and many hours of going around and round...... I did a dispute with my card company and got my money back. Now......... Newegg has black listed me and declines any order I place. Why or how these people are still in business is beyond me.
Do NOT forget the core issue. Do not lay into their lies. Remember: They tried selling the exploding power supplies bundled with GPUs. Do not let down!
Can we all have  a moment of silence for Newegg please : )
Awesome effort Steve and your sincerity is apparent in the way you have conducted all of this. It would be wonderful if they rectify their mistakes and negativity  and I only hope you can achieve some closure on this issue.
NewEgg is sending a director of Public Relations.. a guy who doesn't do anything. An operations VP or your not serious.
Newegg sucks.  I will never buy from them ever again.
This is a company culture issue. There is no doubt in my mind. Quite frankly its laziness, which might stem from how they treat their employees and contractors. I've had similar experiences with Newegg support. I generally do not support the boomer saying "the customer is always right" but here it kind of applies. If you have an account that has $1k+ spent and one RMA then its a solid chance that RMA was legitimate, regardless of the circumstance. Working in member services I can tell you that there are systems in place to make notes on each individual account, and everyone at every step of your experience so far has dropped the ball. This isn't a departmental issue, its a culture issue, and Newegg needs to shake some shit up.
I'm just so stoked that you are moving to a new office! I still remember when you moved out of the wobbly table basement and were pulling cases stored in the attic
NewEgg as a company can be fixed by not being a dumpster fire of greedy indifferent assholes and stop scamming and defrauding their customer base. Will they? No. Talking to who ever they put at the front of their company, doesn't matter. It is owned by unscrupulous bad people that intentionally screw others over for a higher profit margin. There is no reason to allow them to stay in business.  My only gripe, is the executives that don't get arrested for all the fraud. But they have stolen enough money to stay out of jail.
Out of curiosity have you seen UFD tech's 2 videos on their extremely poor experience with newegg?
Gamestop sells computer hardware my dude
I’ve been buying gear from NewEgg since 2006, realistically since 2010.  I’ve spent thousands of dollars and bought hundreds of items.  I’ve never had any issue in buying, receiving, or if needed, returning items to them.
Southern Cali, welcome to my neck of the woods. Come to OC and let’s grab tacos lol
Newegg just needs to close it's doors, period puke. Their processes are terribly broken and their concern for the customer sadly lacking.
I'll forgive Newegg if I can win a gpu shuffle just once. 3 months straight of Ls
My gut feeling says this is a smoke screen.. They really don't care.  just like Gigabyte.. they don't care!  This is unreal, i have purchased for years from NEWEGG, over those years its been $ thousands, nothing like influencers I am sure, but still my hard money, I have seen Gamers Nexus videos regarding this, I have seen Paul's videos regarding this UFD tech, etc.. . At this point I am no longer interested in purchasing from NEWEGG ever again. I have a Microcenter in my city, I can simply just go there, or I can order on Amazon even if its $5, 10, 50 more than Newegg, its worth not taken a chance of having to fight them on a RMA, . If Influencers are going through this. I don't even want to take a chance. I build PCs for side business and build a lot of PCs for Veterans and give them away to Vets.  NEWEGG has F'!d UP! and now I will now just start purchasing elsewhere - way to go NEWEGG you have screwed the pooch and people like me are no longer doing business with you.
You are an incredibly handsome man also on the outside
I remember when Amazon overthrew Newegg for my purchases but it wasn't until this came to light that I realized how much I avoid Newegg these days. I can't stand the marketplace, the mail-in rebates that nobody is going to do, the issues friends have had ordering from them.. Pretty much all of my non-Amazon purchases recently have been bhphotovideo which just feels way more trustworthy.
Please tell them to pay more attention to their business partners policies, as a canadian citizen, I bought a Creative Labs product and had to fight and scream between Newegg and Creative labs for support. WHY?  Because creative lab's policy indicates the retailer, who in this case is (NEWEGG), is fully responsible for upholding the Manufacturers Warranty. This was HORRIBLE to deal with. I get that it's hard to keep up with thousands of different manufacturers, and partners. But there has to be some understanding and clarity upfront prior to signing deals and buying products. Not all the customer service reps care, not all of them understand thousands of rules and policies, let alone remember them.   I also had a refund issued to a decrepid credit card, I was out $390, all i got back was a floating-credit of $200. I explained EVERYTHING and returned EVERYTHING and they neglected my situation and made me lose money despite being given clear instructions too.  They need to get people who are able to do things, and actually have control, instead of automated refunds and system adjustments, as well as notes and PRIORITY notes, that indicate customer requests.  But all I can do is say this.
Thanks!
You’re awesome dude
Since they began the expansion of their online services to include the "marketplace", things have gone downhill.  Trying too hard to compete with Amazon on too many fronts.
You should grill them on their 3rd party sellers with scalper pricing on items. Also 3rd party sellers that fill newegg listings with low quality junk.
Please ask what they are doing about scalpers, and shuffle
Yep, I got a microcenter nearby. Love it.  Better customer service compared to bestbuy.
I can buy that occasionally a damaged product may by mistake end up being sold as open box.  What I can not buy is that when the open box product was returned that the person inspecting it would notice bent pins, but not notice a docking great sticker that predates the resale of that product.
So....no progress today?
Good luck with this and all you do! Good luck to everyone getting their customer service problems resolved!
The fact that they had the director of public relations in my opinion shows how they are viewing this issue. They see the problem as one of image and bad press and they sent the person who deals with that.  Even if they wanted him there because it was going to be filmed and he has a public facing role, they should have also had someone responsible for the department that handles return inventory and the RMA process there as that is the actual problem.
I want Newegg to be transparent.       Like a Bantha!
So, will I finally get a refund on the defective monitor I sent back 14 years ago, that they said wasn't defective because "less than 24 pixels were non-functional?"  Incidentally, at the time, they had an office in Aliso Viejo, two blocks from where I lived, and when I showed up on their doorstep, their security staff told me to leave.
Funny, when you were a nobody they didn't communicate. Now they know who you are and, "they are being so communicative."  This is garbage.
The ball is in your court, Newegg. I guess we better bring our BSM (bullshit meter) because something's telling me there's going to be A LOT OF THAT, once their rep opens up their mouth.   _Once you know, you'll purchase somewhere else._
I don't know, this video sounds like New Egg likely said, "what are your demands?"  They will say whatever on camera then go back to their standard operating procedure.
oh man Newegg this is trending yall better be careful :0
I am so proud of this channel. Keep it up!
I'm actually super stoked about this
Really milking this Newegg thing huh
100% They want to "fix" the problem and will subsequently go back to their old ways
Built my PC from Amazon and MicroCenter about 50%/50%. Heard too many bad things about Newegg and coupled with the fact that when I compared prices they were also more expensive and I had to pay shipping it was a no brainer.
All hail tech jesus
"It's just an isolated incident" "Um, it happened like 500 times" "It's just 500 isolated incidents" 👀
I just want to add that if something with Newegg goes wrong, it becomes a nightmare. I had a package damaged in shipping recently and it took four business days for any communication as to the refund request and shipping the item back. I also noticed that my package that was delivered at 2:00 eastern was not showing delivered on Newegg (even though UPS said it was delivered) till 2:00 their time...
Kudos to you Steve for being a positive representative of the entire industry.   Brett from UFD tech and sooo many customers that got burned all came out on this.  Linus Wan show.  What a PR shitshow for Newegg.  Looking forward to what they say at your upcoming conference.  Everyone F's up.  How we fix issues is what defines us.  You're helping the industry once again.  Principled Technologies bs flashbacks lol.  Steve shows up at your front door.  LOVE IT!!! Keep up the honest journalism.  You're a beacon of light in a dark world!!!  TY
I have only bee n watching this for maybe  2 years? I have never had an issue with Tiger Direct, and I have bought TON of parts from them.  A few hundred systems. Did you guys blacklist them?
Don’t worry Steve. GMErica is coming.
They do it for years and now want to solve internal issues ?. They will do nothing but damage control image.
"Isolated incidents". Yeah, each of the many hundreds of incidents are isolated to the customer.
I had a case this year where I returned a motherboard but forgot to put the 2 black plastic clips that hold the cooler in.  Instead of letting me know I forgot to put it in, they didn't say ANYTHING till 2 weeks later I contacted them.  Then when they did get it they didn't bother to confirm and/or return my $$
One mishap  - mishap, two stupidity, three - malice. One - "good item tax", selling exploding PSU with video cards, two - reject return of "exploding" PSU without video cars, three - RMA sticker. I think they lose all rights to say something after Steve show RMA sticker, return rejected because of bend pins, so how you can see damaged pins, but can’t see RMA sticker? Ok, whey never even open box, they went to computer and see - damaged pins, again, how you can see damaged pins status, but can’t see you own company(NewEgg) initiate RMA?  NewEgg please don’t insult people more then you already did…
No update?
Another small but weird detail that I think really needs some insight into is the Gigabyte RMA sticker on the board itself. If this was the board that was shipped, in the condition it was shipped, and that it was cleared as a functioning board, then why is the RMA sticker on it still? Clearly it was never looked at when it was returned from Gigabyte to Newegg. If this was a genuine malicious attempt at a scam, at least at the point of putting it back into saleable stock, then this is a pretty poor effort at it. Still, (although we all know GN never opened the box, so we will never know for sure if it was always there) the fact that the Gigabyte sticker is on there now has greater implications than what it tries to clear up. The RMA inspector could not possibly have missed it, something that would be extremely difficult for any customer to fake -- let alone GN; there's an RMA number on there that can be referenced -- yet they intentionally chose to ignore it, on top of all the other evidence, to still pin this on the customer.  Imagine how this story would be different if the GN team did open the box and noticed the RMA sticker. "An isolated incident." This might have actually worked in Newegg's favour...  (Edited for clarity)
"I think they work for Newegg." Nah, those are my asshole neighbours from up here in Canada. Though, to be fair, they may be representatives of Newegg's Canadian store. That would explain a few things.
Keep holding these companies accountable GN. I appreciate it. 💯
thank you guys for reminding that i have a lost package from newegg, and they never bothered to get back to me about it.
Calling Canada gooses a newegg shill is an insult, and an unsult to canada gooses is an insult to me, and I suggest you let that one marinate.
I'm all about second chances and companies redeeming themselves, if Newegg steps up I will totally bring my business back. I've probably built four or so gaming systems with them over the last few decades and I wouldn't mind building more in the future.
About a year back I tried to buy a Radeon 6800XT from them. The card didn’t work at all. I had to ship it back, and the seller charged me for return shipping. Over a long support transcript, Newegg first wanted me to get back in touch with the seller, who was kind of an asshole. I declined to do so - they told me they would give me a $10 GC on the chat to cover the shipping cost (not the same thing as a full refund) so that I would get off the chat line, and then later came back and said they would need me to place an order for something sold directly by Newegg in order for them to issue me a GC.   I was pissed - they’re now fully dead last on my lost of vendors, and I will never buy something worth more than $50 again from them.
@Gamers Nexus,  I have been buying most of my hardware from Newegg since 2008 for clients builds and my own.  I never had issues with them and if I did they always took care of me with pre paid shipping labels and even cross shipped things they made mistakes on or DOA parts.  However at some point in 2016, that all changed and they changed.   As many have stated from their experiences with buying from them,  I also have noticed a big change on how they conduct themselves as a company.   I have similar experience with AsRock that has just happened in the last few weeks.   I purchased a combo deal like the ones you talked about, got a Ryzen 3950X on launch day bundled with benchmark software (thankfully!)  because it had sold out within like an hour of launch.   So I had already bought a motherboard, the AsRock X570 Aqua and got 710 of the 999 made.  This was 9/19/18 when I purchased all of these components from Newegg.  I have had nothing but good experiences with AsRock until 3 weeks ago.     I started to notice that my water level was dropping from my custom wall mount PC I built and after further inspection it was due to the full water block the bottom left fitting.   I noticed a small bead of water coming out of the water block face from a hair line crack.  This rig has been up and running for 3 years and no leaks.   I do not over tighten fittings into acrylic blocks, I am very careful.  When I took the loop apart, I noticed something I hadn't before when I first unboxed this $1000 plus motherboard.   The acrylic block they used is only like a 1/4" thick vs EK's water blocks that are around 5/8"  thick.   I skipped contacting Newegg because of the date of purchase and there is no way they would do anything about it.   So I did what you did, contacted AsRock, was very calm with them.   Was asked to send pictures from the RMA department through email after talking to one of their rep's on the phone.   I was first informed that they would not issue a RMA or cover this issue due to "physical damage" and didn't even know if they could sell me a block, and if they could it would be over $500 dollars just for a new block.   Well,  I had to be a ass and ask to talk to a manager.   Even after talking to her, and explaining what and why their block is cracking, she still said they couldn't do anything, but would issue the RMA for me to send it in, but I would have to send in the motherboard and the block and not just the defective water block.   After I got kinda blunt with her, and stuck to the facts of others that have had the same issue with this top of the line motherboard they offered to us, same issue cracking from even there factory drilled and installed screws that spider cracked she now has changed her stance and is willing to ship me just a new block.  However,  it is coming from overseas as she stated, and there is no ETA on when or what they are being sent.     I have emails from the conversations and what she has stated to me.   I have since had to modify and make custom heat sinks and lower southbridge chip heatsink and fan combo to get my mother board back up and running.   Also,  the AM4 CPU back plate for a EK water block I have had for over 7 years that has never cracked doesn't fit due to the hole layout for the X570 Aqua.   I had to make a custom back plate!   I am tired of companies that think they can do their customers like this!   I have pic's I can send you of my rig and show you all the BS I had to go through to even be able to use this top end motherboard I purchased from them.   I would love to hear from you,  as you said, you have a way to call out these companies, and this is what needs to happen when they treat us this way.   As for me, I will not be buying another product from Newegg every again after your video, nor will I ever spend another dime with AsRock if they don't make this right.   We have the power to stop shady companies and shut them down, it's knowledge and our dollars that can stop this from happening to others.    Btw, I can fix that mother board for under $10 for a new balled socket, I have a reflow station :-)  https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1123399115129021&set=pcb.1122257578576508  https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=1122257188576547&set=pcb.1122257578576508  https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1122257551909844&set=pcb.1122257578576508  https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1122257505243182&set=pcb.1122257578576508 https://www.facebook.com/winston.johnson.3979/videos/831311074337828
@2:16 AMEN!!! @6:30 OUCH...  They sent Eric BIG GUNS to meet you...  Head of PR... asalwaystyforyourhardworkanddedication!!!
Why try to help Newegg fix their reputation?! What an idiotic idea.
The geese def work for new egg
Check out GAMESTOP!! they have greatly improved their inventory over the past year
I've had a cart full of pc components at Newegg, waiting on a GPU. I decided to leave a comment on their page at my disgust with their treatment of customers. I said shame on you and goodbye. Cancelled my cart.
I guess now is the time to write about the time I got the run around with Newegg. I bought a brand new motherboard as a part of a build that I was putting together for a friend. I've assembled dozens of computers from scratch and am well aware of the proper procedures. I have a fairly extensive career in IT and have hands on experience assembling and handling expensive enterprise grade servers and equipment. So I'd like to think that I know what I'm doing. Well I assembled the computer and it would not POST. I checked the board and the memory light was on. I reseated the sticks and ensured that they were in the proper slots for a dual channel config. I tested the memory sticks AS WELL AS the CPU on my own working PC (as it was the same socket) and I was able to boot into Windows just fine. This led me to believe that the motherboard was defective.  I initiate the RMA process and return the board. 5 days later an email from Newegg; refund denied. The reason? "Excess thermal paste on the CPU socket". I have always placed a small X in the center of the CPU and barely, if any has ever leaked out on the socket. And even if it did a small amount of thermal paste seeping over the edge will not cause it to short. I was furious and called the support line, they jerked me off on the phone and after calling back 3 times and going full Karen basically only then was I issued a refund. I just bought the board on Amazon. I hate them but at least they'll fucking exchange the item if it's not functioning.  It's been 4 years and I haven't used them since.
Isnt this the same company bundling exploding psu with gpus?
what are you trying to say with that steam deck casually laid on that pillow?
I'm just not going to forgive a company that sends you broken shit and then calls you a liar when you try to return their broken shit.  That's not a "process" issue.  Screw them.
Just sucks they sent the PR guy. The operations guys aren’t going to listen to him when he comes back with a bulleted list of recommendations.
anyone ever hear from steve
Newegg: Newegg headquarters, how may I help you.  Steve: *Loads brain shotgun* We outside bro, come get your mail.
Thank you Steve for exposing this issue that most people experience from buying from NewEgg. This, along with the NZXT H1 Riser Case catching fire made most of us aware of people like me been more cautious of what to buy or not to buy.
About a year ago I bought Noctua thermal paste from them (from Newegg, not 3rd party) and they sent me this cheap Chinese copy of Noctua thermal paste, there were even spelling errors on the label and the color was off.
Steve, I've seen other videos about Newegg practices, and I have to stop to give you a note of appreciation, because you are a better man than most YouTubers for the attitude you are taking in this situation. Stay the course, you're one of a kind.
I rather meet Steffani........
Damn this is really turning into a story arc.
Yo we need Tigerdirect back :(
The Dutch Government has put someone under hypnosis against his will, because of some weird psychological experiment. They also let him sleep badly en put something in his food so he gets diarrhea. I always wondered why that is never in the news because it must stop immediately.
True journalism. You could teach CNN and fox a thing or two.
Go out to Jay while you out there. He lives in so Cal.
I bought a high end Asus gaming motherboard ($500.00+) several years ago from Newegg and yes it was an open box which saved me twenty or thirty dollars. It was certified and supposedly only lacked a manual. I found and printed a manual for it online so I was excited to get it and put it to work in my gaming rig. When it arrived all looked good but sadly it wasn't. There were many bent pins on the cpu socket. I called for an RMA but it was denied. I had a heated phone call with someone at Newegg, which got me nowhere. So I was stuck with the motherboard. A friend of mine had a high powered magnifier which I then used to see the tiny pins and carefully bent them back using a couple of dental picks. It took me hours of careful and nervous adjustments to get the pins back in shape. Finally though I was able to instal the chip and fire it up normally. It was a very close call for me but in the end I took their open box junk and made it into a functioning system that I still have to this day. Needless to say that was my last Newegg transaction.
Stay tuned for the "Showdown at the NG Corral"
LOL the cobra chickens @ 4:38 were def hired by New Egg as Mercs.
Between your story and what happened to UFD Tech when dealing with Newegg i won't be buying from them unless last resort.
MEMORY EXPRESS IS ALSO RIPPING PEOPLE OFF !!!!!!!!
MEMORY EXPRESS IS ALSO RIPPING PEOPLE OFF !!!!!!!!
Excellent job all, keep up the great work!
The Ducks arnt real.
looks like youre in the bay area, my home. well, was.
Her real name is Steffani Cain and boy you should know some things about her!!! She didn't earn that position.
This looks to be as serious as when the *entire* hardware review community turned against Nvidia for blacklisting Hardware Unboxed simply because they dared to put out an honest review that didn't bend to Nvidia's biased editorial control. Instead of Hardware Unboxed being the victim, this time it's tens of thousands of Newegg customers. There really is no smoke without fire and it looks like Newegg has been smoking for years at this point.
Steve you’re outside. Wtf!  On a serious note great that you and your team and holding people accountable and not being an ass aboot it
Imagine Linus caring about the public/customers, hahaha, yeah I can't either.
EEAS Official: Human Rights Is a Must, not Optional  Dominic Porter from EEAS called in to the meeting online.  Dominic Porter from the European External Action Service (EEAS), an agency connected with the foreign and defense ministry of the EU, also called in to the meeting online. As head of the division responsible for China, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and Mongolia, he said the EEAS is seriously concerned about the organ harvesting in China.  Porter noted that the hearing attendees had heard many findings from various investigations, including disturbing allegations ranging from sexual abuse, torture, DNA testing, and illegal detention to organ harvesting in China. More and more evidence collected has shown that Falun Gong practitioners, minority ethnic groups, and faith groups in China are being persecuted in China.  Porter also said that the EU strongly condemned the crime of organ harvesting in China because it is inhumane and immoral. Respect for human rights is not optional, it is a basic requirement that we should all follow, including in the field of organ donation and organ transplantation. He emphasized that human rights conditions will continue to be a focal point at multilateral forums for EU human rights actions.
I can't wait for the next video this is all i think about
COME TO LAGUNA NIGUEL AND VISIT "PROJECT SOCIAL" BEST BURGERS AND TATORTOTS YOU WILL EVER HAVE!!!!
I studied PR back in college, and yeah my thoughts are: not meeting with you or holding a press release on the issue could open them up to liability for the issues thus far. They have to get out ahead of this before it really blows up. Processes must be changed, otherwise continued issues will lead to bigger financial and reputation issues.  Losing your reputation is *the* worst thing that can happen to a company, and you've made such a big wave that other people are starting to comment on the issue.   This is the reason why journalism is so crucial, because it allows these industries to get better. Thanks GN, your work is appreciated. I'd love to know how they respond--both to this issue, but also the variety of others that have come out (like the package deal of exploding PSUs)  I imagine the DoPR will be well versed in every step that occurred with your specific case, hopefully being able to suggest changes to higher ups so that this doesn't occur again. Sometimes the PR team is more well informed on what is going on in a company than the actual CEO.
My biggest issue with all of this and their response is that I've been reading for like 4 years about how Newegg is terrible. What about little Johnny from 3 years ago who got a fucked up graphics card and they denied the rma on? He's still SOL and it irritates me
The goat 🐐! Get to the bottom of this!
GN > LTT
The geese where the best
What about tigerdirect? Are they not a good retailer anymore?
I hope this isn't a damage control stunt.
I trust Ebay for Computer Parts more than I trust newegg these days
Good job guys !!!!
Bought 3 things from NewEgg in the last 3 years, each time was a problem, from shipping to damaged goods. To get 100% failure rate is impressive at a certain point - even if you're not trying, it would be difficult to get 100% of orders messed up.
I was done with Newegg years ago because they don't give a dam about customers, they just want to move product. Support sucks and so does their customer service. Won't buy anything from Newegg regardless of how your issue works out.
who owns new egg?
Don't call us we will call you
Newegg is part of the reason I started buying more and more things online.  Purchasing/shipping/customer experience was great.   I haven't had good experiences as of late.  Would love it to get back to where it was.
Coasters and Glasses back ordered!  Keep up the great work Steve and team!
I bought from Newegg just a couple of years ago and had no trouble.  Mind you, I was not buying anything that was open box.
you can shop at NewEgg i will not trust them no longer they SUCK....!!!!!!
1:23 *THEY'RE PLAYING THE STEAM DECK ON THE PLANE LIKE WHAT*
she comes up with a different name on linkedin.. wew steffani cain
They're Chi Coms, of course they didn't respond, the grift is intentional. Stop being such a liberal naive doofus, steve
I currently work at newegg warehouse 7 in city of Industry and have been here for about a year. I wish your viewers could see everything shady that goes on in here day by day cuz man is it bad right now.
Newegg: You are guilty until you can prove otherwise... GN: I can prove - here is your RMA label to Gigabit... Newegg: Opps, sorry we are going to apologize to all the "limited number of customers" who been effected in the past...  My message to newegg: I takes years to build trust and respect with customers and it takes minutes to destroy it... that is what you did. Good luck building this trust again... I'll will always go and order from Amazon because Amazon never failed me.
As a supplier quality engineer send me to do a AS9100 ISO Audit on them. Ask them if they would agree..
And we never heard from Steve again... RIP Steve 😭🌹⚰️💀💜
...but will Newegg retroactively admit fault and make right so many of these past treatments/issues with customers?  It just seems like a cost saving gamble they have been playing. Look the other way, continue on, do it on purpose...whatever the true "cause"...until they get caught and someone FINALLY takes them to task.  Saying a policy will change and problem solving will be better implemented going forward means that a lot of money was saved and made all the past times things happened. ...because for many large companies, it is still cheaper to break rules and pay up when/if they get caught than to just do things right from the beginning. They still got away with so much for so long...and that meant money out of customers pockets and into theirs.  Steve said it in earlier videos, it has gone this far because of a huge youtube & media following, one that the average consumer does not have, and in this case it means some power to challenge Newegg.  It would be great for something to be done about all the past problems people have had that got it to this point.
Sounds like everyone who every had the returns “scam” issue, should contact Newegg. Then forward the response to GN. I really doubt they would actually go into their logging and even so much as apologise to customers they previously did this to.
Thank you for doing this .
why is there no date of upload statistic of your videos ? i have checked out linus tech tips and their uploads have a date next to the number of views but yours don't?? is this a new youtube feature or are your videos being monitored by youtube and they have changed certain statistics for them ?
Corporate will be corporate,   the left hand does not talk to the right hand.   Left Hand : "We value our customers and want to have good relations with them", Right Hand: "We need to make more money,  Screw some customers".
Between you guys and UFD this whole saga is just gripping! Better than a TV drama but in all seriousness thank you for what you have done and continue to do
too late- newegg is dead to me
Asus is doing a similar thing, got sent a replacement motherboard that was only intended for Chinese use and the warranty of the chinese board ended before I ever ordered my original board. Now I am getting screwed for repair costs
Between what's going on here, and what happened over at UFD, it will take a miracle for me to be wiling to spend money at Newegg ever again.
For these companies, it's always, "a very small number". Because, they couldn't possibly allow their investors and shareholders to know that their company is rampant with underhanded practices, knowing they can rip people off with little to no recourse.
Thank you so much for standing up for the regular consumers with small means to have their voices heard! ❤️
They'll fix it.  No company wants to ruin a good reputation, which = profits.
good for them. Newegg is slim
Your hair looks magnificent. It's long and soft, and shines with the light that comes from within.
Wasn't NewEgg purchased by China a while ago?  If so then they are not at all the company you used when you were younger and building machines.
Not to defend Newegg and their practices, but fraud certainly goes both ways. There are countless people who scam retailers.
Green eggs and scam.
I know you are the smartest when it comes to computers. If I ran into an issue, you have a video on just about any problem.
dang, Stefanni gal sure uses a lot of filters. Looking fine tho
This video series made me sub
The newegg reseller bloat and markups really soured me on newegg. Now I just go to amazon or best buy. You're definitely right about newegg needing to return to its old ways. It used to be my preferred go to site for anything tech. Now it's bottom of the barrel.
Man, I loved you already for the excellent hardware analysis and comparisons,  but you're really putting on your big boy pants here. Keep up the great work.
Dat Green screen tho
Steve is channeling his inner Celso Russomano.
All it took was a youtube channel to complain and bring its army haha please get them set straight, dont want to stop buying from newegg, if things like this have a chance to happen
This has been pretty entertaining. Who knew a botched RMA would be so beneficial to your channel lol
please records when opening package, save until everything is ok. that will make everything easy in the future
We will see.
Steffani kinda cute tho 😏
Can't wait to see the result
I see a lot of comments saying putting the PR guy out is low move, why not put some one in a higher position. Well Tell that to Ben and Jerry last year 😂  I bet they were all in the office drawing straws who was going to face Steve one on one 🤣
Does no one use tigerdirect anymore?
Just remember, Gamers Nexus, if you were a nobody, none of this from Newegg would be happening.
Imagine doing this to EA about battlefield 2042
A "very small number" of "isolated incidents".  My optimism went from 8/10 to 3/10 pretty quickly right there. Time to try B&H I guess?
So they will show up to any location? then try invite them to a big Tivoli/Carnival with a insane roller coaster and do the interview there ^^
This is why I subscribed on Patreon!
iam hoping newegg and amazon stop scalpers from using there platform. A PS5 console should not be $800 and $1500 for a RTX3080... MSRP is dead :'(
Why are Linus not supporting you with stuff like this, and donate a bit when he nearly got unlimited funds & you both knew each other for long ?
I just started using Newegg in November last year. Now I'm concerned about buying stuff from them. Here I am trying to teach and help my kids create their own pc.
So, Newegg says they are contacting the small number of customers who were impacted by the errors.  By the sheer fact that they have a list of those impacted shows that they knowingly screwed over their customers.
NewEgg peed on the electric fence of a well known  tech guru, and wondered why their  sensitive bits hurt afterwards.
I remember I bought a psu from them, and then waited 4 months and nothing. I contacted them and said they were out if stock but still took my money???? Luckily i got a refund but still
Best of luck. I would not be surprised to see theirs "rep" accompanied by their  legal team.
Can't wait for the dual :) Hope, as long as there needed offcourse, these action will happen more. MSI comes to mind. They also do some dissapointing bussines.
There are other options other than Amazon and Newegg. There's B&H, Adorama, Best Buy, Walmart and Gamestop.
1:55 GAMESTOP! You'll be surprised what a turnaround they've done and what kind of inventory they are carrying now. Always have a look there first if there's something tech related you need!
GN. I just want to say keep up on what you are doing. I rarely comment on the internet but I genuinely feel y’all deserve some praise on being very factual and unbiased and objective testing. Kudos to you all.   Everything you said in this video was spot on. Feels like Steve and I are about the same age that went through the same lifestyle.
SCREW NEWEGG... I WILL TAKE MY BUSINESS ELSEWHERE !!!
They will flood out platitudes and apologies and continue being scoundrels, it's what Screwegg does, they are liars.
Stephen looks in that setting like a war corresponder! :D
This is great content! Newegg needs to understand that the customers should be priority and should always aim for 100% customers satisfaction thru honestly and liability, I personally never had an issue with Newegg but there is always room for improvement thank you GN.
Please Live stream the meeting
Good work to you and your team! I really hope newegg makes this right.
That is a nice stalemate for the future... But I would like to know how they are going to fix this for the people they have already screwed over? For those that had to just eat the hundreds of dollars they spent because Newegg denied their RMA.
its only a small number of customers.. Its only a little water * titanic captain*.
lol they sent the head of PR. Of course.
> We are also [now] reaching out to this [number of small] customers who may have been affected by these errors.  FTFY  Also, they did a Matrix-level dodge of responsibility for the serious issues with nonfunctional *new* products that they sell which don't work (and which they usually proceed to blame the customer for). This statement doesn't acknowledge the massive issues in logistics and RMA processes outside of their now-outed open-box scam. It's a far greater issue that they sometimes ship broken products as new and blame customers for the damage.
God I hate so much when they say things like "a very small number of customers" like shut up. Don't downplay it even if it was only a very small number. Saying it like that feels like minimizing, it makes me look at your entire apology as insincere. I honestly don't know why you would even bother writing this up if you are going to taint the entire thing by inserting such a loaded phrase, hand this to anybody, scrubbing it of names and information, and ask them if it sounds like they admit they did wrong and I am sure the average person will say no.  You might as well have said "yeah it happened like...once or twice so w/e. We're sorry I guess but it was such a small amount of errors you should let us off the hook because errors are going to happen right? So yeah, we're fixing it". It doesn't matter if it was a thousand mistakes or a couple dozen, the stories I have heard here, else ware and my own experiences (for starters prove your "a very small number" statement a bold faced lie you should know) prove you don't currently care, it wasn't an oopsie, it was malicious distrust in your customers at best and actual scamming attempts at worst.   I don't think anybody is accepting that apology.
I so love this channel, what you do, and deeply appreciate your integrity and ethics.
Birds being birds......
I wanna hurt all y'all for getting your dang Steam Decks already. You, Phawx, Linus, iFixit...dang you all.
Mad props, Steve. This is immensely important work you're doing, very glad you're able to do it. I made a small donation on your store page (didn't really need to buy anything at the moment).
sponsor by newegg 😂😂😂
i new it. that why i stopped shopping at new egg. defective motherboard with bent pins. and rgb fan packs were they didnt light up. screw you newegg hope you lose more business.
Crazy how far Newegg has fallen. Building one of my first computers backs in 2005 my new PSU fried my whole system. They not only took everything back but sent me all new parts and upgraded my PSU all for free.
the truth is, Newegg offers you a shitload of money to save theres reputation.
Newegg was either taking a loss on a returned defective item and then recouping that money by selling it as an open box, or the people in their warehouse are just complete idiots.
11:06 This video is brought to you by: FedEx, The World on Time.
Newegg screwed me over years ago but i had no media presence so I was out a CPU and a Motherboard. Now that his has come out in public, I hope they fix their issues.
luckily ive never had an issue with newegg.. ive also never bought an open box.. cause and effect?
OF COURSE they chose the Director of Public Relations. I doubt this will go anywhere. All Newegg is doing now, is damage control, nothing else.
Fcuk the questions, put some gloves on and lets swing
It's too bad that they're going to send some PR rep to come talk to you guys rather than someone who can actually make decisions about what happened and they make new decisions about how they are going to do things, going forward.  *sigh....*  Large companies/corporations....  (I work for one as well, so I know how it is, unfortunately.)
DON'T SUPPORT SCAMMERS... AFTER GN EXPOSE THEM THEY WANNA "CHANGE" BS DON'T SUPPORT THEM!!!
Newegg doesn't deserve to make it right, or our business... Notice it's a 3rd party seller website for decade+ now. Notice the $250? hand massager marked down to$16.99 (really costs $2.00) There are barely any real brands on their market anymore. Newegg is a sinking ship, thats why they just make any sale they can, do nothing to make it right, and take the money.   everyone price matches nowadays doesn't really matter WHERE you buy it. I go bestbuy, they price match and I pick up in person so there no sales tax. Microcenter is NOT good? lol, Fry's electronics used to be, only 2? exists now. amazon is bad? because... why? because "Bezos" is a fucking titan of industry who became rich af and the business is doing well? Oh and they actually ship and send stuff when they said they would. unlike newegg
Try ordering a product from NewEgg and when you get delivery and open the box, not only what's inside isn't at all awesome BUT it isn't even the same product you ordered! So then you call them up of course, but because the Invoice that was sent with the product says it's the product you ordered (even though it isn't nearly the same thing) NewEgg says the invoice says you got the product you ordered so TUFF LUCK. lol You better believe that happened to me.
THUMBS UP
there never gonna change it about greed an if they can get over on 9 out of 10 ppl there gonna do it 9 out of 10 times the only reason why its so hyped up now is cause they sold it to somebody with the following like you so yea ill admit there very sorry an they are gonna socall gonna make changes but the changes will be check there email an buyer an make sure he don't have a following that's gonna come back an haunt us
I'm thankful we have Newegg, Canada Computers and Memory Express to buy from here, the more options you have at your disposal, the better and it should keep them fighting for market share with customer service.
Well, I can't wait for the representatives mental gymnastics required to sell that story as a mixup.
I wish gamers had more legit journalism like this. Thank you for looking out for us.
Too little  Too late I am done with NewEgg
The fact Newegg has said that commitment statement it is pure bullshit.
Thank you Steve for all your hard work!!!
I've always found that working with big corporate Management types is a lot like dealing with politicians .... With the exception that I can't vote a scummy corporate manager out of his job .....  NewEgg used to have good customer service until late 2016 and some Chinese corporation bought the majority of shares and it started going downhill fast by 2018 just to keep the majority shareholder happy .......
This isn't a 24hr news channel. Was 11 minutes to say, we're going otto interview Newegg PR head really essential?
I recently bought an open box Asrock rack motherboard since it was the only one for sale left in US/CAN. The ECC ram doesn’t get here till end of this week or the next and I am following this saga with great interest…
Scaming people 100% . Shows big time.  Don't even think the meeting will happen just like the returns.  All bad when you get caught scaming
So proud you fucking gottem bro
What new egg is trying to head off is a class action lawsuit that would be very bad for them. Not only would they lose it for sure but it would be in the news not just some YouTube channel
WTF does this "Eric" guy at Newegg actually know about the RMA/Open Box resale process??? He sounds like a corporate shill that has no idea how things actually work inside, they really should have sent 2 people, 1 from your list and 1 from their PR team.
GN: Absolutely exposes Newegg. Newegg: Changes ToS GN: **Moan louder, bitch.**
"we don't want Amazon to be the only online retailer" so let's bring back TigerDirect back into the mainstream.
Amazing work Steve!!!!
fair play steve look forward to seeing new eggs responce and how they go forth 😀
he says he bought the motherboard for a build for someone, I dont get why he would buy an openbox product for a client.... Oh he says he made a mistake in doing so? Well newegg made a mistake too, but he wants everyone to forgive his "mistake" of using a used motherboard in a build, while getting mad at newegg for making a mistake...  I dont believe he "didn't know" it was open box till after he bought, that story is total bs
They are reaching out to customers that have been affected? How in the fuck do they know what customers have been affected by these "unintentional process errors and isolated incidents"?  So they already have a list of all of the people that they're pretty sure they fucked over by selling defective shit to?   "We didnt know it was happening, but we know who it happened to."  WTF?  Like the used/not working NVME drive that was sold to me as part of a drive/RAM combo, and then I had to return the whole combo and rebuy the items at full price because they would not replace the defective drive.   My last interaction with newegg was mailing their trash back to them before I ordered replacements from another company.  NewEgg has already had too many chances to stop their unacceptable behavior.  The defective shipping has been happening for many years, then they decided to force known spontaneously combusting power supplies on people who were desperate for graphics cards.
companies love to get away with scumbag tactics until some big name outs them on their bullshit. thanks for doing this!
NOPE !  ain't going to happen this outfit is a dumpster fire....This is the last place I spend my money if at all.
They improved procedures of handling returns of open box CPUs and MOBOs, how about RAM, GPU, keyboards, etc?
I hope they go back to what they used to be, Newegg was a great company for just PC parts before they went all "BUY EVERYTHING FROM US"..
What I can say from my experience with horrible people in corporate office positions; they will try to understand of the situation on their own way. Which could mean they'll either be transparent, which is highly unlikely. Or have a piece of paper to put that matter in the court's. Any company in this earth that isn't transparent with their business is straight up dishonest business. That's not only Newegg, but the majority of other companies altogether.
What's scary is the fact that they denied the refund for your return when the sticker clearly tells them that they sold it to you broken in the first place.  That's not a mistake, it's not an error, any employee that makes a mistake THAT badly doesn't deserve their job, but we all know that it's not the employee's mistake. Yet the PR announcement is basically "we fired the guy responsible" energy, which is sad because this isn't a one off mistake that single employee made. This is a systemic process in which they know that they have the power to just reclaim money from customers, what's really sad is that they likely took the return from the first customer and denied it, kept the merchandise sent it to Gigabyte for RMA and could have easily paid 100 bucks to sell it for 500 bucks despite the board being sold "new" to the first customer and NOT refunded when returned.
I bet they make the staffing issue excuse
@Steve, once they recognize that these "isolated incidents" only affected a "very small number of customers", are they willing to refund these customers, say from this past year? Past month? Past week? Make them squirm a little, please, for us... :)
Never bought from Newegg after the first couple times. There's other options out there. Amazons my primary only because shipping and returns alone. I mean, who wants their shit delivered via Ontrac? lol
The use of 'very small' and 'isolated incident' reeks of NZXT and Gigabyte
I stopped buying from new egg a long while ago. They just haven't been the same for.. what like? 15 years or a little longer?
I closed Newegg account just because of this issue. Sad, but worth putting cash where it is respected!
Glad to see GN doing the work that others should have done a few years back. Hope Newegg does a 180 and starts to take care of the people that keep them in business.
quiet on set HAHA
"I'm from Missouri". You should know the meaning.
Not even a possibility to have a figure on how many customers they screwed over.
Newegg stocks still dropping really fast, f**k this company
somehow im not optimistic...
When PR starts using words like "integrity", "commitement", "e-waste", "satisfaction", "improve", etc. Everyone knows they are about to get you inside an unmarked van and your body will show up a month later on a beach in the Filipines half-eaten by crabs! RUN! 🤣🤣🤣
Channel should be renamed to "Ball-Busters Nexus."
*laughs in corporate*
I like how all of these Drama videos are getting a ton of views but the solution video probably will not.... I will watch the whole story but i bet you here and now the final video will get.... 15% less views then the least viewed video in this... newegg shopper-pocalypse
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Once Amazon messes up and/ or starts refusing motherboard returns. Gamers will have 2 option, to either gamble there money or buy a pre-built with a Dell warranty.... Doesn't sound like very good options....
Great that you are publicly setting expectations for what you expect of them and what we can expect from the discussion. Thanks for the integrity driven journalism. I think I can speak for everyone when I say we in the community really appreciate it.
"small numbers"
I left this comment on LMG Clips about this but wanted to leave it here too.  TBH, I think NewEgg fucked up due to incompetence not malice. I'm not outright rejecting the possibility that there was malice in the mix up, but the reason why I'm leaning towards incompetence is due to my own shitty experiences with RMA-ing / returning an item to NewEgg.  I purchased a brand new harddrive from them and it was DOA. The issues began from the get-go when I started the RMA process. It turns out, the RMA automation they have on their website messed up and it sent me one postage label but internally in their system, they stored another, meaning they have no record of the postage label I actually used. This lead to issues with their system not acknowledging that they received the harddrive back.  I would not be surprised if their own internal inventory management system was also built with such shoddy oversight and that somehow, them entering an update into their system caused it to be misclassified by accident.  Don't get me wrong here, I'm not defending NewEgg. Because of their poor customer service, I've stopped buying from NewEgg entirely.
NewEgg is too garbage of a company to really change. I’d rather give Amazon my money cause I know I’ll get the product and/or get my refund if something happens. It take 2 weeks to send an item back and get a refund from NewEgg. Their bundles are just to suck money out of customers during a pandemic with already inflated GPU prices.
Newegg is probably Sorry they got caught and put on blast to millions of people, not sorry they screwed you and many others over
Mealy mouthed, passive voiced, weasel worded apology is no apology, Newegg.
In Britain we don't have tech stores like Newegg and Microcenter. We have a big tech company as a whole known as Currys (to my knowledge they've not actually done anything wrong like Newegg).  I simply cannot believe that companies like this can get away with such a thing, it's actually mind blowing. I see why Americans are turning to Microcenter (it does look amazing there tbh). I hope it works out for GN and manages to put a stop such a scam.
4:40 - birds…  GN: Quiet on set! Birds.. shot down and the dog from Duck Hunt rises from some bushes holding the duck and laughing.
Steve: QUIET ON SET! Birds: No, Newegg sends their hospitality.
Having a PR guy to meet 😬😬😬
please ask if there was a policy change then what policy is it that they changed and why? what was it they identified as the problem and how have they tried to fix it?
They're not sorry, They're sorry they got caught.
This is cool to put out greedy corporates into the spotlight but the regular Joe like me(and the vast majority) dont have the a famous youtube channel and Newegg can easily screw us over.  so SCREW THEM, they deserve the backlash
Director of PR is not the best person to talk to. He'll just try to smooth things over without knowing the details or the power to address the problem.
"We are also reaching out to this small number of customers who may have been affected by these errors". So they know they've been ripping people off and can compile a list of victims!!!
Sorry Steve but nothing will change. Nothing ever changes when it comes to business...example the failure of Facebook after many years of being warned that their owner was a dbag.
I think newegg will try and "fix" this and make it "right" but as soon as it blows over they will be right back to their old bullshit.
Omg why can't they just own up to their terrible practices and change their attitude?
Thank you for your commitment to transparency. I stopped buying from Newegg personally after the gigabyte power supply fiasco. I have laid out a big upgrade purchase as a gift. After this series, that will no longer be going through Newegg Canada.
video just started, and I'm reminded of louis and his mention of 'robust conversations' between lobbyist and politicians.    This conversation summary was anything but robust.  honestly, I'm disappointed by newegg's official response, it sounds like a canned response when trying to do damage control.   I would like to hear actual details how they're going to improve this going forward, including: additional personnel, resources and training for RMA, and the help desk.    there have been many comments pointing out in this specific case that the information should have already been in their system (and likely was since they would have noted an RMA sticker if they actually inspected the product after steve shipped it back)  and that the DATE of the ticket information would have been obviously before steve bought the product.
BRING BACK TIGER DIRECT!!!!
Steve 2024.
why is everybody so emotionally attached to this lol. stupid.
Unrelated to the video but I hope you guys can look into it. You guys always say that you get bottlenecked on the GPU way before you get bottlenecked in the CPU and prove that in all sorts of ways. I think you are missing some fringe cases and I wish you would look into them. I have a config with a 2070 and a 3600 and in CP77 I'm getting bottlenecked on the CPU before the GPU even with ray tracing at ultra (not insane). Those are 1080p results. At least that's what my task manager and resource monitor are saying. And I don't gain almost any fps from dropping the other settings, but i got like 25% more fps by dropping the cascade shadows quality and distance. You guys test cpu power by dropping the settings to minimum and I get why you are doing that, but I think there are some specific graphics settings that push the CPU harder.
At least journalism is still alive in some small way! go figure, all our major news outlets are bought and paid for agenda machines, and it's Youtube channels keeping the spirit of journalism alive!!!  They aren't the only ones with this issue! Amazon has done this! but Amazon will correct it, it's just inconvenient! I still feel apprehension ordering important items from Amazon wondering if I'm going to receive some ones RMA'ed item, that is now my problem to return, I even record open every box, bag, package I get from Amazon!!!! EVERY ONE OF THEM!!! even for the clay face mask, because I don't trust them!!!!  one of the last items I can remember getting like this was a tempered glass screen protector, fancy little wood box, the tape was already cut and open, inside was the old and broken and cracked up protector. there's no way this made it past any inspector!   When I got this new PC (CyberPowerPC: Intel Core i5-11600KF, GeForce RTX 3060 12GB, $1,199.99) sold by amazon, freaking amazing deal before the scalpers got them and started reselling them for $1400 to $1500!!! That was the longest video I made, but that was the most expensive buy from Amazon too!  Which, there's my reason for not using newegg, we have had Amazon Prime for over a decade, and the perks it provides are just too many!!! even for Video streaming services, none can beat the value! anyway, the shipping for a PC had to have paid for a year of Amazon Prime itself! not to mention 2 inflatable mattresses. And it's been 2 years since the last time we got an RMA'ed item, or, since I've opened a package and seen an RMA'ed item, my wife when I told her the topic of this video said "oh yeah, Amazon has that issue too" she gets a lot of orders sent directly to her work.  I think since they started having us take returns to Wholefoods this hasn't been as big of an issue, I think returns get sorted differently now, before they all went back to a local distribution center, maybe they still do, idk.  The biggest advice I can offer when shopping Amazon, Newegg, BestBuy, Walmart, etc. more and more of them are allowing 3rd party sellers, and I think this is a big part of the issue! I hate to say it, but I go out of my way to look for sold by Amazon. unless it's a manufactures item, on Amazon direct from the manufacture, or a niche item from the crafter...
STEAM DECK
Imagine coming into your office one morning only for your secretary to bring you the news that someone might soon be coming over to interview you and you would have to somehow defend the scam tactics your company's been abusing for over a decade while you always thought nobody of interest could possibly ever try to cover that story and it would only be smooth sailing. xD
Thank you Steve and team for being the most informative, unbiased, and pro-consumer PC and tech resource out there!  I put in a large (for me) store order yesterday to say thank you and support your work, even though the shipping to Canada cost almost as much as the order itself (it looks like each item is being shipped separately with its own shipping charge; may want to fix that going forward.)  Keep up the great work!  I appreciate that you hold these companies to task and call them on their BS, but also give everyone (even the companies doing scummy things) a chance to share their side of the story as long as they're acting in good faith.  I wish all journalism was like this.
i dont want amazon to be the only one too i hate how theyre the only one right now cause newegg keeps fucking over everyone all the time and some people completely abandoned them over them scamming others
After this series I will never buy from Newegg again.  This is after being a 20+ yr customer
"Very small number of returns"  ..... smh
Canadian goose supporting the fight
Kudos to GN, which has done another excellent job of standing up for the consumer. In an identical situation, the average consumer would simply have come out on the losing side.  Once again, we have a company that displays a lack of controls to properly manage customer service.   To be fair, an online merchant has to deal with scammers and fraudsters, who use it for bogus returns. However, it must also be able to learn to handle valid complaints from longtime customers, as well as the first-time buyer. There should be an "ombudsman" type of role within NewEgg to evaluate certain cases, although if you have an RMA sticker in the box that explains the failure, that should be clear.  NewEgg also needs to have a process in place that prevents obviously defective merchandise from re-entering the supply chain.
Never blame on malice that which can be explained equally well by incompetence or sheer stupidity.
Well, it's either very smart or very stupid of them to talk with you.  Management obviously doesn't care about the customers or the employees who have likely voiced these concerns internally and been told "don't worry about it, just do your job."
If they genuinely implement changes to improve on this, that's great, but even the best case is still only a first step. For example, NewEgg still has to do something about the rogues gallery that is its third party seller marketplace. Some of their sellers are borderline scammers, and that they're even tolerated speaks volumes.
I returned an $800 monitor to newegg not too long ago. They had it at their warehouse for a week and still never checked it in. I was getting worried, and than out of the blue I got a PayPal refund email. Still to this day never got any email from Newegg.
Thank you for bringing attention to this. I have been a long time customer of Newegg going way back but as others have stated the beginning of the end for their customer care was when the company was sold. It has never been the same since. I only shop there now when something I need is nowhere to be found elsewhere. Right now I'm sitting on store credit, for a return actually, and once I use that I'm done with them.  Real change can only occur if we all take our money elsewhere and speak the only language that matters to any business. Dollars and cents.
https://youtu.be/E6LDoUBLlTs
When it happens persistently, it's not an "error".
Normal people was scammed, are scammed now and they will be scammed in the future.  Justice isn't for simple mortals...
Come on Newegg get your crap together. You guys can do it, I know you can because you already did in the past.
I want Gamers Nexus to expose Canada Computers as well
Great job you are doing for many, many folk. Appreciated.
Newegg took my home and my family true story
Steve getting grey hair from the situation?
Words and talk is cheap.
You guys are really awesome.
GN has always done real solid work, however this is REALLY going above and beyond and cranking it out of the park.  I hope good changes come from this, because they're right; Amazon can't be the only option when it comes to shopping.
Respect NG nice job keep up with the good work and information we need more YouTube channel like you.
But Ofcourse they will have to take you up on that, or else they would've been done in the market...
Hope it goes well!  Would love to have Newegg as an option again. Ben shopping there since middle school, have photos in the HS yearbook in a lab with a free newegg tshirt. Thanks GN, bought a modmat as a gift for someone.
Amazon did the exact same thing to me that Newegg did to you I bought what was supposed to be a brand new GTX 2080 TI back when they were still I think $1,800 new and I received a box that was opened the Box said it was a 2080 t.i. but once I open the box you can see that the anti-static bag had fingerprints on it and it was a regular 2080 it was the Rog strix Amazon refused to accept the refund and they kept the 20-80 they never sent it back to me so I called my bank and explain to them what happened I got my money back through my bank because luckily I had saved every single piece of information that I could possibly save recorded phone calls emails everything and Amazon banned my account and threatened legal action against me nothing ever came of it but I can promise you that this type of shady business b******* goes away deeper than just Newegg it just so happens that like you said unfortunately new Eggroll the one on a 20-sided die and unfortunately for them you had the platform to expose them for what this truly is I just wish there was some way that I can get my account back from Amazon because I had I can't remember how much money I had in Amazon store credit they took everything sorry this comment is so long but honestly thank you for doing what you do everyone at Gamers Nexus thank you for being the people that you are the the Warriors of justice for the right to repair and exposing Shady business practices and just being generally all around good people thank you for everything that you do.
What do I think will happen?  They'll try to buy you off with a new mobo that you should have gotten in the first place, along with a fancy new Newegg t-shirt and matching ball cap.  Oh, and a lanyard.  They know you like lanyards.
Plenty of strip clubs in the area, just sayin'
CREBAIN FROM DUNLAND SAURON HAS MANY SPIES IN HIS SERVICE
Just wait - in 5 or 10 years there'll almost certainly be a "do you remember" video on Youtube, titled something to the effect of " The MoBo & RMA Sticker That Stuck It To Newegg." It'll chronicle the fall of the company & feature interviews with former employees & management. Guaranteed.
Well, it's good to see that they're making progress in the right direction. Now they just need to keep going.
Yeah, Newegg is toast at least in the enthusiast community.  They got greedy and killed the goose that layed the golden egg.  They might recover, or they might just lose the enthusiast market completely.  Interesting to see that Linus has a completely different take on this.  It is interesting to see your honesty in reporting and his attempt to put a spin on it meaning you are sponsored by viewers and he is sponsored by industry.  So I guess that means Linus is toast too, at least among the enthusiast community.
Those geese were quieter than what my freaking ATI 4970 stock fan was at load
Why even bother giving such an opportunity just for a chance at a corporate duolopy where your options are dogshit from America or dogshit from China. A total waste of effort, good faith, and money. Your time is better spent somewhere else.
please can your editor use the music from the good the bad and the ugly for the video!
Mmmm it is more than a small number , I think they ate hoping this will pass
A PR guy? Lame.
Lol dang Canadian Geese 🤣
Hopefully you have the pain list from the DIY community. I know you do. I probably stopped buying from Newegg when they started bundling their garbage with things that I wanted to try to buy. That was the last straw for me but not the only one. I didn't mind the lottery system, I thought that was good but when they did that and STILL didn't stop bundling, I knew that they were just evil.
Uhhhh.... should I be worried having recently purchased a PC from them? Were there specific issues that only pertained to some builds?
It is clear that the parts "mixup” and "few isolated incidents" from Newegg press release is bullcrap PR and damage control lies. They messed up in several different ways and repeatedly.  The fact that they sold unfunctional destroyed MB to a customer(s) is one thing. The fact that they did not inspect the MB when it was returned to them by GN and didn't find out it was already labeled as RMA by them on the second try is whole another, separated f*up by them. The fact that the whole time their customer support was abysmal (not checking the part / order history, not replying, changing the story, never sending photo proofs ..) is yet another, separated f*up by them.
BS statement.  Ask to see the old procedure and new procedure.
I look forward to seeing the next update on this. Hope you have your big boy pants on and ready to fight a soundboard of newegg. You have the support of everyone who watches your content NG.
when i ordered almost $70 of case fans from newegg instead of recieving fans i got a $4.99 tube of thermal paste. so i called newegg asking what happened and they said they would call me back with a adress to ship to, they then never called me back and everytime i called them they said the same thing that theyn will call me back. eventually they said that i was wrong and my order was showing thats what i purchased. i then showed them my reciept and transaction from my bank clearly showing i did buy $70 of case fans and that on the reciept it also said that. they then said i must have been mistaken with a previous order because the only order showing up for me was the thermal paste. ive never bought from newegg again and i never got my money back. if i cant trust them to send me $70 of fans i am for sure not trusting them with anything else.
"he is coming to talk about RMA's" "send the head of PR".....
I'm glad you mentioned that your past experiences were great with Newegg, I haven't needed customer service recently but when I did a few years ago they were excellent. Perhaps the labor shortage is hitting them hard.
4:39
Give 'em hell!
I have no faith in your talks with Newegg. I know you will fall for their PR bs hook line and sinker. Mark my words.
Newegg is going to need a VERY good excuse for this kinda bullshit, cause this could very quickly turn into a Class Action Lawsuit and wipe their respect, loyalty, and Reputation, along with a shit load of their money, Far more money, than just fixing the issue or throwing away the item and not reselling it
Nice three paragraph letter Newegg let's see if you can actually change your shady business practices now that you've been called out on your bullshit.
Again, NewEgg straight up refused my return of an unused motherboard last year because I'd broken the seal on the ESD bag. I don't understand how they can be so stringent and yet accidentally allow e-waste to be sold to consumers.  They lost my business with that one. NewEgg used to be a great company. Now it's basically Amazon and eBay.
Well done Gamers Nexus! Thanks for doing what most can't be bothered to.
time for a blind test.   get another open box (ideally one you also want) and verify whatever happens.
Really happy that when I got a "refurbished" cooler master aio with the pump power cord split in half they allowed me a refund. Was fun to see reported temps of 95
Enemy Geese
Spying Geese from Newegg
Oh so this was just a trailer.... Ok, I jumped the gun on the popcorn.
I never got a refund for a MB I ordered in 2018 that never arrived, even with a USPS receipt confirming the lot mail.
You should do a Tech review in the same shooting location Is for some reason that made this video ridiculously pleasant to watch
The problem is simple. Newegg went public, and has a stock price. This is why all gaming companies that go public suck soon after.
I bought 6 pieces from Newegg, 3 pieces BAD. They told me to go pound sand up my ass. They are thieves, 100% thieves.
Let's do a poll for possible generic answers from Eric:  A: I am not a specialist, but.... B: I cannot answer you right now and need to contact person XYZ to confirm that... C: This is a special case, something that can never happen to other customers... D: I can promise you this will never happen again ... E: We screwed up big time and take our responsibility for any historic cases....   Hell, let's make a live bingo game out of this interview, is it being livestreamed?
I bought a NEW computer for Xmas for my daughter and it arrived DOA. When I sent it back they sent me back an open box one. I won't be using them anymore.
It's interesting 🤩https://youtu.be/j5-ljeudCX0
No offense, but this is still a fail.  Good on you for all this... definitely...love it!  However, NewEgg is only kissing @$$ because they got caught.  How long would this have gone on if they didn't get busted?   Shame the biggies only give a crap when their bottom line is in trouble.
I refuse to shop at Newegg nowadays because the stick the problematic Gigabyte PSUs in GPU bundles and prebuilts to get rid of them. And when I say prebuilts I don't mean like Skytech or Dell or something like that it's ABS prebuilts. ABS is literally Newegg's brand of gaming computers.
Damage is done. Why would you risk using this supplier from this point on?
Journalism like it used to be!
I just checked the worth of a share from Newegg. They lost like 55% of worth within a 2 months xD
How could anyone misspell "Steffani" in that way?
I wish tech influencers were this critical of Nvidia as you guys are of newegg thats why I unsubbed from all tech influencers except for gear seekers and tech deals.  BTW i hate newegg and Nvidia equally.
My friends, it just keeps happening.
Let's be honest; who wants to see companies like NewEgg brought down to their knees for the entire world to see?
500 dollar parts are not a small inconvenience for most people.  its something that takes months or longer to save up for.
Steve: every time they give you an evasion or deflection or non answer,  I'd suggest taking a leaf out of a British political interviewer's playbook:  "That's a lovely statement and very well prepared but it is not an answer to the question being asked. Please answer the question"  It takes the wind out of PR droid sails very quickly and usually has them openly snarling at you within minutes - which is a good thing as it means you've irritated them enough to let the mask slip
Such a shame, we need alternatives to Amazon but New Egg seems to be as unscrupulous as them.
I'm so sick and tired of the fake corporate talk. These people invest millions of dollars in their systems, they got algorithms for their algorithms but then they some how "mixed up" a product with a GIANT defective sticker on it. Yea right.
Eric Wein just started working for Newegg according to his Linkedin profile. This is gonna be a hell of a job for him.  Feel almost bad but that's his job. Hope the meeting goes well.
QUIET ON SET! Those poor geese!
Geese:. REEEEECONNNN!
PR director...well, obviously it's going to be a manicured response, rather than a no-bullshit response. Which is worrisome, but hey, at least it's something.
Well I new those surroundings look familiar. Welcome to the north state.
your a true professional t take up the meeting and talk about the problems with new egg  because putting them out of business  is bad for everyone /hope new egg uses this to better themselves
Steve, major kudos to you in being professional enough to take off your justified hat of spite and putting on your journalism hat.  I'm thoroughly impressed with not only your tenacity, but your ability to separate emotion from logic and cover and approach this in such a detached manner as your commentary through this video has been.  You are what journalists should aspire to, and the tech industry has nothing but gains to garner from you.  Good job, dude!
Between you guys and UFD this whole saga is just gripping! Better than a TV drama but in all seriousness thank you for what you have done and continue to do
Yeah, it would be nice if there were more than a two or three retailers.  But, I really don't thuink Newegg HAS to be in that mix.  I shop B&H more and more. It started with camera and audio through teh catalog, but they are just as good with electroics and computers. I use CDW, B&H, Micro Center, Amazon, Staples (printers), with Costco and Target on the low end.  While I don't alwasy think Crutchfild has the bets prices, it botique; yet I can say they are honest.  I would put Newegg with Best Buy, WalMart,  and all teh other big-box retailers.   Yes, ist sucks that there used to be dozens ort regional stores that have died out leaving few options, but I do not think ist our job to "save" Newegg from itself.
If I don’t see a commercial from Newegg in the style of the BP commercial from South Park “I’m so sorry” I’ll never forgive them   Edit: context https://youtu.be/15HTd4Um1m4
💪💪💪💪💪💪
Every corporation when they get caught they say the same thing we are sorry we're handling it we well try to do better you  our customers are very important to us but we will screw you every way possible.
9:45 - _Darn.  I was really hoping for a duel in the Wild West._
My first pc was built with most of its parts from Newegg. I became disappointed with them a few years later and have not bought from them again. Sad that they used to be the first place to go to get your parts and now they aren't even considered.
How good are the graphics on this new set?
Kudos to cameraman not laughing when Steve goes off script.
The newegg's letter sounds like a corporate BS at its finest. "The mistakes has been made, your money is important to us". The customer service was appalling, and this is not "just a mistake" - it has been so designed.
Oh, let me guess, "Lessons will be leant" BS
Wish Google Fi could get this kind of attention. Their customer service is junk.
While  you are ask them why next day  air takes 1-2 weeks  on item that are in stock sold buy NewEgg ?
I thougth to buy a Phanteks P500A case from Newegg for my first build.... but this story is skechy enough to have 2nd thoughts (I didnt know Newegg existence until last year that I was Fully interested on building a PC)
Newegg found out that negative social media doesn't affect it's bottom line. So they don't care. You get a canned corporate response.
I use to have 100 Faith in them, but with current issues with GN n Brett I am beginning to question wether or not to trust them. I can drive an hour away from for a mirco center plus Amazon. I really hope Newegg fixes their issues unless they will less a lot of people support n faith in them as a electrics seller. Thank you whole team of GN for all you are doing n have done keep up the great work
GameStop will be the new big retailer for computer hardware.
Damn those scouts.
You are handling this so well. You're not backing down or being bullied. Give them the opportunity to fix it on your terms, not there's. Put them to a decision for all there chips. I love it. Can't wait to see the follow up.
Well if they would care about what they claim they care, why wouldn't they refund from the beginning? It's clear they just do damage control at this point and they don't really care about what they say they care. It's fun how all the "head of blabla" pop up when they have to do damage control, but they hide away when a legitimate customer needs support.
Newegg's problems began the moment they started doing 3rd party sales. They saw an opportunity to make more money with less logistics and got lazy. PERIOD. Fuck Newegg. I haven't bought from them in over 8 years.
Thanks for working on a constructive resolution to this problem.
Those were not Canadian geese those were Linus goose drones!!
Cancel Newegg.
This Youtuber is milking this Newegg scenario for what it's worth.  There are many retailers selling computer parts; not just Newegg.
Steve, truly living up to the Tech Jesus title my dude.
starting with a PR lie is not a good look for the rotten eggs support your local chip shop
This is a watershed moment for GN. Very interesting to follow. Steve is approaching this like an investigative journalist and everyone is respecting that.
All you guys at GN are doing a bloody amazing job thank you for making the pc space so much better and more wholesome and transparent!😍
They're in full panic basically, because they KNOW they'll lose an obscene amount of business now that someone with actual sway in the tech community got the short end of their shit stick. It's really sad how companies don't fix thing until situations like this arise. Hopefully they dedicate the time and effort into being a reputable business, and not just a "no other choice" type of shop as you said it yourself, the only other real option is Amazon unless you're near a MicroCenter.
GN continues being the best tech channel
This is a great way to try and better the industry
I say boycott Newegg for a few months until they get their act together and can ensure proper customer satisfaction to all their customers.
I'd love to see a curveball thrown to Newegg in bringing up Brett's (UFD Tech) issues that he's had. Newegg has so many issues in seemingly every interaction they have, might as well hit every base while you're at it.
Unrelated to the video, I watched your GPU sag video with the 1080ti.   I have a 1080 Strix which was sagging, bought a bracket, and my temps shot up by around 25-30C. Could the pcb be warped? I left it sagging for now since I don't want it running at 90C with 100% fans as opposed to 60-65 with around 70% fan.   Tried it with my finger too, as soon as I pushed up to level the card temps went to 80C, I let go it went to 65 in a sec.
Some have Microcenter, the rest of us used to have Fry's Electronics and now we have nothing.
You are most likely going to speak with someone that was ordered to tell you "Whatever he wants to hear". They will say things like we are sorry and we are working on improving, all of which will just be a way for them to damage control. I have 0 faith in them actually making a change.
i stopped using newegg when they sent me 3 dead power supply's in a row at the start of this year
"process error" is a strange way to say "we sold something that we knew was damaged and unusable and when it was returned we ignored the enormous brightly colored sticker making clear that this is what had happened".
Just don't get paid by them to shut your mouth Steve. As for their quality of customers service, it went bad for reason, reason being change of ownership, and as long as that ownership doesn't change again, nothing in their business is going to change. Anyways good luck :)
It's kind of weird to hear that there are just two hardware retailers in US, Amazon and Newegg... Even in my (small) country, I can name four hardware retailers just from the top of my head, and there's much more of them online. I mean... really? Just two?
I love having the update, but damn... It's hard to pay attention toward the end when Steve's hair starts billowing in the wind. 😍  He's like our Tech Samson.
Please ask about the GIGABYTE PSU Bundles! And thank you for holding companies accountable through this type of journalism.
Case was passed to Mr. Wein, hope complains wont end up in vain, xd.
geese. evil fucks.
Newegg is a bunch of corrupt crooks. They intentionally rip everyone off unless you prove you can hold them accountable. Newegg deserves to FAIL. Crush them with a class action lawsuit so their victims will receive compensation and force them to file for bankruptcy.
Boycott Micocenter until they build stores in every city..LOL
I bought a “new” Ryzen 3900X off of Newegg last year and when it arrived it was in an obviously opened box and the chip itself has thermal paste around the edges lol just thought I’d share my most recent (and last) purchase from newegg…
Eric Wein... quick google search told me that this guy just started working in newegg LAST MONTH. They literally sent a new hire to deal with this mess. That just tells me newegg isn't taking this issue seriously at all.
Gamers Nexus. Taking I want to talk to the manager to a new level.
Hey man, did you use coconut oil in your hair after showering because your curly ends are splendid in the hotel room scene.
i appreciate that continued investigation you guys are doing on this and i look forward to learning more, but there’s nothing that newegg can say that will make me continue to be their customer for years to come. I despise Amazon but the blatant anti consumer behavior (and general a-hole ness exemplified by UFD tech), i’d rather support the lesser of two evils and Newegg really made themselves seem worse
Newegg will never go back to the way it used to be.  They've been doing the "bent pins" RMA rejections for years (based on reviews I've read over the years).  Simply put, there is too much money to be made with fraudulent RMA rejections and third-party sellers.
You absolute legends
SEAGULLS FROM ISENGARD
uhhh Tigerdirect and Provantage  both same business as Newegg. Actually used both before newegg.
Check out GameStops new website. They are selling components. They have deals with top  manufacturers to sell gaming components.
Sponsor: "be quiet" Video: "Newegg Responded"  LOL THE AMOUNT OF IRONY IS UNBEARABLE!
Why not send someone to the meeting who is the process owner and/or process sponsor of  - stock management,  - special offer management,  - relisting of open box items,  - handling internal RMAs, - handling customer RMAs, - handling user calls and chats, escalations aka customer service   Why limit the new "hassle-free return experience" on open box items only to motherboards and CPUs? Aren't they selling other hw as "open box"?  No high hopes with this one...
Thank you GN Team from keeping this industry from going down the shitter even more !
4:41 Crebain from Dunland!  https://youtu.be/LI-q6PpLgVI?t=212
Don't forget that this is all damage control from Newegg. They are in it for the money. Nothing else. They only "care" now because it can impact their bottom line. And that's the only thing they really care about.
What a flex playing the limited edition steam deck on your flight. It's a shame your trip down to city of industry was tainted by their terrible service, hope you enjoy your stay in socal.
Their press release statement is just a bunch of garbage and lies.
nah newegg is kinda lost cost. Amazon will rule them with sjw's tokenization lol
Sounds like canned bullshit to me, examples they’re retailer and all they wanna to do is push the product onto you and you return it to the industry that made it so they don’t have to deal with it.
You need to address the actions of the person that opened your return. That person was in full knowledge that you hadn't even opened the mailing box and in full knowledge that you hadn't seen the RMA sticker. He/She then decided that as you didn't see the RMA sticker, you could still be blamed for the damage. That singular act was for me, the worst of all. This shows that there is a malicious intent in Neweggs RMA workforce. Regardless if it was isolated to one member of staff, this is not a great excuse, they must have a single person point of failure on returns. This should never be the case in a company of their size. Bad management right there and I bet that there is still a single point of failure even now, after they have changed their procedures. If you can, please detail their RMA division, I would spot a failure and point it out instantly. For the record I worked as a Service Manager for a fairly busy computer company in the 90's-2000's, I have extensive experience in swift dealings of component returns and can for sure spot issues easily in their setup.
Newegg seem to know the problems. Will they fix it, Depends how many customer they have left before they realise how badly they dropped the ball.
Public Relations, a.k.a Damage Control. Soothsay your audience into thinking that the company you represent is really for the customer when most of their actions prove otherwise. It's not a surprise to me that they reached out. It's very calculated. Better to show up for a last chance effort to at least influence the way their target market (I mean valued customers) perceive the... Wait for it... "Misunderstanding." While thinking through it, I saw the press release you shared at the 8:25 mark. Typical. What is the concern in this situation? Integrity, the abuse of people and their trust. What do they start with? "Customer satisfaction and integrity are at the core of our business." First, who would admit that it's not even if it wasn't? If people believed that these values weren't at the core of said business, they'd probably stop doing business with you, which is the case here. Second, the reason this has blown up is because what they've done here has proven otherwise. Even the fact that they started reaching out when they found out what they did to Gamers Nexus is, as was expressed in a previous video, all the more suspect. Hold them to it. What I've seen here is unacceptable.
Honestly I don't think NewEgg deserves the opportunity to explain anything. We already know exactly what they will say -- they will minimize the problem by claiming your experience was unusual, apologize profusely and promise to improve their process. They literally have no choice but to respond this way, whether your experience was in fact representative or outlying, they regret ripping off everyone else or just GN, and whether they plan to change this pattern of behavior or not. I realize it might seem like you're just dropping a hate bomb on them and giving them no chance to respond but you did give them chances, plenty, when you were just another customer. Heck, you weren't even that -- you were a long-term customer with an extensive purchase history -- but even that didn't merit a benefit-of-the-doubt escalation from their customer support NPC's, who, I should mention, were almost certainly not going off-script! Anyone they claim to have fired for cause in the wake of this scandal would be a far more meaningful person to interview than whatever professionally-smooth neuro-linguistic-programmer they will try to hypnotize you (and us) with in this meeting.
Can you comment on the Hot News / Newegg debacle? It's probably even worse than this...
thanks for all your efforts
#20 on trending… can’t wait for the follow up but I’d say “message received”
So they're gonna send their pr guy to b.s. you. Why waste money and time to get the same b.s. statement that you got on that paper. "We're sorry we got caught.  😔 "
Operation save Newegg: Y'all stopped me from buying a MB from NE this week.
just listening to YOU read to their pr bullshit and not even reading it myself still made me throw up in my mouth. They pay the people who write this bullshit millions of dollars and all it does is piss people off to hear like. How is EVERY SINGLE white collar corporate thug this far out of reality
You know what would be great, that they actually give you free access to the assembly/production line where you look through their procedures and start randomly 'inspecting' products and you start throwing things around that doesnt fit your standard and yell at management for incompetence. It'd be like Gordon Ramsay but with computers .... and no accent.... but with better hair.
the funniest part of this is how when newegg fails so hard, amazon benefits. but we all know amazon support for pc components is even fucking worse.
How do they know that it's only a small number of returns? And if they know that these people have had this problem, why haven't they already reached out to those customers? It sounds like they know that it's not just a small number and want to downplay it, or don't know the extent of the problem, and want to downplay it.
It’s almost impossible for any change to happen, I have worked retail for many years, because so many people destroy and switch out bad product for good or return broken when they damaged it, is much of the reason they have stopped helping anyone, compare what bed bath used to be 5 years ago, return anything anytime for any reason, now it’s 30 days and you need receipt. Period, sales, markup is way down for all retailers on top of that.
I hate horrible PR opening statements. It just feels tone deaf and out of touch.
It’s funny how PR statements like the one from NewEgg seem to have a red-thread in them. The message does not seem to be intended for the customers, but shareholders. It’s almost as if they are legally obliged to say sorry, while at the same time underplaying the scope. When you aplogize in the same sentence as you underplay what you did, it doesn’t come off as sincere, at all.  I’ll be watching the interview with popcorn, fully expecting NewEgg to dig a bigger hole.  Thanks for what you do GN.
Godspeed Steve and company!
tech jesus @ 9:36 (Pause at the right frame)
Badegg
5:09 blindsided me, you need to turn on Dark Theme!
They aren't going to admit to anything on camera. If they do it opens them up to litigation. The interview is just going to be the Newegg representative running in 100% spin mode.
WOW GN on the ground at Newegg HQ.  That's amazing.  Serendipitous but good move touché !  🔥🔥🔥
I hope you'll be routinely spot-checking them with frequent undercover warranty videos. As much as I hate monoculture in any market, I'd rather see a malicious company die and leave a monopoly behind than continue to exist, if they can't change.
ScrammbledEgg
#16 on trending.... wow.
Fuck Newegg and all businesses like that.
So glad I have a Microcenter here. They're awesome
Sounds like Newegg is focussing on the return policy part of this whole debacle. If they put decent QA on 'open box' stuff in the first place, maybe they wouldn't have to deal with as many returns.
I just re-directed my last part order to Amazon, even though their prices are somewhat (10% in this case) higher. At least I'm reasonably confident that Amazon wont screw me over.  Would've preferred a local retailer, but unfortunately they're all gone now. I used to have several of them including 3 (yes, THREE) NCIX locations in walking distance from my place.
Why the interest in keeping this scammy business afloat? Afraid they’re ‘too big to fail’? I say let them go out of business and let a more honest company take their place. This has been a long time issue they’re just now pretending to care about because of the publicity of these videos.
#20 on Trending....
it was never good.   you just got lucky for a while.
Newegg is owned by people who like shortcuts and don't care a whole lot about their customers.  Expecting them to act outside of this framing is setting yourself up for disappointment.
I'm not American but thank you for all the hard work anyway.
the lady who is "corporate escalations"  is known as "damage control"...  i could pick apart her statement.   "small" number of affected customers?
Thank you so much for this video!!! I was just going to order stuff from Newegg, but this changed my mind.
I don't like the idea that the head of PR is the one coming to see GN. Why is it only 1 person? Shouldn't the heads of the departments that screwed up be the ones sitting down with GN? This is not a PR issue (well it is) but it has more to do with internal divisions and streamlining. GN need to be lecturing (not asking questions) to the heads of the departments that messed up. Not the PR person. I feel like they will just be sorry, tell GN about a bunch of things that will change (they won't) and GN will make a positive video absconding them of their responsibilities.
#FTC for the win
hold up... the gigabyte sticker on the board was dated to 25th october while the return happened mid-late december? a bit confused on the timeline, but if that's the case then it's flat out evidence of fraud
Those Birds weren’t real.
Steve, for a nerd you really lay down the fire. It is quite admirable. I mean that with the utmost respect
Too late. They've pulled off this scam too many times. They will never get any business from me.
When will these companies learn that giving a statement like that doesn't make it better it makes it worse. Filled with lies, platitudes and marketing ploy it actually says nothing, doesn't address the issue, and insults the intelligence of Steve, His GN Team, GN viewers, and all Newegg's customers. The level of contempt in which they hold us is evident therein. Don't shop at Newegg folks, they're thieves and they're liars and they're laughing at you, their customer. Plenty of other options. I'm not in the USA so i can't speak on all of them but even i know about BH Photo Video, who also sell PC HW
Thank you for calling Newegg out, and keeping them honest.  Great place to shop.  Let's keep it that way.
They may change. Nevertheless, i will never buy in NewEgg anymore.
Hope gamers nexus ask newegg what path their rma'd open box motherboard have taken internally. would be great if we actually get a full history of events, even if it is unlikely.
GameStop sells computer hardware
Maybe you could convince them to stop using UPS Mail Innovations, it’s the worst shipping service I’ve experienced. They need to give us as customers the choice of carrier that works best for our own location, even if it can’t be free.
Sorry, but thieves and scammers do their explaining in court. This whole thing now sounds like a Newegg promotion.
Gawd dayum you’re milking this shizz like crazy Lmao  I hope the series is done and resolved before I die.  How many more videos are looking at? 3? 5?
Railing on bad companies are fun, but I guess we shouldnt let Amazon monopolize
_Steve Burke. Doing God's work._
Are them hoodies available, want one if it's not $100 like linus hoodies smh
Someones gotta do YouTube next
Why the fuck is the sky flashing like that😂
Odds are good the PR guy will hand you a "cease and desist" letter at your meeting... do'ah!
Literally couldn't think of a better group to rep us. Thanks GN.
There is also B&H Photo which carries a LOT of computer components these days. Micro Center is great, but they are very focused on staying brick and mortar. Here's the issue. Amazon is maybe a little evil (especially if you work for them), but they have flat out the best return policy of not only any computer part seller, but pretty much any retailer at all. I've used it a few times because I ended up not needing the item as you did with that motherboard, and once for a defective product. No questions, no hassle, no paying shipping. I've only bought from Newegg when it was something either out of stack on Amazon or something Amazon just doesn't carry. Let Newegg match that going forward. Yes I know it might take a bit of time to set up. Secondly, they need to take care of the customers they pulled this and similar stunts on with immediate refunds, no questions asked. If they want the products back, they can eat the shipping on them. They really do need to turn this around because they are a publicly traded company and their stock price has been tanking even before this. It may already be too late.
Newegg love digging a deeper hole for their own grave don't they?
How sad is that it takes things like this for these companies to do the right thing. This world.... unreal.
I guess we know how they can afford to do those new egg shuffles!
Looking forward to this one. Their "focus" on customer satisfaction so far has been to tell both customers & their sponsored content creators that they're wrong until it's become a huge issue that clearly isn't "a few isolated incidents" and they're whole constantly shifting the blame & "mixup" narrative is getting pretty damn old at this point. I'd really like to hear some actual tangible plans to remedy this nonsense instead of the usual "We're working internally to fix this" bullshit. Cool, tell us what you're doing & what you plan to do in the future to avoid these "mixups" so we can please regain at least a little faith in you, Newegg.
At best bad management at worst deplorable actions.  If this was a normal person it would have dragged out for several months at least.  Not great for a public business to be interacting with paying customers
We need more transparent tech journalism! Thank you Steve and the GN team!
On a side note, the "being outside" setting of the video was quite nice. You guys should do this more often, though imagine it's 10x harder for audio and set
ay we got memex and bcom here we good forget newegg. Amazon n such isn't the end all be all I don't even buy my pc parts online its all local and msrp. got a 3070 locally at msrp with a wait list. Also glad linus took this up to help your cause, I'm sure more creators and voices and views and audience helps. Take this to the end and get em.  "small number effected" seems like a lie, based on the blatant lies or deceit of the socket damage of your board.
YOU DIDN’T need to make a video before the meeting, about just scheduling the meeting. This is a waste of 20 minutes of my time. THumbs down..
"very small amount" will never not be hilarious in that statement
CCP owned companies dont GAF about anything you say.
At the core of their business is one thing and only one thing and that's profit, nothing else.
Holy journalism, Batman!  Like, actual journalism. Mmmmm, it tastes good.
"We tweeted before meeting with Newegg..... if we don't tweet again after an hour, call the FBI! And if we do tweet, the secret word for distress is "Pistachio""
f*ck Newegg
you´re too nice to them almost to a fault. one can absolutely give them the benefit of the doubt. it´s quite easily to imagine many reasons that this was an honest mistakes from accindententally shipping the the wrong board to a malicious employee maybe pocketing the working boards for himself while swapping them with defective ones. there are many excuses they might come up with and it´s almost impossible to prove otherwise. but once their mistake was discovered even if it really wasn´t their fault at all. what followed and how they treated you and along with you many many customers without a platform who got the same treatment, is beyond any excuse.   sure nobody likes monopolies but they 100% deserve to go bankrupt about this even if it was amazon that takes over their market share. something like this is almost impossible to imagine something like this under amazon´s return policies. also it´s not guaranteed that it will be just amazon that takes neweggs place. amazon  can´t compete on price yet since they don´t have their own cpu´s and gpus and sellers on amazon  have to pay them a hefty cut so in most cases they´re not even close to beeing competetive for price concious cutomers, which leaves plenty of room for other retailers to fill that gap that don´t treat their customers like garbage
Was always highly suspicious about newegg.. your videos put the last nail in that coffin.
Man you never responed about doing lunch :) Was in Industry.
They are sending a P.R. cog? This is bad comedy
GN rules, he actually cares about tech. Unlike that money obsessed diva hack Linus.
At what point does the FTC get involved willful negligence and theft. How many already broken parts have they sent out and just "that's on you, you broke it" Documented proof shows up Newegg refused to fix parts and still resale them and blame the customer when they are DOA and decide to keep the money.
Is anyone else in awe of how fabulous Steve's hair truly is?
Holy cow!  Newegg did almost the same thing to me.  In 2020 I returned an H110M motherboard because I couldn’t get it to post. They sent me an email and said the pins were bent so were sending it back to me. I figured maybe I damaged it so didn’t do anything but let it happen and threw it out after they sent it back to me. It was only $60 so I figured no big deal. Thinking back, I’ve built about 10 PC’s including custom water cooled ones and didn’t think I bent any pins. Wondering if they screwed me over too???  WTF.
I'd like to hear what they have to say about banning addresses, accounts, and credit cards of people that have charged back money that was stolen from them by Newegg in this return scam since they claim they're always looking for "better ways to serve".
So you said you would get the interview out today?  Something holding you guys up?  maybee NewEgg doesn't want you to talk?
We need a Gamers Nexus in every industry. At least we have one for PC builders
Meanwhile nGreedia is sorry https://youtu.be/0Uk2oHyNZA0
UFD tech posted a video a few days ago and what's happened with Gamers Nexus is small fries to what they done to UFD tech. They done a few things that are much worse to UFD Tech.
NewEgg: Flapping like a two stroke engine!
i burst into laughter at 4:40,
The unfortunate stance that many larger companies take these days essentially involves screwing over customers until they hit someone with a following that can put a dent in their business.   In a twisted way, we lucked out that GN experienced this… hopefully some good can come from it! This space certainly needs more competition.
Thank you very much for fighting the good fight, Steve!
I had a small problem with NewEgg years ago. I purchased a refurbished computer and the clock battery was bad. I used modern messaging to communicatethe problems, and I was able to communicate the problem to -support- and they instructed me to send the computer back. I suggested that they just send  me the battery, and linked them the battery that was needed that was available on their website; it was supplied by a vendor, not new egg themselves. They said they'd credit me back if I purchased the item I linked. So, I bought the battery and they ended up paying for it with no more communication from me.  Over-all, I had a good expense from that situation.
sending a PR person to this it self tell me that this is not a honest discussion.
Let the Newegg 6 month boicot begin!!! I agree that we need competition for Amazon, but a message has to be sent.
One of the most interesting tech series' that ever happened.Would follow this all the way through.
Amazing what kind of response you can get from a company when it's revealed they are "accidentally" committing federal crimes.
We've got UMart here, and its a total piece of shit.
Newegg will go on record apologizing for an “oversight” in quality control and customer service and will change their policy for the next year to save face and resort faith. Once everything is back to normal, history will repeat itself and the shady business will resume. Truly sad that it really will come down to MicroCenter and Amazon for me and most others from this point on.
I've been using Newegg for the better part of 10 years.  maybe 3-4 builds plus parts.  I would also recommend Newegg to all my friends or anyone that asked me about hardware purchases.  I personally haven't had any issues, but after seeing all these shady practices coming to life, I will NEVER use Newegg again.  I haven't spent close to the amount of money you YouTubers have, so Newegg probably doesn't care, but they will start to care when we all start spending our money elsewhere.
HAH "isolated incidents" - is there such a thing? I mean 2 maybe, sure, but anything after 3's a pattern......300's a pisstake. Isolated my eye...
I (In my own personal experience) feel that New Egg service started to decline around 2017. Which I recently learned wasn't far off from their acquisition by a Chinese company. I genuinely wouldn't be surprised if that was a major contributor to why their service quality has tanked so badly. From 2010 to 2017 I never bought any computer hardware from anywhere else, but with my last rig I went with amazon because I just wasn't happy with things.
You guys out here fighting a great fight
I'm really curious about how this googles to impact how Neweg will change if ever? Hoping for the best.
Is this what actual journalism looks like???
I called it.
Everyone @ GN, Thank You All for ALL that you do for the community. We are so lucky to have you have the community's back with these issues. I have been wanting to support you, but have not been able to make it work just yet. Hopefully when I do my taxes this year I will have something I can swing your way. Keep up the good work & I can hardly wait for the next episode in the matter.
I recommend you check up the follow-up video from UFD Tech for a preview of what you're likely to get when you meet with their P.R. head -- a lot of nice words that will change nothing.  https://youtu.be/tZ6LsloQ7K4
How many people on the plane realized you were playing on a Steam Deck in flight?
Thanks!
Thank you for covering this NewEgg saga and setting up an occasion for them to answer some tough questions on camera. Their update reads like typical PR garbage. None of it rings true, and their actual behavior over the past years contradicts it. I don't have high hopes they will change, though I am interested to see how their PR mouthpiece contorts himself in "answering" your questions.
Least Steve could do is wear his cape
4:30 Crebain from Dunland! Hide!
Hey I was trying to buy one of your mouse mats, but I'm allergic to the blue pigments in the rubber. Is there any way I could get a hazel colored mat?
10:43  understood, the clicks n views generated by this fiasco and the continuation is lining your pockets with gold. Yeah i get the pretense of singleing out the bad actor here and "it is for the good of all"  but the attention this story is attracting  and each step being published( also alot of other channels want to get on the milk wagon too) and even putting a side projects to focus on this story tells me the smell of money is to tempting to let any of this go unmonetized and is priority number 1 over everything. But hey, better you make money than them.
I wish you'd not shown the corporate relations persons email picture and full name.
Steve should be starting a new show "60 minutes - Tech Edition", I love this sort of investigative journalism.
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life
Watch out for lawyer types trying to steer the conversation one way or another.
You're doing amazing work, it's a privilege to have someone doing real introspective journalism on these companies. Thank you for all you're doing GN.
Because of all the work you are putting in, i will buy some merch, a shirt, 2 mouse pads, and bar mat. Oh yea. Ima support you bro. Thank you for all you do! Been buying from newegg for about 15 years.... Oh how times have changed.
1.6m subscribers? Yeah Newegg wants to “know your location”
I miss NCIX.
They're sending out a PR guy, not anyone in Operations, nobody that actually is involved with policy or the process.  It's a level below sending out a lawyer.  They're sending out Marketing...
Maybe it’s time for a class action
Steve?!?  You've been extremely 'politically correct' and even polite with them!  "I - as a possibly returning customer" would say a bit much.  I would like to see/hear from some of those customers that they've reached out to.
I don’t think Newegg kissing ass or being buddies with them is gonna fix their crappy RMA process or sht Ty customer service for last 10 plus years…
They are going to have to pull a big 180 if I would ever shop there again. It's obvious their bad behavior of ripping people off came down from the highest levels of management. Some heads need to roll at NewEgg for me to believe they will actually change cooperate culture. I don't want to hear any BS about how they didn't know about this either, they already lost face and I have no interest in them gaslighting us about what happened. They better drop to their knees when they meet with you give us a pubic apology, and they need to have transparent changes in place where we can check up on their behavior.
So we had a hassle-free return policy on open box items.. but now we totally mean it!
Steve I don't know how serious the thing is for you about Newegg, but this background has me wondering - how beautiful the morning is over there. I would love to visit any place with grass and open fresh air, lay down on the ground; working from home, working 8 to 10 hours from home... it toxifies a person. Thank you for showing such a beautiful background to me this morning. Made my day!
This channel is more than just a tech channel
'Quiet on set!' and those Newegg scouts absolutely killed me! 🤣😂  Great content guys! Keep it up! 😁
I would like to see them send out someone other than just their PR guy. If they brought along somebody from the RMA department then I think it would be better. We will see if we get anything more than PR spin and vague, meaningless promises.
as long as they know people have money, corporate greed will never change
This type of content is a huge part of the reason why GN is so valuable to the tech community. No one else that I'm aware of does this type of content as well as GN.  Thank you for using your platform to speak up for the consumers GN.
You could encourage Linus Media Group to go into the hardware market (like mentioned in their last two WAN Shows)
He better not be swagged out with NewEgg gear during this interview😂
Tech Jesus saving us from these greedy company, for real though, thanks a lot Steve, you're a godsend to the tech community
You liking the California weather Steve?
People working as technicians in "new egg's" warehouses also make mistakes, but it depends what the "punishment" is for the mistakes. Policy matters...  If a technician is worried that he/she will get fired because they dropped a CPU on the motherboard and bent some pins, they might hide that fact and say the motherboard came in this condition from the costumer. Of course it could also be management trying to save money to get bonuses.  Very interested in what actually is going on... Maybe: EVERYTHING
Awesome. Thank you.
and what about msi??
Strike list adding up for NewEgg.... -blame shifting.... -minimizing the problem when we know damn well know there's an elephant in the room. Will NewEgg off itself to hell in a handbasket?!🔥🔥🔥...only time will tell!!!
Loving this series. We shall see what newegg will have to say and act to remove this.
Steve looks so nice outdoors!
I'm glad you are telling us all how new egg is screwing over customers. I've bought a good bit of stuff from new egg, but I won't be buying anything from them anymore, unless and until they straighten up and stop their shitty ways. I'm not going to give them a chance to screw me like that!
Thus says The Lord God: Behold, the oaks of Bashan are toppled! The strongest among them are snapped as twigs; the most ancient among them are easily fallen, toppled by the wind! The cedars of Lebanon have no power! Their uprightness is brought down to the ground; they are all bent backward! Behold, their darkness is consumed in the light of day! Every shadow flees away, says The Lord.  For The Lord has come out of His holy temple, and the Word of The Lord blows upon the face of the whole earth! Strong and upright is The Word of The Most Holy, righteousness is found in all His ways; a rock, a mighty mountain is The Lord! Behold, His Word is a tower of strength, a strong wall which stands forever! Its height rises above the tallest mountain, its length can not be skirted, nor is there one in all creation who can break through! No army can stand against the sound of His Trumpet, nor is there a weapon forged which can break down the wall!   For as it is written:  The Word of God is living and powerful,  Sharper than any double-edged sword...  Piercing to where the soul meets the spirit,  Cutting through to where the joint meets the bone,  Even to the marrow...  A discerner of the thoughts,  A judge of the innermost intentions, Revealing the heart of every hearer.  https://www.thevolumesoftruth.com/The_Word_of_The_Lord
New Egg is down the street from me. The company has definitely changed over the years to less consumer friendly, but it has never delivered me bad gear. Just my personal experience.
Loved your encounter with the geese.  Safe travels, and all the best with New Egg.  We'll be watching for the outcome.
Over half a million views in less than 24 hours. This is huge! Depending on this meeting, it will help me decide if Newegg is worth shopping with moving forward.
Everything they did was wrong and them STILL lying about it even now. i will never trust them and i am the guy everyone i know and am related to goes to for buying parts and equipment for them so a couple dozen people will never shop there either
This is getting juicy
I personally haven't had issues with Newegg, but have only returned a couple things over the years, and hope that they don't pull a dell and say they fixed it and well......not so much.
We're on the beat! We're on the street! 👊👊 Tech Jesus!
Shit makes no sense you complain about not receiving $500 rma yet you spend thousands in plane tickets and hotel rooms to attempt to prove a point?@!
1.58 Million Nerds subscribed and still growing 😁
Birds Aren't Real
GN : Presents thoughtful list of criticism and potential improvements.  NewEgg : Long blank stare... NewEgg : YA WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE MONEY. LIKE 10 OUT OF 10, 1ST CHOICE A+ IS MONEY. HEY DO YOU HAVE ANY MONEY?  GN : firm grip on wallet as running to exit
"Quiet On Set!".   😀
Hope this helps their business rhetoric
I no longer buy from Newegg! Had to get my credit card company involved, they lost the money and the damaged item.
if they are gonging to change somethings why not change the "whole system" not just on specific items (eg: motherboards and CPUs). will that be a true change?
Steve, you and your team are awesome. Thanks for doing what you do!
Yes we care, we are doing everything possible to fix/help or remedy this situation, we apologize for the troubles you may have incurred... all corporate BS, show you the pretty front and hide the sweatshop this king of corporate behavior pawing sided with paying shameful wages is whats wrong with the world atm, its worse than drugs and covid together
MEMO TO ALL COMPANIES: The public understands that some mistakes can happen. How you handle those mistakes can be the literal life or death of your business, especially in the day and age of multiple social media platforms and multiple platforms to deliver both audio content and video content. As NewEgg is discovering, a customer that appeared as the Average Joe/Jane actually has 1.5 Million subscribers on YouTube on a channel that features lengthy, well-produced, highly-detailed content on PC Hardware - NewEgg's bread-and-butter. That single voice reached the ears of hundreds of thousands of people across the US - probably all of North America, and no doubt some overseas nations as well. The one miserable experience related to that audience prompted other customers to reach out and relate their miserable experiences as well, building up into the PR nightmare they have now. A PR nightmare that could have been avoided had so many customers been given better customer service until now. Let this fiasco be a "teachable moment" for not only NewEgg but every other company or corporation...  4:39 - HAHAHA! "Quiet on Set!"  Fun (not a) Fact: Canada geese don't honk. They're saying, "Eh? Eh? Eh?"   (Don't @ me, I am 1/8 "Quebeccian." When I'm overly-tired, the "aboat" "sore-y" and "agayne" have been known to sneak out of my mouth. I did, however, manage to avoid learning the "warsh" and "wartch" pronunciations. It wasn't until last year, at 43 years old, that I had my first poutine and I swear it felt like home.)  I don't think the geese were spying, I think they wanted to discuss the trucker protests in Canada. Good thing you scared them off, between Susan's Ban Hammer and Trudeau's threat to consider anyone siding with the truckers "t3rrori$t$," your channel would be at risk had they issued a statement. If they were from NewEgg, they'd be sitting on those NewEggs until the goslings hatched - and then, you'd end up getting attacked, they're violently-protective of their young.   Look at me, in Full Dad Mode, dad jokes followed by an educational tidbit nobody really cares aboat. <--haha
the ball is in their court now...will they dribble or pass?
Just a FYI, my missing M.2 hard drive is not due to Fedex, but somehow Newegg. I have not ordered anything from Newegg in 4 years, but when I finally decided to upgrade my old PC they sent my order to my old address that I have not lived at in 4 years... There is no way I filled out my old address when I ordered and somehow Newegg's software still had my old address. Good thing I can dispute the charges on something I never got.
The world is imploding slowly  meanwhile... Steve is standing in a field yelling at geese.
Steffani Farmer is Fn hot
Staffani Farmer can get it
Great work! Thank you!
Since your in the neighborhood look about for the old Rosewill Throne Industrial PC we built years ago I've always wondered where it went.
well that's one way to waste 11 and a half minutes.  "Newegg might meet and talk with us" that was actually the video?
Glad you're doing this as the nearest Microcenter to me is 2hrs away. :P  I like having the option of doing Amazon or Newegg but this development does put a layer of sliminess into the mix.  But I have to ask, if you have the time, are you going to crash Jays2cents while you're down that way?  He should be a short hop away by car from where Newegg is located so it'd be fun to pop in and do an impromptu visit and get more clicks!
“Not going to comment on their statements“ with words, but facial expressions are still on the table
This should be interesting...Will they be stupid enough to give Steve a bunch of corporate jargon to try to excuse themselves? Will the try to blame customers? Or will they own up to their mistakes, take responsibility and work on correcting their consumer unfriendly practices. It really seems that there are several companies that are acting against their customers lately. This could be a critical point in Newegg's history.
Wonderful shot of a Miata and a DeLorean driving by in the background.  Was that planned?
If only everyone in this world had this level of dedication and integrity man what an amazing world it could be. Cheers GN team :)
They said a "small" number of people twice. this seems like they are all ready to believe that the problem isn't there policy its a temporary breakdown of there process or a glitch .I really doubt they will change anything substantive. And I and many others will refuse to do business with them , as we are only a small number anyway what do we matter?
Steve taking advantage of the unexpected content which will in all likelihood surpass all the views for the fan measurement project by factors of 10. No concerns from me though, we need more accounting for large businesses like these.
In today's world, where monopoly is firmly existent in every business. Steve and GN are way more important than we realise.
I sincerely hope Newegg can take advantage of this opportunity to fix the issues that have taken them from being a great company to what they've become over that past few years. Good luck and we look forward to seeing your meeting with them.
LOL i know what part of norcal you are at based on the background you were filming thats great lol
I'm just glad there's someone like steve bringing things like this to light.
we love u tech jebus
It’ll be on Quick Bits too
That long letter translated shortly to "we got caught.....shit".
Doesn't surprise me that Newegg is scamming customers, seeing as how they've been letting their marketplace sellers do it for years. A blatant scam I just saw today on newegg is for item # 9SIB6GBGWK9465.  Might as well just throw your money in the trash.
"Director of Public Relations" Soooooo, Master Bullshit Artist? Even if it was sent out in error THEY LIED WHEN THEY SAID THEY RECHECKED TO FIND THERMAL PATE ON THE BOARD. That alone proved not only did they never do anything to resolve the issue but ACTIVELY LIED about it every step of the way. Fuck them, never giving them a dime going forward, dont care what they say.
I’d love it if you could ask about the UFDTech situation as well
The damage done now to their reputation and future profits far outweighs the cost of the board itself. This is why I'd rather spend a bit more on the same product from a competing retailer because I know they won't stuff me around if something I buy isn't up to scratch. Also depending in which country you live in, Some have more strict rules for consumer protection in place. What's the old saying?   Honesty is the best policy?
I noticed Steve has a problem pronouncing testing and booking
Thanks Steve and crew. Looking forward to Neweggs response.  I've trusted Newegg for years, and hope they really did listen.
Yes help NewEgg. Unfortunately many of us need them.
Newegg will not change! They just trying with all forces to calm down the fire. Their system was created to scam as much as they can without making waves. This makes the money and is a part of their business model. It's a core fundamental money printer so they can keep overall prices low.
Not paying to get the Motherboard fixed and selling it to a customer instead is not an "unintentional process error".
I'm guessing they'll screw it up.  all too often large corporations put out canned statements like this and then just continue doing what they've been doing all along. Just thinking of the BS that Dell pulls with their warranty and how multiple times in a row, Linux Media Group has caught them redhanded behaving in the same terrible way. Newegg isn't sorry one bit for what they did.  They're just sorry they got caught and that someone with a large enough platform caught them doing it. They have committed to nothing, and that press release of theirs is likely not worth the electricity it took to write and publish it.
Funny thing is ,  open box 📦  products only come with the manufacturer warrenty , and bent pins are not under that warrenty .   It's like you brought a carton of eggs 🥚,  open it , brought it home 🏡  then claimed of broken eggs .
It’s an absolute fact that if you’re able to spontaneously jump on a plane to tell Newegg “we will be on your doorstep with cameras”,  you are also able to go to your nearest microcenter to get needed hardware. Especially since you can easily inspect all open box/returned merchandise before buying. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve pulled motherboards out of the box and the static bag to look it over before buying, even going as far as to decline buying because something like the IO shield isn’t in the box.  And I’m a normal person who lives 3 hours away from microcenter. Not a major YouTube channel with multiple staff members.
Thank you for bringing awareness to this issue with NewEgg. My coworker was a victim of this NewEgg scam a few months ago. He purchased a brand new ASUS motherboard from them. Upon opening, he realized some of the CPU pins were bent. He sent it back to NewEgg for a replacement/refund. They denied the request, kept his money and sent the defective motherboard back to him. I've lost all respect for NewEgg and have no plans to be purchasing from them in the future. Keep pressuring NewEgg to change, what they are doing is wrong and they are ruining their brand reputation.
Well the unintentional part is /definitely/ a lie. There's just no way they actively pursued an RMA with gigabyte, and then "somehow" didn't know it was fuckered.
I won't purchase anything from Newegg until they fix these major issues.
Extremely rare company that admits its mistake. they will shift blame to an employee or some long worded BS which will never identify the problem until a similar issue comes up again.  "Change in process" will be to check / remove ANY stickers while putting the defective item back into inventory.
With the PR coms they put out, I’m only expecting them to say standard PR bs when interviewed. These companies are too big to be honest anymore.
I'm afraid this is going to be cringe.
Thanks for keeping the industry honest, Steve (and Co)!!!!
Im glad youre doing this, even having a Microcenter locally this is my primary place to buy hardware. When I saw they screwed you over with their usual corporate tactics I thought great now ill have to do microcenter or nothing.
Make sure to ask them about the exploding PSUs when you talk to them as well!
OK, they can't possibly make it even worse than what's already happened, right...?
Built my first Athlon 64 system with Newegg. Since then, it's been a downhill slope. I'm lucky to have a local Microcenter so they have gotten all of my business since Newegg has gotten increasingly sketchy.
Newegg: The gift that keeps on giving videos.
I don’t know, I think it’s damage control at this point. There is absolutely no way they are going be able to shift their procedures so quickly. It’s re-training, re-staffing, and management follow up to make sure it happens, as big as they are I feel it would take 8-12 months just to see noticeable improvement.
Good luck with the newegg meeting.   Hopefully once that is done, could you spare some time to deal with Razer's garbage support pls ?
This right here is where why Steve's moniker as"Tech Jesus" really shines... going boldly where no one would... Hats off to you guys... people like him are our salvation against greedy companies!!!
Cautiously optimistic. I hope they do better. You're giving them every chance. Let's hope they don't piss this opportunity away.
SMALL # of ERRORS MY ASS !!!!!!
Thanks!
Thank you for your actual honest to goodness great journalism. The msm could learn a thing or two from you guys about honesty and objectivity.
Someone fire the copywriter that wrote that “apology” letter. That classic “very small number” sentence has been done to death and only serves to undermine the real problem and resent the customer. They don’t care at all. That letter is no genuine apology.
*Duopoly* is when another business is working with another business to do shady business tactics now if it's a business on it's own doing Shady business tactics that that would be a *Monopoly*
Newegg needs to do a lot to get me back as a customer. I'm tired of them inflating prices, the insulting Newegg shuffle, and the 3rd party sellers. Bring back the classic Newegg when it was just them and with the good customer service. For once It would be nice for a company to realize that if you have a good business with honesty and trust you will gain a loyal paying customer base. I know the stock holders will never allow it because they are blinded by greed, but one can wish.
I just bought a ASUS ROG STRIX RX 6600 XT from Newegg.  I was a little curious when I read their fine print after ordering. It stated that once Newegg shipped the order, any issue I should have would be with the shipping company and they basically "washed their hands" of any responsibility. I was a little concerned about this policy since I didn't buy it form the shipper, nor was I given any choice as to who would deliver it! It also seemed a great way to blame someone else for a broken or mangled product. I hope this is something that's answered?
as usual awesome job, tyvm (from a loyal fan and an old 15-501 native)
I hope they have a good answer for this bull
What If?... This was the last time anyone saw GN Steve and the rest of the GN team. The case was never resolved. Dell and Thermaltake stock price rose by 5% that week.
Realizing just how fortunate I am to live ten minutes from a micro center...
Imma1st
The fact they need to emphasize the "small" number is just them screaming "we know fuck-all" with different words. Even if every single incidence _were_ isolated it still means they have some rather fundamental training oversights to iron out, at the very least.
They're NewEgg scouts.  Birds aren't real!
5:38 QUIET ON SET!!!!!!!!!!!! (big angry tech jeebus)
How not to apologise in 2022: "very small" "may not" "isolated" "small"
As a Canadian I'm jealous you get to see grass
I had bent pins on cpu shipped by newegg to Australia in September last year . Rather than dealing with return which is painful long process from Australia I bent them back with a razor.
they didnt reach out to me. still got a HUGE amount of people im willing to bet that will never get their money back
You've forced their hand into changing or dying. Seasoned enthusiasts will have their own anecdotes but no voice, just voting with their dollars. This can lead a company into a death spin, if they aren't listening. A sudden maelstrom of poor customer service being shown in the cold light of day may be the right medicine for senior management to take. Hopefully this is the kick in the arse they need before permanent damage is done.   I do hope they return to the European, specifically Irish market in the future. Brexjt has us trying to buy from Germany, Netherlands, France & Spain, and many haven't adapted or don't need/want to because we're such a small market.
Thanks GN team, appreciate your work
I wonder if the NewEgg "PR team" that end up showing up at the meeting are actually a team of lawyers... Good luck man. Thank you for what you do.
I wonder how they're going to explain that "bait and switch" for the UFD charity sponsor... As much as having amazon as a monopoly is a bad thing,  I had to RMA a couple of stuff in the past and from what I've been seeing, amazon really has their game on when it comes to returns, in my case all it took was a 10-20m chat with a employee and the issue was solved. It will be hard for Newegg to compete when they sabotage themselves like this.
Headline: Newegg meets Goodegg!   Thanks for having our backs Steve!
They can send you a box (probably "open") full of 3090ti's and it won't be enough to make ever trust them again.
I'm honestly not interested in what the have to say to fix their PR problem, it's the fact that they blatenly scammed people. These are corporate decisions, they are only sorry they got caught, not that they did customers wrong. #NeverNewEggAgain.
Newegg is gonna BS their way out of this one.
"small number of customers" yeah right. They been doing this for a long time and they knew it, because these "small numbers" of customers kept trying to get things resolved only to be denied. Lets see if now that they got caught, they are going to make right by all of these mistakes. And I for one, will never shop here. I just dont trust them anymore
bhphoto is also a great spot to go for electronics if you don't want to order from micro center.
him saying new egg should be around to avoid monopoly... I'm looking at you Canadian telecom..... (I hope amazon doesn't buy new egg lol)
Steve looking extra glorious in the golden hour sunlight. Nice camera work everyone!
I hate it when they try to minimize it, just admit you made a mistake. Stop using words like "small number" even if it is comparatively a small number.
wow
This meeting may possibly be the most anticipated video of the decade. There are other companies also that better be watching and take notes.
Anyone who believes Newegg will significantly change anything are incredibly naive.
A suggestion for Newegg: "Hello, so happy to meet you, despite the circumstances. We deeply apologize to you, and other members of the tech community, under and out of the spotlight, who have missed out as a result of our missteps as of late. We are enacting XXX (not giving you everything for free. figure it out.) resolutions in order to avoid further similar situations, and have updated our routine training protocols to reflect these changes. Company wide policies are being put in place as well regarding ethics and integrity, and quality assessment of incoming and outgoing products in all categories. Prices may change regarding shipping charges to compensate for some of these changes, and to help finance higher quality of service in the future." (A fair accommodation in my mind. If I'm buying a $100+ piece of hardware, a $5 shipping charge for a guarantee of a good product is a bargain, especially considering amazon as a competitor.)
We don't deserve you, Steve.
Ask if they would like to allow you to do a follow-up tour of their RMA process and Warehouse.  It would be a great opportunity for them to show that everything being discussed is being implemented and that they truly do care about the consumer.
Director of PR. …. Spin doctors coming soon. Be good to get someone not a spin doctor to talk.
WHERE!!!?
Really looking forward to seeing what Newegg has to say for themselves. I am still going to be highly skeptical of anything Newegg's PR rep says in response to the questions being asked and I still will likely avoid them for the foreseeable future. But we will see what happens
Hope you enjoyed the weather while you were out in SoCal!
I hope you have a contact list of info of people who also had this experience. you can take their "yes we contacted people" and raise them "well why didn't you contact this person? let me call them up". Also, nail them to the wall on a time frame and an eaches count of the "affected" - if they can't with either, they're making things up to cover their butts.
WHAT A LEGEND !!
Just buy from micro center online.  They sell online to anyone.
Steve for president 🚩
Steve and Newegg need to go on the Joe Rogan podcast!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for making the industry better for all of us. hope to one day use newegg again, but that time is not yet. they got some explaining to do.
Scouting geese...classic Newegg move
amogus
I love the way that Steve has handled this, he came at it aggressive but still professionally and he's not making any huge accusations without giving Newegg a chance to respond and defend themselves i hope that this gets resolved in a good way. If Newegg responds in a good way I would be happy to continue shopping with them as long as they can keep a promise to be better with their rma process
all i hear is oh we fucked up really bad and got caught. Something tells me that was another automated email response.
GJ GN, you guy's been making headlines everywhere, calling out the bad practices in the recent years, and have them correct their mistakes.  Props to you and your team for this dedication that no one else is able to do.
FEDEX truck driveby as you're selling the merch. Coincidence? I think not.
Can't wait for the update since Newegg has been my go to. Mentioned before. This world needs more honesty. Blunt. To the point. Honesty. I love you folks for doing this. Going out of your way and dropping plans for the consumer like me. Much love, GN. Much love. ♥️
Good on you, I hope they take this seriously
The hair is so much more majestic in this beautiful sunset!
Loving what you guys do! For the last two years, I’ve purposely gone out of my way, to wait for products on NewEgg to become available on Amazon to buy from them. This was not out of spite, but given the alarming amount of bad reviews and experiences reported on NewEgg, I’ve actually resorted to even paying Amazon more for the same products offered on NewEgg. Amazon has been more than exceptional and I’ve infact had many disappointing products received from ordering on Amazon, but their customer service has ALWAYS come through. Their returns process is so amazing and responsive it’s honestly become my go to for all purchases almost LOL. I’ve never gone out of my way this much to purchase from a company before. I sincerely hope that NewEgg can use this opportunity to learn from their mistakes because NewEgg was THE company that made me into a PC Gaming nerd for life. I was just so disappointed when their quality declined. I’ve never had a negative experience with NewEgg but I do my research when I order, everything has an assumed risk to it. But having to ship things back and pay a fee for it for something that may have been the companies fault is a huge deterrent for me. I do understand the unfortunate side of a company/business having to eat the costs too BUT at this point, Amazon is just a no brainer to me…atleast until the bad eggs(customers who abuse it) ruin it for the rest of us.  I wish we had someone or channel that does the same thing as GN, but for nurses and the healthcare system.
This is fuckin awesome. The drama. The intrigue. What will happen next? I love it.
Newegg is more expensive than Amazon, which is why I don't shop them.
This is why I like that Europe has so many smaller computer parts sellers that I have been shopping at for over 25 years now. I would hate for Amazon to eat up all of them like in USA.
Steps to change: - remove thirdparty sellers outside of the buyer's country - have support from the country of the customer - publicly available inspection footage up to closing the box with ID stickers (can be deleted after the customer confirms good reception). - get a new owner from another country (above points won't probably happen before that)
Anyone else surprised that Steve isn’t a vampire and didn’t burst into flames while going outside?
Newegg has *a lot* of work to do before this situation becomes a positive one, imho. That said, I'm very glad GN is taking the story so seriously and giving Newegg a chance to at least say something after what they've done. I really hope what they say is of substance and not more useless, baseless corporate speak.
PR might know how to respond, but it's the OPS guys who know what's going on. I wish you could talk to them unfiltered after any "changes" are made.
*It has come to our attention that in a very small number of cases*
Does everyone have their "Prepared PR Dept. Responses" bingo card ready for the interview?
"Small amount..."  (head tilts like Lt. Commander Data's)
I don't know if Steve will see this, but every time GN puts in this kind of work for the benefit of the consumers in the PC gaming space I always make sure to buy some merch and support the war effort. This time I bought one of the GN desk mats. This is the kind of journalism and integrity that I appreciate from Steve and the rest of the GN staff. You're doing great work.
Hmm. Am I the only one that finds it weird that in the end they're just going right back to suckling the tit of the "insert corporate machine" after a short bashing about something a lot of people have been complaining about to be somewhat relatable in a certain tragedy? This just seems too familiar. Like MSI supposedly scalping their own GPU's (or what ever they did) then a month or two after claiming to never wanting to deal with them again BAM! they're promoting some MSI sponsor like nothing ever happened. Meh maybe I'm connecting unrelated dots, maybe MSI did something I missed to completely prove their innocents, or maybe the buzz about said corporate machine has grown large enough to head back the other direction and have the majority of people that are unaffected so far from Neweggs crummy return and used part's practice to forget why newegg has been blasted up their ass in a perpetual marketing campaign for the last week or so and go back to buying from them. Don't worry people their not going to go right back to scamming people with "unintentional processing errors", everything is fine, nothing to see here, oh no we didn't receive a huge check from newegg marketing and you won't be seeing newegg sponsored videos all year... I'm sure this had no impact on people that have been burnt by newegg and promise to never buy from them again, to believe this was all fixed by GN so now they can go back to shopping at newegg... RIght? Right? Well like the say there's no such thing as negative press.
Nothing but a PR cleanup due to exposure. This makes no difference to average consumer without a platform. Speaking from experience here. This behavior is engrained in the culture there and unless you get rid of toxic leaders (top/down), nothing changes. They'll pay close attention to any influencer, throw out bunch of goodies at people, pay for some good PR and same ol bs will continue.
The excellent content aside - it looks weird to see you outside! :-D
#birdsarentreal
Steve, you're too nice and polite and caring for your community.  Based on what you shared so far in the previous videos on this issue, this sounds like a straightforward court case with NewEgg losing big time.   There is a very low probability that this was a huge level of incompetence (selling a motherboard, getting it back, sending it for RMA to Gigabyte, refusing to pay $100 repair cost, relisting it as "Open Box"). There is a high probability that this was out of greed and malice (easy to blame the buyer for damage, refuse warranty, and cash in $$$).
"A very small number of customers"?  I thought China bought Newegg, not Apple.
That statement shows they either don't understand the issue or are intentionally side-stepping it. The problem was never that an open box product was damaged. Yes, that's bad to deliver a damaged product, however, the main issue started when GN tried to return a product they bought without even opening the shipping package. They were denied an RMA because Newegg effectively accused them of lying about damaging the product themselves. It's not satisfactory service to assume all of your customers are liars. This statement mentions nothing about that other than maybe the last sentence or two.
I'm so glad Newegg isn't in my country. It's already one massive scamfest as it is.
Thank you so much for doing this GN. It IS important to have more players (and more honest players) in the PC parts supplier space. Hopefully Newegg takes this issue seriously, and honestly, it's gonna be hard for them to f this up. This is a MASSIVE opportunity for them. I hope the meeting goes well!
I'm just grateful I never bought used stuff off them. All the new stuff was working as expected but I still question what my future endeavors will be in upgrading my computers in the future. They offer good black friday deals but I am still scared of what is happening if shipment damage happened.
Hey cool, you were just a few miles from me during this trip. I used to pick up NewEgg orders by just driving to their warehouse. But they stopped allowing that when they got bought by that Chinese company.
As long as newegg is owned by a chinese company, they are going to do shady/shitty business.
newegg just trying to fix their PR nightmare, everyone is exposing them literally everybody
What an ironic sponsor... lol!
Good on you reaching out this way "on behalf of customers" Not a giant GN fan but over the years it's clear how impactful you are to not the industry, but customers. Never change bud.
"Quiet on set!  It's a scouting mission."  Bwa ha ha!  For Newegg, that was fowl.  Great sense of humor!
The absolute clankers on the GN team continue to astound me. Bravo, Steve! It might be time to upgrade the office ergonomics to accommodate those uhhh assets.
I want to see Steve get roast where the guest are just reps from companys that he shit on for the last couple years. From partnets blacklisting to companys donig recalls..id be a funny roast
Gamers Nexus's green screen is on point
Awesome, I'm glad you're doing this, it really grinds my gears to a whole new level when someone accuses me of being dishonest when there's no chance I would have done that.  That being said....  Why does everything today have to be done on camera, specifically the interview? Go in there with an audio recorder, save a copy for both parties, and comment on what was said.   That way you both have a transcript of it and there won't be any false accusations.   If Newegg agrees to the video, then fine… but I  just don't get why everybody has to be on camera these days unless they want to..
keep up with the good work
Totally unrelated comment. Where do I get a sweet Gamers Nexus Hoodie like that?
New egg vs THE people represented by NEXUS .  Can't wait for round 2.   In all seriousness I wanna say I think it's awesome how professional and patient you have been with this situation.
I'm starting to feel like Newegg is that sketchy uncle who had a drug problem but was great when sober and we're all catching up to the signs that sober uncle isn't so sober
Pr director will have zero answers on logistics. I hope I'm wrong.
SavageGeese send their regards
I appreciate what you are doing trying to help them be better. Having competition is important. They burned me once so I don't think I can justify using them again or recommending them to anyone in the future. B&Hphoto and Amazon are my current favorites. I do hope they improve though.
What happened to Newegg’s product reviews . In the past they were useful ,now nonexistent.
Newegg tried ripping my son off for over $3000 after he ordered all the parts to build his pc. He instead received a very light box containing an inflatable physical rehab ball, New egg had him send it back and then said they didn't send that and closed out claim. My son got his money back by going to bank and filing fraud charge
Yeah worked for Newegg for about 3 years right as Paul was leaving.  There was highly questionable stuff happening there in all departments.  I could share some good stories with you for days.
Quiet on set! 4:40 Geese causing problems on purpose as usual
Where's the hot tub, champagne, and party people in your hotel room?
Birds aren't real. Those were indeed newegg spy drones.
Lets send out someone in PR? Lol.  Just send out a mouthpiece who tries to fob people off and put a positive spin on things lol!  I stick to my principles and don’t forgive and forget.  By the sounds of it,, NewEgg has screwed over lots of customers, over a long period of time.  Will they all get reimbursed not only for their time, but also the stress caused by loss of money? Probably not.  It’s a shame nobody has gone down the legal route against NewEgg.  I respect what you are doing, but, for me personally, you don’t get a second chance.  I don’t care if NewEgg go bust as a result of this terrible customer service, and fraudulently ripping customers off. There is no ‘Get out of Jail’ card for me.
seems like this could be miscommunication between MSI and Newegg or a simple data entry mistake. It seems to me that it came in as unrepaired by the vendor but marked as repaired internally. Their procedure must be to not inspect boards returned from the vendors. It was then marked as an open box without an inspection. The proof is the MSI inspection sticker is left on the board. Why inspect a board leaving a sticker even if the goal was to resell a damaged motherboard? You wouldn't. You would take the sticker off. Then again, the RMA team inspected this board on Steve's return and likely saw the sticker. What the hell happened there? Why did they not immediately realize they shipped out a board to a customer that was returned by the vendor faulty? They should have refunded Steve the second they discovered the sticker and verified the RMA path the board previously took. So, poor training in the RMA department? Poor interdepartmental communication for things like special cases?  So a data entry mistake. There is an easy fix. Require all vendor repairs to be checked in-house through the same customer RMA process before sending to inventory. Verify the repair was done, done correctly, and no other underline issues exist. For instance, the socket was repaired but traces in the board were also damaged and the board is still not functional. If this simple step of sending the product back through the RMA process was done, the RMA department opens that box and sees a damaged board. They divert it to eWaste. that is assuming there is a way for someone in the RMA department to escalate the vendor RMA sticker finding through proper channels.  On the flip side, through a big vendor like MSI, something like a socket repair should have a known fixed price based on the socket type. Why would Newegg not already know what the repair cost was going to be before they sent it? Did they know because they were willing to pay $100 to repair a $500 board and it is MSI's mistake for not repairing it? Maybe Newegg did request the repair but the PR to pay MSI for the repair fell through the cracks and MSI shipped an unrepaired board back?   I don't think we know everything. It will be interesting what MSI reveals in the meeting.
If newegg wants to actually show they care about customers then they will ditch the stupid newgg shuffle and the scalper prices on their gpus
This is the information age. It's absolutely a duel in the wild west.
Problem? They seemingly have become scumbag scammers. I won't ever trust them again, simple as that. There are plenty of other places to get equipment after all. Once trust is lost it tends to be impossible to truly get back.
You guys are awesome for doing this. Hold those bastards accountable!
PR Bingo: Isolated Incident, Small Number, Error in our process , We will do better, Sorry you feel that way,
Hahahaha....quiet on set!
How many of you now that Newegg is a chinese owned company   In 2016, Liaison Interactive (SZSE: 002280), a Chinese technology company, acquired a majority stake in Newegg in an investment deal.
4:42 Canada Geese, just like the Freedumb Trucker's convoy... honking and shitting on everything.😆
I hope newegg is serious because they used to be amazing. I've never had a problem with them, but did seem they were starting to function like most corporations lately, which is screw customer service and satisfaction. They were the cream of the crop at one time, hopefully they will learn and grow. Also, don't forget some people ship stuff back they purchased new but then broke it somehow, then blame the retailer. I call those people scum.
it took someone like GAMERS NEXUS to get anything done and that is sad
I really love that you guys are doing this! Voice for the voiceless! All the best to the GN team!
That statement by Newegg still shows they don't get it.  Newegg selling the known bad merchandise was only part of the problem, and I dare say, as this has all played out, only a small part.  It was the way customers were treated when they tried to go through the return process.  Either through negligence or malice, Newegg is flat out using falsehoods to put the blame back on the customer, and leaving the customer holding the bag...with a much lighter wallet.
PFFFFFFFFFFT. You literally got the standard, canned corporate bullshit email. You do understand that was a "fuck you" letter, right?
Newegg will never return to the way they were when you were a kid.  They are owned by some Chinese company now
If it was a normal customer and not a youtuber newegg wouldnt give 2 shits and people need to do something about it and i think linus should be there too
It's not a small or isolated case. A couple years ago, I bought an Asus Z390 Prime-A motherboard from Newegg along with an i5-9600k. I had post issues with it. Sent to Asus for RMA. They identified that there were bent pins on the cpu socket. This wasn't an open box order either. And have enough experience building PCs to know to be cautious when socketing a CPU. I wasn't able to repair the motherboard, and eventually bought another when I could afford it.
This is the kind of thing that creates change and has real impact. I appreciate how you are representing your company and us regular consumers in this. Absolutely top notch.
Imagine the board meeting where someone had to explain what a Tech Jesus is and why that's important.
Newegg screwed me when i was a broke student. Hard for me even an apology. They will forever be last choice on my list.
Crazy, good stuff guys.
Unfortunately their statement sounds like any canned response from a company. "Isolated incident" and "our customer is important to us. Well, they aren't isolated. They straight-up lied and threw canned responses. like EVERY company does. Them telling you whatever the hell it is that they want to tell you, does absolutely not one fucking thing for the average customers that they've screwed over in the past. An apology and promising they've changed their processes seems like all that they will offer. It's not enough.  Honestly my favorite part of the pervious videos were like, of course they're trying to contact me, I have viewers, but what about you guys? Thanks Steve, stick it to the man!
@4:35 is not an image we see often XD Steve outside the office / studio
Thank you.   Done with New Egg permanently
Holy fuck bro 👀🤣☠️ NewEgg is on blast this one is 26th on trending 📈📈📈📈 with the world watching if NewEgg is going to change!
The reality is, no matter what they say they have no idea how much of an error it was/has been. Since their policy has always been to assume the customer is lying, they have marked all previous instances of them screwing up as customer at fault. This includes the time they screwed up MY open box item in 2013, 9 years ago! This is not an isolated incident, and it has not been only recently happening. I am looking forward to it being fixed so that I can resume shopping there, but I refuse to resume shopping there until they actually fix the root issue of not caring about the customer.
Thanks!
Why the heck doesn't microcenter sell online ???
Thanks GN team for your consistent, honest and unbiased reporting!
Steve............ are you still alive?
#26 Trending on all of YouTube 11 hours after posting this video... Yeah, just a "very small amount of customers" were affected. Great job, bro!
This is pointless,and it will achieve nothing,Newegg need to be sued for what it did to customers,talking wont do much,they just wanna save their face by doing this,and its the only reason they wanna meet.
They sell more than just "motherboards and CPUs". What about the other stuff they sell? They are not going to change. You just have to be lucky
9:48 A duel in the Wild West? Seems more to me a Jojo vs Dio moment with GN approaching Newegg
You guys constantly prove yourselves invaluable to this community. Thanks, to you all, for all you do for us behind the scenes, and in the spotlight.
So who is loading the pistols for this duel at dawn?
I built my first PC with parts I was able to buy all at once, all from newegg back in 2011. It was an i5-2500k with a Radeon 6950 and 128GB SSD. Over the years I spent a few thousand more with them, over the years my experience gradually went down hill.  Most recently in 2021 I bought a Mobo, CPU and monitor from them. The CPU was defective, after a week troubleshooting it, I had to buy a newer and different one for $70 more at a local shop in a time crunch, Newegg refused to refund it, it was 'replace only', after arguing back and forth and eventually winning because I used a Canada Post Flex address, they agreed to giftcard me.  The Monitor was also DOA, I stupidly threw out the box after opening it before confirming it powered on. Newegg refused to RMA it without the box, and get this, they also refused to let me buy another one, and then ship this one back in that box! Because the box is unique to the serial number. My only option was to go to the manufacturer where I had to pay $110 to ship it.  I haven't bought anything from them since, and won't ever again. I emailed a complaint to their customer support and got ZERO response. They were completely unwilling to even make the slightest compromise or help out a customer in any way other than just "too fucking bad, deal with it, we already have your money".
Also glad to see that Jay, Paul, and the West Coast Shiller himself also backed you on this. While I'm sure you disagree on processes, methods, and opinions, this is one is pretty clear
What’s up steffani, holllaaaaa
I did not expect to hear "QUIET ON SET!" from this avenue of industry, and the thespian in me laughed heartily.
Hey what about for regular returns they've sent broken stuff to people that was supposed to be new and then claimed they broke it. Which in like half of the cases just couldn't be possible. The person never touched the hardware. These stories are prolific right now on Reddit, like thousands of them so.... I don't buy their bullshit!
Hope Newegg realise that they can't fix the situation with a single video interview. Great stuff from Gamers Nexus on this issue!
So a week after Steve from Hardware Unboxed did an outdoor gaming episode,  GN decides to get in on the act and film outside too. Is there some concerted effort to get gamers out of their gaming dens? Well it worked -  I just into my garden to post this comment.
please help i am trying to find part 2/2 of the POWER MAC G5 (that was found in the woods i want to see the completion. thanks
I RMA'd a 9600 modem to NewEgg decades ago only for them to turn around and send the same one back as the replacement (still didn't work, imagine that).  I know because I had suspicions they'd done that before and so had placed a small dot from a Sharpie on the board to identify it.  Seems not much has changed.
ive been watching this play out as i have been a long time customer of newegg. i think it was 2003 or 2004 when i first started placing decent sized orders with them.  id always liked their customer service and usually prompt shipping. a few times id ordered early in the day and got next day shipping and they didnt ship for 2-3 days so the money was wasted and couldnt get a refund for the shipping. whatever. a few times i ordered something and it was broken or the wrong product and they would always replace it quickly and just tell me to keep the other item which was pretty cool. but i have heard more and more horror stories about them from friends and family getting done wrong in pretty big cases and im really starting to wonder if their gonna lose me as a customer too.
At 8:29 a small number of returns.... Yet, for every negative comment out there (which there are hundreds I'm sure) they probably represent 10 people each. So there must be thousands of bad experiences with Newegg!
Tech Jesus earned my subscribe with this series.  I wish there was more journalism like this.
All I have to say is . Don't forget to Sleep Steve.
Wow, I do not envy your position, that sounds super uncomfortable for all involved but thanks for doing right by us all. I also want an honest alternate to Amazon and am out of microcenter range...
so thats where all those damn geese went. must be nice, fly down to the states enjoy the warm weather.
Hmmmm. Interesting. Lets see where this goes huh? Thanks for the good work boys!
I am a system builder and have been for over 20 years. Desktops, servers, etc. In my experience this is very typical behavior for Newegg. They have done this to me and I’m sure others. Their RMA process has always been trash. I only order from them if I have to. Amazon and even Best Buy have treated me better the last few years. You just gained a new fan of this channel and I thank you for speaking up.
This is like the PC hardware version of a #MeToo movement.
Steve and the Boys about to bring down the hammer! As someone beholden to Newegg, I cannot thank you all enough for crushing this sort of media. Cheers :)
Love it man. Hold them accountable to their customers.
In all honesty this should not be happening in a company the size of new egg . It just sounds like they are on a downward spiral of sort's  to  try to Rip people off. What's really going on at New Egg?
How many companies start off with good intentions, with customer care and then later turn into that awful blatant we couldn't give a sh*t practice. EA, Bethesda, Nvidia, Blizzard the list goes on. Now it's New egg's turn. They will talk the talk but not walk the walk.
GameStop is starting to sell PC parts now :3
i used to by parts from them when they had egghead brick and mortar stores.  I have bought parts from them and have never had an issue with a product I've received.  I guess I should count myself lucky.  I have never had to return anything so I don't know if I would of had issues.  I hope they listen and don't just talk business speak.  Substance not quantity.  Thanks GN for being there for all of us.
Best journalism around, you guys never fail to impress.
live stream the interview!!
Newegg lost me as a customer because of this. Nothing they say will make me trust them. If it wasn't you with a large following they would of stole your $500 and not sent you back the board... Unacceptable!
I’m really hoping Newegg makes the smart choice and goes through the process of making needed changes. Trying to save face and underplaying the situation would probably hurt Newegg pretty bad.
people are getting fiiiiiiiirrrreeed 👀
The amount of effort yall put in on behalf of the consumer is incredible
Newegg:  Now implement customer satisfaction surveys, so we don't have to rely on hi-visibility YouTubers to hold you accountable.  You failed horribly at holding yourselves accountable, and it will happen again if you don't fix accountability at its source.
I refused to buy stuff from Frys, solely because of its policy of slapping returns back on the shelves to be sold again.  I don't have time to build a computer and learn junk was at its heart.  If I'm paying for a new device, I don't want to deal with a returned one.  Giving me a used rig when I bought a new one is fraud, plain and simple.    If you want to sell returns, fine -- say it's returned.  Otherwise I expect new.  And I expect it to work correctly, since that's what I'm paying out the fanny for.  If you, NEWEGG, continue to sell used junk and say its new, I'll shop elsewhere.
I miss Fry's Electronics now more than ever.
Those were Canada Computer Gooses.
I really hope you guys have really good data to shut down any vague responses.  This is a great concept, and I love the idea of you guys expanding to investigative journalism.
NEWEGG-GATE!
Time to fix the companies "Gamefixer".
Go get 'em Steve! I miss the Newegg of old where I could confidently buy parts from them and not have to worry about bad packaging, bad customer service, etc.. Amazon needs a real competitor so we, the consumers, can have a real win!
BS, you only doing this because you are big on youtube and making a video you get your way, us people are not so lucky, i been screwed over by newegg, asus rma, gigabyte rma, msi rma and what can i do nothing. newegg just helping because you made a video, if there was no video then there would still be people out of luck and money with newegg returns thats all i can say, this will happen again with people and if no youtuber makes a video about it then newegg will juts ignore it
Can we just start calling out ANY company when they state that "customer satisfaction is their number one priority", like, *at least* when publicly traded, that is literally by definition false; their number one priority is profit for their shareholders, at any cost, and in some instances MAYBE that aligns with customer satisfaction, but that is never a guarantee and is always a one-way relationship, it is never "the number one goal"
I suppose this means the CFO's, 3rd wife's, BFF's, shiftless husband no longer supervises RMA's.  That's nice.  I would decline offers to meet them in any area adjoining motels of 6 stories or more.
You have BestBuy for computer hardware!
The CEO needs to sit in on this too. They run that ship they need to be there to answer for why it's sinking on their watch.
Anyone else notice how Newegg tried to downplay the issue by using phrases like "very small" and "isolated incidents".  Its like they don't want to own their mistake.
are you positive Newegg didn't sponsor this response video? i mean. c'mon.. i see "be quiet" written all over it...
I was skeptically hopeful of them making something good... but then they wrote about "very small number" of returns. Now I know they're scumming pieces of cr*p because the company that wants to change won't write such a thing even when they've been caught
Still wont buy from Newegg again plain and simple
Bought my first PC from NewEgg via web site printouts from my school library, and calling them up with my dad. I was sad to hear they've been picking up poor business practices.
What about past order they fcked up customers on? Wrong parts delivered, missing parts etc
The whole fact that they have the director of PR meeting you and not the CEO, speaks volumes. They are trying to diminish the PR nightmare, and make sure no one sticks their foot in their mouth because they are at fault.
I remember what happened to TigerDirect...  Newegg should be out to better itself, not follow TD into the void of obscurity.
Fantastic to hear this update, been waiting to see more develop on this. I'm shocked that they're actually going forward with the meeting, can't wait to see how this goes
Thank you so much for exposing them! I got scammed by new egg for $1500 I was lucky that the credit card company refund me.
Ducks came from new eggs 🤣🤣😎
Birds aren't real.  Steve gets it, lmao.
Makes for easy viewing content if anything. I'm at the edge of my seat!
I hope Newegg can listen and learn from the mistakes they have made.
Wow... that bum motherboard may have inadvertently been the best thing to happen to your channel (and by extension, those of us in the gaming community).  Silver linings and such!  Keep up the good reporting.
The entire PC DIY community owes you a thanks for taking this step forward to encourage Newegg to provide excellent customer service to everyone.  Can’t name another media outlet that has put themselves out there on behalf of everyone.  Well done and hope the Newegg conference goes well!
Newegg needs to get suid, that will for sure get rid of their bad apples and force them to either change, or go out of business
@4:37 BAHAHAHAHA
I don't want to shop through Newegg anymore.  Where else can we go other than Amazon?  Micro Center is too far away for most of us.
Steve, I was thinking about what you said about the meeting with Newegg reaching YOUR audience. It's definitely going to reach way more than just Gamer's Nexus' audience. Since your story broke, I've seen so many websites that have written articles about it. This is going to reach so many more in the US and Canada seeing as Newegg sells back home too. And then there is Brett's story on UFD Tech that adds to the audience that will hear about what Newegg ultimately puts into place to make things right.
Watched all this only for a "wait till the next video"?  Screw this...
Maybe I'm jaded, cynical and disillusioned, but I doubt Newegg will follow through and do what's right.  Rather, they'll make a half-hearted excuse (a-la Gigabyte) and somehow make everyone else look like the bad guy.
Great Job Gamer Nexus 👏 improving companies.
Cutting your hair would make your posture better. Plus, it doesn't look good on you. It would if you had a pretty face
About 3 or 4 years ago I ordered ink jet ink from Newegg. Their supplier sent a laser toner cartage. I contacted Newegg and their supplier again sent a toner cartage. Their supplier wanted me to return the cartages at my expense. As the part number was the correct part number for my printer and the photograph on the webpage showed the correct part. I don't know or care why the supplier kept sending the wrong part. Newegg's customer support stated that they were having problems with this vender and that they were not going to do anything for me. So I had to go through Visa's process to get credit on my card. It was relative easy as I showed the photos of the webpage, part numbers and what I received. I won the challenge and was refunded. Newegg suspended by account. I called them about it and they said that I didn't give the vender a chance to correct the problem. As far as I am concerned Newegg can go out of business.
No bull shit I love it GN
Hopefully newegg will improve, yes there's amazon, but B&H also sells computer hardware, I was able to find in stock rx6700 from them 8 months ago, EVGA only crickets  on my waiting list.
Good! Don't only have 1 to control the business.  Let's hope we get a 2nd Google soon. Else the internet will be just 90% spam.
Remember Steve: be like Han. Shoot first. <3
Like to think the conversation at NewEgg went something like: PR junior: Hey boss, we have an issue here you need to see. Boss: TL:DR? PR: YouTuber Gamers Nexus is saying we scammed him (and a bunch of other customers). B: just pay them off and move on. PR: ah boss, it's a bit more serious than that. B: why?, it's just a YouTuber. PR: they call him Tech Jesus, his main following is either our customers, or the people that our customers ask for IT support. He's brought absolute nightmares on MSI, thermaltake, gigabyte and NZXT amongst others. B: So!?! PR: you know all those pallets of Gigabyte PSU's that for some reason stopped selling near instantly? B: yer... PR: that could be our whole warehouse...
When you was a kid...been doing it a while...Geez, I remember building PCs ordering out of Computer Shopper and Tiger Direct. Bah, NewEgg is just another fancy pants place. Don't talk old school with actual old timers. :P
I guess they're trying to patch some of the damage, but without actually Improving anything that damage isn't ever going to buff out, bundling those crappy PSU's nobody wanted with those GPU's PLUS adding their cost and NOT giving you a choice for it was such a dick move I doubt they're going to be very honest here.
What happened to the days when  the heads of a super large multi facet company said. Holly cows this stuff is happening in my sales department,  let's get this fixed. EVGA did it.,
Steve, you and GN are awesome. Thank you for being a genuine, honest person in this world that has VERY little of both. I'm sure I can speak for most when I say that we really appreciate you and your crew.
Just capitalism at work... make sure you buy a share of GME to help fight the insanity.
Proof that geese are agents of chaos.
This is amazing am i am happy to hear there is some heat on newegg it been years since there customer service was horrible to me and they lost my support and now to see GN putting some heat on bad business that has been going on for years make me smile and gain tons of Respect for GN for taking on tech Giants and calling them out on there bad bad practices. Depending on Newegg responses and others Customer responses i hope Newegg can fix there Customer support issue and maybe gain some support back, but that all matters on how they respond in my opinion and what actions they will say that are going to take and not BS around like alot of BIG BUSINESS do. GN this is what youtube is about and great work getting this story out and the traction it has gained!!
Fabulous hair
Good video keep good working buddy
Senior manager in a Fortune 500 company checking in. It’s a reallllllllly bad sign in my opinion that you are meeting with the director or public relations and not a director/VP of customer support or operations.  Director of public relations= means they wanna fix internet presence and spin things  Director of customer service/operations = would be Newegg actually wanting to make a change  Just my opinion
on the second video someone commented "they're not sorry, they're only sorry that they got caught." They will say whatever they need to on camera or twitter but not change anything
FNE
Good to be reaping from your hard-earned success, Steve! I've been an on/off customer of NewEgg since they were still called "egghead," and would also hate for Amazon to steamroll this industry too. NewEgg has a rare opportunity here to not only address the consternation, but do something about it while everyone's watching. I certainly will be watching. 🧐👍️
Thank you for holding these big retailers to account. It's so uplifting to see a PC hardware channel actually trying to make the industry better, and not just fawn over shiny new products 🙏💙
Awesome update Steve. I think that affording them the chance to meet is a great start. I for one truly hope that Newegg gets their stuff together, I would love to buy from them again but will not until they go back to what they used to be, or even somewhat close.
It's stuff like this that makes me very proud to be counted among Gamers Nexus audience.
One plausible explanation for all this is that there is a group within Newegg which is siphoning money out for themselves by these practices, screwing both the company and customers, unknown to upper management.  The communications from Newegg sound very much like this is not true, however, and this is corporate policy, not rogue criminal gangs.
I for one am very glad to see that Steve is a firm believer that birds are, in fact, not real.
I don't know if its fixable the last 4 years have seen 3 bad vegas 17 bad ram sticks 7 janky motherboards 6 bad SSDs  2 bad radiators 5 bad pumps 4 cans of bad coolant that ate through plastic. 2 bad 6900 xts  and that was just the crap they pulled with me. they only took care of half of that and the manufacturers had to do half of the remaining crap. the rest was just e waste half of which I had to scrap or make the most of. none of this was "open box". newegg has problems but amazon is worse in some ways like pricing and ecological damage with shredding unsold stock. the crap you are going through seems shadier and worse because at least they gave us less argument. most of my problems can be easily chalked up to bad design or in the majority of cases bad handling and QC issues. newegg needs new management. preferably by someone who gives a damn about customers.
Tell Newegg to create a GPU queue like Valve did with Steam Deck.
Even if they don't come out to meet, doing a report on how trash newegg is, literally in front of the corporate office, is such a power move.
I laughed way too hard at him yelling "quiet on set"
1. Have then prove they have reached to someone. I want to hear it from a viewer. 2. Bring up those shit interactions with those CSRs. I wanted to toss my phone on your prev vid when the original phone call CSR wouldn't give you any eta for a cb/follow up.
This makes me love this channel even more ❤️.  This is what we need hold companies accountable make them change for the better thanks steve.
Newegg realized that this PR disaster can only be remedied by direct discourse with big influencers.
As a fellow North Carolinian recuperating (bodily and financially) from a weekend flight up to Wisconsin and back, I can say I respect y'all adding another leg of your trip.   I'm praying Newegg will indeed rise up and fix this. Thanks, Steve. Back to you, Steve.
I've had horible experiences at newegg, but it's been so long since I purchased anything from them. When I used to use them, I would received opened box items that were advertise as new. There return process was also not that great and I belive they charge a 15% restocking fee. I just took my lost and looked elsewhere. I only use their site to shop for products I want to use due to their web interface. I go to amazon and best buys for all my purchases!
Don’t buy anything from Newegg through eBay. A few years back I purchased a new iPad from them via their eBay store, guess what I received? Exactly, a refurbished one instead of new.
Don't worry guys, this only effected a small minority of people. New egg is sorry.... Translation, they are sorry they got caught and they are looking for ways to smooth things over so they can make new scams
My last purchase from New Egg was 6/2010.  I had seen changes back then and Moved On to other buying sources as I will not waste my time or $$'s.  It's a PR spin .... you get what I mean.  NewEgg reminds me of a 42nd St (NY) city store that does not care "after" the purchase.  Thanks, and let's keep this Company in our radar.
I am afraid the old Newegg has to go, so that a new Newegg could be born.
You're doing the lord's work, Steve. Hopefully the PR guy gives it to you straight without beating around the bush. I really do hope Newegg sees this as an opportunity to change their ways and start along a path of better customer service. I really would hate to have to commute over an hour to my nearest Microcenter every time I need PC components, and honestly I'm lucky that I have one so close. Really, I wouldn't mind hopping on a trustworthy website to get something shipped straight to my house, but they have to make some strides if I am to feel comfortable using their services again. Good luck out there in the strange lands of SoCal, travel safe, drink water, and get lots of sleep.
One of the most egregious newegg stories i got (as there are many)I got a recert asus Mobo from newegg that came with Cheetos smashed into the CPU socket,  Newegg refused to refund me for the DOA cheesed out mobo,  but luckily i reached out to ASUS and they gave me a manufacturer warranty even though it was a open box referb because of the horrible newegg experience,  long storry short ASUS = Awesome,  Newegg = gambling, as they do things like this a lot and its a gamble, because i have just as many good outcomes from newegg as bad ones i say its about a 50/50 success rate buying from newegg referbs
Keep at em!
I gave up Newegg years ago. They have done too many shady things to be a reputable company to patronize.
Newegg has become increasingly slimy over the past few years.  I would give much though to it before ordering from them at this time.
“We are happy that you’re coming over” OMFG 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Sounds more to me they knew, plotted and planned to sell defective products, look at how much opportunity to get 2x - 3x the amount vs 40 - 60 % of them or 0%
Same thing that happened to Boeing. You had incompetent executives with "business" backgrounds and no knowledge of their industry come in and run the company into the ground. In Boeing's case also several hundred people from very high up...
I wonder how many lawyers are watching this waiting for class action territory.
There are alternatives to Newegg and Amazon. I've been buying a fair amount of computer components from B&H Photo and Video. While B&H primary customers are photographers and videographers they have a good selection of computer components. B&H also has the huge advantage of being a small company and American owned. Tiger Direct is still around too, although not what it once was.
They need to make it right, they are nothing without the consumers
Suuurre, sounds like a corporate PR spin to me. I will expect a "small" number of changes on Newegg's part.
LMFAO those birds 🤣🤣🤣
@GamerNexus Micro Center has an online store, bruh
this is awesome!. but newegg lost my business years ago, when i bought an open box motherboard, i bench tested it the same day i received it, it was a no post, after hours of testing. i did an RMA on it. i got an email about a week later saying it was customers fault, (do to water damage)  and they would not except the return, and i would need to pay for return shipping. PS, i never had it hooked to any water sources.  i called them, and the tech told me.... what do you think?. we put water on it. and hung up the phone. i do around 300+ computer repairs, and or complete builds a year, and spend hundreds, if not thousands of dollars a year on pc parts. they will never get my business again/! F-THEM BASTARDS!
Way to keep it positive, guys.  GN always productively focused.
I doubt that #OldRottenEgg would change their procedures just for the "small number" of affected customers. And who are they calling "small number", there are possibly hundreds of us out there. The only way for them to change is to uproot those people who dropped the ball on customer satisfaction, including those seating at the corporate chair.
You're going to get a LOT of PR bullshit when you meet them. Remember you're not part of their advertizing arm. If it's bullshiat you absolutely can still keep calling it bullshit. You have no obligation to report more of their lies.
Luckily we know that Steve is used to these environments, because guys, prepare yourself to a shower of corporate bullshit. I’ve worked in that kind of environment as well and I can smell it through the screen.
I just got in 2 Razer mice from BestBuy online for less than half of what Newegg wanted !
My Newegg account of 15+ years just got hacked (at least thats the best guess I have) and they say i'll hear something in 2 days, and my account may or may not be unlocked.  Unbelievable.
I just want to gouge my eyes out with this video
I would be very cautious. You won't be dealing with and entry level customer service rep that probably hates their job. You will be dealing with a corporate company person that is very experienced in manipulation and will be ready to pour honey down your ear and tell you what you want to hear. Do not expect TRUE transparency.
Damn Steve going after the stupid practices of a rather large company reminds me of David and Goliath but instead of a slingshot hes got a laser guided missle and newegg knows the laser is trained on em. Hope they get they're crap straight.
If you've got a problem with Canada gooses you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate.
I Miss Frys.  Back in the old days Frys, not the last year or 2 before they shut completely.
both the PR statement and the overall behaviour smells to me like Newegg deliberately runs a business model of short-staffing and no real training for it's staff, any fix it implements will amount to a memo saying "don't do this buddy" without addressing the underlying problems, ultimately somebody on the bottom will hurt for this and the company won't care beyond the bottom line
I got all my PC parts (except GPU) at best buy just in case I needed to return anything ... .. and they were The same price if not cheaper than Amazon or new egg....
I will never use Newegg again. I live close to a Micro Center. I will go there from now on. No Amazon either. It's just better to go to a local retailer. That way you can go in and yell at people in person. lol
Until this is resolved, I won't be purchasing anything from Newegg. MSI & Gigabyte are still on my do not buy list as well EA.
They started it with a poor business model and lack of care for their customers. NewEgg shot first. But it is good of you to take this to the next step and allow for an opportunity to move forward. Personally I won't buy anything from them for one year, and will only buy something after this one year depending on how things shake out going forward. If they really change, we will see good reviews and comments coming from consumers. I think giving them a year to do that is plenty of time to prove their actions are not a band aid solution. Looking forward to your results of the meeting.
This type of journalism is how Consumer Reports started. Now they just rub their favorite vendors.   Nice work GN Team.  Forgot to add. Pretty freaking awesome this got 400k views in 9 hours.
I don't always donate through Patreon, but when I do, it's to support quality journalism like Gamers Nexus.
My last experience with NE was a DOA new video card, I had to go back n forth via email for a fuckin month, that was just "processing time", takes a nanosecond when its the other way around... fuck them, there's other companies outside of Amazon (CDW for one) The only reason I ever started buying from them is cause Tiger Direct died. Newegg has proven their only goal is to be a Chinese scam market place where they take a cut no matter what happens, its probably 60% of their products
Issue I have is they already ripped so many people off, including myself. There is no honesty in business anymore, they just want profit at any cost.
I was looking to buy a computer this summer and decided against buying from Newegg because of the number of stories I read about similar experiences with open box. Glad this is finally becoming a story.
I used to order my pc parts from Tiger Direct, but they folded, too bad.
Cue Morricone music,    wee du wooo bum ba dummm
Thank You for not letting Newegg slide on this and standing up for all of us.
Would love to see if any of the people who emailed you before with similar issues, were actually contacted by Newegg to resolve questionable RMAs.
Huh, didn't know you were in NC Steve, almost wound up there due to GF's Job has a hub there and most of the team she was working with was there. She got a new job early Jan that is completely remote so it's still a possibility cause she can work from anywhere. :)
Did you guys hit micro center in Tustin?  Bar hopping with tubers?
The squeaky wheel gets the grease, as they say.
'With Head of PR.' ... uh huh, enough said.
I rather see more brick and mortar stores where you can go and touch, feel and see things... With this being said, Amazon is the best next thing, with overnight deliveries and no questions ask returns. Problem is, if you let all the others go down because amazon is better, then will be no competition and therefore no "checks" in place for amazon to be reasonable...  To that extent, I still buy things on eBay.  Here (south florida) the only other option is BestBuy... go figure... You can read beggin for #microcenter to open stores here.
small number my ass. they have done this for years
I think they'll kiss your behind and make all kinds of promises, but nothing will happen or change.
Better call Paul, and have him there too. Since he used to work for NewEgg RMA .....
If Newegg needs some QA/QC staff I'm available to move to SoCal
Thanks!
They're calling it a mix up now only to save face publicly. If it was just a mistake they would have taken that possibility into consideration the first time instead of dismissing you outright.
Was going to support you guys by buying a t-shirt, but there mostly sold out. Maybe you should have someone competent to keep ahead of your stocking issues, lol.
I wish Newegg was old Newegg, I want to shop there and I have been for 2 decades. I don't want to have to buy at Amazon because they have a better return policy. But they're gonna force my hand if they are ripping people off like that.
4:38 That was actually a CanadaPC force recon team.
Playing with his deck while on flight... Jelly.
They will fumble it. Like most companies they are more worried about profits. And most countries have solid consumer protections. So us customers will take the brunt.
I miss the days of the Tiger Direct catalogs. Loved thumbing through them every time I got one.
I just bought a new graphics card for about $100 over msrp.  I would have went with Newegg to avoid sales tax, but because of this debacle I went elsewhere.
Steffani Farmer? Oh yeah, the unmedicated ADD dog mom who does smart door bell review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivJcmc9dLkM   (7:44 Link it on Amazon cause ima buy that b*tch ya'll) LMAO. Judging by her LinkedIn, she doesn't stay much longer than a year at any job she had over the last 10 years+. Her current Newwegg job is most likely her longest job so far. Yeah ok so no disrespect to the gal, but 1st impression is, and this might sound blunt; she's just a face/soft voice/empathic acting character with little to no knowledge of the industry (aside from clothing/makeup shopping in general). I realize she isn't the one who's going to meet with Steve (Thank god) but regardless... but like many said here already, too little too late Newegg, them accepting to meet Steve is mostly a PR / Damage control move, whoever they send. @Gamers Nexus can't wait for this next vid (Side comment: Eric Wein has been with the company for a month and a half, literally. I hope whoever hired him didn't mess up, or they might be about to find out LMAO)
This whole situation hurts my heart, remembering just how fantastic Newegg used to be when I was a kid.  Literally blew up my first build in...2005? Maybe 2006. They let me return and resent me every internal component that was damaged.   I saw right away when they started the 'marketplace' crap like Amazon does that it hasn't been the same. Last few builds have been ordered from multiple stores.
Thank you Steve and Gamers Nexus.
You sold out. I wouldn't be surprised you start promoting the company in your videos
be quiet! is bold as hell for sponsoring a video that focuses on major issues in one of the biggest tech distributors. Good on them.
The only thing statements like that do for me is tell me that they think it's a smart move to downplay the seriousness by referring to it as "a small number of returns" and "a small number of customers". If you're serious about it then why do that? It shouldn't matter if it's 1 customer or 10k customers having this experience. Just say that you're aware of it affecting some customers! You'll get a lot more sympathetic ears / eyes than you do by trying to downplaying the size of the issue. In short, I've never bought from Newegg but that statement has guaranteed I never will regardless of the outcome.
Tell them to prove there going to change they need to donate a load of pre built pc to you to do some giveaways 😉
Lianlou Smart Limited which is based out of Beijing is most likely the owner of the company, it is no surprise that their quality in going down. I get the feeling they will pullout of the interview at the last minute on bases of health concerns or that they are busy with "whatever BS" they choose to make up.
Maybe you could pick up the $87 refund that they've owed me while you're there?  :)
The scam has been going on for decades. If you search reddit and other forums you'll see how well structured the modus operandi is. The same old same old RMA denied coz bent pins story. Defrauding customers is in their policy. Newegg making the policy better will only result to a more efficient more stealthy fraud.
Thanks for being the voice of many that have been abused by the system.
"IT'S A SCOUTING MISSION!"
TLDR awesome might be on the way or make awesome on the way great again.
Newegg's response gives me nausea. To them I have one question, how is it that Newegg has been completely unaware of this internal process failure?
Fuck YAH! Stick it to them tech JESUS! and fuck amazon 2! All hail tech jesus and microcenter!
last thing i bought from new egg was a motherboard and power supply , waited too long before testing them out , psu fried the motherboard immediately , and yay i was outside the return window, did rma for psu and got half my money back , total loss on the motherboard though
newegg is trash just like ebay
Bro, you’re blowing up! #24 on trending wahoo
I bought an open box motherboard a few years ago and it had damaged memory slots but I thought it was my fault... After everything that I have seen this far I wouldn't be surprised if I was a victim of this malicious practice
Newegg may have sinned, but tech jesus will always forgive.
Yes, we can ignore allllll the comments  that people have been making for   long time for this exact situation,  and after that we can accept whatever lie they been cooking to clear this , hard to accept  that they been doing this for so long and now many trying to sugarcoat this situation
PR talks = empty words Let's just wait and see if they really improve their service
I’ve never been more proud to be a GN store customer ✊
When will these companies stop using PR speak and just be upfront? We screwed up and let it happen for too long. Simple. How many times EVER in history has a PR spin like they released gone over well? I have no hope that things will actually change with Newegg and it's a shame.
+
Kudos x 1000 GN !
Oh, you just summoned the lesser gods of bamboozling.  Looking forward to all the bamboozling that they will throw.
This man is hero for fighting for all of us consumers
Cue "The Imperial March" music for the trip out there.
The Light of the Gospel 1Therefore, since God in His mercy has given us this ministry,a we do not lose heart. 2Instead, we have renounced secret and shameful ways. We do not practice deceit, nor do we distort the word of God. On the contrary, by open proclamation of the truth, we commend ourselves to every man’s conscience in the sight of God. 3And even if our gospel is veiled, it is veiled to those who are perishing.  4The god of this age has blinded the minds of unbelievers so they cannot see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God. 5For we do not proclaim ourselves, but Jesus Christ as Lord, and ourselves as your servants for Jesus’ sake. 6For God, who said, “Let light shine out of darkness,”b made His light shine in our hearts to give us the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.c
wow
We'll see. The verge is reporting today that because of you new egg is going to be doing no questions asked returns on CPUs and motherboards
I was almost ready to order the parts for my build when I saw your Youtube video, I will wait, my present computer is very old (12 years) but its still work. Thank you. Almost forgot, the video where you showed the sticker on the motherboard was impressive.
Steve thank you so much. I just received an email from Newegg saying they were giving me a full refund.
Watch this: A Youtuber who got screwed and then bribed to not go public with this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM
Any time I hear a company say "It was an isolated incident" I wonder why, if they have the ability to track and confirm this, why they were not able to track and prevent the issue in the first place? It's like they want their cake and eat it too. "Oh don't worry we've confirmed through our tracking system that only 5 shipments were affected, which were affected because of an oversight in our tracking system which wasn't tracking this issue."
Top leadership doesn't know or cares for middle and bottom layer actions as long as the figures are satisfying. In case of Newegg it is possible that their tech staff and their direct superiors have been cutting down on QA and letting things pass to be able to convey better figures to their leaders. If this is the case, then the leadership will track down responsible personnel and a lot of heads will roll. What GN has to make sure their message gets to those leaders and not only their middle men and sidekicks, because they will just sweep it under the rag.
I haven't bought anything from Newegg once the Chinese bought them, after spending thousands with them before. Their customer service went way downhill and prices went way up.   I have had excellent luck with Amazon Warehouse items, their open box service, and have gotten, among other things, a Galaxy S10+ and Tab S6 at large discounts with literally nothing wrong with them except a dented box.  Given a choice now I use B&H Photo, they're a small business with prices that match or beat competitors, though their computer component selection is more limited, and their store card gives sales tax back, which beats Amazon's 5% cash back by several percent.
I love you GN and always will!
As a gamer and an enthusiast builder, I want to sincerely thank GN for doing this. I understand you guys had to change your plans and this was quite the diversion for you, but this is honestly very important. Those of us that don't have access to Micro Center depend on retailers like Newegg to meet our needs and make what we do possible. If these retailers have no accountability, we all get screwed and GN is doing a great service here for those of us who in all honesty.. need your oversight. On another note, I won't pile on Newegg here, that's already been done and honestly, I am rooting for them. I hope they are open in the interview, I hope they commit to change and I hope they continue to succeed.. because that's good for me and those like me.  Thank you Steve and the entire GN staff for doing this, it's very important and it's greatly appreciated. We will all be anxiously waiting for the interview and hopefully, seeing positive change as a result. GN Rocks!
Pls test aliexpress fan! xD
Newegg is on Damage control mode now.
They are just being forced into doing damage control. If they actually cared these things wouldn't be occurring. It isn't like the evidence is anectdotal.
IT'S A SCOUTING PARTY!!
Newegg are shocking if you are based in the uk.. If the parcel doesnt arrive, they still take the money and say its not our fault  .... its the courier... So speak to the courier to sort out your refund.
He took a payout guys!! Lol
Neweggs CHICKENS, have come HOME... to ROOST!
If the manufacturers and distributors are an issue as to why they are strict on returns...the question shifts to why Amazon doesn't seem to have this problem with those same companies. People do receive stuff broken from Amazon, but they usually have no issue returning it. I can attest to this myself having received a broken refurb phone which I returned without issue. I get the feeling that if I had bought this phone from Newegg they would not have taken it back.  This is the problem that Newegg faces. I know people may abuse returns, my first job was with Walmart and people abused their returns all the time. But Walmart saw this as a cost of doing business, not a loss. Sam Walton himself would frequently joke about taking back broken items. There was a video with Walton joking about taking back a tennis racket that had been bashed, John McEnroe style. Give them a gift card, and they will go into the store, shop around, and probably buy a lot more stuff than just what the gift card had. That was the idea. There has to be a better way for Newegg to keep people happy and still make money.  Things may be more complicated today for online shopping, but again, that should be a cost of doing business. Amazon seems to have a grasp of this, and it is one of the reasons why Amazon is as huge as they are. They understand that if people are afraid to buy products because they may have trouble returning it, or returns are a hassle, people may not buy at all. Being sure I can return a product is one of the most important factors for me personally...that is why I bought my refurb phone from Amazon.  However, all of this could have been avoided if Newegg simply did its job in the first place and not allowed this defective board to go on sale. And it could have also been prevented if Newegg looked at this board's RMA history after GN returned it. So Newegg has managed to fail on 3 separate accounts.  1-Allowing this broken board to go on sale at all 2-Immediately blaming the customer for this damage 3-Failing to check the RMA history of this board, which proves the board was in fact damaged before it shipped to GN. The RMA sticker is on the board! Did they not even open the box???  Three different and very serious failures in a single transaction. I have to be honest here, I have a hard time believing this was NOT unintentional on some level. While I am sure Newegg has policies to keep this from happening, they obviously did not follow those policies. And I am positive that Newegg management has to be aware of these cases on some level, yet allows it to continue. How can Newegg management be so unaware of what is happening? This simply should not happen if somebody was doing their job at any point in time in the days before and after this sale happened. By playing willfully ignorant of these failings, I would argue that Newegg is indeed doing this intentionally.  So I do not see how this changes, even with this very high profile incident. This is systemic of their company, and would require a major overhaul. I can imagine that working their must be hard, and they probably have a skeleton crew of overworked staff trying to keep up with shipping all over the country. But that is not an excuse, in bad situations management should be on the floor trying to help when things get backed up, just like how managers at Walmart might run a cash register to help get lines down. So they need more staff, they need to fire management who allowed things to get to this state, and people need to be retrained. Nothing less is acceptable.
Are you going to stop by Jay's place?
“We deeply appreciate … being alerted about our errors” “… each customer’s satisfaction is our utmost priority”  Did they even watch the videos?
This is amazing.  Protecting us little guys and getting real change.  You guys are heroes to a lot of people.  Well 👍
You can polish a turd until it shines like gold, but its still a turd. GG Newegg, you polish real good.
Good video
WHO IN THE HELL (at the time of posting this) ARE THE "355!!!" PPL WHO ARE GIVING THIS VIDEO A "THUMBS DOWN"???  ARE THESE PPL CRAZY OR DID THEY JUST HIT THE THUMBS DOWN BUTTON BY MISTAKE???
#21 On trending
Director of Public Relations is clearly not who GN needs to meet with.  Hopefully Newegg is smart enough to have someone from Logistics and Intake or someone from Organizational Development or Change Management to attend the meeting.  If it's just the Director of PR, the meeting will be all for naught.  IMHO of course.
They have been doing this for years...they are full of it.
I know what's wrong with Newegg, They are a bunch of thieves
Sounds like everyone who every had the returns “scam” issue, should contact Newegg. Then forward the response to GN. I really doubt they would actually go into their logging and even so much as apologise to customers they previously did this to.
Steve, who let you out of the lab?  🤪 There is so much Newegg has to do to recover, not just from your discoveries, but multitudes of other issues as you can easily see from searching various forums.  It is no longer the "go to" on your side supplier.
This is awesome! Amazing journalism, transparency and working to resolve issues, and placing truth over internet clicks. Big moment for GN and Newegg. Best possible outcome, recognizing the problems and giving them a platform to correct them.
Based on Newegg PR, you should really consider doing an episode(s) where you allow Newegg customers who watch your content that have had similar incidents reach out to you. You might be surprised how many of them have receipts to back up their Newegg story and wouldn't we all be surprised at how NOT isolated these incidents are.
It's not "weird behavior", it's padding revenue by taking advantage of a customer base who is less likely to complain because the process is stacked against them. Newegg won't change.
Getting caught doing something scummy and then saying you are making changes is the wife beaters defence. Why do I get the feeling that as soon as this story goes away it will be back to business as usual. Once an a hole company, always an a hole company.
They sold me a TV during black Friday.  The webpage said "This qualifies for extended holiday returns".  Sounded good.  Got it in.  Was to big to use the LG C1 as a monitor.  Decided to return it.  Nope.  After clicking two links on three different pages to find out that IT WAS UNRETURNABLE.  Closed my Newegg card and will NEVER do business with them ever again.
While you are talking to Newegg I hope you will talk to them about the 3rd party sales need to be clearer.  And the crap company they use for shipping. Ontrack is never on time and I have to hunt for the package when it finely does show up
Pr guy only started his job two days ago🥴🥴🥴🥴
They also tried to bribe UFD Tech, that should be mentioned.
THREE CHEERS TO ALL THE PPL AT GAMERS NEXUS FOR TRYING TO MAKE THINGS BETTER ON ALL OUR BEHALF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HIP HIP HURRAY!!!  HIP HIP HURRAY!!!   HIP HIP HURRAY!!!
4:45 Didn't expect to see a SavageGeese cameo.
Newegg needs to be oldegg or it will lose 1.5 million customers
If things change, it won't happen as swiftly as it should.
I will always remain a Newegg customer after these videos!  Go Newegg! (lol I don't care)
Hopefully, Gamestop can see this and start selling computer hardware.
Good job to Newegg PR department (or any 3rd-party they hired)
Absolutely loved newegg 10-15 years ago. The service was top tier when I dealt with them.
Sounds dishonest based on your reporting already, this has been an ongoing issue and multiple people have complained to you, much let alone all the people who are not GN fans. (If they are not GN fans screwem anyway lol jk)  So to say isolated incidents sounds false already
Don't be reluctant to ask for some addition help when pursing something like this.  Those of us who can give will give and the rest won't be offended or think you're just shilling for a buck.  Ask for donations, don't be shy.  Thanks for being one of the best independent industry watchdogs out there!
Anyone who had done multiple purchases from Newegg knows this is not isolated.  If you EVER had to make a return or had an issue with say a rebate or "Free" game or a defective product you have been frustrated by the return and customer service which is poor to say the least.  Isolated is their attempt to spin it in their favor and it is false.
"PEACE WAS NEVER AN OPTION!"  -the birds behind u, probably 😂😂😂
Hey, I was the person who spent 10K and they wouldn't warranty a fan - you helped, and I'm thankful.  Give it to NewEgg.  I've spent over 4K since, avoiding NewEgg, willing to pay, for example, more than $130 more per 14TB HDD just to ensure I didn't buy from NewEgg.  I've had a second fan die shortly after the first was resolved, and I'm just ignoring it because we all know you can NOT count on NewEgg.  Keep up the good work and I'm looking forward to watching this story as it develops.
MAYBE... just maybe guys & gals, It's time to go back to Tiger Direct and give them a chance again!!!  Ya know???
why give them the free pr? let them do it the hard way
dont listen to me but looking at her business picture on her signature, it just looks like someone they hired off of the street. tf is that a facebook selfie?????
I'm sorry, but most of this just seems like damage control
We need more companies to buy from not just from Amazon, Best Buy, Micocenter ( if you have one locally), Newegg... More options is better than one
coin for the algorithm
🍿
i think thay work for newegg
Comgratulations GN, you guys are officially going to be journalists
I skip these vids about Newegg
not sure why you think a company that does this knowingly based on the amount of customers complaining would ever change and loose the amount of money they save by being legally corrupt.
Take a few bags of lye Steve.    Beat them into submissions
I really appreciate how you don't do any angry gamer act and treat things professionally. You get so much further if you don't automatically assume that the person you're disagreeing with is some malicious actor instead of what they are, cheap and lazy.
Intel or Amd ? https://youtube.com/shorts/TgzHe4wXkS0?feature=share
Thank you Gamers Nexus, for standing up for the DIY computer enthusiast!
Your a true ambassador to the cause and thank you.  This truly needs to be weeded out thank you for your time Big love !
And the saga continues.  Sounds like Newegg is going to need to go pretty deep to fix their "processes".  Time will tell.
1🇺🇲👨🏼‍💼 Newegg is still around!?!?
ty
IMO if newegg doesn't detail exactly how it screwed up in the interview then I don't see how they could possibly be expected to have fixed it, you can't fix a problem if you don't know what the problem is, and if they aren't willing to tell us what the problem is then they probably don't intend to fix it. If they do tell us about it though I'd have a pretty high confidence they are actually doing something about it.
Good on you Steve, I think it's a great idea to make this change. I am curious to see what they have to say about this from their end too.
4:40 Ngl, Steve jelling at wild animals has some 'strict teacher wanting quiet in the room' vibes, lol
Quote from Newegg seems like total PR damage control bullshit.  I expect all talk and zero follow through.
I was about to just stop getting stuff from Newegg even if it's the site with the best deal on something but I'll consider it depending on their response and how they conduct themselves following the video.
You can tell they're Canadian geese because they're constantly honking
I just rma'd some ddr5 that was working perfectly fine. No issues thankfully.
weaponizing geese who are clearly trained in spy tactics.  wow.  Newegg what WONT you do
Since you started using blender renderings from outdoors scenery for your background, you could at least use a bit more exciting assets instead of the stock "grass field" and cheap "bird" animations.  Where's the dragons and the exploding volcano? I expected more of your team, Steve.
I won't buy anything from there anymore. Bought a 5k computer and it was half ass built. It was so bad they had fans turned in the wrong direction along with using different models cause bad sounds. Also what I bought dropped in price in less than 30 days from receiving the item. They refused to refund me 500 dollars instead gave me 50 dollar in store credit.
Im fully expecting them to pretend to fix the problem then just stuff it under a rug once the dust settled
thats the first hot rep i have seen...them glasses makes her so much hotter.. :)
Look I'm all for what you are doing but you gotta understand its got to be crazy hard for a business to know if it was the customer that actually damaged the product look I've had it before I run a carpentry company and I fitted someone a kitchen speed forward a week I got an email saying a panel was extremely damaged with pictures, I told her it was completely impossible I would of fitted it like that and went round to meet with her she had a dog and it was clearly the dog had scratched all up the side of it but I ended up replacing the panel out of my money, I now take pictures of everything I do. My point being that was one customer, now imagine having thousands of people doing that, yeah innocent people get caught in the crossfire but there is always two sides
damnnn ... I don't know if this story its true or not but just in case I rather not to order anything from newegg anymore.
Newegg has always been sus to me with the amount of faulty stuff Ivr hear about thrm sending ppl and me too.
The problem is,  is that it was sold to china... and theres the problem...
Pin Gate.
Please be critical and don’t let the newegg rep go easy. Need to be critical and hope they don’t just patch this issue with lies
Do this with Shit Buy and see if you can get me my $2,000 I paid for an empty MacBook Pro box they sold me and never refunded me. The manager that lost my receipt back in 2013 is Brandon something.
Newegg dropped the ball, time for Microcenter to step up their game and bulk up their online presence and just steamroll the competition into the dirt.
*STOP BUYING FROM NEWEGG PERIOD*
I bought a new in box Z270 motherboard and it arrived with bent pins. I had to fight to get it resolved. Want the details? I got emails and pictures.
GG !
im half and half they might fix they might fumble but either way the next video will be interesting
Lost me as a customer.
When a company or brand allows media to have a direct approach during a crisis scenario such as this one it makes them look like they are open to talk and get right the things they should fix. However, having the "PR Director" as the only representative in these kind of meetings its only to reinforce the message they already published on their statement and to position the key messages of the same statement through you.  Having only a PR in meetings is because they are not going to risk any other part of the business to talk and possibly mess it up even more. So pretty much they will only use their PR director as a shield to calm down things, reinforce their messages and apologize for what happened.  I think that for a proper and productive meeting, someone else directly tied to operations should be in there and also be able to answer questions or make some comments.
ask questions that everybody will know they lied if they lied.
Nice little fly over cameos from Mark and Jack from Savage Geese,
If other journalists held companies and individuals responsible the way that you do, we would live in such a better world.  THIS is journalism.
Let's not forget B&H Photo. They also carry a fairly large amount of pc parts. I bought my last monitor there and it cost less then at Newegg and only took 2 days to get to me.
"very small number" FUCK all large corporations. This is the exact type of language all of them would use.
1:50 Yeah that's IF Amazon doesn't decide to buy Newegg. I don't like it. Them meeting with you just doesn't sit well with me.
They knew 100% what they were doing selling broken open box products.
I like this outdoor video and I think as a professional YouTuber you have to give them a chance to explain themselves.
ALL BS.  My husband and I have been on Newegg for their packaging since around 2016.  They throw the item into the bottom of a box, and then some packaging material on top.  We have been dealing with Newegg nearly 20 years (my husband has) and after 3 consecutive destroyed motherboards, all BRAND NEW due to their total incompetence, we took our business elsewhere.
Newegg was the only place I knew where to get parts growing up. They've sold out and gone mainstream
Good job guys.  I couldn't think of anyone who would do a better job of holding Newegg's feet to the fire.  Hoping for a new era of conscientious and thoughtful retail.  I for one would be willing to pay a few dollars more for something if it helped pay for great service
Honest journalism 👏
In my life experience, most bad actors never change unless and until there is a self-benefit to that change.  Yours and our skepticisms are well warranted as we all know Newegg is only doing this because a $500 debacle has cost them well in excess of that amount in bad PR, customer boycotts and negative press by high level YouTubers.  If they could continue as-is they would for they have had no incentive in the past to change. With that being said, they are in recovery mode in an effort to stop the hemorrhage, formulating their machinations as I type for the coming interview and are probably reaching out to specialty media companies for damage control consultation.  At this point, it will be a game of chess with you and them.  Ideally, this may lead to a good outcome with improved customer interaction, but even if it does, it's only because it is now in Newegg's best interest to do so not because they care about their customers.  Whatever good that may come from this thank you for being the catalyst.
So glad we’ve got Scan in the UK!
I really, REALLY need this to be "fix", because I find amazon to be a detestable company and I WON'T take my business there.  I'm sad that all the little websites I used over the years for parts here and there (whose names I've long forgotten) are all gone, that would be the best way.  But as it stands now, unless Newegg REAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLY fucks up this response, I'm staying there and just playing the lottery that I don't have broken parts shipped to me.
So... you're saying I SHOULDN'T buy this RTX 3050 on Ebay from NewJuevos?
They need to hire someone that understands without profit there is no company/business. At the same time they are not typically part of the corporate culture/mentality.  This can be a business integrity and customer representative.  Preferably having a office away from most of the executives down near as what Paul described as the dock and RMA station.
Preach! I miss old newegg!
This is not your typical hobby tech video, this is professional journalism.
Wonder what Newegg stock down  92% would indicate?
Kudos!
4:40 The enemy has many spies in his service; Birds and beasts.
thank you GN Team
Newegg is more expensive than our stores in Australia even when they offer free shipping.
Thank you Steve for teaching me so much i  put new thermal past on my gpu its a RX 580 8 GB i was ready to throw it away but now runs like new Thank you for being a good teacher.
👏👏👏👏👏
Why Did I Divorce my RUSSIAN WIFE??? https://youtu.be/Djoe1CyaqiE
Ok so you're going to talk to their speach writer.  He can only tell you what the big shots want them to tell you.  The possible people who screwed up should show up and apologize and if Newegg really cared the CEO should show up, but we know that'll never happen.  I expect they'll blow smoke until they think it's over and then they'll continue their BS, maybe they won't piss off YouTube personalities but they'll keep fucking with the general public.  I hope I'm wrong, I used to love Newegg as well.  Maybe now it's time for another company to come along and try for Neweggs spot...maybe Micro Center.
Holy shit a GN video on trending?! What the hell is going on?
Please tell me this is 5/5 of the videos. I need new content 🙂
I really hope this goes well. I loved buying my parts from Newegg whenever I needed something for either a personal custom build, or a friend. 🤞
Meeting with the PR director sounds kind of pointless. If they were interested in an honest "mea culpa" conversation they would put someone with direct knowledge about their returns processing into the interview with PR joining them to help.  Their public statement also sounds like pure damage control. They admit narrowly to the one specific problem with "open box" CPUs and motherboards that GN extensively documented. They don't admit to any problems beyond this even though it's pretty obvious they do exist.  What about the nasty product bundling practices they've been doing for a while now? It used to be that Newegg's product bundles represented good value. Now product bundles are often a combination of some junk item they want to get rid of with some high demand item they won't sell on it's own.  Newegg really isn't the company it used to be. Their recent actions show they're getting worse, not better.  I largely gave up on buying from Newegg a few years ago. The odd way they would do split credit card charges was always flagged as fraud by my bank and caused orders to get cancelled unexpectedly. Add to that the credit card skimming code that was on to their payment page for a full month in 2018 and it was all just a bit too much for my taste. I'll gladly pay a little more to purchase from a retailer I trust.
Hey, Steve, While you're at Newegg, could you please ask them why every package I order from them that they ship via UPS has a big ass hole in it, including the box for my $400 monitor?
I hope we hear from some of the customers that they screwed over.  Without said customers having to initiate it.
I love the Be Quiet case ad spot lmao
So newegg sends the new guy in PR to deal with Steve. Lol ok
Newegg, California and shitty customer support? Imagine my shock. Anything in Commiefornia is below any normal standards...
Is this the how the fan testing will go after you find out which companies are bs'ing there customers by putting incorrect stats on the boxes. Gonna be epic show down with newegg. Steve for FTW!
"it would be awesome if these companies could keep each other honest" they have to be run by scrupulous people for that to happen. for a company to keep another company honest they have to be operating in an honest way themselves first.
I remember when newegg was my one stop shop 10+ years ago. Sad how far they've fallen.
GN on location
Look even if its a small number to them statistically, the moment they pulled this crap with a big tech tuber was stupid. You really wanna have good pr dont do something stupid with a tech channel that calls out companies on doing something stupid.
That's great Steve. You know you reached a point to where a company actually cares about it customers and being able to help the people that have been wronged by such company not just talking about Newegg. Companies these days and government have no accountability and to get Newegg to be accountable is a huge step in the right direction.
In terms of a response - they are recently publicly traded company via SPAC. Depending on their response this could end up being a major deal either to current investors or the original finders of the SPAC. My best guess is they’ll do their best to avoid liability, but depending on how disingenuous their response is they could face severe legal penalties.   TL;DR: we’ll get very little from this.
It is fair.  He (reasonably) opened that can of worms on Newegg, he should at least talk to them after the fact.
New egg is Chinese owned, no thanks
So I need 1 million YouTube subscribers in order for Newegg to give me good customer service. Got it.
Awesome. I love these videos. Holding those accountable for their actions. Can't wait till you sir down with CPU bench and Nvidia.
So happy I live "near" a Microcenter...Last time I was there the Manager was picking up trash and even hopped on the registers when things got super busy. Dude obviously took pride in the store and it showed.
Go to Portillio's while you are down there.
Fortunately I live in Canada and there are several online retailers for computer components other than Amazon or Newegg! First free health care, and now we have more computer retailers than the US lmao! Why would you ever want to live in the US, it's truly a terrible place!
THE SAGA CONTINUES!
Brilliant ch what a great video, hopefully culture shock change in a company help everyone even new egg
Newegg has been acting this way for YEARS.       I bought a IBuyPower PC from them back in 2015.  Decent deal, recommended by a friend.  Product is still up on the site, but has been out of stock for years.  I can offer the link if needed.    After the first big push of updates to Windows it ran, either the motherboard or some other vital component broke down and the PC basically was a paperweight.  Me being patient, I figured best bet was to contact Newegg (was still in my 30 day warranty period) and get an RMA.  So I got one, and had it shipped back to Newegg.  The rep I spoke with at Newegg even recommended that once they get the PC back to call in and ask to have the RMA expedited once it arrived.  All seemed at least going according to plan.  It took the entire week for their RMA to arrive and be acknowledged, and then nearly another entire week for them to complete their review of my RMA.  When I had called to ask that the process be expedited, I was told that they would not expedite.  The dashboard online at Newegg's website never updated giving me any indication of what the status of the replacement was, so I began calling their customer service number trying to get a status.  Called many times with no return calls regarding my issue.    I finally got through to a supervisor or two, and was told that my return was Rejected.  Apparently the PC I returned to them... the same one I received, hooked up and turned itself into a paperweight, and i put back in the same packaging to them, was not what they shipped me.  It didn't match their records.  Multiple representatives (politely) indicated I was trying to pull a fast one on them.   After what seemed like days of calls and dealing with multiple reps and supervisors, a supervisor told me that even though the serial number of my PC didn't match what they had on record, their records indicated it was sold by Newegg, and they would be willing  to accept my RMA. The rep indicated that it would be promptly shipped, but when I asked about what guarantees I would have that this replacement wouldn't fail like the first, he told me that it would be past the 30 day period from the original purchase, so they wouldn't be able to accept another return.   I got the replacement PC (after a bit more hassle of non-communication on their part), and set it up.  The next morning after setup, the system would not turn on.  Apparently a bad power supply.  After replacing that power supply at my own cost, the graphics card fan died shortly thereafter.  Two parts fail within days of setup... and while I am willing to accept that there could have been some fluke of a situation affecting the terminal... it is not likely at all.  The graphics card could have also been damaged by the power supply when it died.  Ended up replacing that on my own as well.  TLDR: Was sold a lemon, treated as a liar and a thief, not given the common courtesy of return calls, and then for my trouble shipped a SECOND lemon terminal with a faulty power supply and graphics card.
Lol I have local retailers where I got a 3070 ti for 1100
They got the drones watching you lol
Their response, it didn't thrill us. They locked the door and tried to kill us. - Weird Al
tech jesus! teach us!  lol that sun behind the head lighting is epic :D
The only true justice is if they refund everybody they've screwed with their return policy over the years and I severely doubt there's any chance they do that with how much work and cost there will be to dig themselves out of the morally bankrupt hole they've dug for themselves. Sending a PR yes man to put colorful language about sincerity and integrity, and saying "small numbers" doesn't inspire much confidence.
Thank you, Tech Jesus
4:39 they're definitely newegg's employees
I haven't bought from Newegg for years as I've feared this very situation. Not a lot of $$ and need to be aware of possible scams. That and I live within 10 miles of a Microcenter. Keep up the GREAT work!!
If you’ve got a problem with Canada Gooses, you’ve got a problem with me.  And I suggest you let that one marinate.
Take into consideration that Newegg was merged with a Chinese company as close as last year. Probably while they iron out the differences in methodologies, etc. we might see this hurricane of errors and easy mistakes. I bought in, and I’m optimistic about the outcome. But they definitely have to streamline their procedures if they want to keep going.
GO GET EM GAMERS NEXUS!!!!!☺️😎🙌😺
Since I'm kind of skeptic person, I'd more inclined to believe that: a. Newegg won't change b. Newegg will change until the heat calmed, then back at it again.
#20 trending. We in the big leagues now baby
So, would now would be a good time to try to pick up a video card from the Newegg hustle?
How there is just Amazon, newegg and microcenter in usa now?  The heck?  Here in Sydney we have like 7 shipping everywhere plus small local guys. Then you have another 5 which are not located in Sydney but in another towns.   With pop of 25 million.
Even IF Newegg straightens their crap up Micro Center is still much cheaper. A lot of the time its worth the long distance dive to buy from them instead! New Egg thinks their shits made of GOLD in prices no thanks. They literally are almost more expensive on everything over micro center. My closest Micro center is over 200 miles away. I will continue to make the drive when ever I need something. New eggs messed up away to many times for my taste no thanks. In my case Price is the main factor but also the screw ups are in the back of my mind as well.  Also NEW EGG WILL YOU PLEAS SAVE THE DAMN GEOGRAPHICAL LOCATION !!!! When I tell you I'm in the united states and I only want united states sold products. Why in the hell do I have to change it back to that for every damn search. I DO NOT LIVE IN CHINA! Please for the love of god fix that! Your search filters are garbage!
Steve is the hero we’ve needed all along!
new tittle of the video "Tech Jesus screaming at nature".  This is actually really cool, what would be cooler it's if this type of content could reach more people, many people are not aware of this practices and they should.
the issue is NOT actually that a product was sold in a damaged condition, well it's unacceptable but still human errors are possible, we are not machines  the main issue is : newegg gets the motherboard, it's all bent pins but they have a tracking number on it & a sticker, that shows it was not repaired internally before despite that, newegg customer tech support dares to say the the customer (gamernexus) is lying and has damaged the product themselves clearly THIS is the large issue here.  > in short when there's an issue with your return, there is 0 investigation process and it's the consumer's fault by default with no possibility to voice or appeal otherwise. <
Thanks Steve.   - NVIDIA
lol newegg always been bad long shipping restocking fee no thanks
I got an idea for a video after all this happened. Buy a a few more open box Motherboards using smurf accounts with different delivery addresses and return them all after inspecting them all on cam and send them back and see how many get rejected. I bet this happens more often than not. And they don't return them and instead STILL RESELL THEM
My wife half listening in the background - "Wow they are actually journalists. That's cool!"
Steve, you're handling this in the most fair way possible. Kudos to you and your team!
Highly doubt gonna get my money back so until then they still aren't going to receive my business again. Not to mention them locking my account
newegg pulling a justin trudeau?
Tell them to pay for your hotel room. At least
Newegg is basically the new Fry's Electronics, and is destined to go down in flames all the same, if they don't fix more than just this kerfuffle.   I'm a SoCal native, and I discovered Newegg's website in '02 in my freshman year of high school. As a 14-year old kid back then, I simply couldn't believe how much better of a selection it had over my local Fry's (which had already gone way down hill at that point in its existence).   Fast, affordable shipping, even back then! It was like a dream come true for me. I've also dealt with them directly in-person for order pickups and RMAs via will call at their HQ over the years. Granted, there is a difference between being a customer and doing official business with them, but I digress.   There is a HUGE contrast to the way things were back then, and how bad things became up to the point when they got purchased in 2020. They used to be very knowledgeable, tactful, and accommodating--whether on the phone or in-person. They would even throw freebies every now and again (credits here and there, not-for-sale promo items, etc.).  Now, it's too many slimeballs running amok. It's really sad.  I just really miss the old Newegg.
This feels like two military leaders in a battlefield meeting on neutral ground for an armistice 🤣
To be honest I think they will just continue to rip off people without a platform.
You don't gotta worry about amazon, ebay exists  never gonna use newegg again
New Egg can go suck an egg.
You guys couldn't even bother to wipe the fingerprints off the front of the case first? 🤣
YO VISIT FRANK AND SONS AND DO A SMALL VLOG IN CITY OF INDUSTRY!!
This is trending on YouTube. Lol 😂 congratulations Newegg on getting some bad publicity.
"Isolated incidents" I believe this is what is known as an 'oxymoron.'
4:37 HONK HONK HONK! Hold the line my 🇨🇦 geese!
I have a response for Newegg....You're infuriating and will never find a need to order from you again !
don't you need to talk to CTO instead of the spin master? He's gonna feed you even more bs
So they won't inspect. The open box  order  before shipping it's just they made return easy 🤣
These days up here in Canada the one getting all the accolades is memory express.
this video could have been a tweet. we're flying to newegg, here's their response.
What's wrong with Amazon??
4:37 I LOL'd hard XD
Thank you for everything. I wish I could work with GN directly but unfortunately I don’t have the qualifications or live anywhere near you. Your work is inspiring and important.
Newegg is just trash
Sneak FedEx promotion near the end there. 🤪
So much drama.  Plot thickens another youtuber shafted by newegg - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ6LsloQ7K4
Please continue to hold corporations feet to the fire over bad products and bad service. Not just newegg. We need someone with the equipment and knowledge to say "Your product is shit, your company lied".
@8:33. Small things like that is what makes this channel great. Appreciate the videos you all put out.
Fool me once. No matter how well the interview may go, I will still likely never buy from Newegg.
That's awesome, highlighting shitty behavior from corporations IS important, consumers should be aware of who they are dealing with. Perhaps helping them FIX their fucked up policies IS EVEN BETTER !!!!  ( Monopolies are fucked for us all, so well done boys! )
4:45 like the crows from Saruman
When the Newegg rep asked if you needed anything else, you should have asked for a bowl of only red M&M's that way you know they are serious when you walk in door.
Let's see if they contact me, mine was a defective keyboard, returned it and I was left out without the money and keyboard 😠
Tech Jesus Christ, reading these comments, has anyone ever actually had a positive experience with Newegg?
I love steve's 1 perfectly defined curl on his left arm.
newegg has gone to crap. bought a mobo from a 3rd party seller, they sent the backplate in the static bag free floating with the board. contacted them and they did not care. contacted newegg SEVEN TIMES trying to get it worked out. they contacted the 3rd party seller multiple times against my wishes because it was obvious the seller did not care.  i gave up and just did a chargeback through PayPal.  newegg is pure garbage and i will never shop there again
You look like Jesus in the beginning of the video with that heavenly white background
Them geese heading to Ottawa
ask them why they charge scalper prices in the newegg shuffle
Now bouncing between you and UFD tech on their fight with Newegg.....interesting times ahead.
I have SERIOUS doubts Newegg will be honest about this incident.  They've probably already formulated their best and potentially most believable yet fictional story in an effort to candy coat this and make it go away.  As someone who has shopped since there since the 2000's, I don't believe they will be able to earn my patronage again unless they shockingly lay out the truth of the matter and detail what happened to those employees involved in the numerous instances of fraud that have come to light, along with changing their ways.
Sad to see you will only be meeting the PR director, and not someone who is ultimately in charge of RMAs and such as well.  The reasoning is simple as I can see the PR talking head simply deny any knowledge of this happening, promising to look into it so it doesn’t happen again, but as you have pointed out, if they did this to GN, imagine what they’ve pulled on regular customers.
You are a godsend to the pc community.
Steve, this is why you have earned the nickname tech Jesus. You want to save everyone but only some will listen. Hoping Newegg hears the scripture of tech Jesus.
Steve your becoming even more of a tech hero. The computer world needed someone to help keep these monster companies from scamming and out right taking advantage of there position. Thank you and your team for all the hard work and expertise.
Owned by Chinese company Hangzhao Liaison Interactive Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Liaison Interactive). They've been in trouble for shady stuff already worse than this. Since the Chinese have taken over Newegg, they have gone way down hill.
I love this new soap opera you guys are getting into.
Funny how be quiet's been the sponsor of these videos🤐
You guys do an amazing job. I love the independent journalism beacon you guys have become. Don't drop the torch please! Again great job.
Thankfully we have many online hardware stores in UK. Ebuyer, Scan, OverclockersUK, BOX and CCL are the bigger ones but there's also Novatech, Ballicom, AWD-IT. We also have Currys/PC World, they have online and physical stores, a bit like Microcentre but not as good.  I'm not even counting Amazon.
Pointless
Oh FFS, this could have been a three-minute video, thanks for wasting my time. I appreciate what you do, but give me a break.
What about all the money and parts that they owe what could amount to possibly thousands of other customers who have been screwed over time? Making a change right now doesn't change what they did in the past. There needs to be more done then a "No Questions Asked" on motherboard and CPU returns.
Wait, you didn't fly out to CA for a duel in the wild west?
Ugh, PR guy is NOT the guy you want to be talking to or the guy we want to be hearing from.  The person who manages RMA inspection process and/or the person who sets the policy for what items go on the stock for open box resale.  The PR person is just going to spin, and PR does not have any real teeth/power in most companies.  So even if they agree with you on what should be done to fix the problem, they are not the people who can do that.
I'm not sure which saga I'm more looking forward to, Dr. Strange, The Rings of Power or Gamers Nexus vs Newegg!
I plan on building myself a PC for the first time. Do you have any tips on how to approach it? Without New Egg as an option, I don't know the best place to get parts.
I really want them to be good and honest, but these incidents seem wide spread.  Right now it seems safer with the other company.
They said they are reaching back out to their customers. What is the cutoff? 6 months, a year, 2 years? I can tell you they haven't reached out to me or my business at all. Not even with an apology over a GPU. I don't expect one, I also don't expect them to send a knowledgeable person. That PR guy just started at the company. Not that it should matter when he started. But you would think that the best thing to do is bring this in the light and not downplay. Genuine care and concern for your customer base and a willingness to make it right.
a couple years ago I tried to get something from Newegg, just an external hard drive enclosure but it was somehow damaged in transit and returned and I had to get them to send another because taking people's money and not giving them anything is cool and normal for them, I guess. then they said it was out of stock, so....a refund maybe? I needed to ask for that too.  it got sorted out but it seemed weird and shady. I don't like Amazon but Newegg is no alternative.
You know newegg fucked up when tech Jesus shows up on the front door, also crazy this is #17 on trending rn!
Yeah I had this issue years ago, bought a r5 290 and it arrived obviously used and didn't work.  Upon returning it they stated it was damaged and wouldn't refund me.  Until they make that right I will never buy from them, no matter if they fixed your issue.  Calling them out on facebook, to the BBB, none of it helped.  over 640 dollars thrown right in the trash and hours wasted trying to get support to help.  They only responded to you because you're an influencer.
The best part is NewEgg should make it on GNs Disappointment tour shirt. They should be proud.
I watched this video very closely in case I had to spot a Newegg sniper on the grassy knoll.
"O.K. Corral"  9:44   (background spaghetti western music)
Thank you guys for constantly exposing ridiculous business practices like this. I’ve given Newegg sales in the past and have recommended them before and it’s safe to say I’ll never do that again. I’m disappointed I ever gave them money.
Newegg is slowly making the BestBuy and Radioshack mistake. Selling weird oddities and mobile devices trying to cater to consumerism rather than catering to a specific target demographic and doing that very well like they used to. Remember Tigerdirect and CompUSA? Same deal there.
I call it  Shenanigans
China numba wan! 🇨🇳
Need to go back to box stores. This online buying seemed great but it's not anymore.
You are really making me reconsider new egg purchases
It blew up in their face $10,000 We can make it all go away
PR guy == lots of promises, minimalization of the problems, no real action will be taken.
they wont fix anything they just gona make sure they wont get caught again
Newegg has been going downhill for years. I but most of my tech from b&h and occasionally best buy or as a very last resort amazon.
Great job. Looking forward to this next video
That green screen background looks so realistic
I'll believe it when I see it.
Bruh their focus hasn't been on customer satisfaction for almost a decade
The like per view ratio on this video is insane. Keep it up GN!!!
over 3000 comments so far, this issue remains hot and we are grateful for you guys
Not to sound Prejudice or w.e but a VERY important question to ask newegg is who works on RMA and warehouse stuff, bc many companies it's 3rd world country naive employees that have no idea or qualifications to be doing the job they are given. To save $ of course for the company.
This is what integrity looks like (GN not yet NE)
Just took the plunge on an open box monitor so hope this goes well haha
Clean house Newegg!  All your base are us, and we want to belong.
Brett at UFD Tech had a lot to say about Newegg, shady practices, even not bothering to send a component to the winner at a Charity event.  Sending David Whine, Director of PR, so basically the highest paid professional smokescreener. Isolated incidents... 🤣
NewEgg is the online equivalent of a guy selling watches out of his car trunk.
wow gamers nexus on trending, thats awsome
Let hope Newegg use this opportunity to listen to concerns and act accordingly instead of just Corporate Speak. I feel Newegg need to evaluate all it's Internal Systems as the better a company works internally the better the external ( Customer ) experience becomes. Any one can sell good products and look good doing that if pricing is reasonable. However how you handle damaged and returned products should also be totally streamlined as well. Whilst we are talking we may as well address bundling as this is something Newegg needs to push back on suppliers about.   Currently the market is where ever I can get what I need that's where I going to shop. But as supply returns to the market and you can obtain product readily that's when reputation allows you to keep sales. So the backlash of there actions may not be felt until further down track. Damage control is not applicable Honestly owning a problem and Fixing Internal Issues be it Systems or Attitude. When it's all said and done the Customer drives the business so there experience must be the best you can make it under all circumstances. Thanks Steve and Team at GN your commitment not only to us viewers but also to Newegg to allow them to improve so they and us can share a valued experiences into the future.
You're doing great work!
Steve, don't do this man, they're obviously shot themselves in the foot, don't let them use your platform to save face. They are a scumbag company, on many many many instances. You are our voice, let them get flamed, scamming customers isn't anything new for them. I've lost $40 on a power supply after they ghosted me, there is nothing they can do or say to fix this, but you will give them that chance. It's time to kick them in the face and knock them down a few levels.
Steve, on reflection, you should probably have asked to speak to Steffani Farmer herself on camera. PR guy seems like a corporate "shift the focus" attempt. I'm hoping I'm wrong man!
This should be revisited in Oct/Nov when everyone is doing their Christmas shopping.
100 man with this type of integrity and the world is saved in my op
Steve, you and the GN team are a paragon of consumer advocacy. I love this so much about you guys. You’re such a positive force on the industry and we all really appreciate you.
Honk. Says geese
This is all very exciting, I can't wait :D.
Lmfao, I hope you rip em a new one, or w.e the saying is!  What a Load of absolute fucking BULLSHIT, that statement is about customer satisfaction... this wouldn't be where it's at right now! If they even remotely believed or enforced that statement at all!
Gamestop is moving heavily into ecommerce, including PC components for DIY building. There's even been talk of them opening up PC-centers in some locations dedicated to PC building and repair. They've got a completely new, ecommerce-focused board including some former Amazon names. Their new chairmen is former CEO of Chewy (and famous for being heavily customer service focused).  You can already buy PC components through their site and the variety is regularly increasing.  So, it's not all there yet. But it's not just Amazon and Newegg on our horizons. There is at least one other major player building.
You can't help or fix Newegg, they're a Chinese-owned company now.
New egg drone geese 😎lol
In addition to the conversation in person, you should get them to take you on a tour of their facility to see how returns are processed on camera
Sadly, I see this rolling into yet another PR spin show. Senior Mgt cannot be completely oblivious to these practices, and I would expect the same boiler-plate responses of "This is an isolated incident" etc. Hope I'm wrong. Waiting for the next. Thank you for all you do Steve and team
lol at 8:29 what a joke. its like cnn public relation manager telling you that they are truthful and telling you the facts.
Excellent sentiments at the start. I have the utmost respect for the intelligence, tenacity and sensitivity of your approach. Thanks GN!
I hope it goes well
I doubt they reach out to many, I bought a "open box" motherboard from Newegg 4 or 5 years ago and it always had issues to the day the vrm finally went out. Seems like something they have been doing for awhile.
I miss TigerDirect
Don't say anything in front of their lawyers.
Bravo! Thank you for looking out for the little guys
Frame the motherboard and auction it off ;)
Thanks!
Newegg: y'all better respect me, I'm the cowboy in this town... Steve: there aint 'nough space in this town for the both of us *tumbleweed rolls past* *steve fills newegg with bullets and does a shot of whiskey*
The bird spy drones almost got you.  But that's what you get for going outside.
fumble horribly
I think what PC builders want the most is for Newegg to apologize for scamming them. It was pretty obvious from when they were scammed and your recent videos showed that they either scammed or had MAJOR negligence throughout the years.
actions speak louder than worlds. You should poll customers in the future  if newegg properly treated them in the future. Personally, yeh.. they are in the dumps. And I will not deal with them.
This is amazing too see 👀
yup new eggs scout tshirt please.
I hope you Gamers will also talk to New about price gouging
Last year, I had a pretty awful experience with Newegg customer service. It was way too much work on my part for them to accept to take return of a terrible monitor. I wrote an in-depth review of the monitor, which forced them to accept returns on the said part. Then when I called them out on having changed the policy on said part, that is when they finally accepted the return. They had set the policy to no returns knowing full well it was a bad product, and only changed their policy when my review threatened to slow or completely stop the sale of the product. Also my review did warn people that the product was set to no returns.   Newegg was a site that I had recommended to everyone, but from one interaction on one purchase, they not only lost me as a loyal customer, but all future ones I would have recommended to them.
In germany (and i dunno where else) we have mindfactory. That store is just a clean GG
I have absolutely no regret when shitty companies go out of business. And I don’t have a problem with the Amazon monopoly if their customer service and RMA stays competitive.  I don’t care about this faux diversity for diversity’s sake.
Thanks!👍
4:37 Those Canadians!
Steve really looks like tech jesus in this vid. More than the usual i mean lol.
I read about this NEWEGG situation. I have bought alot of parts from NE. Once it goes viral they seem to want to do something about this SNAFU.
So they are having you meet not with someone who can make meaningful changes, but with someone who lies for a living...
I’ll be steering clear of Newegg for sure.
I still want _Thermal Paté_ cat food Steve. Make it happen!
It's refreshing to see a channel fight for the consumers instead of taking money under the table to shill for products and companies.
nobody wants to see Newegg go under, just to do a better job for their customers. It isn't just Newegg, its all corporate America, profits have come first over quality of goods and services
I really appreciate the way you guys approach this sort of thing. Pull no punches, but allow for rebuttal. Great work Steve and GN.
I started using Newegg in 2007, and I have never had an issue.  That said I never EVER buy from the third party sellers, only Newegg proper.  My only RMA was an Asus Prime Z390 mobo with a dead memory channel, it was a quick and easy process.  All that being said, anything to keep companies honest can only be a good thing!
I absolutely love your videos guys. Have fun in California!
Hopefully 😃
Well... Steffani wants to keep her job I suppose, which is fine. But I wouldn't interpret too much into this reaction. (I know you don't, just saying) And don't drink anything there which has a weird color. lol jk
Does America not have lots of retailers for hardware?  Here in Australia I have 5 different companies all within a 10 minute drive away, with another 5 less than an hour away, all of who are selling a roughly the same price.
i agree. i dont want to have amazon as the only place to order computer parts. we need other good sources. i appreciate the work being done here. i want newegg to get better. until i see some major turn a rounds, i cant trust this company.  there has been multiple situations. in different areas and departments. so its not just one bad employee.
Your not aloud out side get back in the laboratory ✌️
This is amazing! I've never really trusted Newegg. Probably order one or twice from them. I hope the closure you get with Newegg, if you get any, might sway me to start making them my primary tech store. I agree with not wanting Amazon to be the only place to buy from. Great to see this. Will you do a review of Best Buy paywall and what you think about it?
Nah Dont give them any face bruh, Theyve been doing this for years....  They did it to me on my first build 10 years ago. Bad mobo and it was new not open box.  Had fingerprints all over it and did not post. As my first build it was a nightmare figuring out which component was bad.
Newegg: "Your fault"
People in Corporate will tell you what you want to hear.  But they won't actually change a single thing.
All the west coast tech tubers should show up for an impromptu press conference (and for meta coverage of GN makes an omelette)
"Isolated incident"... don't dump on my chest and tell me its Ovaltine, honey. Not cute.
Milk it harder.
Hopefully things change but after all the shuffle power supply issues and the fact that they didn’t really do anything with that my hopes are pretty low. Glad you guys are out there fighting for us.
The geese "crebain from dunland"
Is there any way to give you a 1-off donation? I don't really want any of your merch (especially given I'd have to ship it intercontientally), and I don't really want a subscription, but I do wanna support this.
Well I guess new egg is going to meet with you you're store make Google news how a bout that and new egg said they wood make good on all CPU and motherboards no question asked !
I'd like to see them give you a tour of their RMA process
It should not take someone with such far reach like gamers nexus to get such a response. None the less, good work.
I've switched from using Newegg and amazon to using b&h photo and amazon. Much happier experience with purchasing and returning hardware when needed.
It’s soooooo sad this only happened bc of your celebrity/status/platform hopefully it’s legit.  However call me skeptical that this isn’t some attempt at pr saying it’s fixed and continue on only hoping to never get another YouTuber again
4:40 - Spies of Saruman
You leaked stefanii’s email lmao🤣🤣
I hope this works out well. I definitely agree with, it’s not healthy if Amazon is the last store in the country you can order your hard ware
Newegg is full of shit. They're trying to do damage control, that's all.
Very good Actions Steve.  I am very pleased as a Sub to see this.  I was buying from New Egg for over 20 years and picking my orders up myself as i live somewhat close to them.  I was picking up when Paul was there. Now, I rarely buy from them. Get them to just be not so greedy with their customers and to keep the "third party sellers" down to a minimum.  Ok Steve Welcome to California.  I keep wondering what you would look like without all that hair, ya know a fade cut or some kind of doo.  Cheers.
Thank you tech jesus.
What I would like to know .... is who is the idiot who damaged the board in the first place , single handedly bringing Neweggs shady/shitty operations to light, costing them MILLIONS . Was it a previous customer ? Underpaid tech nincompoop employee keeping quiet about his screwup ? Butterfly effect demonstrated perfectly
I can understand Newegg wanting a PR rep there just because they're more accustomed to dealing with the public and answering questions, but they could have included someone actually involved in the inventory side of things as well. Wanting someone there who can clarify things or make sure they don't give away unnecessary info is understandable, but the fact that they *only* sent PR (who was not on the list of requested contacts on top of that) is pretty telling. Pretty sure with all the money they saved scamming people they could afford to have an inventory manager or someone like that take a day off to speak with you. I'm not a fan of the idea of an Amazon functionally having a monopoly either, but that isn't enough to make me shop with a company that scams people and then tries to spin things. I'll just be taking my chances on the secondhand market for the time being, with the current component shortages it's usually faster right now anyway.
Hope?
Newegg stock is crashing hard from there 52week high of $46.49 (July 2021). Currently at $6.33.  They are going to cut corners hard to prop up there bottom line with the hope that it will increase stock price.  Those corners is at the customer experience and expense.  If I was a consumer or a stock holder I would avoid Newegg with a passion.
I'm from Missouri when it comes to large corporations "doing the right thing" after having been caught screwing over customers.
Milking the fuck out of it.
I challenge you to a duel.
We are all so lucky to have Steve in the industry. The dude has been driving standards up and slaying shady design/business practices for years, providing education and empirical data allowing us all to make informed purchases... Thank the Omnissiah for Steve.
Even if newegg ever pay me back for the MSI B560M with a defective ram slot which they refused to RMA. I will never ever ever consider them, I don't care if they are the last retailer on earth, I will never shop with them. Never have i dealt with such a disgusting scam company as large as newegg
I've never seen California look so much like the rural UK. All that's missing is the rain.
9:29 Fuck my bullshit detector fucking shorted out
There needs to be a big binder of tweets from people with their issues they had with newegg.
Looks like Morgan Hill
If you want to fix the duopoly lets get Tiger Direct back up and running again!
Steve is going above and beyond to be fair to Newegg. However, I'm just not buyin' anything those guys are saying or selling anymore. This problem had to be exposed by someone with a platform like GN before they did anything. Not cool. I like the idea of trying to preserve something akin to the old Newegg, but I think it's long gone. Heck, I'm old enough to remember the original Egghead software centers. I just can't seem to find the words to describe how disgusting I find the behavior by Newegg as exposed by GN. Keep up the good work, GN.
i am really sick of youtubers reading corporate PR shit. "customer satisfaction and integrity are at the core of our business"  .. yeah, sure. I believe that. i have also just 1 brain cell.  i just watched few other videos from different channels, about different topics and for some reason all of them think it is good idea to waste my time with this empty phrases.  simple "bla-bla-bla" can give me same info in much less time.
I'm definitely watching Newegg, I'm not above driving 4hours both ways to my nearest microcenter for my full builds from now on.....
Yeah. Fuck newegg.
Newegg spy birds 👀
Yeah, I don't care what they have to say. I am definitely not using them again after what they pulled this past month. Fuck them.
I make purchasing decisions. Newegg used to be my #1 goto, but has been a barely tolerable source recently. These events are unsurprising and I have little faith that even this will change their behavior.
The social order, (society, thx John Green) places the individual consumer (and individual or constituent) at the bottom of all piles. Hence the Hemorrhoids.
Wasn’t Newegg brought by some Chinese company? Good luck rekindling that early 2000s brand  pride.
GameStop sell hardware too.
You and jay should meet up
Gosh I wish there was a Micro Center here.
I swear to go if Newegg tries to hang this on low level managers and employees like this isn't the fault of policy-setting upper management I will never buy from them again
Prediction: Newegg will be "listening" and "concerned".
I'm holding off on my Newegg purchases for 9 months, so November 2022 I'll try this again
Hey Steve, why are they only changing their policy for the two products you buy from them. They sell everything. 😑
Thank you.
This is just going to be a PR stun. I think you should promote more small retailers instead of giving corpos more chances.
"we have already changed internal proceidures to improve how we manage product returns"  lmao no they wont
Not buying anything from newegg
What we have here is must watch T.V.
Oh yeah this is going on the 2022 t shirt
Newegg is suspiciously scammy with the way they are treating RMAs
They sent the PR guy…good luck with that
just make sure  if u say take 10 steps u only take nine
Dude this has been happening for ages. They’re not trying to fix anything
Newegg tryna slip out of cancelation.
I had given up on Newegg after I also had an RMA issue with them that never got resolved. I’m over it, won’t be burned again. So I order from B&H photo, they sell some pc parts. They’re great to work with too if anything is wrong. I honestly don’t care if Newegg get their act together. Quite honestly, I want them to go under, not because of what happened to me, but everyone by the sounds of it.
The best person to send out from New Egg would've been someone who oversees the day-to-day operations there and has control over it. A PR firm or branch of the company doesn't supervise or control how the internals of the company operates. New Egg sending out a PR rep is a fancier way of asking someone to fill out a customer satisfaction survey, and they'll consider changing.
Don't you have other hardware retailers in the US?  I know here in Australia, at least, I can get my hardware from Amazon, obviously, but also the likes of PCCaseGear, UMart, MWave, Scorptec, and many other smaller retailers, most of which have an online store.  Where I live there are no physical places to buy PC hardware, so I use one of those options.  I thought the US would have many more options to buy PC hardware than just Amazon, eBay, Newegg, and Microcenter for those serviced by said store.
A duel? Ah, so we know the time! It's high noon!
When your at the meeting and have the ear of the head honchos of Newegg. Can you ask them to work out some way for them to distribute gpu's evenly and at a fair price for us gamers? Pretty pleaseeeeeeeeeee!!!
What a scamers!
Gotta admit, this Newegg drama is some quality content. It's been great seeing Gamers Nexus grow and evolve over the years. Just another example of the genuine  dedication and authenticity I've come to expect from this channel.   Now, go to their store and buy something! It supports GN staying fully independent and directly translates into even higher quality content. DO IT. You won't regret it
It makes sense, like 1.2M (and climbing) views on the Newegg video kind of sense. That's a good thing. I don't want Newegg destroyed, I just want it to go back to being an awesome company that we all once loved and enjoyed.
R.i.p Tiger direct gone but never forgotten.
Whoa the metaverse looks whacky tacky
Guide his questions clearly and swiftly to ears of Newegg, so that he may be heard and answered in Tech Jesus name we pray 🙏🏾 Amen
You sir, are doing Gods work. May I interest you Louis Rossmann accidental foreskin removal insurance?
Nice fedex ad haha
Tigerdirect where you at.......
We've reached out to customers who may have been negatively impacted.... So, either marketing fluff... OR they know exactly how many people they've screwed over with BS RMA rejections.
Neweggs words are just that.. words.. they wont change..
all i got out of this video was newegg is sucking up to you, simply because they get tons of money from you..and they do not want you to post video's of how sorry they are as a company ?!. i currently have a BBB complaint open on them as i type this.
Wait they said some shit about wrong inventory sold as open box. But what about the fucking Thermal Pate ? What about the lying to customer insisting it's customer damage ?
I still don't plan to use them.  They are the only company that has a Boycott in this household and it's been that way for years.  I really have to give you props for taking this on though.  Just the emails and calls you have to make to get anywhere with them,,, it's a nightmare.  I just gave up.  I really hope they listen and make changes for their consumers.  Good luck and I'll definitely be watching to see how this turns out.
Normally I'd be willing to help Newegg repair their bent reputation, but unfortunately it looks like the damage was caused by the user :^)
I worked for Asus Motherboard support in 2011/2012 and had a not insignificant number of customers complaining about socket damage with even an Asus RMA. I knew NewEgg had a similar policy and always avoided open box motherboards because my guess was they always had bent pins. I am sad to have "been right" about this for 10 years.
Ahahaha these birds. They are drones by Newegg!!!
Can you go after Overclockers and Scan continuing to sell 3070-3090 cards at scalper prices?
"HONK, HONK, HONK!" - 4:37 "Quiet on set!" - Tech Jesus to some birds.
neweggs problem is CHINESE ownershit.. FFS..
I think that they have forget what might seem like nothing to them might be a lot to someone else.
Lol @ the Canada geese interlude. The meanest Canadians you'll ever meet
atleast in the neths we got Megekko (great funny company), Alternate (kinda big in western europe), amazon (its everywhere!!) and a couple other sites, a good healthy market of overpriced computer components =P
I love that shitty PR response, We are committed and changed our internal process blahblhablah.. basically you stole money and now you're sorry you stole money? Not good enough, this is going to be interesting. Still not shopping with newegg, anyone that bullies people out of their money like they have done is a piece of shit in my book, don't matter if this boils over and they change, I don't forgive so easily.
good luck bud.
I don't comment a lot. But I just want to say thanks far all that you are doing. Keep it up.
Honestly, huge respect for looking out for the little guy Gamer's Nexus. This is what journalism is meant to be. As long as NewEgg is willing to change we can forgive, but greed should NEVER EVER be the sole purpose of ANY company and this is proof of why.
I'd recommend purchases to made with a credit card. If a company is shady or won't refund you. Call the card and ask for a charge back.
Steve, my concern is that Newegg is having you meet with their "PR" Director so he can spin their response rather than have an honest conversation about this situation.  Because everyone knows PR people love to spin stories.  I hope you also get to meet with a senio Newegg operations director and actually find out what happened, why it happened and how or if Newegg plans to correct their operation.  Have a safe trip Steve and "Thank You"!  PS, is that a pic of Steffani Farmer?  She's a FOX!
I love that you said at least our audience. I’m sure 90% of your followers to include to other 10% follow someone in the tech community and to me they all are talking about this and are all hoping for a good outcome.
TECH JESUS
Nah. Newegg has been shit for years. They haven't changed for years and never intended to change. I've stayed away from newegg and the company I currently work at has also blacklisted newegg.  While it is healthy to have competition. It is not healthy to keep a company like newegg around.
Fyi I just got best buy to price match my 12600k with micro centers price at $249. The 12700k Is also the cheapest at micro center.
Hearing their response full of lies, it sounds like someone getting teary eyed during an apology in which they lie in their defense and then get cussed out for it. This BS will tear them down to nothing, ending up like Tiger Direct and such.
LOL.. After you made a video about this and put it online, newegg suddenly 'already' had a process to fix such issues, quite interesting. 😅️
Wow. The impact you guys are making on this is  quite unbelievable.   Good on you guys for standing up for the people and your principles.  And thank you.
Steve (GN), Your efforts are greatly appreciated in this endeavor for some corporate sincerity.  I believe we will see a lot of corporate rhetoric being thrown around.    Corpos bein Corpos ;)
Director of Public Relations and "Honest and transparent" don't really go hand in hand.  He's going to be their corporate spin meister.  I imagine he'll tell you whatever you want to hear to placate you and get some positive PR out there.  As for the problem... it's probably not a policy (look for them to say something like "This is NOT our official policy...  we would never send out broken parts like this... bla bla bla."  What you will probably have is pressure from the top to reduce RMA costs and loss.  The pressure was probably so intense that the only way to meet any goals was to screw the customers.  Of course that's the optimistic take on this.  They might just be evil bastards willing to screw anybody for an extra buck.  Either way, thanks for looking under the rock and seeing what crawls out.  I'll be interested to see if we can buy from NewEgg again or if we slap a total ban on the slimey buggers.
It seems that new egg doesn't understand the definition of "isolated." Quite frankly if they have the records to contact the people who have been previously affected, these incidents aren't isolated. If there's more than one of them it's not isolated.
Goodjob steve
You already know how this meeting will go. You read the "We are truly sorry" pamphlet and you will meet with the PR guy. What do you expect other than more excuses and attempts to downplay the mismanagement and give it a positive spin? If the REALLY meant it and REALLY are sorry and did not know their RMA department effed up that hard, they would phrase it differently. They would say: Yes, we checked that and found out those people made a lot of mistakes. This was not a few customers, it was hundreds and thousands that were called liars and did not get the refund or the product they deserved. We made some hard decisions and let go a lot of people in that department, especially the whole upper management that let this happen. We know this will not really make things better for those we wronged, but we also will check all RMAs of the past two years and when in doubt refund the customers. Again, we are sorry and will work on making our customers happy for which we employed new people that will inspect every item thoroughly and make appropriate documentation. While most customers are honest people, some are not and we would like to be sure those do not impact our business negatively. In the end, we need to be sure to keep the costs down and get you the best price you can get."  Something like that. Instead you get some legalese that neither confirms nor excludes any errors made by one side...or the other...or an unknown third party and would like to possibly think about some kind of apology-esk phrases, that might or might not constitute real regret of some actions employees or unknown third parties or the users themselves have taken concerning some products that were or were not in their possession during that time or before or later or at any time at all...or not. We hope this satisfies you. Now buy stuff again.  If you enter a discussion with the PR guy, you will get nowhere. He has neither the knowledge, nor the wish to explain anything. His job is to spin it for the company. Nothing else. Ana make sure they cannot get sued. Hence, this will be like talking with Chinese diplomats about Taiwan.
i think with them willing to meet with you that they are open for changing for the better.
"please fuck off while we wait for this whole thing to blow over" - Newegg.    That is their best plan, is to just go quiet and wait and hope the story loses steam.
Microcenter does do online orders and shipping.
"Quit on set", that was too funny. Thank you for challenging New Egg and good luck. Have a great day.
I don’t think we should be harping on the fact it happened I’m sure you have had Amazon and many other company’s make the same mistakes but all handled it much more professionally and you forgot because your problem was solved
Unfortunately, based on the legends of this issue, I don't believe it is limited to merely open box returns but all returns.
I would expect to see how their RMA department is run and what their exact process is. Anything less will just be pointless PR.
yo its gamer from steve nexus
Good shit bro
Lmfao, Newegg doesn't give a shit if they're sending their top PR person to deal with it, they're looking to talk their way through this the best way they can
You are the Oprah of tech news
This was really amazing Steve, and I find it really inspirational that you are willing to go out of your way to the company that is having problems, meet with them for an interview, and even offer to help them! You are an excellent Journalist Steve, and not only do you report on issues going on in the industry, but you are willing to help them solve their issues, so they can get back on course and start doing good for people again!  I knew there was a reason I loved You and your GN channel so much when I first found it last year; This is quality content, and I'm so proud of you.  Have a great trip! :)
The birds aren't real! They are spy drones! Newegg is in cahoots with the gov'ment!   /s
I buy the bulk of my PC and assortted electronics from B and H Photo and Video, great people and service
Newegg finally stepped on the landmine and screwed over someone with influence.
Can't wait to see Linus copy you guys and do the same thing. Seriously though, awesome work for the community. Keep it up!
Helping Newegg fix their problems? They dont need help. They just need to stop committing fraud. Plain and simple. There is absolutely no need for them to do it. They are a corporation. Just do a damn tax write-off for losses instead of trying to steal money from customers. Like Jim Carey said in Liar Liar ... "Quit breaking the law, asshole!".
You can't fix companies that all they care about is money.  They were forgoing fixing items for chump change 100 dollars just to go and make 500.....come on now.....you can't fix that lol
Newegg will 120% mess this up. I'm already grabbing my popcorn. 🍿
Steve, ask those mfers why we had to keep exploding power supplies if we wanted to keep the GPU in the bundle....hell aks why there are garbage bundles in the first place
Newegg is dogwater my next day shipping 2 day total estimate delivery on a 2400$ pc ended up being 3+ weeks and no one at support would help me and my pc was essentially lost that whole time
I'm buying puts. If you know, you know
you are really milking this
That meeting would be my worst nightmare. I absolutely hate trivial awkward situations.
"These were unintentional process errors and isolated incidents." It is their policy to refuse returns for damage and their RMA reps were instructed to ALWAYS ask if an open box item had any problems before starting an RMA. They would also specify that the product needed to be functional and they would ask if all the parts and box were present even if it was open box and all the parts weren't there in the first place (mine had bent pins, no box, and was missing the I/O shield). If ANY items were missing or there was damage or even if the product showed up DOA, they would refuse the return citing customer neglect. It happened to me several times before I finally gave up on Newegg. On top of all that, when I finally got a hold of someone who agreed to accept the RMA and inspect it for damage, they lost it at their facility after they signed for it and made me wait 3 weeks for their claim from the shipper before initiating a "one-time courtesy refund".
I want to know if Linus has something to say about this Newegg scandal
Somehow I believe a Lawyer from NewEgg will be there to meet you with a process server to present you with a legal suit.
The fact that its someone from the PR depth. rather than someone from management, suggests IRS just a stunt by New Egg, and thus is more of a fob off rather ran anything with serious intent. Frankly, I think they'rre taking you far a ride and playing the 'give-him-a-cookie-and-he'll-go-away' game.
I was wondering how long it would take the now Chinese owned company of newegg to start pulling this crap, oh well, I used to buy from them but that changes now, I should stopped sooner.
*Legolas voice* "ugh! ITS A SCOUT!"
Claiming a small number of customers is mighty bold given the amount of people who've come forward since, stating they've also had similar experiences.   It would be wise for NE to not only include the Director of PR, but also the Director of CX and possibly a Chief Returns Officer equivalent. PR is not going to know the processes behind the scenes that created this problem in the first place. They will only have knowledge based on whatever slim overview prep session he/she received internally.
As a member of the general public with no platform or following, thus no ability to enact change, I’d like to thank you guys for using your powers for good. Ethics and profit driven motives obviously have their place in business, but when a company becomes so big that they can basically do whatever they want to their customers with no repercussions, it’s great to see someone that does have a large enough following to be noticed to use that leverage for the benefit of the individuals.
I'm about to drop some serious bucks on a build. I realize that Newegg is the go to place for components. But it seems as if the company is becoming a bit lax and careless, when it comes to customer care and satisfaction. My trust is on the wane, when it comes to Newegg.
It's great to see GN take a stand against these types of interactions with a corporation. The reason for this is because, people should realize, GN isn't just standing up for themselves, they are actually representing all the people in the world that would do business with Newegg. This, I'm sure will force Newegg to change their policies. We owe you and the team a debt of gratitude. Thank you!
My take on the situation (though I don't know anything really):  Years ago the upper management of newegg embraced the stupid and trendy method "guys here's the formula of your performance metrics, we'll keep the people with highest numbers" (aka bosses don't do their job). Now the company has gone shit, gets whistleblown by the media and the next move will be "well, we identified misconducts in the lower management and we fired them."
If newegg was smart they would do what  domino’s Pizza did admit to having problems and showing change GN is giving them a great PR please to do this because if they implement some of GN qc recommendations and follow through GN will say good thing about them and with how much influence GN has they could get a competitive edge
"We have become aware that a very small number of returns" There is your answer. Anyone who has seen any chat platform with anything to do with this will know its not a "small number" of returns.  What they mean is  "we've been comitting mass fraud but we aren't going to admit it and are unlikely to stop any longer than we really have to to avoid getting our collars felt - screw you guys we're going home".
I personally have never had a problem with newegg, I would for sure attribute this to good luck. I have had issues with things i have ordered on amazon, broken items, wrong items, packages never arriving and i will say that they do have top notch customer service. Always fixed their mistakes no problem, which that should be whats expected of a company. i should not even have to commend them for doing the right thing.
Yeah, totally an isolated incident where you refuse to pay the manufacturer for a product repair because you tried to pass it off as a warranty, but then decided "never mind, we'll just use the old trick blaming the customer for the damage so it looks good on my TPS report and my manager gives me a gold star."  If they did this on just 1% of their rma's, it probably saves them millions of dollars so the risk/reward benefit is worth it to them.  It's one of those scenarios where there is a legal written policy that contradicts a verbal managerial policy to hit high pressure kpi metrics...happens all the time in razor narrow margin businesses
The "ONLY" reason they are doing this is because it's Gamers Nexus! They don't care, they will give you a generic "we're sorry," and empty promise of change to make this go-away. Say no to Newegg.
I think there is going to be an off camera moment where NewEgg will offer GN a ridiculous amount of "Can we be friends" money and GN will sell out. Besides, "it was only a "Small amount" of customers who were affected.
How the shipping box was never even opened, the fact it was previously sent to refurb, refused repair, and went direct to shelf as "open box" - and they _still_ wanted to play hardball without looking into it, is just infuriating. Scammy crap like this is why I always try to film my unboxings just in case cuz it's so easy to simply say "well it wasn't like that when we shipped it" and leave you pissing in the wind... Newegg is supposed to be better than this.
I'd never even heard of newegg before all this. They're not THAT big.
I have no confidence that they're sending in a PR rep. Their whole job is to take the heat and make the company look good. They have no power. And that says a lot. Newegg really should have sent someone with authority who can make change within the company. I have a feeling Newegg will not change after this. I'm so grateful GN is standing up for the consumer because we have been bent over for years with Newegg
Yeah that response was... really not good. I'm really curious about how this interview will go. I feel like there's no way the PR guy is gonna have good responses for any of this, and even if they start doing better for a month after "revising their RMA process", it'll be back to usual not long after, until they send you another fucked motherboard or something.  I hope you brought the motherboard just to be extremely clear about how bad this situation is.
Man, Principled Technologies...I remember that.  That whole bit of shenanigans is where I found you in the first place and subbed.  Here's to hoping this all works out!  Though the "mixup" really sounds...disingenuous given how callous they've been about trying to fix the issues...
"Small number of customers affected." Like, not much better than the crazy excuse "I only had a small number of affairs..." excuse I literally heard on Youtube a few weeks ago from a blogger who got caught. Hahaha...
4:35 I have never seen anyone yell at the Canadian cobra-chiken and live to tell the tale. If this doesn't demonstrate the power Steve has, I dont know what will.
Newegg in full panic mode
I've been having a lot of luck sourcing parts from Best Buy lately. A fan favorite among the PC community is price matching with MicroCenter. Hopefully they can continue to improve and fully break the market and change it into an Oligopoly.
Honestly, whatever NEWEGG says at this point I DON’T CARE. Again, if you weren’t a giant tech channel, you would NOT have NEWEGG come back to you and try to fix what is a PR nightmare for them. The saying goes “Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.” I don’t give second chances to companies. They f up.
HEY NEWEGG .... This time it ISNT going to blow over unless you make it right with major policy-change.
Something doesn't sit right with me that hundreds of people reached out to Newegg's customer service and were essentially told to "screw off" and that they were "wrong", with Newegg likely not even looking into anyone's cases. And only AFTER people like LTT and Gamers Nexus called them out on this do they suddenly "care about everyone's experience". And the worst part is that they're sending a PR Representative and not a top Executive. It'll be interesting how they plan to get themselves out of this predicament.
I feel like I had this happen to me. I bought an Open Box MoBo 2 years ago, and it was DoA. Didn't get an RMA, and had to go to Bestbuy to buy a brand new board.
NERD FIGHT!!!!!!  I love this! Hold Newegg's feet to the fire!
Newegg knew exactly what they've been doing to customers. Companies always put out these BS Excuse Letters and it is supposed to just fix everything, lolol. One of the reasons I never buy from Newegg. Never.
Execute is the keyword here
is he actually touching grass?
Can't hardly wait Steve, go get `em!
This is EXTREMELY valuable work you are doing for the community as a whole and we all benefit from this public pressure you are putting on them to be better!  Thank you so much.
That is why I love Gamer Nexus.  You guys rock.  Take it to them and put them in the hot seat.  I have been using Newegg for well over a decade, probably closer to 2 decades.  I agree with you I dont want to just use Amazon.  If they step up this will change my buying in the future, if they do not I will not be using them.
It's almost like Steve has combed his hair lol
I see Newegg's stock went up a little bit today so you not doing much damage and it's business as usual.
I am in the same boat, have spent thousands of dollars at Newegg as an individual customer since 2002. Really unfortunate to see the way this company has evolved. Thanks for the objective content on this ongoing situation... I'll be watching closely to decide if I will ever buy from them again.
Youtube has really upped their drama game in 2022!
Even if you completely believe Newegg's story that a damaged motherboard was accidentally sent to a customer (Steve) in error, that doesn't explain why when Steve returned the motherboard they claimed to have inspected it and found pin damage on the motherboard, yet during the same inspection they somehow missed the giant sticker on the motherboard saying that Newegg themselves had RMA'd the board months ago for pin damage.
time for a CNBC like open box order-athon
About 100+ years ago muckraking was in vogue.  This is the best muckraking series in years.
I remember I shared the video they did about the motherboard thing on their comment sections.
Confidence is low that Newegg will fix their blunders.
Honestly, I would get as many people together and class-action or something to make them at least somewhat honest. But...high powered-attorneys, techs etc are gonna flip it their way.
I can’t thank you guys enough for using your platform to help ALL of us regarding our online purchases via New Egg and your willingness to discuss with them what kind of policies they can implement to make them a company I would start to use again if they turn things around. Many KUDOS to you guys.
Hell yeah!!
i started using canadacomputers because nuck fewegg :)
I am so beyond happy that out of every person this could have happened to, it happened to GN. Something is finally going to change with Newegg!!! (Hopefully…..)
Newegg customer since 2000. Have spent easily over 100k these past 22 years at Newegg. While I've never been scammed as Bret and Steve have, I've certainly seen a steady decline in what was once stellar customer service. Communication is not what it used to be and having to push / fight for the "right thing" to be done is something I never had to do with Newegg in the past. For me, this worrying culture shift in how Newegg treated it's customers started sometime not too long after Newegg was bought out by Chinese Investor Liaison Interactive. New owners / management who clearly only value the bottom line and maximum return on quarterly dividends for it's shareholders. Newegg is "just another" holding for Liaison Interactive, and they will do no more for customers than they are forced to do.What makes all of this even more disgusting is the fact profits / demand have never been higher in the PC product sphere for distributors,  this is when Newegg takes screwing over it's customers with very shady business practices into overdrive. The massive outpouring of similar stories of other customers beingt screwed over by Newegg tells us all this is FAR from a few unfortunate one off bad experiences they would try and lead us to naively believe. The GPU crisis has only accelerated the declining customer service culture at Newegg. Sales these days are driven by product availability, good customer service / experiences are clearly of little (if any) "genuine" concern to Newegg. Until supply and thus choice is a thing again in the PC parts world, I fully expect Newegg to pay only "lip service" to customer service doing as little as they feel they can get away with until the market once again forces them to compete.
Please be certain to ask them about the 'Shuffle' bundles with the value added exploding power supplies.
Newegg went south while ago.  Let it die.  They don't deserve to be in a retail business.  They need to suffer the pain of liquidating assets, letting go a lot of employees, etc.  They also need to learn a lesson that dishonesty and shady business practices will get punished eventually.
the statement they put out positively reeks of ass covering and performative action, no mea culpa, no responsibility taken, just "a few people had a hard time"
Lets hope the PR guy knows some shit idd have preferred it if newer send the CEO. I mean that's legit CEO level problems..
THIS is a PRIME example of why GN makes such an positive impact on the whole community and industry
Please don't be as easy on them as you were with PT. You never mentioned PT disabling cores in that interview, among some other things.  Newegg is a giant, please be as straightforward as you can. Uphold that GN advice you gave during the MSI exposed video "fuck the business, you lose a company to work with there are others" That is, if Newegg gives you no sign of changing.
Pretty simple, they're not going to admit anything besides a "small number of process orders incorrectly handled". Any more and they risk a class action. Don't believe anything they say. Nothing they say will bring me back as a customer. Just walk away from the abuse, quit enabling this behavior.
Whoa when's the meeting I'm gonna get the popcorn ready time for some spicy drama!!!
😅🤣😂 it's a scouting mission... lol.
There's still Adorama, Antonline, TigerDirect, bestbuy and B&H Photo...
They blame it on an inventory mix-up in the warehouse but this has been going on for years. They ripped me off 6 years ago when I tried to RMA some memory chips and they treated me like I was a criminal trying to steal from them. I'll never trust this company again.
Oh man! Can you imagine being the person picked to meet with Steve over this stuff!! 🤯  oooh that guys gotta hate his life right now
bought some coasters :) i really appreciate the work you guys do
you should buy things in incognito from now on and see if they change...
Tech Jesus doing miracles !
You guys really are the forgotten weapons or inrangetv of the pc community, super detailed and never afraid to call out a company.
God bless Tech Jesus.
*If someone uses a credit card, there's always a "dispute". I don't know the whole story, but to take trips out of state* ?????????
11:09 Sponsored by FedEx
Newegg fraud update brought to you by 'Be Quiet'.  Kinda haunting, really.
Since you're saying you don't want to only order at Amazon, have you considered Gamestop? They don't operate in my country so I can't shop with them myself, but I heard they have PC equipment these days as well.
Ofc they think your problem is the only type of problem. They won’t change. The core is rotten.
"human errors" will be one of their sole answer to this mess. They will improve the inspection process be their second. After that, business as usual.
Do your interview live!
Small numbers…..my issue happened a few years ago.  Newegg public relations bullshit
Wow! Great work, GN team. Exposing newegg’s poor business practices, with the goal of making them improve. If they do fix this, and QI their shipped products, we all win. You deserve a consumer advocacy award, GN. Really impressive work!
GN doing the people's work! 👏👏👏
1:27 That casual Steam Deck flex tho.
Already deleted the Newegg app and marked their emails as spam. I'm done with the way they treat me and others. Cheers to the GN team for your astute reporting and advocating for the MANY customers who they have screwed over and denied good or fair service. They have fallen from grace and regardless of what Steve and the crew are doing, they need to repair at least hundreds of longtime customer relationships. Here's hoping but need lots of proof before I send any money to them ever again.
Has Newegg restarted will call again?  That's one way to get what you order in good condition.
Great video Steve.  I look forward to see how NewEgg fixes this (or not).
Shop elsewhere - thats it, not boycott NewEgg for a period of time just shop elsewhere. Any company that DELIBERATELY does what they were doing have only stopped it because Steve exposed it, they will try and recoup that loss somewhere else. It is utterly unbelievable that this was all some process glitch/misunderstanding, what about the people who had video of their unboxing to prove innocence and NewEgg still stonewalled them? 100% deliberate
Check their stock prices...  Just let them die really. They have been slowly killing their business through the last few years - and they are doing some shady AF shit. Just ... F them. Like seriously if you buy from them you can't complain from now on because you have been warned!    I mean... Picking a random video to just prove my point: Search for "Newegg Tried To Bribe Me To Not Make This Video" on Youtube from UFD Tech.    They are scumbags! Stop supporting them!
GN is our emissary, a representative for all gamers and tech nerds.  Thanks Steve, back to you.
It seems Steve is also aware that birds are just drones. Now all of GN is gonna start being spied on by them.
Plot twist: Steve made this video to tell hundreds of thousands of people where he's going in case if he isn't heard from again because he gets RMA'ed and then without being fixed gets stuffed into a box and shipped to someone for $500.
Hey Newegg, I expect you to show up at noon at the OK coral. Bring friends,if you have any. Steve, GN
You should look at Newegg's TRUSTPILOT rating (like Metacritic, but for retailers and businesses).  For comparison, other computer retailers (CCL, Ebuyer, Scan, Novatech, Aria - admittedly not all available to the U.S.) currently have aggregated review ratings averaging 4.3 to 4.8 out of 5.  Newegg has an average rating of 1.4.  That's not recent review-bombing, that's been the case for a long while.  I'm frankly shocked that this has gone unspoken for as long as it has. "Customer satisfaction and integrity are" most definitely NOT "at the core of [their] business".
Based on newegg's corporate history of late and the fact they are sending the head of PR to meet with you, I will not be holding my breath...
that PR talk doesnt make sense at all. Its like if they tried to adapt whatever template they had to somehow fit the situation but the end results is completely disparate with the reality both for your purchase and for the people who have been complaining. For example, the issue isnt just "oups we sold a defective board". The issue is "customer reached out to us, we have the means to check if the board was already damaged, but choose not to and call the customer a liar". I guess there is no PR template that covers "malicious scam in business got revealed by several independent customers.pdf".
Customers definitlely lose if Amazon becomes the only computer hardware supplier. Newegg and Bestbuy are the only others that I've bought hardware from in the past. Oh, and Tigerdirect, but that was many years ago. It's nice to give Newegg a chance, but without a major overhaul of the suits that are running the company, I don't see them getting much better.
Quiet on set!
I like that you don't back off, you remain skeptical and keep digging. A lot of people in your shoes would have been silenced by now with an unlimited gift card or a nice dinner and some strippers, but your motivations are pure and that's good to see.
New Egg, like many Monopolies posing as a Free Marking Company, is gripped with GREEDY PROFITS and that sickness runs DEEP. They've been shady for years now. Like you said, decades ago New Egg broke into the market with Reasonable, many times BELOW Reasonable, pricing and EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE. I used to buy almost exclusively from them, not that I'd buy often but a few times a year is something, and EVERY SINGLE BUYING DECISION I made, back then, at least INCLUDED New Egg. Today the ONLY reason I visit them is for Info ONLY. Many times they will have Product Reviews that no one else has.  Many times they have info on listings no longer for sale and as I research used items New Egg still seems to have the listing; probably due to incompetency of REMOVING SAID LISTING but I digress. More and More New Egg started doing shady things as time lingers on casting doubt to foster. I'd buy something labeled NEW, from their listing, and as soon as I'd unbox it get the feeling that I'm NOT the first one opening this box. First thing I'd do is double check the sale to make sure it didn't say OPEN BOX; as I've been ripped off many times so I refuse to buy Open Box. Sure enough the listing was NEW, yet the finger prints on the inside say that this is in fact an OPEN BOX. But since it was ONLY finger prints, and everything else seemed to be there, I just kept that info in the back of my mind for my next purchase. Today, 15 Feb 2022, I don't even bother with New Egg anymore. Granted as I buy used/new off of eBay many times New Egg will be sponsored or provide a listing and I've learned to check to see who I'm buying from before adding it to the cart.   I'm shopping eBay and New Egg gets in the mix that's not the same as INCLUDING/STARTING AT New Egg as I've done previously. I'd go to New Egg first to see what they had to offer than research the net to see if I could find a better deal and many times I couldn't. Since many companies are now Monopolies it's becoming more and more difficult to find Reasonable Prices. The PC market is no longer FREE but rather it's become MONOPOLIZED with companies working in COLLUSION Rather than Competition. One Monopoly may be cheaper in price but cost triple in shipping or take weeks longer to ship. Micro Centers are Monopolies because tell me of another PC Store that you can visit these days and there's almost NONE. Sure maybe a few local Mom and Pop Shops but they aren't COMPETITION as they will cost almost double. Back in the day there used to be a PC Store on every BLOCK damn near.   Who remembers stores CompUSA, Radio Shack, Good Guys, Gateway (thank God they closed), plus many others too numerous to list here. Sure kid yourself thinking OFFICE DEPOT/MAX is a PC Store; they're an Office Supply Store that sells a few PC Parts not the same. Best Buy is sort of a PC Store but not really, they just have a tiny PC Section AND they are also part of the PROBLEM. Just because a Store sells a few PC Components does not MAKE them a PC Store; it makes them a wannabe PC Store. Radio Shack sold a variety of items to include some exclusive PC items, Tandy 1000 ring any bells??? Hell they sold all the parts you could practically build your own PC way back when and all you really had to know what how to solder; ok maybe a bit more but that used to be an OPTION that is NO MORE. Today all these Monopolies are doing is DRIVING UP COSTS and WE THE FUKING STUPID continue to PAY.  It is costing less and less to produce CPU/GPU Chips yet the price keeps INCREASING DRASTICALLY because you FUKTARDS CONTINUE TO BUY. You want to see reasonable pricing of GPUs to return? You want to see reasonable pricing for EVERYTHING to return? STOP BUYING EVERYTHING. Stop buying Memory, MBs, CPUs, GPUs, keyboards, mice, WHAT THE FUK EVER, just STOP BUYING EVERYTHING in within 6 months pricing will drop 80 to 90% or more. Decades ago CPUs used to contain actual GOLD that could be harvested but CPUs these day contain less than a FRACTION of Gold yet they cost 10 times as much. Why is that? GREED is the ONLY ANSWER as to WHY. Don't take my word Google Intel, AMD, nVidia Year Profits and SEE with your own EYES. Intel used to be @62%, or more, Profit Margin. Do the math, in short if it's 62% that means a CPU costing 1,000 USD had a profit of 620 USD. Profit, BTW, is everything above actual cost of doing business so if Intel sold that same CPU costing 1,000 USD for 380 USD they'd still make profit just not 62% worth of profit. NO PC PART should cost over 500 USD. Average PC Parts should be less than 100 USD. But there's no profit in selling something for 100 USD when you can get fuking IDIOTS to pay 6,000 for the SAME THING and again I DIGRESS.   WE THE PEOPLE need to TAKE CONTROL of our SPENDING. The 12900K, the number 1 ranked CPU, is only 46% Faster than the 4th Gen i7 4790K, yet costs 3 times as much. Who in their RIGHT MIND would pay for something that cost 3 times as much for something that is LESS THAN 50% FASTER??? Why YOU, the fuking IDIOT, will gladly PAY that because you THINK you're getting a GOOD DEAL. You think this because you now get 150 FPS when you were getting 120 FPS, like the extra 30 FPS makes you a God or something, is going to actually make a difference. That's how fuking STUPID YOU ARE and IGNORANT. Seriously STOP BUYING EVERYTHING and pricing will DROP, that is a FACT; which also happens to be my own PERSONAL OPINION. The only way to CURE GREED is to STOP FEEDING IT. If you DON'T BUY Monopolies PANIC and start dropping prices until you do; but DON'T FALL FOR THAT. Wait for PRICING TO REALLY DROP. Now 10 or 20 of you have stopped buying, myself included, and Intel is now back to some 49 to 52% profit as of 1st quarter 2022 when they used enjoy over 62%. Of course most of you have not read this for but if you did thanks...
Had a similar experience with a mobo. Sent it to me, the pci-e slots were all bad and causing problems. They requested I send in every single thing I had ordered along with the mobo aka the whole pc. I had to raise hell and escalate over and over to get anything done and it still took them over 3 months to do anything. Luckily I bought a mobo from amazon in the mean time and it worked perfectly...
Their letter was almost all BS. They didn't care about the customer until you made videos on it. If we all had 1.58M subscribers then they might think twice about getting so lax. But alas they only care when they get caught. Most companies don't have the luxury of someone like GN calling them out and giving them a swift kick in the pants. They should be grateful that you pushed on them. Every penny they increase in sales from this point forward, (if they play their cards right) should be shared with GN as royalties for saving their a$$e$.
BREAKNG NEWS: Gamer Nexus takes over Newwgg management to fix the Company!!! INVEST INVEST INVEST
GameStop sells computer hardware online.
The Egg needs to revamp ALL of the open box procedures and polices, NOT just CPU and Mobos.. As I mentioned on  the original story I had a very bad, yet lucky open box on a 3K monitor, so please focus on the entire open-box process and it would be nice if they make it more clear you are actually getting a open-box item, vs new.   Give them hell Steve.
I know there is concern about Amazon being the only pc parts retailer but I'm wondering why you don't talk about B&H? I know they are primarily a photo store but they sell extensive pc equipment at competitive pricing. My Lian Li dynamic xl was $30 cheaper there than everyone else was offering for example. They don't carry everything but they carry a lot of products. Please give them a look and a shout out if you have any positive experience with them. I have several and would be happy to provide details about both their products and customer service. Thanks
I got scammed by Newegg recently too. Recently I purchased a mouse and received a cancellation notice from Newegg. I checked with my credit card and a pending refund was showing. I then ordered another mouse. Newegg ended up charging my card and sending the mouse that was supposedly out of stock. Just poor communication. No email or phone call stating that the item would be sent or not. A complete waste of my time and I will not be purchasing anything from them again.
If Newegg is confused about how this will go I'll keep it simple. i had no problem with gigabyte, but after that psu thing and how they reacted, i will never buy anything from them again. If this PR guy constantly trys to dodge and spin every question, i also wont buy anything from Newegg anymore.
teaser
steve can you test the HAF 700 EVO?
The egg bombers are coming. Duck!!°°°
Was hoping for an interview with CEO Fred Chang, but that is maybe for the second meeting.
its going to be the usual " thanks for brining this to our attention bla bla bla bullshit "
They burned me and I closed my account. They broke Californian law, cancelled the sale and tried to force me to use the local page and spend a hell of a lot more than I would on the US site. There was no issue with the sale, they were just being greedy. I was trying to buy a VR headset and newegg decided they wanted to rip me off.. so now they get nothing from me. Newegg, not even once.
Very interested in seeing how this goes, thank you for what you do!
Nice, a duel.
It’s too little too late. RIP Newegg. They used to be awesome back when Meritline, Mwave, Shop4Tech and it were all within miles of each other.
Thanks
Thank you for using your platform and directly causing (some) reform in Newegg's previously evil policies. Keep it up GN!
Sad this was necessary, glad Steve and the rest of GN is there to handle it!
I blame the fact they became a publicly traded company as opposed to being a privately held company in the past
After screwing over you guys and ufd tech and hearing of the other issues. I will no longer buy from Newegg.
Can't wait to see the update, however, I am always skeptical when a company sends "a person" on behalf of their company to speak for everyone. It's like.....this guy you will talk to, of course is probably super well versed in public engagement and will say exactly what needs to be said in order to tarnish their reputation as little as possible. I feel like only time will tell. Just remember, New Egg sells computer parts for one reason, and its not to make pc enthusiasts happy. It's so a select few at the top can live a dream life and never worry about money again. Meanwhile, everyone else can barely afford rent
THE HONKING WILL CONTINUE UNTIL RMA ROUTINES HAVE IMPROVED!
Eric Wein has been there less than two months. Ouch.
Please talk to them about bringing back some better shipping methods
I wonder if this will actually change anything.
4:37 Actually Steve, that was Newegg.ca reps heading down south before you get there. I hope their honks are genuine
Boo-hoo, poor you, having the difficulties of receiving potential for new content, how noble of you to investigate FOR US that very interesting topic, right?
This is a greenscreen btw. Someone is just using a paper fan for effects.
"We deeply appreciate the feedback and advice we receive..." This sentence right here shows they are full of crap, and just releasing canned responses. Do customers really need to give "feedback" and "advice" to not blatantly lie and try to screw them out of money?
Steve goes to the meeting, is never heard from again.
Thank you for doing this Steve. I'd love to hear a response to their shady practices. I wonder how much money they have made over the years of denying RMAs.
The PR guy is already moisturizing his butt kissing lips.
you just earnt my eternal respect
Dagon shame they let things go so bad for so long it took getting called out in an entertainment platform before they work up a nd paid attation to what their customers have been complaining about for yeats.
Wish someone would ask them about the gpu selling prices went very high from them and their 3rd party sellers and selling in package deals at least let us pick what item we want to add...not force us to pick a u wanted item
@newegg define small number.... It may be sensitive but it would be interesting to hear actual numbers on rma's/complaints vs total sales.. I imagine as a % the number does not look high, though actual number is still significant.
Companies forgot at some point that PR spin mumbo jumbo does not go over with the customers as well as "hey, we know we screwed up, we're working on X Y and Z to fix it".
they sound like they're just spewing out legaleze. Hit them in the pockets
Good luck GN and I hope this yields good results.  What newegg did was certainly scummy and scammy and they need to change their ways and be held accountable for their actions.  Looking forward to the followup.
Nope. I can't imagine what they can say or do at this point for me to try climbing back into that dumpster fire. They can put the fire out, they can clean the debris out of the dumpster, they can sandblast and repaint, but in the end it's still a dumpster and I'm not throwing my money in it.
thank you.
It has affected "a small amount of customers".. Yeah, i dont know about that..
Ya this isn't a hit piece.. Maybe they really are blind sided by this. It would really only take a couple clowns in RMA and a manager to screw this up. I don't FULLY believe what I just said.. only that. If they are in good faith coming to this meeting I am interested in what they have to say. Let we not forget what they Say is worthless without actual action.
50 bucks if you nail steffani, giggity
cool
I would say they need to get an RMA officer or whatever into the conversation.  Or you need to, at any rate. Maybe get paul out there?
15 years ago I was replacing a Graphic card. I found one on new egg with a rebate. The very last review gave it 1 star for a very specific problem. Bought it anyhow. Graphic card came in a clearly opened package. I installed it just incase it worked. The exact unique problem the very last review had stated was my problem. Returned for new one but rebate time was expired. Won't buy new either!
Who puts their photo in their email signature? Seriously.
I'm thinking the betting lines are skewed towards Newegg saying all the right things and maybe even trying them for a bit , until it really starts to affect the bottom line.  Then they'll goback to screwing people over.
As a Canadian, I apologise on behalf of our belligerent birds.
I'm grateful that I can buy stuff from micro center although I live in Pakistan 😂
You might not have realized it, but caught something on film that is sort of special.    I live in the part of California you were shooting in (most likely anyway, looked like just north of my neck of the woods).  Those geese flying by are a twice a year phenomena indicating the changing of the seasons (flying north in the Spring and south in the Autumn).  Normally they would be flying through in March at earliest, but with the freakishly warm weather we've had this Winter, they are way ahead of schedule.
Signs of desperation. Are they gonna have an honest discussion with the countless scammed customers? Didn't think so. I commend you guys for having the mental capacity to put up with further corporate bs. They are talking only cuz they got caught and are called out on being lying scum.
*Laughs* Yeah...that is why I stopped using them. They have yet to reach out to me...just saying... (edit: reworded the laugh to be less crass)
Tech Jesus is the right ambassador to represent us.
Gamestop has computer hardware for sale as well.
I'm sure you won't, but don't let them slide by on just explaining away the shipping of an Open Box item that was mislabeled -- whether New or e-Waste.  That is what they are addressing in their "response", but that is not the issue at all.   You did not complain you received an Open Box item you did not expect (though that was true).  You did not complain you were sent something non-functional.  That is not what the vast majority of customers with issues are complaining about.  Even if that was the case, that absolutely is something that can happen accidentally.  That would be perfectly explainable -- at least as long as the frequency wasn't terrible.  The problem is what happened after you sent the item back.  And an item, clearly marked as eWaste by the OEM, was determined to be broken by the customer.   That is not an honest mistake.
Hell yea expose these frauds. They sent me a motherboard with bent pins a couple months ago and I had to spend hours on the phone just to get store credit back....
Realistically Newegg would never admit anything other than "it was an error" - anything else would paint them in a negative light. The fact that you're out there, bringing light to this and trying to hold companies like them accountable - so that they aren't systematically screwing over customers - is absolutely fantastic! Thank you!
The quality of products from NuevoHuevo have really gone downhill since they started allowing 3rd party sellers.  I also noticed the small print Open Box change that I'm sure many would miss that seemed very shady.  I'd bought 10's of thousands from them over the years and as much as I hate it have had to start buying from Amazon with having to pay close attention to where products are shipping from there as well.   Just a mess everywhere, I want New Egg of old to come back.
Newegg is charging more for a gpu bought on the shuffle than eBay…
Look at them dancing when they're suddenly losing hundreds if not thousands of customers not just few select individuals who were impacted.  Good going Steve! Show them that they're not above morality and laws!
This is one of the best pieces you have ever done in my opinion. We all appreciate the work you’re doing. This hits close to home for me. I’ve been screwed by Newegg.
good one 👍 more competition with good practices is always a win for customers.... IF Newegg returns into a customer oriented supplier again....
I terminated my NewEgg account today.   I was a customer for 11 years.
Newegg won't get my business back, that went out of the window around the time that they became a marketplace
It's like when you marry a virgin, but she's an "open boxed" one judging by her socket.
Anybody ever ask themselves... "When has a company 'error' ever favored the customer?"    Exactly...
Make or break moment for Newegg. They need to admit they were wrong and not just chalk it up to a few returns! This has happened to more than just a few returns!
And this is why Gamers Nexus is the premium review channel to watch to get unbiased reviews. They go above and beyond to make sure the end user doesn't get taken advantage of. Cudos to Steve and his team.
This is like when Gandalf went to see Saruman to discuss the One Ring. Don't drink or eat anything they give ya.
Props to you for getting all up in their faces! But I'm honestly afraid all of this will amount to as much change in behaviour as the Secret Shopper series. And director of PR? People usually get to that position because they're very good *talkers*.
I would love to hear if anyone actually got contacted from Newegg.....Bueller?!
10 years ago (but same Chinese Newegg owners) I ordered 3 open box mobos in a row from Newegg.  I paid overnight shipping for all of them.  About $200 in shipping alone.   All 3 boards were dead.  Newegg made me pay return shipping on all of them, then pay overnight shipping for a new order.  All in all, about $500 in shipping charges for 3 dead boards, and I had a pissed off customer waiting on me.   As a small business owner I had spent $39,000 with Newegg in the 4 years prior.  To be treated so poorly was astonishing and I literally haven’t bought anything with Newegg since.
Goose drones flying in formation! New Egg Intel!
All of this has been coming for a while. The past few years, especially due to scalping and mining, buying and returning new and used PC components has been a complete nightmare for many.
I believe you said your creating "a sound studio"?? I would be curious when you can if (a sound card) is a viable add on to a PC these days...
Newegg said this only affected a small amount of customers with RMAs.  Without evidence that this is/was a larger issue, it's just finger wagging. What Newegg said in the news release was basically your typical apology for dropping the ball on a few RMAs. This same issue happens at Amazon, BestBuy and any other retailers. Newegg will never say they were scamming customers and unfortunately there's no hard evidence to support that claim.
2:19 -- NewEgg can never go back to the "Awesome Buying Experience" it had. Because it was sold out to a nameless faceless Chineese corp.
I haven't ordered from Newegg in over 5 years because of them screwing me in the past. If you actually get them to show proof of fixing things I might actually start ordering from them again.
I might cut Newegg the slightest bit of slack considering this is an open-box item and I guess something like this could fall through the cracks with a few lazy or incompetent employees. I don't cut them any slack for their customer service (before finding out it was on YouTube), however. But, biggest of kudos to you guys at GN for going above and beyond to not only give NE a chance to explain itself but to also further inform your viewers. THIS is why you're one of the best.
Even if new egg gets there shit together I was burned out 1000 bucks opening a open box motherboard, GPU, and case and all of them came to my door destroyed.
4:35 Remember the part of LotR when the birds fly over the fellowship in the mountains? "SPIES!"
I can't see this going well for Newegg. Their statement is complete BS. There are just too many points of complete incompetence required for it be believable that this could be an accident.
Watch out Newegg, Steve is sharp.
Hey Steve, I think it would make sense to have both GN and Brent from UFD Tech meet with Newegg... Brent has some really strong comments on his channel regarding his dealings with Newegg... Thoughts?
You should try to get them to let you film their return evaluation process...along the same lines as the factory tours you've done.  I for one would be interested in seeing it.  How exactly DOES Newegg re-evaluate returned products?  What kind of testing and examination do they actually do?  What kind of records do they keep?  If they have a good process, or have made process changes, give them a chance to show it off!
I bet money that Newegg will tell you what you want to hear and make zero changes other than trying to be more sneaky and get away with robbing it's customers. These big companies don't change and they don't care about you. They only care about 1 thing which is money.
hahaha "a small number" - this is not going to age well
Thanks for letting us know. I will be boycotting Newegg from now on.
Be prepared for some SOP from their director of public relations trying to side step your questions.
Tech retailers need to change their mentality that they would never be at fault, to them it's always the customer that messed up. There are countless cases where customers were truthfully screwed over cause "retailers would never make a mistake", and "if you can't prove it, then we can't help you". Load of BS that needs to stop immediately and have them accountable for their BS decisions.
Can you request that they use straightforward, clear and concise language when they meet with you? This lofty PR language of "Customer satisfaction and integrity are at the core of our business" just sounds so disingenuous after all the stuff that they were just exposed for doing. If they really want to get the public back on their side, they can't just give some BS politician-style speech and expect us to believe them.  They need to honestly own up to their mismanagement, stop referring to it as an isolated incident (because we all know that is not the case) and actually start doing better.
God damn that statement was frustrated. Stop minimizing it!  Fucking accept responsibility, don't accept responsibility while telling us how not bad it was that's fucking abuser tactics.  Jfc Newegg, get your shit together, acting like a fucking adult isn't hard.
I legitimately enjoy the way you have filmed commentary outside. It’s much more personal, as it could be anywhere those trees or landscapes are found. The real life background made me feel like I had just met you randomly. This is what tech news needs
Between Gamers Nexus, Linus Tech Tips, Paul's Hardware, UFD Tech, JaysTwoCents, that covers millions of PC enthusiasts. If they don't spend money to fix these problems, their done. I would hate to see Newegg go but I don't want to get ripped off. Amazon is almost too forgiving when it comes to issues (I got two RAM sets because they screwed up and said to keep them both) And yeah, go ahead, sell open-box but have someone inspect it, even if it is just a visual inspection and take a picture and include an 'inspected by sticker' on the product. If they have to, hire more 'inspectors'. Better to do that than loos customers. Then, they should invite GN and maybe Paul (Paul's Hardware) for a tour of their operation.
Steve is really milking this. I thought this was going to be the actual meeting.
Make them prove they've actually reached out to a "small" number of consumers that have been negatively impacted by their crappy return policies
Steve, you should have brought the MTB with you and hit some trails while you're here. Mt. Wilson has some amazing trails.
Southern Cali.... ew
Not only is this controversy the first time I actually changed my behavior as a consumer, it's also the first time I've followed any controversy this closely. If I had a similar issue I wouldn't have the extra capital to finish my build for another year, and I was all ready to buy a completely updated system within the month. I wonder how many people similarly stressed by Covid are more concerned with these types of customer service issues/stonewalling then they normally would be.
Steve is like the William Wallace of the tech war!! Braveheart!
1:53 nail on the head
This is what true journalism looks like. Pure integrity from Steve and the crew at GN - holding companies to the same standards as they hold themselves, while not looking for fake drama and click bait. Kudos for giving companies like Newegg a chance for explanation and redemption with an opportunity for an honest conversation in good faith, all the while holding their feet to the flames for the obvious PR spin doctoring. It's a rare and welcome thing to see these days.
I personally think you need to calm down. Just like the best of anything in this world, for alot of good company's, they do well most of the time and mess up on occasion (much like yourself).  Your going waaaay too overboard with this and personally I find it very disstateful.
This is why i love you guys. For the ppl. Thank you for fighting for the little guy like me
I support this initiative of restoring Newegg to its previous status of a respected seller. We do not need Amazon as the only reseller for ANYTHING. Competition is good and one juggernaut is not. It is great to see that someone is at least attempting to keep companies honest. Thanks for continuously making waves and being on the side of the consumer and make things better for all of us.   One thing Newegg needs to be reminded of how long us nerds hold grudges against companies we have perceived wronged us and how hard it is to regain that good will back when said wrongs have been mishandled so poorly.
Ends up LOVELY PR for NewEgg. Something smells fishy here ... Negative PR is always THE best one, same time talking about FEW cases where they F-d up out of millions. Admitted to see challenge vs Amazon, sry, but for me it looks like a WELL PAID PR ! Tell me now my IQ is below 60 :D
i have had way to many inexplicable issues with NewEgg, i dont see a situation where buy from them again. has nothing to do with your experience.
That Gamer Nexus jacket is dapper! Do you guys have any anti-static mat on stock or backorder?
I'm kind of concerned about Steffani's face being shown in this video going out to millions of disgruntled Newegg customers. I know Gamers Nexus does not condone harassment at all, but the reality is that a lot of people in this world are crazy/stupid and will go against GN's wishes anyway (especially if a woman is involved). I really hope Steffani doesn't end up with undo harm over this  . . .
My question is has Newegg contacted any customers yet and how did it go. These words are very empty without action.  I think you need to ensure any "Open Box" merchandise is fully tested and warrantied. Opened box means taken out of box not used.
It's a shame they are only sending their PR person. To me, that doesn't sufficiently communicate that they're taking this seriously enough, while in their minds they want to be sure they put the best public face on this as possible.
Let's hear from some customers that been impacted that they so called contacting
Savage geese.
Newegg, send an operations manager and RMA manager, sending your PR person is BS
Also birds are not real
I wish I could meet you to take a picture with you. You're my hero man and I've learned so much about PC building by channels like yours. I'm from Coachella but wouldn't mind driving out just for a picture. Anyways, cheers and welcome to Socal! (It's hot down here haha)
It's great to ( unfortunately) see that even professional sites like yours received dud items and is able to speak on our behalf  Unfortunately it takes people like yourself for Companies to take notice because we all know we the consumer don't mean anything to companies   TO BE CONTINUED  ...
I used to buy everything computer based from GPU's to cables from newegg, I lost faith in them when they started doing a gpu shuffle and seemed a little sketchy.  Side note if your in SoCal I would recommend trying some local Mexican food as its the best in the USA.
There should be a Steve in every type of business you could think of.
Why isn't the CEO involved. Why all the little people
I don't know who the original list of people you wanted to meet with was, but the fact they're having their PR director meet with you instead sounds like you're just going to get a lot of ass covering double speak and answers like "I can't speak into how that department operates but I can assure you Newegg takes it's commitment to customer satisfaction seriously."
There being shady af and trying to cover it up sorry doesn’t help those who got screwed over by those scumbags
Thank you for this.
The "QUIET ON SET" was unexpected and made me laugh.
Why the closest micro center is in Georgia for us in NC is crazy to me
Whatever they will promise you or say they will do, they are actually not going to, or sort of at most. All they're doing is damage control, nothing more, they will do bare minimum and stay as shady as they can get away with... Btw. I want to see that director get asked about UFD Tech case where newegg didn't commit to contract on charity giveaway and didn't give the prize to the winner...
This is monumental
apparently newegg thinks any press is good press. that only works if you arent screwing over the end user with shady practices, honestly i dont think its even neweggs fault they use to be great, till they were bought by their new parent company.  lets see how this plays out atleast they are meeting they could of just ran and hide so theyre atleast taking babysteps in the right direction.
This story just gets better and better. Thanks for making noise on this the exact way you have. First taking the position of a regular customer to expose them and they using your power to try and change things, that's honestly commendable.
The year of disappointment is starting off with a blast!
Thanks for being a voice for the voiceless! Well done GM!
Now they should fix every rma t b ey denied in the past 2 years
I'm not going to say that Newegg was in the right in all of this. They weren't right in denying people without proper explanation, and they weren't right in selling broken products. But to their credit, they likely have a far, FAR larger customer base than we sometimes give them credit for, and for every negative story we hear about them, there are probably 25+ positive stories that stay silent. So to say that it is a "small" number of customers is probably not farfetched.
As long as you are talking to New Egg(on your face). Remember to bring up the Gigabyte power supply problem (bundle) and the sponsor problem. Please see below video(s). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aACtT_rzToI&ab_channel=GamersNexus https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM&ab_channel=UFDTech
I'd say it's a bunch of policies designed to exploit/scam the customers but structured in such a way so that corporate can say "it's just a mixup!" or some other PR answer when shit hits the fan.
They were canadian geese sent by LMG to give support.
I'm 100% sure Newegg wouldn't have bothered if anybody else complained. The average consumer would never get this kind of treatment/attention.  Only because GN has a huge presence online & among the PC hardware community that they are worried. They're desperately using their PR people to do damage control right now. It's very doubtful that they would actually implement policy changes and increase costs.
Please, please, please keep us updated though I know you will. I've been a long time supporter of newegg since back in 2006 or so. And although I haven't had the problems others have, hearing this has seriously questioned my loyalty to them and hurts my view of how they stand as a company. I hope they see the error of their policies and strive to be a better company. No one should have to deal with what they have from a company that's so big and supposedly reputable as them. They competed with TigerDirect and knocked them out of contention so there aren't many places to go here in the US. Amazon and NewEgg are the best priced but shopping NewEgg was much easier than Amazon. Unless they change, it looks like I'll have to start getting used to Amazon.
With all these billionaires that is American why can't they start their own computer parts retailer. Why buy from the Chinese directly
When all of this blows over, I want to see a "GN Undercover" episode checking if they've actually improved at all.
Honestly once Newegg started focusing on items well beyond computers is when I noticed their quality of care/service went downhill.  Now they sell automotive parts. . . . like replacement car parts.  I think they need to refocus on what made them who they are rather than stretching to thinks that make no sense for the business.
100% newegg spy geese. #BirdsArentReal
man you got to think, say they do this to a thousand people at items that are around 300 to possibly 600ish dollars thats 300k-600k that they get and i imagine thats a low ball too
Legend
Insist on a meeting with the manager in charge of RMA, not PR.  They're already positioning themselves to avoid any accountability.
Fuck, you did do it. What is thy bidding thy master.
Big corporations are indulging in more and more, and they have ordinary people for nothing.
I’ve been a customer of Newegg for years. I appreciate you questioning and holding them accountable. I want them to succeed, so we continue to have a place to purchase computer hardware.
Whats probably happening is the people at the top are too busy bleeding off money wherever they can because they know newegg is dying a slow death so are therefore neglecting the important things like TRAINING STAFF and will continue to try hard to hide the money until they announce the company is going into liquidation
Round two, FIGHT!!!
I really don't care what someone from PR has to say.  Its not just this instance that had me drop Newegg from any purchases.  The bundling with crap products.  The marketing emails even after I disabled it on their site preferences.  Standing behind customers when you get screwed over by vendors on their storefront....or the lack thereof.    The company is crap and I'm not happy about it.  I too want someone to compete again Amazon, but acting like this to pad the bottom line is not how you do it.  Newegg you can and should be better than this.
NewEgg knows, they don't care as long as they maximize profit.  Being honest isn't profitable. So they're focusing on optics.  That's what you'll get.
That quote only shows that they were aware of the the returns issue before you, either intentional or unintentional. I believe them even less now. Damage is done now what are they going to do.
I'm sorry but it's shady Chinese business practices and ethics... Option #1: wouldn't be surprised if you meet with notes of defensiveness, blaming and excuses. (Much like we have seen with the CCP in China). This type of business practice is not going to fly in North America... Option #2: Newegg has had ample time to prepare a slick aerodynamic and convincing response. I only hope Steve has enough Spidy-sense to see through it.
Man the UK is quite lucky. We have several online retailers such that I almost never have to buy from amazon anymore.
Newegg certainly used to be awesome.  But I knew it was inevitable it would become terrible.  A few years ago, Newegg became a publicly traded company.  That virtually guarantees that a company will become a total shitshow.  Due to how publicly traded companies work, every one is guaranteed to become a terrible place for employees and a terrible place for customers.  That is true even IF everyone who works at the company is 100% committed to making it a great place to work and a great place for their customers.  This is what happens:  Shortly after the company goes public, the CEO gets a phonecall from Goldman Sachs (or some other investment bank but its usually Goldman).  They say something like 'you are projected to grow 3.4% next quarter.  It needs to be 3.5%.'  The CEO knows the only way to get that extra .1% is to do something which would sabotage the long-term survival of the company and make it more terrible, like cutting staff, cutting wages, raising prices, cutting corners on QA, etc, so they push back.  The bank responds 'we, across our holdings and funds, hold a large percentage of your stock.  If you do NOT make those changes and get that extra .1%, we will dump your stock, causing it to crash and bankrupting your company.'  They are faced with a simple choice, either get nuked tomorrow, or die slowly over the years, getting slightly more terrible every 90 days, just to keep Goldman's knife off their neck.
I bought a brand new GIGABYTE Z390 AORUS PRO from Newegg. I ended up not needing it and when I sent it back, all of a sudden it had a "bent pin". Newegg sent a picture as "proof" and refused to refund me. In return I received the shittiest motherboard I've ever laid eyes on. Definitely not the pristine box with everything still in plastic that I sent back originally. I'm positive they sent me back an old RMA board and resold mine. I only wish I recorded my chat logs because when I look at the return in my order history, there is basically no information whatsoever.
Can we not completely destroy the only computer parts supplier in the USA?
Living in Germany I can certainly say that I've never had any issues with Newegg so far! 🤭 Anyways, thanks GN for this, I often feel that influencers have become too detached from the real social world in pursuit of their goals on the often not so social media platforms. You make this place much better. Furthermore my wife wants to add that Steve has nice hair so that's a plus as well.
Sounds like normal corporate speak, using a lot of words that eventually add up to nothing.
Thanks for being honest and open about this whole thing. Keep up the honest and amazing content!
I would 10000% sub to “News Nexus” with challenging and informative journalism on any topics.   “Cars Nexus”  “Planes Nexus”   You name it. This is the type of news citizens want .   GN y’all are fantastic for the tech industry
NewEgg sucks. Don't buy their shit.
I'm not sure if Paul from Paul's hardware lives in the area still but with his unique perspective and past experience with NewEgg from the RMA side, it would be interesting to see him included in the video as well acting as a sorta 3rd party moderator capable of calling bullshit over this PR guys talk if necessary.  Somebody being able to say "No you in fact did not previously do that, and that's a lie" or "Previous processes and procedures in place already covered these gaps and yet they were removed and you chose to lie instead, and still haven't addressed the actual TREATMENT OF YOUR AFFECTED CUSTOMERS, Why?". Would be an invaluable resource in helping find the truth, reading the actual sentiment, and determining whether the proposed changes will actually even matter.
Thank you for following-up on this, can't wait to see the meeting w Newegg
Could you do a quality check on CLX gaming computers?
One question I would really like to know the answer to.... If they appreciated the feedback of each customer and cared about their experiences, why did it take a guy with a platform to initiate a response? If they really cared, they would have looked at the complaints as a whole, and noticed a pattern. This is just damage control now, they know they have been rumbled and are trying to play the "we're sorry, we didn't know" card. Don't go easy on them Steve, give them what they deserve.
Corsair 5000T review? Nope! Cooler Master HAF 700 EVO? Forget about it! We've got this Newegg drama to milk.
you should visit frank n sons while you in CA, its closeby to newegg if you like collectables and anime. free entry
"Small number of customers"   that's all it is, everyone can go home now /s
If they really cared about customers they wouldn't hold a daily lottery for the chance to buy over priced merchandise in forced bundles. Market is flooded with more EVGA cards because they did a waiting list. Newegg should have done the same. This would have allowed the more in demand models to show up better, letting manufactures know where to focus production. And the returning the whole bundle B.S. is crap too. If I have an issue with my washing machine, I wouldn't be expected to bring my dryer in for service.
Canadian Geese... LTT surveillance drones. 🧐
Geese do not fuck around. Be careful.
Stay safe, Steve & crew. Nuf said.
Great to see you hold their balls to the fire, it's a shame that it takes someone with a platform to get anything accomplished. It would be great if there was a way you could keep on them and make sure they abide by what they "say" they are going to do to fix it. I'm sure they will try to give you a few coffee mugs and shirts to make you happy and hope all of it goes away like a fart in the wind.
I saw that they tried to make the rounds with apologies and 'enacting new policies' from PC Gamer. So it seems like you guys are doing God's work by ousting these tech distributors scams. And I THANK YOU for it. Building PCs is a hobby of mine, and I don't know much about what I'm doing (I'm learning as I go) and though I haven't gotten a problem from Newegg, I do TONs of purchases through them. And while I haven't gotten a problem yet, I am now close inspecting EVERY package I get from them. Please, continue to man the wall, and defend us against the new wave of business practices they're swindling us with
I got some parts for my latest build from B&H, Best Buy, Adorama, and Corsair directly. So it’s not necessarily just Newegg and Amazon out there.
THANK YOU FOR TELLING THE TRUTH... I PURCHASED MORE COMPONENTS FROM NEW EGG THAN AMAZON... WAITING FOR YOUR FINAL JUDGEMENT.... P.S. GET A HAIRCUT....
I have a feeling that his will not end well for Newegg. The interview will probably be with someone who knows how to deflect every question and repeat the same responses they made public. Let's hope this is not the case. They seem to be burying their own grave.
Newegg improve things... like more bundles and scalpers
I have been a long time Newegg customer as well.  Thanks again for your efforts to get this issued coverage. The question: could these issues be the result of the IPO back in May 2021? With public shareholders, policies and attitudes could have changed.
What I like about GN is that it's actual journalism. They get views and revenue by covering (and discovering) actual news in the industry instead of sensationalising trivia and hearsay, and that is exactly the kind of content we should support. Good on you GN
You guys did an UNDER COVER BOSS to NewEgg.
Yep, still don't trust Newegg one bit.  At this point it will take years of commitment to fixing their catastrophic issues before I consider buying from them again.
Newegg is chinese owned communism is at play.
Awesome work Gamers Nexus!!
I don't care what NewEgg has to say, or lie about. I'm not shopping with them anymore cause they did the same thing to me, they damaged a board I sent back, they bent the socket pins and blamed me so they didn't have to take it back and give me my money back. The weird behavior you are speaking of is the company clearly hires people that have no idea what they're doing, they damage product and so they don't get fired they say it's customer damage.
Man, now I gotta subscribe. You're doing such good work for the people here. One of the great things that YouTube has done is gotten non-corporate types the platform they need to thrive.  Inb4 YouTube starts blocking videos like this one because other corporations tell them to.
Standard corporate, "we're doing everything we can" without directly accepting fault. Really frustrating.  I'd like to know how many of these items were "accidentally" sold according to their internal records
But newegg is shít... no one cares about their customers, only profits. I wish I had a mirco center
Dude… Steve’s hair is F*cking long
I have never been more happy to have not one, but TWO Micro Centers within an hour of me, with one only being 10 minutes away--so I never have to deal with crap like this.
Firstly, of course they're putting their PR rep there. Ugh. The person who has ZERO ABILITIES TO MAKE DECISIONS. All they can do is talk their way around a subject. Secondly, their statement lacked the understanding that they've been crapping on customers for years now and are only doing something when someone big brings it up. I can't stand that.
Their response does not convince me yet. You were shipped something that was labelled as unfix-able with a traceable history of it being label as such before you ordered it. Just bad form all around on their end.
Great stuff!!  Just finished ordering from your store!
I greatly appreciate your reasoning for doing this and for emphasising it. Personally, I'm not opposed to monopolies, provided that it's a worker-owned coop, with intense public oversight.  However the direction late-stage Capitalism's taking us is the worst of all worlds.  Privatised profits, socialised expenses, secrecy & centralisation.
They’re ONLY being nice and commutative because of the cameras and huge audience this channel has. If it were any other little guy they’d tell em to F off. I still won’t trust Newegg no matter what happens after the fact
Accidents do happen, but the consistency of everyday, several times a day isn’t possible if your business is structured properly. So to summarise, New egg is either completely incompetent or full of it.
I'm lucky. I have access to two MicroCenter where I can visually look at the box (at the very least).  They still have a used-car vibe where every sales guy wants to put his or her commission sticker on the products.  But it's an option.  But I can't believe NewEgg is this incompetent at best, and this nefarious at worst.
I am looking forward to seeing this and watching the video a few times a select few customers have gotten bad stuff that seems like hundreds of fun thousands of people that are getting the wrong stuff and if they say they know what is getting sent out then they should be able to contact all these people right now and say hey you got a bad motherboard let's get your money back but doesn't sound like that's the case I hope it's a good meeting man because like you a lot of people use Newegg and I've been using it since I was a kid too 20 years at least over 20 years good luck sir
Please bring up the UFD Tech issues as well!!!!
Sounds like smoke and mirrors.
Very cool guys. Thanks for doing all this.
Newegg recently shipped me a motherboard from china with ram slots that sounded like somebody poured sand in them and Bent cpu pins. The shipping they listed on their website was wrong and it took an extra month and a half to get to me. When I shipped the board back for rma. They denied my rma that was the end of the communication. I escalated with my bank and PayPal. Two days after that they emailed me back and gave me some of my money back after a fight. I hate how there isn’t really another great option besides Newegg and Amazon for PC parts it’s ashame
I hope for the best in your efforts, but please don't let them spin this into a "mistake"  THey say that this happened to as "small amount of people"  which is total BS, and we all know it. I personally believe that the scum tactics are totally ingrained into their policies (and I'm not referring to their "official" but the ones they allow by looking the other way, or condoning by inaction in oversight)  The follow up with UFD tech is telling. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ6LsloQ7K4    I think they will say anything in front of the camera, and then do what they want afterwards, hoping you give up. They are a one trick scum pony. I don't think they know how to be transparent, open, and honest anymore.  They got away with it for too long.
"Isolated incidents"..? Once it's plural, it's more a pattern of behaviour... 1 argument with a customer for asking for an extra shot in your coffee shop is an isolated incident, arguing with everyone that asks for an extra shot is a patter of behaviour. I could never work in PR, far too honest. If you need to spin it, you were doing it wrong to begin with.
Just stop screwing over your customers egg, and this kind of shit wont fly up in your faces. It's hard to tell how many of us have began to buy from Amazon and other available outlets.
So is Gamers Nexus "all the Kings horses, and all the king's men" and can they put "Humpty Dumpty" New Egg back together again? an eggcellent video. Make sure you are hard boiled with them, no treading on egg shells with the interview.
Some suggestions for questions:  1. Why did nobody listen to you while you tried to talk to customer service? 2. Why did nobody call you back when they said they would, or email back within the days they said they would?  3. What processes will be made to implement better warehouse management of repairs and returns? 4. Will your staff receive better training in customer communication and proper repair?  5. Why WAS THE BOX opened like that....? 6. When selling open box - is there any validation done beforehand before shipping? One look at this board before shipping would have been enough.  7. Who should eat the cost for the socket repair? Did the initial customer that returned the broken board lose their money? Was the board supposed to be repaired and resold? Was it supposed to be binned after the repair option was rejected? 8. After shipping a faulty open box product - should newegg eat the cost of repairing / replacing the product instead? If you fuck up in QA, what is the level of quality of service customers should expect from newegg?  9. How does it feel to be on the Luke 6 month ban?  10. Why did you ship dangerous PSUs with your package deals with expensive GPUs? Do you regret selling fire hazzards? 11. Why does newegg not ship to the EU? Are you afraid of EU return policies? 12. Why did it take youtube drama to change your ways? Are you now going to review your processes and perform mystery guest operations on yourself to fix the issues?  13. When can we check if you have implemented all these changes?  14. Okay, last question: As a media communications VP - do you have any say in the affected processes in your company? Should I be interviewing your CEO or Service Head VP?
Do Best(not really) Buy next!
Really excited to see what they have to say one way or another. Also super appreciate you using your platform to help stand up for the little guy who would never have been able to make this all happen.
Ah! Talk about being left in suspense! Will GrantTheftEgg make things right, or continue charting New'er depths of low, scamming people they view as no more than fleshy wallets, and functionally committing theft? Stay tuned!
PR directors are clowns. Their sole purpose is to give you non-committal lip service designed to placate idiots.
U should check the newegg located in richmondhill, ontario, canada. The reviews are in flame. Lots of ppl got screwed.  LOTS.
What an insane development this has been, between you and UFDTech it's been a lot to digest, but I am here for it. I think I speak for everyone here when I say you are fighting the good fight that us peons can't come close to reaching. Thank you and I look forward to the follow-up videos ASAP.
weird seeing Canadian Geese in the states lol
the way they handled your case was a clear scam, there is not talks abt how it was just an error for a small amount of people .. THEY HAD THE FKIN STICKER ON IT FROM THEIR OWN RMA SHOWING THE DAMAGES ... and tried to make you accountable for those damages that happened last year from a different customer .. this is outright scam and there is no talking it good , in no way
You need to pay ur audio guy more money...🤯 perfection. I can never film outside even with a lav but dam.
I have been watching GN but have not clicked subscribe button. Now I think I should click the button for they are appropriating this sick platform (if not the entire market) grinding maximum profit while ignored basic customer care. It seems to me that too much money flows around component market (since gpu price boom) and people in the industry lost their decency.
GN has become the proper outlet of journalistic integrity in consumer rights and market accountability. You are the CBC MarketPlace of computer tech, doing proper investigations and holding companies to account for shady business pracs. Keep up the great work!
i'm curious as to what you think talking to them will do?  you aren't going to talk to anyone of merit, so it will most likely be "yea ma'am" answers.  i am 100 pct sure no policy will or has changed. everything they sent you in their response is milk toast. the person they send will do their best to spin it like "come on man, we are the good guys"  and that will be that.... i hope im 100 pct wrong but i am very confident i am not. i will never buy from newegg
Newegg: "And I would have gotten away with it too if it wasn't for that meddling Gamers Nexus!"
Quiet on set!!! Bro 😂😂
I returned a thinkpad to newegg (since they shipped the wrong one) last year and never got it processed correctly. They recieved it apparently months later. Never got a response to tickets, never got my almost 400 dollars back.  yea idk man :/
Thank you for the top-tier journalism, GN.
you are doing an outright justice right now. this is what internet was made for. thanks brother
While it's great they are trying or seems like it to improve things, what really irks me is that it took you guys for them to make changes ... Instead of running internal audits, to improve and just be a decent company in general :/
Is he OUTSIDE??
"Made aware of a small number of" ... Is probably my least favorite PR speak. Apple does this too. It tries to frame a genuine problem as being insignificant, implying the people who complain about it are blowing the issue out of proportion. It's an unnecessary qualifier when you can just say "we screwed up, sorry, we'll fix it"
Oof it must have hurt to try to not make fun of when they say "small number of customers".
GME is a retailer of computer hardware stevo
Steve, you said it was important to do this, presumably to give them a fair chance. How many of their ripped off customers were afforded that privilege?
When will companies learn not to fuck with Tech Jesus? Bruh is ruthless
Screw NewEgg they are Owned by China - Over 8 Million people worldwide have Died from the CHINA VIRUS !
They better fix it. My stock is hurting. Lol
Fuck newegg
The schadenfreude I've gotten from all this has got to be illegal at these levels. After they screwed me years ago I've been wishing something like this would happen.
How many "isolated" incidents occur before they're no longer isolated? We expected PR spin. I would NEVER shop from them again.
Love the geese
This may be heresy but I actually buy my computer hardware from Best Buy. Even though they've had a bad image over the years, every time I've gone in there they've price matched to Amazon listings or MSRP listings on product websites and if they don't have it in stock they will order things for you where you can pick up in store and avoid shipping costs. You can also do things like test fit builds and if the employees know you (which some of them do now) they will let you take stuff out of boxes and try it out. Sometimes getting a hands on feel for something is better than saving 10$ ordering it for somewhere else. Also it has much better return policy than Newegg
Newegg has to ask themselves "Is this where you wanna be when Tech Jesus comes?"
GG tech Jesus great job
i think that you are walking in a death trap :P
You got a problem with Canadian geese, you got a problem with me, and I suggest you let thay marinate bud!
I appreciate that Amazon can't be the only game in town. I agree with that. Thank you for amplifying their issues. Hoping for positive changes.
Thank you Tech Jesus for using your amplified voice to speak up for us. I really wish there were more people willing to go head to head with the big boys just because it's the right thing to do. You guys are very much appreciated.
Newegg sold me a DOA Xbox One S and when I contacted them about it, I was told that they don’t accept returns on opened electronics. They also told me that I would have to contact Microsoft for a warranty claim. After an hour of back and forth, I finally threatened to charge it back with Amex and they instantly issued me an RMA and a full refund.   If you’re having problems with Newegg, just threaten to dispute the charge with your credit card.
Games Nexus ---- You are a beacon of hope, please dont cave to NewEggs shiny offerings. Don't let the little guy down...
Apparently NewEgg has 235 employees who really didn't like this video...
Their response is complete BS. They have no excuse to have received the board back, checked the board carefully enough to identify the pins were damaged, but happen to miss a sticker that covers a large proportion of the board that clearly details the damage way before it was sent to you and shows that it is the responsibility of Newegg. After seeing this sticker which proves the damage was not caused by you they made a conscious decision to withhold your money anyway. There is no "process error" that can explain this. This was a fully intentional decision and about as clear an example of a con you can get.   You telling me the individual who checked the board who was qualified enough to determine there was socket damage upon return wasn't qualified enough to spot the massive label on the front covering the pci slots.   Think about it. When they receive the board back they don't know if it is damaged or not at this stage. All they know is that the board has come back from the customer (In this case GN) shortly after being initially shipped out. So naturally the retailer would check to make sure the box is unopened for a start, then if it has been opened is it the same item that was sent out by checking serial numbers etc... After this you would then check for damage to ensure it is in working order for resale. At this point the massive label didn't give it away? Yet the label is ignored and the individual checking this decides to check the socket?   You are having a laugh right? I work in a very very similar field. Their response is about as shady as their practices.
Well at least we know where they all get there new eggs from, darn geese
Once again, GN making a positive impact on the PC hardware industry.
I didn't think California had any green bits
it took tech jesus to put them on blast
( 4:40 ) Spy confirmed!
Lmfao that geese part was amazing
You better tel them your flight number they going to jenni Rivera you my man stay safe
really cool content your delivering us I personally hope new egg get back to customer the customer first mantra they seem to have been all about in the past competition in sales is almost as important as competition in the hardware its self safe trip fellas
*four points* 1. THANKS STEVE!  2. I 100% believe people at NEWEGG were ripping customers off.  3. It's hard to believe upper management isn't aware of the OBVIOUS problems in which case it's hard to believe they aren't involved. 4. Hopefully, Newegg follows through on fixing these issues even if it's "only" to address customer relations.
Honestly, I would have way more respect for Newegg is they allowed for all customer issues to be resolved by a wild-west style duel.
Just remember the come backs: "You did not answer the question." and "No, that is not what I asked what I asked/meant was: <insert>."
It'll be interesting to hear what they have to say. When I first got into PC building, I almost exclusively used newegg and had great experiences with them. After a few years though, their customer service seemed to be going down hill. Then, a few years ago, I bought a Logitech g29 wheel from them. I made sure it was shipped and sold by Newegg as I always did. It was faulty, so I RMAd. Newegg rejected it saying, “Newegg does not sell this product.” It’s literally there on their website, and on the invoice from them and was shipped to me by them. I sent it back in the box it came in with everything intact as it came. Eventually they agreed to except the return after some back and forth emails with a manager, but they still continued to claim they didn’t sell the item. I've never purchased anything from Newegg since.
One of the major problems with Newegg is that they stopped being an independent company, and went the 3rd party route.
Well done for dropping everything to pursue this. I can see from your point of view of why go to the bother of testing all this computer hardware if people can't then trust the companies selling said hardware to literally deliver the (working) product.
4:43 Maybe those geese left a....... *New egg* before they flew off, so you might be right Steve! lol
A very small number, where did I heard that before...
What sorcery is this,  Steve are you being rendered via the Steam Deck outdoor sandbox omnipotent Valve portal architecture?
Good for you ... maybe Newegg wont scam you again ... but if you dont have a platform on youtube they will scam you again and again
Newegg isn't what it used to be for system builders.   I've purchased parts for dozens of people and PCs there as well as have built several gaming rigs over 20+ years.  I've probably spent in the neighborhood of  $40k easily.   Newegg has sold to me then  sent to me opened box items as new items several times,  and has sent me broken parts that i could tell had been opened and returned,  tieing me up in their return process.   I always got my broken parts and issues resolved by newegg which is important to mention but i had to go at them.   To receive an item that's been monkey hand handled by someone else delivered to you as new having paid $2k~ for it for example erodes consumer confidence in online shopping in general.  Edit:  I had to edit this because of a situation with Newegg involving a referral of mine which occurred a month ago.   My son's best friend,  an honest kid I've watched grow up over the last 17 years,  watched me and my son / his friend work with every PC part you can image while growing up.  At christmas the kid spent $1700 at newegg on his very first dedicated gaming rig.  The PC delivered to him had a dead PSU crushing the kid's spirit.  I recall his mother screaming at newegg reps about a replacement,  which arrived 14 days later and booted up without issue.
I would have gave them a pass but the denial of the $100 repair by them pretty much sums up what happened to me. There is a micro center 10 mins from my house here and I got to say, feels kind of like being a royalty at this point.
Newegg doesn't deserve to be a competitor to Amazon honestly. They have burned me multiple times and have done nothing to help resolve easy problems that I have had with them. My first problem was that they sold me a video card back several years ago that didn't output video, it came with a game voucher for some splinter cell game. I returned the card, my RMA was denied for not returning the voucher for the free game and since I tossed it into the trash, I was stuck with a dead card. The second way I got burned by Newegg was that my password got compromised (my fault) and somebody used my Newegg account to buy a $10 Xbox live Microsoft points card which was already redeemed. How did Newegg respond? By not refunding me and permanently closing my account of 10+ years and tens of thousands of dollars worth of invoices and told me I cannot use this email address with Newegg anymore. I wasn't even asking for a refund I just told them about what happened and this is what they do to me. They didn't offer MFA so yeah, Newegg just isn't near what they used to be back in the early 2010s and they will never be on that level again.
I really appreciate that his channel is more than just a tech channel and does real journalism and is trying to effect positive change.
eh at this point its just damage control...dont care what they have to say.  I'm staying away from them like I have for years
You are idols. Having a real impact on the world. Keep being awesome.
When Linus speaks, stocks rise and fall. Linus put at least a 6 month moratorium on Newegg sponsorship. It's nice for a YouTuber to be in the position to turn down a sponsor, but you shouldn't have to be a Linus or a Gamers Nexus, or an Austin or a Jay to get effing good service. I got hosed a couple of years ago on a return from one of Newegg's "merchants", accepted the return of the unopened package and yet no refund. Newegg says its not their problem, but Newegg also kept taking down my review. I used to spend 3-5K$ a year there and last year I think I spent $300 and only because I wanted to keep my Newegg credit line active for my credit report. Paul described a perfectly reasonable process for RMAs- so what happened after he left? There's no MicroCenter within 300 miles of me, which leaves Best Buy, Amazon, and Newegg. Only small dealer, god bless him, near me, and he has as hard a time getting stock as I do, but I buy there when I can. I had a pilgrimage planned for Atlanta to visit Fry's this year, well, guess that's out. Bought a printer from B&H and happy with that. WTF are we supposed to do?
I'm willing to bet they're more likely to try to get you to sign a contract to prevent more criticism than actually listen to what they can do better.
Lousy birds
Not gonna lie, GN , Steve, the whole team, this is Goat-level stuff that they are doing
I can buy the excuse that they accidentally sold defective returns as open box items, but there's no excusing the way the handled the RMA, the sticker saying Newegg sent it to manufacturer with bent pins is right on the board, unless the inspection specialist is illiterate, there's no justifiable reason to deny a refund.
"a small number of returns" LMAO
So blessed to live near a microcenter
Can't imagine being the PR director about to have a career altering interview lol
Can anyone else not take their eyes off of the giant gorgeous lock of hair draped over Steve’s right shoulder?
Newegg: "We're sorry"
It's critically important that Newegg acknowledge that their customer service also failed. It wasn't just that they "accidentally" sent you guys a defective product as open-box, but that they also wouldn't help UNTIL they found out you had a large following. If they only acknowledge half of the problem, it's still a problem for all of us without a platform. Kudos to you all for holding them accountable for the rest of us, too.
“This is not a duel in the wild west…” but nevertheless i’m taking my guns to be prepared… Just in case!!! Nicely done! Keep it up doing this amazing work for all of us!
T-shirt design idea: OLDEGG
4:50 r/birdsarentreal
When will corporations learn that in this day in age it really is best to just come forward admit mistake and move on. Like we know your a greedy money hungry corporation but just show a little heart and us public eat the shit up.
Yeah, back in the day, Newegg was the shit. Now, it appears they're just shit.
If this topic was a cow, I'd consider it well milked by now. Three videos and 2.5 million views over a $500 board, you should be paying _them_  ;-)  Nothing sells like outrage.
Nope!  Newegg isn't going to change so long as the same decision/policy makers are still there. They know it's them or Amazon and they are going to abuse that position.  Edit: The only reason they have even acknowledged this is because of who you are. They do not care about a regular customer, even if that customer has spent tens-of-thousands with their company over 10+ years.
I predict Newegg saying something like "Steve you don't understand you now have a product and can sell for profit, it's unique just like an NFT." Ps do not meet with someone in PR. Talk to the manager of the RMA department. Talk to the CFO.
Steve just wanted to make everyone jealous by showing him playing a Steam Deck on a plane 😂
Problem = Greed, you can not fix it, because the management is running it the way they want, this is all PR for damage control……
play ground 3 o'clock
Love this content. Hold these companies accountable Steve!
people say they dont want amazon or micro center to be the only places to get computer hardware. what about B&H? they seem to have products at a reasonable price. although i cant speak to past shady things they may have done so some education as to why B&H isnt brought up would be cool
I'd have to add this to the Amazon statement at the start of the video....I don't want Amazon to be a retailer at all.  They are one of the big evils of today's world, and I would really love to see a massive boycott against Amazon.  Don't buy through Amazon, avoid them like the plague they are.
11:07 Fed-ex plug
Good.
4:45 was the best part of this video. Lmao “it’s a scouting mission, it’s a scouting mission!!”
I remember years ago I bought a Lenovo yoga laptop, and thing was so shoddily designed and full of bloatware that it couldn't run web browsers out of the box. I returned it to them (new) and they told me that I'd damaged the keyboard, and they wouldn't refund it. When I asked them to send it back to me they refused. I sent them videos of the packaging and boxing process that I'd gone through and how it was undamaged, and they stopped responding to my emails.  I feel that these crappy customer service practices are endemic in the industry in general.
Steve, while I hugely amazed by your decency in giving Newegg a chance to talk to the public about this, they can't really openly admit to malicious practices as that would open them up to lawsuits and possibly criminal charges. The best you can really hope for is corporate language promising to change their practices in some open way. I suspect that they're in a bad place with their business due to competition from Amazon which is why they were doing this nonsense in the first place.
Their statement is a complete load of BS. utterly dishonest and deceptive. That preemptive JPEG has only made me hate them more.  I am super curious to see how this goes. The fact they’re having you meat with a corporate PR person makes me believe this interview will only embarrass and hurt their reputation further.  It would take something truly spectacular for me to ever buy anything from NewEgg again.
bless you
i just got a 3080 from the Newegg shuffle. The small sheet of bubble wrap in the package made me cringe.
Open a box, damage the product like a moron. Pack it back up and sell it online as an open box but effectively destroyed. Customer gets product and finds it's damaged. Claim it wasn't damaged when you shipped and that all your open box sales are 100% inspected and functional when they leave. Recover the loss from the damaged product and shaft one customer; After all the loss from that one product would take thousands in sales and thin profits to recover.  The problem with online sales and delivery is always in the level of trust required. Customers scamming businesses, businesses scamming customers.
Scan UK gang
Happy Valentines Day from GN.
New Egg is a repeat offender. That's a company that has their own culture. Changing a culture takes a lot of years and time. It's all a PR move.  Just like in Matrix Reloaded, "Goddamn Morpheus, you never gonna change. Shit  I'd do it to see what dead bolt do to you" 🤣😂
The people’s champ!
IF this was an accident there were three levels of failure that need to be addressed . 1 They sold a known damaged MB to an unsuspecting customer . 2 They denied the return of the still sealed box after inspecting the damaged item inside and overlooked the obvious RMA tag on it that would've revealed their original mistake with a little checking and avoided the second mistake altogether . 3 Customer Service absolutely would not listen to the customer . They basically blew him off repeatedly which is honestly the most unforgiveable failure . Highly doubtable that they will fix any of the causes of this fiasco as all three of these failures show an incredible lack of care about the customer . Are they going to somehow start caring where none exists ? I don't think so .
Can't wait for the interview. and glad you mentioned you will have at least a few hardball questions.
all of this over a motherboard?  I can almost guarantee someone messed up on installation, newegg accepted the rma didn't check it and resold it as open box. Who's to say the manufacture sent damage goods? Who's to say the customer messed up in installation? Who do you take sides with?  There is no true fix for this, we as consumers have to keep it honest and accept we messed up on installation and not find a way to blame the store stating they sent a faulty product. The fix i would have for any retailer for this specific product receive it, open it , check the pins, quick snap, seal it, repackage, and sell
1:27 Damn, what a troll of a flex! 🤣
Good luck Steve!  Maybe you can get them to lower the GPU prices too  😉
A return policy almost worse than Fry's Electronics'.
ABORT THE MISSION, THE ENEMY DUCK DRONES HAVE DISCOVERED YOUR LOCATION! ....STEVE? STEEEEEEEEVEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
So they have records of every customer they shipped ewaste to?
In my head, I'm seeing you guys standing outside the chocolate factory, and Mr. Wonka comes out to let you in.  I'm also picturing him screaming "You get NOTHING!"😃
Sure..... "Unintentional" and "very small number" or "isolated incident" Gaslighting at its best 😕  If a company wants to improve their customer service, the customer needs to come first. There aren't as many good examples of customer service as I would like, but they do exist. If a company truly wants to put the customer first in customer service, they should read up on what Zappos did back in the day. I have no clue about their current corporate culture, but the stories from early on are amazing. I remember one where they received a call to the customer support line and the person had a zero interest in shopping at Zappos. They wanted directions to a mall or another shoe store outlet, something like that. The customer service representative was happy to be their GPS for them. It was not about min-maxing call support time vs cost or charging someone for every little thing, it was about making the situation, for whoever called, better.
_"Quiet on set!"_  ...and I thought it was kinda weird when I yell at wildlife for being obnoxious. =Þ
Time to have a robust conversation
nice lol a public relations director. textbook corporate move.
Still seems shady. They did tell you that you damaged the socket. If we didn’t have a following like u we would be sol on the loss. Thanks for the help but I am not using Newegg anymore.
"Every customer is important (as long as they have a large Twitter or Youtube following)"
no matter how this turns out newegg has still lost me as a customer
I think that great what your doing you are absolutely right about needing competition between tech company's especially after best buy announced they are going to start putting high demand items behind pay walls.
Strong Duck Hunt vibes there Steve. Watch out or nintendo might dmca this video. 😉
Best of luck Steve.
MAD RESPECT to GN 🙌
Smoke can blow both ways.
Yeah the geese are like that this time of year around these parts. Going out of their way to be as annoying as fuck
Including the picture of the person replying to your emails is a little bit of a misstep, in my opinion, considering how many terrible people are out there. But overall looking forward to the response by Newegg.
i would hate to be this eric from newegg right about now.\
04:40 is actually the best part of this video
They call themselves Newegg, but they're selling an awful lot of Rotten Eggs.
this is like "new business" ... happend a very similar thing to me from a europe company !  Who is copy who ?
does anyone know what editing software gamers nexus use
i don't have faith in whatever they say. its damage control to spin the narrative. the only way to know if they improve or not is continuing to be a customer and sharing that experience...not something I would risk.
Their entire excuse of "error" and "mistake" kind of falls apart when you look at the fact that not ONLY did they sell a motherboard they KNEW was broken already.  They had someone take the box after Steve sent it back and "inspected" it prior to issuing a refund and claiming he had broken the motherboard and was not entitled to a refund.  So not only did they KNOWINGLY sell a broken product, they had at least one other employee lie and say that Steve broken it when they have an RMA sticker right there prominently on the motherboard with dates clearly predating Steve ordering the thing!  That is also not to mention that if they tried to RMA it themselves, they should have a record in their system somewhere that says that this SKU with this particular serial # is broken and we attempted to RMA it back to Gigabyte.  That's too many "mistakes" for me to believe this is anything but clear case of consumer fraud. Once you add to it all those other people who have sent E-Mails or commented on these videos or on Twitter with similar stories, this is not an "isolated incident", this is policy.
The Newegg geese lol
1:27 that's the dream. I wanna be travelling and playing with my steam deck some day.
Newegg are thieves. This is NOT the first time I have heard this story from MANY people. I wont trust newegg to buy anything from them anymore. They might as well change their name and start over.
They laid a rotten egg, and it smells. Time to clean up the mess their RMA policies and practices have caused. I didn't like that they are putting up their PR guy to take the heat and not one of their top execs. The larger question is, will they really change their system, or is this just meant to put out the fire? But you make a good point that we need more businesses that can compete with Amazon, and if they can improve, that will be a good thing. I don't think many of us trust Newegg at this point, but if they step up and correct their past practices, then perhaps I might consider buying from them again. Thanks, Steve, for following up on this story. You demonstrate the value of a free press.
I won't hold my breath. Having said that it's at least unexpected to hear them send such a message.
Been dealing them since I was a kid, they have changed and not for the best
You actually went out of your way to give them a shot at redemption. To me, that truly shows how much you want to see them succeed.
The actual employees are the people you need to meet with. Not the corporate assholes. The corporate assholes should be allowed to sit in and take notes.
PR's sole job is to make the company look good, even by putting lies or beautiful but meaningless words. Based on the fact that they choose the head of PR to meet with you, I'm pretty sure that nothing is going to change. They probably still think that this is a PR incident. They're not going to do anything to change their shady business practice.
" The Small amount of customers effected" I bet... How many people have they screwed over with this type of behavior. It looks like a decision made to save New Egg money by screwing over customers. Like you pointed out they hardly respond and unless you continue to fight they won't consider they did something wrong and just want to keep the money. Once or twice like they make it seem is living in denial. The decision to save the company money by screwing over the customer was most likely not made in error by a bad team of RMA workers but by leadership. I quit using New Egg years ago over a bad video card and I won't return to buy anything from them. I've had hope they would be replaced by a better option.
Realistically what do you expect to get out of such a conversation? It is so easy to claim "a very small percentage of returns were not properly inspected", and followup with "we will adapt our processes to lower the chance of this happening again". It's not like you'll get to inspect their past and updated internal SOPs. You can claim these kinds of canned responses whenever and wherever.
Dude.  I love this guy.  Sincerely your dude!
Having watched several videos on this story, not just with Gamers Nexus but others as well with their own stories, I'm starting to see a pretty clear picture. Newegg has a blanket policy of deny and lie. Unless it's someone with 1.58+ million subscribers. It's in their best interest to keep those like Gamers Nexus happy to try to get and keep customers. In this case, they fucked up and someone at Newegg treated Gamers Nexus like an average customer rather than a preferential customer and now the shit has hit the fan. Pretty sure the person in question got fired once they realized what happened.  Yes, I know Gamers Nexus did most of this under the guise of BEING an average customer. But that just makes this story even worse, tarnishing anything Newegg could say at this point to make up for it. They do this en masse to anyone considered an average customer. It was only AFTER they learned that they did this to someone as big as Gamers Nexus that they started back tracking and trying to cover things up. They realized that they might lose 1.58+ million customers(yes, I know that not all of Gamers Nexus subscribers ever used Newegg, but that's how Newegg would view it) from the negative light and pulled a hard 180 to try and appease Gamers Nexus so that they will go back to saying Newegg is great. At this point there is basically nothing that Newegg could say that would change the image they themselves created. Talk is cheap. It will take them years of doing the right thing for the average customer before they can pull back from this.
This mixup was anything but.  It's their standard operating procedure.
GN goes investigative journalism!!
As always good journalism from you guys at GN ! Love it !
How do we measure results after your meeting with a professional liar? I'm not sure I see the point of this exercise.
So they are not changing internal procedure on all merchandise. They are only changing for motherboard and CPU open boxes.
...small number of... public relations... remain committed...  Yeah, to what institution?  Did you self-admit, or were you taken by the large orderlies kicking and screaming? I have ZERO faith in the outcome of this, only because the public relations tool is going to be there. Zero faith.  Maybe I'll be proven wrong, but we shall see.
We'll be watching.
Quiet on the set! 🦆🦆🦆Steve was not attacking Newegg, he is simply asking for fair treatment. (Sounds a lot like Canadian truckers) hmmm 🤔
Good on ya for following through! It servers their own interest to sort this kind of behavior and it suits everyone else for business competition! Win/win!
Eric Wein just started at newegg in January according to linkedin. Great to know they're sending the new guy to answer questions.
Steve = FIT
My hunch Newegg will say the right things during the interview and continue business as usual.
The corporate-speak in that press release is nauseating and counterproductive. People don't believe or just "crises management teams" and the crap they put out. Own it Newegg, we don't give a shit about a press release.
their statement is bullshit. "A small number of customers" my ass
We need to start doing this to retail tech bullies.
It's great that you are holding the resellers responsible for their shady practices.
"Oh shit he's actually coming out here"  - Someone at Newegg, most probably
they can start with the pricing..
We in Germany have Caseking etc. So neather Newegg nor Microcenter
Newegg is lying, and it is provable.  It is possible that Gamers Nexus received a part that was not correctly inspected, by accident.  However, they rejected the return, based on the bent pins of the CPU socket, WHILE THE RMA STICKER FROM THE MANUFACTURER WAS ON THE BOARD, showing that the board was defective BEFORE THEY SHIPPED IT.  That was NOT an accident, nor a mistake.  It was a deliberate attempt to prevent an RMA return, and dump the problem on the customer.  Thank goodness they picked the wrong customer to do it to.  So, whether or not there ends up being one source to buy from, Newegg has gone the extra mile to try to avoid responsibility, and heads should roll at corporate.    And if they think this won't affect sales going forward, they are dreaming.
"Public relations" is the modern term for the older "propaganda".
Cue kicking the problem down the line by using a new label "Demo Surplus ...." ... = micro font text "Sketchy AF"
That field looks like it could do with some cattle in it to graze and produce natural fertiliser to help the soil. Shame there isn’t any.   Oh wait, we might have a solution to the latter as a PR statement has just been released.
How are they supposed to know who the small amount of affected customers are from these "errors"? By virtue of being an error, they shouldn't know what attempted returns were affected by this.
Canada geese ... I was wondering where they went.
$10 says newegg claim this is a witchunt.  I'm waiting for Newegg to claim Gamersnexus is one of transphobic/racist/sexist/ageist/amazon shill
Prequel video  .
New egg is owned by the CCP
I work as a PC tech in a small local PC Repair/Sales shop. I had a customer bring in a just received shipped ABS PC about 2 weeks ago. My customer mentioned he went with ABS/New Egg PC's after watching your review posted last year. This PC was right out of the box and the customer claimed he brought it straight to us after it wouldn't turn on. Steve, I have been professionally building & Fixing/Repairing PC's for years. I cannot really describe how shocking this PC was right out of the box. Shipping box was undamaged and even if it had a rough ride to this guys home...There were screws in the standoffs not screwed all the way in. Missing standoff screws, NOT in the case or packaging. CPU cooler was haphazardly  barely screwed in and fan and rgb cable left dangling. Ram half out of the socket on one slot.  I STOPPED looking and told him to IMMEDIATELY return it to New Egg. I haven't heard from him yet as he hasn't been back in but in all my years of looking at shoddy prebuilts this one was shocking to me. I then saw this story and I will tell you, like you I grew up ordering from New egg for years & thousands of dollars business (personally not for the shop) but until they make DRASTIC changes I will not and will no longer recommend them either. I was flabbergasted at how badly this arrived to this customer after they spent 2g's on a system! Give 'em hell guys.
3rd party sellers on Newegg were the start of their downfall. IMO
I use to love Newegg when I way younger, so yeah I totally understand wanting to get them back the way they use to be.
Commenting for traction because this is awesome. God bless you Steve and co.
Why not take pictures of open box items before they go out? For instance, Newegg can have some special tape they use for items processed in this way with a date written on it after pictures are taken and stored associated with that date.
4:38 cameo by @savagegeese ! Nice collaboration.
The fact they only gave a shit once a big influencer made noise makes it so I don't care what they do. I'll never shop with them again.  But that doesn't matter since I have no social media influence.
I was looking to pick up the Thermaltake TH120 AIO water cooling kit. After this story, I ended up buying it from Scamazon vs Newegg. Normally, I would prefer giving my money to an actual IT/PC parts company vs Jeff Bezos since he's got more than enough at this point. That being said, If I can't trust your company, I won't be shopping there. At least Scamazon has easy returns and would take something back even if the customer broke it.
Newegg should fire their entire RMA department and their managers.  Some asswipes there are sleeping on the job, going through the motions and just simply cycling defective parts for resale. Lazy.
MicroCenter come to Tennessee!!!
If I were Eric Wein I'd be terrified right now.  This is a career changing moment.
I would have loved it if they just offered $2000 lol
It's still very difficult to take Newegg seriously, especially from the previous video where Steve showed the motherboard with the Gigabyte return sticker on it. I mean, they guy who inspected the motherboard after Steve's return would have seen the sticker, and would have known that the board was a return from Gigabyte unrepaired, yet they still claimed that Steve damaged the board. At the very least, several incompetent testers and customer service people should be fired, and probably their bosses too.  If you are in a job like this then it really isn't too hard to take the initiative and do a little bit of investigation. Check the dates, give Gigabyte a call, look up the product on your database. But instead it seems that they're just robots, sticking to the rules. If I was working a boring job like that, making in returns and checking them, I'd relish the challenge of solving a mystery like this to make my day more interesting.
Lol you went from calling them out as scammers,  never gonna buy from them again and advise to never do business with them to we want to help them so they can keep being competitive, how much did they pay you Steve?
06:40 THE MOST PUNCHABLE FACE
I bought from Newegg three years ago without a problem. In the last two months I have had Newegg issues, mainly delayed shipping, phony tracking and poor customer service. I'm an American so I will not wait two weeks for a computer part. No mas! I prefer to instead patronize B&H Photo for computer parts. I live in PA so I get free next-day shipping from B&H.
Ive always been curious why Microcenter hasn't expanded. You'd think this would be a business nobrainer
Words to use in future episodes when you feel you can't use "bullshit" in your videos: bullpucky
Meeting with a PR director, I'd be worried you'll only be getting corporate style answers like, "We're sorry and we'll look into it. Right now I don't have an answer you." etc.    I wish they would have like an operations director or manager there also, cause they might actually know something about what happens in the processes, what's happened and what they're doing to fix things.
I will never buy from Newegg, thx!
Corporate PR types are there to do 1 thing:  Fix the message/perception that there is a problem, not the problem.
So basically Newegg have said this was "an isolated incident" despite thousands of people saying they have the same experience, Newegg trying to BRIBE their way out of this etc etc.  If they were truly sorry, the CEO would resign without a golden parachute as would the VP etc.  I want Newegg to crash and burn so others don't try the same shitty service.
The one thing I try to remember with all of this is, nothing good comes from this if all this results in is Newegg becoming untrustworthy and no longer worth the risk of buying from. There aren't many options for alot of us when it comes to where to get computer parts, and I most certainly do not want to go back to the early 2000's where your best option was going to CompUSA and choosing from 3 CPU's and 4 motherboards, and videocards that were full price and 4 years old.
Muppets at the top have their  uninformed beliefs based on general orders. The specifics have probably barely been implemented properly and the system in place is probably a bunch of work arounds to try and get the job done.... The disconnect between the brain and extremities in business is unreal. Desk riders need to be involved in the day to day!
Yay a meeting with a professional bullshitter. I'm sure he will be able to honestly awnser and bring a light of hope and change to the business
"Quiet on set!"  I lost it.  Hahahaha. I lived on a lake filled with geese as a kid and quickly learned that geese are loud, obnoxious jerks. You tell 'em, Steve!
Send the PR team, they know how to stick to the talking points. Hit on "policy changes", "restructuring" , and "commitment". That'll win them over. Can't wait to see how they handle this. 😅
If you remove the audio. It really looks like Steve has been kidnapped. And this is the ransome video. XD
When I was a kid my dad would drag me with to Egghead Software (why its "new" egg these days since Egghead was its root) and remember the crazy, far out tech they had there from 3d to video editing stuff and it always blew me away.
1:27 flexing that Steam Deck.  I am very jealous...
Ah yes the usual small percentage and accidentally sold broken products as open box..I'm sure when came up with that idea of selling broken stuff as open someone said technically it is an open box product.   Honestly I don't have much faith in them fixing anything it just seems as a way to cool things down so it blows over faster.
Once a company reaches a certain (critical) mass, it usually costs them logic and humanity. Seems Newegg is past that. It's very hard to turn that around as mid- to low-higher level management is only focusing on their quarterly goals so they can grab the bonuses. There is 0 interest in making the company great.
Everything they say is a complete cover-up. They have no ethics, and no true concern for their customers.  They can't recover from what they have done to me alone, let alone the laughable "small number of customers" they claim were mistakenly done wrong. Repetitive nature speaks volumes....none of their issues are mistakes.
Not going to lie how they handle this, will determine Whether I order from Newegg ever again. But to be clear if I have any hiccups I wont anymore.
#InvadeNewegg
They work for new egg !!!! Fuckin Guls 😂😂
Awesome journalism in work. Hold their feet to the fire one way or another they will show their true colors. Im cautiously hoping for the best!
Yeah, they've got many years and thousands of dollars of future business riding on this just from me alone.
You have to battle Newegg 1 on 1 in a Magic the Gathering duel! DO IT! lol
Thanks for doing this Steve.
they charged me restocking fees after informing me there would be no restocking fees
“Quiet on the set” lmfao! Steve we need to see you outside of the studio more, nice to see you visiting the rest of us on planet earth. Keep up the amazing content!
Isn't Newegg owned by Amazon? yeah.
Execute on what promises? I really hope that the actually follow through with _______ as long as they follow through with this policy I can't see this problem happening again lol
#jokesonyou It was all planned! Someone recognized your E-mail address from that order and passed it on....and the marketing department thought about how to use this knowledge to their advantage! And the solution is as simple as it is ingenious! Free advertising to end up in the mouth of 'everyone'! You talk about Newegg and Linus too! Everything for free  They will be waiting for you with a free drink and say thank you very much for all the attention Steeve *cheers*, here is your money btw💰
I wish I could be a fly on the wall inside Newegg leading up to this
You have issued challenge under the Code Duello. Who is your second?
Of course, they sent PR out of all people you can send out to mitigate damage. Amazing.
Godspeed GN.
LOL you guys are doing SUCH a SERVICE to newegg!!! lmao sure you are "giving the the opportunity to use your platrform to 'fix this" but its equally if not more likely your forcing them into a corner and you know how much YOU guys are benifiting from another scandal. Just face it. This situation is what it is.
Now shave and get a hair cut before the meeting  lol
"Quiet on Set!!!" lol :D
And on this day in February the Tech Jesus went outside for his annual sunning. He didnt see his shadow, so it must be a late spring.
I was ripped off by Egghead and will never by from them
I think Steve's hair is intimidating to NewEgg.
Honestly far too late for someone like myself who used them years ago and moved on away from them because how I was treated back then.
F to Newegg..
As a 18+ year NewEgg customer, I haven't had and issue returning anything.  Though I haven't had to in the last 5 or so years.  I just dropped $2k on parts via Newegg for a new gaming build (the first in 3 years).  I hope I don't have any issues.  I have usually bought from NewEgg, though I do run a a price check through Amzn and base my purchase on the price vs hassle of multiple orders and shipping times.  NewEgg was on top this time around and I will see in a few days if they come through.
Bad PR is still PR.... Coupled with 'supply and demand' and bad memory in the general population = bad behavior can/will continue 'forever'
the way they emphasize that the amount of affected customers was "small" is so self-defensive.
At least the geese support the truckerslol
The followup is important to us, too. Godspeed GN Team, thank you for doing this critical work
If they did it once they will do it twice. Nothing will change.
I can't stand this fucking company what a bunch of hacks and liers. I used to love Newegg and bought almost all my pc parts for years until they started fucking up orders and then denied a motherboard return which was the last straw.
In their public statement, NewEgg limited the problem to a limited number of Open Box orders.  Unfortunately, NewEgg’s broader RMA process is process is broken, below industry standards, and skewed entirely to protecting NewEgg rather than their customers. A recent example: On cyber Monday, I purchased 2 16gb memory sticks to go in a computer I was building with/for my son for Christmas. On Christmas Day he opens his gifts only to find we had the wrong memory (2 8GB sticks). I checked the order figuring I messed up, but no, NewEgg sent the wrong thing. Explaining the situation to NewEgg, the right solution would have been to send a replacement immediately and allow me to return the incorrect item within a reasonable time period as long as I understand that failure to return the item would result in a charge on my credit card.  I told them I would allow them to charge my credit card for the 8GB sticks and then process a return later, the key was to get the memory I’d actually ordered ASAP.  But no, NewEgg refused to send anything to me until they received the return and no other options were available to me. They couldn’t even commit that once I returned the incorrect item that the correct item would be in stock, and if it wasn’t they would return my money.  Since I got a Cyber Monday price and the item was in stock when I ordered it, I asked if they would make a similar alternative available at a similar price if the memory I actually ordered was not in stock (which again, they couldn’t say)…that proposal was also rejected although proved unnecessary.  In short, it took weeks for my original order to arrive, NewEgg sent the wrong thing, then basically held my actual purchase hostage until they received what they’d sent in error back, was unwilling to go along with any other option, and then took weeks to get a replacement to me so that I could build the computer and let my son use his Christmas present.  I think next time I’ll just buy on Amazon or local.
I'm with ya, I hope newegg can get back to how it used to be. Used to be awesome.
Steve, I’ve always known that you were “out standing” in your field… This video finally proves it
This is one of the reasons I have been watching your channel for so many years. You have built a huge base of trust which we all appreciate.
Nope, it is already going south! If they really wanted to take it seriously that lady Stephanie would’ve met with you personally! Instead they’re sending the person whose job it is to talk sideways, not really answer any questions, and simply act as the mouthpiece of the company. Good luck though!
They don't work for NewEgg clearly they work for DuckEgg, or possibly their major competitor GooseEgg
Why would anyone allow Rottenegg to burn them twice.  I'll never use Rottenegg again. They took my money and ran with their narrative that it was my fault. FNE
Also neweggs shipping  is doo doo, they would take weeks  to ship items to me in Illinois even if I paid for faster shipping.
4:39 by this time of the year, they may be underway to lay some new eggs indeed 🤣
Kanye west: "I'm going to STAY the leading news story in every news cycle" Newegg: "Hold my beer"
nice honkers!!!
Am never shopping with Newegg even if they put my Wang in there mouth, I bought a pair of headphones the box was empty they lied and said it wasn't, I had to get a bank to reverse charge it via my bank, F U NEWEGG I hope they file bankruptcy
Imagine needing your company to go through a pr shit show to say they'll change. All companies exist to make money and will only change if their money is affected, that's not anything new, but whether or not they actually change, or just say they will and just include a 5 minute video in their new employee training set, is yet to be seen
You go man! Best wishes in your whistle blowing and exposure for the consumers! Love this.
If I could ask one question to newegg that they had to answer, I'd wanna know this:  Newegg was known for having particularly good customer service and a great shopping experience in the 2000s. Since being purchased, they're known for having particularly bad customer service. How would they go about reversing their reputation so that people aren't afraid to order from them?
This engagement is a good sign - I hope they can explain how this happened or at least offer a "mea culpa" that doesn't sound like JUST damage control. I think it's smart for them to engage, as painful as I'm sure this could be for them and not without some risk that they fall flat.... but the reality is I ordered a new SSD for more space for my steam library last week and another $200+ electronics item, and both came from Amazon -- and it was largely the discomfort this incident left me with that steered me away from them for at least the SSD where they would have been my default choice.  I have personally had good experiences with NewEgg, including one RMA in 2019. I've built 3 complete systems in the last ~5 years, much of which came from NewEgg because I prefer their search refinement tools  and technical details over Amazon - but honesty and integrity are crucial.
Gamers nexus said "we gon pull up" and newegg said "pull up"  lol 😆
You should do a secret shopper like thing on newegg in a few months to see if they changed anything.
That whole New Egg thing was not fresh but old and stinky for a long time. Clearly bad product labeling..   <_<
blah blah blah NO ONE CARES ABOUT MORE STATEMENTS.  SHUT IT DOWN Newegg will be the cautionary tale for this industry.
Glad someone has finally caught neweggs attention. Wasn't gonna be one of us commoners for sure. Hopefully their scammy business practices go away.
My friend was sent a video card box with a rock in it. Newegg told him it weight right when shipped so he isn’t getting a refund. He had to call the police and file a claim against Newegg.
The best way to prepare when speaking to a PR Flak is to practice saying, "You didn't answer my question.  Please address the issue at hand."  Be willing to repeat this phrase as often as is required!
Ďakujeme.
Newegg damage control wont work.
I half expected Steve to explode in the sunlight like a vampire
This is just going to be damage control.  I hope you hit them hard and ask for specific plans and implementations.  Don't let them off easy; they'll want to stick to hand-waving and generalities.
The fact that they're sending the Director of Public Relations instead of someone actually responsible for inventory management, RMA staff, etc, is quite telling. They want to fix the PR issue, not the problem within their processes.
So did anyone give new egg a chance to respond ? rather than just jump on sheep wagon and bash new egg
I don't buy it that the motherboard episode was caused by human error. To me, it's a plain scam.  I can understand a defective motherboard making it into the open box resale stockpile, I can understand something happening that caused that motherboard to slip past inspection and end up to a customer. What I CAN'T explain (that is, in any non-malicious way) is how the RMA inspection team got back a motherboard with a GIANT FREAKING STICKER telling in plain text that NEWEGG tried to send it to GB for RMA and GB declined repair because the socket was broken, with the user repeatedly telling them that the box was never opened, with them claiming to have before and after pictures of the mobo (that would have obviously revealed that sticker was there before shipment), and still blaming it onto the user. They managed to spot a microgram of "Thermal Pate" on the SSD shield but didn't notice the giant sticker on the lower half of the mobo? I don't buy it.  At best they lied on having pictures of the product prior to shipment and having sent it back (refusing to provide a tracking number), which in itself is already malicious enough.
Dear new egg, damage control would have been unnecessary if you had practiced morality in the first place
4:43 LOL
05:15 "...We're just letting you all know in case they put PR spin out." --> Then, they have the gall to send their top dawg in PR for The Interview...!!! ---> Newegg ALWAYS had that 05:10 "...small number of returns...accidentally resold...unintentional process errors...isolated incidents"       excuse from day #1...!!!  When most companies get too big they start pushing the grey zones of moral behaviour.   Newegg: consider yourself Under the Microscope...!!!
"Director of public relations".  The most damage controlly/corporate razzle dazzle job title of all job titles.  Let's see where this goes...
GN is the new BBB
This is a nice break from stuff we can't get.
Reaching out to small number of people affected? Last I checked I'm still down $260 after being scammed by NewEgg and haven't heard anything back.
What was the quote by Eliza Cassan in Deus Ex: Human Revolution? Oh yes... "Remember Adam, everyone lies." And that goes double for any kind of 'public relations' or 'advertising' representative.
Well this is just milking the situation. This video said absolutely nothing. I dislike the situation as much as anyone but you showing up expecting them to grovel at your feet is a bit weird. I hope you do get straight answers and I do hope the situation gets rectified because I agree we need more places we can get parts from as consumers. Acting like a mad teenager who got their phone taken away in biology isn’t exactly the way to do it.
"Quiet on the set" had me dyeing! lol ... "I think they work for Newegg"
why would anyone build a computer if you can't get a video card
Thanks for putting in the work Steve and the GN crew!
I hope Newegg (and every corporation) realize how much sway GN has in this community. It's more than just their follower/subscriber count may indicate. I am not a regular GN watcher just due to time and format, but as soon as something specific comes up I laser in on this channel because of the respect I have for Steve and his team. I am in turn the "tech/computer" person in my group of friends/family and influence maybe 15-20 people's personal tech buying decisions. His influence radiates through this community.
We used to also have Fry's Electronics RIP
newegg screwed me on a return on a item i never used. I told the 3 reps. i talked to that i wont shop there ever again if they wont accept a return of a perfect product undamaged. They refused said it was against their policy and that their boss wont let them.. I said okay and never bought from them again. think of all the thousands they missed out on on my last few PC builds and all the builds for my friends... sucks for them
Do you think Newegg is gonna show up with a suitcase full of 3090tis as a bribe?
Game on!
Where I live in Canada newegg is about the only place for computer parts so thank you Steve
Thanks for your hard work Steve and GN crew!
That statement is pure bs.
4:38 Audio confirms the Canadian Truckers have arrived.
Newegg just announced they would be accepting returns for CPUs and motherboards with "no questions asked".  CPUs and motherboards. I don't think they get it.
Fully expecting NewEgg to throw probably overworked, underpaid, poorly trained regular employees under the bus, one way or another whether explicitly or not (probably the latter). Just like any self respecting greedy corporation would do. Any viewer who entertains the notion that this entire fiasco (GN hoopla and the many other consumers reports of similar f*** ups) can be attributed to the carelessness/incompetence of one or more individual employees should probably be a little ashamed of themselves... <3 Looking forward to the shenanigans! :D
F newegg.
Freedom geese!
They should be investigated by federal law and state.
Reading PR statements gives me a rash.
Ah yes the exceedingly rare outdoor Steve.   Well played with this entire Newegg endeavour by the way - appreciate you actually looking after the average consumer rather than flexing influence to easily get your way.
They can spout PR statements as much as they want. What matters is their actions. With the level of rot that seems to be at the company, I highly doubt they are going to be making any real meaningful changes and sticking with them, because, why would they? They have no reason to do so. They are part of a small handful of major electronics retailers in the US, thier control of the market is almost guaranteed. The federal government has been largely declawed, and even if the company is punished, the decision-makers can just jump ship with golden parachutes.
The outcome doesn't really matter to me. Amazon and NewEgg are both evil money sucking corporations. But at least Amazon has hassle free customer service. If you have a choice to be assaulted by two criminals, choose the one who hands you a towel and a bottle of water after as they wink and say "see you next time".
So Newegg is sending the head of PR that has been with the company... for 2 MONTHS?! Jesus christ. Send an executive not someone whose job is to do everything in their power to shift blame and make Newegg look as best as possible. They need to take a hit in order to recover. I don't think this will go over well
These people have 100% lost their way. Newegg shuffle indeed... Shuffle this
Betting 10 bucks on them saying "It was done by the staff without their instruction and / or consent." or something that is essentially the same.
Are they risking getting a lawsuit?
I didnt know steve knew where outside was.
Steve, don’t worry, I will sacrifice my own integrity and take the new egg bribe money for you! It’s the least I can do, take one for the team!
Yeah they need to quit scamming people and quit scalping !
IMO if there's change to happen then it needs to start with them cleaning house. Some number of people there allowed this to happen and allowed these issues to continue to grow. Those folks need to go.
Go get 'em
should we ready our torches and pitchforks ?
Usually when a company's quality of service deteriorates so drastically, It comes from the top, so unless there is a change in leadership, no promises of improvement will be kept. I've experienced it in my former workplace, good employees were often encouraged to lie to customers and blame them for product failure. Newegg's current leadership/top management clearly doesn't care about treating customers fairly, they obviously didn't care much until sh!t hit the fan on media and got tons of exposure. The sheer number of complains online suggests deliberate effort to deceive clients. If newegg wants to compete with amazon they need to provide same level of service.
You know what Bender likes?  Integrity.  Like from Gamers Nexus.  Thanks.
This is kind of feel like incase I go missing video .
This is so cool, I really hope Newegg takes this opportunity to heart and does its best to improve and start repairing the damages it's caused.
I 100000000% will not purchase from newegg ever again, and they were my first provider of computer parts when i was 13 years old, 16 years ago.  Unless we can get resolution.  STEVE YOUR THE MAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kinda just giving them a platform to lie. PR people get paid to spin shit to make it look good... just saying...
Amazon is not the only retailer for computer hardware. GameStop has a lot of PC hardware now. They even have GPUs in stock.
Actually, right now I think I personally I have more of a problem with Best Buy putting short in supply items such as GPU's and gaming consoles behind a $200 subscription fee to give the customer even a remote chance of securing item. To me that is worse than a scalper as at least when the scalper is taking your money you are guaranteed of getting the product you are paying extra to get. Best Buy is just charging the customer a $200 surcharge to participate what amounts to a New Egg shuffle!
Wait, do NA only have 2-3 "honest" hardware retailers? Scandinavia have at least 10 different, each with their own version in each country. No wonder this keeps happening. If you had even 2 more competent competitors on the market, this whole ordeal would be a whole lot less commonplace...
My only issue with this is that you never investigated this more until it happened to you. Your fans were telling you about it, reaching for help, and it never mattered until now.
Will you guys be speaking at all in rrgards to thr UNFD Tech situatuon either? I would like to hear what they say about that as well if possible. Thanks and good luck guys!
Give’em hell Steve!
Can't wait for you to confront the final boss: Jeffrey Bezos
Ohhhh. Boy. Been waiting for this
I think I heard Loius Rossmann scream at 8:32
You just know there are other companies laughing at Newegg. "Fools you offended GamersNexus.......well hope you enjoy the profit drop this year."
I mean, they willingly sold/offloaded defecting Evga 750 psu into the prebuilds that are a potential fire hazard, but hey, must have been an isolated mistake yeah?
Thanks Steve! This is so awesome. This has been so powerful it even got my wife interested and got her to tell her friends lol. My wife’s a gamer but knows how long my relationship goes with Newegg (2004)  Thanks for standing up for us all out here without much of a voice! Thanks for being the voice of reason and the voice of truth! You deserve a humanitarian award. Back to you Steve.
Wait.. I didn’t even know this was happening this often. But I’m so glad I’m part of a “small number of customers”. I fought for 7 weeks for a refund and finally nothing so bought another on bestbuy. So Newegg is the new tigerdirect? Lmao
Nice to see they changed the practices for Open Box CPU and Motherboards. Open Box Graphic card? SSD's? Open Box anything? If you sell anything as a retailer, it's supposed to work as if new! If there's cosmetic damage on an otherwise good product and the customer knows about it, then fine, but it should work as new and come with the same guarantees as if new for the functionality of the product.
Ask them about thier rebate lies
What about tiger direct? I honestly want to know bought a desktop from them years ago was decent. Dose anyone have experience with them? Thanks for any feedback
The meet up is prolly going to be nice and all but like... I can't unsee your hoodie... Why did you grab a used bedsheet and turn it into a hoodie.
Lol I think we were almost on the same flight. That's funny :P Would have made my vacation!
LOL they REALLY went out of their way to satisfy you.
If you get a get a public commitment to a change of policies, then that's a start.  Also, there's a MicroCenter in Tustin, which is about 30 miles south of Newegg corporate.
I'm really excited about this. I'm in the same boat with Steve here. I started off my tech and computer building career with Newegg, and it's been really sad to see its downfall over there last several years. I hate that I have to buy from Amazon because the return policies, shipping speed and prices just don't currently compete. I would love to see them bite the bullet, admit they messed up, and work on returning to their former glory..
I’m still not giving them a pass for shipping PSU’s that were knowingly potentially dangerous.
I know you're a well established channel and voice within the community. I'm absolutely not saying I don't find your content informative and positive contribution to the community. However, this is like the 5th update on your Newegg drama and it's starting to look like you're just salty which is ridiculous cuz you have no reason to be. Even with the market on fire YOU have access to a lot of hardware that most of us don't. You didn't even need the board. I know, you got screwed but that's the nature of capitalism. Newegg won't really suffer from the drama. They're a well established company and despite situations like this, they tend to not fuck people over more often than they do. Just sounds like you're salty at this point and it's devolved into another crazy stupid social media war. At least when people bitch and moan like this on reddit, its a singular post of rage that most of us just ignore and move on, but you keep uploading videos about this drama... You're not the only one. Your situation is not unique. And Newegg as well as every other company will continue to let things like this happen if not encourage it in the name of profit. That. Is. Capitalism. Move on please.
Good luck gentlemen! We know you guys will do a good job!
Newegg will never care, the Chinese owners/operators completely destroyed it.
One of “a very small number” of fraudulent sales just _happened_ to be sold to the most savage tech YouTuber around? Sure.
Nobody talks about bestbuy and they actually have great parts and great service
Tech Jesus going scorched earth for us
GN Consumer Affairs, love it.
The PR exec is the guy you use when you want to sweep it under the rug. The people in charge of the policy is who you talk to if you want to see a change in these shady practices
I'm probably really romanticizing this... But man, Steve, look at you. You've built this influential, for the people by the people, journalistic entity that is trustworthy and actually has the influence to keep these companies honest. Godamn it that is so frickin hot.
Newegg is acting like a shady Chinese based e-site. "The customer can never be right.". I wonder why?.... ;)
Meh, Newegg lost my trust
Hopefully they improve the experiences for new purchases as a result.
Bloody noisy geese. 🤣 I live by Strangford Lough and the fields are full of them this time of year.
Newegg has been pulling stuff like this for years!  We used to use them with a business account. We have gotten returned broken garbage that was sold as new, and they refused to take it back. Twice. I have also ordered new CPU's and the seals were broken.  They sent me a computer case that a fork truck had pushed so far into the box that it split the sheet metal open on the side of the case. BUT, It was wrapped in plastic and put back in the same box and taped it up with a giant hole in the side, and then sold too me.  I found the previous return print out shoved inside the case. This was all several years ago, because I stopped buying anything from them.  They will refuse to help and will try to claim it must have happened after delivery every single time.  Absolute garbage tier retailer. Worse than Amazon by far, and that is a difficult accomplish. How anyone still buys from them is beyond me. You would have to be a masochist that likes burning money.
It's very clear that this company has a very toxic corporate culture where no one accepts responsibility and avoids accountability at all costs. I am highly skeptical that all of a sudden they will start doing the right thing without an entire management change and employee re-training. I'm not convinced at all. If it were me, I would refuse to meet with a director of P.R., because P.R. really isn't the problem they're having. It's operations.
To the state of California flew in Steve one fine day. He was tweeting all around him, he had a lot to say. Newegg dared to ask his business, Newegg dared to make a meet. For the Youtuber there among 'em had a big following for his tweets. Big following for his tweeeeeets.
Subscribed - you guys are kings and this is the type of journalism that every professional should aspire to. You all should be proud of yourselves.
I had worst experience with Newegg. Had a refund request. They have 0 interteam communication
Too late for newegg. At this point they are just doing damage control. They will go back to the old way and fuck customers over.
Louis Rossman and you are the two biggest little guys in tech.  Thank you so much for doing this.
Thank you for your hard work to make the world a better place
I use to feel safe to order from Newegg, but they made returning things more difficult. Amazon really makes returning something hassle free, and you don't have to pay a return shipping fee, while Newegg will try to get you to pay for return shipping.  Also, there return policy always makes it sound like you might not be able to return something. So you don't feel safe buying it, because if you have a problem with it, you might be out of your money for it. Sorry, feeling that way at all, just makes me not want to order from them.
Its great to see honest journalists trying to improve things for consumers
This isn't gonna lead to any change, the problem has been going on for several years at this point and I think a huge reason we're not gonna see any change is because the company has been Chinese owned since 2020.
They showing sincerity TO YOU, now that they know WHO you are.  As for "regular" peoples, this as yet to be proven.  As for me, I would not buy from them ever again.
GN is a powerful force. Probably the only channel online or in the world, that has real deal integrity. They are literally above CNN, Fox, and other journalism outlets. How crazy is that?
Honestly I don't care what they say at this point, I'll just be sticking to amazon even though I'm in the UK so they could be ran differently here (or scan since I live close to them but they have their own issues). The fact that the incident you dealt with happened at all with blatant evidence you weren't in the wrong is completely unacceptable and inexcusable for any product, let alone one that cost the amount yours did.   Amazon is far from perfect, but I have never had any issues with returning products that either were defective or became defective down the line from hardware to peripherals and everything inbetween. Their customer service is unmatched in my experience and so if I'm putting down hundreds of pounds, I'd rather pay an extra 10-20 to get something from there knowing if something goes wrong they'll accept it than elsewhere. Even if the issue is something I am at fault for (like opening a product, trying to use it and realizing I messed up on what I purchased) they will still do everything they can to help you out.
I ordered a pre built ABS system. It arrived in great shape... on time. I love the computer. They packed the wrong accessory kit with it that includes all the goodies from the ROG STRIX Z590E motherboard and instead gave me the antenna stickers users manual and other extra tid bits for a TUF Gaming motherboard. Ibhave called several times and one time they even said they have sent out tue correct accessory kit. It hasn't arrived and when i called new egg to follow up they told me to call ABS and ABS keeps dropping the call.
why are only motherboards and CPUs mentioned to receive better return policies?  just because those are the items you specifically complained about or because other category open-box item returns are already being handled in a better way?  next time you should order a open-box GPU or power supply
6:26 you mean like Justin Trudeau? :D
Thank you Steve for advocating for consumers.
Good job Steve!  And hopefully GOOD JOB NewEgg..., we will give people more chances if honest attempt.
IDC what newegg does, I will never order from them again
I'm constantly amazed how B&H Photo is ignored. No, it's not Newegg but it has quite a bit of product. I go to them before Newegg every time at this point.
I would recommend Scan Computers or Overclokers  UK on this side of the ocean! :)
Canadian geese honking in Cali, RIP. Please keep them there.
We don't have Newegg here in the Netherlands. People only heard of them because of this issue!
Just So Y'all Know. You Can Buy PC Parts and Way More At GAMESTOP Now! They Have It All And At Great Prices. Games. Toys. Tv's. PC Stuff, Also Same Day Delivery From Your Local Store If They Have The Items In Stock There. LEGENDARY! Screw Letting NewEgg Screw You! Try GAMESTOP!
dont worry Steve newegg stock looks like a slow slide to 0$ with a few spikes widely spread out , i would guess this behavior is a sign of the slipping market prices on their stock . they probably wont be a company in 5 years if they keep following that trend .
Do you guys ship any Merch to India, I absolutely want to support this endeavour of Yours. You Sir are not looking for betterment of either yourself or your. Channel, but to speak for those hapless souls.
GameStop is selling lot of pc parts now, just saying.
I hope GN has lawyers in case Newegg decided to sue for whatever reason possible (defamation most likely). Dumb move if they do since it'll hurt them more but when it comes to damage control, expect the worst.
Intro was green screen, 100%. Steve had never been outside a day in his life
The bottom line is that someone with *influencing* capability had to the be straw that broken the camels back (just to even get this pointed in the right direction). The everyday "Joe" no matter if he's a professional, someone saving up for that *part*, someone with not so much money, or a desperate person to fix whatever it might be is written off. Although I'm willing to bet they're the majority that keeps businesses like theirs afloat. I myself have been a loyal newegg customer for years, and 9/10x, I avoid Amazon to make sure they stay alive. I do have the ability to shop Microcenter locally (whom I love!).    I do recall one of my first online shopping experiences with computer parts when I was a young teen was from tigerdirect. It seems they're more of an online retailer catering to businesses for the most part now, so that throws them out of the water! Either way, I hope something productive comes of this because it's made me raise a brow to newegg.
This whole situation happened to me at B&H Photo Video too. I used to get used equipment from them like light stands and such until I bought a "9+" rating Alien Bee light that was broken and unusable, and had to fight them for 2 weeks to lose $200 making it so that I never actually got a different piece of equipment. The $200 loss at my broke ass budget was enough to make me cut getting any new equipment for my passion all together.  I'd say that what Newegg has been doing is identical to what B&H does almost like it's a standardized strategy now.  B&H even deleted the order details about the equipment so there's little record.
When I first started building computers in 2006 I used Newegg and I use them for years after that but these kind of practices and even happened to me years ago I got a graphics card that didn't work and then they just sent me the card back and I was I got lucky I was able to get the manufacturer to fix the card cuz I had done nothing wrong and I wasn't even sold open box I was sold new in box but I digress I use Amazon now The only thing I buy from Newegg is computer cases and that is it I the return policy with Amazon is just so much more customer-friendly and the prices are very similar Newegg is just lucky that they have a lot of different cases or I wouldn't use them for those either
I've already had literal LEGAL issues with Newegg prior to this exposure. That said, your willingness to share your situation only further solidifies the fact I will NEVER do business with Newegg again and will proactively tell my friends, family, clients, strangers etc. to avoid them at all costs. The sad thing is Newegg used to be a strong alternative goto competitor to sites like TigerDirect (of whom have seemingly fallen off the map entirely after their compusa merger) I would even go as far to say they used to be one of my top three PC part shops. After a lengthy small claims issue with them and after hearing friends and family's horror stories I can safely say Newegg should be referred to as DeadEgg from now on. It's been a long time coming NewEgg now open up and take your just deserts from Steve! You picked the wrong one dummys!
I have loved the content and have been watching for almost 3 years.  I greatly respect and appreciate the approach and dedication the Gamers Nexus team has on so many topics and subjects... also D&D!  I will finally be pulling the trigger on my GN store merch!  Support great creators!
Throwing a PR dingus in front of this, what a load of bull!
I genuinely don’t care if they try and fix shit once they fucked over someone with an audience, Newegg where’s my $200?
It is not a small amount or limited to open box returns. I had the same exact thing happen with a new - unopened box return. It was clear after trying to get it resolved that they have major process issues. That PR statement just makes me want to do business with them even less.
is the sponsor cynical ?
You guys on the 60frwy Azusa
Where's TigerDirect in all of this? Time for someone to step up.
You lost me at “Director of PR” 😜  I’ve gotta watch that interview.
You guys need a Store974 in your country
Just bend the knee newegg, Daenerys Burke will speak great things afterwards
Tom Scott tech jesus.
Love the PR spin bullshit "a small number of returns"... Even in their defeat, they cannot just fall down on their sword, they have to still keep BSing their way around this. I had issues with NEW products that NewEgg was a cunt about, that's why I stopped using them. I see that ~10 or so years later, nothing has changed.
While you are at it ask them to improve shipping policies. I want to get my mail on the mail. You know the place we pay to get our packages. Amazon does it so why they don't?
You shouldn't have met with the PR guy. Meet with someone who can actually implement changes, not spin things to make it look "better"
Personally, I'd rather MicroCenter expand. So far, they seem superior every metric and I have only heard praise from those who shop there. But then, I am a sucker for the old 'brick and mortar' experience.
It's really hard to buy pc components from different vendors when there's not much of a choice close to you, leaving the big online retailers like Amazon and Newegg to be you main sources.  I'll definitely try to look around more in places like BH Photo, Adorama, and Gamestop now when I'm looking to get my components, Best Buy was a good option until they started to hide the graphics cards behind their Total Tech paywall 😠.  Thank you Steve and the team at Gamers Nexus for at least trying to make things better and more transparent for the everyday customers!
"a very small number of returns" Alright Newegg you little uneducated beanhead-
I have to say, going from a flegling YT channel to potentially leveraging the largest online PC parts reseller to go back to their roots of customer-first...is pretty amazing. Not that any power short of a billionaire would be ABLE to do that notwithstanding.
F U Steve standing out there with a light jacket!!  It's below freezing here!!!!!
I feel like you really made this video to make Newegg feel safe. The shitstorm after we get the ass covering responses from the director of PR is going to be wild. Can't wait
This is hopefully going to help "fix" Newegg
Thank you so much for upending your plans for the greater good. Love to see your passion and using your platform to help out so many people whose individual voices weren't loud enough for Newegg to hear.  Again...THANK YOU!
"I think they work for newegg"  🤣🤣
I would like to see this resolved. I had been a Newegg customer for awhile, and while I've been treated right by them, I don't want it to become a "gamble" when purchasing expensive gear from them.
62k views and 19k likes.  That's around a %30 view to like ratio which is insane for a YouTube video.  You can tell this means a lot to people
@Gamers Nexus should order $5k dollars of random open box motherboards and inspect them. Give us a % of pass and fails.
New subscriber here, I have been watching the channel for thew years now but never subscribe, now I'm in, a Great channel and everyone lets get the thumbs up we need to push this so that we all get a good and honest deal when buying a PC part.
*Intro*  "Tech Jesus cometh"
Hi I’m Eric!
4:44 Newegg drones are spying on you... 🤪
0:34 "... to have a conversation. Be...." *SponsorBlock Kicks in* xD
Steve, ignoring the tech stuff aside, you and your team are great at journalism and the quality of your journalism is better than similar "consumer report" type shows that on regular TV.  It takes a lot of guts to do what you do and the whole industry is better off because of it. You are way more than a "Youtube channel".
Newegg is DOA just like the products they sell.
Tech Jesus is telling Newegg that the apocalypse is coming, so either get gud or get got
good to see you chasing this error up and looking out for the customers that don't have a voice. Appreciated!
"accidentally" yeah right. I think maliciously is the right word.
So a meeting with the head honcho of Hot Air Production ... activating platitude counter
Of course they are trying lol... they are in full scale panic mode, trying to fix their reputation. If they actually cared, they wouldnt be in this situation to begin with.
Dont know if you saw UFDtech's video on new egg but it would be nice to see how they respond to questions regarding that whole situation with the charity stream and not sending componenets to prize winners. https://youtu.be/-c_rKnK-uAM
I used to love New egg but ever since that Chinese guppy bought them it's horrible. don't believe them this wasn't a simple mistake. This was deliberate. The only mistake they made was doing it to you guys. Newegg is a shell of what it used to be they normally let Chinese knockoff vendors sell on their site with no repercussion.  If this somehow really was a mistake. then all the employees even the managers in that department need to be  fired. Or that department's budget got cut in half and their workers and underpay and overworked this is what happens. those are the only two possibility outside of deliberately doing it which I believe they have been. those other two scenarios are both corporate's fault.
This is awesome 🕵️🕵️‍♀️🕵️🕵️‍♀️
You mean back when NewEgg was called Gogle?
Truthfully, they have no win here. They'll say a piece to try to ease the rub a little bit, but they know the message will be nitpicked into trash regardless of the benevolence behind it. Truth is that nobody intended this story to unfold this way, and some effort will be done to keep it from happening again, but whether it's patched over or overhauled does not depend on what anybody has to say, sales pitch or executive promise.
Love the spying geese XD best part of video!
NewEgg = Broken Egg 🥚
it would be nice if they put in a genuine effort to fix their screw-ups. as with many things, their recent awful service wouldn't have hurt nearly as much if it wasn't for the fact that they used to be REALLY GOOD. it's the knowledge that they can be so much better that makes it sting; nobody would care if, for example, best buy had these sorts of problems, because nobody really expects anything good from best buy to begin with.
Micro Center is still advertising all AMD RX 6000 series GPUs as PCIe X16 after six request to update the specs. They are not angels by any stretch.
I'm really hopeful that Newegg will comply with their customers. I also noticed that Amazon has started doing the same thing. Be cautious at the meeting. I do agree with you on Amazon monopolizing the tech market. But corporate greed, once instilled, is detrimental to any company's spirit and can never go back to it's original self.
I'm not expecting much with the pr guy, but good luck.  Also according to comments here, he's been the pr person since January lol.
💯
I hope for Newegg that they just got loosy with the pandemic having fewer staff members and being overwork. That would be hopeful that something CAN change. If however, the issue is straightforward an internal policy and a lack of care for customers, it will be hard to believe they can change.
I love to see companies get held accountable. Hopefully GN holds themselves to this high a standard as well.. I distinctly remember them getting called out by a small YouTuber about a mistake in their methodology and they just crapped on them (as did Hardware Unboxed) and when the fans pointed out they were in the wrong, all they did was delete tweets and let it die out. No video, no journalism, no apologies.  GN lost a lot of my good faith and is slowly building it back over time. This investigation into Newegg is a great start. I hope they continue like this.
GN, doing YouTube properly!
I really hope Newegg fixes up. It has its problems, but I still hate it less than Amazon. But, with issues like their drivers delivering my package to the wrong apartment, and letting shady sellers sell fake supply while hoping nobody asks for a refund, they have a long way to go before I feel comfortable using them again. I can go to Best Buy or Sweetwater for most of what I need for electronics. Newegg can't just be marginally better than Amazon.
Looks like an automated apology written by an algorithm.
This is my favorite heavy metal band
Steve: "So there are a lot of people saying they have had bad experiences with Newegg's RMA issues and getting no response from Newegg. We are conserned about this and the volume of the responses we got. What is Newegg going to do in order to fix this?" Eric: "That's a great question. Here at Newegg we strive for excellence in not only sale, but customer service and we really dropped the ball here. We are going to implement more training and more rigorous quality control to ensure this doesn't happen again." Steve: "Ok, but this wasn't a one off. Your facility literally took an item that was deemed as "broken" and resold it and then tried to pass it off as if it was something of my doing" Eric: "I here what you're saying. Here at Newegg we strive for excellence in not only sale, but customer service and we really dropped the ball here. We will have to talk with our product receiving managers to determine where the break down occurred to ensure this won't happen again".  Steve: "Eric are you a robot? Eric: "I'm glad you asked this question. Here at Newegg we strive for excellence in not only sale, but customer service and we really dropped the ball here."  How the convo is likely going to go.
You wonder what % of NewEgg customers are satisfied? It might be something like 98% or 99% with a very hurt and angry 2% or 1%. So at management level the stats looks fine at a macro level but the 2% are having an ultra crap experience. I'm not sure we will ever know but it would be interesting to find out.
Lies Lies lies.
bought off new egg once, Had my credit card information hijacked. My bank had a new card and my account closed, 4 week's before new egg decided to finally notify me it was due to their security.
Ok, it gets a like for "Quiet on set" as the Geese fly by.  Great video series.  You have me hooked.
Looking forward to interview. Newegg botched a return of mine years ago so I swore them off for amazon whose hassle-free return is much better.  Would like newegg to be a competitor again.  Bought tons of stuff over the years from them, returned a handful of items - at that ratio returns should be hassle-free.
GN, give Newegg some hell, like the hell they've given others.
I’m literally more excited for this next video than I have been for any movie or tv show in years! What the hell does that say about the entertainment industry today?!
hey sup CALIFORNIA !!!! HIT ME UP ILL FUCKING DRIVE to meet yall !!!!  L.A. POR VIDA
will newegg provide an explanation about how they claimed you damaged the cpu pins when the RMA sticker from gigabyte clearly said the pins were already damaged before they sent it to you?  mistakes happen, maybe someone thought the return from gigabyte was a refurbished product and put it up for sale as open box.  but the analyst who said you damaged the pins after it was returned was clearly lying and newegg needs to take responsibility for these lies!
I'm just dubious about them sending their Director of Public Relations instead of actual relevant managers. His job is to give a good impression to the public, not to know the actual workings of the company.
Neweggs narrative remains slimey
Give them the benefit of the doubt Steve
Newegg is done stick a fork in it and flick it to the side. The corporate mind will probably create a secondary company to continue this scam by just diverting this process to another facet of the squid arms that feed money in. It's all about profit numbers in the upper management dude and pump those numbers and to get your mandatorial business they slip and start doing shady s*** and then it becomes policy and from other people I've talked to over the last couple days this isn't anything new and it's affected at least three people I personally know so Newegg should be disbanded and find heavily by the Federal trade commission in my opinion they should be removed from the internet
I'm glad there is some headway being made here with them in terms of responding publicly, but the words "small number of customers" in their statement just goes to show they are still minimizing the issue to save face. Even if the number is small relative to the number of customers that haven't had this level of incompetent customer service, it is still a massive issue. The repeated use of "small" is showing they are trying to make this seem like less of an issue than it is. Which, by the looks of the online responses by followers/customers to this entire debacle, it isn't such a "small number" afterall. Seems quite widespread. Besides, they only took these steps when you guys, a customer with a giant following, got screwed over. Seems to me, had this never happened to you guys, we wouldn't be getting statements like this from Newegg. So it just feels disingenuous right now. Hopefully they take this serious and it isn't just a bunch of PR fluff to weather the storm, but I don't have much faith right now. I agree, however, that we need Newegg to get their s*** together so that there is more options on the market for builds. So in that sense, I want something good to come of all of this. Guess we will see. Thanks for the update!
Just showing off that fancy Steam Deck off... ugh so jealous
Newegg = Chinese = Dont trust them
Your statement on micro center is 100% accurate. It's insane that micro center has 2 stores in Atlanta, there's not a single store that would be in a city like Nashville.
This video needs a royalty free music bed.
Who paused the video to take a close look at the Steam Deck ?
Newegg dont fuck with your customers next time
Well done GN. But don't put too much hope on it, people from PR only talking BS, if you don't talk to their warehouse manager, all you get will be tons of excuses.
With a million-and-a-half subscribers you have a noticeable effect on their sales. It would be nice if there is some sort of change, but I'm expecting them to put on a dog and pony show for you to try and put this thing to bed as quickly as possible.
I still can't get over their insane restocking fees.  I bought a $400 monitor that, without being faulty, looked awful. Hot garbage. Insane backlight bleed and painful pixel smearing with the matte finish. To return it I'd have to pay a restocking fee and my own shipping for almost $90. My bad, right Newegg?
Not enough hair physics
Steve, thanks for covering this.  I had a very high $$ unopened return in transit to Newegg when this story hit.  (I bought a Phantom Canyon NUC on a whim and decided against it when I thought about the cost and the added $$ to get it running.)  Happy to report that I ran into no issues.  My only thought on watching this video -- I think you should have someone else read the statements Newegg makes.  I just feel like it lends your hard earned credibility to their words.  Just my 2 cents.  If they do make a real change, absolutely laud them for it.
Plot twist.....pays surprise visit to Jay and they go to Disneyland
I took journalism in High school under the wing of a great teacher. GN is handling things incredibly well IMO. I have faith in the GN Team, in Tech Jesus, to fight for us consumers, for what’s best for the tech space, with everyone’s reasonable interests in mind. You guys rock. Keep doing what you do. Much love and respect.
While Bad Egg was going some sort of distance to please GN, they were simultaneously fighting our credit card company when we filed a dispute after they sold me a defective CPU last November. Three months later Bad Egg 'somehow' turned a $580 CPU into a $172 motherboard return, saying the part was credited to my account and the deal was done. Um, no, that wasn't even part of the problem...  So my credit for the CPU was overturned, and our CC customer service people said job completed, you have to go back to the retailer to figure it out. Okay, off the the lawyer's office.
na screw new egg. i welcome bezos as my amazon overlord.
let's hope they dont pull a fast one
I find it strange that a country the size of the US basically has one PC retailer and Amazon. As a Brit/European, I never realised how lucky we are having so many major PC retailers even in such small countries.
way to go GN
as someone who works in a similar environment i wouldn't be surprised if this was the fault of a single manager or employee. they tend to have over complicated matrixes for where to route repairs depending on what issue the product is having which can get pretty confusing, especially for someone new. they def need to enact more policies and protections to mitigate the risks of this occurring as well though
Sorry. Haven't been able to afford a graphics card for the last 5 years. To hell with Newegg and PC gaming too.  Keep and use what you got, because it just isn't worth the arm and leg it costs to upgrade.   And yeah - they're pathetic. They wouldn't have done ANY of this if you didn't have such a large audience.
_"Every customer is important."_ certainly doesn't seem true since they ignored Gamers Nexus until they started posting on Twitter... they already set the narrative that regular customers don't matter and the only way to get a refund is to have a massive following. I've also seen an explosion of other stories popping up on Twitter and Reddit indicating this is pretty wide spread.
Sorry. Newegg did this on purpose, they will never get another dollar of my money. They only apologized because you caught them. Well done.
Does Steve use horse and mane on the beautiful hair?
Hmm, Head of PR is kind of a red flag for me. They have a tendency to deflect blame, sidestep questions and make things seem better than they are. While logical on their end of things, it would have been more prudent to include another person in the conversation, like say the head of logistics, or a member of their board, or someone of that nature. This whole saga is clearly a breakdown of procedures and communication on their part. Someone or multiple someone's are not doing their job and it needs to be addressed as it is making them look really bad. The PR statement tried to downplay the events. This is NOT a small number of incidents. This kind of thing has clearly happened numerous times over the course of years and they finally got caught at it. Turning a blind eye to something this erroneous only to be finally called out on it doesn't look good. It makes them look like they don't care about the customer and are moving to make quick cash. I also watched another video from another channel where they completely botched it...twice. They have a serious culture problem. It needs to change and quickly if they intend to remain a competitor in the market.
Newegg is owned by china now. its a dying company.
This is so awesome!
"some of oyu have Micro Center"  we never had that either, but we had Frys Electronics. Sadly, it died with covid. Also i wish Tiger Direct was still cool
❌Fedex❌ I’ll be great if you could this to FedEx so their employees can stop stealing/replacing our packages. They also refuse to respond to claims filed or take responsibility‼️
QUIET ON SET might be the funniest thing i've ever seen on a GN video. 11/10, Steve
Newegg is a definitely a big enough company to fix these internal problems. If they are hurting that bad for profits then they need to cut pay out of the top, not fuck over customers.
I don't care what Newegg does or says. The fact of the matter is if you didn't have a platform they would have treated you like irrelevant trash like most of us who don't have the platform to expose them. They got caught, now they're in damage control, but that can't change who they are at their core which they proved with their initial actions. It's unforgivable. I'll never buy anything from Newegg for ANY reason.
Steve feels and looks like Jesus Christ  of the tech world
LOL newegg what a joke of a company  they need to do something mega huge just to step out of the dark hole they put themselves into.  1st step would be stop lying.  2nd step would be to public apologise properly to everyone they have conned and this would have to be done by the directors.  3rd will be to do a full refund including expenses and a written apology to everyone...  they should hire people who could build up the companies reputation and sack the people directly responsible for conning the public and I don't mean the staff that was doing what they were told to do. This should be dealt with as a crime
They have been called out so now its  just damage limitation.. They should have been honest in the first place with its customers they got caught out scamming...
I wouldn't expect much from the director of PR.  Bunch of politispeak, most likely.
Hmm the guy from marketing...
For many of us it doesn't matter anymore. We're never going back to NewEgg.
New title: Newegg scrambles to do damage control as we come at them live and direct.
Those drones are super scary. 👀
lmao. imagine thinking new egg gives a fuck. Where else are you gonna buy stuff? They are gonna try to weather this storm with a few tokens of good will and improve their filters for "influencers" to avoid bad PR. That's it.
There are so many fails that should have been recognized at any point along the path of this situation.   Failure to e-waste a product that is unusable and instead resold it as open box.  Failure to inspect the item before shipping out on the open box sale (big white RMA label stating socket damage).   Failure for their RMA deptartment to see the old RMA sticker and date stating the socket damage once the product is returned.  Failure on newegg to allow a customer to escalate a dispute to someone that might be a bit smarter and see what is going on with this situation.  Every open box item needs to have a record of what it is missing,  what is damaged and offer full no questions asked refund within a reasonable time limit. Unfortunately currently companies are forced to keep bad employees as they might be the only employees they have. Of course they are not sending the people you requested to meet with.  If they really are sincere about fixing the issue, they should include someone in that list of yours to attend that meeting as well.  I started getting bad vibes from Newegg a few years ago and stopped shopping with them if I have other options.
This situation reminds ne of trying to buy a refurbished PS3 from GameStop. Three times I had to return my purchases. Because the ps3s would not run properly. They would turn on but not play games. (So their testing seemed limited to turning it on). They were also dirty. Looked like they werent wiped down or cleaned at all.
Thank you for doing the Deep Dive on this issue.  Cant wait for more updates.
Amazing work steve and team!!
I'm sorry.  Newegg has never been an awesome company.   They've always sucked.  They have this "in processing" bullshit, where they take longer than anyone else to "verify an order" which can take 1 to 3 days or who knows.  You pay for "rush processing" or express shipping, that doesn't matter.   Even in 2022 they don't show real time inventory, they don't show which warehouses they have stock so you can make an informed decision on what shipping speed to pay for.   Yes, I know they drop ship a huge amount of product from larger distributors, but those distributors have APIs that can integrate into their website.  Most normal mail-order companies, you can place an order before a shipping cutoff time (say 3pm EST) and they will ship 99% of orders out the same day.  You never know when NewEgg will get around to shipping an item.  I"ve paid for rush processing, next day shipping and gotten the product a week later.  I've chosen regular processing and free economy shipping and get it the next day.    Another thing they do is where they aren't an authorized distributor, so they will by from a bigger company like ASI, they will take the dealer rebates and subtract from the cost the CPU so they can sell a CPU below what your mom & pop shop who buys from authorized distributors are supposed to sell the chip for.  (loss leader)  but then they sell other items at not so great prices.   Sure, that's all legal, but it sucks for your smaller dealers that are trying to sell items at a (reasonable?) margin of like 5%- 12% because even if you sell at cost, NewEgg will always undercut them, and so someone wanting a custom build will see your CPU costs more than Newegg and won't even check the prices on remaining items.  They also buy gray market CPUs  (where CPUS are sold OEM in batches of 1000s to system integrators, NewEgg will buy excess inventory) also nothing illegal about this, but sucks because unlike authorized OEM CPUs (cpus sold without fan) there's no end-user warranty.   - - this is all before the scandal of refurbished/used/defective items "accidently" getting sold as "open box".  This is before the extremely bad luck that hundreds (thousands?) of people have where mysteriously their cpu socket pins get bent in shipping.   Or supposedly there's burn marks, or whatever excuses they have not to honor a warranty.   Not to mention the hoops you have to go through to get a refund  and the ridiculous times to wait for a replacement product and the total lack of quality customer service.
I can smell middle management putting pressure on lower management to "do something" to get rid of the piles of unfixed items so it stops effecting the bottom line of the return center(s). Lower management knowing they are stuck between a rock and a hard place is telling their employees (or the employees acting on their own) to just put it back on the shelf, hope for the best and washing their hands of it. Middle and upper management is happy the piles of non repairable product are gone sticking their heads in the sand not caring what is really going on.
Next time you're in Nor Cal holla @ ya boy
Alternatives to newegg in the EU include, BPM Power, Max Burns, Memory C, Elara, Komplett, Caseking, PCcomponentes, and a lot more. With EU regulations this monkey business Newegg is pulling is illegal.
Sounds like damage control. 🤣
Like apple and their "small percentage" claims. thanks for the video. Not shocking the sent a PR puppet to "explain" the situation
"Customer satisfaction is the "CORE" of our business."   ....IF that were true, these events wouldn't actually be an issue...
Well, Newegg seems to be saying a few of the right things at least. That alone doesn't mean much though. Remains to be seen if their words are meant in earnest, are competently acted upon, and the any resulting changes withstand the test of time. Things could fall apart at any of those levels.
Don't accept anything less than $2million to say Newegg is good.
I think Steve better start studying for the BAR exam. He's becoming like a lawyer for us all.
Jeezus Christ, get over it. daaaaamn.
I'm sorry for all the money you're spending to do all this, thanks for your kindness
What is this sorcery? A gamer, outside?
I hate Gamer Nexus for taken patreon money but no matter who you are, you shouldn't get screwed by a company like Newegg. But playing the devil's advocate there are real assholes that abuse the return policy sending them junk or replacing broken equipment
I stopped buying from Newegg a few years ago.
9:47 The interview vid needs to start with the opening riff to the "The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly" theme.
I will start with, my Newegg experiences have always been flawless. Even when I had a mobo lost in the mail for over a month, they sent me a new one without hassle. When I called them, after both boards showed up, I was told to keep the (likely because it was already in for their insurance claim and would have made it more of a hassle, but who cares as long as everyone is happy.)   But, GN and others having issues that are pretty freakin' big, is a big deal to me and makes me lose faith in Newegg. I certainly hope that GN and this community continues to push them to be better. And even more, I hope Newegg understands that a large portion of their business is threatened by the fact that it is us nerds that keep them open. I have ordered more then just computer parts on Newegg as gifts or something as a request from people that rely on me for their tech.  I have left messages with them over this issue to support those who have problems, and with hope that they understand that even what they try to play as a small issue, is a big issue to most of us.
lol "small number of returns" and "isolated incidents"... yeah OK thats why they sell open-box items as 'as-is'
The CCP lied, people died
It is odd that there are so few options for buying computer parts in a large place like the US. Here in UK I used 4 different suppliers, that I have found to be reliable in the past, for my recent build, and they all performed well.
Does any one else appreciate the the irony of the sponsor being be quiet? Like new egg is sitting there yelling at the screen for all of us to be quiet hahaha.
Really love the new rtx on graphics in the background, it's almost lifelike.
What can they say that will be acceptable?  You literally have the receipts that this is not a one time or even few time practice.  I think we can agree the PR statement was as cookie cutter deflection as it gets.  You're going to meet with the head spin doctor.  How are they going to convince you that they are changing?
On lunch break at work watching this, heard the seagulls as I was watching two flying around. Freaky
Great statement, just makes me wonder if it would exist without pressure from popular YouTube channel. Its not like they had internal audit and are dealing with issues found on their own!
This saga has become my favorite miniseries to watch.  I can't wait for the next episode!
My dream: Gamers Nexus becomes a major distributor of PC parts that they have personally tested and validated as good equipment
Dude went from testing pc components to Pulitzer prize reporter.
Was that a steam deck in the flight?
The birds aren't real!!!!!
Their statement is a lot of Nothing, as expected. Whether their behavior was malice or incompetence is hard to say, but when the customer literally says that they never even opened the box, you can't just try to shake them off with your usual customer service spiel. The last sentence is the only one worth anything, and even that sounds more like a temporary measure. Unless they specify how they adjusted their internal processes, I see no reason to trust them. I really hope they actually do that in your meeting. Though, honestly, the fact that they sent a PR guy, rather than someone who actually deals with the logistics and the return process doesn't fill me with confidence.
What texture pack are you using?
The depth of field / background looks silly
Im glad to see yall trying to get to the bottom of it. but fact is their statement "isolated incident" isnt true at all. I never got my refund from them in 2020. 10/10 will never buy anything from them again
11 minutes and a half..best video ever
Take that ear worm "let it go" and replace with "let them burn". I ordered a specific RAM kit (4000mhz, red heatsinks to match build) - they send me 3200mhz red. Return it unopened, they claim product was user damaged and refused to refund/exchange.
sert-if
Micro Center is the best.  Please support them if possible.
Based on their behavior,  the upper suits look like cowards.
Good luck on Newegg turning this around.  But this has been going on for a long time so it won't be easy.  The last major piece of equipment I bought from Newegg was defective and they didn't want to take it back, gave me the runaround, I saw the red flags, and that was my last big purchase from Newegg.
They'll paint a pretty picture until you walk out the door.Then,back to their old ways.Nothing is going to change with them and how they treat customers.But,best of luck to you!
They are 100% doing it on purpose.  I ordered a new motherboard and they sent me a damaged motherboard with the previous owner's RMA still in the box.  I literally had proof it was a return, much like in your case.  I spent hours and hours arguing with them.  This was no mistake because even with physical proof of what they did, they still wouldn't give me a replacement board or my money back.  If this was an accident, they would have corrected the situation.  Thankfully my credit card company came through for me and the dispute was found in my favor.  Personally, I hope they go bankrupt.
I would really like for them to improve, yeah. If for no other reason than to keep Amazon from yet another monopoly.
8:40 "accidently" ...they really think we're stupid. 8:47 you've been doing it for YEARS, this was not isolated, newegg.
Paul was the glue that held the RMA department together.
Yes
When i saw your video I bought a graphics card from new egg like 2 house before I watched it and that was the first time I bought from newegg XD
Newegg has been terrible about returns for a long time. It is only now that they became emboldened by the gpu and pc part shortages that they became brazen with their treatment of customers. They have finally abused and ripped off enough people that they did it to someone with the means to expose them for it.
I have my pop corn ready, where is the show?!
Can not wait
#steveforpresident We need more people standing up for consumers
Sending someone whos job is to spin things to meet you is a worrying sign.
I think we are more concerned with actionable plans to prevent this in the future. Talking about it only goes so far. They need to change the process and validate that it functions. This has been going on for years. Surely they knew it has been happening and it is rooted into their culture at this point.
this what always thought these platforms were made for, transparency. thank you team gn.
Thank you for doing this for the betterment of all of us who buy from and build with parts acquired from NewEgg. While I've not personally had an issue, this is a huge win for those who have. Great work, Steve.
While I agree this is dedicate PR spin so far, I look forward to the meeting. Also, for those saying "small number" as in it can't be that small, remember, it all gets rolled into percentages... What is .001% of 100,000,000 sales? That's a miniscule fraction, but still 1,000 screwed customers... As the victims of big business shady shit, we look at the 1,000 and say it's huge, while they look at the 0.001% and say it's a TINY amount. We're both right. (Think Microsoft's issues with bricking systems... It's only 0.001% of 2 billion machines. Still a tiny fraction, but a HUGE raw number, especially if you are a 3 person small business that just had your primary system hosed).  Let's wait and see...
It's sad something like this has to happen in order for something to be done. Like how many times has this happened to the average joe? How many people have been screwed over before this?  I guess if your system is that shit then eventually you're gonna get a reality check but I'm just imagining a world where this didn't happen to GN.
If they leave you alone in a room for a while just know you are being covertly recorded..
FedEx Truck just chilling on the back at the end I burst in laughter and now i have to clean coffee from all over my keyboard Btw, This is the true way of communications! you really are an example of integrity and knowledge!
Newegg has an opportunity to drive customer to itself by handling this promptly and properly. I'm sure it will not ever be the same it used to be, but it can certainly be better than taking a lark on Ebay or giving yet more cash to Amazon.
This is awesome. I'm proud to be a patron and GN store customer
Director of public relations at newegg is not the job i would want right now
Im done with newegg myself, millions spent over 20 years with my business going through them.  even if they fix this return issue, i wont come back, until they stop trying to pretend they are amazon.  the added sellers must go and with them the knockoff garbage.  I have complete faith in them fumbling.  latest scam from them, bought 3 case fans that said "sold by newegg"  then got charged nearly $200 for them and wasnt able to return them to the "seller"....   newegg will not eliminate the vendors as they make too much money from them and as an added bonus they give newegg the ability to walk away from complaints and returns.
Lol I’ve never seen a corporate email with the sender’s picture as part of their correspondence
the newegg arc is pretty entertaining ngl!
I hope you don't just sit in some meeting room with them, it'd be nice if they take you through their RMA department and show how it works and what they have changed.
Steve finally touched some grass, jk, waiting for the great coverage
Dont forget to ask them about that "Bundling super expensive GPU's with exploding power Supplies" thing I really wanna know what they are going to respond.
Newegg fumbled the ball years ago. It would take a new GEO, and all new board to reconnect with we the customer. I stopped buying newegg back in 2005 after many, many issues.
Newegg has been on a downward spiral for years. When three of my friends got a huge tax bill because Newegg gave CT all of the sales instead of starting to use sales tax was the last straw for me. I’ll never buy Newegg. Let some other company be it’s replacement
Your work here is as beautiful as your hair is with the new raytracing, Steve. I'm glad you want Newegg to shape up so we aren't all forced to deal with Joff Bozo just to be a pc gamer. Godspeed!
Can't make an omelette without breaking neweggs.
I knew it the geese are working for newegg tech jesus confirmed
Newegg needs all of their company's focus on this meeting...their future is at stake.
I’m not defending newegg as a company by the way, this crap needs to stop.  But think from another perspective. It’s a huge company. They can’t be responsible at the top for micromanaging everything. I’m willing to bet many of these “returns” that shafted the customer never actually got escalated when the customer asked it to be. I am a medical provider at a very large multi specialty group with many locations.  I have patients call to speak with me/leave a message. we have 4 women who work the front desk in our department alone. 3 of them are great. They take a message And relay it promptly to the provider it’s intended for. The 4th is a useless sack of potatoes. She literally just deletes voicemails, never relays any messages or calls. She sucks.  We are trying to get her canned, but going up the admin ladder is tough as they are always in the ivory tower.  I’m just saying this could be what’s happening here.
It's such a breakdown of communication between departments. Also, there has to be more overseeing of the recertification process of used hardware that is being sold. Maybe even a final inspection with pictures right before shipping. That would solve a ton of this he said she said bull crap. Because right now you are automatically treated as a liar when you want to return something that was "recertified".
If you are meeting at high noon, then it is probably a duel. Otherwise, you may need to bring a glove to demand satisfaction.
BeQuiet is like that kid hitting a dab rig in the background while the two other kids are fighting meme lmao
Outstanding!
"the small number of affected" i dont think newegg gets how many people they dicked over in this fashion on different products i personally know 3 people in addition to myself that have had this same experience at newegg recieve broken product cant rma newegg walks away with money.
Of course those birds work for the company! Where else did you think the new eggs came from? ;)
The Savior we need
HAHAHAHA! When he shouted at the geese! Who let Steve outside. Get him back indoors, quickly, before he gets hurt.
Green acres is the place for Steve......
Organizations (and people) screw up all the time. That's not what matters.  What matters is how they handle it.  Hopefully this is step 1 in getting back "The Old Newegg".
nice golden hour shot for the intro! Love the scenery!
My Theory:  If they sent it in for RMA and then got it back from the manufacturer.   When they got it back, they thought it was a repaired item (even though they opted not to pay) and threw it back into inventory.
Thank you Gamers Nexus! Tech Jesus for President!
What about UFD techs story?
I've got very low hope of anything good actually happening, particularly since they are seeing a PR guy to come play the "shut up and go away while I give you the corporate bs talk that'll mean nothing in the end." Quite frankly, I can see myself making the 8 hour round trip drive to go to a Microcenter sooner then I'll buy from Newegg.
Newegg has pretty crazy drone tech nowadays
Thanks to all Gamers Nexus team and Stephen personally for best in the industry journalism and staying at the light side. You have all our and the whole tech community's support! Also, I want to let you know that we love things you do with GN and in general! And again, thanks for your work!
Profits before people.  Capitalism is the disease.
First time I have seen you outdoors lol. Get some of those d-vitamins, my man!
Those geese are clearly Canadian. It is Linus spying.
That majestic ass hair always makes me smile
I don't see how this meeting would be any different from the statement already released by Newegg. Corpo and gov spokespersons are all the same, they follow an agenda. The real results will be measurable in about a year from now, by people who have experienced the RMA procedure.
We need another company to step up and sell pc parts. I was a customer of newegg for my business for over 10 years with no returns or issues then for no reason they canceled my account and blocked me from ever buying from them again. When I tried to contact them none of their reps would give any information except use a new email, name, address and credit card with a different name....I mean, really? Oh well luckily my business has not only saved money with Amazon but have access to a larger selection. Unfortunately there is no microcenter near my location.
"Small number of customers effected" Yeah.... Ooooook....
Damage control 101: Step 1: Apologize Step 2: Blame random employee Step 3: Downplay the actual impact Step 4: Claim you have improved things already Step 5: Offer temporary solution and hope it all blows over (so you can go back to scamming)
Sending in the PR rep.  I am very excited to see this discussion and how well the PR rep. can talk his way around the questions that Steve will have.
You should also ask about the explosing PSUs, how could that happen ?
fix it up newegg.  you're in the top 3 of places i shop .  CanadaComputers, Memory Express, NewEgg.  We will see what the future holds.
You will be offered the sincerest of apologies for this misunderstanding, you see they treated you as one of the normal chump customers and not as an entity with 1.58 million subscribers. A erroneous miscalculation on their part they will give you the usual spiel of due diligence and corporate values, but they will have an ULTRA Gigabyte X570 board waiting for you on the meeting room table sealed tightly in cellophane as it should be, and a gift hamper for you and your crew.   You in return will state you have rebounded confidence in new eggs ability to sell you products that aren't sold as defective, and you will publish a video stating this.  Enjoy the coffee, and the wide gamut of creamer available!
I am not really a "tech" person. I never built my own PC. But I find your channel really interesting. Also makes me find comfort in the fact I get my PC built by a local shop and bought a long warranty to cover my PC and it's parts lol... I really distrust things like prebuilds and online buying now haha
How do you, as a company, "accidentally ship e-waste" get a complaint in, see the RMA label proving that you shipped out e-waste, and then send the exact same board back with the label still attached?!?! That's not an "ooops" that's a major incident. And it's hard for me to believe that it's a small number of customers because, let's be real, how many customers do you have to do this sort of thing to before you even stand a 1% chance of getting Steve?!
So here is a couple of things I'm going to expect out of this meeting in order for me to "forgive" Newegg.   1. They need to own up to it being completely their fault and not try to put a positive spin on it. That includes saying small percentage of customers.   2. They need to be specific in how it happened. Explain whatever metric or process encourages this behavior and how that had changed and their commitment to that specific change.   3. If they attempt to dodge or deflect any critism it's not going to satisfy me. If their goal is just to meet with Steve and answer questions like they talked to a lawyer beforehand that's not gonna work. They need to have proactive statements how they are genuinely going to change and continue to give updates that change that align with whatever new philosophy they are going by (they have to have a new philosophy otherwise this apology is vapid and pointless)   If they commit exactly to what I mentioned above I'll go back and purchase products from them again.
I just want to say to all of gamers Nexus, thank you so much for going out of your way to do something like this. The fact that you guys are not letting Newegg push you around is amazing, I agree with you guys and I really hope neway can turn things around with the opportunity you guys have given them. Go with the way new egg has been responding to you guys I am very worried, I want new egg to use this opportunity to redeem themselves.
Quiet on set
disappointed you didn't add a "ghetto reporter" reference considering the background lol
ok newegg its gonna try to buy you dont take less than 25 millions
Run Newegg over the coals for this, absolutely and give them all the bad publicity they deserve.   But if there's one thing I don't like about this whole situation it's the people coming up with weird malicious conspiracy theories that this was done on purpose from start to finish.  That they went out of their way to screw a customer out of 500 dollars, then left the sticker giving the customer all the information they needed on the item to figure this out.  That's silly. It's so silly that it requires another theory to support it.  "Oh there was an employee in the warehouse with a good heart that wanted to reveal the scam and left the sticker on."  🤦‍♂️  The situation is bad enough without it being taken left field by suppositions of cartoon villain level buffoonery.
And this again is why I love this channel. You guys go the distance! I've been a follower ever since the Enermax Closed CPU cooler fiasco that you guys brought to light and helped save my Threadripper.
Newegg is just sad, they only acknowledge the situation just because it's Steve, us average joes just going to get spit on our faces. Bought a 2080s before GPUs price went haywire and literally the cooling system fell off the moment i held the card in my hand, the fans weren't even in the chassis, the little cooling fins bent in every possible direction and they just said that it was shipping issues and i didn't report the issue "on time" because i unboxed the thing 8 hours after they shipped Mine didn't even have an RMA sticker this isn't a mix-up, it's a straight up scam so yeah, fuck Newegg and everything they stand for
Oh boy I'm looking forward to that one. Their response is the exact reason I could never see myself working in marketing or public relations. So much bs talk.  Can't wait to see what their PR rep has to say. I'm sure he won't be happy to take that interview but still, I don't know how these people can sleep at night.
Sjeesh those geese. So annoying. Get a life, geese.
It's rare that a company gets better, usually they get worse to the point of bankruptcy or get bought out by a larger company. When you have golden parachutes and constant failing upwards, there's no incentive to do better.
you come there... 15 lawyers and a spokesperson there. every time a question is asked one of 'm lawyers yells: NO COMMENT!!!
Do you really think that Newegg would have even bothered replying if you weren't you? I mean, your meeting is with a DIRECTOR of the company, no other large company would waste a director's time with a standard complaint that hasn't attracted all the attention your channel has generated.  Also, by them sayign they've alreay put "new policies in place" to change the RMA process, I wonder how many jobs that cost?
Eeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy le steam deku
The downplaying of the issues is disgusting. They are not sorry, just sorry they got caught.
Just wanted to say this "Newegg Saga" has earned you a subscriber. I had seen a few of your videos when searching or when I have seen them recommend by the Lord High Algorithm. But this fiasco and your response has convinced me to be a regular
Looking like a chick outdoor
I don't believe for a second that Newegg is going to change their scamming ways at all.
you are getting assasinated by corporate, aren't you? :D
Please do a secret shopper for newegg.
The CEO should attend that meeting.
It is actually cheaper to fly from my country to a microcenter in the US and buy a high end gpu.
Thanks for following through and putting their feet to the fire.  I too have a long history of purchases from NewEgg (ah the good ol days). But have been avoiding them in recent years, mainly since their opening up their platform to third party merchants.  It was then that they lost the relationship with me that had been built up and they became just a convenient place to order things. With their attitude towards customers during the whole graphic card bundling fiasco, then downgraded to a place where I would only order something if I couldn't find it anywhere else.  Looking forward to seeing whether they earn a spot back as one of the first websites I look to for tech purchases.  Why o why can't we get a Northern CA Microcenter?! hehehe
I'd like to see them scrap the marketplace listings. Those listings not sold and shipped by Newegg and can be excessively priced or bad listings. They are often Newegg used to be my goto when I needed to recommend a store, but I haven't recommended them since the marketplace listings because it's less obvious to know who is selling the item.
Who cares, your a big fish and we don't have backing so.. We will continued be butt fudged!
Thanks god for Gamers Nexus
They are only sorry because they got caught. If GN had'nt called them out then non of this would be happening and they would be continuing to rip people off
If Microcenter had any thought of expanding their business model, now is the chance. They already have better prices than Newegg from what I've seen. Huge risk though with the current market availability for inventory. The more competition, the better for the consumer. I've just moved to an area with a store within a 30 minute drive, so we'll see how their customer service is.
ask them why they sell gpus for a lot more than they should be thus causing prices to be EVEN HIGHER from 3rd party sellers.
Newegg isnt going to change. You arent going to help them. They dont care. They are going to do what they want no matter what you say. You're over blowing your importance and role in their business. But it's still interesting to see.
Will they have a process to re-review previous cases where customers have been forced to accept an RMA outcome that Newegg were disingenuous about?
I hope they go out of business. Scammers don't deserve to excuse themselves and keep at their game. Fuck you to Newegg, and frankly fuck you for affording them the opportunity to sidestep everything. They cancel subscriptions, close down accounts, block your access after winning a shuffle, refuse RMAs for superfluous reasons until you spend weeks grinding your fucking teeth on the phone with them. I'm not the only one. This isn't isolated behavior. This isn't only recently. This will not stop. Way to raise PR hell just to let them shrug it off and go back to doing this harder than before.
Man, ask em where my SSD is while you're there, hah. Got tired of waiting and ordered a second one from best buy yesterday. That one will be here tomorrow. Newegg's has been sitting at their warehouse for over a week now, supposedly waiting for "carrier pickup."  Thanks for this story and the monstrous amount of effort you're putting into it. Gamers Nexus is awesome and you truly are Tech Jesus
is that gamer Jesus?
Steve,  The problem here is that it took you to raise this concern for them to address it, all the other customers who tried to raise concerns were completely ignored. If RMAs were this big of a problem, I can only think that the rest of the company's processes are or were formulated using problematic systems that result in issues like these. For the people that used to work in any type of factory where returns were handled, this is obviously an approved from corporate practice to help net the company money. Ask any other product test engineer or technician who deals with returns, they will tell you the same exact thing, this isn't even in the realm of possibilities unless there are deliberate steps to ensure it happens. Best of luck to Newegg, but I don't care if they gave everybody a free graphics card, I am done shopping with them. Thanks.
Someone needs to inform Newegg that there is a word for a series of similar isolated incidents. "Pattern," Newegg, the word you're looking for there is "pattern."
Logic question:  If they've denied an RMA for legitimate reasons, how are they supposedly going to locate the "affected" customers who were cheated out of their legitimate RMA?
newegg is still owner by the chinese. both literally and in the products that they sell. although logically they can't profit well if they don't succeed.
Help them???, what, just be honest?  Why would you need to help them with that?  People naturally KNOW HOW to be honest..
“A small percentage” ok apple
Definitely the best way to cover this
NGL, I lost all hope once I saw Newegg was sending a PR guy to meet with you.
In a sense, it doesn't matter what this PR guys says, but I will watch the video and listen to what he does say.  Today's New Egg is nothing like the New Egg of the past.  I honestly don't know what it would take from them, or how many years of a better track record of actual actions would be required for me to see them in a non-negative way or as a "last resort" to get items.
I always like to see big companies how they panic when they got caught in some silly and stupid shenanigans... Almost every big company abusing their position.. on a small scale.. till they hit the big rock, than they start to cry and try to do everything to prove how they care about every single human being on this planet.. sure..  Every company need to have a maintenance with their staff once a while.. as you have with your pc components.. clean the dust etc.. to make your component to work more efficient and better right... Some department doing it wrong.... and marketing department taking the hits and look like a clowns..
Glad Newegg is ready to speak directly to you (us).
Ray traced studio set, unexpected but awesome upgrade
I'd love to hear if them being bought a couple of years ago is when things went to shit there. Since that's about the last time I felt good buying from them
Birds don't real. The geese model of drone interrupting you but have been leased from the government to new egg
I recently watched Smarter Every Day's longer video of Puget Systems on their second channel. Destin really got a detailed look at how they operate. Nothing but integrity, transparency, they just do everything the best way possible. Every single build is photographed a few times as it happens and the photos are sent to customers via updates so they get to see the status of their build as it happens. It would be awesome for Newegg to go just as transparent, admit all guilt and lay out their plan to do better for us. Maybe invite some tech channels to do some warehouse tours and lay out the new process vs the old one. Admitting guilt and following up with big change and transparency could really turn this thing around for them.
Amazon is secretly loving this.   I'm sure every mom and pop shop is, too.
I'm glad I dont have to order from amazon or newegg
"Its a scouting mission!" LOL
Newegg has been great to me. I been buying from them since i startet building computers. I just bought another motherboard (new) and returned one without the issues. I only buy items from newegg claiming shipps from newegg. I do not buy Chinese items that are listed on their website
Lucky for Steve it did not rain this morning as it was 70% chance it would when I check last night.
It doesn't really matter what they say or promise. I will never buy from Newegg again. They burned that bridge and no amount of backpedaling will change my mind.
It's good RottenEgg wants to fix these problems. How about asking them to refund the people they have screwed? That would be much more meaningful than promises.  Thank you for your important work Gamers Nexus!
Is that recorded with RTX on ?
New egg got me my GPU and a CPU and a few buddies Xboxes in the shuffle... Personally have yet to have an issue with them, hope they can make it right for all those that got burned.
Bless everyone at Gamers Nexus 🙏 doing God's work for all of us
"We decided to take Newegg up on their offer to have a conversation." "This video is brought to you by Be Quiet!" -- When brand names fall into videos in the RIGHT place. XD
Its a SCOUTING MISSION ^_^ lol
Steve this series has made me become a Patreon for the first time on any channel.  This is the kind of tech journalism we need and I am enthusiastic to be a part of what you're doing.  Thank you for representing us.
*LOVE IT!*  Newegg's incompetence has turned into great content and very lucrative for you GN.  Congrats buddy and thanks for being the mouthpiece for us small time buyers.  Stand strong for Joe Customer.
So in the end its pretty easy to fix, right? Just spend 14 years creating a YT channel and Done, ez.... :)
I’m one of those “small number of people” and no one has reached out to me.
ITs not over until the bearded lady sings!
They use the word open box as a way to "get out" of trouble. Saying it was all open box and that's how things got mixed up.  What about all the stories I heard about brand new products and people getting screwed over.
The only way they will change is if someone else buys them out and replaces everyone in charge of running things, I have yet to see a bad manager or boss change the way how they like to do things.
Basically this so far just sounds like corporate speak when you have to make sure you don't take any legal liability/express any degree of fault since that could later be used against them in potential lawsuits. I don't fault them for this, any major company literally has to do this or they would be destroyed in seconds even by accident.  But what I'm also saying is, their words so far changes nothing. Actions speak louder than words, and they will have to prove they are willing to change their ways. Not just say it.
Thank you for being our voice in this matter.
Let's hope this doesn't turn into Newegg sat on a wall. Newegg had a great fall. Nobody could put Newegg back together again.
The problems that have been happening to us consumers isn't really the core of the issue.  Its that they (New Egg), as a company have been getting thousands of tickets telling them they are wrong and mailing out defective, pre owned products at msrp. And when called the fuck out they double down and blame us the consumer even if we havn't opened the fucking product yet and tell us to get fucked.  I just built a pc and was given the wrong graphics card that is 100$ cheaper than the one I bought, and was told I was lucky I got that.  The ONLY reason that they are trying to be "transparent" now is because nexus has a giant audience to crush their platform on, and would have continued these dogshit lies if given even an inch of opportunity. If you (anyone reading this) think calling them out is going to change anything you're part of the problem. They don't care that they are in the wrong. They care that they got caught and it may affect their margins.  I will NEVER use New Egg again. Need a new word for pathetic, because Amazon being the lesser of two evils is exactly that.
Oh fuck he's going back on his word. I knew he would fold!
They're just go to say some bs and keep doing what they've been doing.
huh so that what real grass looks like
How is newegg going to be honest and transparent about scamming its customers? The meeting will just be them snaking around questions and giving non answears whilst also saying they will rework their RMA process
show up with a cowboy hat and a toy revolver :D :D
"Very small numbers" ... "isolated incidents" ... "small number of customers." These are Damage Control buzzwords which actually mean that they think this is not a big deal.  I predict a corporate fail simply because they are not truly calling this *their* problem -- they are not truly owning their mistake. I would respect them if they did. Their statement tells me that they are desperately trying to minimize their culpability. They most likely would not have cared about the "small number of customers" if their shady practices had not been exposed by a YouTube channel with 1.58M subscribers.  Thanks GN.
Meeting with someone in PR will probably turn out to be a waste of your time. They only know talking points. They'll just reiterate that letter and constantly say "small numbers of people". Newegg's return policy has always been terrible. Remember last year when all you tech tubers praised them for finally changing the return policy? They haven't changed at all though. Especially worse with the new ownership. So, just make sure the PR person answers the questions and doesn't just provide statements. If there are changes going to be made, they should be able to provide internal e-mails and memo's outlining those changes. If they don't have that proof, then it's just PR being PR.
Birds aren't real, they are new egg spies
even without this latest scandal newegg is always scum.
Normally, I really only catch your videos when I see them in the history or LTT references you. That being said, I have now subscribed to you as well.
I suspect you'll get public jargon and vague answers like a politician would give at a press conference. I doubt they will give specifics as they will try not to make themselves look bad. This is how larger companies directors and upper management I've worked for tend to answer questions, even to internal lower employees. Wish you guys the best with your trip.
they call scam - error, doesn't sounds good.
Need you to start your own Newegg replacement company.
Awesome seeing you guys continually using your powers for good. Newegg deserves a kick in the balls over this. Sad because I've bought a lot of parts from them in the past and generally have had a good experience. I think it's just as effective if not more so to treat your customers right and build loyalty over being shady to cheat people out of their money.
10k more views in just the time it took for me to write my comment lmaooo.
Steve will be missing by the end of the day... NewEgg will have him wrapped up in bubble wrap and sold as Like New by the end of the day.
Bla bla bla
Should give Newegg a good month and a half, then have the guys with a platform secret shopper the hell out of them and see exactly how much smoke they are blowing up our asses.
PR at newegg will only tell you what you want to hear; personally i'd avoid being placated in their attempt to make their fraud look like innocent mistakes
we gonna have completely newegg.
Transparency from Newegg is vital in this process. Words are just words. If they are worried about competitors seeing internal processes, then they should be way more concerned about their loss of reputation. Also, I am a very casual, average computer user. I've built one PC 4 years ago. I don't buy much. But I also don't keep up with tech industry news. I had no idea that Newegg's reputation has degraded so much over the years. That's how far this story has penetrated.
After 12 years of issues purchasing from NewEgg, I can't even begin to tell you how thrilled I am to see them being called out like this so broadly across the entire internet.  You've basically lit the beacons of Gondor.  I just hope this ends in positive change for them.
4:37 was way funnier than it had any right to be
Very intelligent and absolutely right.
Crazy good green screen work in this video! 👍
Just like Apple alway does: pretend the amount of affected customers is very small. Always downplay the problems. UFD Tech Brett has a video with more discutabele behavior from Newegg.
Good job on this guys. Cant wait to hear what Newegg has to say. I havent bought anything from them in years thanks to Amazon but what youre doing is great. Looking forward to the discussion.
they are mostly drop shipping now anyways,right? LET THEM DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6:37 That profile picture of "Steffani" is so cringeworthy it's painful. I would have a very difficult time taking anyone with a picture like that seriously in any professional context.
Their press release is bull, their conduct is willful and its not a small amount of customers. They are clearly trying to discredit you with the "small amount of customers" line. It didn't just come to their attention because it's been going on for years and their position has always been, the businesses selling on their platform are in complete control of their return. I have a message from them that clearly states it, they knew what people were calling and complaining about, so the idea that they didn't know is simply not true. I get the situation is good for you and your channel, but don't sell out and don't suck up to Newegg
fix ur shit newegg. however i wont be buying anything from you again.
Thank you PC Jesus
Get honked lmao. Goose: 1 Steve: 0
It's unbelievably naive to think they weren't aware of this, come on. Then they pick someone not from your list to meet with? This is bush league, dude. You're gonna get a nothing interview with their spin doctor. This is already leaving a bad taste in my mouth. They're already brushing it off with that tweet. I've seen these situations happen too many times before in tech, nothing will be different. The microscopic "Open Box" designation is still there, a wildly easy fix to have made after customer complaints.
The logical option for them to end on top of this disaster us to throw an executive under the bus. Fire someone who they blame for pushing the scam, and not a low tier employee.
Assuming the meeting hasn't occurred yet, I would absolutely let them know that the Director of Communication is fine, but that you won't accept "i don't know" answers if there are technical staff that could easily and quickly answer them.
Gamers Nexus is Chaotic Good at this point. I bet Newegg currently in a "confused screaming" state.
Their PR statement addresses the mouse in the room, but not the elephant…
Like to see if any customers affected by this in the past actually get a refund.
Absolutely amazing Steve but be sure not to give them scammers an easy time , they have screwed over so many customers it's unreal. They need to understand how businesses work.... if you help your customers at a small % of there profit when it's there fault then these customers will continue to spend with them. If they want to continue stealing customers money for a small % of profit then you lose revenue long term. It's really not difficult to understand but I can't wait to see this interview and again amazing job.
hearing of your "duopoly" situation it is really weird  here in germany you have so many options for retail sale: mindfactory, alternate, notebooksbilliger, caseking and many more  amazon never is an option for me
Actually my go-to has been Tiger Direct for years. New Egg is my second choice.
GN yall need to tell newegg that one of the main problems is that they farm out their customer service to different companies. If they dont have any in house customer service then customer service HAS NO POWER and can't do anything. I told CS straight up that they were about to lose a decades old customer who had spent 10s of thousands of dollars over a 100$ psu (the gigabyte one) and that I would gladly take any other product they were trying to get rid of and bundling instead, and pay the difference. They refused. They refused to take it back until they sent out the email to everyone, and when I emailed them that I wanted my refund they ignored me AGAIN. Newegg DOESN'T CARE is the impression that every single person at customer service has given off in the past 5 years. This is because they have no power to do anything about it, policies of newegg, or just bad employees. They'll never get me back as a customer because of how I was treated, and the rediculous dichotomy of their bullshit PR speak and the customer experience. Their loss though, I run a small business building PCs for people. Thats the risk they run treating people like this. They have no idea who they are screwing over.
I desperately want newegg to be able to improve but hold their feet to the fire. Steve & all of Gamers Nexus you rock for doing this. Amazing work!
If you want to buy pc parts try gamestop :D yeah I know just give it a chance ^^
Do u want to have a conversation or ..... like pedo busters 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wow. Lets rant about this more. This gives us views! yey!
Even 10 person hobby shops have (paper based) internal tracking of S/Ns, not down to individual screws, but pretty small companies will know what they sent out to the dumpster or to which customer. Smells like systemic error created and/or enforced by management.
The sad thing is;   If the new business model of giving big FU to customers is financially sound to newegg, they will chose this option. and really, they "should".    uuuuuuntil it is no longer financially beneficial, due to continued loss of clients. It's a fine balance really.
Small number of return xd sound like apple 😂 hope it end well and waiting for next video on the matter
HI, First I want to say that i dont exactly know the problems or issues going on with New Egg. I have used them with success on pc parts. I am also a pc hobbyist and love this industry.  I am an online seller of a very wide variety of products. What i can say, with over 15 years of selling, is that the pc and console gaming community is the absolute worst to deal with. When i say the worst, this is putting it lightly. No other categories of items are even close to the returns ive had to deal with. Its so horrendous that we stopped selling anything pc and gaming. The amount of money we have lost due to fraudulent claims is absolutely sickening. This includes sending other items back to us, buyer damaged products, swapped products etc. This is done so there tracking can be proved coming back to us, but when its another item, swapped, broken etc; now its our word versus theirs. in addition most of these scammers leave negative feedback to try and bolster their claim, while destroying sellers reputations, and its disgusting. There are simply too many young people that dont care how they are hurting other people. Its simply not worth the hassle any longer, and its sad to see so many corrupt and evil people that are drawn to these industries.
Is be quiet! a subtle reference to Monty Python and the Holy Grail?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM  This here is proof of them just being a shady company that has already broken the benefit of the doubt. There is no more doubt. They are a shit company either they are malicious. Or they are just incompetent and maybe that is why their stock is down 60% over the last 6 months. Either way, not a company I would ever invest in or buy from anymore.  People need to stop giving companies the benefit of the doubt. They have the man power and resources to know what is going on. Unless a company is brand new and has 4 employees. This shit is not gonna happen unless they know about. After all the people and what happened and has been happening for years. It's clear this is just them trying to save face and just going over onto the other side to try and win you back by saying oh now no questions asked returns on open box. I bet that will only look better on paper but they will still try screwing over enough of you by sending this shit in the first place.  The fix should have not needed to be the returns thing, but rather making sure they are sending out working shit. The way they present the returns is that we will try to screw you still, but if you catch us, you can return it now. lol.
i wouldn't be surprised if you walk up to New egg to just get served some papers lol
Here’s how it’s going to go. Gamer nexus will meet with Newegg and Newegg will have all the sweet nothings you’d like to hear on camera, but then go right back to screwing the customers.
Steve mentions people having a Micro Center, I do and I really appreciate them being a 40 minute drive away, That being said, there was a time not long ago when Newegg was the better of the two by far for two main reasons....  Newegg was always much cheaper, that has changed, there are no longer deals to be had at Newegg and I am assuming that is because of the demands of MAP.  The second big reason to shop Newegg vs brick & mortar was sales tax, lack of to be precise...  These were two huge reasons and now they are gone.
Nice of you to go to Cali so the process server knows where and when to find you. NOT saying you deserve one, I'm on your side.
I don't know if this opens them up to any legal issues, but I would really like some transparency on what process issues they identified and what changes they've made in an attempt to resolve them.  Hopefully their improvement didn't involve firing someone, I'd rather see them learn from their mistakes and make improvements rather than "start from scratch."
FYI substring to GN doesn't just make them money, it makes them a bigger news organization giving them more stroke to strong arm their way into companies like Newegg when something stinks inside and show us the bullshit they try to hide.
I know this is gonna be a horribly disliked comment...... got loads of respect for you guys, but man cut that hair and start looking professional!
be better if they gave you a tour of returns to see the error
Meeting with Newegg so they have an oportunity to give us their lip service is about as interesting as watching paint dry. The only way Newegg is going to learn that they HAVE TO change their business model from a crooked one to something people actually want is if people stop spending money with them, and make it unprofitable to continue acting as they too often do. May they suffer all the infernal hatred they are due. Frankly, it's all a decade too late, I'm afraid. Plus, with competition like Amazon Prime, they have some real challenges to overcome. However, since they don't really have a choice, I expect to see some real improvements in the near future. Let's just hope it's enough to keep some competition in the market.
Those 1.58M subscribers on your youtube channel sure helped in getting a reply from them. Your normal joe without a big channel has no hope if Newegg blame them for the damage that newegg caused.
So steve became a reporter. Reporting now from newegg HQ. With a big mic with GN logo on it.
"oh, we just had a few mixups, and will improve our handling of returns" listen here you little s***. it's not a mixup or "an error" when an RMA sticker is clearly visible on a motherboard that was sold as an open box item. that's deliberate deceit, false advertising, and likely fraud. judging by the breadth of complaints about this exact problem, it is almost certainly company policy to pull this crap with damaged items, solely so the company doesn't have to foot the bill. once is an accident, twice is a coincidence, thrice is suspicious, hundreds of times is policy. there was no accident here. it was malicious. the only 'accident' you could point to, is newegg not realising their scam was coming into contact with a channel that has a very significant following.
I’ve almost forgotten what real journalism was like, this is excellent.  Just don’t get manipulated by their Chief propaganda officer, that’s their job.  I’m confident in your guys 👍
Good job man. The community is lucky to have you guys looking out for us all. Thanks for everything you guys do!
Thank you, so amazing that little man got his voice. Appreciate it so much
Maybe they can address the 3rd party sellers scalping products. The seller Platinum Micro for example is extremely egregious
"Quiet on set!!"  Seriously though, the fact you are going above and beyond will hopefully be appreciated by future enthusiasts as well.
Steve: Quiet on set!! Those poor souls: Imma head out.🤕
Your like help me howard!! Instead help me Steve for tech!
I purchased some RAM to restore an older but awesome laptop. I didn't read the reviews because I bought name brand RAM and the reviews where bad when it was taking awhile for my RAM to show up. Newegg needs to remove Thirdparty vendors!
Gunna need more than a tweet of them saying "yeah we looked at our process and fixed it" to bring me back. How many times have we heard the police doing "internal investigations" only to absolve themselves of any wrongdoing? Same thing here really. If companies can spend millions on advertising they can do more than a teensy little tweet to restore buyer confidence. For now, Microcenter has my business.
LOL!! Cautiously Optimistic....Well it sounds like they are sending you a Spin Doctor to talk to( PR rep ) so dont hold your breath. GL and Give No Quarter!!
We are committed to excellence and we really care. Along those lines we've done an internal audit and found we did nothing wrong.   They are already starting with "small number of errors. Small number of customers".   Weasel words. How could you possibly know how many customers have been screwed?
Newegg ripped me off with a DOA motherboard...
We will pay you to come interview us and make us look good please!
If only other journalists in different industries were like you.
Yeah I don't buy it, I'm just failing to see what incentive Newegg has to suddenly lose likely millions of dollars they've fraudulently earned just to appease public relations. At this point their modus operandi has to be a conscious business decision and in almost ALL circumstances it's much cheaper for them to dance around it and pay lip service about fixing it rather than actually fixing it and lose their stolen riches.
Lol Newegg is full of it
Funny thing is it isn't just influencers getting messed up, they do it too businesses too. Just small businesses most of the time don't have a platform to expose it or money to fight legally. It would be cool if influencers could reach out or work with businesses who couldn't defend themselves.
Some of us remember when tiger direct was good.  They to got overly greedy and are now gone.  Same can happen to NE.
Miss Farmer could also take care of my hardware, just sayin'
We are committed to excellence and we really care. Along those lines we've done an internal audit and found we did nothing wrong.   They are already starting with small number of errors. Small number of customers. Weasel words. How could you possibly know how many customers that have been screwed?
The newegg scouts are coming! Be wary of them birds or you will become dressed in white! And not the getting married kind lol
Whats going on sounds like they brought in some  corporate sleezbag with a large golden parachute and they're just squeezing every penny they can to maximize short term profits while killing the company long term because they win either way. Probably panic from profit loss from Amazon in recent years being the main catalyst.
I wanted to say something on the last video but here it is. I wish I could see for myself how many people open a product, fuck it up, then return it saying they never opened it or it was damaged when they opened it. I don't know how it can be fixed, maybe it can't, but it will always be a problem.
In the age of ordering anything online and with prices basically fixed with all online retailers, the only way to win is by having great customer service. Without it, your company will fail no matter how quickly you get your product. I have actually stopped ordering from Amazon because of this issue.
I’m genuinely excited about this video.  I sincerely hope Newegg can clean up, because the more competition we have, the better.  I’ve avoided them over the stuffing me on a cheap case.  Petty, I know, but that one fiasco was enough to turn me off.
Confirmed birdsarentreal.
You should also ask Newegg regarding the tying bundles with the bombing PSU.
womp womp...
I appreciate your advocacy for the consumer and coming at it both as a news reporter and as a consumer.  Be safe, and have a safe trip.  Also, I'd love for you to ask them how they plan to right the wrongs from past issues to win back customers lost to this debacle.
Kudos to Eric for his willingness to go the extra mile. I see the Newegg issue as the same as computer brick & mortar retail went through in the early 2000's. They started cutting corners on returns which was an indication that their margins were getting squeezed and they needed to cut costs. It's no lie that many people abuse return policies for their own edification, its the largest reason that the DIY retail market died, with MicroCenter surviving.  It's also no lie that return volumes in the US between Thanksgiving until late January are off the charts as people decide that the gift was not what they wanted nor expected. Remember when DD-WRT first came out? I used to find mountains, I mean huge numbers or refurbished Linksys WRT-54's that were returned because they were bricked. Linksys hired a reflasher and they were reboxed and sold with no warranty. How many motherboards are returned to Newegg because some noob misflashed his $599 board?  Only Newegg can say, but these are the challenges resellers have when supporting the DIY market.
Love Your approach to this case and its a shame than Linus don’t care anymore…
“Doesn’t want Amazon to be the only computer hardware retailer?” - GameStop has entered the chat
great to see a dialog being opened and an opportunity to deal with this situation. Hopefully they are truthful and honest in their response regarding this problem
They arent sincere. Boilerplate I got caught apology
Information feedback RE i9 12900K Overheating  To the two most brilliant online experts?  I started a new build in JanuaryZ690 MSI Edge DDR4 Corsair Dom 3600 Corsair HX1000 Samsung 980Pro Corsair H115I water cooling  At stock Frequencies the cpu temps were hitting MAX all the time on any bench test. On the MSI board there are voltage ranges depending on the cooler specified. I dialed it back to a "Box" cooler limiting the wattage to 214W Still red lining. Bought a new cooler Corsair H150i Cappelix because I thought I was doing something wrong. Much better but still red lining under load. Sent CPU back to the shop for RMA. Just had RMA report back "Missing some Cores" Replaced!  Conclusion, Production line and testing not fit for new architecture. Anyone with overheating i9 12900K's send them back, it's not your brain bending, it's a CPU production problem.
:D
You guys should check out UFD tech video about new egg before your meeting.
they also need a head of a technical department, you know, someone that knows about the hardware we want
I appreciate that you're trying to give them a fair chance to make things right, but Newegg is a Chinese company now. They're not going to stop trying to scam people. It's just the way Chinese companies do business. Cultures are different, and cultures matter.
Keep punching!
"Small number of customers" - is this Apple?
The title of video shouldve been: "Old man yelling at geese."
Been waiting for this video sice I saw the community post
Just have to compliment the GN team and Steve on all of this so far.  You guys really come across very unbiased and fair.  I wish a lot of other media outlets followed suit.  Identify the problem, try and resolve it, find other parties with identical problems, then give the company or subject the chance to fix it and communicate their side of the story.  This could easily be a burn story, but you guys are giving them the chance to fix this, and even hoping they come through for the sake of consumer choice within the industry and keeping Amazon from having a monopoly.  Great job guys!  Can't wait to see the update.
Tech journalism like this is why I am subscribed to you guys. Thanks on behalf of those without a platform.
4:44 Be careful out there Steve, all this journalism you're doing is giving you a big crosshair target on your back, be on the lookout for spies in the form of birds
Do not let them use "the thing that shall not be named" as an excuse.  This sh*t has been going on for years... way before this "thing" happened.
11:17 I jumped, thinking something is falling on Steve
Being in Canada hopefully they fix it without bungling.
Steve, I often think that brands will end up using a  gamers nexus certified value for noise and airflow on many of their cases; when I think about that I wonder if it’ll make it harder and harder for you to anonymously get parts that aren’t adulterated for that specific reason. It’s like if you get a binned super high gpu or cpu that over performs 95% of its stock, but since you’re you, they’ll make sure you get the positive outlier. I have every expectation for you to be able to still sidestep that, and being a completely unadulterated BBB for technology. I appreciate you keeping companies honest and earnest, and please for the love of god venture into cars! Joking aside I hope your mountain bike channel takes off and expands to road bikes. I would love better insight on integrity of shifters and brakes on road bikes
Props to Steve and the team for going above  and beyond on this situation, doing what they can to see no one else gets shafted.   Good luck with the meeting, I hope you manage to connect with Newegg and help them make progress. Epic content. 👍
Let’s make newegg lose over a billion 💰 maybe they will learn their lesson
I actually miss Tiger Direct...
NewEgg was bought out by a Chinese guy... stopped using them
"We are also reaching out to this small number of customers who may have been affected by these errors" I wonder if anyone can confirm this
Too little too late, will not be shopping at newegg ever again.
I miss the old newegg.
I love this story, but 11 minute video for what is essentially "saying the same thing over and over" is boring AF
i really miss the old newegg from the amd barton days......i hope they see there errors and become the company it use to be
I think Newegg is going to try and fix this and as soon as the storm has passed go right back to what they were doing before
Hard to imagine anything changing.  Their current practices, whatever they are, are already baked deep into their business and how they make money. Making the necessary _drastic_ changes called for are therefore a big longshot on their accountant's spreadsheet.  You will only be talking with a slick PR person. From their side, that is how they will feel more comfortable strategically. They will want to "win" the video and that will be the strategy. Nothing specific will be explained.  Just my random guesses.
Why give them a 2nd chance? You already gave them multiple chances to resolve this issue. When they thought you where a nobody they gave you the middle finger, but once discovering your a person with a following all of a sudden its a completely different story. They been preparing for that meeting to sell a story to make them not look like bad people. Usually the same old baseline of something like " no company is 100% perfect but we try to get as close as possible, so sometimes mistake are made, but now we see a flaw and we are going to put policies in place to make sure it never happens again, because customers come first (clearly right?)". They probably already offered you discounts or items in a form of an apology that this happen to you, but really its a way of manipulation. My mind is already made up that this is a shaddy company and their fabricated apology or excuses will carry no weight with me, because like I said they had ever opportunity to try to make it right but refused to do so until learning about who you were. Just imagine all the people they have already pulled this crap with who never got a refund.
"If you have Microcenter near you, awesome" Got 2 within an hour of me in Georgia #blessed Here's hoping for a NC location in your future!
4:40 Have some respect for the majestic bird of Canada! 🤣🤣🤣  I'm J/K, they're always inconveniently there when you least expect it!
Even online auctions have better return/refund police than this...
and I am still amazed how comfortable people are with flying.
Whats wrong with letting Newegg burn out and die? I'm tired of businesses getting the opportunity to correct themselves just to go back and do some other shady shit.  Newegg has never done anything special and doesn't deserve our time as a company. They are no different from Amazon and should be treated as such. Just because we feel nostalgic towards them doesn't mean they care about us.
I think the problem is that Newegg isn't beholden to Newegg anymore.  Now they report to an offshore company and at their whim of whatever they decide to do.
They are using apple`s textbook bull shi  saying a "very small number of cases". So I guess they are not really apologising.
If you guys make another trip to silicon valley, hit me up and I will bring you some of the best burritos in the state. There are a couple of different options here in the south bay.
The mixup excuse is contradicted by their claim that they put customer satisfaction first. The two problems can't coexist, because if they cared about their customers, they could have easily listened to GN (when Steve was posing as an average customer), performed the same investigation as GN, and identified the mixup themselves.
Uuuuuugh that steam deck flex was great. Can't wait for mine
Steave is out side to test exploding PSUs so he can throw them in a trench he created 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I bought my 2070 super from B&H Video lol. Not something they normally carry (probably why I got a good deal). Package was late, they told me it would be before I could even noticed, and personally kept me posted on the package (even though they could easily just tell me to check tracking). Better customer service than Newegg from a WAYY smaller company. No excuses Newegg
It seems that this is about worn out...I think NewEgg has taken the point made about "open box" sales and their policy that go with them. I cannot imagine how they might deal with the volume in returns and trying to save useable new parts that the public buys...plays with and likely has no real experience in working with, becomes frustrated and in a poor mood likely, puts what they think are all the parts back into the original box then returns to get their original cost back. I am amazed that they all get their money returned and mainly because those all included parts didn't likely get returned and in the same condition that they were sold. This is where that 30 day return policy has to have some gray area due to how sales are done, through the mail and not in person. NewEgg is taking the risk that most of the public will return what was sold in full yet, its not likely that is how it is working each and every day. I'd bet a lot of those returns are not even the same parts that were sold to customers in the first place in attempt to scam NewEgg.  In a past video, Steve had suggested there were dogs hairs on that motherboard...how does that happen? Are component purchasers really that careless? I'm sure NewEgg has seen all when it comes to having to take back an item and its contents/accessories under that return policy then, an employee or a system has to examine those returns for integrity. That must be one big job...there are thousands of products and I'm very sure there isn't one person in southern California that could know enough about that many products to know if this model or that make was returned fairly.   Probably it would have been best if this particular matter was handled by telephone? Texting and emails tend to be rather impersonal when it comes to doing a business transaction that is more complex than simply buying an item on line.
You are a legend
You bought a motherboard when Newegg's web site order page said the Item is an "Open Box" item, to me this clearly indicates that this item is a "Purchase As-Is" item, which means you get what you get and there's no warranty and no refunds on this item. What Newegg should do is make this more clear on their site so that there is no customer misunderstanding of this item. That Open Box item you purchased was previously sold to a customer and then returned to Newegg either for a refund or a replacement. Newegg is not responsible for that previous customer attempting to install a CPU improperly on that motherboard and bending pins, so when that previous customer returned that motherboard to Newegg, they put it back on their web site as an 'Open Box' item, and since that cpu slot pin was damaged, its not Newegg's fault, because they did warn you it was an "Open Box" item, but to your credit Newegg should make that Open Box warning in BOLD and in FLASHING RED for prospective buys like you to see before clicking on that purchase button. I cannot understand how anyone can expect a refund on any purchased 'Open Box' item. You buy it you own it, damaged or not.
Eric: frankly taking notes like preparing for a test he didn’t study for.
Finally, a worthy opponent. This battle will be Legen.. wait for it - dary. Legendary!!
Wow! Steve in the wild I don't think I've ever seen him outside nor have the geese you know they could have just been saying hi maybe they're fans. No wait the tin foil guys tell me all birds are robots. You're right Steve they work for Newegg.
B & H Photos are a safe bet.
What would be best is for Newegg to show what went wrong and what they did to fix it and how those fixes will improve customer satisfaction going forward. That won't help all naysayers, but those with an open mind would likely approve of that approach. This will be a "show, not tell" type of situation.   To me, Newegg is almost a first stop shop when I'm searching for hardware. Before PC Part Picker, Newegg had the best way to filter parts down to what was needed, had the pictures and the details of those parts to make the buying experience as hassle free, mistake free as possible. They still have the best filtering for computer parts. It's just that I've started trending to Amazon for those purchases after I found what I need, since Amazon generally had a better buying experience (as opposed to a better browsing experience).  I agree with GN's statement, We'd rather have competition than to let Amazon own the online marketplace.
I have that hoodie :) Looking forward to the showdown, pew pew!
what ever happened to tiger direct? I vaguely remember buying from them in the late 90's.
GN is here for the people. I can't wait until the PC fan industry is in ruins and GN can attack the fake USB thumb drive situation.
It was 80f 2 days ago…
You’re fighting for the people and I appreciate it. Gods speed GN
Never let a good opportunity for Legal+PR to write your position statements. Ex: "may not have been thoroughly inspected" - both "may" and "thoroughly" are the legal escape clauses, while history and our own lying eyes tells us the direct facts of the situations strongly suggest "were not inspected" as the actual state of affairs. Further, it seems unbelievably convenient the supposed path of unintentional error in this space is the *one path* that *profits Newegg* ?   I've shopped at Newegg for 15 years. I'll *never* buy anything from that PoS company again. Thanks, but I'll wait for the next phoenix to rise and take their place.
I like the sponsor for this video : Be Quiet! on NewEgg 😲
Retailers I’ve used: 2000 mwave 2010 Newegg 2020 Amazon 2030 ??? (sadly no Micro Center close by :-( )
I am not holding up my hopes to high. Customer Service failed and they asked a PR guy to fix the bad publicity - its a damage limitation exercise! Lets hope that Steve's optimism is not misplaced and I await the outcome of this on camera meeting.
I don't know how they will.  Saying all is better is easy.  Making the changes needed for many years of processes and procedures will take a lot of work.  Newegg's press release did mention Brent's issues for UFD Tech
Well done guys, I would hope from now on that they'll wonder if each customer their dealing with, might or might not be a Gamers Nexus agent.
When the video started the new ray traced tech jesus looks at peace...... right before he runs the GPU/Crap part smugglers from the market with RAGE mode enabled of course.
It is disappointing that there are so few decent options to source PC components. Like others have said, Newegg changed when they were bought out. At that point they had the name and position, but not the quality.
To little to late, I'm still out $500 on an Asus Hero Mobo rejected RMA. I haven't ordered from newegg since and will never order from them again. I will never get my money back so they will never get my money again. I will gladly pay more to amazon or best buy if needed.
This is awesome Steve! Showing up at their doorstop like an absolute boss.
#TechJesus
The work you guys do for and on behalf of the Tech Community is truly amazing. Keep pushing on.
How many incidents does it take for them to not be isolated? I guess you could argue that these were isolated incidents if it happened thousands of times, if you just..isolate those incidents.
I'm in to continue with the drama. I was a Newegg customer myself. I still get their spam emails every day. I've thought about unsubscribing. So far I'm just deleting them though.
Quiet on the set! Lol! I'm dying 🤣
Omg Newegg is hiring Saruman and then he sent Bird Spies to monitors Tech Jesus!
Nope just don't deal with them any longer, they like other companies has became too bloated and greedy only 1 way to deal with that, to Not deal with them at all.
thank you so much for this, I stopped buying from newegg all together
Customer satisfaction is key to any successful Company, Newegg got so big that they forgot that and the bottom line became King. Looking forward to the Redress of grievances video.
A farmer had to teach a company about honest work XD.
i liked for the 'quiet on set' XD
Funny how everyone apologizes when they get caught haha
Time to put the "finally a worthy opponent, our battle will be legendary" meme
The statement really doesn't even address your issue, they wrote it as a PSA more than anything, I just hate generic replies. This was meant for me, a possible customer in the future more so than to you the one effected by their neglectful practices.  I said it before, say it again, as soon as Newegg was bought out 2-3 years ago the company officially died. What is left is a name, and website only.
Ok who doesn't have the popcorn. As we are all going to need watching the video.  Thank you GN for giving us a voice
this comment is a test
Just casually playing Portal on the Steam Deck on a Plane and letting it sit on the Bed. I want mine NOW XD
Thanks so much for putting  NewEgg on blast. I will never buy from them again.
I will not ever deal with newegg ever again, the place is a total joke. Who the fuck runs the place a damn 5 year old?
Tech Jesus out there sticking up for the little guys and gals as usual. You can be sure that none of us could have forced Newegg to makes internal procedural changes to how they handle issues like this if someone like Steve didn't use his leverage to expose their BS "screw the customer" practices.
Hey Steve, Linus said he wasn't taking any newegg sponsors for 6 months.  I'm not sure how often you had sponsorships with them, but that is something you can do to push for change.  You got them red handed give them sometime to address things.
In my experience, Amazon is far shadier than NewEgg.
Can you ask them why they constantly raise the price of products only to put it on sale to the same price as every other retailer? I mean, I've got a pretty good idea why already, its because a sale makes people more inclined to buy something, but damn, a 5% sale down to regular retail price? Come on newegg.
Tell them to read their trustpilot reviews and respond
OCCUPY NEWEGG!!
Danke!
I haven't personally had this experience with NewEgg, but I have in the past with another companies. Props and respect to Nexus for using their platform to bring to light issues like this to big companies who think they can do whatever they want. I know I will never buy from newegg.
"The Newegg Story is Important enough" translates to " Our views are going up, lets milk it". There's a saying. "Never attribute to malice what can be explained by ignorance." Neweggs mistake was NOT sticking to open box policy and sending the board back to you. They tried to process the board to accommodate you even though their policy says no returns on open box. So when it didn't go your way you decided to demonize them and try to make it look like they were screwing you over. Show post from others complaining about them (a couple dozen complaints compare to 100's of millions of parts sold.) Shut the hell up already. I'm not saying Newegg is right across the board here but they are NOT the evil faceless corporation you seem to be making them out to be.
Steve is the GOAT!
Steve nexus gate  lol
The issue has come big enough that inner circle of management has to put time for this issue. I won't be holding out for Newegg if their rehersed statement/talking points is a standard rehash of corporate/business speak for damage control.
Steve, you are the hero we need, but not the hero we deserve. Bravo!
I'll just keep buying parts on Amazon
Thank you for everything you do for the consumer
What a load of BS from Newegg. They were literally ignoring Steve and/or calling him a liar on his most important points. That has not been addressed.
Newegg should look at Zappos as a case study on how to do customer service/ customer experience right.
a "VERY small number of returns"..... Nice try there, NewEgg...
Fuck Newegg..
Same here, Newegg was my store for anything pc related, 10+ years ago. Nothing at that time could compare to their selection, prices, and service. Looking back, my current build is mostly Best Buy parts. It feels like Newegg almost has too much selection at this point, and their prices really aren’t that good.
honestly i hate PR from all companies, tell me that new egg statement didnt sound like EVERY OTHER generic PR statement from every company that has been caught with their pants down?
The geese were supporting the Truckers.
"Customer integrity"? What does that even mean? Newspeak for "the customer is always right"? (check Dilbert strip dated 2022-01-14)
The new green screen technology is really amazing.  That hotel room looked so real.
Wait... Does Isolated incident really have a plural in their statement?
So they will have hassle-free on "open box" but what about when you buy a "new" MB and it comes opened or with bent pins (meaning sold as new but clearly a returned item).  I know several cases where new MB had bent pins and Newegg refused refund saying "your fault".
Bloody hell Steve, your're outside!! kudos.x
this is nothing but damage control, you cant trust newegg they will keep being scummy after this dies down in my opinion,its all about the money.
Just the wording on their statement comes off as passive aggressive. They're minimizing how many customers they've fucked over by saying a "VERY small number of returns". Like really?
So NOW Newegg responded. I don't believe them for a second they have good intentions. They responded because it was GN. Did they responded positively to the other customers that got screwed? Steve don't forget to ask them what are they going to do to the customers that got burned by Newegg.
The insane amount of response online thanks to this piece clearly illustrates that NewEgg is completely, unequivocally, full of shit. The best thing NewEgg could do, would create a charter of improvement and outline key steps it's committed to in order to resolve not only the fury of Tech Jesus Apostles, but literally thousands of customers. Instead, since they're owned by certain interests, we know that if anything, their customer service, quality control, and overall customer experience, will continue to degrade until it's known as a place to get cheap tech junk that you can find from Amazon currently.  Really sad time for PC hardware on the retail side given the explosion of interest in PC usage in general. Once again, greed reigns and the customer loses.
Bring this up to them during the meeting - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM
You don’t see journalism like this anymore, good work Steve and team
Oh did I mention I have footage of my package stolen. Which was given. Still they give my 75 dollars gc. Fie a 200 dollar part.
It seems like people forget B&H photo exists.  They have been the most reliable online retailer for me and computer parts.
Great scenery.
'small number' yeah, ok. You keep smoking whatever it is you're smoking, Newegg
fuck newegg
Sponsored shit
Stay vigilant.  They might send you guys back in Open Box condition.
5:10 we send out tweet in case NewEgg want to send out empty PR BS. 8:20 ... NewEgg releases empty PR BS. 🤣
Oh shit!!! Here we go! Let's get hype!!!!
they won't change shit they will tell you what you want to hear just so you keep shopping with them   (a few isolated incidents ) yeah right  😁
I like the slight Steam Deck flex😂😂
The only problem I see is that they will have you meeting with their PR person, someone skilled in obfuscating or writing stuff like you showed at about 8:30. He is their mouthpiece, sent to project the company in the best light. It would be better if you could have spoken with people directly responsible for policy, maybe even toured their shipping facility, and talked with a shipping manager sub rosa to protect him/her; they might reveal that upper management told them to push out defective/used/damaged products.
Thanx to UPS and USPS, Amazon can suck it too!  Funny how you have to call Newegg to delete your account.
Does you contact identify as a her?🙄
I live near newegg in city of industry.. it's a poorly ran corporation that has several branches. They apparently have a "staffing agency" that pays minimum wage rents out employees to different warehouses. From my experience, they're poorly paid workers considering they serve upper class and businesses/offices. Consumers need to see newegg warehouses themselves to believe how poor their products are handled
To me, this issue is due to their internal culture, which failed to create the level of integrity in its employees to prevent it from ever happening in the first place.  Plus they didn't have the quality control and assurance steps in place to catch this problem from becoming a chronic issue.   Passing the buck and blaming a bad employee only works for the one-off exception, but does nothing to explain continual ongoing problems that have probably existed for years.  No, this is the product of Poor Management and their lack of building a proper work culture and work ethic that breeds excellence and rewards it accordingly, this type of environment will root out malcontents, miscreants and the like by their own incompetence and will allow the good and highly motivated employees to shine.  *There isn't any memo, nor policy change that can fix this problem.*  These issues exist at the very core and must be removed with surgical precision and will require a long recovery time to heal.  Companies have to realize that nothing can be done to save or even help lazy and usually lying employees.  These people have to be removed and it must start from a top down approach to ensure it's complete erasure from the company ethos.  *However, I think in this case, Newegg is probably rotten to core and needs to meet its end, whatever that might entail in the competitive marketplace of today.*
comment for the algorithm, this needs visibility
🍿🍿🍿
So, Steve, Will you be swinging by Paul's house to get his take as a former NewEgg employee (and to say hi)?
Say it with me: Fuck Newegg
Steve, I don't know if it was just coincidence or what, but I bought an MSI Z390 motherboard from newegg NEW and it died after two months which is outside newegg's return window. MSI accused me of using incompatible RAM which was bonkers and refused my repair. I ordered an ASUS Z390 board NEW from newegg instead. That board died 6 months later. At that point, I was working from home and needed a quick fix so I decided to order another ASUS board from amazon instead. It has been running strong for two years now.
A lot of respect for Steve to fly back to the studio to film the ad then fly back to the field to continue the video
Never buying from newegg again. F*uck newegg
in 6 months or one year, you should do an undercover buy and then return to see what happens...
Thanks Steve.
I hope NewEgg does what's right by us customers. I've never been able to get a working HDD from Amazon and my build money is probably pretty evenly split between the two.
This is laughable without the second part, you realize right? Kudos to you thou
Steffani Farmer has a very nice "hot singles in your area" picture!
Despite not even living in the US, I still find stories like these interesting to stay on top of. Though, where I live in Europe, there are more computer stores than I can keep track off, though, they rarely stock everything one needs in one store, so one instead has to go on this shopping spree in 2-4 different stores to get the parts one needs.
Tech Jesus is right, we need Newegg for competition. Amazon CANNOT be the only retailer. Micro Center is awesome but they have very few stores. I hope Newegg fixes themselves.
Ah so they pulled the "small number" bullshit card from apple.
Echo'ing the masses. Well done GN team!
I myself have experienced just this week an issue with an order from newegg with parts being missing from a motherboard. Certain doesn't seem like an issue only a few customers are experiencing.
Seems to me like there are multiple ways to determine how isolated and rare this event is.  For starters Gigabyte would have a record of every MB they sent back to newegg un-repaired.  Would be interesting to find out the fates of these other motherboards.  If *all* of your known defective product is being resold, then it's clearly being done by design.  If this was an isolated incident, then Newegg would be tripping over themselves to ***prove*** this.
We have to complain to the FTC since all the stores are taking advantage of the Covid, I have inflated prices for no reason and Neweggs has gone over the line. Nobody buys those graphics cards, only millionaires.
Keep up the great work!
Duopoly won’t help; Duopoly is small enough to usually devolve into a mutual agreement between two companies to f*ck their customers. We own an international sales business that deals with millions in net profit a year, and the irony of us building our business by prioritizing customer satisfaction while being motherfucked by duopolies (we’re a distribution company -  the middlemen with warehouses) makes me sick as a business owner and as a customer.  It used to be that competition would always make things better for the consumer and foster innovation, but it just rarely the case nowadays.
I like how best buy is never considered a newegg or Amazon competitor 🤣
When the coke wears off as the plane is landing
I got boned by my ISP, and was only refunded bogus charges after they became aware that I was collecting information on my case to give to regulators and my county AG. Even if Newegg refunds you and the people whos cases you bring to their attention, you should register complaints to all applicable regulatory bodies to prevent this from happening again when Newegg rebrands to "egg" or "chicken"
So did the airline let you check your massive balls as a carry-on or did you have to buy them extra seats?
Director of Public relations. A filler position, good luck.
Dayum, nice work. Glad I bought that mousepad
At the point at which newegg RMA techs recieved the board from you and spot an obviously damaged socket, a trace of paste but fail to mention the huge RMA sticker on the motherboard, then their RMA process is useless. I suspect the whole reason you never recieved the photos is because they would have obiously shown the sticker - I'm almost suprised they returned you such damning evidence, and that it didn't get 'lost by a courier'  What ever else happened when youi returned the goods they failed to spot they had mis-sold the original product, and should have just refunded you.
That note from Newegg you read was written by lawyers.
dude are you guys near sonoma in this video? lmao das where i be from! OR WAIT IS DAT davis? lol dammit
Ahhh yes, Free Range Steve :)
Steve you are truly a Saint this kind of reporting is basically non existent now adays
Who else has noticed the annoying thread hanging from his right blue sleeve?
No offense to their PR guy but that's the last person we wanna hear answers from
For the longest time I always tried to stick to Newegg just because I'm not the biggest fan of Jeff Bezos and Amazon and their business model. So I always was willing to pay a little bit more and most of the time went with Newegg. But now I just feel like they're both dirtbag companies and I guess I'll just buy what I'm after from whoever is the cheapest. Sad that it's come to this.
GET THE POPCORNS OUT, WE'RE GOING IN RAW
It seems somewhat cowardly for them to send someone from PR. It's literally their job to make the business look good and protect their reputation - I think it's too late for that. I think, from this they've lost the respect of their customers. They are for from transparent. If they want to genuinely fix this, get the CEO out of his hidey hole and have them fix it...
dang it took a gamersnexus before they stopped scamming, they get away not giving a damn for common consumers until they got exposed big time
thank you for picking up that problem (not willingly), but still you do a great job for the Community
Gamers Nexus is the sheriff in these parts.
Love the fact that you're outside in fresh-air filming this  You got to love nature sometimes the Canadian geese are so obnoxiously loud it was awesome to hear you say quiet on the set   I did the same thing with some birds a couple years back when I was in my tent such a rude awakening I yelled at them so that's enough I'm up it was funny and I was loud and it was funny as well
That email can be summed up in one sentence.   " oh fuck we got caught "
I’m sure it will be a robust discussion… If Newegg actually reached out to you to fix their “mixup” email back GN bet there won’t be one damn person!
Newegg was the place to go for PC parts online for quite some time. Hopefully they can fix these issues and make it through. They are probably having a tough time with all the new companies, policies, and everything else that has happened over the years. Cutting corners isn't the solution though.
Seriously.  Burn them to the ground.  Close em up!
We don’t deserve Gamers Nexus. Be we need Gamers Nexus.   Thanks for everything you guys do to protect the average joes out here in this hobby.
Summary:  They are going to fly out to where Newegg is in hopes that they can talk with Newegg about their recent screw ups (Stretched out into a 11min video)
Honestly, I'm not going to be ordering from Newegg anytime soon. I'm lucky enough to have a Micro Center less than 20 minutes away so I try to get most of my stuff from them.
Having competition is fantastic, in Spain we have "PcComponentes", they have competitive prices, a PC part picker with ~30€ addition if you want them to build it and install windows on it; they offer no overpriced, decently choosen prebuilts and recently my parents bought some open box speakers from there, 40% off the original price and in the product they went as far as specifying how deep the scratch marks were on the outside shell of the speakers, and of course the speakers work flawlessly, and they even give sweets and lollipops in all the packages, not kidding, i swear I don't work for them.  Having only Amazon for PC parts probably sucks.
Somehow the “very small returns” had accidentally resold and somehow managed to get to “very small numbers of customer” aka a youtuber with hundreds of thousands followers, what a crazy odd
Good luck in the meeting.  No doubt their PR folks will have thoroughly coached the NE staff due to be there, but hopefully they will be willing to offer some real answers rather than stock mission statement lip service.  You pledged to do better?  Prove it.
Good Luck be tough on Newegg.
F that chi-nazi company. Never buy from it again
I really hope that this leads to NewEgg making some changes. They used to be the bees knees of online retailers. They were so wonderful to work with. I just recently used them to put together and buy parts for a new PC build I'm doing. It's been years since I built a PC and ordered from them. I can say that I have had more returns on this order than I had with any other order ever that I've made with NewEgg. I was concerned that maybe they'd fallen victim to the "we're so big, we can cut corners" mentality that so many other big companies experience when they get huge. And you're right, there are no other options for computer retailers other than Amazon and small retailers (which have serious problems with maintaining the stock I want). If I had the resources, I would love to start up my own hardware retail business.
Newegg is the new Toys-R-Us/Sears. I don't see them lasting very long at the rate they're going.
Just remember, business folks can be like politicians. They will walk around the answer until you say "you never answered the question'.
Might want to hide Steffani's last name, you probably don't want randoms on social media hitting her up via her personal social media platforms.
I still have my doubts about anyone actually showing up... They know what they have done for quite some time. Even if take a quick glance at the motherboard they sent to GN you could tell that it is not good to sell again. You don't have to think about it at all. CPU socket has multiple bent pins, there is no way the device will function or it will certainly crash during some procedures. And the mb provider has even told them that this doesn't work and they still sold it to the next sucker along the line. There just are no excuses for that, zero, nada, nope.
real journalism
I'm going to be dissapointed if the meeting point isn't one of : An old fashioned saloon, atop a waterfall or an active volcano
anytime a company says "a small number" you know they are lying lol. Imagine if this never happened to GN people would still be getting screwed over getting accused of lying. But if they make this right and show they want to be better that would be great . I may start buying PC components from them again.
it's wild that as consumers we're begging and fighting for *at least* a duopoly
You guys are powerful enough to corner a big corporation and demand your questions being answered. Great job, folks!
All this shady bullshit has me seriously worried about getting a refund for a GPU I just returned. Really hope they don't pull something weird with it.
So they claim they're going to reach out to the "small number" of affected customers which is great on paper but.... It would also be great if any of those customers could chime in either publicly or perhaps directly to GN and say "Yea newegg has reached out to me on my case from X days ago and here's what happened" to see if things are really getting handled.
QUIET ON SET 🤣🤣🤣
If Newegg brings the corporate bullshit talker, Steve gets to keep his long hair. If Newegg really changes anything, he has to shave.
They managed to mention "small amount" a lot.
those geese are probably linus'. canadian geese are no joke after all.
How times have changed, in the old days if someone did you wrong you had Guido pay them a visit, now its Steve. 😁Get them Steve.
I hope there concern is genuine and not corporate PR speak. I too like you used to by from Newegg vs. Amazon and lately between stories like this, 3rd party market place garbage, and restocking fees (which I understand have been eliminated) there wasn't any value in shopping with them unless they had product there competitors did not. I hope they turn a corner and go back to the way things used to be there.
I fully expect that the next revision of the dictionary (Oxford/Merriam-Webster/whoever) will have a picture of Gamers Nexus next to the entry for "journalistic integrity"
i havent finished the video, but this is the definition of poggers.   Glad people still have some integrity
Seeing Steve standing in that field makes me think he should have a battle axe slung over his shoulder.  😁
Newegg redemption arc? (anime music plays tentatively)
Anyone else find the irony of this video being sponsored by a company called "Be Quiet"?
Newegg is so screwed
Well, isn't that special.🤪
That PR Twitter message lmao  🐂💩
Steve, you're awesome. Thanks for taking it to this level! There are many of us who have similar experiences but don't have the power to do anything about it. Thanks again!
you buy a open box , you did not open it , you send it back New Egg opened the box and found the Intel CPU pins were either broken or bent . New Egg came up with the notion that you bent or broke the pins (although the box not opened). It is a refurbished (open box) sell  so in their logistics of the board or boards they were not checked only by the main manufacturers who gave them a quote to fix said item you believe the sticker should not be on the board .i say they should if it has came from the manufacturers building as for tests  New egg tried and still is trying to claw money back from customers trying to send boards back and resell them with a no guarantee item in place but knowing they had serious faults  also selling them at a high price to get maximum profit but not giving a discount so they can get it fixed by the manufacturer  so they were trying to rip off customers in my books i will not buy from them simple as that. also for you to say not to leave the sticker on knowing the board gone to the manufacturer is just as bad as egg trying to ripp off as a customer could also follow the same path as you knew that the board was sent .
Then there is also the whole UFDtech scandal where Newegg didnt pay their charity stream sponsorship.  Dont forget that.
props to Newegg for proper use of the term "utmost"
We appreciate you for this Steve. You didn't have to do this, but you want to ensure your followers, possible Newegg customers, get the best service possible. The fact you are doing this for us and not for yourself earns you more respect than already you already hold.
What's a micro center?!
I'm going back to tiger direct
If I were Eric, my stomach would be in knots and would have those nervous poops lol.
8:58 Dude... But it's being hapennning for YEARS!  Using the words "SMALL" "SOME" to minimize it, and act as if it's only a very small issue... So disgusting.
I really do hope Newegg fixes these issues , I agree Amazon being the only tech place is not good
When will the PC Component Shirt come back in stock?
Your hairs are looking amazing!
I would like to know how the person who "inspected" the returned board marked it as damaged pins and or thermal paste on the board did so without seeing that big ass RMA sticker on it.
Don't trust them Steve, I don't think Newegg is going to lose money to do things right.
Guess I'm buying a BeQuiet! Silent Base 802
The moment i heard of newegg i refused to use them and always have and this is exactly why i tell people to not use newegg
I bought a brand new defective Gigabyte X570 Elite MB from them that gave me problems from day one.  I never even got to the return process with their support because they were blaming every other component for the issues when I had already systematically eliminated all other possibilities.  Between the constant run around and being talked down to by support I gave up and bought an X570 Ultra from Amazon.  I swapped all the components over to the new board and it's been running perfectly for 8 months now.  After that and the Shuffle shenanigans I'm pretty much done with Newegg unless they seriously pull their head out of their ass.  I am so glad I was able to get my 3080ti through the EVGA elite program and didn't have to get screwed spending way too much on components I didn't want/need from the Shuffle.  I won't be holding my breath for a satisfactory solution to this.
I don't want discount the severity of what has happened with Newegg here, it is truly appalling and inexcusable. However I've worked in IT for over 2 decades and have see how many people treat sensitive and fragile electronics. I'd be willing to wager that a double digit percentage of people complaining about denied RMAs from Newegg did actually damage the device and either don't realize it or were trying to get it replaced for free.
Wow the meta verse looks so life like, if only there was something like this IRL
Not sure what they could ever say to regain people's trust. Of course they will say they are doing this/that and everything is about customer satisfaction. Should be interesting.
dude ive been having the runaround by newegg. i won a shuffle and it wasnt delivered to me. now they want me to jump through hoops.
“Sorry we got caught” -Newegg
Did you just say "I hope Newegg is Honest"? HAHAHA YEAH RIGHT. Good luck with that.
"A very small number of returns"  (RMA guy looks at the landfill behind NewEgg facility)
Hope they will really improve.
Woah Steve’s not in the cave
*QUIET ON SET* at 4:37 LOL
Yelling at the geese was hilarious. Man, this saga is unhinged. Thank you for being such an upstanding journalists. You've never chose the companies over your viewers. For sure going to the GN store after this video.
It's not fair that tech reviewers just buy motherboards to use them 1 week and then return them expecting their money back. Gamersnexus, you and Newegg share some shitty business practices.
Wow that was fast!
Not 1 minute in the video im already seeing jesus
Damn ai powered Newegg drone geese...
I am so glad that in Scandinavia, we have, like what, 20 different online stores selling computer hardware, so many that we in fact have a price comparison site LOL.
I'm no NewEgg apologist nor have I had a RMA nightmare with them, and honestly had forgotten about this until this series came to light... but I think it's fair to add my anecdote.  Last year, I purchased a Ryzen 5600X , no big deal except 3 or 4 weeks later, I get one of their sale emails with the same CPU now $20 less. I got a CS person in their chat and asked about it. She verified the order and kindly gave me a $25 in store rebate. No hassle.
Ah, I love democracy
This is going to be like the (ex)Prince Andrew interview. I cant wait
Steve is such a thug. Showing up without a single fuck given. Michael Moore level journalism. This is what the industry needs!
Kind of surprising how much this has blown up.  I actually saw something about this in the News this morning.
This whole saga is a perfect moment for BHPhoto to expand their PC hardware lineup and start slamming advertisements. They are already semi-known, reliable, and have been around a long time.
I would love for a Microcenter to open up in my state. Amazon has been good to me, but we need more competition and more choices for customers. NewEgg lost me as a customer 10 years ago, but I'm curious to see if they change their ways.
“Sorry we got caught” -Newegg
NewEggs geese drones are spying on you. 🤣
I hope policy changes resulting from Newegg's acquisition by a Chinese company is discussed.
Those were Canadian Geese. They are likely on the LMG payroll.
Any company that doesn't accept RMA's inside of 2-4 weeks without questions asked cannot be trusted.  They admited to sending out literal E-waste as a product.
This just seems like malicious incompetence. They know their systems and procedures are stupid and flawed, but don't care to fix it. But I think if they are forced to fix it, they might. Atleast for a time
So glad I have a Microcenter 15 min away
No. Just no...
Wow the ray tracing in these sets is insane, they look so real
Don’t ever stop what you do GN you guys are literally going above snd beyond!
Well done guys.
6:31 Her smirk says it all.
I don't know much but in my experience these sort of corp issues start from upper management and work their way down. So usually a management cultural thing.  What PROBABLY needs to happen is their board get involved, based on stock holder influence, and replace them with a not woke but awake management that places the customer first and there by reap rewards and stock returns.  Long shot though if there's no outside pressure.  Keep this up GN! And thank you!
You mentioned Amazon. As far as I know...yes even if the platform is Amazon, the vendors are actual individual business. Is not like Amazon is as Walmart. At least in Europe, the vast majority of things I bought from Amazon actually came from different companies around the region, smaller PC part dealers, not all comes from Amazon warehouses.
nexus kicking ass and taking numbers :D keep up the great work team o/
"Very small number" xD
A PR guy is about as useless as it gets. They're masters of saying nothing in lots of words.
I remember a few years ago when u first released the mat and I paid for it.. then requested a refund and you speedily replied and refunded. I needed the cash back to buy food as I was in a pickle. Thank you for your honesty and legendary service to the tech community. Godspeed Steve.
Time for GN to start their journalism team to hunt down tech’ish scoops and expose the scum and grime of the biz.
Because they sponsored this video, BeQuiet is probably going to be blackballed from Newegg. Please support them, so they can support Gamers Nexus !!
2010 - " Fuck those youtube reviewers talking shit about our company, who even watches them"  2022 - " OMG they can literally fuck us sideways into ruin if we keep doing doggy shit"
newegg gonna be rottenegg soon
In Germany we have quite a competitive market with several large competitors like Alternate, Mindfactory and Caseking
I appreciate you doing something here for the community but this video vlog could have been summed up in few tweets.  Good luck with the interview.
I mean, this is what you get when a company is bought out by chinese company. Living in Hong Kong, there are so many similar example of our local store get bought out by chinese company and changed…
#techjesus
Basically Newegg said they are sorry they got caught and will try harder next time to not get caught.
It's an ambush...
Thank you Steve. Will definitely watch how it develops, I did like Newegg before they screwed me (horrible customer service) so hopefully they will actually get better, I'm willing to give them a second chance depending on how this will develop. It's strange, ordered a lot of stuff from Amazon, never had a problem they didn't quickly solve and yet I still don't like them.
Would like my Kroger grocery store to start selling computer components.  GamersNexus needs a section in my grocery store with tested and recommended components.
MSI and Gigabyte are around the corner from Newegg, in case you guys are still feeling feisty...
Spend a day at the RMA department, sure you will see. It sux
As an economics student my guess is that Newegg will just claim that those "events" were really just unfortunate incidents and that they will reform their internal process for handling returned and open box goods. They will send some PR person to do some damage control through media and that will be it. I'm not saying they won't resolve these issues internally I'm just saying they won't publicly admit that they f*ed up.
Those wild geese when flying away, when Steve requested silence in set, was like "The F**K is wrong with him? Did NewEgg scam him or something?..." :D
If Newegg wants to fix this, they better be a lot more sincere than their PR canned statement - everyone has seen very similar statements, similar to the point of pretty much changing a company name and inserting a sentence or two. "Very few"  is their tagline - and a lie of omission as for a company that does the volume they do, that actual number is likely in the thousands but still qualifies as "very few". From their statement - I see no real accountability or contrition, just blame it on a "process". Basically, considering your experience and that of others - we can be more than reasonably certain they knew full well what they were doing at that level of the company - someone, likely a low-level manager, is pushing a policy that "makes numbers look good" in hopes of becoming a not as low-level manager.  Internally, maybe they found this out, but you get the standard PR "improve our processes we love our customers" tripe - I don't see their statement as a good omen for honesty and transparency for your meeting.  In a previous video in this "series" I had stated that Newegg would never get any more of my business, etc. I will amend that. IF I feel their meeting with you is in good faith, honest and forthcoming - contrite if warranted, then I'd consider doing business with them again. Should that meeting be a continuation of their PR statement...well, can't say that would do them any favors. Your meeting with the head of PR should show where this is likely headed, I guess the head of customer support is on sabbatical or...something.  Newegg should be careful in this meeting - PR spin and the like just won't work here. I'm sure there are MANY (not a "very few") people that are, like myself, NEEDING an honest and sincere reckoning in order to see Newegg as a trustable business. The ball is in their court.
Thanks for everything, I'd love to be able to continue to buy products from them but I don't have the confidence until this is resolved.
best line in the vid, "QUIET ON SET!" LoL
Steve is like the irs showing up to your door, Newegg getting audited
Thank you for doing this. Being Canadian, I have 3 options for PC parts. Memory Express, Canada Computers and NewEgg. Amazon doesn't stock much other than the popular things and their pricing sucks. NewEgg is a good choice but if you can't trust them that leaves me with 2 choices.   It's about time people pushed companies to be honest and live up to the expectations we all have.   Sorry about my Canadian brethren getting all rowdy on your set.
You know nothing John Snow
I considered doing business with newegg earlier last year, boy am i glad I settled with a different company when building my pc
Commenting for engagement, but I don't have anything to say.
Tech Jesus doing the Lord's work. 🙏
Newegg seems fine to me. Bought some RAM and it was DOA. Went through their process for a refund. No issue for a shipping label in 5mins send the ram off and the whole process took 2 weeks and it for refunded back to my credit card. Every company will have issue won't refund, exchange...... I dare anyone to name one company that have 0 issue with refund and exchange.
I really hate the silent base 802 spot! I got the white one initially from Steve’s high accolades, but different materials are different color. The plastics are more eggshell vs white like the metals. Went for 5000d instead.
They do lay eggs... maybe even new eggs 4:35
In understand that with the cameras involved, they'll send the PR guy. I just hope that they're willing to feedback serious changes to the people that can make it happen.
Atleast when you get kidnapped we will know who did it.
I had issues years ago with newegg (This was when a GTX 970 was a new card) where I purchased a second 970 to run SLI and decided that it wasn't working well enough to warrant the additional cost.  I tried to return the GPU after a week of testing and mild use with the orriginal box undamaged and everything that originally came with the card.  The only thing that indicated that the card was ever used was a tiny amount of dust and the box seal stickers were cut cleanly.  However when I tried to return the card to newegg they told me that it couldn't be returned because it was sold with a copy of a game that I never used.  I eventually talked the agent who was handeling my case to allow me to get a refund of about 60% of the orriginal value of the card.  This seemed unfair to me as it was essentially new open box and could probably be sold for 80-90% of its original value but I accepted it as it was really the only option they would give me and I SERIOUSLY strugled getting even that.   I believe that was the last time I ever dealt with Newegg and this makes me stick to that decision.
They should take note from microcenter.  If there is a open box report EXACTLY what is wrong with it.  Not some vague small acknowledgement (open box under the title of the item) of “hey we sent you a motherboard for near brand new price that is otherwise defective to the customer”.
I think its pretty clear that Newegg plans on using your platform as a medium for lying to their consumers. Instead of sending their CEO or someone directly involved in managing logistics they opted to send the head of their PR department, the guy whose sole job is to read from carefully crafted scripts of non-answers.  Let's sincerely hope Newegg takes this forum seriously. The more competition there is the better for the consumer.
Steve, I could be reading the screen cap incorrectly but looks like Stefani's email may have been included inadvertently. Wouldn't put it past the masses to bombard her directly with emails
Oh, dude... I've been waiting for this one hahahah
You see the cameras on those birds necks? Newegg scouts only look harmless.
I have had nothing but positive interactions with Newegg in the past, so I hope they follow through and address the recent problems. I want to be able to maintain my trust in the company and am hoping they will make good on their promises.
Ive never seen anyone go so far to "speak to your manager"
Great product placement by FedEx @11:09
Yeah that’s a great idea
Please talk ask about their communications breakdown with UFD Tech as well. Screwing over a charity is another level of low.
Glad to see they might try to get ahead of this. Based on my history as a call center rep I wonder if the issue stemmed from poor management and focus goals and spread up the chain of command who allowed it to slide bcs it benefited NEgg in the long run. Could you perhaps ask them if they'd admit to becoming laxed on their diligence and this blow up has shaken them awake?    Again we'll have to stay as diligent about the products we get in from them and our own interactions with customers so we don't end up on a GN special episode of "Steve brakes down WHO's door???"
Pc mag go a statement that newegg says it was an "isolated instance" Bold face fucking lie and it knows it. The more they downplay this the more i believe it was all intentional.
Does this mean that Newegg is going to fix the BIOSTAR B350GT5 that I bought from them in 2017? haha, really though, the USB 3 didnt work and two of the SATA channels were shot. It was a refurb and they said that the issue was me not the fully tested refurb
It's not all Newegg's fault, people scam companies all the time by returning items that either are not what they bought, or damaged items that the customer damaged, some return policies are way too relaxed.
I have been waiting for this. Never bought anything from NewEgg but ill be looking at there site for hardware from now on, to be honist you can get these issues wilth all retailers. Its all down to the employee knowledge training and maybe C19 has made the issues worse than it should be. In my town years ago we had a local PC Shop that would resell faulty hardware that people returned 2, 3 or more times after being returned the shop eventually closed down, I bought a graphics card once form that shop it just crashed when playing any games, so I returned it and then I heard a friend of a frend bought a card and the same thing happened, I beleive we got sold the same card.
Ohhh I pretty sure they are feeling the pinch after your video's and then all the other main stream guys also relaying your story..   That went from 1.6m subscribers to 20m + subscribers across many channels pretty quick.  I am glad you have this platform to do this as most of us are just forced to take the loss.  Thanks
I’ve used Newegg since it opened its doors so to speak. And the last two returns I’ve had Newegg was very helpful and professional. They even went out of their way to make an exception for one item that wasn’t supposed to be refundable. I have hope that they will expand that kind of effort to all customers.
It's amazing, all they have to do is be honest tell the truth, identify what the problem is, and fix it. We are beyond the saving face phase, Newegg has been trending south for years..
Thank you GN for being the hero we need!!
I do not care how Newegg is going or will try to redeem themselves, I am not buying a thing from them anymore!
Be Quiet absolutely loves sponsoring GN
Yeah, but this has been a problem with them for decades. Back in 2007 they sent me a mobo with bent pins in the processor socket. I called them, explained the situation, and was issued an RMA. I sent the item back to them, and then a few days later I got an email stating that it was being sent back because it was damaged. I literally had to call and speak to basically every level of management and was finally lucky enough to get someone who would complete the refund. Them trying to frame this as some small problem is very disingenuous. This is a business practice that has gone on for a long long time. Funny enough, because the exchange took place in Gmail and I tend to hold on to stuff like this, I bet I can still find it all.
never going through newegg still. wow there really trying to get their customer base back ive never seen something like this before, They still suck horribly,
4:36 those blasted Canadians - don't they know America is already free?
My comment on their statement "laughable"
If you haven't, check out this video  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM
I don't know anything about Newegg's structure but I bet the problem falls mainly onto a lack of oversight of the RMA department. I bet it's been managed by a person or persons who have been doing it a long time and are bonus driven. They get a better bonus when X metrics are met. Higher ups haven't been paying attention or just don't care because "their metrics look good". We'll see though.
Nothing short of Newegg accepting ALL returns, regardless of reason and refunding purchaser's money will fix this mess.  Sell their stock immediately.
Hey Steve, after this training. How much time you think will be between the training and first fan testing? Still curious about claimes that fan manufacturers make.  Also keep up this kind of reporting, although I won't be affected by what a reseller does (because I can't order there anyway) it's always interesting to see how they respond to Thier fuckups
I really hope this can be a turning point for Newegg. Its been a long time since I've used them, but I want to consider them again. If it was anything I was sure of in the past, it was that there customer service understood us PC people.
Actually it would be good for  a news media outlet to get as much information from Newegg. See if things can be more clear then what they have been showing lately so we can understand what is happening with them better.
Regardless of what they say or possibly do I will never buy from them again. I am out $700 which is a huge amount of money for me that I will never get back, newegg is a garbage company in my eyes. If you love them that's great but for me they are crooks.
Steve and Gamer’s Nexus - outstanding in the field!
We Appreciate You Steve And Crew 👀
4:50 Geese of Dunland!
This has got to be one of the most impressive YouTube channels I have had the pleasure of being subscribed to for years.  Please at some point Steve, give yourself some time off. I worry you work way too hard day and night. Remember your health!  Looking forward to the next video.
You know. All of this could have been avoided by just honoring the warranty Newegg. After this, better sell any Newegg stock you got.
About the "small number of customers". I don't know what you think, but them saying "a large number of customers" or anything of the sort would be like putting a shotgun some 20 cm from your face, with blanks and pull the trigger. You'd expect nothing too bad would happen but you'd blow your face off. Same thing here. If they stated the actual number of complaining customers, they'd shoot themselves in the face with a shotgun loaded with blanks.
Thanks for the follow up with NewEgg. I'll be following this, because I have been affected by something similar with NewEgg, and I am dealing with this situation right now. Hopefully, you have enough power and influence to push NewEgg to change for the better. I hope NewEgg refunds me approx. $1500 for the defective (brand new) RTX 3080.
utter madness
Thank you Steve and the GN group for bring the Newegg shenanigan's to the public eye.
Awesome stuff. Loving how transparent and visible this has been. GN continues to be the best outlet for tech news.
Surely they were Canadian Geese (4:41), Linus keeping up to date with the story?
They appreciated your feedback, says so right there in black and white.
I bought a ASRock X570 STEEL LEGEND motherboard from Newegg along with all the parts for a computer build. The motherboard was sold new in box, but was obviously previously opened, built and returned. The board would boot but after about 5 minutes would restart. I got a RMA and returned the board. When I returned the board, I included a note that the board is defective and not to resell it. I replaced the board with a ASUS ROG STRIX B450-F which worked well but did not have the same features.
They absolutely work for Newegg!!!!!!   (Great work GN!)
I don't shop on Newegg anymore because it pretty much turned into Amazon offbrand ebay with some of old Newegg sprinkled in.  I actually shop at BHPhotovideo now for freaking electronics and computer parts. I bought my GPUs from them and they have one of the best preordering systems I have ever seen. Their customer service is top notch as well.  Newegg used to be good but they've caved to going a weird direction to be like everyone else rather than stay with their roots. I don't know if they're really going to change. We'll see what happens with you and the meeting but I don't expect any fast changes.
I appreciate the GN team for sticking up for the common consumer.  Can't wait to hear what they say about those few "isolated cases..." 😏
A suggestion, why don’t you pick a number of the issues that people have commented about having and bring those specific problems up during the meeting? Ask why they happened, how they are going to fix it, and what they are fixing so that it never happens again going forwards.   PR types will always try to speak in broad phrasing that boils down to meaningless promises and useless general explanations. Come at them with 10 or 20 examples of this and they won’t be able to do that.
my nephew and i were just about to upgrade our pc's had everything picked out and ready to buy loaded there app for alerts etc. at that point i then decided to check something on youtube.  Thankfully your first video came up and i immediately halted our purchases.  I was bragging how good newegg was in the past and never knew this was an issue until i found you.  Since then i have deleted there app stopped all alerts/emails from them. We will wait to see the outcome before we order through Amazon.  THANK YOU !
Cant wait for the casting couch video to be released 6:00
Can you ask them if there are incentives that exist for their employees to turn down returns or any employee incentives that could be abused by said employees that would negatively affect customers.
Your expecting honestly and any sort of corporates structed changes out of a PR person. The head of pr in fact Yea no. Pr departments are made to 100% lie to your face if caught take the blame then more on to another company.  Even if they told you the truth and pledged to do a 180 they have no power to change anything in the company .This is just you at this point taking advantage that newegg is backed into a hard spot and giving them a way out while you get views . When this happens again you Gamers nexus will partly be responsible for it as you choose to let up "in hopes they do better"(bullshit) instead of keeping pressure up for this grand scam.  Also HA no you have no "tough" question for Newegg now that's your ego needing to be checked in. Nothing you ask they are not 100% ready for
Got a motherboard from Newegg before without the CPU bracket. It was also sold as open box. Needed to haggle almost a week over email to get it returned with shipping paid. Real good customer service there.
Good luck
these cases have been going on for allot llonger then now I had a case amost 5 years ago and since then never aain bougght anything from Newegg so sorry i'm aa old client that will never return
Nothing says "fixing the issue" like sending out a PR flunky with a not-that-fancy title.
I know I might have a minority opinion at this point in time, but I do not engage in the way of the sith. So to speak. There is no perfect entity in retail, nor any that are completely trash 100%. Albeit some approach that number. .   Having worked in retail in some sorts for most of my adult life, I understand things that happen, especially when staffing gets undercut in place of profit. These issues that Steve experienced, more then likely are due to a lack of oversight, bad employees, over actually trying to do these things. Let's face facts, it's not like newegg is poor. They operate a profitable business. The reward of benefitting from a situation like this on a large scale is miniscule to getting caught. Which is what seems to have happened here. There have been many many many reports of fishy return policies, but also remember that return policies have gradually changed over the years towards the consumer rather then the customer. Mostly in part due to society itself becoming less tolerant of parting with money, even if they were at fault themselves. .   My take on newegg. I've been shopping primarily at newegg when building dozens of builds both to resell, and for myself/family. There is not been one incident in my tens of thousands of dollars spent there since about 2010Ish, that I can say i ended up unhappy about. For instance, I ended up returning back to back gigabyte hd 5770s back in the day, both came doa. Returned both without issues, refunded me my money after the second one. I actually just returned a prime b450 motherboard the very day that Steve put out his first video. The money for the return is now waiting to post to my bank account. There have been times where I thought a merchant was going to screw me. (Listing themselves as a united states company yet shipping from China), and even in that circumstance, they helped ME resolve the issue. There was a time where I let a gift card expire unintentionally. . Five minutes later speaking with customer service, I got the gift card back operational for 90 days. .   I may be unpopular, but i cannot lie about my experience with them as a computer enthusiast, hobby, tech kinda guy. I go to newegg for 99% of the items I'll order online, even paying more sometimes to get it there rather then Amazon. . Because. . Well. . Amazon. . They get enough of my money. . I love that i can search for absolutely anything imaginable, like, pc tower fan clips. . And they have it. . And i can order it. . Things like that. I cannot give them a negative review, i cannot even say that I've been unhappy. . Like at all. .   Hundreds of items ordered. Tens of thousands of dollars spent, over 12 years or so. . That's still where I'm ordering. I'm hoping this can be resolved for the sake of those like me who actually have a really good thing going on with newegg. . I would hate to see them plummet, over something that can be easily fixed, or something that happens to 5% of returns, ruin it for 95% of us who just want decent prices and much stock. .   Best of luck, to all parties involved. And all who have been wronged, all i ask is to think to yourself one time. .   How many items have I ordered there? How many issues have I had? If you have had success with 99% of the items, is that 1% really worth destroying a company? Or is that 1%, something to work on rather then destruction. Look at all sides of things, before ultimately deciding the fate of hundreds of thousands of individuals, even with something as silly as this.
Excellent journalism GN, and this video takes it to a whole new level. You could say that Steve is truly outstanding in his field.
I am so happy I bought a screwdriver set from you in order to support you efforts to make the pc space better for everyones. I hope newegg listens. Again thanks GN!
Thanks you for your amazing service.
Great how you and your team helped us, the lonely consumers. Hope Newegg now will also look into older cases and issue a money back. Thanks!
yall crazy
Steve kept winning his Valorant competitive games... he took the insult "touch grass" seriously this time...
Boy Cott new egg
Tough to tell but I believe Newegg Inc is a mainland Chinese CCP controlled entity. Working on getting a positive ID on that. So far, the founders and board are suspect.
We really do need a Microcenter somewhere around the triangle. Or at least Charlotte.  Also, nice green screen! (j/k)
Bye bye new egg. damage is already done. :)
So after they got exposed now they on full damage control sorry new egg I won't shop from u guys 😌
they will probably just say it was a mistake and the board wasn't checked again before sale.
I lost $700 to newegg, keep up the good fight tech jesus
Tech Jesus doing the Lord's work
You should do more of your speaking outside. Great changed.  But expect a lot of CYA.
Steve a PR guy doesn't change anything. They send him in to say the right things. If I was you,  I would start with the following. You have s culture problem at your company. If you deny this, if you say anything other than Yes we do, this meeting is over. Further more, we will not relent until we see the actual changes. Because you have no authority to change anything. Send the CEO to us or is s coward?  Watch the realization on the PR guys face as he thought he was the leopard on a baby deer, only to realize there was a Siberian Tiger waiting for him.
"...isolated incidents".  Not as isolated as they think it was....
Have you noticed Steve looks like Dimebag Darrell from pantera?
Lord of the rings bats vs new eggs flyers hahaha lol
Amazing, exemplary use of status…for a lot of reasons but most notably your humility and constructive approach to conflict resolution. I worked for the US Congress in another life and Electeds would do well to take note of how change doesn’t have to be zero-sum.  Its inspiring, man. Thank you.  You’ve got a supporter here for the long haul.
NewEgg is off my shopping list.
QUIET ON SET! xD
Glad to see you all field testing that Steamdeck. Lol Great job covering this!!
Thanks for this update!  Anyone know if there are similar horror stories for Newegg Canada?
Not sure Newegg can compete with Amazon. Probably what is driving them to be so shady.
"QUIET ON SET!" lol
In Soviet Newegg Tech reviews you.
"keep each other honest" they COULDN'T EVEN KEEP THEMSELVES HONEST. They are liars and scammers, and I will NEVER buy from them again.
You'd think Newegg would launch an investigation and fire or even press charges against managers who did that sort of thing. The fact that they didn't means this is something they approve of and they don't want to change.
the deal with newegg seems to be they're good if it's public and not good if the affected person has no clout - so no matter what they say they still cant be trusted.
Please don't unnecessarily shout at wildlife like this 4:38 I know you know better; friendly reminder.
I'm very curious what kind of excuses they will come up with. Also very shady of them to hire those drone birds.
I haven't ordered from Newegg in ~5 years. It would be cool to be able to buy from them again.
So Newegg is a Bad egg? I wonder if they will sponsor a build of my very first PC.   🥔🤣
I have been building computers with Newegg for almost 20 years. I have not had any issues but I am awaiting thier response to see if I continue to use them going forward.  I hope this gets fixed.
If Newegg can be improved 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
So basically Newegg blamed it on an "oops, e-waste mistake" .... if any of you foolz fall for that, shame on you lol
Actual journalism is very rare now a days. I give kudos for this for you and your whole team.
Great they responded to popular tech outlet because they publicly called them out, but they have been doing this for years and is still doing it to people right now what about them?
#RottenEgg response: Duh, please, stop. We are definitely going to do better ... now ... I mean everyone is watching. When they stop, we can go back to what we were doing before ... BUT we promise we won't ... this time. We Promise....
Hi! Linus made a great point ok something: If the RMA process is not a direct implementation is the result of how something is implemented with employees compensation, they probably get bonuses depending on how many of these RMA products they return to the shelf. I really hope that the employees are not going to pay for this "policy change" with their salary or bonuses, but I feel like they will because that is what these kind of companies do when they take a hit in the pocket
"Quiet on set ..... I think they work for Newegg" 🤣
She’s rocking problem glasses in her bio pic, she’s lying fam.
Their problem is outsourcing and diversity hiring.
I am cautiously optimistic, I have the same expereience with Newegg as you, they were my goto supplier for a long time, their prices aren't great but neither are Canada Computers and I don't have access to Microcenter which is even more depressing because when shopping I can see their prices are much better. I've had my own experiences with Newegg in the past that put me off them but to be fair they weren't worse than experiences I've had with Can Computers. Now I mostly use Memory Express and one recently opened up where I live. Still competition is great and if Newegg had better prices I'd definitely use them should they improve.
Imagine after NE saying that it was isolated cases, GN pulling out of the sleeve a couple more purchases that they made to verify if it was an isolated case
I can't wait to see the video. If they start with anything else than admitting they have made mistakes with their policies and company organization, that means it will be all just a PR trash-talk. Steve is really keeping them all in check. Imagine if not only GN, but every single big tech-youtuber and tech-media started doing random secret shopper experiments every month keeping them retailers and manufacturers frosty on their toes. I'm so glad Steve defends so furiously the end-consumer. Please guys, if you can afford it, go on their store and buy something, anything to support them. It's really not easy being independent and neutral in that sector. GN are one of the very few who provide honest non-censored journalism and testing.
Fuck new egg 🥚
I discovered your channel while building my computer, if I had heard from you that Newegg was doing a bunch of shady business and wasn't going to improve, I would have shopped Amazon exclusively. Neweggs response here is going to have a lasting impact on my purchasing future. I feel like many other future viewers are going to have a similar mindset.
I know it's totally none of my business but I would love to know just how much this issue has 1) made the channel and 2) costed Newegg.
Newegg will double down on their scams and nothing will improve.  bet.
Sorry but NEWEGG doesn't deserve the benefit of the doubt. They flat out knew there product was broken by them and still accused you of doing wrong.  They got caught and now think a small little PR team will squash this.  I've been buying computers every few years for quite a long time.  They would of screwed you over if you didn't have this channel. Many customers who have bought from them previously and were told they were SOL there is no cure for them.  They think this one time gets addressed and they are in the clear.  As much as I hate using some other companies to buy my computers from.  NEWEGG will never see another dollar until they fix problems from the past as well.
why is this a video by itself, it's basically a non story. You basically say so yourself in the video "no comments till you've had the interview with them". this could have been covered in 2 minutes as a intro to the interview. If they didn't show up, you could have done this video and then at least have that to say. But this is just a waste of time.
This is some Lisa Guerrero, inside edition level of investigation. I love it.
like how they said small % of customers THey do not understand that this isn't small or it wouldn't have gone to this point many people are experiencing bad practices from new egg. I say we boycott new egg at this point if this meeting is good.
Its crazy that newegg doesnt realize that this is a WIN WIN situation for them IF they do things right. Get your sh*t together. Man up and fix stuff. The PR boost that they will have by only doing things RIGHT is all worth it
Who else is scared of the 2nd hand embarrassment we will experience in the next video 👀
4:40 "AN EGG SPY IS IN THE BASE"
it may not be a duel in the wild west, but words hold much more power than any single bullet in this era. good to see that journalism isn't dead yet, on the other hand, you propably put a lot more effort in to something like this that actually has an impact on the real world than many "professional"(mainstream) journalists
Are you runnig the switch with windows on it?
The fact that they have a list of "customers who may have been affected" makes me think it's intentional and not a mistake. If they know who they (potentially) shipped defective products to, they can't claim that it's a honest mistake by their staff that they couldn't catch.
Canadian ambassadors harass tech jesus
The director of communications for Newegg, just started in January. Poor guy lol
I expect no changes, they are just trying to put out the fire. Business usually don't make "Real" changes until they are on the precipice of losing everything, then hope it's not too late to get market share back.
Thank you for engaging in investigative journalism. It is truly the backbone of our civil society, the first line of defense against malpractice towards consumers. Your audience is larger than you know!
Oh what a shock they're having you meet with their Director of PR. I'm sure he's the guy to really iron out the underlying problems at Newegg.
amazon cant be trusted either
Steve the hoody still looks awesome without the zipper, thank you for showcasing that. I still want a new one (or 5)  Also, thank you for all you're work. This is bad@ss.
At least your side of the conversation will be the truth.   A employee to answer CEO questions...   ya ok              I'm out !
This is really a great effort from you Steve and your team. We as customers sometimes don't have a strong voice to be listened and some companies shield themselves with  bs processes and policies that some employees abuse.
Newegg is owned by chinese, nothing will get fixed
Thank god for micro center. I’ll buy their open box any day of the week. Any time I’ve had an issue I bring it back and they’ve replaced it with a NEW unit at the same open box price. You can’t beat having a brick and mortar store as well and I really wish more companies would realize this. It doesn’t have to be a superstore like microcenters but just having a location to deal with issues is a breath of fresh air from e-tailers.
Good job Steve. This is why utuber's such as your self matter. This is good for everyone if you can get them to change or else I am afraid they will be burnt toast! I'll leave it at that.
Thank you for sticking up for the consumers and the small people that dont have the reach to expose these slimy schemes. I for one, cant wait to hear what newegg has to say in this talk and hope they get their act together soon so the aforementioned monopoly doesnt take over.
So they were unintentionally selling e-waste to their customers whom they unintentionally informed that there was thermal pate intentionally applied by the customer who they claim intentionally lied about the product returned unopened. A lot of unintentional mistakes to be repeatedly doing then "suddenly" realize it was unintentional. Also, the board GN received was already en route once to be fixed, yet they resold it after refusing repair. It's hard to believe the company has "green" intentions in mind with their inventory considering that.  I agree to a last chance though; often change only comes when push comes to shove.
Tech Jesus being tech Jesus am I right.
Dude, I'm sorry. But I literally can not take any explanation Newegg might have about this situation seriously. You're not a 'normal person'. They treated you like trash when they thought you were a normal person. They didn't mind screwing you, and now they want to explain and reassure their customers? I don't think so. The only way this situation had the possibility of making Newegg look decent, would be if they actually took care of the mistake when they thought you were a normal person.
Making an order this week from Newegg for a whole system. Lets see if I have an issue as well. (no open box items)
What you mean the only retailer? I don't live in the USA but I am pretty sure there are more than two hardware online Stores, right?
Honesty ..... its simple ... its what people are thought from childhood not hard.
I like that creators are starting to push companies to do better and not just hide behind pointing fingers
4:48 Nah, geese are just assholes
thanks
I saw some PR spin from Newegg out already claiming that this is a "small number" of orders and not "normal" despite the hundreds to thousands of comments and messages saying it's happening all the time. Strange. that must mean they are doing millions of orders if thousands are considered a "small number" which is probably true, but it's still disingenuous that they are saying it's "small" when it truly isn't.
How would a process error lead to them lie about thermal paste and reject the return?
Never realized how lucky I am to be 10 miles from a micro center lol
This is the right attitude to have Try and fix or make things better for all versus canceling and crushing in order to make ourselves feel better.
why do you ppl complain? You are the ones empowering them when you pay 1500 for a gpu and posting on the media "ohh I'm so lucky I got one". Not only that,  you wait in line for days like cattle going for slaughter!  I think Newegg and rest companies are way too kindhearted. If I were their CEO I would have  an operating theatre inside the store and would get 1 kidney and half your liver for payment as well.  Because, this is what that kind of ppl deserve since they have no self respect.  Am I too harsh? ohh, then what does this make of you?    (I have the doe to buy not one but 2x 3090s in current price but I won't, I am waiting for the price to be FAIR. Cause it is a matter of integrity. look up the word cause you have forgotten the meaning).
I agree that this issue probably only affects a minority of all of the customers and it is possible that it could only affect a small percentage of all the returns.  However what percent of all the open box products are having this issue?  And what percent of products sold by others that are listed on NewEgg website are having an elevated RMAs due to unsatisfied fulfillment of the product.  I personally refuse to buy from Amazon due to the likelyhood that you could be buying from a shady reseller, so NewEgg, sometimes BestBuy, and the local MicroCenter are my only hope in getting computer equipment.
It blows my mind that Newegg was ready and willing to screw over an account that has spent 10's if not 100's of thousands of dollars.
The green grass behind Steve makes me think about a farmer announcing a class suite action against John Deere.
I certainly hope this improves customer relations. Not just a shake hand, talk and fuggedaboutit from Humpty Dumpty. Gamers Nexus fightin for the people. ✊
This crap that goes on certainly isnt newegg "policy" - its criminal employees dumping junk into the rma steam while taking out good stuff
please tell them to stop this "SHUFFLE" bullshit
This not anything new, it's happening everywhere in the world. I was denied RMA on 20+ dead pixels on my monitor because my monitor was missing a sticker with a serial number. Never mind the serial number is on the box and in the monitor's menu, the sticker is missing so RMA is denied. Keep in mind this was not seal, no screws underneath it, and best of all the monitor came like this (probably a return too!). After a month of ignoring me I started a shitstorm on social site, over 20k people reacted to the post and guess what, the next day I got two emails and a call from the store that they will take the monitor for another inspection. Assholes. Imagine how many people gave up unlike me!!
There is also B&H which sells computer hardware, I actually got my 5950X through them in a remarkably civilized process compared to all the drops elsewhere.
Wow, that press release made me cringe multiple times. "small number of returns"; "small number of customers"; "isolated incidents" - repeating a false statement multiple times doesn't make it true. That's not how logic works. "every customer is important" - I guess that's why it took a prestigious reviewer with a large following before you react to something that has been going on for years now. I'm 41 now and I'm just so done with this type of marketing corporate bullshit that tries wo weasel out of everything while at the same time pretending nothing bad happend and insulting your intelligence.
Love the transparency of how you handle this Steve, I just feel this is bullshit from Newegg, cause let's face it, they got caught, handled and owned by a youtube channel with big success and follow. If it was a standard customer they could care less as it barely affects their sales. They only care cause GN can cause a serious dent in their business, upsetting their investors and having heads roll. Sometimes I hate corporate mentality, but at the end can't blame em, the main purpose of a business is to make money.
careful steve you dont wanna piss off a goose or a flock of em...they are MEAN! that part made my day <3
I think Newegg started going down hill when they started selling dog food.
I got an open box (but it was listed as new) ASUS ROG RYUJIN II 360 AIO from them and the pump was broken out of the box. I specifically mentioned your videos when I sent it back for a return. It looks like it might have worked because it says I have a return pending on the website.
please please please please please ask them about the bundling of known exploding PSUs with highly in-demand graphics cards! (and even if not in the serials list of affected ones, the fact they are pushing what would effectively unsoldable items to most people aware of the Gigabyte issue)
Looking forward to the interview
This might be one of the most important meetings newegg will ever be a part of. I'll be keeping an eye. Good luck to you guys at gamers nexus!
GN - Ask Eric Wein if Newegg is going to reach out to all the other customers they screwed over even from years ago, or at the very least invite people with genuine grievances that Newegg just washed aside or played out until the customer gave up; to come forward to have it re-assessed.  If Newegg genuinly wants to make good, they should pay reparations to all the others without a platform who's money they essentially stole.
The fact that Newegg is communicating with you is a good first step. However, I am immediately suspicious since they're sending their head PR flak instead of someone in a more executive role.
The problem still isn’t that broken shit got sold. It’s that it got denied for a return.
A PR person? PR people don't answer questions, but do spin. You need to talk to the exec in charge of the RMA department.
response was: we have a new egg for you :D
Down with BIG TECH!!!!
Gotta give y'all credit for not letting this blow over and pushing NewEgg to a corner they aren't comfortable in.  Just make sure to check the head of public relations when you meet with him, you can never know of he'll arrive in an open box by accident
"A very small number of returns". So instantly this tells me they still don't get it, or still don't want to get it. THIS IS NOT A TIME TO CYA, NEWEGG! Apologize to the people you have put through this, with no excuses, and that will be a good starting point. How dense can these folks be..
TL;DW: Steve is showing up with cameras at Newegg. Newegg said they wanna talk with Steve.
This video is sponsored by 'be quiet!', ironically also Neweggs motto.
That PR person better sit down and practice NOT to use the downplay tone of that press release in the interview, if they want any chance of getting their customers trust back. "Accidentally" selling e-waste as legit product is maybe a "bad customer experience", yes. Not fun, annoying, but excusable if it was actually a mistake and you replace/refund it straight away. Denying refunds and blaming damage that you know was there before on the customer is straight up fraud, well beyond "bad experience". Newegg better own up to that, if they want this PR disaster to go away.
Sold all my newegg stock!
Based on their corporate response on Twitter, I don't believe they have any intention of changing things. It seems to be a "oops, got caught, let's minimize the damage and move on"
Please rip that corporate executive to shreds. Don't give them a single millimeter of room to breathe, because they will take advantage in any way they can. If you let them, they will do basically nothing while pretending to do everything. Also, it's chicken soup for my tired Millenial soul.
Now show up to Nvidia about them gpu scalping
You're meeting their PR Director!  Any honest talk will be one sided.  nothing to do with New Egg People in that role make a living  talking continually, while not giving any real information.  It's just who they are.  Best of Luck.
Don't forget to plan a 6 month/1 year check-in to see if the lip service was actionable after talking with Newegg.
Awesome for you guys that you are following up on this. Thanks for the clarity in your content and the willingness to share this type of information with the YouTube community.
haha! I enjoyed the scouting mission.
I bought a gpu that never worked when I got it.  And they wouldn't exchange or refund.  Also no rma either. Never buying from them again
With the board you were sent... who was the genius that decided not to pay Gigabyte $100 to replace the CPU socket on a $500+ mobo? Either they're stupid, because they could recoup some cost rather than throw it away as ewaste, or it was pre-meditated and they decided they could shaft someone with the bad mobo and not lose any money. Hopefully they resolve this, but I would say that if they're truly committed to customer satisfaction, the next thing they need to address is the cesspool that is their marketplace.
May not be a duel in the wild west, but it should be a meeting as important as the good, the bad and the ugly. An encounter in the tech west.
We don't get Newegg where Iive but this is super intriguing to watch. Hopefully they don't screw it up in the interview. Looking forward to it!
I like buying stuff off of b & h 🤷🏽‍♂️
ironic.. its sponsored by.. BeQuiet.. or not! 😆
This meeting should be very interesting. Will Newegg do the standard dog and pony show? Or can Gamers Nexus get truthful answers with real solutions?
I can't wait to hear all the lies and promises that NewEgg will spew. It will be glorious and predictable.
1.  I wish companies would stop trying to minimize serious issues by framing them as "a very small number of (whatever)" in their borderline non-apologies.  It reminds of me is 2 a lot?  Dollars, no.  Men with knives blocking your way in a dark alley, yes.  When they minimize the issue it comes across as (because it is) disingenuous and dismissive. 2.  No, customer service is NOT the most important thing to you, profits clearly are.  Anyone with more than a week of business experience, and 2 brain cells to rub together, can look at your return/RMA policies and realize they are not customer friendly.  If customer service was your focus, situations where if you screw up the customer gets screwed over because they can't PROVE you were the one who screwed up wouldn't be possible.  Most of the time when these easily avoidable situations occur in a well established company, it's because some pencil pushing manager realized they could boost profit margins by 0.01% by cutting payroll hours in a "non critical" department that doesn't directly generate revenue (such as returns/RMA).  This leads to the department being understaffed and having to cut corners like eliminating inventory checks and redundancies that would catch initial mistakes.  When understaffed departments are rushed, they make mistakes.  Then they are rushed even more because having to deal with unhappy customers takes up even more of their time, leading to a vicious cycle of "shocking incompetence".  This is also of course discounting the possibility of malice, screwing over the customer intentionally because admitting fault or giving the benefit of the doubt when you know the mistake is probably on your end is more profitable (in the short term) than doing the right thing. 3.  Not really a shocking revelation, but I'm as always sick and tired of companies only (appearing to) addressing issues after the right people with a large enough online following (or news coverage) makes a stink about it.  If the upcoming interview doesn't reveal SPECIFICS on how they are fixing things in a meaningful and TRANSPARENT way, I'm officially done with Newegg forever.  Vague PR spin about "updating procedures" and the like aren't going to cut it.
Those hired Newegg birds with frickin laser beams attached to their heads. Nice Dodge.
I still refuse to return as a customer to NewEgg - they are saving face rather than addressing an issue they knew about for years.
If Newegg had the commitment and dedication to its costumers als GN has, this would have never happened and Newegg would be an industry leader. But....
Hope Newegg changes I liked them too and I agree we need alternatives to Amazon and I actually like the Newegg shuffle because I was able to get a 3070ti which I like using for gaming and mining
They need to refund all the RMAs for the past years in order to start fixing it. It is disappointing that they need to be forced into this and can't do it on their own. It will take a long time for them to prove themselves to me.
I wish tigerdirect would improve.
I really want to be able to trust NewEgg again. As it stands they've lost 1 customer. One might dismiss this but I have several friends, acquaintances, and general contacts whom also have the same and so on. Think of it like a snow ball rolling downhill and the trust they put in me for recommended purchasing and the company behind that purchase and it becomes much larger than 1 annoyed customer. Word of mouth or even correspondence through Discord, Twitter, or whatever platform  can be a 2 edged sword for companies and they need to realize people will spread word of a bad experience faster than a good one. Although this specific situation has not happened to me I have relayed the story on multiple Discord channels with relevant links and now we're talking at least several thousand people reached. Communication is at the speed of light and corporations need to stop acting as if a few dozen customers unhappy do not matter. We the customers Can and Will make our voices heard. Cheers! Stay Healthy and Stay Sane.
There's BH photo too.  No tax either with their credit card.
It's more than just NewEgg and MicroCenter though, we've got Tigerdirect and NCIX to say nothing of the Brick & Mortar PC retailers like Best Buy and CompUSA
Ask them to make the "Open Box" more visible on their item pages.
The closest Newegg is one continent away from me, but I hope there's no other neweregg around me that do "business" like they do
Newegg is about to be sent to the shadow realm. lol
damn those animatronic geese you had ..good use of sponsor money.
In the next few months I'm considering a new case, mb, cpu and possibly ddr5 ram. If newegg promises to change their ways I may just.. order some paper clips from them. But amazon is getting the pc parts orders no question.
Am I the only one thinking Newegg will try to blame COVID conditions as much as possible? I hope you guys are prepared to dismiss this and other cheap, fast excuses and hold them accountable as the serious business they are.. A very lucrative, non consumer friendly business.
Keep going strong GN 🤘
They will emerge to champion their purpose with great fluster, fury and flourish but will likely fumble in the execution of their words. Seems they may have gotten too big for their britches, as we used to say. I don't know if you ought to edit anything you record, as folks will claim the edits swayed opinion one way or the other. Good luck.
Word of advice: Dont talk back to geese like that, for they might turn around and come down on you like the plague 😬
Ducks arent real
Steve to birds: QUIET ON SET!! birds to Steve: Hey, at least our eggs are NEW!! Back to you, Steve.
GN I’m not sure if it’s possible to add this request to the Newegg meeting, but I’d love if they can take you into their warehouse, with full transparency in mind, to show the RMA workflow in person.
Huh, you are juicing this topic as much as possible. I'm expecting further controversy, something's gonna make this numbers go up and up.
Seems likely you already have you responce via them sending you the PR spin guy. Its this persons role to make bad look good and good look great so that will be how they approach it.  Respect to you for going ahead with it anyway, I'd have a hard time not saying "No thanks" until you get to someone who actually runs the business.  I'm predicting their robotic responces will make for some funny content though, lets face it, GN viewers are never using Newegg again.
I was picked for a ryzen 9 5950x in the shuffle and also had to purchase a Liqtech 2 water cooler, and when my package arrived it only had the water cooler, so i waited a few days and nothing, contacted them and was told they were shipped together, was asked for pictures of the box and the contents inside, i took multiple pictures of my package and sent them, and was told there was nothing they could do that they were packaged together, :( i literally ate the price of the CPU and am stuck with just a shitty water cooler, seeing this can anyone reach out and give me options?
Newegg will never change and that's because they're owned by a Chinese company.
Isn't NewEgg basically owned by the CCP now? No surprise there.
Please don't let them weasel out of questions.  They sold you a MB with a OEM RMA sticker stating it was unfixable and tried to blame you for breaking it.  They sold me a completely disassembled PC, whoever bought it before me robbed and swapped out their broken parts to fix their PC and shipped the trash back to Newegg to get a refund and didn't even try to hide what they did.  PSU, MB, GPU, Cooler, Ryzen CPU with crushed pins, only the fans were mounted.  What Newegg has been doing, is a hell of a lot bigger than "a few" customers, they have screwed over so many people.
Steve, you should ask them for some "Thermal Pâté" for review ...probably will come already dry and cracked, scraped off from other users return CPU :))
Steve's hair blowing in the wind, magical.
what a waste of money and resources lol
at least a duopoly? what a disappointment! I thought capitalism would foster sprawling competitive markets. Guess not ... then?!
something feels fishy... i know Steve has some big integrity energy - but this one feels off.  comparing tone of the last video to this one, it's clear something has transpired. what that is? only GN and  NewEgg knows...  the biggest difference is the language being used - last 2 vids were very pointed and attack-y, this vid is laid back and almost respectful.  last vid [newegg sucks, they are evil, they are stealing and scamming]  this vid [let's hear them out, maybe they aren't all that bad. lets let them redeem blah blah blah]   then again, maybe it was 'heat of the moment' on the previous vid and now Steve has had a chance to regain his brain and composure.
Tech Jesus bathed in sunlight? Is this the Rapture?
You know a company is messed up when there is a specific role for "escalations".
For me, this is MSI India Customer Service. I had a printed bill from my retailer for my MSI B350M Gaming Pro Motherboard. It had to be sent for RMA to Delhi due to a corrupted bios during update caused due to power failure. And to my surprise, they denied me the RMA Service on the basis of that it was a printed bill from my retailer and it needed to be either hand written or the bill be stamped and signed by the retailer (F U MSI India). At the end, my retailer got the issue sorted and gave me a brand new MSI Board and everything's hunky dory now. But, I will never ever go back to MSI for any of my computer parts.
between the Open Box RMA scandal (my name for the current scandal) and selling defective (Potentially explosive) Power supplies with GPU's, Newegg has lost about sll the credibility they can afford to lose. This interview could break them if they can't say then do any changes
Newegg... more like Oldegg at this point, these types of PR announcements posted by these companies are getting extremely old, boring, tiring, and everyone can see through them at this point. It's just pointless and makes them look worse, because not only are they trying to do damage control, but in the process of doing so they diminish the problem by saying things like 'a very small number of returns'... right...
Steve, thank you so much for following through with this. This really gives a voice to the consumer. I have no doubt that New Egg will improve their process and services now simply because they don’t really have another option. I will definitely buy from them in the future if you become satisfied with the changes they put in place. Every company makes mistakes or in some cases acts in bad faith. However, the companies that truly change and make it right deserve a second chance if they can demonstrate how they are never going to let those things happen again. Thanks again for everything you do. You truly are more than just a YouTuber.
PR dude gonna earn their inflated salary or reveal their incompetence...stay tuned!
Those tactical Newegg Geese Agents are terrifying.
newegg is the OG
A wasted effort, they are owned by the Chinese now. That business culture the majority of Chinese follow will tell you what you want to hear ... Then smile as you leave and say, "we must be more stealthy in our shadiness"
Wouldn't be surprised if Newegg was the scalpers all along at this point.
I'm loving this Newegg scam saga
Put em in a body bag, Steve
Thank you Steve for doing the god's work.. you are an inspiration..
What about tiger direct and CDW?
So glad for this. I've been using newegg( however not lately for obvious reasons) and WANT THEM to succeed. But they need to improve. I know most stories need to be taken with grain of salt however if Steve is doing this then there is evidence of multiple issues.
#Boycott #Newegg
Thank you for what you guys do and sticking up for us the customers (and well, yourself too technically). Safe travel
this whole storyline is so exciting. even tho i will never use new egg, because im german. nontheless very intriguing
Steve, are you yelling at Canada Gooses? Cos if you have a problem with Canada Gooses you have a problem with me, and I suggest you let that marinate.
Can't thank you enough for doing all this work Gamers Nexus you guys are keeping businesses honest.. and really helping us gamers 🦊👍👍👍. Thank you thank you thank you
What Newegg did was really messed up and its really bad that they screwed customers like this. Hopefully you do get that interview with Newegg and maybe make all of this right.
The multiple references to "small number" is very telling.  Their failure rate of handling returns is statistically catastrophic.  A much better term would be a significant and unacceptable level of failures.  The "small number" is equal to a small problem and a refusal to actually recognize and address the issue.  The PR person handling the meeting is also a bad sign.  They will say all of the right things but were not part of the problem, have no first hand knowledge of the problem, and have no authority to make the appropriate meaningful changes to address the problem.  The PR person wants to fix the PR issue and not the actual issue.  The head of the RMA process, repairs, and exchanges should be involved.  They were the one that is ultimately responsible, should be aware of the issues, and directly in charge of fixing it.
Call me cynical, but I doubt any lasting change will happen at NewEgg.  I seriously doubt this sort of behavior was the result of a rogue manager in charge of returns and RMAs.  All of this stems from top-level management.  People at the top must know and are most likely complicit with what's been going on for the past 6 years.  Their goal was to burn the proverbial candle at both ends (the customers' goodwill and the company's reputation) to maximize their revenue to line their pockets.  They were going to keep this scam operation going for as long as they can, but now they got caught and called out by GN.  Unless we see the entire executive leadership team resign or get replaced, this will continue to happen.
Steve : "And change the booking for the return flight instead to go to Southern California and meet with Newegg!" Newegg : "Steve is coming! Fly you fools!"
Newegg should've never let it go this far. They messed up big time. This little spark in the woods has turned into a raging forest fire.
Not sure how much commitment it shows in fixing their processes if they are sending a PR/marketing guy to meet you. He's probably not even going to know what you're talking about.
"unintentional process errors" - outright lie right there
This is what peak Tech Journalism looks like.
We realized the Newegg thing is getting more views, and therfore more money so we modified our plans lol.
The lighting in the intro commentary is really great.
Never work with animals.
Not a lawyer, but this smells so much like a class-action suit in the making.
my money is on a corporate stuffy PR response, or maybe a fake initial response and promise of better things with literally nothing changing
after Brett's video, Im never shopping at Newegg again.  period.
"Director of Public Relations" So they're a professional bullshitter.
I can't say, how much I appreciate your steps to help solve the issue instead of putting out hate against Newegg. This shows once more and thoroughly that Gamers Nexus is indeed a trustworthy and professional team. Love the reaction and the way you handle the case. 👍👍👍👍👌
I'm having flashbacks of the meeting at PRINCIPLED TECHNOLGIES and that grumpy old bitter sanctimonious guy that you were forced to talk to.
"mix up".....do you really think that someone being paid minimum wage can make a decision to deny an RMA when he/she clearly see the label pasted on top of the product saying it is broken? No, such decision need to be made at higher level/or thru internal policy, and intentionally at that. I can GUESS (just guess ,no true fact, definite statement etc) that it goes something like this. "hey boss, this RMA has our label indicating that it is broken. but it was sold to the customer and they RMA it without opening it. what should I do?" .Boss, "just deny it, they can't check. How are they gonna prove that it is us?".  Newegg was caught with their pant down and they are just trying to mitigate damage. Bunch of liars.
Looking forward to that interview. Thank you!
This is everything. Impacts everyone. They're isolated incident BS needs to be brought up. Out of likely millions upon millions upon millions of transactions even 1% of that per year still represents thousands potentially thousands of people who have been screwed over like this and this is probably the closest we'll ever get to accountability true accountability and change probably for the better part of this decade. Thank you for taking time out of your business's scheduled to do this since you had the unfortunate opportunity to get a hat into the ring since you too are now part of the unwilling club of victims of new egg
Mr. Burke, blink twice if you’re being taken hostage by Newegg
"I don't want amazon to be the only pc part supplier" I didn't know how to feel about this arc for that very reason. I'm glad we're on the same page , Steve.
What's sad is that none of this would be happening if you didn't experience it yourself to expose them this way. They're only doing this because they're being called out. If they really cared and meant what they said in their statement they would've actively had better checks and processes from the get-go. Doing damage control this way means nothing, I don't care about their policy changes and responses at this point. Only time will tell.
Wow BS newegg. Thanks Steve
Time to crack the egg open and call them out on their BS.
Frankly with my experiences with Newegg in the past they will have to move mountains for me to go anywhere but microcenter. I severely doubt anything that they will say will be of any relevance to actual changes in the company.
I have great luck with B&H. Good experience buying as well as returning when necessary. It isn't just Amazon and Newegg
Man, now I see why you are called the "Tech Jesus" also, I really really really hope that Newegg will come out and fix whatever its going on with them and eventually go back to the glory days. I do not want Amazon being the only place to buy hardware and I also don't really trust them interms of pc tech.
Arite, time to buy some popcorn so i'm ready for this
This has been fascinating to follow this story as it develops and I really appreciate you digging into it like this. I'm very much looking forward to the interview to hear about the quote "small number" of cases. I hope they can get back to being the store they used to be but they have a long way to go to earn customer trust again.
All Newegg needs to do is have the workers film the unboxing or boxing and observe the box returned or shipped to determine what’s inside then store the vid file to that order number or customer name.
nice job guys im not shopping at newegg any time soon regardless
Might wanna set up a ghost account for purchases from now on.
My only question... is "QUIET ON SET" the new "Back to you, Steve!" ?
So they decided to make the PR guy speak... Meh
4:37 😂😂🤣
Hopefully the Fedex truck at the end did not have your Newegg open box item.  Just kidding of course, but I do hope the meeting with Newegg makes some changes to the company on the Open Box policy or who inspects the items before they ship out.  TY for the awesome content!
I used to build gaming computers back in 98 and 99 in order everything through new egg I have no idea they've been tripping this hard.
This screams khabibs send me location.
capitalism: freedom to have two american companies selling you stuff in a duopoly.
I wish microcenter would start selling online and shipping to people that aren’t fortunate enough to have one close to the,
While I am glad that you have changed your tactic from ambushing Newegg to actually being reasonable I can help that you in your fervor nearly sacrificed the professionalism that you and the GN team have been trying to build up by pulling some gonzo journalism stunt. You are Gamers Nexus not Buzzfeed, we expect better from you guys because you have indeed done better in the past.
They are "reaching out to this small number of customers who may have been affected by these errors." How do they know who to reach out to if "These were unintentional process errors and isolated incidents." They're saying it was an accident but at the same time saying they know of stuff they sent out that had issues with it and who they sent them to.
Have you seen UFD tech's video... Newegg screwed them over big time. You probably know about that.
I appreciate your reasoning for wanting to talk and correct Newegg. I decided a while ago I wanted to limit the amount of money/business I give Amazon due to their practices and treatment of employees. I'm under no delusions that any large company is going to be a bastion of morality, but having at least a duopoly is definitely preferable to having Amazon be the only option.
I sincerely hope that newegg get fucked, at the moment I rather give money to amazon
Kindly ask them why they decided to scam UFDtech and back out of donating to charity
Customer service died with COVID. That's what I think the problem is.
Actions speak louder  than words let's see if they make good with there words
I look forward to sseing how this goes down and wish I had any faith in new egg
Lol just listened Linus tear them a new one on his last  podcast and now this new video 🤣
This meeting with either make or break Newegg they better  get  there shit together, we want action, results not just empty words.
keep up the good work.
Fucking love you for putting the screws to these companies who have gone on far too long without having to answer for their anti-consumer practices.
Newegg sold out to China in 2016, that old shopping experience is gone, never to return.
Gamers out in the wild in broad daylight is a freaky sight!
I would love to see the internal meetings about who is being shifted into other positions and which departments are getting laid off because of this whole debacle. Because it has to be a multi level of incompitance to accomplish what they have done.
Nobody fucks with Tech Jesus!
We appreciate everything you do to represent us Steve. Thank you for not only using your platform to call out large companies when needed, but most importantly providing amazing, intelligent content for a base that truly loves technology and is passionate across all disciplines.
Love how civil and transparent you are with this story. Best investigative journalist I know of!
Funny how on one hand they are willing to talk to you about their process but on the other they are willing to pay hush money to UFD tech in the same breath.
we wont let you talk to anyone who is actually responsible for the issues you faced here talk to our pr talking head
This video features Geese Drones.
"small number", they say. I'm sure James John and Fred would have a different thought about being called a "small number" affected by that O2 tank explosion on apollo13, lol.  The three may have been a small number of affected people working at NASA, however, that is still 100% of the crew.  It doesn't matter if "open box" and the defective PSU bundles were only a small percent of Newegg's total sales, if most of them were bad.
I feel like Newegg has him in a field with people aiming at him behind the camera making him say this🤣
"It's not a duel in the wild west"   McRee:  It's HIGH NOON
QUIET ON SET!
"A very small numbers", the synonym of "insignificant". Statistically miniscule, so it can be disregarded. You are insignificant, guys. What a great answer.
Steves hair in the wind… fabulous
That PR statement from Newegg sounds remarkably like Apple's when discussing systemic issues. See The butterfly keyboard and nvidia GPU statements where "a small number" or "few" is used to reduce the perceived impact of the errors. Even if your particular issue may have been a "small" case... I mean there was only 1 of that particular motherboard that was re-sold in that month with that particular failure... 1 is a small number. But, the voices of other impacted customers' issues ring out against their narrative.
"small number" Ah yes just like Apple saying "a small portion "
While you're there can you ask them why the "Newegg Shuffle" gives you the ability to buy cards hundreds of dollars over MSRP? Newegg seems to also be scalping cards and turning it into a sweepstakes to drive traffic to it's website. Scalpers are actually more honest.
Beautiful framing, great shots 💖
You can't call it "isolated incedents" if it has happened numerous times.  I've been a customer of Newegg since they started as a company but after hearing all of this I will happily take my business to the Microcenter three hours away.
Gamestop is getting better now
ask them why when we returned a psu, gigabyte, which is clearly garbage, and they sold it to us in combo with a gpu, ask them why they kept our money, they never returned it, they stole from me!!!!
I can't say much on them saying the only thing I have ordered from them was a screen replacement for my last laptop before reselling. It had a line of dead pixels and I didn't want to sell it that way but I got the order to me in time and it worked 100%.
Good luck with the conversation with a multinational company.
Get yer smoke detectors ready, fellers...
Great work! Nice to see you use your power to make the customer experience better for everyone.
Birds aren't real. Certainly scouts, indeed.
Wooaaa Steve is bringing RTX in a whole new level!!! Uncanny valley!
Hahahahaha I think they work for newegg XD
I just watched the video from UFD Tech where Newegg didn't pay him for content he made as part of a partner program, and then on top of that made him send his own CPU to a winner of a charity stream that they promised to sponsor...unreal.
Just ask them to make photos of products before they go out and post it to the product - this way they don't get taken for a ride and the customer also sees what they get. I mean, if you send the mainboard to Gigabyte and get it repaired for $100 and you have $250 off, this may be a deal you want to pursue.
Here in Alaska our option are so limited and I as well bought most of my parts from New Egg and still do as well as Amazon,  Best/worstbuy is a joke up here most of us know more than they do  i just my beast gaming system from both New Egg and Amazon my New Egg parts came in much faster then Amazon no issues from either.
Thank you for holding them accountable!
Newegg claims that they have changed policies to "hassle-free" returns for open box items. Given that in the original video the product was clearly advertised as having "hassle-free" returns, it really begs the question of what this means and what the previous policy was. I hope this is something GN addresses in their interview!  Edit: See 8:27 in the "Newegg Scammed Us" video for a screenshot showing this.
Can GN be a little honest and admit that they're pursuing the Newegg scandal in part for the gained views/subs. The bit at the end where Steve makes it sound like postponing other videos for this content is a huge sacrifice sounds a bit tacky.
I can only hear the birds say "F U!" when told to quiet down
Was wondering if like Apple they would use "very small number" buzz words. Unless someone in the C-suite is tasked with this issue in an ongoing basis and has the power to effect change I doubt anything will change. The bottom line takes precedence with some corporations.
In EU (if i am not mixing up) by law the responsibility is with vendor for the first 6 month. It is vendors problem to prove device was sold in working conditions
“It’s not a duel in the Wild West,” except it kind of is
Newegg can go belly up for all I care.
This saga is still better than The Twilight Saga
Nice back peddling newegg. While that statement is a "step" in the right direction, it's not enough to make me move even an inch yet
When I built my very first PC last year people were recommending I used Newegg I am so glad I did not
Keep em honest y'all! Keep up the good work!
“Quiet on set” was hilarious…
This REEKS of PR-bullshit.  Just as we've seen with your "secret shopper" videos -- the system-builders ALWAYS promise "changes and improvements" only for the secret shopper TechTubers to face IDENTICAL PROBLEMS the following year.  Are we really to believe that these are "rare incidents" when a handful of TechTubers ALL have the same problems EVERY YEAR they purchase a given product?  Cmon now, y'all corporations aren't even trying with the propaganda these days.  If you're gonna lie to me at least TRY and make it believable, yea?
Dont fail for their bullshit, sounds like a lost cause.
*Principled Technologies* That was an awesome video... to paraphrase that guy said something like "I've been doing this for twenty years so I know what I'm doing... but in retrospect maybe disabling half the cores (in this INTEL sponsored benchmark) on the AMD CPU was a mistake."  (oh you think? And disabling half the cores was for WORKSTATION CPU's at the time due to then NUMA issues or whatever that could tank performance unless you disabled part of the CPU. All PI did at the time by disabling half the cores was turn an 8-core CPU into a 4-core CPU then compete against an Intel 8-core CPU).
Golden hour cinematography
F'ing juicy. Any chance Newegg will have fun with a skit? Do the "high noon" duel. Back to back. Cap guns? Or something more suitable. Wear cowboy hats? Anything old western for this? I know it's serious, but still. This is a fricken showdown.
its not even a mix up it is a common issue today at all companies and that is a lack of standards. So many companies are failing today to meet general quality control. I do not know when half assery became the norm but it has
They barely address there is an issue in their PR statement, we all know what lip service looks like. It's going to take them a while to fix any of this and I have little faith they'll keep it up if anything is done. Good Luck!
While I'm certainly interested in seeing how this pans out...  On another note are you guys going to be reviewing the upcomingg Coolermaster HAF 700 EVO?
I still watch your content, but between the shortages of the pandemic, and companies being scummy, I feel like I have very little choice in who to buy electronics from. No one in this space is good anymore, and you should go into it expecting to be scammed. If computers weren't so absolutely necessary nowadays, I would give up on the whole thing.
Thanks!
I would probably blur your customer rep's email, unless it's available publicly.
price be dropping on newegg tho lol
Regardless what they say, the trust has been broken. There is no recovery after this.
"small amount of costumers" yeah i don´t believe you
Welcome to COMMIEFORNIA!
I don't see how Newegg could ever be its old self, since it's a completely different business than it was then. They were sold and are/were attempting to be an Amazon. I used to be able to drive to Newegg. You can't anymore.
go get em boss!
Keep up the good fight. I've been eyeballing a new rig build and I've always used newegg, for over a decade. This situation kinda put a bad taste in my mouth. I agree that these companies need to be kept honest, and this is how you do it.
4:38 *No, they're Canadian...*  Obviously it's LTT
ask them about the gouged prices and the rigged shuffle, and the selfish forced bundles, if you really wanna do the work then go all the way dont pick and choose
Funny how this only happens as a scandal stares them in the face.
You guys rock. Thank you for doing this
Your reporting on this has been exemplary. Good to see.
Hope no one following this is lactose intolerant.
Thank you for doing this!  It's so important that we have several places to go for PC hardware to keep the business fair.
Hmm. Newegg is sending their PR person to the meeting. They should have sent someone higher up than PR. Newegg's "small number of customers" comment is clearly BS. It's far too many customers that have been scammed to be a "small number". Thanks for all your hard work at GN.
The GN/Newegg interview we've been waiting for is confirmed! However, if it doesn't pop-off like the Gayle King/R. Kelly one, was it even worth it? 🤔😂
Sorry but I stopped shopping at Newegg when they started gouging gamers years ago....
Steve this is a great piece of journalism. I am happy Newegg is willing to speak upon this. I am looking forward to the meeting.
Oh one more thing, they said open box cpus and mb, what about gpus, maybe they get sent back mining cards where customers try to get new ones for their used mining cards, i wonder if that could happen and companies get the mining card and resell it as open box?
Remember to thank Newegg for all the free publicity and videos :)
they need to fire whoever "serviced" and posted system online, they need to fix their support for people on rma
32k views in 45 minutes!!!!! Crack that rotten egg!
the thing is there is a double failure here, they failed to ship a working mobo and failed to notice at rma that it was there fault. this isn't a single person. This is a buisnis not caring about there  customers.
"Florida man goes to California to attempt communication with wayward retailer"
If Tiger Direct not any good. Heard him mention Newegg and Microcenter as a computer buying site but I've used TigerDirect and didn't have a problem but that was along time ago
"Small number of customers" surely Kappa
Don't forget about Newegg bundling crap power supplies with the graphics cards last year without the ability to return faulty psus just to to unload their problem onto consumers.
Newegg are liars. How can you believe anything they say? They’re just going to tell you what they think you want to hear and continue being criminals.
Ironic having "be quiet!" as sponsor on the mess of  Newegg after the try to be quiet about this metter KEKW
Newegg made Steve so mad, he went and found a field to scream in!
The outright lying from customer service reps of NewEgg is totally inexcusable. I understand that they are likely just "following orders", however if part of your job is to lie to people and you choose that line of work then you are a scumbag along with the company that you work for.  I detest liars.
X to Doubt
What if normal person like me? , the one Get scamed, newegg will ingrone us rigth
Does anyone think Newegg's position will be anything other than marketing speak about how 'they are committed to to the utmost quality customer care experience blah blah blah.'  They've screwed over enough people at this point (even with one-on-one communications with customer service representatives where the customer has video and/or pictorial evidence, yet are still branded as a liar) that mere words aren't going to fix this. It's obvious they have just turned their corporate model into a money grab.   Vote with your dollars, folks. Newegg is going to have to **earn** back trust and market share. They've already burned their bridge and fked themselves. I'd love to see them become a trusted distributor again like they once were but we are talking about corporate structure and bottom line here. It's all an equation of how much they spend on how much they earn. Thats it. It's not about 'the customer', it's about how they maximize profits. That is the only goal in the corporate world. Period.
When I ran a PC repair/part sale shop until 2015, we would spend around $10k-$13k a month on parts and ran into issues like this all the time where they would screw us over on returns/replacements.
Joke is on me, we don't have microcenter or Newegg.
I hope you can pressure them to keep their word. They might just send that PR director to provide lip service then not do jack shit.
Steve,  In the last video, you made a jab (albeit accurately) that Newegg was in its death throes in term of viability over the last several years. I logged into my Newegg account for the first time in almost ten years back in 2021 to sign up for one of their “shuffles”. While I was there, I looked at my most recent (“”) purchase history, and it was an AIO for a build with an i7-2700k from nearly a decade ago. I haven’t kept up with Newegg at all until recently when I managed to “win” a shuffle which allotted me the extreme privilege to pay for a video card and an inferior motherboard, but what are the chances that Newegg is just extremely understaffed?  What also are the chances that this is intentional given that this sudden business boom to Newegg versus Microcenter, Amazon, et al is definitely a bubble that will burst and they are attempting to maximize profits and liquidate assets as they can?
I really hope they take this seriously. 100% do not want Newegg to continue to decline when our other options are Best Buy that thinks it's OK to gate the only actual MSRP priced RTX GPUs behind a $200 paywall, Amazon that has done absolutely nothing to try to stop bots from instantly buying up the stock they do receive and Micro Center who are great but only if you live near one. Their response at this meeting is going to be make or break for them to a lot of us.
That hotel scene looks like a chroma lol
Btw are you going to try open box detective work with other companies, as newegg cant be the only one.
My son had gotten a gift card from a Canadian utuber for a couple of hundred dollars. My son was excited and got his friend a small gift who also lives in Canada. We live in the United States and he went to spend the rest on him self. That's when we found out that he would not be able to use the money in the account in the states because he had bought something for his Canadian friend. We called customer service about six or seven times trying to fix the situation and everytime we where blown off. I so much as went to say that it was theft. So the only way he can use the remainder of the money is to go to Canada and buy it and wait for it to be delivered some where in Canada. Wtf?!
Thanks for this further update and info!  Also appreciate the effort GN is making for an actual one-on-one approach to investigate the issue(s), as also extending these efforts out to the community and end users  -  and hopefully will "boost" or bring on more quality improvements and corrections within Newegg servicing & policies - which has been going on for quite some time.
@8:33  :D Beautiful piece of editing - keep up the good work guys!
Man this season of Gamers Nexus is a wild one. Can't wait for the new episode!
I have a suggestion for them, all open box items take high resolution photos of them before you ship it, and share it with the customer and give them time to accept of reject it based on the condition it's in.  If they were serious about addressing issues they would send a manager out to meet you, not the PR person. They are still damage controlling rather than fixing.
Great reporting. Keep up the good work :)
damn shes pretty hot too looks like
Those unreal engine 5 backgrounds are really excellent!
hey GN, PLEASE in your discussion, talk to them about the newegg shuffle. it is anti-consumer and borderline predatory to force consumers to buy ANYTHING, let alone dangerous PSUs, alongside high demand items that are already overpriced.
While he read the press release from Newegg I thought of Steve's story with the product he received that had pubic hair in it. Yes, when I think of Newegg, I think of high quality service.
It's not spring, so the geese probably aren't laying New Eggs
Don’t forget to give them crap for those bundled power supplies. You guys are really cool for doing this.
Typical PR response,  I don't buy anything they spew out.
Hey Steve i think it's important you show up with evidence of other customer's experience and demand compensation for them.New egg should be held accountable for their past "misgivings".  To that end  i think its important that we as a community should try to provide you with as much as concrete evidence as possible.
Im glad you're doing this. i may not ever get my money back but justice is just as important.
Newegg is under the fkin SEESEEPEE
I am a bit confused as to the purpose of this video.
go ge them steve
He’s their PR guy….expect bullshit and spin doctoring  Doesn’t sound like a wild west duel but a drug deal XD…undisclosed location and times
This video kind of needs background music from "Ennio Morricone". And also, touch grass meme?
I'm glad Newegg is completely accepting full responsibility for being an absolutely disgusting unethical retailer.   Wait, are you saying they didn't do that? No, say it ain't so. That's so shocking.  Hope the discussion isn't more of this disingenuous PR bullshit.
I know this isn't the same topic. But can you ask, why they are too scalping gpus. It's one thing someone lucks up and finds one to make a profit, but it's another when a company doing it.
All @ GN. I dont want to be patronising, but I am so proud of what you and your team are doing and how you are doing it. Calling organisations out for what they do wrong, and how they then respond, is hugely valuable to your audience, and indeed a wider audience. It is very interesting to watch how different organisations respond widely differently to product and service issues, such as Lian Li, NZXT, Gigabyte, Nvidia, Newegg, and the list sadly goes on. Your content significantly impacts my buying decisions, and when combined with the likes of Jay, Ozzie Steven, Jerod, Linus and co, you demand that organisations do better and can help influence the landscape for the betterment of consumers. I know you work tremendously hard for our interests. Thank you very much. Leon
Newegg will send john Wayne i guarantee it...
Maybe this will make Newegg realize that their customer base isn't just a bunch of slackers with cheese powder covered fingers who are living in their parents' basement.
One part of Neweggs statement that is a potential red flag for me is them "reaching out to customers who have been affected" as opposed to giving people to option to contact them. Seems like they might reach out to a handful of people and fully ignore the rest just to get a little bit of good PR. Also, shoutout to all the major tech and gaming publications, none of whom as far as I can tell picked up the story until the second Newegg themselves made that tweet admitting to issues. Stellar journalism...
A big thank you to Gamer's Nexus for being such a great example of journalistic integrity :)
That Steffani Farmer is a bit of alright! 😲
To be honest, I don’t have a micro center anywhere nearby. It’s about a 2hr (ish) trip one way and another 2 (ish) on the way back. My choices are Amazon, Newegg, and Best Buy. For my most recent build, it was mostly a combination of Amazon and Newegg, but for recent upgrades like CPU and SSDs I used Best Buy (where they shipped it to the store nearby me).  I don’t want to use Amazon though because, let’s be honest, Jeff Bezos has enough money. I will actively avoid Amazon for expensive purchases. So that leaves Newegg and Best Buy for now.
"Some of you have Microcenter", everyone has Microcenter, they have an online store and shipping. They don't always or most of the time have the cheapest options, but everyone can shop there.
Fckin Chynese takeover is the problem.
You guys gotta turn your fans off. It's blowing Steve's hair all over
I'm here for this juicyness
Steve the sheep herder LOL Completely agree with the notion of not furthering Amazon's monopoly efforts. Also an OG here with fond memories of the NewEgg early years. Did someone say Tiger Direct? Sadly in reading the comments here and from other videos. Then hearing they are sending their  PR guy. Really NewEgg?!? Way to grab the bull by the horns on this story. I dont see the aircraft carrier  changing course any time soon. Ive never bought open box. Didnt trust it even back when NewEgg  was "trust worthy". I simply didnt think they would commit the time and labor to vet if an item was  still up to snuff. This is exactly why we see a new industry of small biz buying pallets of Amazon and  other companies returned merch to then handle and resell as they see fit. NewEgg could in fact do  this return sector correctly and honestly in house. But I dont see them committing the resources to  do so. I suspect its now an ingrained policy. Something only worsened by the crypto video card issue.  Takeaway is never buy open box from NG if possible. And video tape every box opening and testing  new or open box from here on out. Again if possible. I dont see things getting better with time.
i have a funny feeling Newegg will try to extinguish this dumpster fire with gasoline. hope i'm wrong and the PR person your meeting is knowledgeable about your experience and the inner workings of customer service, RMA's and Newegg's internal workings in general.
Newegg has always been in a weird place for me. I grew up in Alaska so their old free 2 or 3 day shipping was never an option for me. I used it a few times, it was fine and the overall experience was good. I used it a lot when they partnered with shoprunner so I did get free shipping. That was great. Then Newegg decided to remove items from shoprunner and introduce their own Newegg premium or whatever they called it while cutting Alaska out. I've used Newegg for their great search tools but ordering elsewhere for years now.
Newegg drama continues.  Stay tune  Building a new puter soon, WITHOUT Newegg. You guys are Platinum GN, keep up the fight. Thanks, Cheers
Well done for holding them to account, imagine if more channels for other products like cars could do the same ?  We could really see a positive drive to improve things for customers.
"... a very small number of returns may not have been thoroughly inspected..."  There's some internal document showing millions of cases like this, and everything in the document is typed normal size except the number of cases is dropped down to 4pt font... a "very small number".
Are we still thinking this is isolated to just Open Box returns?
I really don't have an opinion on Newegg's response. At this point they are either panicking trying to deflect or they don't care. Neither are good so this interview is going to be very important with how this company moves forward.
The PR statement in a nutshell:  We very small appreciate the small criticisms about a very small (very very small) number of failures in correctly processing very small returns from a very small number of very small customers.   Gotta publicly minimise those problems as quickly as possible so nobody finds out their true extent. Newegg's PR team clearly put on their thinking caps before writing that statement.
12 minutes, to say that they sent you an email and the plan is still on.  Come on man, you guys are better than this.
Ask them to stop scalping GPU's via their shuffle. just paid $1500 for a 3080. bundles with other hardware for a reasonable price is still crappy practice but better than charging 2x msrp for the item alone.
With the sun behind him and the green background he IS tech Jesus
Newegg needs to be shutdown for fraudulent claims
"Quiet on set!" had me rolling. Great video GN. Hopefully you using your platform to show companies that they aren't the be-all-end-all of sellers will get them to tidy up their sales habits.
I'm glad they agreed to sit down with you guys. And I'm glad you guys have said the agenda is fix the problems. I admit I was skeptical when this was first announced, I figured you might end up talking to a camera in their parking lot. I won't say Newegg doesn't deserve all the flack they get, they absolutely do.   But based on this video, I was completely wrong. And I'm glad to see it.
Steve: Here to learn to use fan and power supply testing equipment! Me: I guess Gamers Nexus t-shirts and hoodies come in a Nomex variant now.
We should all be rooting for Newegg to fix this and make it right for current and future customers. Having more reliable places to shop only helps the consumer giving us choice
Thanks!
Class action led by YT channel, now that's content
Everyone is a boss until Tech Jesus and apostles are you your doorstep.
I'm very skeptical; regardless of what they say... Sure, they are sorry now they've been exposed.
He got his steam deck on the plane fck you man!!I'm jealous lol.
I cancelled my acct with Newegg since the first GN video on this (I was already frustrated with them and contemplating cancelling previously) and I'm not going back until they completely fix their RMA process and the price gouging with the GPUs.
I remember some years back that when I returned a Gpu  to Newegg they had a game bundled with it that I never wanted and deducted the price of the game from the return, I called in and had to fight to get full credit minus restocking of course  I always thought that was a very shitty business practice
YESSSSS!!!!!! RIP THEIR HEAD OFF!!!!! jk... have a nice trip and good luck!!!!!
You're doin GOOOOODS work maaaan!!! Thanks!
Awesome.  I've always bought from Newegg so I kind of find myself rooting for em.  Hope they can turn it  around for the better!
" We sincerely apologize to our customers who were negatively impacted." You mean as aposed to those who were positively impacted? Who in the absolute f*ck writes this sh*t? lmfao!
Steve & GamersNexus team, what you do for the community is so incredibly valuable and appreciated. Your commitment to problem solving and dedication to transparency. And honestly, meeting with NewEgg and trying to encourage the "duopoly" as you so aptly claimed it, is such an important level of maturity that the community needs to remember. As consumers we have very little choice and it is clear that companies like NewEgg have been taking advantage of it. But I sincerely hope this marks a paradigm shift to customer appreciation because we need whatever tiny amount of makret competition we can get here, as we are all bone tired of price gouging.
I hope during the conversation, you make clear the difference between "small amount of customers" is inaccurate.  They may be able to say "small percentage".. but saying small amount is really just trying to make it sound like "Oh this only happens once or twice a year".
Think you'll ask them what the hell's going on during UFD Tech's fiasco as well?
GN Steve, the hero of Americans.
Newegg has been sketchy for years. I gave up on them when they sold their customers out to the Tax Man.
You guys rock
Changing their policy to include a list of influencer names to crossreference before shafting the customer. lol
I have , no joke, 10 or so trailers for computer hardware here in the Netherlands. All of them with good service without shenanigans.
GN practically holds a "smoking gun" , if they knock on a few doors there's surly a federal case dead set against newegg. If there's any other said gun it'll be the same , if they fail to spin it as a "small isolated incident" they get a fat ass fine too. Now its just a matter of whether someone wants to start a case, because lets be frank , giving them a fine or throwing someone in jail does not help the end user and the industry as a whole.
Try and get a look at at the "new policys" document that they twittered about too and maybe get them to guide u through the process in the relevant depts.
I got an empty box when it was shipped to me and the reply was “it was checked and weighted”, never got the board and I haven’t bought back from them since.
“ These were unintentional process errors and isolated incidents. ” Hertz company got a friend. Isn't this exact answer Hertz gives in the news when they report car as stolen?
IF Newegg can respond positively to this and make significant change, I will keep them in the buying mix for parts.
When they receive the RMA from the customer, they should be able to look up the item by serial number in their system and see all of its history, including the fact that they sent it for RMA themselves and it wasn't fixed. I have worked at companies far smaller than Newegg that have this level of tracking, so I find it very hard to believe that they don't. So whether they don't or can't check an items history, its a clear sign that they have some serious issues at their company that you would've thought they had ironed out by this point in their existence.
I’m disappointed and not surprised Newegg trotted out a public relations guy who had nothing to do with this fiasco to answer tough and uncomfortable questions. I hope it is not going to be filled with corporate speak and prepared weasel responses. I really feel sorry for Eric Wein even if it is his job to put out this fire.
When I first started buying from NG it was great, but now it feels like I'm shopping on Ebay.
A corporation being horrible in order to increase profits? How surprising lol. Meeting with a PR guy is completely worthless and won’t lead to any change.
"we have changed internal procedures", "we have put in place new policies" ... i recognize a PR spin when I see one. I would like to bet that they haven't changed anything substantial at all because it would be too expensive, they just say that to calm down their investors. I cannot imagine that they had procedures and policies that allowed this to happen, so clearly they have been actively ignoring them. If that was indeed the case they should say so: "Our old policies allowed sending broken stuff to customers, good thing our customers don't get to read them lol". People have to fired. What they're doing in their statement is called damage control. That's not how to take responsibility. What they need to do now is being transparent. What procedures and policies were changed? How do they supervise them? What difference will this make in practice?  tbh my hopes are very low if they send a PR manager to the interview instead of someone who has an actual clue of what's going on. inb4 they'll tell you the same bs as in their tweet and hope everyone's happy with that answer.
Are there sorry that it happened or that there got called out by a big creator ?
Impressive sound quality on that lapel mic. Your ability and willingness to hold companies accountable is admirable, and also fun to watch. Thanks for all the hard work you do!
No matter how this ends I would like to thanks from those of us that don't have the voice you have to fight back against this type of stuff.
When you see Steve out in natural daylight, well, you know ITs gonna get real.
be funny if u can visit the rma section at newegg and meet the guy who delt with ur claim and the open box dept and meet the guy who sent u THAT motherboard. :D
All these companies are the same. I returned an Xbox and a Laptop to Best Buy, they didn't even opened the boxes and gave me the money to later put them as Open Box items so I assumed the new owners had to go back to return them as they didn't work.
I live 20 minutes away from Newegg's HQ lol
THE SAGA OF 2022 CONTINUES
Here's a chance for microcenter to bolster a bigger online presence.  Too bad Fry;s shit that bed.
"Isolated" 😂
Is anyone else subscribed to their promo newsletters? I've been getting spammed with promo emails nonstop ever since this whole thing began. What seems like four, five emails a day where before it used to be just the Daily Shell Shocker and maybe a sales promo/ad twice or so a week.
After many of years buying from them.. I quit them once they were bought out. They are no longer a reliable company. Time others did the same and let them move the whole company to China.
Nice nothing Burger. Come back when there's some meat in this f****** sandwich.
How far back will they reach out to these "small isolated" consumers they screwed? I've been seeing comments from people who were ripped off by them from years ago. Are they going to reopen those cases?
I really want to see videos on what makes computer parts reliable, or as reliable as it can be. Shootout between the best GPU manufacturers, Mobos, SSDs, the good shit.
The cojones on everyone involved is huge here.   The easiest thing for GN would have been to shut up take the money and be done.   The easiest thing for Newegg is to just not at all acknowledge it and continue to let the cash flow in. The head of PR has a lot to answer for and Steve has 0 incentive to pull punches.   Cheers to everyone involved, you're mad lads.
Ok I can see it as a process error where they can accidentally end up sending anything that was slated to be disposed of  to a customer through the open box listing.  The more concerning problem is when you send it back and it has that bleepin rma sticker on it and they still try to blame you the customer.  That can not be taken any other way except malicious.  They either saw the rma sticker, blamed you.  Or they didn't even open it and still blamed you. That "statement so far" does not address this part of the problem!
This is top notch and its awesome to see this being covered
Birds aren't real. Hahahaha.
Your truly professional approach in which you fully allow Newegg to choose its course is refreshing. I appreciate it greatly. Newegg's statement committing to customer satisfaction lacked a number of details. You revealed surprising wisdom when you chose to delay commenting on that statement until after Newegg meets with you and has a chance to prove that commitment. However, it seems to me that if "every" customer had always been important to them and customer satisfaction had always been their "utmost" priority, they wouldn't have previously ignored customer complaints, and they would have made these corrections to their policies on their own before this became a crisis. I hope this is a long-lasting lesson well learned by Newegg. I also hope some of the other retailers are paying attention to Newegg's plight.
Considering I've just spent over $1500.00 at Newegg, I hope your successful. I'd still rather buy from them than Amazon. I've never had an issue with Newegg but never tried to return anything.
I remember in 2015 when I ordered 5 RX 480s (before limits were in place) and they were stolen off my porch before I got home. Newegg reshipped all five at no charge. I hope they return to this level of Glory.
Thumbs down from Newegg employees.
I swear, it´s an old saying but every time I get a penny for a company apologizing with "UwU we will be better pls dont leave" (IN THE SAME FKING COPY PASTE!!!) since 2010 I would have legit a thousand bucks.  also wtf are these spam comments on Youtube? Some Asian spam for escort services or smthing like that and then some bot account with "Yes, true" and then posting a video to some christian plams? xD Never seen that b4
Steve, your workload and output are insane! You should consider to acquire a cloning machine soon, or at least another talking head for your videos. Preferably one with such glorious hair as yours!
Love you steve
Neweggs response:  "Ruh-roh, and I Would Have Gotten Away With It Too, If It Weren't For You Meddling Kids"
Legit Subscribed because of the actions taken. We'll done sir.
Speaking of keeping companies honest, any word on Best Buy and only selling GPU's to total tech members? Or was that an internet rumor? Cause I have done zero research...
newegg: "uhhhh, im gay. i sugg cogg"  damn, who would've thought they would say some fucked up shit like that!?!?!?
looking forward to what they have to say. already deleted their app from my phone and unsubscribed to all their email lists. I only spend a few hundred a year a Newegg but had no reason to not spend more.
Hey Steve did they punch you in the face before going back to hotel? :D Looks like a toothache ;) Hope you are fine :)
Can't wait to see how this works out.  Thanks for staying the discussion.  I'd like for them to remain relevant.
GN is awesome always appreciate you guys sticking up for the consumer. I am glad going forward Newegg are (hopefully) actually going to change their policy on open box returns better to maybe eat a few bucks on an RMAs you would think then lose a customer or many customers for life especially after admitting  they accidently sold known broken merch as Open Box working and most likely denied all the RMA claims that came from that myself included I believe although I have yet to hear from Newegg..... but will see either way glad the word is out and and positive change may come from it.
is that the steam deck on that pillow at 6:08?
i have to find a 1050 ti low profile to test our heat sink on and new egg is the only place I cant find it but DONT want to order from them
Good luck on the interview! Thanks for doing this.
Thank you for covering this GN.
amazing job on the green screen. it almost looks as if you were really there.
Steve reporting in from the great outdoors? Now I've really seen it all ...
Awesome progress! Do E.A /dice for battlefield 2042 next!!
You have to be mad to beleive any company is "nice". Being a limited liability business...no one will ever be responsbile for anything, the lowest workers are paid peanuts and treated like scum, the upper managment are jsut trying to make as much money as possible no matter the legaility ot ethics. American captialism at is peak.
Given that they've chosen to send out a PR person instead of anyone who actually matters, I fully expect a bunch of pointless corporate speak and blowing smoke up peoples asses. It's a publicly traded company so unless all this bad PR actually formulates into actually hurting them financially in some way, I don't expect any long term changes. Since it's amazon, newegg or nothing for a good chunk of the US, I'm not entirely sure this fiasco will matter enough to change it up for them.
Steve, you're outstanding, and out standing, in your field.
I got burned by them years ago. Never shop there again.
Class. Action. Lawsuit.
It surprises me that you only get Amazon or Newegg as options in a country such as the USA. In France we have at least 5 major online resellers.
I think it's really important to highlight the fact that no one is trying to take down Newegg. We want to help them get better so they can keep competing with Amazon. I don't think _anyone_ wants a world where Amazon is the only place to buy computer parts. That's why it's important that we don't try to "cancel" Newegg; rather we want to push them to improve and be better for consumers to keep competition on the table.
I love that you are handling this like the mature professional that you are!  It is the best if Newegg actually modifies its processes/procedures to become what it once was...the best place to get components bar none.  Good luck and looking forward to the conversation!  I think I speak for many in that this conversation is basically the only way back into my wallet.  Otherwise it will likely be decades before I would even look again.
Newegg is partnering with China to develop a new unmanned spy machine. The code name is "if you flew to us I would fly to you".
This unfortunately is the future of business in general, screwing over the customer any chance they get. It has been going on for about the last decade and will continue no matter what happens. Newegg is only one of many.
It is great that your taking the positive path with this for us the average consumer.
But it’s not just opened boxed items Steve! I bought a brand new z690 Aorus master mb and opened it up and pins were bent. So I rma it back and they denied me and said it was customer error and also they found thermal paste which was a complete lie. So got mb back from Newegg and shipped it to gigabyte which cost me $80 for shipping. Gigabyte didn’t give me a new board but fixed bent pins and tested everything and guess it’s good to go. So again it’s not just open box items !!
Maybe Tiger Direct can have a resurgence in the online computer parts competition. It used to be the place to get computer parts until Newegg came along.
I'm based in the UK and never bought from Newegg but considered it from time to time. So I am not a customer of Newegg and so my opinion is based off what I've read and heard of them so far over the last 3-4 years and after their latest fiasco, I unsubscribed from all their newsletters. Hopefully there is a change, I am not entirely positive that there will be or if it'll be enough, due to that Twitter post they put out that came across as downplaying the amount of issues that their customers have had with them by stating the word "small" twice when describing the issues and how their focus is on customer satisfaction came across as a blatant lie. This would still be continuing if you guys hadn't encountered what so many others have experienced. In many cases they've left people without their purchase and without their money and these don't seem to be overly isolated incidents. I'm sure they also have plenty of happy customers but the true test of a company is when something goes wrong and how they work with the customer to resolve it.
Hope they don t bring guns or a faulty gpu
I'd love for Newegg to get their act together, but a pessimistic part of me is a little doubtful.  I'd also personally pay to see Steve tear Newegg a new asshole or two, but that's the petty part of me.
11:06 XD nice hidden AD
I am so glad this channel and the people behind it keep proving their professionalism and honest work ethic. I hope you will consider emphasizing that your viewers will be made aware of broken promises since you have and will keep receiving documented evidence from us. Keep up the phenomenal work!
This.... weird....  AKA Shite show. One of the "few" former customers of Newegg
Hopefully this is a healthy and productive conversation for us consumers.  Would be great if Newegg returned to being what it once was.
Glad I don't have to deal with Amazon or Newegg here in Australia
I know this has been really bad for a lot of people. But I did want to point out some positive interactions I have had lately with them. I had purchased a bunch of items, some that had instore rebates attached to them. I was on a super tight budget and had planned on using some of that rebate on purchases of other items at new egg. I totally forgot to use this, though. I contacted their customer service and asked if I could retroactively apply a rebate to a purchase. They told me they don't normally do things like this, but they would go ahead and apply the rebate. It was simple and easy. Anyway, I know other people are rightfully voicing their huge problematic experiences, and that should happen, just wanted to throw some of the positive experiences into the mix as well.
That email reads like 1970's corporate speak.  Lame.
Thanks Steve. You are doing a wonderfull service to the little guys. Don't ever sell out! :)
I seen on REddit that they were going to accept Open Box CPU, and Mobos, but what about the other open box items? I hope Steve address this issue, because it's either Amazon, or Bestbuy for me for computer components.
NewEgg has gone downhill since they got bought out by a Chinese company.
Love the effort you guys put on this kind of work, thank you for standing for the regular people and hopefully this helps really alleviating this problem. I feel however that there's nothing to kill the cautiously optimistic vibes like a tweet with a bunch of standard PR bullcrap like "[insert issue reason here] is at the core of our business" and "only a very small part of our [insert affected product/people here]". Topped with the standard "we appreciate all feedback and read all suggestions"... without the standard disclaimer "only if it affects our bottom line". Sadly this world is full of these canned PR statements everywhere now, constantly seeing companies spit the same blabber only shows how little they care for real about giving a good service, everything is just to keep sales and appearances up.  Here is hoping that the real human contact in the interview leads to positive changes going forward.
Deliver us from scams, Tech Jesus.
O, my fat bearded girl! )))
Thankful for what GN does.
I find it hilarious that the land mine that Newegg decide to step in was one with a nuclear payload lol.
I had an open box LGA board that arrived to me with bent pins and newegg tried to deny the RMA even though my notes stated that the board arrived that way.  There was some rigamaroo to go through to say the least.  This was back in 2016 LOL... Some things never change.
I was really hoping on a glove slap across the face and a proper duel.  Or even better.. ;)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlZcmrAJG3g
Did they actually open up and talk to yall in person
Keep up the good fight Steve, and thank you!
There's still also Tiger Direct. #TIGERDIRECT
It's amazing when a big country like USA can have a duopoly while smaller countries have plenty of options.
I know for a fact that motherboard is going in the dissapointment build for this year along with this Newegg story. Like Msi killshot, where msi tried to control the narrative over reviews.
Everything made by pr after such "oops" in my eyes is just a stunt, You contacted customer service, and tbh there should be customer service person on the meeting, not best for stunt person. Public relation supposidly had nothing to do with this, customer service had, unless this couldn't be just errors. Will see how it gets i assume.
6:50 into the video. The fact that they wouldn't abide by your list and instead sent a Public relations guy, doss not speak well about how seriously newegg is taking this.
Will snowflake be present at this meeting?
I think it is special for steeve
If it looks like things are going south in the interview, please ask them to add a dating feature to their mobile app for me. If they love shilling out broken things, they are going to love me.
Keep up the good work! Something completely different, in the hotel shot your eye lids where very yellow, not sure if its because of the lighting or not but if it isn't might wanna check up with your doctor to be sure.
its 100% local newegg management, 'cuz newegg Canada isn't nearly this bad. up here they're often the cheapest place to get watercooling parts.
Obviously must continue to cover this aggressively after the meetings to make sure they change.  Otherwise, they're just going to shout about having fixed the problem while in reality continuing to increase profits at the expense of customer service in an already consumer unfriendly economy.
What I like is the approach here. Very professional because ultimately, as Steve said, none of us want to see this company die because it just makes Amazon even stronger.
THERE ARE BETTER ALTERNATIVES!! Support your local electronics retailers! They would probably love to order your parts list for you, and you have the added benefit of supporting small businesses!
Hmm, if you are in Cali, I feel like you should have 18 masks on, at least.
Steve the best part of you doing this is that it's on all my news feeds
I hope Steve's hair would still look as glorious as in this vid after the Newegg meeting.
I'm expecting a lot of Newegg lip service.  Only time will tell if they are in a better place this time next year.
Tech jesus you are my hero
Even the geese are honking
Those birds must be scouting for newegg confirmed
Steve: Travels from NC to CA to improve the situation for the consumers Linus: Bitches about morality of adblockers from the comfort of his mansion on Twitter
Have not watched the video as i type this. But from your last video, I can say this even has made me not buy a $2k laptop from Newegg. This just was not a great idea to get stuck with a used or bad PC because they have a bad RMA employee. Tighten Up Newegg. Time to work to regain the trust of the public.
Okay, the geese thing was funny.
Predicted response is:  due to the pandemic, sales volumes have hit record highs and accordingly returns have hit record highs.   Also ramping up employment to handle this load has been challenging due to the pandemic.   So we agree mistakes were made and we are attempting to address this.      Likely all of this is at least partially true.   I guess it will be up to you as to what is the suitable reaction.    You can focus on their pre-pandemic reputation which they may dismiss as anecdotal.   Or focus on what they are doing when a similar mistake is made with a customer who doesn't have 1.5M subscribers.
Hey Steve, if you guys need an LA tour guide while you're here, I'm available. There's basically nothing to do in City of Industry, where Newegg is, but if you guys need a drink or a great banh mi sandwich in the LA area, I know where to go.
gl,hf
"A VERY small number"     -Newegg
#fne
It's good that you're doing this.  I am sure that Newegg is in panic mode about the issue and especially the recent coverage but they do deserve a chance to try and fix things.
what a way to milk a situation....
"QUIET ON SET!" 4:36  hilarious
It does kinda suck that Amazon is one of the few tech distributors I trust. Microcenter is a thing too, but its nearly a 2 hour drive. I imagine its a hard thing to get into in the states.
I have a feeling that Newegg is going to fuck this up somehow.
I pretty much think that Newegg is done for, there is no saving their reputation unless they got bought by a company with a trusted name in selling computer parts....    Also nice background on your set, really realistic I would say, what is this? 8k???
Everything is hunky dory till you screw Steve over on a motherboard. Then you will feel the wrath of Tech Jesus and his disciples.
Ray tracing really making that grass look greener
Only time will tell if Newegg just uses GN meeting for damage control, or they're serious and honest in changing their scummy ways.
Nex gonna give it ya, he gonna give it ya.
This was just an elaborate ruse to see how the Steamdeck fared as a travelling companion , wasn’t it.
If you got a problem with Canadian geese then you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate.
Good job! This is needed. As you said, we need someone else besides Amazon to exist.
Great job guys!
The fucking scouting mission lmao
Well done, mate. Hair's looking majestic in the wind there
I love it when groups or people like you guys keep these corporations honest. You have a new long time follower here!
Matthew 21:12 - Tech Jesus entered the NewEgg courts and drove out all who were buying and selling there. He overturned the tables of the RMAs and the benches of those selling bent pin CPUs.
People are gonna start getting bits of Steve in their bundles as they try to make this go away.
Burn them, put them on the spot.
@Steve, any plan to do the same for MSI?
Feels weird with so few alternatives for computer hardware. Here in Sweden I can name at least 10 or so stores I would go to find some hardware I needed. A mix of physical and webstores, and a mix of stores from around the neighboring countries.
Steve, Very much looking forward to your meeting. Best of Luck negotiating with them. ❤️
I'll say this, much like you Steve I only used to go to Newegg when I was younger and building my PCs.   In my view, Newegg started their downward trend when they opened up their site to 3rd party vendors and sales.  Price gouging, shady tactics, bad service started to be seen when that happened. And I think Newegg lost their way on that path.  Hopefully they take something away from this experience, and get back to their roots.
Doesn't everybody have Micro Center?  Ahh I see some reports below that not all products can be ordered online and shipped.
Good to hear that Newegg is open to a duologue... But they had to kick the hornet's nest first huh?
Newegg needs to fix this or myself and my company will never use them again. There are other outlets for me to PO to... We as a company are meeting today to discuss business accounts with B&H and to scout for new or small business's. I'm sorry Newegg but you dudes need to read your reddit....
"So you have...'options' for either approach."   I can hear Steve subliminally telling me "no you don't, good airflow = quiet"
Those look like Canada Goose, they must work for Newegg Canada.
I like your attitude about this whole situation. It'd be easy to just write Newegg off and possibly even tank the company, but no one wants Amazon as the only place to buy stuff. That said, I will not be using Newegg until I know for a fact that they have changed for the better.
they have this issue right now on their site and app. evga 3050 available and says "free shipping", but it's only available with a psu combo. add the psu combo in and bam, no more free shipping.   i am thankful that I was able to score a 3080 at launch from them, but everything after that has been shady.
Looking forward to the meeting however I am predicting it will be just blablabla we sorry etc etc and they will be back on the same way as before as long the can make a buck!. I don’t believe for 1 second that all these is an isolated incident as what’s the chances of Gamer Nexus getting a doggy product and returning unopened, otherwise any other normal customer will be literally screwed.
Thanks for this content and good luck. I will be ordering something off the GN store to help support work like this. Retailers have been taking advantage of customers FAR too much lately.
Man loves cashing in on his drama.
no better endeavour can be undertaken
Just a reminder to everyone that the point of this is to improve Newegg and keep computer part sales competition alive. I’m lucky enough to have a micro center right near my house, but even so I’d hate to have Amazon be the only real online option. Despite how absolutely awful the situation was I’m genuinely hopeful they improve. They have every opportunity to do so.
Also, the hoodie you were wearing looks super comfy, I wish they were still available on the store!!
They left their own RMA sticker on the board, they accused you of breaking.  Screw New Egg.
You should schedule the meeting to be on a small boat on a lake in the middle of nowhere. Give the Newegg representative some "Godfather" vibes.
Newegg hasn't been the same since it went full China few years ago...  Saying not everyone has microcenter isn't true... Microcenter has an online store too.
11:08 now we see, just like with the nvidia boxes, that Steve is shilling for fedex. That's how this is all funded. Fedex is trying to squeeze Newegg for using ups.  Fedex is also based in Memphis, which has a pyramid, pyrmids are made up of triangles. Triangles have 3 sides. This is half life 3 confirmation.
Due to recent actions of Newegg, Nvidia has decided to no longer deal directly with Newegg as a distributor.  They can however still deal with AIB's that decide to sell to them directly.
Newegg has been doing this since the mid 2000s, its done on purpose, its how they have profited and to them its just the way they do business.
I only learned of Micro Center recently (last year or two) and wish I knew about them when I built my first PC (coming up on 4 years ago).  Really wish there were more locations, we've at least got one in St Louis about 20-30 minutes from where I live. Too bad they don't sell their CPUs online, they're only available in store.  Never had a Fry's near me, and I never got to see one when traveling to see family in the LA area.
Those geese were trained by Newegg to spy on Steve 🤣🤣😊
Love it! Appreciate your support to improving the overall tech buying experience!
Presumably, the conversation Newegg wants to have with GN is about the RMA issue, since it happening to Steve is what what really brought this scandal into focus. Hopefully, Steve and the GN team is also to bring Newegg to task for bundling the Gigabyte PSUs, since that's a completely separate, but equally important conversation that needs to happen.
i love how they apologized for reselling it but then completely ignored the whole giant sticker proving you didnt do the damage but refusing the refund anyway thing
The geese are newegg's scouting infantry, peace was never an option
Don't forget eBay. For all it's problems, it's still a viable source for new stuff. Returning items isn't too bad an experience either, as eBay is more biased towards the buyer in a dispute. You'll also be supporting smaller stores who use eBay for their sales.
That set looks so good! You should do more videos on this set, it’s quite peaceful
You should invite Paul to join you on this!
Newegg succs eggs
I’m ready to hear the smoke that the PR director will try and blow up everyone’s ass. Canned responses for everything. “We are always looking for ways to continually improve….”
Their statement is crap.  Why would they give you a canned response?  They keep pretending this is isolated, but all the evidence points to it being part of newegg's business model.  They are dumping failed RMAs and damaged return items onto unsuspecting customers and then rejecting their returns to make the customer eat the cost.  This practice by newegg is criminal in nature.
Sadly people will believe the lies that Newegg tells them. :(
Please ask them to show you actual numbers comparing the rate of RMA rejections between open box vs non-open box. Then please show them to us. I want to know what a "small" number "isolated" incidents means.
A HUGE "Thank You" to Steve and the entire GN crew for hoisting the banner of "Customer Service". From NZXT and their "No Problem Here! Ooops! Here Comes The Feds" portable fire box fiasco, Gigabytes "You're Hallucination 110v Powered Fireworks Giveaway", and now Newegg's "If We Ignore Everyone, There Is No Issues" selling of known defective parts, the collective "You" are starting to be one heck of an advocate for the "little guys". Maybe now, when you post something about an issue, the companies involved will get the idea that you won't let it go. You should change your corporate logo to a ticked off bulldog for those "special segments". Again, as one of the little guys, we Thank all of you for being able to do what we cannot.
Hope you also Visited Jay. That would be awesome, A Jay and Steve video.
Every time a tech YouTuber starts talking about business practices, like what Steve is doing now or when Linus was talking about making his business less dependent on him being alive or involved, I get more wrinkles on my brain and a broader view of the world. It really helps me see how what we all choose to do impacts our experiences with businesses. I was riding the "Never NewEgg" train but was conflicted about defaulting to Amazon. If NewEgg could implement better practices and provide a better customer experience after this, that'd be neat. It wouldn't absolve them, but it'd be neat.
I hope this shuts them down, or really kicks newegg in the balls (and by balls i mean wallets), The screwed me out a couple hundred bucks several years ago when I RMA'd memory, USPS showed the memory delivered, newegg said it wasnt, i provided USPS delivery info, newegg said it wasnt delivered and I was out of my money.  I have not spent 1 cent with them since and have warned everyone I know about the dangers of dealing with them.  Kudos Gamers Nexus for holding them to the fire they started.
Birds are neweggs parent company. They make new eggs.  Also, Steffani Farmer has a great title at newegg. "Corporate Escalations". Yep, I think that escalation part was a success.
I do hope you include discussion about the GPU scalper pricing and bundle scams Newegg has been part of. They lost my business back when they started those practices. I even unsubscribed from all Newegg email communication because they were just dead to me after they started screwing over customers with greedy business practices.
Live stream it so we can Q&A
Steve Burke is the Julian Assange of tech journos. Let's hope the corporate overlord Hillary Clinton's of the world don't put a hit out on him too xD  This is why news and journalism in general needs to be publicly funded.
I'll keep buying from Amazon. Newegg is putting on a front until this blows over.
GameStop will be your next stop :)
This whole debacle is the nail in the coffin. I hated their stupid bundles with exploding psus and bs parts I DONT want to buy, and now this. I am boycotting Newegg they are dead to me
QUIET ON SET!
I will bring you despair.   Newegg:  Hold my PSU.
Thank you for doing this Steve.
I have been reading the tweets in Steve's voice in my head, and now I'm actually hearing Steve reading out the tweets
Poor Eric Wein. Just started @Newegg a month ago. "Director Of Public RelationsDirector Of Public Relations NeweggNewegg  Jan 2022 - Present · 2 mos"
I feel like a lot of viewers are going to be content with newegg sending out anyone, but I'm disappointed with who's being sent out to be honest. Director of Public Relations doesn't exactly sound like a title with a true voice in the company. it sounds more to me like a title of someone that will discuss any major issues in relation to the public (its customers) but won't be able to make those concerns heard by those actually in charge of said company. its great that someone's coming, don't get me wrong, but I wouldn't have been personally content with anyone other than like a CEO or head of the company.
Do not cuck!
Canada geese coming to mess everything up.  Hate those things so much.
It is good that they seem to be trying to resolve this, but we all know for a fact they would not do this if it wasn't for the reach that this channel has.
With a Micro Center within driving distance, I was thinking about not shopping at Newegg anymore, which is sad since I've built a dozen PCs using parts mostly Newegg parts. However, while preparing to uninstall their app, I stayed my hand. Being able to compare prices between Micro Center and Newegg is a good thing, plus, I am confident Newegg will emerge from all this as a much better company with the help of Gamers Nexus.
A nice scenery change, I hope yall enjoy your time in Cali too
I trust GN's integrity and intelligence because you've earned it. But because this is so important to one of the most important aspects of my entire life, computer hardware, I want to say please don't let your desire to have a competitor for Amazon sway anything. Manipulation begins with exploiting desire. And the person they sent to come out will be an expert in manipulation for sure. You know this. I trust you guys. Why did I say all this then? Because we all need to feel some control over our lives. Get 'em Steve. Now back to you.
Amazon sucks for computer hardware, and New Egg is a ripoff. At least with Best Buy you can get stuff.
I'm sorry but when you kept say execute, I kept hearing Egg-secute. P.s. Great journalism!
Gamers nexus has done more for the consumer by holding these companies accountable to the highest level than any other YouTuber or persons in a position to do so. Everyone else rides the coat tail once Steve brings light to the issue
This team is doing the lords work. Speaking up for your normal customer.
That lighting at the beginning scene and your flow? Perfect.  Newegg Twitter response? Pandering, inaccurate, and honestly insulting with the entire situation that has been present over years.  Newegg agreeing to the interview instead of hiding? Good! For the moment I'll reserve my cynicism and respect their move.  We will see what the next chapter holds. However unless some large tangible changes or reparations are made, they may have burned those bridges for a lot of people. I personally think they are going to do the same thing every big company does when it gets caught with its hand in the cookie jar. Make it look good but never really fix it or repair the relationships damage in the process. Thereby continuing to invite new customers and making money until the next big line in the sand.
I was hopeful until they decided to send a PR guy.  The PR not only won't fix anything, he CAN'T fix anything.  It's not his job, his job is to spin whatever the fuck they do as less morally bankrupt than it really is.  Expect PR speak and non-answers.
Steve is awesome. That is all.
I suggest a nice rubber boot manufacturer to sponsor your Newegg piece, since you'll probably be knee deep in bullshit.
Here I am waiting for an ASRock b660 motherboard to be stocked by Amazon. It's on sale at Newegg. Should I buy it? The answer is FUCK no. I'd rather gamble the money at a casino than buy a motherboard from Newegg.
Please please film the Entrance to the meeting whilst playing Boss music....just to set the seen, come on editing guy you know what we want.
I like the canon that Newegg hires Birds.
Awesome
Well Amazon is the only Choice for me ✌🏼
This is not going to go well.  eeewEgg will try to spin Steve, but Steve don't spin. 🤘😎
You should charge a hefty consultant fee for all the tips you have already given aswell as teaching them the basics of costumer support.
Eager to see if I get a comeback after 7 months waiting for them to "review my case"...
u just leaked her email lol
<3
what the hell machine is running that VR?  pretty intense ray tracing action in that simulation too, doing a review on them soon?
time to revive TigerDirect
I love the motivation behind Gamer's Nexus.  To improve the community and help retailers better serve everyone. At least give the opportunity to improve
Well Amazon and Newegg are not the only two online retailers in the world, there are several other good retailers.
man, someone holding a company accountable and calling them out. this is why this is one of my favorite channels. Save us #TechJesus
Director of PR is a spin doctor, get someone else !!!!
A note on the Dualopoly. Here in Australia, a lot of newegg stuff is already sold on Amazon as a third party seller..  I cant wait to find out if I'll ever be able to stomach ordering from them again.
This reeks of them more like just using you guys to find out how they won't get caught. I'd be VERY careful in what you tell them cause I'm not entirely sure you should be telling them how to fix their garbage systems unless they PAY you guys for the consulting fee. Its like if they are cheap enough to milk their fans for a 500% return on BROKEN parts. They should have the money then to pay for consulting. I'd say give them your plane flight ticket cost at the very least. For the time your wasting FIXING their garbage QA and RMA systems.
talking to the director or public relations is not a good sign. This department is precisely the one in charge of dealing with this type of "criticism". We all know what they will say. They do not have precise knowledge of the operation of the company but they are artists at sending misleading information and data to the audience. Anyway, it's much better than nothing.
GN Steve: We working on Fan tester,  Sound testing chamber... HW industry: We have to stop him, distract him... RELEASE the Kraken!!! Newegg: My body is ready!
i still ask my self  . when do we see Gamers Nexus certified on fans and other things out there
This is journalism. Kudos to you guys for putting your platform to good use.
good good
smradoch
This is why I love nerds, savage AS FUCK
this has been a nothing burger. complete incompetence and malice imo. misdirection at every turn. why would they apologize for years of abuse after you say you are coming to interview them? this is a PR stunt trying to save face. dont let them get away with this.
Newegg: "And we would have gotten away with it too.. if it wasn't for you pesky Youtubers! with Twitter"
Nice to see you film outdoors, the graphics quality is amazing, but you only get one life.
Steve, you have a big pair, in the best possible way.  You're standing up for all of us PC tech consumers, and to consumers in general.  Thank you, to you and your team.
Its easy to say anything for PR...
Journalism is not DEAD!!!  Thank you Steve!!  I appreciate your efforts to maintain an open dialog with such a large company.  If we the customers do not hold them accountable, who will?  Thank you for being a voice in the madness!
Define isolated
PR is literally an analogue for "Propaganda Department." I wouldn't be hopeful that they are operating in good faith. It is the last person a company which wishes to operate transparently would send. Steve and anyone interested in corporate and political doublespeak, and if you haven't read them already, you would find "Manufacturing Consent" co-authored by by Noam Chomsky, and the seminal book "Propaganda" by Edward Bernays both very enlightening.
Did you shout "Quiet on set" exactly merely out of habit or just cause it's funny? lmao
Typical corporate response. I’d like to hear them profess their errors first hand, in person, not a canned release statement
News outlets all the way here in the UAE are making articles about newegg scamming people and referring to Gamers Nexus...  Lets just say... newegg is not having a good day :)
You're going to be talking with a "Director of Public Relations" who's been with the company only one month. Just a heads up there. Not sure they're going to be looking at this from the process level, rather having their most articulate person. Just an FYI :)
That RMA sticker was absolutely damning.  Nobody even laid eyes on that motherboard before putting it back up as new open box or else they would have seen that it was clearly labeled as used and broken, & when GN returned it nobody laid eyes on it before rejecting the return or they would have seen that the damage explicitely predated the sale of the motherboard to GN.  Without that sticker, there's plausible deniability, but with it there's no excuse at all.
Steve, please. Those birds were from New Egg, not NewEgg!
Dir of Pub relations is not worthy. They are spin doctors. Wein is just that.  Jamie Spannos COO Donald Gwizdak VP Global Operations... Terry Cox new VP of Customer Service... All On Linkedin... They will play it at arm's length with PR and hope you go away.
This is a prime example of how one choice can have such a ripple effect...what if steve had never ordered the motherboard to start with and never got scammed.
I really appreciate what GN is doing with regards to all this, thank you guys for doing this, I can't wait to see what comes next, both in regards to Newegg and your testing equipment.
NewEgg Audit  we the people
Wow doxxed that poor lady clean, damn Steve.....
PC Builders: behold our champion! 🗡
Lets storm their offices!!! Have a little protest...
Aah, old fashion duel, get that single action revolver ready and oiled Steve
"Small number of customers who may have been affected by these errors" thanks new egg #Balut
Those geese must be where the new eggs actually come from.
Thanks for following up. Purchase power is tough as it is on a budget. Hopefully this will keep Newegg honest and for always being professional in these events.
Watching this on my Newegg open-box Lenovo laptop. It runs fine, except when I open anything, and the memory load spikes 300%. Also, the top half pops out of place, and there's just a hole where the build-in webcam should be. I'm not making this up.
Gotta keep 911 on speed dial Steve. You never knew whether you'll be greeted by an employee of Newegg or a mob of Chinese triad.
so thats where the geese hang out , thanks for saying hi buds.
This is definitely Steve’s walking in the Taipei rain at Computex moment.
How is Tiger Direct doing these days?
Jesus, are you still crying about this?
Not going to lie, If it weren't for this video. I'd of never bought from newegg again. Now they're my absolute last resort.
Don't let them hush up up with a free power supply.....I hear some of those things splode
New What?
Bro you're like, very alpha for a computer nerd. Not like that soy boy Linus. Love your shit
I’m honestly surprised they didn’t run and hide. 😶
Happy Birthday to me.
Really hope you ask them why they have been maliciously scamming people and stealing their money for years.
Steve is gonna get a generic pr response. And any hard  questions will most likely be responded with " I will forward that to the appropriate departments."  I've worked corporate vp level in the past. Unless the shareholders complain things in public corporations don't change.
5:09 .... "Very small number of returns may" .... "this small number of customers who may" ................................. i'm no violent ... but i want to throw a gigabyte power supply, so bad, to their teeth.
well so far newegg has a glimmer of hope, the corporate shield shows in the emphasis of the "small" number of customers with this issue though...
I'm glad you are meeting them in person. Don't hold any punches. I hope you can maybe address the stupidity that is the Newegg Shuffle. That's what made me loose trust and faith in them.
Good luck to you sir. I do not believe I have purchased anything from Newegg since at least 2019. And the last year or two previous to 2019 I didn't buy anything I "cared about". Meaning I guess that I would only purchase relatively inexpensive things like ethernet cables.   It just seemed that every time I read something on a product I was interested in and there was either some kind of catch or it would be a third party seller that had terrible reviews or terrible return or sales policies or something like that so I gave up on them.
I am curious to know if Steve will finally meet "Steffani FARMER", it really feels like a fake name account, you get them quite a lot on website like Banggood lol
If anyone from newegg is reading the comments, let me say this: You have a LOT of ground to make up here. I've heard the horror stories over the years about how newegg treats customers. Now I've seen proof, and unless the company makes a massive turn-around... I will not buy anything from newegg ever again. Treat people fairly; scams like these are completely unacceptable and no amount of PR spin will wash over this. You have YEARS worth of mistreatment to make up for, so you better reach out to people you've cheated going back all those years. Dig up the old tickets, encourage people to contact you, and set things right.
been in IT since 1994, started off you would go to shows and meets, then you would go to wholesalers, then you finally got something online with egghead and pricewatch and what not.  When newegg centralized the whole thing, it was a huge boon to all of us.  15 years i was doing business with them, hundreds of thousands of dollars, and suddenly they went straight to hell seemingly overnight.  Something is seriously amiss over there, has been for quite some time now... and I hope you can get some answers.
Well done GN, great job. I sure hope Newegg comes to the party....
Thanks! I built my first ever pc from the ground up from Newegg about 1996 or 1997. Ordered $$$$’s over that time, last couple experiences was not up to par for sure. Actually bought from BB locally due to my daughters new pc parts for her Christmas didn’t come despite ordering them with plenty of time to spare. I could have drove to CA and picked them up an drove almost all the way home again if not all the way.(TN-CA)
man, even duopolies can be utter sh!t - just look at the Republican / Democrat sh!tshow. Both 2 parts of the same coin.  We want OPTIONS! just 2 flavors of anything is never good enough.
Honestly hope for a good outcome for all this
Steve, you guys are acting like B&H doesn't exist. Unlike Amazon and Newegg, they really do seem to care about their customers...So there are other options than just the 'big two,' MicroCenter, or Best Buy.
I hope you can head up to Minneapolis next and stop by Best Buy's headquarters who is now placing GPU's behind a paywall/subscription.  The last time I used New Egg was a two years ago and I had a positive experience.
Steve makes progress
Sorry Best Buy! Apparently your tech selling days are over.  LOL!
Why is gn a better senator then 99% of senators
Please look at 3rd party scams and neweggs complicity....
If Microcenter was smart they’d open a few more stores if Newegg doesn’t change
Remember me to never piss off Steve... He's seems to be the kind of guy who would track me down and burn my house down! XD
OK, here’s Reality… Newegg and their business model relies on large distribution centers on the east and the west coast. These distribution centers not only require truckers in transportation, but they also require supply from the Chinese government.   The Chinese government typically offers more of their supply to companies that distribute the most. So Amazon is always going to get first picks. During a chip scarcity, Amazon will destroy every competitor out there when it comes to items sold.  This is one of the reasons why new egg doesn’t like returns. Because sending it back to the manufacture and receiving a new one could take months if not years. This is slowly strangling newegg to death and they are right on the border I’m going into bankruptcy  New eggs business model requires there to be economic growth and economic supply. They have neither right now and what you were doing by requesting an interview with their management is the same thing as negotiating with a dead man. This is the beginning of the end for Newegg. RIP
Did anyone else find Newegg's statement utter garbage?  "A couple people had a bad time but we care about you personally."
Let's go Steve!
I've always wanted to see someone talk to Wiley Coyote instead of letting him off the hook like that bird always does. 🍿
I remember Principled Technologies. That would have been funny if it weren't so sad.
keep up the good work GN. I recently bought a modmat, repair kit, and mousepad from yall and couldn't be happier with it - glad to support your work!
we love you GN. You are the level of integrity, thoroughness, and professionalism I aspire to in all things. Keep up the impressive work.
and there's this issue from UFD tech, man, newegg's been in the new lately in not a good way
Just make sure there is no plastic drop cloth under your chair when you have the meeting ;)
You can kinda tell they’re in damage control mode at this point.
Those pesky Canadians honking 😜
You can kinda tell they’re in damage control mode at this point.
Nice green screen. Very realistic.
Wow, Newegg broke out the Crebain from Orthanc tower to spy on your journey.
TigerDirect still exists, although I haven't gotten anything from there in years simply because I haven't a need to.
Tech Jesus fighting for social justice. Meanwhile in Europa the third world war is on the edge to start. Maybe u can visit them too? You are Jesus after all.
LET ME SAVE YOU 12 MINUTES. ALOT OF FUD GUYS... NEWEGG: "OUR HEARTS & PRAYERS..."   I WAS SCAMMED BY NEWEGG IN A DIFFERENT WAY. WHAT ABOUT MY "SMALL" MINORITY OF BUYERS? LUCKILY I CAN AFFORD AN ATTORNEY AND WE THREATENED LEGAL ACTION I.E. MAIL FRAUD. IM SURE MOST OF YOU DON'T HAVE TO THROW MONEY AT A LAWYER & PROBABLY JUST LOST YOUR MONEY. SPEAK UP! HIT THE LIKE IF YOU WERE A PART OF THAT "SMALL MINORITY OF CUSTOMERS".
You have beautiful hair Steve!
I really want to be able to trust Newegg enough to buy from them again. It's been five years now.
I saw Paul's video. That's the newegg I remember. Sadly that newegg seems dead. I have a hard time believing anything they say considering they've been forcing bundles on people to buy video cards. I still have a B550 motherboard I don't know what to do with. I have an X570. I didn't want it, but I wanted my video card.
Wish I could go meet you. But i have to work....after I sleep for 7 hrs
Gamers Nexus fit is looking good. I might need some gym gear from y'all
Newegg's going into damage control mode.
NewEgg scammed me on an RMA. They shipped me the wrong part and I had to pay $14 to send it back
this is the consumer's fault. 10 years ago we had several good online retailers. there was outletpc, mwave, ncixus, and several other that i can't think of at the moment. but people kept ONLY buying from newegg and nowhere else. every neckbeard was yelling at anyone who would listen to only buy from newegg until all the competition died off. we had this coming.
They can either improve their business model, or be exterminated by amazon.
lets be honest, amazon has the best returns policy i have ever witnessed. refund and keep product in many cases
Torch the earth
I didn't realise how few retailers you guys in the US have for this stuff - here in the UK we have a bunch of really very decent options on top of Amazon.
jesus you the guy !!!!
too long introduction....hahaha...but good  vid
Not in the US, but there are companies here in the UK that act just as disgustingly... That's why we have stronger consumer laws to fall back on than it appears the US does.  However... on the Amazon side of things... they're unfortunately the best priced for most items and if you've got Prime... free shipping. That alone means ordering bits here and there is easier and cheaper for the consumer. The other major online stores for PC parts are a lot more expensive, and charge high shipping prices.  If only we had a Microcenter here in the UK, I'd be there in a shot.
Wonderful to see 0 dislikes
You guys are legit insane, in the best way possible.
Burn them all
I've been so excited to see where this goes, let's see what happens...
"we have put in place new policies to ensure a hassle-free return experience on "open box" merchandise returns on motherboards and CPUs"  so if its a graphics card, case, laptop, network switch or anything else that isn't a motherboard or CPU it won't be a hassle-free return experience..... o.O
Business is like the highlander there can only b one.
The cobra chickens do not approve of Newegg either.
Who's shufflin' now newegg?
Their “mixup” narrative really breaks down once you look at the many people who reached out to customer service and were told they were wrong, without Newegg ever thinking to look into it until they screwed over GN. The bundling exploding PSUs with graphics cards is also something I’d love to see them try to defend.
For me it's Best Buy and Amazon. I've never had a good experience with Newegg.
burn the offices to the ground. god wills it
Hair was mad at the seagulls
1.1k likes, 0 dislikes. Impressive
Thanks!
Glad we got micro center lol
I can appreciate that they have at least been communicating openly...not always the case with larger companies. Curious to see what they say
It's been amazing watching your channel grow, your commitment to call out companies BS and generally help improve the quality of products is fantastic.
I'm glad you recognize that Newegg has value to counter amazon
I hope you were conceal carrying giving it is the City of Industry
This episode is NOT sponsored by Newegg..
I sincerely hope that I’m your meeting they don’t try the usual crap of “we are profoundly and proactively going to sort this out” without actually doing anything in the hopes that this blows over…
Wow
The China Hustle (2018)  A documentary from the producers of Enron: The Smartest Guys In The Room, a Wall Street heist story about Chinese companies, the US stock market and a still-unfolding financial crime so big, it has the power to affect all of our wallets.
this is why scummy company practices exists. you bow down the moment they beg your forgiveness instead of seeing them bankrupt. jesus christ
Hope they listen well and that the situation goes well
You're in Folsom, CA? Check out some of the cool mountain biking trails
Newegg: *steals $500 from Gamers Nexus* Steve: "So you have chosen death"
beware the canadian cobra chickens, they attack
You are like the ex-girlfriend who won’t let the argument end. And she has the same hair!
#ScamEgg
This in is why I subscribe to the Patreon.
What's sad about this that instead of a CEO or president or whoever really is in charge you will talk with some PR guy that will try to say all the things that people expect while not having any power to change anything. All of this is just damage control and not a solution to a problem. Anyway, I agree that having Newegg as an alternative to Amazon is good overall and they should be given a chance so here's hoping that it will actually change something for the better. Thank you for doing this GN.
Time to get RottenEgg cancelled. ps I already have a 802 case.
Life threw you some good content.
Shouldn’t the COO be held to account as well? I mean whomever is doing the logistics (both forward and reverse) needs to be held accountable not the PR person.
They're a bad egg Steve
And this is why we all subscribe to Gamers Nexus. They do shit right.
ashamed to say i found gamers nexus from this scandal but i have subbed and have been enjoying the other great content on the channel, favourite so far is gamer chair vs office chair
Newegg are fools now... They scammed so much people won't buy from Newegg anytime soon.
4:36 .... Newegg's associates .... xD
Quiet on set  😂😂😂😂
I think this problem was a big hit to Newegg because the last couple of days I've been getting a lot of offers and coupons from Newegg.
The Geese where on their way to Ottawa to support the truckers. Honk Honk.
Small number? They have been doing this for years. I have only ordered from them if I absolutely had no other choice ever since they sent me out multiple MB-CPU combos with the MB's not even being a compatible chipset for the CPU's and then refusing the return. This is a pattern of behavior and I sincerely doubt they will take any steps to improve for the "customer". Rather, change it so they can't get caught.
they deserve all the flak they get. i bought from them once and spent 2k in one go for the monitor and arm, then they tried to burn me and lock me into buying more from them after selling me a defunc arm
Thanks Steve. Hard to find anyone you can trust these days and Gamers Nexus has been a light in the darkness for me personally for some time now.
Love the new greener sets. The rendering of them looks really lifelike.
4:37 Goose moment
Everytime I hear the name: microcenter, it's like hearing of a strange fantasy land that I'll never get to see...
You should have let us all know so you, and all of its customers they have burned in the last few years all could have shown up at their doorstop.  All 1 million of its customers.   I am one of those million.
I have had  the popcorn at the ready for this video.
QUIET ON SET
A nice idea to be honest, but are they also going to address the people who have been scammed, that's the first thing that would be normal and reimburse
Fast click 🍿.
GET THEM, STEVE!
I agree, they need to revamp their business model. Come on Newegg, I use to buy from you exclusively and wish to do so again.
Are you at least charging Newegg as a consultant? I'm thinking at least $140p/h?
Shortest video GN has ever done!
Very interesting!!
Bought an overpriced NEW PC from them , it came with an rma ticket from someone else who apperantly returned it because the pc wasn't working, the PC wouldn't even start.
Nice green screen 😎 Or Steve is testing his different properties in the metaverse
Before watching the video: What, did they call the cops on you?
4:36 Should have packed your new sound damping curtains in your carry on.
I hope Newegg won‘t get funny ideas feom the bequiet sponsor spot :D
I'll probably never buy from Newegg ever again ,but just like what Steve said we don't want Amazon to have a monopoly for PC parts. So I might buy from them ,but it will be the last resort.
awesome !   new egg got stagnated and became rotten egg
Love this content, hope they learn from this.
Man your green screen is AMAZING 🤣
I wish Steve visited me to have a conversation, guess all I gotta do to talk to Steve is scam customers for multiple years, ok see you in a while Steve!!!
Give us that dirt.
>When you decide that if Newegg doesn't have a brick and mortar location you just create one
commenting to add a comment <3
The eggs gone rotten.
Man it's not the only onr. b&h is amazing.
2016 in regards to chinese investment in the United States was right. Newegg Inc., one of the most popular online tech-related retailers, is now reportedly owned by chinese company Hangzhao Liaison Interactive Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Liaison Interactive).  After September's reports of a significant investment from the Chinese company on Newegg, which would allow the California-based company to "accelerate the pursuit of the company's strategic initiatives" and into high-growth markets such as eSports, VR (Virtual Reality) and AR (Augmented Reality), it now appears that the investment was much more than a simple capital infusion: it was a bid towards controlling an effective majority in the American company's shares.
Would have been perfect if you had a mic like the ones they use for the news
This is as big of an arc as Watergate.
Need to get my popcorn for this savage shit
Happened to me once on a MSI MOBO
The Saga Continues…..
Oh boy...
hyped, I hope this won't get taken down :3  one more question: wasn't the news egg "unboxing" technically an unboxing? 🥚
Im early
I was apart of this journey. How magical.
glad that they confirmed a meeting. lots of us wish we could be there to hear what they have to say!
ohhhhhhhhhhhh
Man, this Newegg arc has been something.
Love the backdrop. Always cool to get some video that aren’t in the studio.
Fkn newegg
Watch our interview with Newegg (face-to-face): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1R4wbuXFII Newegg will either start repairing this or will fumble it horribly. Which do you think will be the case? Comment below! Grab a GN 3D Coaster Pack! https://store.gamersnexus.net/products/3d-coaster-pack-4-component-coasters Watch Part 2 of the Newegg RMA series here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL-eB_Bv5Ik Watch Part 1 of the series here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fnXsmXzphI
wow i was just looking for this video because I saw the earlier posts
Fuck Newegg
HELL YEAH!
second
What a bunch of bull from Newegg.
I’ve never clicked a noti so damn fast
Haven't clicked a video quicker
Second
It's happening!
👁👄👁
Pog
First
First
