SNES Mario Circuit 3 Has been remade more times than the years the Confederacy lasted
They lasted less than clash royal
The civil war was about slavery. Not because the union said so, but because the confederacy said so. A lot.
You still here Chris? You watch checkmate Lincolnites yet?
This might get controversial, but I believe Slavery…………WAS WRONG!
Authoritarianism on any political side is a self destructive ideal that can only backfire in the end.
2.2’s development is longer than the Confederacy’s existence
The Neo-Confederates disliked this video.
Most of my Lego collection has lasted longer than the confederacy
And I find it funny how you people say "you're defending the confederacy" when somebody else gives any piece of info. All you can do is talk about slavery as if you like that idea. And you can't stop talking about me.
I find it funny how people defend the confederacy claiming that "they were rebelling against a tyranical government!" Like dude, the confederacy leaders were also tyrants. lmao
If you’ve made it past the 3rd grade then congrats, you’ve lasted longer in school than the confederacy existed
Do you think Chris ever realizes how often he changes the topic the second he sees something that doesn't support his narrative?
Great video but slightly inaccurate. They really didn’t have any other concerns for why they left. All those other reasons were directly connected to the issue of slavery.
I’ve had underwear that have lasted longer than the fuck-ass nation that is the Confederacy.
Reminder that you're wrong for reporting me. You legit don't like anything I say. You need to stop being an immature child and learn how to grow up. Besides, you idiots can't and won't even talk about this cause you don't know anything besides slavery. You're all stupid.
The amd Radeon pro w5500 screaming for death trying to retire lasted longer than the confederacy! Let that sink in I'm pushing 4k on a GPU and it's lasting longer than Sherman's March! Same amount of heat too!
Reminder, you’re completely in the right when reporting Chris135x. He’s a troll who violates the YouTube guidelines and harasses people and spreads misinformation. He offers nothing constructive or critical in this comment section. I wish Doobus would ban him from this video.
Im from the south and im ashamed by my ancestors.
Ew politics
Learning about the civil war now in history class
General Sherman did nothing wrong.
Both YouTube and SpongeBob outlasted the confederacy
The annoying orange has been around longer than the third reich as well.
So, since nobody else has brought it up again, and I find it hilarious that Chris has sunk to be this lame, I’m just going to put this here.   Chris doesn’t know what a duck is. He straight up asked what a duck is when given the “if it quacks like a duck” saying.   Anybody else want to add to the list of things Chris doesn’t know, if only just so there is an easily accessible record of how Chris has made a fool of himself.
Noah is a fucking clanker. There's so much fucking evidence for it.
0:39 The craziest thing that’s not even true Abe was against slavery but to be honest it was unlikely he would actually change anything so that the southern states would not secede you can probably guess what happened next so the moral is that slavery was so bad the universe literally made it so the correct things happened for it to go away
Chris is a fucking clanker, there’s some much fucking evidence for it
There are more comments on this video than hours the Confederacy lasted. Specifically 70420 - 43800 = 26620 more comments if we give a generous round of to 5 years for the confederacy.  FUCKING DELTARUNE IS TAKING LONGER TO RELEASE THAN THE CONFEDERACY SURVIVING-
John Lennon died at age 40 but his short life was still 10 times longer than the confederacy.
I agree.  The confederacy was malignant.
It's almost been 2 years and Chris is still going. This should be a case study of obsession. I think he even forgot he was trolling, though that excuse never stuck with anyone.  Alright, I'll be back in like a month or two.
And remember, a literal Pirate nation lasted longer than the weak ass confederacy
1:02 the Texas Republic lasted longer for Christ sake
Chad Ulysses s Grant vs virgin Robert e Lee
Conservatives who "support" freedom of speech when someone says something they that hurt *their* feelings:
Okay but.......... State's rights to govern themselves. Why can't you clowns talk about this? And the lack of a minimum wage law until the 1930s?
ROBLOX lasted longer then both the confederacy (1861-1865) And the first KKK (1865-1872)
Read the Declaration of Independence: it declares 13 FREE AND INDEPENDENT STATES. Meanwhile the US government claimed that it formed a SINGLE free and independent STATE, saying that despite this, "the object plainly was not to declare their independence of one another or of the Union, but directly the contrary, as their mutual pledge and their mutual action before, at the time, and afterwards abundantly show." But they didn't HAVE any sovereign dependence on "one another the Union"! So the US government FABRICATED its entire claim of national union over ANY state. THERE WAS NO CIVIL WAR. Just a BIG LIE.
"Get Douglass'd" needs to be a shirt.
They weren't bad, they were traitors.  This is far beyond "bad".
How many years did the confederacy last?    Like 6 7
Anyone remember two years ago when this video was still new and it was teeming with Neo confederates and Neo Nazis? This whole thing now with that troll Chris is annoying and insane. But two years ago this comment section was even crazier and I think Chris was active then too. Things are calm now compared to then
Is Chris still at it, just saying stuff without sources?
As a southerner, I must say that you are one of the few people who understand the situation.
Google Stadia lasted longer than the confederacy
The Absolute Batman Annual that came out a few days ago has Absolute Batman fighting the kkk. Is freaking awesome.
the reason why Annoying Orange surpassed the Confederacy was because it was a video bro
The confederacy had such a big impact on our history that it even impacts on how people vote for presidents nowadays (Northern states being more republican and southern states being more democratic)
brazil before 1888 be like:
It's funny that you clowns are still talking about me. I haven't posted my own comment in around a week.
it took seven years since hollow knight released for Silksong to release. The wait for Silksong lasted longer than the confederacy 😂
I've went through some of the comment threads here and I have to say that you know the cause you're defending is evil when you have to abandon or deny existence of morality.
hello, person from the south here the confederacy and the confederates are a curse and a stain and i hate them. i really want my home to be known as more than ''racist shitsville'' and they're making that really fffucking hard. god i worry that i have to clarify that i'm not ''the stereotype'' every time i mention where im from or i actively have to tell people to not tease me about it because if i don't tell people to not do that then they will do it. like...always, i get why but it gets really annoying and i feel like it's the fault of those confederate losers also hi chris. go away, i don't like you
Jesus, you guys still at it?
Fun fact: my brother lasted longer than confederacy
Penn Central, the biggest Railroad Bankruptcy case in the United states, despite being fucked over by basically every possible way along the road, lasted Longer then the Confederacy.
This political tribalism is really f*cking irritating...
No matter how much you attempt to misrepresent the issue, confederacy was about more than just slavery. Yes slavery was the central part of the dispute, but surrounding it were other non slavery related property disputes. The plantations themselves were also being seized, there was no compensation offered to the plantations for the slaves the govt wanted to forcefully liberate. Even financial assets were set to be seized. Don't forget an unexpectedly high number of black Americans at the time were also subject to this government sponsored theft/seizure/liberation, having only recently by that point acquired their own plantations only to see a bunch of mostly white gov't stooges straight up steal their entire plantation and offer nothing in return. Your narrow view of the topic is why you get so much hate, not your anti-slavery stance. Seriously pick up a book 🤡
The wait for GTA 6 lasted longer than the Confederacy.
What do neo confederates and MAGAts have in common? They both hate admitting they lost 😂😂😂😂
gg
There's a Minecraft empire that outlasted the confederacy. No really, just check out Stoneworks.
my fellow republicans act like we're gettin' targeted when we're really not, they're just brainwashed.
chris, buddy, you are not a libertarian if you're 1) supporting the slavery in the south, and 2) a fucking right-winger
"If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that." - definitely not Abraham Lincoln  Not to say he supported slavery but the “states rights to what” rhetorical point is so silly
chris you do know Lincoln is considered a progressive right?
Imagine being a generic unfunny newgrounds animator-wannabe youtuber that sounds like you're stuck in the 2010's and having the right of making a opinion about the confederacy lmao
Your grandma's spice rack has herbs that lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Charlie Kirk's murderer was bad
Chris claims the KKK doesn't exist anymore, like how he claimed that racism doesn't exist, or neo-nazi's don't exist. Kinda funny how Chris agreed with a person who supported the first leader of the Klan, and a person who cites sources from a Klan sympathizer, or when he said "slavery is based." Oh and by the way Chris before you ask "what is racism" here's the definition from the dictionary. "prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism by an individual, community, or institution against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized."
Most political violence comes from the left leaning people. This is a fact. Based in reality.
my fortnite account outlived that scam that was the cum-federacy
Most politcal violence comes from the right.
Oh my god y’all are still at it
Why are we calling it Outliving when Annoying Orange Didn't Exist until Years after the thing? Why not call it… Lasting Longer?
I used to support that shit until I found this video a few years ago I revisited for the memories they should play this in school
This guy “Halehappenings” is almost as bad as Chris. I say “almost” because he doesn’t appear as frequently.
This isn’t July 4th they are far too late to protest George William Frederick.
The Confederate States of America were a bunch of Southern rebels as we all know. I kinda love History I learned about it in highschool recently.
Who's watching in 2025?
The Eggman empire outlived the confederacy.
Lincoln was not against slavery!!! He said that if he could end the war without freeing any slaves he would
He's not wrong states rights do what
Well, it was fun watching the Chris Saga grow with all of you, but I'm gonna stop now, I've realized that no matter how much I argue with someone here, no one will ever change their minds, or at least not from anything I ever did or said. All it ever did was waste my time, I wish I realized this earlier but you know what they say, better late than never, I plan on using my time more wisely moving foward. So farewell, I hope you all have a wonderful day and many more after that.
When I was a kid I thought the civil war was about slavery, but then some guy in high school told me I was stupid for having that view and it was "actually more complicated" than that. It's good to know that actually I was right the whole time.  (that kid unironically dressed as a confederate soldier for halloween btw)
Slavery = bad  Anyone who supports/defends it = bad  It's really not that complicated.
0:12 0:19
Annoying orange is now 16 years old. He's legally old enough to drive in the US. Imagine the Annoying Orange literally doing laps around the Confederacy.
chris135x is truly one of the humans of all time
Just a reminder that Team Fortress 2 outlived the confederacy 4 and a half times.
Literally all of us in this comment section have outlived the confederacy.
Remember Benedict Arnold? Nobody today or back then made any statues of him and for good reason. He betrayed his country and people. Yet for some reason people made multiple statues of multiple traitors to the US after the civil war. Mind you these particular traitors committed a potentially worse treason than Benedict Arnold did. Yet people still put in time and effort to make statues of those treasonous criminals. Freaking ridiculous
Fun fact: This video has existed for half the length of the Confederacy
13% of population, 50% of crimes :)
Lil John: STATES RIGHTS TO WHAT
ya'll we should try to get chris to actually learn the meaning of the red herring and ad hominem so that he doesn't say RED HERRING FALLACY every time we attack his character but don't detract from our point.
It’s very simple why this mindset exists: the rich manipulated the poor into thinking the war was about states rights. It doesn’t excuse it.
This place has been absolutely flooded with bots. Who are they trying to fight and why do they think a fuckin doobus goobus video will be the place to change minds?
How's that fatigue working out for you?
Union boys 🤘
Who owned slaves? Conservatives. Who freed the slaves? Progressives. Who has a meltdown when slave owner statues get removed? Conservatives.
Go Set a Watchman (2015)
I see your Douglas and raise you one Brown.
Illinois and Chicago filed suit to block the deployment of the National Guard in Chicago, a judge declined to issue a temporary restraining order Monday afternoon and it was revealed troops are already on their way.
There is this guy named Justin Mohn who beheaded his own father and dispkayed it in youtube because his father was not as conservative as him, basically.
So a guy named Vincent Battiloro runned over and killed two 17 years old just because one of them joked about Kirk's death and got him suspended in social media for pedophilia...
Genocide is bad.
Did you know the Confederates were Democrats and Democrats made Jim Crow laws look it up😮 just found this out
hi chat i randomly remembered this video existed r we still making fun of that guy
What so he doesn't hate the uk?
0:28 and when did he ever bring up slavery?
We waited for silksong longer than the Confederacy lasted
Glad to see Doobus Goobus break the silence on such divisive current events.
In less than 2 years this video will last longer than the confederacy
THAT. right there. is why i feel like this planet needs a monster enema.
My dad's jeep and convertible have lasted longer than the CSA.
“If I could end the war without freeing a single slave, I would…” Take a wild guess who said that.
Very good video. I feel like an alien whenever I make Comment on YouTube.
Ngl I'm starting to realize how awful it is to discuss a topic like this on Youtube. Like a third of the comments I replied to are gone and I have no context on what the original topic was.
I dont agree with this video and I suport the comfederacy, minus the slavery. I agree with their views minus slavery. I am a free thinking human and  I teject your preformative activison and you can reply all you want, but here is the thing you never will do. You wont hurt me. I know im justified because i see you as the cowards. So judge me. Say what you want to say. Get it off your chest. Because here is the harah truth, kids. Your words are like maggots. Your values are like decay. You puff yourselves up as defenders of justice, but all you are is swine in the mud. I look at you and i pitty you for you are the very rot you try to call out. You are nothing more than a septic tank. Hidden underground where you cant be seen and covered in extriment. Woe to you all for i see your rot and you do not. You call out others problems but never think that theres other sides to the story. And the yoy exault yourselves as champions of morality when you are more morally dead than any slave master. Woe to you for you are worse than a slave master, for you try to enslave others with your passive agressivness words. Well your words will not hit me. Your words will miss their mark. Because i truly say to you this. MY COMMENT NOTIFICATIONS ARE TURNED OFF. Yes thats right. You could have 100 replies to this comment and i will never see them. Your words of rot will never reach my eyes. So go ahead. Say what you will. If it makes you feel better, then i say to you that you are welcome because then i did you a favor. But know i walk away head held high and justified and i will continue to spread my message of my views across vidoes and to people and no matter what you say it will be like to me that you said nothing at all.   So clowns who cover themsleves with your own piss and shit, i implore you to wonder how will you strike back at me? Because as far as i see it, i have made myself invulnerable to you. So please come at me. Try. But know your mark will always miss.
It was about state's rights to govern themselves. Everyone knows this. Only an ignorant left leaning clown would talk so much about slavery.
This is so racist to white people
0:12 WHILE SONIC WAS SUPPOSED TO SAY CLANKER BUT HE SAID THE HARD R
Curious how the confederates were democrats and yet I have only seen republicans defending them. 🤔
Indiana constitution 1851 article 13 and the  East coasts scientific racism demonstrate the war of Northern Aggression was a crusade against biology, not the primative economic development of chattle slavery.  Its clear from the dogwhistling and the nonsensical fake smiles and waves that civic nationalism or even the most superstitious egalitarianism is not true at all as America is the first secular state in history.
General Sherman did nothing wrong
The comment wars here have a chance of lasting longer than the confederacy.
Slavery is wrong, if you have any empathy then you understand that
Murder, rape and slavery is bad. If you have a problem with thay then you should reconsider your own beliefs.
Slavery is bad btw my 23 year old brother is texting a 11 year old girl
Slavery is wrong because human rights. But also, nobody knows what makes anything a "human right". That's what you guys believe!
Teen Titans Go! Lasted longer than the Confederacy. (2013-2025)
You can't hit them with the annoying orange man, overkill. 😂😂
I don’t quite understand who anyone in this is or what’s going on. Never heard of this before, but did doob goob get threats and doxed for this lol
Proud Nazi: "I'm appalled that people would think the swastika, a symbol of my heritage, is anything like the Confederate Battle Flag."
Dave.exe development lasted longer than the confederacy
Betamax lasted longer. Nintendo/Sega console war lasted longer. The Wii U lasted longer.
Even the Loud House lasted longer than the Confederate States!🙄😒
There’s supported a dead nation and then there’s supporting the confederacy it’s too much of a joke for me to even consider it a nation you know you are a crappy nation when TIKTOK has lasted more years than the confederacy did and the only reason it survived more than 1 is because it was in war that entire time
This is relevant again thanks to trump.
This comment section is the equivalent to watching scientists fight angry honey badgers and winning
"States rights to do what??????" ... to secede. Something that they had been saber rattling for decades, and nearly went through with before Lincoln was even a politician.  In fact the Emancipation Proclamation didn't even ban slavery outright, it just said that the states that had just declared secession from the U.S. weren't allowed to own slaves while providing exemptions to northern territories. Less than half of the states that attempted to secede even mentioned slavery at all in their grievances, which were largely a miles long list of tax slights and the mexican-american war that left those states feeling as though they were being used and abused by their northern neighbors, who then decided to use slavery as a wedge issue for ye olde optics cuckery. In fact, slavery was such a non issue that when the north was losing the war, you know before Sherman decided to start doing war crimes like doing things that rhyme with graping and pillaging and enslaving unarmed women and children in non-combat zones to demoralize the south, Lincoln offered to repeal the Emancipation Proclamation and motion to codify slavery into the Constitution as a right if the south would just rejoin the Union. The south said no. By the way remember what I said earlier about the EP? Actually a funny little thing about that is that slaves couldn't be drafted, but freedmen could, so many of the slaves "rescued" from the south were immediately conscripted by force into the Union and sent to the front lines as cannon fodder. I'm sure they really appreciated that. P.S. don't look up Abraham Lincoln's opinions about black people or natives.
0:10 *grabs popcorn*
0:03 Oh I bet you wish they were
This video is more relevant now, not just because of people advocating for a "new civil war" which is absolutely dumb, but more so the government's "Restoring Truth and Sanity to American History" attempt.  Removing signs/photos related to slavery (ex. Scourged Back photo), restoring names honoring Confederate generals to military bases, I don't see these as "preserving history", they're trying to rewrite it to placate Trump's vision of "history".  I'm not an American, but seeing how much America as regressed so much to the point where it is now has made incredibly sad and at this point I'd just want to be apathetic to the whole situation. Not like I can do anything.
How to trigger a conservative:     Slavery is bad.
I’m pretty sure I was still in highschool / fresh out of it when I last checked in on this ongoing comment war. How the heck are you guys still going??
Yesterday in class my teacher said “State’s Rights” and like a sleeper agent I drew Goobus saying “To do what?” on my note paper lmao
This is gold
Fun fact that one pokemon livestream of Furret on an escalator lasted from July 2016 to November 2021 that means this livestream lasted over a year longer than the confederacy
Ia funny how confederate supporters claim to support freedom and yet they seem to hate freedom of speech and opinion.
Stardew Valley has received consistent updates longer that the confederacy lasted
The North abolished slavery in south first and then only in 1865 did they free all slaves. 😅 so who had slaves longer? The CSA with its 4 yesr history or the USA from 1776 to 1865?
It's a pretty narrow and biased perspective but a funny one
Does anyone know who did the confederate guy voice???
The people of Nepal overthrowed their corrupt government. Pretty based of them.
Crack a book doobus.
All liberals are insane R.I.P Charlie
Disarm liberals
Is funny how conservatives can not handle black humor.
Why is slavery wrong everyone says it’s wrong but can never tell you why.
The development of Beyond Good and Evil 2 lasted longer than the confederacy. And thats assuming if the game will come out at all.
lincuck lost btw
Yesterday there was yet another school shooting and yet people seem to not care.
Oh, Charlie Kirk died. That’s interesting.
Damn yankee, the confederacy was state’s rights to govern ourselves
The only thing gray about our civil war was the air over Georgia after Sherman acquainted the state to the wrath of Mordor
chris plz
"Ohh, deep down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators..."
this is my ear candy
I feel like it should also be mentioned that the president of the confederacy, Jefferson Davis graduated from West Point at the bottom of his class, and also was a loony drunk. It was really vindicating to learn that.
I have more collective hours in ck2 and ck3 then the total number of hours that the confederacy existed. I'm a southerner and a Swedish videogame is a bigger part of my "heritage" then the cuckfederacy
Who tf is Chris and would he be willing to do his entertaining little jester dance for me like he is everyone else. I don't understand but I desire to be entertained boy, SO COME HITHER 👏👏
Ok, wtf is the Chris saga? From what I can tell there's just some guy that's been trolling this comment section since the vid was posted, and he used to love slavery but in the last month or two he started acting like he always hated it for no explainable reason. Am I getting it right? Is there more to this?
The Chris Saga is fascinating thing to watch from the outside, you just can't look away like a car crash.
Jersey Shore lasted longer than the confederacy
Us southern people were bad for slavery yes. But now were chill and drive trucks. Also we were winning the war so that weak nation part is stupid.
Slavery is a crime against humanity
I find it funny that Chris keeps talking about how everybody hates him and how he wants to have a civil discussion, yet he keeps ignoring all the friendly comments and only interacting with the comments calling him out.
The "Annoying Orange" lasting longer than the confederacy has a double meaning now.
This video make rednecks cry and I find that hilarious.
Do you think Goobus sometimes checks this comment section just to see the Chris saga as well?
Chris135x just admitted in @Dinodude comment thread that he’s just screwing around. Finally confirming he’s just a sad troll with way too much time on his hands. None of his comments are worth ANYTHING! It’s all just an act.
Is the one weirdo still here?  Edit:scrolled down 2nd comment is him wow. Also he finally said slavery was bad.
I wonder if that same guy is still commenting on this
Okay but slavery is wrong.
North Good South Bad
Chris has been commenting on this video longer then the Confederacy lasted.
Bro, the Wii U, THE WII U, outlived the Confederacy. I have better chances to make the goddamn Nintendo Wii U my heritage than the Confederacy, that's crazy.
Slavery is evil. Ill never defend it. Yes Im a proud Southerner.
Question: Has Chris gotten a single like on all the hundreds of comments he’s made combined? Because every time I see it he’s never had a single like on any of his comments or replies. Not that I’m complaining, just extremely curious
Who here knows about Strom Thurmond?  And who here knows what political party he swapped to the same year the Civil Rights act passed. Somewhat curious aint it?
States rights to self govern as the founding fathers intended
States rights to do what? Lol! Love it! And heritage???? I didn't know being damn fools was considered heritage. So lame.
Please, stop swearing, for it is sin. But Jesus saves from everything, on the Cross, out of love. Please, remember this, He is the only torch of knowledge, joy and eternal life
yeah that is why we support the confederacy lol. I hate them and we should do it again yeeap yeaap south shall rise again
I come back here at least once every 6 months and it is always funny. 10/10
ok my costume teacher said its about clothing and cotton therefore economy. Which is the same as, cotton made how??????
Hi i'm here in the newest comments. Who the fuck is chris and why does everyone hate him
If you actually look at some of the letters, you see that if anyone fought for states rights, it was the North.  That’s why Lincoln’s government abolished the fugitive slave act.  They wanted the states right to not have to surrender fugitive slaves
Geometry Dash 2.11 was out longer than that sad excuse of a country. Think about it.
I said "states rights to do what" under a video about the civil war and a bunch of guys got fucking pissed. 😂
POV:Twitter Nation (Confederacy) vs The Federal Government (Union)
At this point chris135x has been arguing his bullshit for so long I either have to assume he’s completely committed to the bit or he has a severe neurological problem
Slavery is baZed Keeps animals in line
I used to think the Civil War was about State's rights and that Confederate statues shouldn't be torn down. The reason why is cause my sophomore high school teacher said so. I knew slavery was wrong and hated the Confederacy, I just didn't understand the implications of that claim because I was really ignorant at the time and didn't think enough about the full extent of things. I now don't just hate the Confederacy, I loathe it, think confederate statues should be blown up and that people with confederate ancestry need to let go of the past and admit that they stood for the wrong thing and that the ability to rebel against your government is awesome but only if you're rebelling against something worthy of being rebelled against
What I hate the most about the grey argument is that they use it to turn it into a black and white situation. Neo confederates aren't even consistent...
Hey Chris, how are things?
Serious question. What would you rather listen to? Chris135x ramblings? Or Skibidi toilet?
I'm back, broskies! Let me guess: Chris is still here arguing with ppl?
States rights to do what? 🤔...well the south doesnt want the north to keep on what theyre doing... 😳... What, what are they doing🤔... Say it. Sayit! 😮😮...
Every now and then I come back to this, then remember to open the newest comments and EVERY time this Chris weirdo is still under it. Get a job bro✌️
Chris' new strategy is calling people robots.
Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his uncle sam! Away away, we'll all go down to Dixie! Sorry, but union Dixie is a BOP!!
the cuckfederacy sucks, embrace rojava
Which president recently repealed an anti-segregation law against segregated facilitates. And what political party are they apart of. I'll let you fellas do your own research to find out.
So in Chris' most recent dumb post, he admits he can't understand how the parties switched, or how Civil Rights is connected to slavery.  He's the perfect example as to why education is just so important.  He talks about how the parties never switched but can't explain in detail why they didn't , nor the connection to Slavery and the history of black oppression.  What a total clown. He deserves no pity, only mockery. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
chris, you've been under videos of people shitting on the confederacy for years. please take a shower
Slaves owner are just a fusion the trad wife's toxic husband and a polyamorous couple.
Confederates would love modern day republicans.
love how goofy your animations and voices for the characters are
Yo @chris135x if you are reading this then I highly recommend listening to “To Pimp A Butterfly” by Kendrick Lamar. Peak album btw.
I made another video on people in this comment section. This one has a twist ending.
If the confederacy won they would have created an authoritarian ethno state.
It’s not all of them, but it is ALWAYS THEM….
Keep blacks in CHAINS.
Confederacy will rise again. Long live the South
this guy is a tard he copied pink creature then denied it and deletes the comment
This video always pops back in my mind whenever the topic of the Confederacy and slavery is brought up. Saw a recent thing about the Smithsonian and my first thought was “STATES RIGHTS TO DO WHAT!?”
Columbo existed longer then the Confederacy
I love this video so much. I teach history, it was way more than slavery because of the tension rising since the 1830s, butttt in short slavery is the cause!!!
Chris doing anything but talking to his family
Chris are you employed?
Slavery is bad                                                                                             Please clap
No. I said that about your cousin. And if anything, I'm jealous of minorites. I don't hate them.
chris135x Confided to me that he has dirty thoughts about his cousins and that's why he hates minorities so much
holy crap bro! a few of y'all actually glazing a short lived nation that approves slavery like crazy in these replies, like witaf. 😭🙏  Worst & funniest part is that trump is back in office so I'm surprised that his supporters didn't raid the comments of this video itself.
Y'ALL NO KIDDING IVE SEEN CHRIS IN ANOTHER COMMENT SECTION IN THE WILD!!!   HE WAS COMMENTING AND ARGUING WITH SOMEONE ON A VIDEO DEFENDING RFK JR'S BAD DECISIONS THAT INVOLVES MAKING PEOPLE POOR BY REDUCING FOOD STAMPS AND LITERALLY KILLING OFF THE DISABLED!!!
Lincoln wasn't even going to abolish slavery. Lincoln just wanted to prevent the spread of it.
"I'd rather be a pig than a neo-confederate." -Porco Rosso. Paraphrased.
I leave for 3 days and it got worse from there.
Chris further proves he doesn't understand american history by claiming the democrat party was a "reactionary party' to republicans despite being formed over 25 years earlier, and then deletes his comment to avoid the truth
Freedom is worthless if you use it to hurt others.
If you were to watch one episode of detective Conan a day, you'd be watching the series for longer than the confederacy ever lasted
Wanting "states rights" is not a free ticket to commit atrocities. That would be black and white extremism.
Hey so it's official, not only does chris135x defend slavery, he admits he is a racist in his most recent post. 😂😂😂
To be fair, it IS greyer than just "North good, South bad" in the sense that the North didn't want to abolish slavery by pure altruism.  Northern states were deep into the industrial development at this time and it occured to them that, when you own a factory that needs to be filled with a lot of low competence workers of the poorer side of the economic demographic, a lot of them happened to be black... because, you know, racism and shit. At least they were cheaper to pay than the whites, I guess ?  But it's easier for a factory to have a fluid flow of workers rather than a static one, therefore owning slaves was to costly for them compared to having free workers roaming the country to fulfill the needs when productivity had to get higher or lower, because you have to feed and house slaves when they're not working for you.  Problem was... if you want to implent a factory in the South to stay competitive, you must follow the southern laws that allows slavery... which means that the black people are owned by the farmers and you can't make them work for you unless you pay their masters or buy them for yourself... and that's a bad economical plan.  So what do the Northern states do ? They abolish slavery, sending all the former black slaves in the street because no one in the political sphere deemed worthy the idea to give those people a place to live or an education because that would be against the free market to have the goverment involved with education, housing or social help, I guess. But now you can hire them for cheaper than ever in your brand new factories built in post-civil war conquered southern lands.  So, I wouldn't say that you should be a Confederacy apologist because... well slavery is bad and we're morally better without it as human beings, but definetely a Northern questionist, because these problematics still run deep in USA's political field.
Urban legend says if you deny the party switch, a democrat will come out to call you racist. They hate being reminded who wanted to keep it.
Urban legend states that if you insult the Confederacy three times in a row Chris will show up and start spewing whataboutism.
Eh they were ok
Good god Chris is still out here thinking he’s hot shit?
Chris is literally that grey frog in the video 😂
Someone should make a version of this that has chris talking
chris135x has been in these comments for almost  a year now claiming the parties never switched. Yet he can never  explain how they didn't. Talk about  an embarrassment.
Down with the KKK Mafia
Oh boi, you knew who else defended slavery ?
If only we had the courage to stand up to such people in real life
Interesting fact: The Confederacy was Democrats that didn't like that a Republican defeated their candidates, yes they pushed two candidates against only one Republican and lost. 😅
Next year, I will have been working on my worldbuilding project for longer than the Confederacy existed.   And to all you Confederacy supporters, you're cringe and stupid and I can't take you seriously at all. Get Douglass'd lmao
It's hilarious that you clowns are still crying over me. You're obsessed.
This comment war has gone on for 2 years nonstop spread throughout multiple threads and replies, mostly with a coalition of people against Chris and the few people that pop up to defend him (usually with a combine zero likes across all comments) and get outnumbered instantly.
1:02 anoying orange mention
It seems Chris and other confederate simps know very little about politics (unsurprising). They don’t seem to understand that:   Democrats ≠ liberals   Republicans ≠ conservatives.  Two different words. Two different meanings. There are liberal republicans and conservative democrats. Liberals were republicans in the 1800s and democrats were the conservatives. It’s the opposite now in modern day with republicans being more conservative and democrats being more liberal.
Screw this. I'm going to make my own country, with blackjack and hookers.
The "relationship" i had during middle school lasted longer than the confederacy.
Liberals back then wanted slave labor and they still want slave labor....
Well the liberals like having a slave class that's why we got illegal immigrants working for meager pennies in hard labor under threat of being reported but when man says they wanna go back to the good ol days they bad ones can we just admit everyone so shitty wanting some form of slavery.
The States right to succeed if dissatisfied with the current country's rule (not that I supported them)
I didn't try to find the funny. The funny has found me... again.
State's rights to own slaves, and that was awesome!
The captions are amazing, as always
There are comic book series that outlasted the confederacy.
America is the only country to lose a war against themselves
Left leaning people get mad when you say "to govern themselves" because it implies it's not necessarily about slavery. Anything can replace slavery and it's still about the state's governing themselves. God forbid the left doesn't talk about slavery for five seconds!
Anybody here play any instruments?
Secession Documents: When states seceded from the Union, they often issued declarations explaining their reasons. The Mississippi Declaration of Secession, for example, explicitly states: "Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world." Similarly, the Texas Declaration of Secession argues that the federal government had failed to protect the institution of slavery.  Confederate Constitution: The Confederate Constitution was very similar to the U.S. Constitution, with one key difference: it explicitly protected the institution of slavery and prohibited the Confederate government from ever interfering with it.  The Cornerstone Speech: In his "Cornerstone Speech," Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens stated that the Confederacy was founded on the idea that "the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition."  The "States' Rights" Argument in Context: The "states' rights" argument was not a new one. Southern states had long used it to resist federal policies they believed threatened their way of life, especially those related to slavery. For example, they opposed federal tariffs and internal improvements (like roads and canals) because they feared that a strong federal government might eventually try to abolish slavery. However, the states' rights argument was selectively applied. When Northern states tried to exercise their "states' rights" by passing "personal liberty laws" that made it difficult for slave catchers to operate, Southern states demanded federal intervention and the passage of the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850. It was about slavery through and through.
They should make statues of Superman instead. At least his radio show lowered the kkk membership numbers.  Seriously, look it up.
1:06
And Lincoln wasn't even interested in abolishing slavery when elected, he was merely insufficiently vehement in his support of expanding slavery into new territories.  One irony of the civil war is that slavery likely would have been gradually phased out with consideration compensation to the former owners, but because the south insisted on starting a revolt once they didn't have enough national electoral power to drive the course of Slavery's future, they ended up losing all the slaves with no compensation, the destruction of much of the material wealth and infrastructure of the south, and the death of wounded of the majority of the white men in the south. Fuck em.
Anyways these arguments are getting dull. Any movie or series y'all recommend? I recommend Community.
1:13 “Get Douglass’d.” (Confederate pain) Me: (Laughing at Mach 3)
It seems to be a common thing among oppressors to use vague descriptions to explain their goals to not be instantly dismissed as bad people.  "Protect the kids" for example.
Hey, Chris, straight forward question, with two valid answers. Were the democrats during the civil war era progressive or conservative?
Grey's anatomy has lasted 3 times longer than the Confederacy
Antifa was bad
The iPhone 11 will get iOS 26. The software support of the iPhone 11 will outlast Confederacy this year. A 60 Hz LCD screen, garbage battery iPhone will outlast the whole Confederacy.
I visited a civil war exhibit in alabama, they shared a bit of what was essentially the confederacies declaration of independence. Only part way down the page where it started to blur and fade out they emphasised that one of the biggest issues was the right to own slaves. I appreciate when folks recognize that there was more to it than just that, but pretending it wasnt one of the most defining issues if not the most defining issue the conflict orbited around is just wrong.   From the adoption of the constitution this was a controversial issue one the founding fathers thought could be solved peacefully with a slow phasing out of slavery over time, that timetable got changed and eventually removed in favor of an unsteady split in the country, and eventually was one of the main motivators for secession. They rightly feared that slavery would be outlawed, and though moderates in the north were trying to still ride the line for the sake of peace and find a compromise it was always only a matter of time until it came to a head.   The south wanting states to have more power and wanting to avoid federal abolishment of slavery tried to secede first with General Lee remarking that he was a Virginian first before he was an American. They flirted with other countries and even purchased equipment from the likes of Britain but in the end Abraham Lincoln recognized that the war could not just be about keeping the country together but had to address one of the biggest if not the biggest issues at the heart of the conflict, slavery and whether states had the right to continue the practice of their own choice or if the federal government could enforce the intent of the constitution onto them and abolish it. This discouraged other countries and the norths industrial base helped them solidify their naval edge. The remainder is history.
Praising a hypocrite as Lincoln that didn't cared about slaves at all and just wanted to change some laws that didn't had anything to do with slavery is just what the land of hypocrisy do
Confederacy is not racist.
Dixy is a weak song. Have you ever heard the battle hymn of the republic? Fucking chills
Oi vey
The hiatus Godzilla took after Final Wars was more than double the Confederacy’s lifespan
What was the Corwin Amendment?
Well, I made another video about Chris. Probably gonna be back to making more within the month.
Chris earlier used the term “fake news”. More proof he’s another MAGA sheep.
Chris admitted that the confederates fought for "cheap labour" during the civil war whilst trying to attack modern-day democrats, destroying his "state's rights" narrative
spongebob has lasted longer than the confederacy.
I have taken shits that have lasted longer than the Confederacy (jk, but the turds have added more value to society than the Confederacy ever fucking did)
The comment section is unsurprisingly quite entertaining
Isn't interesting how in many pro confederacy marches some nazi flags pop up and apparently nobody has a problem with it? Curious
Where the slaves allowed to rebel against the confederacy? After all the confederates liked freedom so much so there wouldn't be an issue...  right?
my dogs outlived the confederacy.
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy:  SpongeBob Squarepants Club Penguin My Bloodborne Save File The Wii U's Lifecycle Fred MLP:FIM The Undertale Fandom The Golden Girls Halo 2's original Xbox Servers Sailor Moon and Bionicle
People don’t believe the facts of cessation because they feel attacked, not because they are stupid. They are incentivized by the attitudes that people generally have towards people that could not help that they were born in a trailer in rural South Carolina to a family that surrounded themselves with artifacts from that era. To many people in the south, many things associated with racism and antebellum slavery are genuinely not seen in that light. Peoples unwillingness to take that on good faith in large part is why people make a deliberate choice to argue a losing point. The reality is that people don’t care about what people intend and they don’t actually take it into consideration. If someone sees something and feels that it is an indication that a person has a certain character flaw, it’s not going to matter that the other person intends something completely different by it. So we can sit here and laugh at the stupidity of other people, but really our incessant need to be right about people is what’s contributing to them defending themselves to the point where they are deliberately allowing themselves to become stupid.
I’m southern but I absolutely hate the Confederacy. I hate seeing people have the confederate flag on their cars, boats, and houses like bro we already lost 😂
yesterday i beat sans for the first time. i got to sans on this file around february 2019 (before the release of deltarune chapter 1 on switch which was on february 28th 2019 as i remember wanting to beat him before deltarune chapter 1 came to switch), and it ended august 3rd 2025. this means that my fight against sans undertale lasted around 2 years and 3 months longer than the confederacy.
Don't forget everyone. Confederacy supporters are pedophiles supporters aswell.
I Lyv u thanks 4 this message 💎💐💯
Slavery is based? Well yeah. It's based on real things in human history. It's terrible but based.
It absolutely was about states rights :) The government doesnt have the right to strip you of your property.   The confederacy was fucked that the property they were protecting was slaves yes. But they were technically right  So right in fact, that the United states government chose to pardon basically every confederate   as opposed to allowing them to take their case to the supreme court after the reunification.  The reason? The supreme court would have likely sided with the confederates after the fact and ruled their secession legal.
I'd say the aftermath of the Civil War was where the North lost the moral high ground. The war itself was a justified conflict, with the Confederacy firing on the Union first. It was the poor treatment of the South that made it seem "grey".
the white mans burden and such
The fact that the Annoying Orange outlived it is funny.
Imagine getting genuinely mad because someone has the brain to not support a horrible act against other humans beings... Twitter had officially gone beyond insane.
Battle hym of the Republic intensifies
"@MesurDrogon-vh8jkSlavery is based" - chris135x, Apr 13, 2025  Just going to leave this here since he keeps denying it. Alright, gonna disappear for like another month.
Democrats are still trying to keep slaves too 😂. Used to be: Who will pick out cotton?, Now Dems are like: who will pick our crops while they forget most crop harvests are automated in this day and age lol
0:37 ..literally all thats needed to be seen
The Fallout New Vegas video is the official sequel of this masterpiece
It’s funny because a lot of people at the time thought it was a horrible heinous institution.
Count Dooku Confederacy just wanted  systems not to be controlled by a corrupt Senate who cared little for the people it represented. "The Republic cannot be fixed it's time to start over."
Just found out about this Chris fellow saying that the party switch never happened and defending slavery in this comments section. Nutcase lmfao
Stop gloating dude the confederacy is part of our country's heritage and thousands of Americans died fighting for their country it's frankly disrespectful for those of us whose ancestors fought for their country and didn't wash up here within the past hundred years
Lincoln didnt want to abolsih slavery, but limit the spread of it, in the hopes of it naturally dying out
Short answer: There is no answer, only a death wish. Wish granted, dumbarse!
My guy is a true patiort to the usa
Hey Chris. Sell your computer, interact with your family, see a therapist, and go on a walk once a week. It'll do you some good. I promise.
Confederacy through the eyes of American figures  Lincoln: evil  Jefferson Davis : righteous Sherman: ……. FLAMABLE
Human rights violations is not an economic model it's a failure of basic human potential and imagination.
Abe Lincoln was a tyrant who also spread lies when the Confederates were winning against the Union. He burned and destroyed any news papers mentioning the South’s victories. Being a “traitor” has no substance if you value freedom over loyalty to your ruler (which is literally the way America was born), rebels who went against the original leadership to form their own country.
“The South won’t rise again till it paid for every SIN”~Paramore
Another 4 months, another check-in. Does Chris just have this video permanently tabbed or do ya'll think he bookmarked it?
Alright, I have a theory. Perhaps Chris is just severely brain damaged? It's certainly a possibility.
All history lessons should be presented like this from now on 🔥
>North: Slavery is evil. >Also North: Slavery isn't abolished with only Northern states voting. >Also North: 3/5, best I can do. The north really cared about those poor slaves, enough to wage war on their own family members.  (people really believe it was some "moral crusade" to save the enslaved...)
"The Confederacy existed for 5 years. Phineas and Ferb was on for 7 years. That means Phineas and Ferb is a bigger part of our history and we should build statues of Perry the Platypus." - Some dude on Twitter
The Venn diagram between confederacy defenders and pedophiles defenders is almost a circle.
If not racist, then why racist shaped?
I didn’t even know the confederacy was supposed to be a legit nation.
The Union wanted The National Guard to become part of a Federalized Military while The Confederacy wanted a Nation Of Free Lance Soldiers to be Self Governed that was the main reason why the Civil War was fought over Taxation and what they considered Unjust Laws ) some People are incredibly stupid because Union and Confederate songs explain Slavery wasent the main cause of The Civil War . The Union is telling The Confederacy you must answer to The President Of The United States Of we need a Federalized Military. The Confederacy is singing about a Free Lance Milita and fighting for States Rights against what they considered Unjust Laws. Confederate Soldiers when they got interviewed after The Civil War said no Nation in The World allows Slavery it would have ended soon and technology was changing. They started getting Machines , Trains, Planes , Automobiles better boat's and ships that could produce the resources they needed at a faster rate most of The Confederacy couldn't afford to purchase a "Negro Slaves" more less cloth, water and feed them.
I think it's pretty clear when a song dunking on the CSA's national anthem specifically said  AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF _TRAITORS_  the US of A saw the CSA as traitors.
What’s funny is that Lincoln didn’t actually plan to fully end slavery in the beginning of the Civil War; it was only after the Union got close to winning and they realized they might as well just ban slavery by force once the war was over  So the southern states seceding actually lead to slavery being fully eliminated in the U.S. much earlier than if they had stayed in the Union and tried to use their political power to “legally” preserve slavery
How is the orange older than the confederacy!?
American "dark past" isnt even 1% of the evil that Marrocos did on a normal year on average. And Marrocos has 0 influence on the world
The union wanted to be able to take a citizen's stuff anytime they want in the Confederacy was fighting to prevent that it wasn't just slavery dumbass
This video cannot be more relevant now with what is going on right now.
Fun fact. The fucking Korean Empire oulived the confederacy
Okey, this guy is idiotic, this is like ignoring Nazis improved the healthcare system and improved transplant studies by torturing jews, history is grey and a really dark one, but ignoring the good things in the bad things make history worhtless.
The confederate South and Yahtzee Germany were both let off way too easy. Instead the KKK was allowed to thrive and Yahtzees were put back in power in West Germany.
Hail Victory
I can't wait for the day when this video outlives the Confederacy
Bro silly object show with phone man lasted longer
Well, I sure have been gone a while. What'd I miss?
I've seen people defend the confederacy. This is exactly right lmao
I'm sorry but I have to get this out of my chest.  As a mexican, I've always thought that one of the main reasons the US got Texas from Mexico was because of the confederates (i know it's anachronistic but that's the easiest way to put into words what I have in mind).  Mexico had abolished slavery before the US, which meant that many of the immigrants that came to Mexico weren't allowed to have slaves in their plantations. Since they wanted to have slaves really bad, they started their independence and then annexed themselves to the neighboring country that still hadn't outlawed slavery. I'm not really sure if it's true or not but it doesn't sound like that big of a stretch to me.
This is absolutely hilarious and I love it! Also completely true!
Ok then 360,000 union troops died to free the slaves and get ZERO CREDIT AT FUCKING ALL THEN. In fact the very people they freed talk about how much this country sucks all the time. Absolutely disgusting. If it was about slavery then you would think there would be some gratitude for the MASSIVE bloodshed absolutely unbelievable amount of sacrifice on the battlefields and horrific but nope. Weees a raycist country still. The union troops would be pissed at modern America.
Nice
Kurt Russel had the best take on the civil war.
Slaves were property so the war was about property. Did we forget about how the union raped and pillaged the csa.
Listen, when the U.S was founded, there was no rule against slavery, im not defending slavery at all, but Ill say this, the 10th amendment was the states rights to govern themselves and make their own laws. Because there was no laws against slavery, and slavery was cultural norms at the time, the southern states DID have the rights to have slaves. Abraham Lincoln did not want to fully abolish slavery, but stop its growth. However, the south believed that Lincoln wanted to fully abolish it. In conclusion, both sides are right and wrong, and honestly the Union was more wrong because of some war crimes such as killing civilians, slaves, and burning down cities.
There is a sad troll by the name of Chris who has been on the comments section for a year now. He can never give a proper answer like anyone who still defends the Confederacy as hard as he does. 😂😂😂😂
One Piece has lasted longer than the Confederacy, and it's STILL going! Not only that, but it's got a live action version that's getting a second season next year!
I always understood states rights like the HRE: noone has to commit to the greater good, but gets to blame the guy in charge anyways
Thirch Reich also was outlived by annoying orange, but it eat entire Europe, but yeah when your country existed for 4 years its mean that suck
My fucking dog outlived the confederacy, dude.
btw, two states seceded before Lincoln was inaugurated even though Lincoln had no intention of abolishing slavery. they wanted slavery so bad they left before the guy who didn’t like slavery was elected
MAGA hates all questions. I could call them every name in the book and they just laugh, but the second I go "how" or "why" holy hell it's a toddler meltdown
Song at end is "Union Dixie"
Alot of people have tried to swerve a bit to say that it would've allowed states to choose whether they want stuff like "that" (referring to slavery) but it literally says in the constitution that it shall never be outlawed.
I think today when someone uses the flag of the south they don't necessarily defend slavery but instead want to portrait a sense of independence and self sustainability. In today's world the issues of the past don't drive any causes, but we naturally reinterpret ideas to fit our own sentiments. For instance I'm not even American, but I love the idea of freedom and if I were an American today I wouldnt even find any. So what is left to show my identity with being ungovernable than a symbol that stands for being an outcast, hated by the system that's oppressing us all?
And more importantly is that the creator of Annoying Orange has been alive for 46 years which is 11 and a half confederacies.
Even the wait between GTA 5 and GTA 6 is more than three times longer than the entire lifespan of the Confederacy LOL
States right do what!!
Yo Chris, I have a question. What are you doing here? Like you've been active in this comment section for almost a year now. So what do you hope to achieve by continuing to be here? Like, are you some political ragebaiter, or have you been fighting for so long that you've forgotten what you wanted to achieve in the first place?
The South was oppressed by not being allowed to oppress its own people?  Sounds familiar...
A State's Right to arbitrarily take away the unalienable rights and freedoms of its citizenry based purely on skin color?
Idk. Maybe they had a point just saying
0:58 Bro pulled the lesser dog
Yo this Chris guy in the comment section is so corny bro 😭😭 100+ comments. Talk about unemployed
The normal usa sucks too
As a southerner. Yes. Fuck the confederacy.
Hello rabbi
Growing up in East Point Georgia in the 1960s  ( 67 now) the "educators" really pushed the whole "Lost cause" schtick and the Confederate big wigs. I didn't find out about Frederick Douglas till I was 16! ( great job of dropping the ball Fulton County educational system!) Thank you for making this video!
I come here everytime I feel depressed, so good 😂😂😂
Lemme hide a lot of henious crap behind this excuse I call heritage all right guys?  - Confeds
I recommend everyone here read the Henry clay letters written by Lincoln.
Breaking news! Pro confederates are also pro pedophilia now!  No big surprise there...
Really quick, want to clarify one thing for people who think the north was just, just the one. Abraham didn't want to free the slaves, he wanted to keep them enslaved, because our founding fathers were hypocrites. He just wanted the states to fight so he could urbanize the south. If it hadn't been for congressmen like Thaddeus Stevens, the south would have been rebuilt via slave labor.  I may love America, but there are some details we shouldn't forget.
Conservatives: We need to protect the INTEGRITY of the United State's Constitution by -- actually we (Conservatives) lied, heil Hitler  /sorry, was that a bit of a jump? Yeah, IDK how that happened so quickly either. Remember when Obama was in office, and the debate was "we can't prove Republicans are racist, but we're almost certain of it", and now it's "We have thousands of hours of evidence Republicans are racist, but they don't care"
The honest truth is that only the rich eleet has a vested interest in the issue of slavery the vast majority of those who served the Confederacy (who weren't drafted against their will) fought only to try to stop the physical destruction of their home caused by the war itself this is evident by the fact that voluntary enlistment increased as the war went on.
States rights to have freedom from the fed that makes policy.
Doobaholics….
TF2's last major update was in 2017 and since then, minus the seasonal halloween and christmas events, had a content drought  2017 was 8 years ago... TF2 has had no major updates for longer than the confederacy had exsisted... yeah.
Capitalism is slavery buddy
Gta5 was alive longer than the confederacy
Fun fact: The Angry Video Game Nerd lasted longer than Annoying orange, infact there's still some new episodes out, like Metroid Trilogy
UNION BOYS WIN IT AGAIN!!!!🏳️‍<----BEHOLD THE TRUE FLAG OF THE CONFEDERACY
deltarune is only halfway done and its already outlived the confederacy
Conservatives mock the suicide of children. They have no place to talk about ethics...
What’s this song called at 1:14?
A Jackson i Lee byli za zniesieniem niewolnictwa i jakoś nie walczyli po stronie północy ...
Śmieszna ciekawostka , jeśli północ walczyła o zniesienie niewolnictwa to czemu nie zniosła go na północy od razu , a dopiero w 1863 ? I tak południe walczyło o swoją wolnosć a nie o niewolnictwo
"Grass is Green" ahh title
Wasn't the Cherokee nation, "A"Confederacy???
I really wish i had watched this back in school or had enough brains to do so.
The only thing gray about the civil war was the Confederates uniforms
And the north didn't mind buying our cotton when it was cheap.
My coat has lasted 4 times as long as the Confederacy
Trump lasted longer than the Confederacy. And he'll be damned if the Confederacy doesn't rise from the grave and outlast him.  (No, I hate Trump and believe he's the reincarnation of Hitler. But he's evil enough to want to resurrect the Confederacy.)
These Unionists are like Indonesians Justifying Settler colonialism as anti colonialism  Nothing says anti colonialism like invading your neighbours the day after they are decolonized
The Confederacy was criminal. Still are.
So someone could have started high school at the beginning of the Confederacy, then graduated around the same time the Confederacy fell.
Lincoln wasn't even going to ban Slavery, he had to run on "not rocking the boat too much" and the Conservitards of the time still freaked out when he was elected. Kinda like anytime someone gets elected who wants to provide the bare minimum for the unfortunate and gets called an evil communist fascist rapist...
The "good" doesn't justify the bad. Simple as that...
Stawman arguments cringe af
Why do people even bother defending the confederates??   It's not like it would change anything.
Chris please relax its been over a year are you ok do you need to talk
There's not much about the Confederacy worth supporting in the year 2025. The issues they fought for and their ideals were so far removed from our current day. They fought for the right to maintain the slave class, and they maintained a lot of hateful & harmful rhetoric.  But it doesn't really stop there. WHY did they want to maintain slavery? That's the question a lot of people choose either not to ask, or not to take seriously. Because if your answer is more or less "Because they were hateful, felt superior & chose to reflect that in their actions," then you are not correct. This country wasn't founded by Hollywood super villains. It was founded by ignorant people who themselves were products of a racist/classist system, & who themselves eventually became split by class. Poorer rural southerners attempted to maintain sponsorships with Britain that sustained them. Those sponsorships & trade deals were deeply woven into early colonial America, and British elites & merchants insisted upon slavery as a means to acquire resources from the states such as sugar, tobacco & cotton. From day 1, there were systems put in place by both local and foreign governments which subjugated individuals. Many individuals committed the horrid acts they did to survive.  Now, there are a lot of stories of cruelty that seem to extend far past the need to "survive." That's very true. It shouldn't be overlooked. Physical & mental abuse which I cannot describe here. I see the same cruelty in war today. Certain individuals build their entire life and identity on a foundation of suffering, experience moral dissonance. (I should say though, many of us have our identity essentially pre-crafted & handed to us. Different people cope with that to different degrees.) Some terrible, ignorant people choose to contribute to the very suffering their identity was built upon in order to validate themselves. This is easier for many than simply building a new identity.
States rights to be free from a tyrannical government that taxes the south relentlisly also slaves cost on average 33000 dollars in todays money which most southern people even today dont just have lying around and in my opinion i wouldnt go to war risk death by disease being shot blown up captured tortured exicuted starved frozed dehydrated heat stroke just so someone else can own slaves which if you dont own a plantation you cant afford anyway so whats the point in fighting. Also if we are traitors for leaving a country that doesnt care or protect our valuse then the founding fathers are traitors too because they did the same thing to england for the same reasons also slavery was not a cause until it was a convienant weapon to be used its also theorised that the first election was stolen so that was another reason the north invaded us so theres reason number 2 the fireing on fort sumter was justified cause it was on confederate soil and also to give a little perspective of the type of gentalmen both sides were shermans burning of most the southeast the burning of fredricksburg also shermans exileing of the women making uniforms in atlanta into the wilderness to die of the eliments you never here of the confederates doing ANY of that like Gettysburg was in confederate possesion for three days and it was fine slavery would have ended with the growin technolligy  slavery was only practiced because no one guy can run a cotton plantation by himself and still make a living it just wouldnt happen. Thats what i have to say about the mockery of my people
Luckily the demorats keep losing ❤
This is literally all we mean when we say we need Anti-racism. It's not enough to just not be racist, deconstruct and break their logic around it, EVERY TIME you hear the nonsense.
They were a real country, even if they were evil
I'm glad Doobus has a strong moral compass.
I agree that slavery was bad, it brought THEM in...
If the South woulda won, we woulda had it made
fun fact: tump wants to bring back slavery guys its so over
Doobus Goobus rule 34
Slavery being bad is a fact, not an opinion.
Neo-confederates be like: Opposing the government is based!  Also neo-confederates: No! You can not criticize the current administration!
Funny video, but States Rights as policy is monumentally important. Liberals (if they were intelligent) would know this because states rights is what prevents the current administration from completely railroading all civil liberties and rights that the left cherishes…..assuming you don’t live in a former confederate state of course….
State's rights to secede from the union. That is the answer to that question. The steel man argument is that the United States, was understood as a union that any state could come or leave as they liked.
Slavery being bad is an opinion, not a fact.
Here for the confederacy bashing, stayed to laugh at chris "why so serious"
The wait for the Batman part 2 is lasting longer than the confederacy
just to explain states riiiiights it gives states the ability to free them selfs from the usa any time thay want. and make thar own riiiiights sadly yes it was used to keep slavery as well also the civil war WAS for states riiiiights in the bingeing but it later was about freeing the slaves.
Minecraft has outlasted the confederacy 3 times over.  *3 TIMES OVER*
States rights played an important role.  But lets not deny that the economic importance Slavery was the main driving factor behind the civil war. Its like the video said, states rights to do what.
Be compared with the annoying orange is really fckd up.
Why is it that the neo-confederates freaks are also often anti semitic?
My beaten up and slightly torn shoes have lasted longer than the Confederacy
‘It was about state’s right!’ Meanwhile the confederate constitution required all states to allow slavery, IE not giving them the right to CHOOSE if they wanted slavery to be allowed or not.
So this is now my favorite animation channel...
april 9th, the day the land of traitors wept petty tears 🇺🇸
Chris, it's been over a year, when are you going to finally step away the comments section my guy?
Not supporting the confederates but a small group fled the US and set up somewhere in South America where they don't have slavery so technically more then 5 years
for the annoying orange to outlive the confederacy is crazy
Smiling friends should hire this guy, he is good!!!!
I haven't check the newest thread for like 7 months until this video got recommended to me... So HOW IS CHRIS STILL KEEP GOING ON THIS???
Correctly criticizing a slave state before showing patriotism for another slave state is a wild level of dissonance.
Slavery in the US was a criminal wrong that should have a criminal punishment. The people who enforced the laws then, and enforce them now, bear the burden of responsibility more than the descendants of dead rich people who may or not have retained weath relative to their ancestors involvement.  Powers that governments use to enslave people- removing them from legal possibility in the future should be the priority, not a witch hunt.  There are people all over the world and in the united states who are still held against their will and still coerced to work OR labor for someone's profit against their will NOW.  What should be dismantled is the state's ability to abuse and extort and force custodial arrangements on people for profit or gain- and that isn't just prisons or minority ghettos or immigrant abuses.  The whole system of western law is still rooted in land ownership and descriptions of personal rights that oppress and reduce the vast majority of participants in society to cattle to be bullied for the satisfaction of the thin margin of winner take all random elites and the sycophant classes that aid and abet their ongoing crime.  No, the confederacy did almost nothing heroically- but it was murdered horrifically by a genocidal bully that continued a war doctrine for the following century which provided a moral justification for totalitarian empires that killed civilians in ways their opponents were too poor to, and called themselves reluctant heroes and their enemies evil.  Every individual and group should have the right to secede from the united states, justifiably so out of moral objections; what the civil war demonstrates is that at any significant scale which threatens the future of globalist imperial hegemony, that will be met with absolute violence.
To all the people sifting through the newest section because they’re bored and wanna poke fun at racists I respect that
Owning another human being is not good.
Even IF the parties switched, it doesn't change the fact that democrats wanted slavery.
At least dimebags guitar was cool
Citizens' property rights are important. The North threatened to diminish the South's ability to continue using their bipedal assets for the benefit of their agrarian economy, using questionable philosophical theories to justify their meddling with property rights.   It took the South several decades to rebuild their economy and create Jim Crow laws to reintegrate their lost assets into agricultural production.   All of this could have been avoided if Southern states' rights would have been respected.
I've tried to explain for years that the only confederate leader who wasn't a complete pile of garbage was Stonewall Jackson. The rest were awful people to their core. Jackson was no saint, mind you, but his and Lincoln's ideas on how they wanted to handle the abolition of slavery slowly so as to not cripple the south lined up fairly closely until push came to shove and Lincoln just went scorched earth while Jackson decided to try and protect his home even if it was in the wrong.  I don't agree with the man's ultimate choice, and he did still believe in racial supremacy, but I can at least see him as a human being that could be reasoned with. The rest of the generals were irredeemable in their rhetoric. There is no lost cause. It was not about state's rights. One sane man amongst a sea of monsters does not a nuanced situation make.
Yankees on their way to worship the black man
1:15 Please like this comment if you want Twitter to be suspended for half a year, EVERY YEAR! No seriously, i just left subtitles for this video on and it states that poor guy Dooby Dooby Doobah over here got death threats on Twitter and that ain't okay-YOU GUYS TELL ME *STATE RIGHTS DO WHAT* !?
Democrats sure do hate it when Republicans take their cheap unethical labor.
Lmao those slave traders got that nazi mindset
Happy Fourth of July everyone. Even though that's not the reason why we celebrate independence day but it's better to be American than a Confederate. If only we have a much better president right now.
One of the most important victories against those confederate traitors was the battle of Vicksburg, which effectively split the south in two. That victory happened on the 4th of July! 🎉🎉🎉 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
This feels like a short episode of smiling friends
Happy 4th!
States Rights to TAKE A BIG FAT L
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
one more reason for the confederacy was the right of states to secede from the union and make their own laws apart from union laws.
My computer mouse that I stole from the school bus's floor lasted longer than the confederacy.
I come and watch this about once a month as a reminder there’s still good and based people in US history ie John Brown (and his whole family, the people that stood with him, the people who funded him)
Conservatives are just creeps...
Ya know the fact the union won is the reason why trump could abolish abortion on a FEDERAL level and states won't have any recourse to fight a FEDERAL mandate. Ya win some ya lose some.
People PEOPLE GUYS!!!! THIS IS SERIOUS!!! I just found out COCA COLA the company and the soda was created by a CONFEDERATE soldier!! If YOU buy and drink Coca Cola then you're supporting SLAVERY!!!!!
This is exactly what my history teacher said in high school and it stuck with me forever. "State's right to do what?"
“You’re gonna celebrate a nation so f^cking weak the annoying orange outlived it?!” 🔥Imma say that whenever I hear the ‘heritage’ argument🔥
This showed up again while I was in Georgia
ok, that was incredibly based! perhaps even credibly based.
Oh! Look at that! 2 days to 4th of July and Youtube decided to remind me of this video! Rare Youtube W
Man shit like this makes me feel patriotic as fuck
“B-but Robert E Lee was a gentleman and Ulysses S Grant was a drunk!!” Ok so yall were so pathetic you lost to a drunk    Also the how the hell are people so desperately still defending something so unbelievably awful
If the parties did switch, why can't you make sense of it? Something about the civil rights movement? That doesn't mean the parties switched. There's an entire video that criticizes this narrative.
Lynyrd Skynyrd’s hiatus from 1977 to 1987 lasted longer than the confederacy
It feels like chris is watching me
We really got the entire lifespan of the confederacy multiple times before gta 6 (im sorry I had to say it)
My main minecraft world on my Xbox one has lasted for longer than the confederacy did
"Not all things are black and white" one of the most clear cut things in history:
The time gap from GTA 5 and GTA 6 lasted longer than the Confederacy
I mean mindless drones don’t really count as slaves, do they?
honestly yea don b afraid 2 say it dude
You're not defending slavery by knowing all the cause and effect. Just like youre not a nazi by knowing how Hitler came into power
Jetix and toon Disney outlived it
0:46 Funniest part is that these were democrats and republicans were the ones who were fighting against this lol. Also, America was found as a republic not a democracy.
"YoU cOuLd Be BeTtEr"
I come back here to see what's going on. Then I get depressed when I realize that Chris has been doing this for over a year now.  A whole year has passed.  And he's still going.  Should we call someone? Obsession was tossed around as a joke early on, but it's definitely genuine now.
Frickin’ brilliant. Still laughing.☮️🤙
Honsetly, i don't watch the video anymore. I just scroll down to the comments to see what ol' "slavery is based" chris is up to
Something's wrong.  I can only upvote this once.  Needs more.
Just a reminder to anyone who has seen the recent TT repost or has come to this YT video naturally- there are both bots (flesh and blood + algorithmically) programmed to fight for The Lost Cause of the Confederacy who will argue with you over every little inconsequential point either wearing you down or trying to get you to slip up on some historical point ("YoU goT tHe DaTe WrOnG oN wHeN tHiS OnE LetTeR WaS wRiTtEn! yOu ArE nOt EDuCaTeD oN tHiS...") just so they can argue in favor for either slavery, the value of other humans based upon the melanin in their skin, the worthiness of their ancestors who died  trying to fight for slavery, or whatever other white trash talking point they want to regurgitate. The only worth that these comments have is to raise engagement for the algorithm and for a 4.6 million viewed video you do not need to engage if it does nothing but take away from your mental peace. Let me say it as clearly as possible- you do not need to engage with the ignorant trashy racists who wish to continue to litigate the misinformation and lies of ancestors who lost a war with the US if it takes away from your peace of mind. Oh, you can also argue or comment to them with humor if it helps! Fun fact, there are more Home Alone movies than years of the loser Confederacy, any tv series worth watching (and some not so much) have lasted longer than the losers of the Confederacy,  the life expectancy of most dogs is greater than that of the losingest CONfederacy around... you can find more from a simple Google search!
The Confederacy was approximately the length of 7 Trump-Elon friendships, so hey, at least they weren't THAT pathetic
States rights are valid
The only context in which patriotism is cool:
im gonna draw fanart of chris
Only four states mentioned slavery while seceding. And session was already a thing way before the war. South Carolina during Jackson’s term wanted to leave. The war really was about whether states can leave, the South said yes, the North said no. Also Lincoln didn’t fight the war to end slavery, it was to preserve the union.
NO! As a Texan i dont aprove of this video
Here's the difference between States Rights and the Confederacy - one allows States Rights to everyone.
It aint that bad boy i voted for slaves
The confederacy’s lifespan is the equivalent to Xbox - Xbox 360
It why states should all have the same laws and obey the federal laws but not under dictator they should be allow to eject dictator and corrupt politicians from power
I didn't know people were still defending this, which is crazy, cause I live in mississippi
Yeah the Confederacy was bad due to like 90% of it was slavery if you're wondering the other concern was like wanting more power or whatever because do I like so many people up north that they were no longer necessary to win the election so yeah they felt like they were losing political power however again they still feels kind of tied to slavery because political power to enforce and support and keep around the institution of slavery
0:04 like you you're Gray and because of that you have probably been a slave I'm glad Melanie no longer makes people subhuman because if that was still the case it would kind of suck
Why are conservatives so easy to offend?? Is fun to troll them but it gets worrying after a while. Geez.
“Get out confederate loser”   -Abe Lincoln
Seriously those confederates were such sore losers. Imagine being so petty that you can’t own human beings, that you decide to create a white supremacist terrorist group to harass and torture and murder innocent people who just to want to live freely in peace.
Bro, Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure (Manga Series) lasted longer than the Confederacy and the Third Reich even if they were combined together💀
Sometimes when I read a confederacy defender I read them with the voice of Gene Ruttish from Twisted Metal.
I do wanna know what the other concers were, just cause
The confederacy sucked so bad two seasons of SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS outlived it
TIL my fucking PLAYTIME on CosmicBreak, a niche MMO with at best probably 400 players WORLDWIDE, is longer than the confederacy.
Boy the annoying orange is still out living
Ummmmmm I am at my moms and they recently moved into her boyfriend’s parent’s house so now I have my own room, but they haven’t finished with taking everything out and you’re never gonna guess what I have on the wall because they haven’t removed it
i love how abe lincoln in this looks like clone high lincoln
Holy hell everyone is really still out here sparring with me 💀
Holy hell Chris is really still out here sparring with everyone 💀
It seems like Brandon the clown thinks the parties switched. He doesn't have any evidence that makes sense. And he gets mad at me because he's making things up.
It seems like the Chris the idiots brain has completely rotted since now all he can say is “the parties never switched” even after being disproven over and over again. Even when asked questions unrelated to political parties he’ll still say this as if it’s some magic answer that answers everything when it’s just spewing nonsense.
The parties never switched. And I'm not defending the Confederacy. YOU are if you think the parties switched.
chris135x is a confederate sympathizer and has been defending the confederacy in the comments section for months. Sort by new and keep scrolling, he’s in every other convo 😂😂😂
The great thing about that flag still proudly being waved, worn, and tattooed is it can quickly tell you all you need to know about a person.  As a young white man raise in the heart of the Bible Belt (and embarrassingly a former confederate flag waver.)  Thank fuck for reading, educating, and the internet.  EVERY one who champions that flag is a dipshit racist. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE.
Remember, it was NEVER about popular sovereignty (states rights) because then why would they commit election fraud in Kansas and force them to have slaves when they wanted to be a free state hmmmm???? (Bleeding Kansas, 1855) It was about making EVERYONE in the US allow slavery even if it meant allowing the Federal government to forcefully carry it out. (The Crittenden Compromise, 1860)
“”NOT A CONFEDERATE SUPPORTER OR SYMPATHIZER””    Apparently, they wanted to have the right to nullify laws that the north would impose on them.  (One of them was slavery)
Fnaf also outlived it
The fucking MCU outlived The Confederacy.
Oh those wacky Democrats and their love of slavery
I'm from the state that started the Civil War, but thankfully I was fortunate to grow up in a predominantly Black neighborhood, which predisposed me towards having no inclination of racism, given that my first cherished friends were not of my race. As a matter of fact, when I learned of its existence, it thoroughly sickened me to my core. The very same hell that you unleashed in this video is what I usual do so whenever I encounter "but it's our heritage!" jacobites of the US variety.
This comment section is an active war zone that will probably last longer then the confederacy did
It was good in my opinion.  Not the slavery thing but everything else like states rights . Yea I support
Democrats really havent changed at all lmao
Slavery was so awful. I wish we never brought all of those slaves over. This country would be so much better
To leave the union.
"it wasn't ALL slavery" "yeah but you had slavery, that was a thing you did, you can't just ignore that and pretend one good thing justified all the slavery"
It surprises me even more how people who say their patriotic will fly the flag of the rebellion that ravaged the USA
Few things are black and white Slavery fits into those few things! Never is there ever a good reason to enslave someone!
Slavery is overhated
No but really. It's good that the Union won the civil war. If the Confederacy won, the USA would break into smaller secession States. That means the USA wouldn't be a superpower during WW1 and WW2 to put up a fight against Japan or Germany.
Waiting for Deltarune ch3 and 4 outlived the confederacy
BFDI’s lifespan is longer then the confederacy (that series was made 15 years ago)
Remember, mask-off slavery was only abolished because wage slavery is cheaper and easier
Twinkies last longer than the Confederacy
EACH DIXIE BOY MUST UNDERSTAND THAT HE MUST MIND HIS UNCLE SAM
Slavery was such a horrible practice that the freed slaves who went to Liberia immediately enslaved the native Africans in their own land and built their own plantations.
Everyone had slaves. Mother england made sure of that. The confederacy was more about limiting government. This is common sense for anyone that paid attention in history
I logged more hours into World of Warcraft than the entire lifetime of the Confederacy.
Why do lost cause supporters try so hard to defend the Confederacy from criticism, when its entire economy, culture, and existence was based on a system they claim to despise?   The Confederates could have freed the slaves and then revolted for states' rights, and they would probably be national heroes today.
The amount of time between Breath of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom was longer than the Confederacy lasted
I agree with everything but the regurgitated argument of "this lasted longer than the Confederacy". These are ideas, not groups. The idea of the Confederacy is still alive today. The better comparison would be that of other countries.
Racism bad (very true)
Slavery is bad....that's why illegal immigration is terrible, as they are treated like slaves and paid next to nothing.
Lol slavery is evil? What do you think about illegal immigration? They are usually paid slave wages......
Lincoln was a dictator
I'm a day late but happy Juneteenth
The daughters of the confederacy made up the lost cause to revise history in the favor of the confederacy and slavery.
The wait from GTA 5 to GTA 6 is more than twice as long as the Confederacy's lifespan
Democrats owned slaves     Democrats today still trying to enslave you. It’s just called, “ who will work the fields?” Or “ price of food will rise if they won’t work”
I like coming back here to see neo confederates try and fail to make a point 💅
Juneteenthly reminder that slavery ended in Texas on June 19, 1865 but remained legal and active in Kentucky, Delaware, and New Jersey until December 18, 1865 - when the 13th Amendment was ratified. We don't talk about those because they were all Union states.
Video currently has 7.3k dislikes. That's a whole lotta racists when one racist is one too many
states right to import low wage workers to pick crops…. right?
The states right to not ban fossil fuels. States right to not pay for abortions.  States rights to vet who comes into their land. A states right to defend yourself with whatever you want. Ststes right to tax as little or much as it wants. States rights to use available and plentiful resources it has. States rights to NOT import brown people to pick our crops and clean our homes. Honestly i could go on forever.
People are always about states rights until another state disagrees with them.
still confused by civil war reenactments. Yes yes, very brave soldiers fought a war for the rich people who didn't want to lose their easy money, but its also a war you lost. Why do you want to relive the time where your ideology and ancestors failed? At least with fanfiction you can rewrite the ending.
More!
There was an April fools joke on April 1, 2008. This April fools joke is still around today The April fools joke was originally a joke UTAU but later became a Vocaloid. They ended up out living the goofy ahh nation FOUR TIMES OVER. Let that sink in
The other side also had slaves so... But the truth is that the war was about the economics (of slavery) and not the morality (of slavery). And the president got to keep a lot of slaves by the way.
Grass is green ahh statement
I think Abraham Lincoln decided to abolish slavery do to a few factors originally he only want to stop it from spreading to new states
so funny how you people call confederates traitors when you're exactly that
Bless this mess xD
"I drew my opponent as a soyjak and me as the chad as you can see."
HOW ARE THERE PEOPLE IN 2025 DEFENDING CONFETTIRITES AND THEIR SLAVERY IN A DOOBUS GOOBUS SKIT!????
The Articles of Secession should be read in high school. Go back to the source material, it’s all there.
What is the song at the end of the video?
Say the line chris !    Slavery is based 😂
To some degree it was About states rights like one of the states rights were disagreements of tariffs and the right to secede and the right to self governor themeselves and yes slavery and yes slavery was its core but I’m saying to states rights were pretty true TO SOME DEGREE!!
“States rights to do what?” Is a pathetic argument.  States wanted to have the rights to make their own decisions about what’s legal.  Sure, slavery is what triggered it, but now look around the country. Can you really say the federal government should have the right to decide what’s legal everywhere?
The general lee may have a confederate flag but he isn't racist.
1,6% of the South states population owned slaves.
List of random shit that lasted longer than the confederacy 1: me 2: all of you 3: ole kirk christensen's carpenter workshop 4: A-10 Warthog files from the U.S. government (oops wait War Thunder stole those) 5: that one dust bunny in one of you guy's handbags or purses 6: the youtube 5 star rating system 7: the penny (RIP) 8: old glove from the AC unit that i dont bother picking up  Feel free to add to it.
This is why kids needed to be laughed at for doing the pledge of allegiance
Howdy Doody ran from from December 27, 1947, until September 24, 1960; a ventriloquist dummy lasted three times as long as the Confederacy.
"Get douglass'd" I love this line so much
For those who keep talking about the "party switch" THEORY, I suggest watching and listening to "debunking: the party switch myth" from the channel Forgotten History. You'll learn something there.
Quick fact check here, Tennessee specifically did NOT have slavery in its constitution. While slavery played a role, the civil war wasnt about slavery until Lincoln made the emancipation proclamation nearly 2 YEARS into the war to help garner more support for the north since the population was already tired of the fighting. Objectively speaking, and simply put, the civil war was about the states’ rights to secede from the union, a right that had been guaranteed up to that point. The north did not want to lose the southern states, and thus began the War of Northern Aggression. But stay woke, whatever
I mean I understand that slavery was evil, and it really was, but you can’t lie the confederate flag looked cool on the General Lee (I mean the car)
Cornwall/Kernow, as an independent kingdom, lasted longer before the confederacy
Good job attaching your LLC email to adult sites lol
0:58 state rights give slavery to the confederacy
Spongebob lasted over 5x as long as the Confederacy
The Civil War, in every way imaginable, was black and white
Is that one guy still arguing with everyone?
New Jersey was the last state to abolish slavery, and Oregon just banned black people, not slaves, but black people in general altogether.  The definition of history is people finding new ways to be pricks to one another, don’t have too much reverence for it.
Donkeycrat
Freddy Fazbear has been around longer than the confederacy
No
Also interesting that the same "state's rights" people fail to mention how the Dred Scott Decision ghetto-stomped all over the Northern states' rights to ban slavery in THEIR borders. They don't seem too upset about that ruling, in my experience.
I'm convinced people put on a Confederate flag because they're dumb and boring. They make it their personality trait, which is sad because it means you support taking a fat L
Out of curiosity... how did Great Britton abolish slavery without a civil war? I seem to remember lincoln did just about everything he could to enflame tensions and cause division between north and south....man it sure would be bad if we handed over previously unknown powers to the federal government and that didnt rapidly escalate for the next 100 years till there was crisis every presidency.😊😅😅
It's funny how even The Garfield Show outlived the Confederacy, lasting from 2008/2009 (France and USA respectively) to 2016
No it wasn't. And it was actually the right to mint their own currency instead of borrowing from central banks with interest.
I’m now wondering who is more delusional of their own beliefs, acting like they are right when they are 100% proven to not be, Chris or Lily Orchard.
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam
I would have never guessed that they were bad definitely didnt know that before i was even 7
The moment that you go from your history teacher’s favorite student, to their least favorite; aka having to teach the class.
The union didn't give a single shit about slavery, they only wanted to preserve the union.
Oh looks like Chris is back. And surprise surprise, he’s replying to everyone except the racist comment from a day ago
Checking in after another two weeks. I just wanna say that the party switch didn't happen. The entire USA allowed slavery. The Civil War only made it illegal in the southern states.
"B-But is mah heritage."   Well my ancestors k!lled slavers. How about that?
God save the south
Long live the south
Rebellions are always fantasized, but the Civil War was not a rag-tag group of farmers fighting for their freedom. It was a buntch of rich platation owners sending young men to die to protect their bottom line.
liberal
Lincoln said he would keep slavery if it meant keeping the union
https://youtu.be/QhN4Rimxb4A?si=PGgleo32kCSyAVXR
Why do people keep arguing over this?? Ethics won in the long term.
The confederacy fought against the union. Literally anti-american as you can get. I wonder how many US flags were burnt.
Fun fact: an NHL team named after *the burning of Atlanta,* aka the "Atlanta Flames", lasted twice as long as the Confederacy, and still technically exists today. You may know them as the Calgary Flames.  That's right. A sports team, playing entirely on ICE, lasted longer in the South than the Confederacy itself.
These things are impossible to deny. I just also, look at the war from the perspective of soldiers and common people. The perspective changes nothing but gives reason to have empathy for the many victims.
the states right to decide if they are a slave holding state or not for the next couple years.  And no not a single one said they seceded because slavery.  They left because their economies relied on slavery at the time and political power revolved around slave holding and non slave holding states.   The federal gov was not abolishing slavery it was removing the right of new states being allowed to choose to be a slave holding state or not in an effort to gerrymander political control.
Away down South in the land of traitors, Rattlesnakes and alligators.  Why in the hell are you numb nuts celebrating the battle flag of a rebellion that lasted less than 5 years. There’s nothing even there to cling to. Neither you, nor your father, nor your father’s father had anything to do with this.
This is me when someone argues "NATO expansion" or "western provocations" when talking about Russia and Ukraine lmao
How to fuck over MAGAs mind in a argument
Techanically America in 1812 are the bad guys because of slavery and Canada are the good guys for The Underground Railroad.
For those who try to bring up "Union war crimes", look up the Lawrence massacre, the Nueces massacre, the Shelton Laurel massacre, the Great hanging at Gainesville, Ebenezer Creek, Winchester Medical college, and the history of Andersonville Prison.
"States right to do what?"  Secede.
0:00 captain k nuckles really fell off after flapjack was canceled
Yo chris you got a good omelette recipe?
If you finish kindergarten you outlive the confederacy
Inaccurate: the confederate guy didn’t pull out a newspaper clipping of an interview of a single confederate soldier 20 years after the war saying it was always about states rights.
So this video can make fun of people from the south's heritage so i guess i can make fun of Africans heritage for not being able to resist European colonial rule?
If your economy depended on a trillion dollar industry that depended on free labor, and the government was about to make you pay all your workers, why the hell WOULDN’T a greedy little demon such as yourself revolt over that?
Guys we don’t need to fight, Steam summer sale is coming soon
1:02 no way
"Whats crazier about this is that the confederacy was HELLA poor" .AND THATS MABYE THE WHOLE POINT YOU UNION IDIOTS BECAUSE WE WERE LIVING OUT OF SLAVERY AND IT WAS DOING GREAT BUT IN ONE SIMPLE MOMENT YOU ALL NORTHERNERS SAID WE GOT MACHINES YOU MUST GET OVER SLAVERY AND HHOW THHE HELLL WE ARE LIKE GOIN TO DO IT ??????????????????? MAYBE GIVE US TIME BECAUSE WE LIFE FOR SLAVERY ( 60–80 % HDP) AND IT WASNT BAD TO THIS TIME? THATS LITERALLY CRAZY AND MOST OF UNION SOLDIERS AND GENERALS WERE EVEN MORE RACIST ( PS: you won only because of warcrimes) HM: rights and land to natives you stupid yanks
THE UNION FOREEEEEEEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRR
Away down south in the land of traitors
Doobus my goat🫡
I feel like Chris is watching me
I noticed he put the Abraham Lincoln from clone high... looks like him I think 😂
❤❤❤❤❤❤Thank You for this. I actually had someone a few years ago try to tell me that I should feel pride at the sight of the Confederate Flag because it was a symbol of States Rights.
Oh my god, I JUST noticed that the traitor's mustache gets smaller and smaller throughout the video!  That's hilarious!
hi chat did i tell u guys i got into balatro. i love gambling
I was raised all my young life in yourself. By the old histories , that flag was a symbol of states rites. Other people put the thought of slavery to that flag a long time after it was created. This seems like somebody did not pay attention in history.
I have only one question.What the hell happened to speedom of speech??  I was raised in the south and I Truly despise slavery.  But if you think that is all that flag was for you are mistaken you have been lied to or you could just be drastically . Who knows? But please consider this advice, Go back to those books and read them again.
I swear. I haven't checked in here for two weeks and you clowns are still crying about me. You wanna tell me to get a job with you're the one checking in 24/7.
Slavery= bad But also let’s look at the things that the north did first they did unspeakable war crimes like killing civilians burning down cities, doing unspeakable acts to women and children. The south played fairly and that’s why it lost also George Washington owned slaves and it was never meant for slavery to be abolished so the north was literally going against what the person who made the country said so who’s the traitor?
Not being a bigot is something really, REALLY easy. What the hell are bigots excuse??
Marx was bad
I went to Charleston 2 weeks ago. They kept referring to it as "the war between the states"
I do love this "Chris" dude spewing nonsense while having his playlists public that show he is just an incel stuck in 2016.
People end Slavery, So They Support The Confederacy
Goob has the rights to talk
I honestly don’t know why @therambler is trying so hard to defend the confederates. When it’s already been proven countless times they were horrible racists that wanted to protect slavery at any cost.
Dude in your description of this video you say "also to anyone saying "The union was bad too". true, but they weren't the ones keeping slavery going lol." The union or north, whatever you want to call them was the only one of the two faction that actively created and added a slave state to their nation during the war? SMH. What a historically bizarre thing to say.
Chris, I think it’s time to get off the computer. You have nothing to prove here. Please go live your life.
And keep in mind the Confederacy was on the defensive side of the conflict, which is often much easier than having to gain territory, which is what the north had to do.
It sure is fun to make a video of an argument that’s one sided and not against an actual person, but a fake version of people that exist only as an idea in your head, right?
Im so glad that he is against slavery bc im black ❤
Jon Pertwee, Tom Baker, David Tennant, Jodie Whittaker (and debatably Sylvester McCoy and Paul McGann).  Each of them was Doctor Who for longer than the Confederacy existed.  We should have up statues of the 13th Doctor instead.
BLM was bad
Fun fact: Abraham Lincoln said, in his exact words, that he didn't care about ending slavery. He just knew that it was the easiest and fastest way to end the civil war
I don't live in the US and I don't care much about US history, but why in the hell do people defend this confederacy thing?
I got beef w the confederacy too but I wanna know why you chose to make an animation about it
States right to defend its heritage. Simple as that. Trust me, the north wasn’t slave loving either. it was a war of economics. Learn from your history rather than trying to destroy it.
Friendly reminder that Chris has not actually watched the video, and if he has at this point, it was as early as two weeks ago, meanwhile he's been sitting in this comment section throwing a tantrum for the past *year*
There were a lot of black slave owners and ironically enough most of them lived in the south
The union had slaves, so yes, it was grey, not black and white, and I say that as a man who was born in the Midwest, the eastern half, and who understands slavery was a barbaric and unjust practice in any context, no matter what anyone says, the american civil war did not end slavery, it helped bring an end to american chattle slavery, so no it was not black and white.
LGBT+ outlived the confederacy.
Ha the annoying orange
Bro got this man stressing
Fun fact just to make confederate leaders look more crazy: Lincoln WASNT going to take away the south’s rights to take away the rights of others. They were just mad paranoid.
0:40 Lincoln wasn’t even going to abolish slavery he was just going to stop its spread across the states but when they succeeded he just decided, fine if that’s how you want to be I will abolish slavery
Fanboy and Chum Chum lasted a whole year longer than the Confederacy. So by their logic we should be worshipping Fanboy and Chum Chum.
I dislike the so-called United States so I am sympathetic to the Confederacy. To some extent.
if slavery was banned it would have made the south loose so much money it could have started a famine witch did happen after the war
This video will be older than the Confederacy on Saturday, the 31st of July, 2027... I am looking forward to it.
State's rights to...Maintain the Economy...By Maintaining Slavery. Yep, slavery.
“The Civil War was about slavery!” mfers spontaneously combusting when you mention the Corwin Amendment
People will look at modern Atlanta today and then say with a straight face that the Confederates were the bad guys
7k dislikes this country is so cooked
The wait for silksong is longer than the confederacy
fork found in kitchen
1:13 "get douglass'd"  i'm stealing that lol
The south has brought us nothing good besides Chick fil A and Country music. A whole continent connected to land wanted to secede because they wanted to own people and didn’t want to stop doing that… it’s things like this that bring me back to this quote from spy kids “Do you think god says in heaven because he to is afraid of what he has created?” Where I say…YES!!! If we realized we are all the same people in life and came together as a whole as people we would probably have fu$king flying cars right about now instead of years of separate water fountains and bathrooms. If I had a time machine fist I would go back and kill hitler,than I would save my dad from dying,but than I would take a white man and a black man and show blood files to show it’s all the SAME!!! Skin is to protect your blood and Bodley fluids dripping on the floor. It didn’t take us until 1968 to figure that out 1968 the year hot tubs were invented. This is why god stays in heaven. It’s because we can’t figure out how to be decent human beings without hate.
The south has brought us nothing good besides Chick fil A and Country music. A whole continent connected to land wanted to secede because they wanted to own people and didn’t want to stop doing that… it’s things like this that bring me back to this quote from spy kids “Do you think god says in heaven because he to is afraid of what he has created?” Where I say…YES!!! If we realized we are all the same people in life and came together as a whole as people we would probably have fu$king flying cars right about now instead of years of separate water fountains and bathrooms. If I had a time machine fist I would go back and kill hitler,than I would save my dad from dying,but than I would take a white man and a black man and show blood files to show it’s all the SAME!!! Skin is to protect your blood and Bodley fluids dripping on the floor. It didn’t take us until 1968 to figure that out 1968 the year hot tubs were invented. This is why god stays in heaven. It’s because we can’t figure out how to be decent human beings without hate.
The wait for GTA 6 has lasted longer than the confederacy
My Little Pony G4, a literal children's show about various pastel ponies going on adventures to learn about friendship and acceptance, lasted 5 years longer than the Confederacy. It was also a widely popular show that people of various backgrounds enjoyed❤
They tricked poor people to kill eachother so they could own human beings to be specific (and im a southerner) fuck the confederacy.
There are dozens of good ways to dunk on the confederacy, but 'states right to what' isn't one of them. When people say the civil war was about state's rights, they mean state's rights to leave the union, and they are only mostly wrong. The south seceded because they wanted to keep slavery; the north fought them because they didn't want them to leave.
The fact that you mfs don't care but have opinions is terrifying. Some of you aren't even from the USA and you talk as if the Constitution applies to you. All it takes is for the federal government to ignore, dismiss, bypass or repeal the Tenth Amendment and POOF!!! You got no First, Second, Fourth or Fifth Amendments! IF you're smart enough, you'd know WHY those specific Amendments are necessary.
_These Dixie Boys must learn that they must mind their uncle Sam_
Something I learned from this video is that if your beliefs hinge on a vague term like “states rights” with no further context, than they’re probably bs
Even if it was for “states rights” they still lost and we seem perfectly fine without those “states rights”
I bought a Wii.
My dad moved to Missouri a few years back and says where he lives there’s a few confederate monuments. He and I agree on the same thing; yes, they may be racist monuments, but they are still parts of history and should not be taken down.
It good
The war between Chris and the rest of the comment section is going to last longer than the confederacy.
based goobus
The argument at the time was literally about states rights. The argument the southern social democrats made was about if the federal government or states had the authority to end or continue slavery. Mind you, lots of freed Africans at that time fought for the south...meaning they wanted to keep their slaves, other Africans.  That was the entirety of the civil war. It was fought over states rights vs federal authority.
Hey it's May the Fourth
I'm guessing you're in on the lizard conspiracy.
my childhood cat spent more time being geriatric than the confederacy spent in existence
The Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Hello Chris, how was unemployment today?
Spam, states right to do what in the replies
Lizard
the confederate ruling class is actually less sympathetic than this video makes them seem in that lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery when he came into office, he just wasn't 100% in the pocket of the planters like his predecessors had been
The only thing that’s black and white is the contrast in parties of the atrocities that confederates wanted to continue with.
Since I didn't had a proper answer I'll rephrase it then.  Why are conservatives so easy to offend?
Look, *all I’m saying is* that whenever I see anyone with a confederate flag online, it’s my obligation as a New Yorker and Northerner to reply, screaming the words of Union Dixie, because I love the taste of confederate tears
Omg its captain k'nuckles
There are some interesting parallels between the American civil war and the clone wars in the Star Wars prequels. Both involved a bigger government (Republic) that had clear flaws but was still much better than the opposing side, the opposing side was a rebellious group (CSI/separatists) that wanted to separate from the bigger government and make their own. And that rebellious group tries to present themselves as a group fighting oppression and fighting for independence. When in reality they’re just selfish and greedy scumbags that terrorize others and are the oppressors themselves. Coincidentally the rebellious faction also has “confederate” in their name.
Off topic but, it has officially been exactly 80 years since a specific event happened
Some of my legos are officially older than the Confederacy. My legos could outlive the Civil war Just think about that I legos have existed longer than the confederacy that is pathetic One of my legos is a lego grunt from Halo and I lose those things constantly but they've officially Lassie longer than the Confederacy They fumbled so bad that legos are officially older than them
its ok to... like the flag right? Right??
“It’s our herit-“ Bro I’m from England, I can tell you that don’t mean dick
Regardless of if the Confederacy had _any_ good reason to secede, the whole slavery thing kinda automatically puts it in the bad bin.
Fun fact before the confederacy was created abe lincon had no intention to abolish slavery and about halfway through the war he made the war not about keeping the states together and made it about abolishing slavery
I have a _few_ accounts that have lasted longer than the Confederacy ...I'm 13
Friendly reminder that it’s completely justified to report Chris135x and his alt account “boneappleteeth”. He repeatedly spreads misinformation. He harasses people and makes hateful comments like “slavery is based”.
The reason so many people desperately want to paint it as irrelevant "history" (big quotes given what's still going on) is because white people can't stop viewing the victims of slavery as side characters in some type of broader story... Those were main characters. Thats why Roots is so good.
Welcome back Chris, also get a job.
Why am I getting this on confederacy day the holiday in Mississippi
STATE RIGHT AND IT WASN'T WEAK THEY STOOD STRONG AGAINST A MUCH MORE POWERFUL NATION FOR FIVE YEARS WITH ANIMALS HELPING YOU
I thought that was going to mean Douglas MacArthur.
Anybody with a confederate battle flag does not know their history because do not glorify any of the war part of the Civil War because it was so bloody damn gruesome. On both sides in this part, the north is the lesser evil Lincoln, which is very good at how he approached this and I don’t even think some of these processors are necessarily racist, but they’re not in anywhere near as competent Good example this is Buchanan.
Theres so many same people under this comment section You Americans really have nothing better to do than to argue under a YouTube video about something happened almost 2 century's ago? Like jesus Christ i saw about 20+ people who made at least 100+ comments EACH under this single video like what the actual fuck
Lmao, one defense I saw for it was “southern pride”
Why are neo-confederates so easy to offend? Edit: Anyways thanks for proving me right.
a list of things that have existed for longer than the confederacy did: - covid - bill wurtz' entire history of the world, I guess - the *_E_* meme - the bite of '87 - the last time I did my taxes
It's even funny that the supporters the Confederate, they don't really use the actual Confederate flag, they usually use the Battle Flag of the Army of Tennessee at that time, which popularize until mid 1910's, in the movie "The Birth of a Nation" (Movie that show the KKK like heroes and the Black people like retarded savages), besides that, the Confederacy also want to continue with an economy based on basically only Cotton Plantation and Slavery (trades and enforced jobs), imaging being in mid 1860's in the peak of industrialization and modernization, and you want to still continue with a "neo-feudal" system. So yeah, The Confederates not only are in the morally wrong side, the economic side also were wrong.  So even if in an hypotetical world, the Confederates States survive the civil war, they will eventually fall apart. This discussion always remembers me when people try to say "Hey the Nazi Germany is bad, BUT THE ALLIES" like buddy the Axis, were like, mass murdering civil people.
"Slavery is bad"   Baseball, huh?
Racists saying how black people "still haven't gotten over slavery" is peak irony when it's apparent that they haven't even gotten over losing their slaves.
Kinda funny Chris is completely ignoring the Neo-Nazi a couple of comments below this one. Yet he replies to any other comment dissing the Confederacy... curious isn't it?
You know it’s even worse than that especially considering how undemocratic the CSA was even discounting slavery. The secession commissioners that went to states to tell them why they should secede talked only about slavery and racism and nothing about states rights. And after the war kicked off the states of Missouri and Kentucky had elements which tried to forcibly and illegally try to get the states to secede and even after it was clear it would not work Jefferson Davis recognized those states as part of the confederacy. That’s not very states rights and most certainly not democratic.
States rights to own property
A quick list of things that have existed longer than the Confederacy:  Batman Toy Story Crayola Photoshop Sonic the Hedgehog  Godzilla LEGO The giant, life-size Gundam statue The Alarm Clock Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Air Fresheners Skylanders 3D Printers Shake Shack Ultraman Stop Motion Animation  You literally could make creating Stop Motion Animation your heritage at this point. “I come from a long line of animators. My father was an animator, like his father and his father before him.”
The confederacy was awesome
StAtEs RiGhTs
The confederacy more or less existed *within* the entire period it took to build the Norwegian parliament building. It literally took longer to build a relatively modest public building for the time than the existence of the entire "country"
What if slavery was the friends we made along the way?
Every time someone in my town proudly puts a Confederate flag in front of their house (Or wears Confederate jackets apparently) i rewatch this video
hi chat i hope everyone had a good easter
It's hilarious that i never said anything about me liking the idea of slavery and have talked about the Tenth Amendment...... And you clowns still insist that i support slavery. It's like you want me to be on board with slavery!
Tbf Slavery is bad, but its also one of the oldest Human Trades. Like everyone enslaved everyone during history. Even Africans Enslaved Each other, thats the main reason the world was flooded with Black Slaves. Bc African Kings catched and sold them for that specific reason. To enrich themselfs. It got so out of hand that the UK out of all Nations needed to invade said Kingdoms several fucking times to stop them.
I’m sexually attracted to Robert E Lee
State's rights to govern themselves. Idk why you npcs have problems with the Tenth Amendment.
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
You know what else was bad? Nazi Germany and people still support it too.
Anyone else notice that when you search up speeches and quotes made by confederates, not a single one ever mentions the term “states rights” ever. Not once, before or during the war. The term only came up years after the war. More specifically the term “states rights” was only brought up by confederate sympathizers. So for all these years with people trying to make the civil war seem like a conflict about states rights, not one person who was directly involved with the confederacy ever used the term.
The states right (the southern ones at least) to do whatever the fuck they wanted. I.e...slavery..🤣😂🤣
Nuh uh
Chris is an absolute menace in this comment section
I wonder whats the founding fathers take on releasing slaves and having them murdering your countrymen everyday. The confederates just wanted to protect their land and identity, blacks were irrelevant. Not even northenerns cared about blacks.
Geez, y'all still arguing in the comments section?
Hey I'm back and- Oh....  Chris randomly brought up abortion again... I know he ran out of things to say but that's just a sad attempt.
The loud house out lasted the confederacy!
Me (whose great great great grandpa almost got a cannonball-sized hole blown in his solar plexus while fighting to save my bro’s great great great grandpa from having to pick cotton in chains in 100 degree temperatures while being whipped): “Yeah no sh*t.”
I A Proud Southern Man Myself....nah Doobus right on this one.
Do your parents know about your boyfriend?
The biggest problem with the modern perspective of the civil war that videos like this promote is that it was simply and purely a "good vs evil" scenario, in that the South was somehow inheritantly racist and that ONLY thing the cared about was slavery.  Because as if there wasn't widespread racism in the Northern states too. And as if the federal government (the Union) didn't commit evils and atrocities of their own, such as mistresting and killing native indians and forcing them from their homes, which happened before, during, and AFTER the civil war. So don't pretend like this is something out of fiction and fantasy where there's a "good guy" and "bad guy" that you feel the need to root for and against.  We get it, slavery is bad. 99.9% of people today know this. But you people willing ignore the more truthful and accurate perspective of the war and the entire era in general, all for the sake of virtue signaling. You people are arguing with an invisible enemy to feel better about yourselves.
It's weird that most of you wanna talk about slavery so much. I bet you lost your mind when abortions went to the state governments to decide.
We shouldn’t have let the south back in the union. We’d be so much better off.
I wish politicians werent afraid to call out these racist sacks of shit and call out the confederacy for what it was.  A traitorous cadre of wealthy slave owners and 100s of thousands of blatent racists who attempted to form a slave state and killed 10s of thousands of their fellow citizens rather than treat black people as human beings.
Lincoln never wanted to abolish slavery, but he wanted to prevent its expansion of it. So it would naturally die out. But after the Southern states seceded and the attack at Ford Sumter, it would force his hand.
The only take one should have on the Confederacy. It was an evil government that only served to pit brother against brother, needlessly end many lives, and stall the progress of the nation
That and marry cousins
The slavers had it coming. . .
The problem I have is when people produce the Cornerstone speech and act as if Alexander H. Stephens said anything new, that racial view would’ve been mainstream across the U.S.. Lincoln gave a very similar speech in regard to race.
This is a fallacy because it’s based on the premise you’re arguing against someone defending the confederacy or trying to mitigate how inhumane slavery was. You can denounce the confederacy while still maintaining the ideological argument for state’s rights as the base of the civil war. That very concept still persists even today & likely you understood that on topics like Roe V. Wade as an example of where the federal government should or shouldn’t have jurisdiction.
1:01 ok that was actually kinda funny
oh well no shit
1:01 that is fucking hilarious
I was just thinking about this fucking video last night. Google is watching my every move.
David Tennant was Doctor Who longer than the Confederacy was a nation
Need to see a movie of Douglass and John becoming super heros and working together to solo the traitor rebellion
At this point I'm starting to think I shouldn't talk to a guy who claimed "Slavery is Based".
Gentlemen, grab your union blues and Springfield rifles… we’re adventuring into the godless, slave-glazing and racist depths of this videos “newest” comments section.
Tenth Amendment, people! State's rights to govern themselves! If you wanna talk about slavery so much then you're the problem.
1:02 ðe annoying orange is still uploading
To own farm equipment.
Lost Cause is conspiracy theory Ukrainians are fighting for their country and not for drugged addicted nazi oligarchy
Actually, Lincoln's inaugural address he supported the Corwin Amendment, which would have enshrined slavery in the constitution forever. He also basically said, "I don't actually care about ending slavery." in said address  He was basically like "gimme them fucking taxes and let me collapse your economy" (like the 4th largest in the world at the time)  The confederacy didn't have to be the good guys for Lincoln to be a bad guy. He's basically the reason the federal government got as big as it did when before saying "fuck you, no" was much more common.  Grant basically said "yeah you can leave the union but we're gonna kick your shit in if you try
“the sky is blue” ahh title 🥀💔
Off topic but apparently this video isn’t the only one with its own “Chris”. In one of the Atun Shei videos where they debunk the whole “war of northern of aggression”, there’s this guy going around multiple comments defending the confederates and claiming the north were the aggressors. To make it worse, his profile is named after a confederate senior officer. He’s named Patrick Cleburne. He’s incredibly stubborn and relentless. Just like Chris. Spy encountered him too. Patrick’s comments goes back months it seems. How many civil war related videos have their own Chris?
I'm pretty sure state rights typically refers to the states right to leave the union which most states believed they were free to leave as they were free to enter
This is very annoying that this is relevant and real now. These buttholes are really trying to do this again actively. And they have a leader.
Video is up.
DOOBAHOLICS
Genshin Impact lasted longer than the Confederacy and its still going strong
google cheerokee nation and civil war. then  look up cheerokee and cheyenne people as well.
Baseball, huh?
To whoever mentioned McCullough vs Maryland....... Here's what it was about and the courts decision:     "The Issue: The case centered on the constitutionality of Congress's authority to create a national bank and whether states could tax it.  The Court's Decision: The Supreme Court, led by Chief Justice John Marshall, sided with McCulloch and the federal government. The Court ruled that Congress had the power to create the bank based on the Necessary and Proper Clause, which allows Congress to make laws necessary to carry out its enumerated powers.  Significance: McCulloch v. Maryland is a landmark case because it established the doctrine of implied powers, expanding the scope of federal authority and affirming the principle of federal supremacy. The decision reinforced the power of the federal government and helped define the relationship between state and federal governments."
It's hilarious that you people genuinely hate me. I don't have any reasons to hate you. It says a lot about you. I don't agree with slavery. You don't even know what racism is! State's rights to govern themselves as the Tenth Amendment says!
We've been waiting for Hollow Knight: Silksong,  Longer than the confederacy lasted.
In 150 years after we have the abortion civil war we’re gonna have the same argument go down
I hate that @chris135x guy thats in the comments
Who’s here in 2025 ?
The confederacy really started a whole war (that they lost) over their "rights" to take away other people's rights
Chris135x has finally admitted to being a racist scumbag. He flat out said “slavery is based” in one of his replies
1:01 This is a pretty stupid argument
Chris, please come back home. Were all worried about you.
Anyone else noticing that Chris' arguments seem to actually be getting worse? He's not even really insulting people anymore, just kind of... saying "no your wrong". Conjures the image of someone crying while typing.
Trying this again cause you failed the last time.    State's rights to govern themselves. Either be an adult and talk about this or don't come to me acting like an illiterate, bigoted and ignorant clown.
Proud to say my people helped the confederacy
Self govern
The main reason behind the Confederacy Succeeding from the Union was because of Slavery which even though it was bad they had a quite valid reason to fight for it. Slavery was the way that the southern states got lots of its money in fact the southern states made around 70% of the income the us was getting through the selling of Cotton and other crops. Around this time without the help of the southern states the us debt went from 65 million to 2 billion in 5 years since they lost this key way of producing revenue. Another reason is that Lincoln just wasn’t on the ballot to vote for in the southern states which made a lot of southerners angry that a man that represented no one in the south won the election. Though slavery is bad I can somewhat understand where they were coming from.
The Confederacy was based
From what i was told it was both about slavery and the south being oppressed by the north through tariffs and taxes. I forget the exact specifics but thats the basics of what i was told (still i think the south shouldn't have had slavea but i also think there was more to it than hurr durr you have slaves and we dont want you two) edit: because people ate idiots they think I believe that the south was oppressed no I don't I was saying this is what I was taught and it might have not been fully about slavery because history is written by the Victor so if yall wanna message on how the first thing I said was wrong shut up
I remember seeing a YouTube video on someone saying why the confederate flag isn't bad, and what he was mostly saying was because of nostalgia...
I recall my 5th grade history teacher once said it was states rights…. To have and expand slavery
what’s really funny is that even ignoring the fact that, yknow, slavery = bad it’s also not even economically viable.  the south had little other to offer than basic goods like cotton and shit because slaves aren’t educated enough to do shit and the rich just yknow, managed uneducated people.  if the confederacy outlasted the annoying orange the south would probably have been in economic turmoil lmao.
Chris, stop defending the cuckfederacy
anyone in this thread play splatoon?
Back when I used TikTok, one of my favorite videos was one pointing out that the confederacy lasted half as long as the Lego ninjago tv show (though since it’s still going, that might be 1/3 by now…)
Is Chris still here lol?
Funniest still, the Confederacy would've kept their slavery if they'd decided to just not attack the Union.
I'm wondering, to this day: States' rights to do what?
Both Gundam and Transformers have existed for nearly 10x longer than the confederacy did, with Gundam pushing 50 years in 2029 and Transformers at 41 years.
Has anyone here played (or even heard of) the fan game New Super Mario Bros. VS?
I was gonna make a joke about Texas just wanting to be its own country again, but then other states decided that was a good idea too, but then I researched and found out that Texas was the seventh state to suceede, so I stopped myself from getting memed.
This may be nitpicking, but the confederacy did not actually stand for states rights on the issue of slavery. On the countrary: the constitution of the confederacy explicitly forbade states from abolishing or infringing upon slavery.
I’ve been alive longer than the third reich AND the confederacy COMBINED! TAKE THAT HITLER AND JEFF DAVIS, I STILL LIVE AND YOU DONT
You guys act like slavery was that bad
I have a few problems with this. I am from the south, but I do agree at slavery is bad in pure evil but first off the The north was as racist as the south they didn’t really like do that slavery thing now not every was as racist as the slave on in south and also same thing the south a lot of Southerners in only slaves. It was just the high class who did another thing is that yeah the Civil War was kind of gray and it was stupid. Literally was Gray comparison soldiers wear gray uniform uniforms now I agree Connie was kind of a weird idea and was bad when he stood for now the north like I said was as racist as the south, but that’s besides the point who has better cultures, the south Louisiana, Texas, Alabama, Mississippi, Virginia. All the states are sovereign, and even geographically Hawaii is technically sovereign, geographically, but actually like what we know south Louisiana colonized by the French in Spanish the birth of Cajuns and jazz also we control the whole oil supply so we can just like just if we turn it off all those yanks powers are off like-that and Wright, Texas i’ve been there before and it’s a Florida. Also, I forgot about i’m not a very nice place Florida. sorry the Sim card doesn’t make sense. :D
State's right to govern themselves. None of you are capable of taking about this. You'll take about anything besides this. Why? Because you're Ignorant!
LOLLL I LOVE THIS
It wasn't about slavery, the Confederacy had a plan to abolish it same as the north, Lincoln lied and made the war about slavery cause bitch boy was losing and needed manpower he didn't give a shit bout blacks he gave a shit bout victory doh... The south will rise again I swear it.. even if we lose again and again we will never give up.. we might rise peacefully or violently idk but we will RISE.
Im just wondering how much did one coast........guaranteed poor ppl didn't have em
Oh, Jhon Brown 🎶 :) 1:13
I think I have some pairs of underwear that outlasted the confederacy
And a more deeply hypocritical aspect was the south petitioning northern states to overturn laws protecting run away slaves . The South doesn't seem to care much about the Norths "States Rights"
7.2K dislikes.  7.2K people can't handle the truth.
Weve been waiting for silksong long than the Confederacy existed
Lego monkie  kid lasted longer
dude malding over a video for 8 months is kinda crazy (@ that one guy in the replies here)
**sees title** Huh. Ya don't say?
Happy 160th Confederate surrender day
The only "gray" part of the Civil war was the confederacys uniforms.
Cant believe the democrats wanted to keep slavery in the 1860's
It's still counted as a defeated enemy faction. Its vessels that were never recovered after being sunk are considered enemy vessels when marked on undersea maps.
I had little idea that this video would be the start of a running gag for this channel, but here we are 😂
I rather be a pig than a confederate.
"States rights to do what?"       Secede
I live and die for Dixie away away I live and dieeeee for Dixie for dixie
Geometry dash is older than the confederacy, GEOMETRY DASH
Thank you so much for making this
Most poetic part: Lincoln: "I am not going to abolish slaver-" South: *Secedes anyway* Lincoln: "Ok now I might as well just do it."
I think it's time for a video on tariffs and how dumb they are and how stupid the ppl responsible are for starting these tariffs
Hey Chris, what do you think about General Lee?
Confederacy was a ✡️ hierarchical state with the jewish master owning the black slaves. The union was based
Hot take: owning another human being is kinda bad, dare I say disgusting  Please don't attack me
I have no idea why the annoying orange is being roped into this, but i want to understand so bad
I'll try this again and if you clowns try to avoid what i say, you're the problem. Not me.    State's rights to govern themselves. Talk about this or just admit you're not smart enough to go into that.
The fact this is a controversial thing to say
Ok while I agree that the Confederates where wrong on the slavery thing and yes they didn't deserve to win because of that now a day's we southerners fly the Confederate flag for a different reason and it's because we're proud to be southern and the Confederate flag is more or less just the southern flag now  And for my fellow southerners that think the Confederacy was in the right  No no we weren't  If you ignore the slavery thing ya I could agree but it's like saying Thanos did nothing wrong  The only real wrong the north did was screwing the South over so much that we still haven't recovered from that war  The TLDR for the people that don't want to read that much  In conclusion the Confederate flag can stand for southern pride now instead of what it stood for originally because slavery is bullying but worse and the only wrong the north did in that war was screwing the South over so bad that we still haven't recovered
As horrific as slavery and slave-owning was, it’s important to note that people like Washington and Jefferson who you use as models for your country were viscous slave owners who abused and violated their slaves in a variety of different ways. Since they lived in the 19th century, you can’t have it one way and not the other 😅
This is a year old? I thought it was days old. Because EVERYONE is whitewashing history like its a tik Tok dance 🩰
My phone lasted longer than the Confederacy
sTatEs rIgHtS tO Do wHaT
The least patriotic American
Doobus has the honor of the 69th New York Irish Volunteers now
You people are clowns and you don't even know why. Ignorant clowns.
Neo confederates: It was a grey conflict!  Also neo confederates: They have this one good quality which automatically justify all the bad!
In fairness slavery was actually just the final straw. The south had been feeling unheard and ignored by government for nearly twenty years by that point. They were already feeling more oppressed than represented, like the North was just dictating over them rather than working with them, and had for a very long time.  But that IS the only fair credit they get. The fact the last straw was what it was earns bad marks just the same.  But knowing in detail how and why it got to that point is kind of important to learning how to avoid a repeat. It really wasn't just a hissy fit just because slavery was taken away. That is sure what SET IT OFF but what CAUSED it was a lot more complex than that.
Them confederates(not even gonna make the c capital) be like: Well, there was more to than just slavery like uhm... Even more slaver! Yeh, that'll do it!
YOU MAKE THE GOVERNMENT PAY FOR YOUR FUCKING BIG MACS.   IS THAT THE REASON YOU LIKE MARX?
the wait between Breath of The Wild and Tears of The Kingdom was longer than the confederacy
Just realized that the thing on the "history" blob's face is a mustache, not a nose
You mean the war of northern aggression
nah this just classic republican propaganda
that grey man didn't even tried to hide the actual reason why confederate states was formed
State's rights to govern themselves. If you can't or don't want to talk about that, why are you here?
The confederacy lasted roughly 4 years. Some things that are longer than the time the confederacy existed: Highest playtime of gmod on steam: about 12.7 years The presidency of Barack Obama: 8 years The American Revolutionary War: 8 years The civil rights movement: 14 years The Iraq war: 8 years Yugoslav wars: 10 years
this comment section man
i'm so glad my school actually taught us things
I wonder why my government feels that it has the right to so much of my money.
State's right to secede.
Very relevant considering what theyre trying to do to the education system now
Imagine just being able to vote and then being thrust into the great depression
The fundamental idea of slavery was not racist; it was largely economically driven.
I’m seeing the pattern with Chris and he’s like a reverse turtle. Instead of hiding in his shell when being attacked, he pops out his head when he’s being attacked. He’s baiting people to mock him, just for him to play victim and act smart. I’m sure some of you also noticed it too. Whenever someone uses facts and evidence against him, he retreats in his shell and puts up a barrier around him. Pretending you and the argument you made doesn’t exist or trying to deflect by bringing up something unrelated. But the moment anyone stops taking him seriously and starts ridiculing/attacking him, he immediately pops out of his shell and plays the victim. He tries to make it seem that the other person is the fool with no arguments and tries to make himself look like an intellectual. It’s infuriating and possibly worse than a regular troll. He’s done this pattern repeatedly
Many modern country's today still have slavery like India is Number 1 on the list with over 11 Million Slaves! China is Number 2 with Oppressive Laws for Minorites in their Country. Pakistan is Number 4 on the list, if the confederacy still existed they would be Number 4 on the list with Pakistan Behind Them, and I don't see many videos talking about it, I'm not defending the confederates since i know how harsh the slaves were treated but we don't need to turn a blind eye on this in the modern world, let the past be the past and lets foucus on stuff Today happening right now while im typing this comment and your probably calling me a country hillbilly confederate in the replies (Even tho im not) ,let people be dumb and support these ungodly morals and support a evil country like the confederates. My final message, Stop Modern Slavery
Get Douglas’d
Blacks have key figures in the media and academia telling whites to buy a random black person tickets to the fucking Black Panther movie.  This PROVES that blacks aren't marginalised today in America.
I Mean, the Confederacy Fought To Own Slaves. They Existed, Like Nazi Germany. They Didn't Want To Kill Slaves More Than They Wanted To Own Them. So If Your Gonna Defend Something Evil, Don't Be A Pussy Defending It. Take Your Stand, Like the Confederates Did. Like the Germans Did. Good God It Seems the New Generations Are Missing Out the Common Sense Gene Pool and Are Selecting the Self Destruction Path, I Mean, Hell, Fuck It, Why Not. We're All Sinners, Some People Seem To Think They Might As Well Make A Mess of the World For When God Comes Back. And People Wonder Why God Flooded the Earth the First Time Around :/
Hi @chris135x, how’s it going?
Why is "state's rights to govern themselves" racist?
Me when a stupid children’s meme outlived the worst institution imaginable
state's rights to choose literally whatever they want vs some authoritarian outside power... Kinda like how the whole Roe V wade things works now. and lets be honest the few states that VOTED for it to be changed there have it their way and yall mad like children. meanwhile many states either expanded or kept those federal rulings. A lot fewer people are now living under something they morally disagree with. is either great? no, nothing is dont be a low iq peassant. but a more localized govt is def better especially if you really want accountability. but i guess most of you just talk to low iq people who cant answer a basic question thats taught in school.  not sure why yall cant understand the answer to your own question is to not have someone else tell me what to do (imagine a little kid listening to some random stranger vs their parent. most of us would tell the stranger to **** off). and before you cry about slavery, if you own anything made in china you a hypocrite. just stop while your ahead.
“There was more to the to the confederacy than slavery”  6 Confederate soldiers went on to become the founding members of the KKK!
To all my anti-communists out there I have a question. Is race-mixing communism? Yes or No?
Chris, please define the word “offended”. You seem to only use it as a buzzword whenever we are debating with you
When you compare the present to the past Like that yeah it does sound bad because it was but when you compare the past to the present you kinda wonder what the states would looked like if they had their own sovereignty. Less power for the feds? Who doesn't want that these days.
You keep supporting the Democrat Party and Marx when they were the ones who set society back because Marx WAS bad.  The only reason you like him is because you need the government to pay for your Obama care.
Not enough og confederates anymore all of them fakers (this is joke no legal pls)
A big part of it was that they felt Abraham Lincoln infringed on their states' rights and taking away the economic gain they had amassed from slavery (which was a hefty amount). While I'm not defending them, looking at the confederacy through such a narrow scope without considering the economic tensions that this caused is ignorant.
The Confederate States government told a bunch of lies to get people to fight and die to protect their right to own slaves. And legions of idiots still believe those same lies today.
The guy literally said  “rests upon the great truth that the ***** is not equal to the white man. That slavery—subordination to the superior race—is his natural and moral condition”
annoying orange is trump right
Lincoln didn’t wanna end slavery, just end its expansion, which if effectively ending it but isn’t technically ending it. Just a nitpick. It would be the first nail in the coffin for the institution, that’s for sure
This, but with Trump and him being Fascist, fits so well i cant--
As somebody from the south the amount of mental gymnastics people will put themselves through trying to defend the confederacy is simultaneously hilarious and disheartening.
wjats the confederacy
Slavery was bad but the entire south economy relied on slavery and without it the south would collapse and the people would starve
>Hates Democrats >Defends the Confederacy, which was run by the Democrats >Doesn't consider the party switch to be real Either this is a great example of doublethink or somehow they get dementia and forget half of their talking points when they are questioned. If the party switch never happened then why are most of the Confederacy defenders Conservatives and/or Republicans? You can't have your cake and eat it too!
Interestingly enough, the real answer is that they wanted the states right to secede from the nation as was their constitutional right.  But there were other reasons people claimed it was fought.  It wasn't a simple issue at all. There was government overreach and military ordered destruction of cities, and there was the internment of our fellow man. It was a very multifaceted issue.
Yeh, democrats still haven't changed.
0:46 STATES RIGHTS DO WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Confederate sucking trolls in this comment section should get a life. 290,000 people they are defending lost theirs.
The only reason you like Marx is because you want the government to pay for your soy lattes.
They legitimately cannot even use the “heritage” argument because that implies that both institution for slavery and the Confederacy was in place for far longer than they themselves were alive for. Slavery was already dying out in the Western world even before the Civil War and the Confederacy as described in this video lasted less than The Annoying Orange. So therefore if you want something to be “a heritage” have it stand the test of time for 100 years and THEN we can debate whether it’s worth being a “heritage” or not
Yeah slavery is wrong. Because it's about controlling someone else's life. It's against being a free individual. But at the same time, the individual state governments have the Constitutional right to have their own laws, taxes and regulations. This applies to literally anything and you're the problem if you INHERENTLY make it about slavery.
This explains why people get triggered when I try to talk about Federalism and states rights...I'm not refering to slavery or the civil war I'm literally just talking about semi-local government and local government...but if they think I'm trying to gloss over slavery and the south...yeah...it makes sense...
States rights to lose the war and become irrelevant
Been nearly 4 months since I left this comment section. We still got confederacy lovers gunking up the place?
Slavery is not only imoral, but incredibly ineffective. You become responsible for a life and that's far less efficient than just paying someone for their work. The only reason someone would be for slavery is if they get some sort of sick pleasure from owning somebody else.
I'm glad to see comments are still sewerage water
If yall liberals done did some research you'd ve found that the union wasnt any less racist.. history is written by victors only 4 out of the 11 csa supported slavery and it was in the constitution pureley because of the president. Dixie fought for a fair life while the union fought for taxes and unfair distribution.. union was just an oppressor, abe was essentially hitler of his time.. its all propaganda! The union came to atlanta, georga JUST to BRUTTALLY MURDER KIDS AND WOMEN! Thats who youre supporting a band of murderers that despite having a much larger army, still nearly lost! Now for younger folks: "dixie is like arthur morgan and union like micah bell" dixie was loyal and treasured values like personality, family ect. While the union, a band of traitors and oppressors only cared about money and ruining  poor fair dixie.. dixieland's soldiers fought for their country and pureley for that, while the union army only fought for the money... Greedy bastards they were.. I dont know how you idolise people that antagonised their enemy instead of respecting them, did warcrimes just to make sure they won.. Thats ill.. so are liberals... Use your head for more than just a hat rack and think for once..
The wait for GTA6 is longer than the Confederacy's lifespan 💀
1:14 what song is this
YOUR GONA CELEBRATE A CONTRY SO FUCKING WEAK THAT I OUTLIVED IT
Completely off topic but I'm going to debate a Neo-Nazi soon in another comment section I think, wish me luck lol.
What the hell happened in this comment section
Have any of you seen Inglorious Basterds? Just curious.
Who else heard about the African woman in the UN who was caught and put on trial for having people work for her for free? The member of the United Nations was caught having slaves! A black woman from Africa!
Travis Scott has been out of the Fortnite item shop longer than the confederacy has existed 😭😭😭
I'm back to offer another review. Chris has gone missing after claiming we all like slavery because we're slaves to our government???  I'm honestly not sure what his anti-government take has to do with his "Parties never swapped" theory. Guess desperation to win an argument finally set in.  Or maybe the sheer amount of self-contradictions he lived under got to him.  Delusional or not, he's still a human being. Hope he's okay.
Not to jinx it, but did chris finally give up
The Confederacy failed in America. Could a Confederacy succeed in Central America? Imagine by 2030, that Central America, united from Guatemala to Panama under the Confederate states of Central America. They tried to do a federation, but they couldn't get it together. So how about a confederation?
white people deserve a homeland
This preachy ahh video screams "Do better".
At this point, the doobus goobus confederacy video comment section cinematic universe has gotten so complex, that we need a recap episode.
Travis Scott has been missing from the fortnite item shop longer than the confederacy
Love seeing Goobus do a Checkmate Lincolnites 💯🫡
WERE GOING DOWN TO DIXIE
The wait for GTA VI has lasted longer than the Confederacy
The wait for GTA6 has lasted longer than the Confederacy
Nobody benefits from slavery. This should be so obvious and still yet neo confederates are trying to challenge it
"bUT itS ouR hERiTagE!"  Yeah, there heritage of taking massive L's 😂😂😂
Most Civil War battles were fought in The South. The majority of the brave Southerners who sacrificed their lives did not own slaves. They were fighting for the security of their state, not slavery. I'm a Minnesotan, if it matters. (YT has again censored one of my replies, per usual. To BrandonLyon230, free traitor Confederate globalists started The Civil War, obviously. Most of The South's illiterate fighters didn't understand that wage free competition kept THEM poor, too. No comparison to Germany because they were among the best educated people on Earth. The NAZI plan was total domination of Europe for 1000 years, not so with even Confederate leadership, who felt that they were just trying to preserve what they had.
I don't get they pointed if they want state rights to slavery so it about slavery in the end of the day.
COME VISIT SUDAN WHERE YOU CAN STILL TAKE A SHOWERS WITH COW PISS!!!  WHY MAXINE WATERS GO THERE AND TELL THEM THIS IS NOT AFRICAN CULTURE!
I've seen so many people defend the "rebel" flag and saying its their heritage, i live in Kentucky, Kentucky was a union state, its not our heritage
"Away down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators, right away! Come away! Right away, right away, come away!"
Back after awhile,  good to know in a world of inconsistency and lies i can count on Chris to never stop being a pompusass
What's wrong with disliking the Confederacy? And what's wrong with disliking Slavery?
I've got the Union remix of the dixie song as my alarm. It wakes me up without the normal rage I feel from the normal sound.
Slavery is wrong but for some reason...... Many of you are fine with being a slave to a government. Imagine that! You DO like slavery!
62,427 comments? Oh boy!
Ok,as funny and completely justified as it is to make fun of the Confederacy,we do know the answer to the question. State's Rights to choose whether to allow or abolish slavery. The slavery-dependent Southern states literally couldn't *afford* to get rid of slavery, heck,of their 9 milion people,4 milion were slaves. When we say dependent,we Mean The South was literally treating the practice of slavery like crack cocaine. Then there's the ideological contrast,which is a whole other can of worms that would take TOO LONG to get to the bottom of (and i most prolly don't know enough to sustain the discussion). This all contributes to yet ANOTHER confederate L, because they can't even remember their main contrast with the North.
Things are so seldom grey. Grey is the refusal to separate right from wrong, or the inability to separate fact from fiction.
is there such a thing as voluntary slavery? *Note: Do NOT say BDSM or S&M*
GUYS HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN ARGUING IGNORE THEM ITS RAGEBAIT
GTA 6 wait will be almost triple how long the confederacy survived
Fascism in Italy lasted 4 times the Confederacy. Another comparison that could be made is that, according to article 139 of the Italian constitution,"The republican system of government must not be subjected to revision(no altering Italy's form of government,prohibiting totalitarianism and single party rule) and disposition 12 (which prohibits any acts aimed towards reconstructing and/or reinstating the fascist party), Fascism has been fully illegalized. The comparison? That anything aimed towards the reinstating of slavery,and thus the Confederacy,is directly unconstitutional in the US. Therefore,given being pro confederacy is being pro slavery practically always, confederate supporters should be prosecuted. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.
I have a body pillow of Rodion Raskolnikov that has white stains all over it
I fucking haaate the US government but the second I here "We'll All go down to dixie" I become a red blooded patriot
Chris are you here to debate or to spew ad homeniums?
0:04 Why did Doobus Goobus spell gray using a an E?
Lincoln would be rolling in his grave knowing that the people that fly the confederate flag nowadays call themselves “republicans”
It's our heritage!  It was five years the annoying orange was around longer.  That is the funniest shit I've ever heard
Robert E. Lee was the first to discover black people's extraterrestrial origin so he proposed a peace with the aliens to hide them from society and outer space in exchange for cheap labor; he used the guise of "white supremacy" and "slavery" under the confederate states of America to keep the black aliens concealed.  Everyone found out about the Blackoids which made America go to war over the possession of them.  But without Robert E. Lee, and the visitors, America wouldn't be where it is today in terms of economic growth.  That's also why Africans have alien DNA.
The fact that the Annoying Orange last long HELL the fact that Overwatch 2 last longer than the Confederacy should tell everything
"We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant." -Karl Popper.
I just kissed ILOVECHINA-JINPING, my pookie bear
"Get Douglas'd"
"its about a person's right to free speech..."  "Oh yeah? Free speech to say what?"
i also win arguments against my self
Guys this chris fella lost every argument he started under this video and doesn`t even realize it. He constantly does ad hominems, gets every fact he proposes wrong and when he then gats called out for it, he says You dont know what racism is(perfect projection) witout explaining what he thinks it is. What a clown. And some people will go throuhg this commentsection, read his comment and side with him. And if you are that person, pls just pls, dont be a fool( sorry for the spelling, english isnt my native language
I once had a confederacy defender try and say that slavery wasn't the "cause" of the Civil War in the same way that the death of Archduke Ferdinand wasn't the "cause" of WWII.   The nonexistant logic, combined with the fact that Ferdinand's death started WWI, not WWII, told me all I needed to know.
This was made by a real posterity of the people who founded this country.   Yes, the Confederacy was a Piece of Real Donkey Brown Stank Cake.   Anyways, the Trumpers would be the next Piece of Real Donkey Brown Stank Cake. They and their view of American Constitutionality as well as Christian Nationalism.   Plus they are literally saying they are making America as the founders had wanted while re-electing someone involved in insurrection against the United States because he didn't want someone to beat him in a re-election.   Hypocrisy never looked so red.
Facts
You know what I think we should start something called skin communism! (I have no idea if this was a existing idea or not) basically skin color doesn't exist! Doesn't matter white,black,Mexican and what not no no no no no you just called where you come from! (PLEASE DON'T ATTACK ME I DON'T KNOW IF THIS IS RACIST TO SAY I DON'T KNOWWWW)  *CRYS IN CORNER*
My dad has the confederate flag as his front car plate.
Ey Chris, my guy. Why do you ignore the monarchist who hates your country?
You clowns still away the parties switched but you can't make sense of it. You still think a mob mentality means you know something here. That's not how it works.
Chris claims the parties never switched but hasn't actually found a way to explain how or why republicans are supporting the confederacy if they're supposedly the non-racist and lincoln party
States Rights to keep the Federal Government in check as part of the system of checks and balances, of course if you weren't too lazy and stupid to do your own research, perhaps you could have discovered that on your own.
1:03 THE FUCKING ANNOYING ORANGE
*get douglass'd*
crazy that the democrats were the confederates and the democrats wanted slaverly just how now they want illegals for cheap labor some things never change
I sometimes wonder how the US can be united despite so many problems, if people can't agree on something as simple as human rights....
And if anyone says "it was for taxes." Hit them with "NEW YORK PAID MORE TAXES THEN THE ENTIRE SOUTHERN STATES COMBINED." That'll shut them up
0:58 he looks straight out of an analog horror series right here
Annoying orange in doobus makes me happy
"But they needed slavery for the economy!" Oh wait, only the poorer people would have suffered from that while rich elite would have been just fine.   What a surprise.
I know who this is about now
Im not sure I've ever seen a picture of Alexander Stephens before. He looks exactly like a white supremacist. And if he were here today he would absolutely LOVE meth.
Yeah people do forget about the party switch
Things that have outlived the Confederacy: Hatsune Miku (and all other vocaloids) Annoying Orange DnD Basically anyone who lived past being a CHILD
The north weren't against slavery, they had just already managed to convert their slave infrastructure to abused immigrants. That doesn't work in the field, only in the manufacturing plant but the northern cities couldn't manufacture anything without the souths resources so they demanded them. The south was basically independent thanks to their slaves. Lincoln only released the slaves to gain support for the north conquering the south.  If it were actually about freeing the slaves, I'd be lighting the Mississippi ablaze with the blue coats but thats just not what happened
So ILOVECHINA-JINPING literally thinks black people are outer space aliens now. He either is absolutely brain dead or just a rage bait troll, either way we should just stop communicating with them and give them no more attention.
The best part is that the North used the states rights card when defying the various runaway slave acts and it was the South who was pressuring the Federal government to exert more power to enforce them.
Yeah. Very clever. I would also consider the fact that Lincoln wasn't going to abolish slavery. Obviously the main reason the south seceded was because they were afraid Lincoln would take away their slaves. He wasn't. It was a paranoia that in the long run actually ended up in them shooting themselves in the foot.  You're probably not intentionally lying. But you should still know that. Well. You are. He said "I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so." See the confederacy has been demonized incredibly well by the North. Because it's interesting how Lincolns original plan EVEN AFTER the south seceded was to keep slavery. His main war goal originally was "Regain control of the southern states" However once England threatened to join on the Confederate side, Lincoln issued the emancipation proclamation. Making the war goal to "End slavery after regaining control of the southern states" The reason he did this was not because he wanted to. But because England had already banned slavery. And couldn't fight (At least in the public's view) for slavery. See, even during the war 4 slave states still remained in the union. Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri. Because HE WASN'T GOING TO END SLAVERY. But don't get it twisted. The confederacy was not who started the war. Although they probably didn't de-escalate at Fort Sumter. The president of the CSOA was Jefferson Davis. He said, "All we ask is to be let alone." Lincoln even said, “If I could save the Union without freeing any slave, I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves, I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone, I would also do that.” His goal was to preserve the union. Not end slavery. So, you can't just use the argument of "They supported slavery" Because guess what. The union did too. By allowing 4 slave states to stay and do just that. Slavery. Until it became an issue of Europe intervening. I like how you use that quote from the confederate VP as well. Because guess what? I have a quote of my own from the great 16th President Lincoln himself. "I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races ... I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of Negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races from living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be a position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race." - Abraham Lincoln.
If my country tried what the confederacy tried, I wouldn't feel pride.
The point isn't "states' rights to do what", but to have the federal Government honor its obligations that it had contracted with the Southern states to abide by. The only way slavery related to this is the Confederate States didn't like the Federal Government flip-flopping on the Missouri Compromise and the Fugitive Slave Law. In other words, the seceding Confederate states were accusing the federal Government of breaking its promises, not the right to own slaves.
The Confederates were all Democrats.  The Republican Party was founded to fight slavery.  Democrats today claim the parties flipped, but they refused to clap for an African American boy last night because they never flipped.
TBF, the confederacy flag looks WAY better...
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS
My great great grandfather had one of the highest K/D's in the south until he got put in a fuckin bot lobby at Gettysburg where his teammates completely sold dick, the VC was unreal in that match.
You all keep telling lies about history.
Chris135x entire vocabulary:   “Clown”  “Buddy”  “Kid”  “You don’t know”  Very small and limited just like his brain and supposed “knowledge” of the civil war.
“Who’s gonna pick the crops for less than minimum wage????”
The wait between Smash bros Melee and Brawl was longer than the confederacy's lifespan.
Fun fact: the flag shown is only the war flag for the confederate states the reason they didn’t use the real one is it was to similar to the union flag (the confederate also had a copy of the Somalia flag but that changed after more states changed
I make out with Rodion Raskolnikov there I said it
I love how Fredrick Douglass appears at the end
Robert E Lee freed the slaves on his plantation
It took longer to develop Concord than the Confederacy
1:02 MOLDED ROTTING SLOWLY DECAYING
0:39 Clone High reference
Pianosaurus lasted longer than the confederacy. PIANOSAURUS!
i wish i can like this vid again
We’ve waited longer for the next gta game than the confederacy was even an idea for
Why didn't Lincoln just let the South leave?  Never understood this.  There's no way the southern states would've ever joined the union in the late 1700's if they'd had been told at the time "K, just be aware, we're gonna outlaw slavery here in about 70 years".  The North should've just let the South leave.  If Ontario ever votes to leave Canada, do you think the rest of Canada would vote to send young men and women to invade and kick Ontario's ass?
Union people: Slavery is wrong     Also Union people: WE THINK BLACK PEOPLE AND HISPANIC PEOPLE NEED TO VOTE EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE DEMOCRATS AND RELY ON THE GOVERNMENT FOR EVERYTHING!!"
“Yeah, but among those concerns are slavery, so I don’t care.”  Exactly! That’s like saying that because one of Hitler’s concerns was infrastructure, that the Holocaust was a morally gray instead of obviously evil. Like yeah, he cared about roads, BUT HIS MAIN CONCERN WAS FUCKING KILLING JEWS AND OTHER MINORITIES.
Whatever side you choose, we can all agree that the song   "Dixie"  Slaps.   Explanation for you union peas:  The song Dixie was made before the Confederacy in 1859 by Daniel Decatur Emmett.  He was from Ohio and was an abolitionist.  The name "Dixie" or "Dixie Land" does not mean the Confederacy but instead it means the southern states of the U.S.A  The Confederacy used the song since they live in Dixie.
Fun fact: The flag he used is not the confederate flag   It is the confederate battle flag.  It was used by a part of the Confederate army to make them recognizable from union troops.
If slavery being wrong is merely (you the reader's) individual preference then you have no grounds to say slavery is wrong because it is just the other person's preference that it is not wrong.
Yeah it was about slavery but most people fighting on the confederate side were poor and had never even owned slaves, instead fight for pride of the south.  And no I don’t support the confederacy
Why did the constitution of the confederacy have a section about not allowing the emancipation of slaves.
As a Southerner I hate when people say the Confederacy was "our heritage."  There are many parts of Southern history that are worth respecting. The Confederacy and the abhorrence of slavery and racism is not among those parts.
How are people giving this man death threats for being honest and a good person with morales
And the confederacy was the democratic party... while the north was republicans.. but they won't tell you that part.
You're the true patriot DG
The wait for Dead Island 2’s release lasted longer than the confederacy.
Very nice way of showing how you cant steel man the other side. Your too ideologically captured.  Edit: i don't agree with slavery obviously, i'm saying we should have an actual dialog rather then ranting about earlier shower arguments you had in you're own head.
Wow Doober Goober, I cannot believe you're the first to ever speak up about the Confederacy being bad! I mean, who would've thought that in all these years, no one has said anything negative about it until YOU decided to speak up about it and compare it to the annoying orange or something. You're so brave, and i bought your t-shirt.
If the federal government these days can make laws that apply to all the States without starting civil wars, why did the federal government start a civil war in the 1860s?
Thought I'd take a break from debating to ask what everyone's favorite band/artist is.
So Chris is once again saying that the North could've helped solve the slavery issue by introducing a minimum wage law. Can someone explain how such a thing would solve slavery because I definitely don't see how the two even correlate?
The majority of you here are really telling people they "support slavery" when they never said anything about liking that idea. You wanna call everyone "racist" when you don't know what racism is. You wanna be ignorant about the fact that the east side of the USA allowed slavery, not just the south.
Union Dixie GOES HARD
"But it's our heritage" Oh I am about to pull the funniest shit ever as a German.
Their military wasn't even good either.  long term sacrifices for short term gains, bad logistics even though they were on the defense, poorly concealed sensitive information, and to top it all off their best general was shot BY HIS OWN MEN!
StatesRightsToDoWhat
The entirety of the Confederate economy was ran on slavery. Their economy would not function without it.   It would be like saying "my computer stopped working because of MANY factors like dust, malware, oh and also i unplugged it I guess but thats not the main reason"
Jonah Hex had the best reason: Independence.  And he abondonded the south when he leant they would continue that barbarism.
Everyone in the replies of the comments talking about how there’s so much more to it, yeah. He covered that *in the video* dude. AMONG THOSE CONCERNS WAS SLAVERY.
Been a week, I'm back to check on Chris. And... Yeah the usual. He keeps flip flopping on that argument, it seems he went full circle. Still completely ignoring what others tell him, yet still ask the same exact questions. I think I see an alt in there scuddling around again. I see he's still getting angry and deflecting, irony is funny to me.   Not very eventful from the looks of it this time around. At least cooler Chris is back.  Alright, I'll be back next week.
KKK is the Democratic Party
State rights to bully the federal government into overturning another state's rights, apparently. Because the confederacy got pissy about Northern states refusing to deport escaped slaves under their own state rights and it was specifically that which led to them becoming traitors.  Funny how that works.
If it was all about slaves why was there 2 years of war before the Emancipation Proclamation?
You guys know that lincoln wrote the Emancipation Proclimation 3 years into the war right? It was used as a calling card to unite the north. It worked, thankfully. But saying it was always about absolishment is intentionally whitewashing it to make the US government look like the good guy. Both sides did alot of awful shit, the north was just smart enough to use Slavery as a selling point for the war effort.
No sh*t sherlock,bananas are yellow,how genuis of you.
The only southern states that can argue the states right path would be Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee and Arkansa since they only joined the rebellion AFTER the union called upon 75,000 troops after Fort Sumpter plus slavery wasnt as important to these states as appose to the deep south. Not saying they are justified in their actions since the Confederacy were the aggressors so it makes no sense why they see the Union forming an army to punish the rebels as wrong.
Literally state's rights to govern themselves. Why is that wrong? If you can't tell me then maybe you need to stfu?
The Spy X Family manga lasted longer than the confederacy
I'm surprised he didn't bring up the Golden Circle.
The towers stood longer than the Confederacy
Is Jr Melendez (Chris135x) even a real person?
the states rights were to keep federal troops from interfering with state government
I am a southern sympathizer who avoids valid questions like the plague, defelects criticism with mediocre at best insults, twists peoples words, and plays the victim.
The American Civil War is a really complicated topic. While slavery was the central issue, most soldiers fighting on both sides didn't really care. They were either fighting to preserve the Union or were fighting against what they were told was a tyrannical government. For them, America was the state they were living in. Most of them never even left their home states. They could have easily been fighting for the other side depending on whether their states voted to remain in the Union or secede along with the Confederacy.
You people on the USA have so many pretty things to celebrate and yet there are some that choose to celebrate the losers??
at the time of writing this, BENDY AND THE INK MACHINE HAS EXISTED DOUBLE THE AMOUNT OF TIME THE CONFEDERACY DID
Union Dixie is cringe
Chris if you’re gonna continue argue with us, at least come up with comebacks that aren’t all “Oh you clowns are offended by this, grow up!”
Some Americans say that the Confederation was right, others that the North was right, and both are unable to present arguments and rely on emotions, tearing out only those fragments that suit their needs. And honestly, I don't know which side irritates me more xD
Transformers, Marvel, etc have lasted longer than the Confederacy. Transformers, something that almost died in the 90's and survived because of Beast Wars and so on
The doritolocotaco from Taco Bell lasted longer than the confederacy lol
what if spy tf2 and chris were in a romantic relationship
To any future neo confederate commenter that tries to answer the question “states rights to do what?” Keep in mind these are not real answers:  “To secede”  “To make their own laws”  “To govern themselves”   All of these are fake and nonsense. Come up with a real answer fools.
How can the confederacy be literally ANYONE'S heritage if it didn't last long enough to attend Kindergarten? My little brother pissed his Huggies Pull-Ups for a longer period of time than the Confederacy spent existing. The South can't "rise again" when it never rose to BEGIN with, and I say that being from The South. This whole neo-Confederate rhetoric is gonna fail like it always has, and I have no sympathy for modern-day adults who think the slavery that failed them in the past is somehow gonna work in the future. Stupid is as stupid does.
My coworker was from Georgia and he was real proud of his heritage and I kept asking him "states rights to do WHAT?" repeatedly like in this video and he couldnt come up with a good answer
The higher ups wanted slavery and they sent the lower class to die for their slaves
"Might end slavery I dunno" extremely accurate
As Chris myself, I am proud to be a braindead confederate supporter with unoriginal insults and terrible debating skills  Edit: Jesus how did I manage to get over 100 replies on this very comment
Get Douglas'd
July
From an old heritagous country citizen perspective...  It looks like a sparrow bird calling a fruit fly small.  And i love it. This videos' got a fair point. Hope we don't aply it everywhere haha   (No but for real.. FEAR US 🇪🇺)
The fugitive slave act that the south supported was against states rights
I honestly can't believe that saying that slavery was bad is somehow controversial. It doesn't really get much simpler than that
The majority of you are ignorant, intolerant and unhinged. Seek help.
I'm back to check on Chris. I see he's using an alt again. Refusing to give clear answers while demanding answers is still there. Still hiding behind calling everyone a clown.  And it seems he went back on his short lived anti-debate debacle.  The usual. I wonder if he'll reply. Alright, see ya'll next week.
Imagine being unoriginal and having only one insult. 💅
Slavery being terrible should not be a controversial opinion
Chris I'm reposting one of my comments because I don't think you saw it. I think you should see it. (The response involved the subject of a hypothetical independence attempt made by freedman and slaves against the confederacy). "We both know they would do more than just "push against that". The idea would sicken them, lest we forget the reason why the stainless banner looked the way it did, and the quotes the vice president at the time said about those of African heritage. If you are going to defend the confederacy can you please just defend everything about them? And not just pick and chose what you want to defend. If you don't then you aren't defending the Confederacy, you are defending your ideal version of the Confederacy.  You cannot nor should not ignore the racists beliefs and ideals of the Confederacy with whataboutism, both sides had racists obviously. But one side was obviously worse, one side had laws preventing African American's from voluntarily serving, one side had over 4 million slaves, and one side had in their constitution a section that would make it illegal to abolish or even weaken the practice of slavery. Please this is a sincere request, either defend it all, or defend none of it. Half-measures benefit no-one."
Politics despised as a Funni
The majority of you are still offended by everything i say but you don't even know what I've said here. Go figure. You clowns are ignorant.
Chris's comments always boil down to  *Insert original comment* Chris: *Insert blatant lie* Reply: "Source?" Chris: "Offended, Ignorant Clown, Projection, Bigot."
People getting angry at me because i don't defend slavery? Or why tf are you clowns so angry at me? Can you even tell me?
I took AP US History back in high school, we forced to learn that state's rights was the "correct" andwer if it came up on the exam.
U claim that the war was bout slavery but when the war started the US congress stated that the war was bout preserving the union
Doobus over here being my spirit animal rn. 😂😂😂
Chris, homie, you gotta move on man XD
The states right to self governance. Wow that was weirdly easy.
My favorite silly cartoon character catchphrases:  Spongebob: "I'm ready"  Bugs Bunny: "What's up doc."  Chris 135x: "StAtes rIgHts tO GoVeRn tHeMseLvEs."  All of these characters are all hilarious but being cartoons they shouldn't be taken seriously.
Amy Schumer's career has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
I got a new pedal and amp (Wow this is my most on-topic comment yet)
It's funny how angry you clowns still are at me. You have no idea what I've said here and got don't know what i believe in. You THINK i support slavery because you don't even know what that is. Bunch of geedee troggies.
Obama was in office twice as long as the Confedracy existed.
Remember that time years ago, when the republicans for a republic that protected everyone's rights was a threat to democracy in the south where the majority of people could vote to own the minority of people?
Honestly i was here (on a different account) when chris started fighting i can't remember how long its been but despite everything chris still has the weirdest political views and people keep trying to ram any possible fact through his skull 🙏 honestly its kinda comforting that no matter what changes chris will still be there and denying all possible logic
That’s not the confederate flag that’s the southern flag. The real confederate flag looked like the Union flag but with less stripes
I don't think European settlers in the Americas have a history worth honoring, regardless of flag
A lot of you are too emotional to know anything about this. You don't really care, you just want people to think you care. Typical left leaning millennials.
Watching some of those same states getting their "States Rights" that they wanted, later use those "States Rights" to take away access to abortion.  Its always been the same goal. They want the right to take AWAY rights from other people.
Breaking: water found in ocean
States rights to vote for their own laws independent of the federal government
fucking based.
The lifespan has outlived and actually as of this comment still continues to outlive the Confederacy
God, that chris guy is still here? And people are still trying to ram facts through his thick skull? Unfortunate.
I live in Louisiana, and it does piss me off when someone posts the confederate flag. I know that most of These people are trying to show support for their quarter of the country, but what they are really doing is supporting slavery
Chris gonna be mad at the new doobus video
It was in fact ever so slightly not black and white. The contender cause was evil but the concerns raised over states rights have yet to be really dealt with and will likely come up again
The Confederacy is bad but the Union is good? Even though the North allowed slavery?
I had been in college lasted longer then the confederacy
Jesus christ, Stephens essentially pulled the, "Come on guys, owning a dude is American as apple pie"
Bro drinks soy latte 💀
0:46 when doobus goobus says “states rights to do what” he sounds like he has too much estrogen
This aged very well
i think this is the most controversial video doobus goobus has made  Edit: the reply section proves my point
AO rules, Dixie drools
A whole argument taken down by a simple question. The power of words.
You earned my subscription
Lincoln didn’t even want to abolish slavery where it already existed. He just didn’t want it to expand westward, but the confederacy was so angry that he even had the slightest opposition to slavery…so they seceded and fired on ft Sumter.
The Southerners just like the drip
Chris: "You don't know anything! I know everything and I'm too mature and I can talk about this!" Me: Ok, debunk this list of counterarguments. Chris: Provides no evidence of the contrary, expects everybody to believe his blatant lies
Long live the confederacy
Abraham Lincoln was gonna send africans back to africa
0:55 XD
State's rights to govern themselves
State's rights to be a little silly, just a couple of silly ol boys
Blacks in Africa sold other blacks to the south.  Remember that
The only correction to this video is that Lincoln and Republicans weren't going to abolish slavery. Their objective was to stop the spread of slavery into the new territories. Regardless of their personal beliefs, that was the official policy and intent of the party. Lincoln even affirmed as such in his inaugural speech.
WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITOR RATTLESSNAKES AND ALIGATERRS
Union Dixie makes me feel things that I don't otherwise feel about the United States
Not to mention one of the most egregious acts of Federal overreach prior to the civil war was the Fugitive Slave Act, which infringed on northern states rights far more than Lincoln ever proposed before his election
I love this, living in the south, I have used this argument before, and they never get it!
Little Einsteins lasted longer than the Confederacy
Don't fall for the bait in recent comments soldiers o7
Lincoln wasn't going to abolish it 🤦🏻 he only did during civil war
And remember kids. The parties never switched!
What if slavery was the friends we made along the way?
The state secession declarations also said "we lost the election to the abolitionist majority". You know, how a democracy works? Plus there are a bunch of super authoritarian quotes you can find!
I hope Doobus makes a video about elon doing the italian salute...
Been a while. I can see Chris now insults you for debating when he's been debating and sparking such debates for a year. Them some weird mental gymnastics. Real "I'm right because I say so" vibes there.  Alright I'll be back in a few weeks to see how it goes
Get Douglass’d
South also had white slaves.
I am sad, but not surprised at Twitter, a twisted world that is
What sucks is that states' rights DO matter, but what the Confederacy tried to do with those rights...yeah, it was indefensible.
I last longer than the confederacy
Hi welcome to hell im your bartender we serve bees and whiskey answer the entry questionnaire correctly and you'll receive your drink:)
Keep in mind the Union only abolished slavery for the southern states. Not the Northern States
Keep in mind that the Confederacy ceased to be over one hundreds years ago before defending them.
My shitty ass laptop has lasted longer than the confederacy
Hey goobus, does the phrase... 'Checkmate Lincolnites' ring a bell?
People who don't know things will most likely be offended by any piece of info.
Poor whites didn't get the Right to own land or vote until the Universal Suffrage Act in the 1920s. Can't blame them when they couldn't vote on the matter and didn't have any representation.
The animation adds ti this but reading comments allegedly stating this is controversial is wild..how is   *check notes*  anti slavery controversial…WHO TF-
every so often i find this video again and click on it to look at the newer cope comments
It was about state's rights to govern themselves. Unfortunately, the rights they fought for are pretty dark. But not all Africans back then were slaves. Some were laying down the railroads and that makes them indentured servants.
The South was only a small part of the entire Trans-Atlantic slave trade, most of the slaves went to Brazil.
Slavery had everything to do with the Southern economy and nothing to do with racism.  The Union was more industrialized than the South, so the South’s economy was reliant of tobacco and cotton farms.
Non traitors here 👇
History is shades of gray, yet sometimes, the shades are looking very close to black & white...
Came back to say that...at least the Confederacy outlived Concord.
I’m not condoning the Confederacy, BUT, The union committed some pretty gruesome acts towards the native tribes of America before and after the civil war.
The confederacy won most of the battles…
Doobus goobus drinks soy lattes
Just because slavery happened doesn’t mean blacks are marginalized today
The north was trying to get the south to get rid of slaves but keep prices cheep, which meant the south were going to go into debt to try to provide for the north. Yes, in the long run, slavery was bad, but it was keeping prices down for everyone at the time. And two, the confederate flag was used as a d”on’t tread on me flag” despite the confederacy of the United States only lasting for under 5 years. So yes, in ideals, the confederates were bad in the sense of slavery, but they were protecting the lifestyle they had because that is what America was built on in the 16-1700s
I'm pretty sure Abe Lincoln only commited to end slavery after the civil war started. The Confederate states probably wouldn't have lost their slave owning under Lincoln if they hadn't started the war.
I mean it was about state rights just the wrong ones
Don’t care the flag looks cool
Hey guys, it's very obvious at this point that Chris is just a troll. Tell him that and move on, make him miserable
The most crazist thing is most Confederate sympathizers are Hispanics 😂😂
I honestly feel bad for anybody with so little culture in their lives that what amounts to a 4 year-long is their "hErItAgE."
FOR FREEDOM! FOR MANAGED DEMOCRASY!
Finally someone who is not black but also understands 😭
The very notion of telling them that a damn orange beat them invalidates everything, since one can just simply mention the orange
Further reason to listen to the Union Dixie Trap Remix
Lgbt are the new blacks
Fun fact: Abraham Lincoln orchestrated the largest mass execution in American history. Those hung? 38 Dakota.  Their crimes? The government incentiviced increased hunting and gathering on and around native lands to starve them; making them dependent on the government. They made a rebellion in a similar vein to what Louis Riel would attempt.    Both sides of the civil war targeted native groups.   The civil war may have been about human rights... but the native populations have never been seen as humans by the government. 🫡🫡
“The Confederacy was Bad” yeah and fire is hot I thought this was commands
Based. People with conservative views in any country do not deserve respect in my opinion.
Spy Tf2 and Funny boi, you guys are chads fr fr. This chris guy is quite literally the dumbo in the video
“And they seceded the moment the president got elected that was going to abolish slavery.”  Here’s the thing. When Lincoln was first elected, his policy on slavery was much softer than it was by the time his presidency was over. While Lincoln did not support slavery on a moral level — politically speaking, he did say that he would allow it to remain in the south. He just didn’t support the *expansion* of slavery. The fact that he didn’t even run on a platform that said “I’m going to completely abolish slavery“ and they STILL dropped out! Like that’s how attached the southern aristocracy was to their slaves. And people still want to sympathize with the Confederacy.
A states rights to what? TRANS RIGHTS HELL YEAH
Nuh uh
Yea, somehow they never get into what it is the states wanted to do.
The confederacy's main concerns were Slaves, self explanatory States right to GOVERN, meaning each state being allowed to create and enforce their own laws And lastly, Tariffs  Though the overwhelming majority of slaves were owned by the 1% at the time, so let that tell you everything you need to know about who was evil.
if THIS was my heritage, you would not be able to waterboard that information out of me
This is truly beautiful 🥹
And the Annoying Orange sucks ass. So it is otlutlived by a shitty cartoon.
Funnt detail I noticed: Nobody mentioned slavery until the Grey guy did
Ironic that religious people are supporting Confederacy the most
There were opponents of slavery in the south and advocates for slavery in the north.  Yes that much is true.  Nonetheless the controlling attitude in the DEMOCRAT south favored slavery, and the controlling attitude in the REPUBLICAN north opposed slavery.  And that's precisely why the southern states seceded; abolitionist Republican Abraham Lincoln had been elected president.  And that's what the southern states could not countenance.  And even today the Democratic Party is still the party of slavery.  That's what their precious socialism is: universal slavery with them in charge of everything and everyone.
🇿🇦
Abraham Lincoln didn't wanna get rid of slavery tho he got rid of it to end the war
I still support the confederacy and I am not apologizing for it
So because obviously no one will answer what else the conferency was against. It was literally like one incident with tariffs. Nothing else. That’s it.
Oh boy I hope that the "Newest" section of the comments will not turn into the equivalent of a trench battle from warhammer with every faction fighting. Surely not
bUT tHe DeMon RAtS (democrats) cReAtEd tHe CoNfEdeRacY & tHe KkK?!?!?!   Ya but who is flying the Confederate flag now and supporting a felon/gr8pist? Also when was the last time you saw the KKK endorse a candidate of color? Lmaoooo these magats are hilarious and sad
How it started:  Slavery is bad! We as the government will ban the right to own slaves!   How it's going:  Owning anything at all is bad! We as the government will ban ownership of everything!
To everyone on both sides: Read Lincoln's letters. Read the history of the years leading up to the war, focusing on the economic and cultural schism between what would become Union and Confederate states. Read about the election of 1860 where the North elected a President without ANY Southern input. Read about the economic and diplomatic history with Britain and France, and how the cultivation of cotton in Egypt and India, along with some pretty ruthless politics by Honest Abe,  completely altered the course of the war.  History is NEVER as simple as "the single cause". NEVER.
It sickens me whenever people use grey and gray morality on topics like the Civil War or World War II. Sure, in both cases, no side is 100% perfect, but in both of these wars, one side has obviously ill intentions, and the main goal of the other side was to stop those ill intentions.
I find it funny how modern liberals are more sore about the confederacy than even the confederacy at its time of defeat.
Right European here. I also have a degree in history.  And yes it was about more than slavery....but its major selling point was keeping slavery... So yes while there are other factors that contributed to the civil war a lot of the reasons people joined wad because they wanted slaves.  Any points become null and void the moment slavery becomes your major sell.
Union Dixie 🔥🔥🔥
1:15 you got death threats on twitter? I'm not surprised at all considering whats going on here
The wait for Silksong has lasted longer than the confederacy
Southern man here The Confed where about states rights. HOWEVER!.....
non of what was said here is new news to me.
The wait between GTA 5 and GTA 6 is twice longer than the Confederacy lasted.
Not going to mention the South getting taxed at a higher percentage than the North even though the South primarily funded the American Revolution, War of 1812, and every major war up to that point? Not going to mention that the North industrialized at the expense of the South and then wanted to remove not just slavery, but export rights to crops which were used to pay higher taxes?
I have read South Carolinas article of secession the entire document was repeatedly justifying their ability to secede and using the northern states opposition to slavery as an excuse to secede
I support the confederacy not because of the 'states rights' or 'slavery', but because i like naming dixie more than yankees. Checkmate, unionists!
Holy shit...GTA6 is taking longer than how long those ugly bastards lasted.
In second grade, I moved away from California and moved to Texas where I was taught that the civil war was fought for ‘economic reasons,’ which, I guess it was, because the economy of the South relied on slave labor, which is not good. The teacher also made sure to highlight that some slave owners treated their slaves nicely, also not good in the grand scheme of things because people are property and even if you ‘treat them well’ you’re still treating them like property. I don’t blame the teacher for this, I don’t even blame the school, I blame local politics and the parents who would complain to the school that the lessons on slavery would make their white kids feel bad.  On a related note, we learned about the history of Texas before the history of America or anything else, in the morning we would say the Texan pledge alongside the American pledge, and the education board that ran elementary school I went to was apparently the last in Texas to desegregate their schools because the school district was threatened by violent protests and bomb threats from bigots who didn’t want the schools to desegregate and the mayor and police chief of the town at the time supported the bigots. During the pandemic, I moved to Arizona, and when the pandemic was over and I could finally go back to a public school without the fear of getting my mom sick, I went to high school and the lessons I’ve been taught about the civil war here have been far less biased than the ones I was taught in Texas.  Tl;dr: Texas is the worst state I’ve seen a bathroom in and I’m glad to be in Arizona now.
the wait between gta 5 and gta 6 has been longer than the confederacy lasted
Spongebob Squarepants has been airing episodes 6x as long as the Confederacy was around
To own private property, and for the States to govern themselves without interference from the federal government.  People forget it's the UNITED STATES of America. Before London and his successors completed there work. Most citizens of the union fought themselves the citizens of the state first and an American second.
And yet those idiots still have the right to vote...
You talk like Kermit the Frog. I like it!
Imagine arguing over racism when corporations and governments enslave us all openly and equally.
Gen 1 Bionicle lasted longer than the Confederacy.
The way that I see Confederacy is kinda the way I look at the Legion faction in New Vegas. Both are the obvious evil side. But that doesn't mean it's useless to poke around and see how exactly they got there.
Confederacy sympathizers claim that Southern politicians might have made the war over slavery, but Farmers fought against unjust Federal taxes. I ask them what Federal taxes? The Federal gov't was mostly funded by tariffs at the time and they were at their record lows right before the Slave-holding states seceded from the Union. Can't you just stop being ignorant and accept that your ancestors fought for slavery? I am not trying to shame you for having such forefathers, but it was just what it was.
And it was all the demokkrats the demos like obama and them their political ansectories who created their legacy were the kkks so whos the real bad guys cau it looks like the democrats to me also trump 2024 hes the man who will make america great again get bill hillary kamala biden and all em communists out of there
I was always taught as a kid NOT ONLY from my family but my so called “scholars” that there where no bad guys in the civil war and that if there where we happened to be the good guys  And then I opened a history book on my own
The "Lost Cause" was the "right" of some states to not only keep other people in bondage indefinitely, but to expand that "peculiar institution" across the globe. And guess what? Only the rich benefitted from it, the masses were left in poverty.
Question for Chris135: Do you think the confederates were the good guys?
I dont defend the confederacy but the north WERE NOT GOOD GUYS many instances of shooting surrendered, raping their women, taking their homes to use as shelter and demanding to be fed in another americans home
Source?
the confederacy was so young that not even drake would date it💀
You earned my sub!  lol   Best wishes!  I heard a comment saying that if it were about “states rights” had Louisiana or Georgia seceded from the confederacy, would that also be “states rights?” If not, then it would argue towards federalism, a strong, central gov to maintain a government.
Video: "look at this pro confederacy person who is purposefully ignorant and evil" Chris: "based as hell"
I can understand the “states rights” argument about the civil war if your family fought and died for farming land on corn and whiskey if they were being unfairly taxed. Not if you owned a cotton plantation and had slaves. Most people didn’t own slaves, but that doesn’t excuse the ones who did. The civil war was about taxes, vote counting, land lottery scams, and slavery. Slavery may have only been a small piece, but that doesn’t make it any less fucked up.
The Yankee rebellion lasted from 1809 and lasted 3 years in Pennsylvania vs the USA to defend state rights and uphold peace deals between the tribals.  Canada and Britain was help the common wealth state from 1809-1812 don't be alarmed. The Pennsylvania flag is in respect for those who did that, other rebellion from my home state rebellion on taxes.
"Get Douglass'd"  amazing
“My family fought for their farm! You know how much a slave cost back then?”
British Hong Kong lasted longer than the Confederacy
I’m convinced Chris is actually a bot.
"oH,tHeY wAnTiNg To StaY sLaViNg PeOpLe BeCaUse ThEy cOulDnT bRiNg FaCtOrIeS tO tHe SoUtH aNd FaRm WoRk WaS bEtTer" dude,THEY COULD GET TO BRING MACHINES TO HELP THOSE THINGS,GET BRAZIL AS A EXAMPLE,THEY DID THAT IN THE NORTHEAST(that is their equivalent to southern US) TO EXTRACT SUGAR,WHY THE SOUTH WAS LAZY ENOUGH TO MAKE COTTON MACHINES
Both sides for a fact did allow slavery. The Union wanted to keep the practice of slavery while stop it from spreading to the west coast.
The animation movement with the voice work is making me crack up bad. Oh my god, good video dude🎉 😂
This needs to be shared way more, this hunanizing of the southern cause is too annoying.  By the end of the day IT WAS ABOUT SLAVERY
Here's a hypothetical. If African-Americans, (slaves and freed) decided to secede from the CSA and decided to proclaim a new nation would the Confederacy claim that its an illegal action, or their right to protect their people from a government that doesn't have their wellbeing in mind? (I asked this question a year ago and the person never responded)
The only gray thing about the Civil War was the confederate uniforms.
This is the problem with social media  - anything can be posted and passed off as the truth. The truth is that the issue was secession. No Union Army called up by Lincoln to put down secession, no war. Slavery would have died out, and a better integration of freedmen into American society would have taken place had the vindictiveness of Reconstruction never happened.
I think we'd make a lot of progress if we just stopped saying "Confederate" and just said "slaver". You don't call a shovel a "Manual excavator". Its a shovel.
Anthem lasted longer then the poopoo greycoats
Either way, the civil war was pretty fucked up, from a philosophical perspective, and industrial perspective, the Union had the support of Europe (despite the fact they supplied the South with Slaves for the longest time) and almost every railroad to secure more land. The rivers were guarded by the Union to prevent any resources reaching the Confederacy, it also meant they had to commit a few war crimes of their own. Though not often documented or even confirmed, speculations that the Union torched farmlands of the South put them even further on edge. Robert E. Lee’s philosophical base to contain the right to owning slaves was more of a business/trade perspective since most of their economy was built around manual labor. Some members of the Confederacy were more concerned on how their economy would end up if the North successfully abolished slavery, meaning a heavier work load for farms (even the ones who couldn’t even afford slaves in the first place) and well, taxes.   “It’s the economy, stupid!” - Bill Clinton, one of the few smart things he said.
When the Confederate states wrote their constitutions during secession, a majority of them mentioned the right to own slaves as a cause. It's not like these are hidden either, you can find digital copies, illuminated manuscript, etc, of these constitutions with a minute or so of research.
Conservatives trying to not get offended by basic ethics:  Challenge Impossible
Makes you wonder what Chris is like outside the internet? He’s constantly talking nonsense and acting narcissistic. But I bet in real life he’s quieter than a roach. He wouldn’t dare act this foolish in public.
It's funny that you people are still trying to humiliate and shame me. Grow tf up, buttercup. Or just gtfo. You don't know anything and you wanna take that out on me. Take responsibility for your own life.
Since chris keeps claiming "the union still had slavery/wanted to keep it" Connecticut: Like others, they adopted a gradual emancipation law in 1784. Eventually, by 1848 slavery was abolished. Kansas: Infamously, a hot topic whether it would be a slave state or a free state. They joined as a free state in 1861, and their constitution said that “6. Slavery prohibited. There shall be no slavery in this state; and no involuntary servitude, except for the punishment of crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.”  Washington DC: In 1862, Lincoln passed “An Act for the Release of certain Persons held to Service or Labor in the District of Columbia” which banned slavery in the district. Also, the only reason this happened in the middle of the civil war was because no southern senators were in the house to oppose the bill. Therefore, it passed easily.  Pennsylvania: Adopted gradual emancipation via the “An act for a gradual abolition of slavery” act passed in 1780. This act banned importation of slaves, required all slaves to be registered, and registered every born child as free, regardless of race. This meant eventually every slave was either freed or dead by the time of the civil war, and slavery was abolished. Vermont: Vermont abolished slavery via the constitution of their own country, as they were independent for a short while before joining the United States. Their 1777 constitution said “no male person, born in this country, or brought from over sea, ought to be holden by law, to serve any person, as a servant, slave or apprentice, after he arrives to the age of twenty-one Years…” And their constitution was kept as the state constitution when they joined the United States, meaning slavery was banned before the 19th century and the industrial revolution in America. They also instated an act in 1858 that automatically freed any slave that reached Vermont.  Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin: When the northwest territory was acquired, slavery was banned in said territory. “There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said territory, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.” When each state was created from parts of this territory, they kept the banning of slavery in their constitution.  California: They joined as a state in 1850, and their constitution explicitly stated "...Neither Slavery nor involuntary Servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes, shall ever be tolerated in this State."  Nevada: They joined as a state in 1864, and their constitution stated “…First. That there shall be in this state neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the punishment for crimes, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.” Louisiana: The emancipation proclamation already banned slavery in union-controlled parts of the state, but the union-controlled Louisiana abolished slavery in 1864 via the constitution. West Virginia: Shortly before the passage of the 13th amendment, west Virginia banned slavery on its own via the state legislature. Slavery was banned on February 3rd, 1865.  New York: A gradual abolition act like Pennsylvania’s was passed in 1799, and full emancipation happened in 1827, on July 5th. You can find this date labeled as “Emancipation Day”, which proves they abolished slavery. New Hampshire: An act stating that “No person, because of decent, should be disqualified from becoming a citizen of the state.” Was passed in 1857 and fully implemented after the 13th amendment passing. Iowa: Joined as a free state in 1846. In article 1, section 23 of their constitution, they said: "There shall be no slavery in this State; nor shall there be involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crime. "
roblox piggy outlived the confederacy💀
Holy shit Chris seems to have stopped replying. At least for a while.
Wouldn't it be nice though for self determinaiton of regional identities without slavery? The US itself is an empire .Like yeah I don't like slavery but I do support freedom for opresssed regions in the name of diversity. Even the confederacy no matter its position on slavery was too large.
in a few months squid game is gonna have existed longer than the confederacy
Guys can we just take a moment to appreciate chris135x? Not that he's a good person or anything, I just want to point out that he has no actual proof and repeatedly doubles down and responds with the same "you dont know what racism is" and "this is projection" without any extra elaboration. Honestly, I almost commend his stubbornness and ability to consistently and confidently be so incredibly wrong, without providing any actual proof, their ability to never accept that their point is irrefutably wrong. He is so absolutely idiotic that it makes me feel better about myself, and his inability to accept the facts makes me feel so glad that I'm not him. So thank you chris, thank you for being so goddamn stupid.
The union is as bad 😂
One of the nice things about living in Colorado is that I have no heritage, North or South, relating to the Civil war (Hell, half of my family wasn't in the US until the 1900s) so I grew up with and was directly taught a very unbiased view of the civil war.    And yeah the confederates were the bad guys. Sure the Union did some bad things but it's like comparing jaywalking to grand theft auto. War sucks, it brings out the worst in people, what's telling is that the Confederacy was already doing bad things before the war started (Not just slavery either! They were actively performing aggressive actions against the North)
The fact people actually defend the confederacy man
After watching all the stuff thats been happening since trumps been president in America its only a matter of time before he brings back slavery and America goes into another civil war (this coming from an Australian)
Yesterday I heard a wild political take and thought I'd check back on this video after 4 months because it's funny and I like it :) But oh my god. Chris. Buddy. I have literally never seen anything so.... depressing... in my life. There ain't no *way* you're still here, for over **HALF A YEAR** defending the fucking *confederacy*  I wonder how much revenue you've generated for DoobusGoobus alone from you living in the comments. LIKE... ALL THIS TIME YOU'VE BEEN HERE?? Just like.... responding every single day to hate comments and starting FRESH DISCUSSIONS on the topic of slavery on a regular basic? Why even die on this hill? What do you even gain from this and why is defending the confederacy how you choose to spend your free-time? I'm genuinely curious, do you have any other hobbies? Are your relationships/home life okay? Look, we might not see eye-to-eye, I *genuinely* want to see you get better because it is downright concerning how long you've lived in the comments of this video like a cave goblin.   And to everyone else that Chris has inspired to live in the comments, just.... stop. Call your mom. Tell your family you love them. Pet your cat. Hang out with friends. Literally *anything* else.
Some pro-slavery quotations from confederate leaders and documents, since chris seems to have forgotten " No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law denying or impairing the right of property in negro slaves shall be passed"   "The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States; and shall have the right of transit and sojourn in any State of this Confederacy, with their slaves and other property; and the right of property in said slaves shall not be thereby impaired"  "The Confederate States may acquire new territory; and Congress shall have power to legislate and provide governments for the inhabitants of all territory belonging to the Confederate States, lying without the limits of the several Sates; and may permit them, at such times, and in such manner as it may by law provide, to form States to be admitted into the Confederacy. In all such territory the institution of negro slavery, as it now exists in the Confederate States, shall be recognized and protected be Congress and by the Territorial government; and the inhabitants of the several Confederate States and Territories shall have the right to take to such Territory any slaves lawfully held by them in any of the States or Territories of the Confederate States"  "Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth. " -Confederate VP
rewatched this today because of an idiot that used the "it was about state rights" argument.
And now Chris thinks I talk like a “r*pist”, all because I said to him, “Ok and can you prove proof why it “doesn’t mean what you think it means” because just saying these things won’t make anyone believe you.”.
Rdr2 took longer to make then the confederacy lasted
haha slavery funny word hehe
In Technically, Lincolns posistion as an abolitionist was to contain the expansion of slavery not to abolish it, so the southern states were even more reactionary (thiugh i mean ghey were also pissed at thevidea of the containment of slavery
Honestly slavery wasn't thr problem the racism that we used when having slaves was.
I mean he's right saying it wasn't black and white It was actually blue and grey
Did not expect the Fredrick Douglas slam pin on the Confederate, out of nowhere but im happily surprised.
Let’s all keep in mind boneappleteeth3127 is just an alt account of Chris135x that he admitted himself and bragged about it months ago. That’s how pathetic he really is.
im doomscrolling rn these comments are less atrocious than i thought theyd be.
Cult of the Lamb lasted longer than the Confederacy
"Checkmate Lincolnites" in less than 2 minutes.
Quick question. Why is slavery bad?Is it because owning people is bad?
The right wing: "States rights are good because the fed is controlled by our enemy." The right wing now: "We control the fed, so therefore states rights are anti-freedom." Wonder how any sane right-wing nut can explain that and not imply we are heading towards a new civil war...
We have waited for Silksong longer than the confederacy           WE HAVE WAITED FOR SILKSONG LONGER THAN THE CONFEDERACY THE CAKE WAS A LIE IM SO SICK OF THIS SHIT
my little brother lasted longer that the confederacy he is 6
If the party switch didn't happen then why are conservatives defending the CSA? And why are said conservatives bashing liberalism?
0:42 He's just plain wrong. In a vain attempt to sound smart, he glosses over the fact that Lincoln promised not to touch slavery when he was campaigning AND when he was voted into office. Lincoln made this extremely clear, saying something along the lines of, "If I could free all the slaves to preserve the union, I would do that. If I could keep all of them in bondage to preserve the union, I would do that as well. What I do on the subject of slavery, I do to preserve the union."
Honestly, I feel like people should hammer on the traitor thing more often. In how many other wars have the US been involved in where they were actually the bad guys and then if you bring that up immediately get on your case for being a traitor but the one war where they are genuinely the good guys suddenly it’s about heritage…
1:14 Ironic for Americans to tell others to get a real country. I fucking hate both Americas, but fake America is obviously worse.
"whether it's Jefferson Davies or Jeff bezos always stick with the union" a commenter on Dixie trap
Yeah, I never like that whole argument for the civil war being fought for States Rights. States rights to do what?
They didnt want to even secede until northern activists wanted to shove their propaganda down their throats and disrupt their way of life. I think we should bring it back.
Sometimes "STATESRIGHTSTODOWHAT?" just pops into my head, and I come back here.
Chris is trying to revert back to his “both sides suck” approach but he already made a comment not long ago singing the confederate dixie song.
Let be real. Both sides suck. Both sides use the government in the United States to control what everyone can and can't do.
Oh my god. He finally did it. Chris finally gave his definition of slavery in a reply to a comment I made. And his definition is "Racism: the idea that one ethnicity is either inferior or superior to another ethnicity." His definition is a bit broad but its something. However the funny thing is Spy's definition of racism was this "prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism by an individual, community, or institution against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized." Which is basically just a longer and a bit more specific version of the definition Chris gave. And he still says Spy doesn't know what Racism is when he basically said the same definition as Spy. So that means Spy and Chris know what racism is, or Chris is just a massive hypocrite. Essentially, Chris has offered a simpler, more concise version of the same idea Spy provided in a longer form.
I'm not defending any actions of the historical Confederacy in America nor any interest in defending slavery but I'm pretty sure the nature of a "confederacy" (not having a federal government over the individual states) as opposed to a "union" is specifically what they mean when they say "it was about state's rights". I don't think 99% of people specifically wants to defend slavery when they say that, and I think pigeon holing that opposition as all slavery defenders is facetious.
Chris:Because of the left leaning clowns, nobody knows what Nazis are and no one knows what fascism is. Those are just buzzwords now. Also chris: Calls multiple people (MJ, me) hitler (Which is also ironic because he claims we are left-leaning clowns)
State's rights doesn't mean slavery. You just think it does because you don't know anything about this.
Chris is debating for almost 2 years thats pathetic
Whats the song at the end?
I dated a guy who celebrated his “confederate heritage” and his friends defended slavery. He’d also called me a liberal for making a joke about trumps mugshot and also mocked George Floyd dying.  No wonder I felt sad for only 5 minutes when he broke up with me.  Complete bullet dodge.  💀  Goodness please stop arguing in the replies blowing up my phone
Hey, coming back a year later - any chance we could get a part 2 asking why someone would do a roman salute in 21st century politics?
uhhh uhh, ya know taxes and power of the stateS?? thats others ive heard. they love ignoring the slave part
Chris: "You don't what racism is."  Spy :*gives the exact definition*   Chris: "THATS NOT IT!!"  Spy: "Ok what is the definition then?"  Chris:......... uh. YOU IDIOTIC CLOWN!!
Dude, VINE has lived longer than the Confederacy. VINE
Why do all of these comments have like a million replies It's actually crazy
the wait for the seventh tf2 comic was longer than the confederacy.
I always open this video when it's in my recommended because I get to watch the comment section shit itself trying to pretend this isn't a black and white issue.
I’ve been playing Minecraft since December 2016, twice as long as the confederacy ever lasted
The expired pizza roles in my fridge lasted longer then the confederacy.
*Alexander Hamilton Stephens was also a Democrat. The fact Democrats founded the KKK & were all about segregation & yet they virtue signal like they weren't the party of slavery & subordination of races is infuriating. Look at Joe Biden. One of the most racist Presidents in America's history, he did more damage to the black population in the 90's than any leader in modern history. Funny that Liberals try to rewrite history when the reality doesn't support their narrative.*
Donald Trump is president.  🤘
There are few things black and white in history  But there are some   Nazism and fascism during world war 2 for example was a textbook example There are no doubts about the evil of the axis   And there is no moral ambiguity in the confederacy   One side promoted and supported slavery The other don t  It is that simple   Everything else is retroacrive revisionism trying to justify and excuse the historic discourse
The confederates where cleary added as a balance patch to make the usa less strong but the usa players got so angry that the devs reverted the update
❤
Notice how it's only ever white people saying shit like "state's rights".
I could play devils advocate here if you so wish because though slavery was a massive part of it was a very rich part of the south such as Jefferson Davis who made slavery part of the big issue.   many of the fighters on the ground were southern men who enlisted to fight for their state to defend their homes and communities as well as their farms.   That’s why it’s said that it’s a grey  area for history, Not because of the actual founders and many of the rich were the slave owners.   One such person was the fucking general of the confederacy Robert E Lee.   who wouldn’t betray his home state for the federal government.
hello chris 👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋 still defending slavery i see
Boy, I say, boy, Chris, let me set the record straight before you go diggin’ that hole any deeper. You keep hollerin’ about taxes, tariffs, and the Tenth Amendment like they were the main event, but the facts, boy, the facts tell a different story. We got records from the time, plain as day, that show New York alone brought in $233.7 million worth of foreign goods from July 1859 to June 1860, with $203.4 million of that subject to tariffs. The rest of the country? All combined, they only managed $128.5 million, with just $76.5 million taxed.  Now, what does that tell ya, son? New York merchants were payin’ a whopping 63.5% of all the federal government’s revenue at the time, year after year. So this notion that the South was bein’ crushed under the weight of taxes and tariffs? That dog won’t hunt. The South wasn’t pickin’ up the bill—New York City was.  And as for cheap labor, boy, let’s not dance around the truth: that "cheap labor" you’re talkin' about was slavery, pure and simple. The South’s entire economy was built on enslaved people growin’ cotton and other crops. When the North and the federal government started movin’ against slavery, the South saw the writin’ on the wall. That’s what sparked the rebellion, not some far-fetched notion about taxes or states’ rights. Now chew on that for a spell, son, before you go spoutin’ off again.
I know the flag is bad but I like it because how beautiful looks
As a seventh grader, we’re learning about the confederacy versus the union and all I had to do was just watch this video instead of getting hours of homework and research about the battles. Thank you, goobus
"The Confederacy was Bad"  WELL NO SHIT  (This is a joke)
There were other reasons for the Confederacy to leave!  None of them were the main reason and none of them could possibly outweigh slavery, ripperoni pizza that Confederate sympathy still exists
Rule of thumb: if you think everyone having equal rights is “oppressing” you, you are not the victim, you’re the oppressor. That’s why you don’t want equality: you’re afraid you can’t benefit off of other’s oppression anymore if everyone is equal.
Sigh. They’re so gonna censor this gem
The dixie flag isn't about slavery anymore. It's about the region of dixie. The cultural heritage. It is not about slavery anymore. I will not deny that the confederacy seceded mostly because of slavery. But the flag isn't about slavery anymore. I am open to debate this topic if anybody would like
"The Annoying Orange outlived you!" Ah, yes...Capitalism, winner as always.
The long journey towards the treasure, the times we spent with new friends we made, the memories we shared throughout these years, all of these has lasted longer than the confederacy. How beautiful is that?
Its hilarious that's i got recommended this after watching constant news of trump being dumb-
Team Fortress 2 was in development for over twice as long as the Confederacy 😂
I will just say “right to do what” is mostly historically inaccurate. It was way more about unequal tariffs, and in Lincoln’s inauguration he said “I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.” Slavery was evil, it’s good that it ended, and it ended after the civil war. But the civil war was all about power and money, and Lincoln was about power and money. And Jefferson Davis was about power and money.
Owning other people is just plain out fuckin weird 😐
The funniest possible outcome is chris fighting here for longer than the Confederacy
Damn the only win the annoying orange will ever get is this huh 😂
The Nazis lasted longer than the Confederacy, and yet the Germans HATE honoring them.
Uh, yeah. No kidding?
I feel we need an new ver with a specific group of arm lifting people.
Yes, it was.
Interesting thing when i looked up the stuff what abe lincoln was trying to get rid of slavery which said only the southern states as it also took a while for the north to do so also. Plus slavery was pretty fucked up for the north also if you were black you were hung also like how the south does also
I just restrung a bass guitar. (Very on topic again)
Very funny how chris keeps talking about how atrocious abortion is but cannot refute a single argument for it aside from accusing them of being a heartless monster who has no morals
Ok, but why is slavery wrong?
This gonna get a LOT more relevant now unfortunately
The fact is the confederacy used the veil of states' rights to hide the fact that they were fighting to be able to own slaves. That's why Abraham Lincoln declared they were fighting to free slaves so that the Confederacy could no longer use states' rights as something to hide behind
You know what lasted longer than the Confederacy?  You.
I have socks that lasted longer than those schmucks.
I would like to point out, bronies outlasted the Confederacy
And yet, states are trying to get slavery back in order for their prisoners
I remember often very southern people would argue that the confederacy wanted to "not pay taxes to protect their economy". Oh yeah? An economy based on what? Who was working in them fields?
who tf is chris and why is everyone talking about him
I'm not 40 years old, I'm 10 confederacies old!
I love how your Abe Lincoln is literally just the Clone High design distorted in your own style.
These people act as if the Confederacy is a "heritage" or something, which is absurd because cultural heritage is tied to a long period of culture and tradition.  Four years is far too short to be considered a heritage. If anything, Pokémon culture is more qualified to be called a heritage, as it has existed for at least one human generation.
Chris is so incapable of admitting he was wrong on anything that he dodges anybody who presents undeniable fact. He is still unable to claim when Kamala Harris was a "State judge" despite claiming this multiple times. He's a fool
Chris keeps contradicting himself. He says he doesn’t support the confederacy but makes a comment singing confederate Dixie
Lol
It's still really funny how this 1 minute video upset people
Guess who’s back, Chris? Boy, I say, boy, let’s cut through the noise right quick—when folks talk about “states’ rights” in the context of the Civil War, what they’re really talkin’ about is the right to uphold slavery. The Confederacy didn’t secede over abstract principles of governance; they left because they wanted to protect their ability to own human beings as property, plain and simple. Their own documents and speeches make it crystal clear. Nobody’s sayin’ you’re callin’ slavery good, but tryin’ to dodge the core issue by hollerin’ “states’ rights” is like tryin’ to cover a pig in perfume—it doesn’t change what it is underneath.
the slavery aspect was propmoted by the North/Union to justify the war after it started. The war started primarly because of Tariff's and other trade controls the north imposed to protect the north's industry causing the more agriculture based south to want to rebel. Again Slavery wasn't the cause/start of the Civil War it was an after thought used to promote and recruit people, even tho there was still slavery in the Northern States after it was made illegal in the south and even then it wasn't important/critical enough to want to join, which is depicted in the movie Gangs of New York. This ain't black and white.
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS RIGHT AWAY (RIGHT AWAY) COME AWAY (COME AWAY) RIGHT AWAY (RIGHT AWAY) COME AWAY.
Hmph  Thanks YT, how topical
I hate that this video exists...not because I disagree with it, it's probably one of the most based things I've ever seen, but the fact that it has to exist at all, I feel like we as a species should automatically agree that slavery is, was, and always will be, a bad thing.
again this was recommended to me
Just got this video recommended to me again.
As a Brit, when I watched the movie Gettysburg as a kid I always thought the Rebels were more badass.
Back in the day was better times, also you have the wrong flag, also the north wanted slaves more then the south.   The south wanted them for mainly farm labor
The slavery defenders in the replies are pathetic
A black man was president almost twice as long as the Confederacy existed. And being an Alabamian I've met SEVERAL people who are still pissed off about that. LMAO there's some sore losers mad in this comment chain too.
I was taught about “state rights” in my southern high school. My teacher had the exact same tone of the confederate fella in this vid.  Whenever I visit home, I often see people act like the confederate flag is a piece of their culture. I want nothing to do with that “culture.” I have more pride in the Annoying Orange as apart of American culture.
The right way to be racist is to be racist to everyone that ever exist.
Duke Nukem Forever had a longer production time than the Confederacy duration.
"The Confederacy didn't want to be oppressed by the north" Hmm, so what im hearing is that you don't like being oppressed, interesting
Those 7k people are very problematic
Bullying me and being passive aggressive ain't gonna stop me. You're gonna have to try harder.
No shit
It's funny because he says "you're ignoring our other concerns" but the question being asked literally could be answered by addressing said concerns. Odd how he doesn't want to address those concerns?
there was also the fear that black people would dominate the south. White people in the south was DEAD AFRAID of black people back them, because they knew the momment blacks had the power they would strike back against the white race who kept them as slaves. the black population in the south was close to outnumber the white one, give them guns and hell would explode on the south. the white slave onwers knew KARMA was coming so they were deseperate to keep the slaves on chains.
I live in a part of France (Vendée) with a separatist history, a fight to preserve the power of the catholic church and the royal family that was brutally repressed by the Republic. I'm talking "wearing human leather pants to terrify the locals" level of brutality. They rock the vendean heart flag too. It's bound to being an historical looser I guess.
The right to choose.
my old nintendo 3ds xl lasted longer than the confederacy LMAO
Getting death threats is crazy thank you for standing up for us and being funny while doing that
Remember, the annoying Orange has outlived both the confederacy and the third reich. So L Bozo everyone but you 2 deserves human rights
Atun-Shei’s, “Checkmate, Lincolnites”, outlasted the Confederacy
In elementary school, we're taught that the Civil War was about slavery. In high school, we're taught that it was a more complex conflict that had to do with state's rights. In college, we're taught that "No, it was actually just about slavery."
Everything Doobus Goobus believes about systemic racism is bullshit.  Blacks aren’t marginalized, because if they were, THEN THEY WOULDN’T BE ALLOWED ON GOVERNMENT FUNDED MEDIA NETWORKS TO GIVE SPEECHES ABOUT WHITE PRIVILEGE AND SYSTEMIC RACISM!  AND BLACK ATHLETES WOULDN’T BE GETTING SPONSORSHIPS FROM MULTI BILLION DOLLAR COMPANIES, AND TRIPLE-A VIDEO GAME STUDIOS WOULDN’T BE PAYING BLACKS TO APPEAR IN NBA AND NFL VIDEO GAMES!  AND NO ONE IS GIVING WHITES MORE ACCESS TO ANYTHING SO THERE IS NO “WHITE PRIVILEGE!”
Fun fact, most countries in Europe and around the world didn’t even recognize the confederacy as an actual country so that most likely mean the confederacy wasn’t even a country
Yeah, but boy did the knew about a little thing called merchandising.
@chris135x alright later Chris, been fun, not really it’s actually pretty sad seeing someone so miserable and obsessed for over a year and yet just spiral into absurdity. Hope you can finally go live and not be miserable in life. ✌️
The gap between Mario Kart 8's release on the Wii U and the reveal of Mario Kart 9 through the Switch 2 announcement trailer is more than twice as long as the Confederacy lasted.
And his name is FREDERICK DOUGLASS!!! **AWESOME MUSIC**
It's crazy how ignorant, hypocritical, intolerant and bigoted you left leaning people are. You talk shit and the republicans but you side with them on abolishing slavery.
Chris135x, it’s 2025, get a job
My personal favorite is when chuds get backed/back themselves into a corner with a slavery debate and they end up resorting to going "Uhm, erm... it was TEH JOOS WHO BROUGHT THEM OVER, THEY'RE THE BAD GUYS!!1!!" like it absolves the people who did own slaves of everything.
The reason they wanted slaves is bc that’s the only way the south was profitable at the time, I have a theory that if they didn’t secede then in the south taxes would be really high bc not having all the cotton and there probably would’ve been another civil war. Also why is America pretty much the only country that’s attacked for slavery like literally chinas foot binding which was the 34th rule aka foot binding rule 34 and oh I don’t know entire world had slaves at one point, and it was mainly a superiority complex based on skin color
why yall idiots switching to abortion this video's about the csa. if your argument is weak and has no basis so you have to switch subject jst say that
Sigh… *opens comments*
As a Texan, my fault gng
Used to be anti slavery but after being in a community with them idk anymore
The tf2 bot crisis was longer than the confederacy
It’s super pathetic when confederate apologists try so hard to prove the confederacy wasn’t at it’s core racist slavers despite the fact that after they lost they spent more than half a century terrorizing black people and making them second class citizens.
I outlived the Confederacy by over 3 times now
So anyways, what is your favorite juice flavour? Mine is peach.
1:04 = The exact moment I burst out laughing.  The only thing I might've added is a reference to the "one drop" rule, IE: the rule that, unless you were 100% white, you were considered black, and by extension, a slave.  Southerner: "Not all things are black and white." Americans: "Yeah, but you were the fuckwits who said otherwise. Half-black? Black. Quadroon? Black. Octoon? Black. One sixteenth black -- yeah, you had a fucking word for that too and it also meant you were black. Funny how it's only YOUR REPUTATION that's allowed be any shade of grey."
The wait between the switch and switch 2 is longer than the confederacy
When you think abortion isn't bad because you're such an ignorant liberal......But you think slavery is bad........... You don't have morals.
an apple user can keep his phone longer than the confederacy existed
Ever notice how the people b@&$ing that taking down confederate/traitor/slave holder statues is “destroying history” didn’t say a goddam thing when statues of Saddam Hussein were torn down in Iraq?  Funny, that…
Copperheads.
States rights to operate an economy without tariffs on their products for export.  A simple read in history books will show you the truth.  Calm down, kids.
My fucking Xbox 360 has lasted longer than the Confederacy and the Third Reich combined. Jerk me rebel traitors.
I love how the comment section now is just listing things that lasted longer than the confederacy.  Btw the little playground featuring kiddie rides and tricycles of my city lasted almost 50 years: THAT is called tradition! (in fact it was such a tradition that the city took over the tricycle kiosk after the owner retired)
Slavery is just as evil as abortion.
Reminder that the first speech rhe confederate vp gave was centered mainly on how they wanted to prove the superiority of thr slave system and they they hoped to spread the concept to other countries. Meaning that yes.....for the confederacy, it really was all about slavery
We don't want your critical thinking in our historical propaganda Lol
@chris135x once again proving he is scared of me
Human rights abuse fandom not liking this one
I died in minecraft (this is very on-topic)
@chris135x so how’s your day been?
Also. Eww. Liberals.
Absolutely the South seceded to uphold their right to own slaves as prescribed in the Constitution, which they felt the North was violating by not returning fugitive slaves.   However, the North did not fight to free the slaves.   Slavery is bad. Slavery is not why the North fought to prevent secession.
Now. I do not condone slavery at all, but the union wasn’t that much better
Chris inconsistently: He claims the democrats are racist but he also claims "racism isnt real" so they can't be
is crazy how a country based on freedom was based in removing said freedom to others and some still want that lol
Wait!? Slavery is bad?! .... I have something to do I come back in 1 hour
So turns out SeanVicknair came back had a meltdown, and revealed that he is apparently A HISTORY TEACHER
your country is a shitshow for sure
it is funny how the annoying orange outlived a whole army
I feel like we focus too much on the slavery is evil when its in the past but theres actually more slavery today but you rarely hear people condemn it , you'd be hard pressed to actually find people who know about it today . Is slavery in the past bad because we know its evils so thoroughly? Where's slavery today is done in other nations out of site and out of mind? Or is our attention purposely fixed to the past. Im not too sure
We wuz kangs
Blacks aren’t marglisnsm; if they were, then they wouldn’t be allowed on government funded media networks, and, black athletes wouldn’t get paid to appear to triple-A video games made by Electronic Arts.
States rights to bare arms
0:00 grey like the mix of black and white
LMAO THIS IS GOOD
Well, I guess I missed some shit. Seems that the racists are coming out of the woodworks. Anyways, I have a genuine question for Chris. What are your actual views on slavery? Your views seem to change quite frequently, and I'd like to know for sure.
The Union initially wanted to stop slavery from spreading to the west coast. That means the north did want to preserve slavery.
Slavery was a part of it,  yes.  But when the south had elected to secede from the union,  the president,  Lincoln, said,  in a nutshell "I don't care that you went about it the right way as outlined by the constitution of this nation, I'm going to deny you one of your rights as independent states"   And before anyone tries to say I'm trying to excuse the confederacy,  I'm not.  They followed the constitution, got the needed votes and all that to secede, and were denied that right.
What I find hilarious is games today have started to use the phrase "Stars and Bars" to describe the American flag.
What's sad now is going same way in ukraine They literally changed street name from some soviet one to the name of bandera who was basically ukainian nationalitic nazi supporter during ww2  Literally germans got very pissed off by this  And how the hell im supposed to support goverment that not only made this war from their stupid decisions and sent people to die but also are literal facists? Us supports them only for money wich is suspicously similiar to case where they supported red khmers in cambodia cuz they were anti vietnamiese (ignoring fact that they killed 1/5 of the country
You have my vote Mr president
Also to add to it, most of the Southern states (except for Texas and Florida because they were late), delivered their declarations of secession, stating that they wish to maintain the practice of slavery
I think they should have their own country now. That way the rednecks can keep their problems to themselves.
Actually, the South losing the civil war is why we no longer really have the same level of state autonomy that we once did. It was federalism vs states, and federalism won out. Congrats, you now have an overarching federal government
@SeanVicknair congratulations you have taken the title of most bizarre person to comment on this video from Chris
Ok it’s possible Sean might be Chris’s alt account cause when one leaves the other starts commenting
Oh yeah no he’s the new Chris and he’s even worst, he’s actually using the fact that I typed common and it autocorrected to comment as a point to disprove my intelligence and to accuse me of not being American. Paranoid moron
Sean vicknair might be the new Chris, except this one reads and actually speaks in full sentences
Kingdom Hearts as a series lasted almost 4x longer than the Confederacy.
Hey @chris135x still waiting for the answer to those 2 questions you’ve avoided again! Also I got Chris Lore right here
My car outlived the confederacy 4 fold
The Northern States did allow slavery. The parties never switched. State's rights to govern themselves. Blame yourself if you dislike that.
Saying it’s about a state’s rights is like me trying to get out if a punishment for starting a revolution because I wanted to decide myself that murder is a bad thing.
Goodnight, Chris!
AWAY, AWAY, AWAY, AWAY, WE"LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE!
Goodnight @chris135x
POV: It’s 2034 and you meet a Neo Trump Supporter wearing a red MAGA cap and having a Trump Make America Great Again Flag and he starts to talk about why Trump was a “great” president and what things he did as president from 2017-2021 and 2025-2029 and you tell him “What did Trump do when he was president”
I wonder if Chris will waste another year on this.
Without the blatant racism and slavery, the South could've been a good country
Can confirm, Chris might be scared of me
Now to be fair, it wasn’t completely consistently about slavery, but over 70% of it was considered of and started by the abolishment of slavery so every other reason for the confederates reason for rebellion were invalidated even at the time because of what it represented.
As someone who lives in the south, I’ve gotta say this is a very accurate representation of the nutjobs who try to defend this stuff
The wait for Duke Nukem forever, and Star Fox 2, were longer than the Confederacy _and_ the Third Reich combined. My brothers and sisters in Christ, these hicks promoting the Confederate system need to sit down and shut up.
You used the wrong confederate flag. It was white with no bars, flags, or anything.
Some proof the confederate states had no interest in self-governance  They supported the fugitive slave act, which encroached on the rights of the northern, free states  Their constitution banned the banning of slavery, explicitly protecting it  Their constitution also banned secession   They were also entirely founded upon slavery, which is the complete opposite of "Self governance". It's someone else controlling you and what you do.
Furries have existed for far longer than the Confederacy _and_ Annoying Orange. Furries have more heritage than the Confederacy did.  Thanky for listen :3
Fun fact: most people who defend "grey morality" (that I've met, at least) are usually just trying to peddle objectively evil stuff as "acceptable" They do it with slavery, they do it with civil war, they do it for manifest destiny and if you mess around with the 40K fandom, some will do it even for literal, albeit hypothetical, genocide.  And that's disturbing.    Little edit, but I forgot to consider that Manifest Destiny already included genocide by design. Oopsie!
Yknow what was pretty black and white? American slavery.
Not the annoying orange reference 😭
0:45, what does "a jay cent" mean?
It's funny that you intolerant bigots are telling me to leave and stop talking. Grow up. You people are constantly here but only get angry when I come here. You're all ignorant and obsessed with me.
Annoying orange has lasted longer then not just the confederacy like 20 others too I’ll list them if you all want
Jr Melendez (Aka Chris135x), 2025 you're still going... Please actually talk with people irl
Ooh my gosh me asking please worked CHRIS STOPPED REPLYING
As a southerner… yeah we succeeded ‘cause of slavery and then caused the deadliest war in American history… :[
Chris what if I said please stop replying and commenting?
Cheer~~~a league or alliance, especially of confederate states.😊
Goodnight Chris, goodnight new comer who’s commenting on this video instead of spending time with his kids or farm, good night other nameless guys who’s exposure to history is years of their out of touch and isolated families rambling, and good night normal people………especially u spy👍
Let’s say the North *was* trying to force the South to abolish slavery before the war.  That would have been good.
The wait for gta 6 has last longer than the confederacy
Don’t forget that Texas seceded TWICE from their countries (Mexico and then USA) because of wanting to protect their “rights” to slaves.  A bunch of evil Anglo-Americans just can’t go on without their slaves at this time..
nah slavery been around for a long time and the north also did it
I'm glad my civil war descendants are Union...
Lincoln said he didn't care if slaves were freed or not.
🛌 💤
Wow. Now you clowns are vaguely referring to me as "it". Very typical of a left leaning parasite. Dehumanize someone because they're different in some way.
1:15 (captions) you see, your mistake was using Twitter
We gotta bring back the confederacy
Ok it’s has been silent for a total of 1 hour now…
I still can't get over Americans saying that the Confederacy was part of "tHeIr HeRiTaGe". The CSA lasted 4 years. N*zi Germany lasted 12. Even if you added up those numbers and multiplied them by 2, it would still be a shorter life span than Thomas the fucking Tank Engine.  EDIT: The fuck is going on in the replies?
States rights to govern themselves from a tyran federal government cause it makes sense that we genocide a group of people while we try to free another made a lot of sense
State rights do what you bums? 😂
Why is slavery wrong to begin with? If people are still treated as people, what's the problem? What if someone wants to be controlled by another person? It's almost BDSM at that point.
wow Captain K'nuckles got racist
ITS MAH KULTURE
My friend showed this video to our US History teacher before he remembered there was swearing
The States right to govern
I fucking love how much of this comment section is purely shitting on Chris at this point lmao
Why should it matter what they want to use them for? You don't have any authority. If we want to keep slaves, we will, and you can't stop us.
EACH DIXIE BOY MUST UNDERSTAND THAT HE MUST MIND HIS UNCLE SAM!!!🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
A list of things Chris135x has lied about:  Chris lied about what racism is. (He was given the real definition multiple times.)   Chris has falsely claimed that confederates did not fight for slavery. (Despite the overwhelming evidence)   Chris falsely claimed that modern democrats want slavery.   These are just the ones I remember. He’s been doing this crap for so long who knows how many more lies he made. He constantly ignores facts/evidence and blatantly lies all the time. He’s not only stupid but also corrupt. He’s an embarrassment to my country the USA. Please people do not think that fool represents all of us.
0:31 ironically he is the first one to mention slavery by name in this video sucker fell into the trap
A list of things that have lasted longer than the Confederacy: Pokemon Phineas & Ferb The Annoying Orange The world's longest playthrough of Skyrim Feel free to add more!
"the average Confederate soldier wasn't fighting fir slavery" ok and? They aren't the people in charge and the people in charge were
Apparently, the African slaves in the North who helped build the railroads weren't really slaves. They were indentured servants. According to the Union clowns.
Just to inform everyone, Chris135x does not know anything about history, he said before I quote, "The people of  Germany back in the 1940s elected Hitler. The people allowed the Holocaust to happen. History isn't always black or white."  Which is wrong 100% wrong if one does basic research. The only election Hitler was an active candidate in was the 1932 German presidential election, and he lost in that election by a wide margin to Paul von Hindenburg. He only got into power when Paul appointed him as the councilor and after he died Hitler basically consolidated his power to combine both president and councilor offices into one to make himself head of state while he and his party also took advantage of the Reichstag fire.  So yeah he has no idea what he is talking about.
Only someone who worships the top level of a government sides with the Union. If you think artificially phasing things out doesn't cause more problems, then you don't know history.
Fed loser 😂
It was about states rights tho
"Very few things in history are black and white" Yeah this is one of them.
Hopefully he doesn't complain about the General Lee car
Comment section is Gold 🍿
They are a small group of people whom the government are condoning the mistreatment of… Yes, if you create a video that amplifies that mistreatment towards them, they are probably going to respond with threats of violence, I don’t know why that one surprised you.
Some pro-slavery quotations from confederate leaders and documents " No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law denying or impairing the right of property in negro slaves shall be passed"   "The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States; and shall have the right of transit and sojourn in any State of this Confederacy, with their slaves and other property; and the right of property in said slaves shall not be thereby impaired"  "The Confederate States may acquire new territory; and Congress shall have power to legislate and provide governments for the inhabitants of all territory belonging to the Confederate States, lying without the limits of the several Sates; and may permit them, at such times, and in such manner as it may by law provide, to form States to be admitted into the Confederacy. In all such territory the institution of negro slavery, as it now exists in the Confederate States, shall be recognized and protected be Congress and by the Territorial government; and the inhabitants of the several Confederate States and Territories shall have the right to take to such Territory any slaves lawfully held by them in any of the States or Territories of the Confederate States"  "Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth. " -Confederate VP
Black or not we are all just an egg
State's rights to govern themselves.
As a former confederate supporter, he's right about everything in this. All they talk about is "states rights" and freak out when you provide real evidence.
Nothing not even this compares the Ancient Roman Empire  Rome did have slaves, gets it through conquest as POWs becoming slaves as part of War Booty making the Roman Armies not just Slave Owners, but also Combat Veterans.  Get this, Rome lasted for Centuries unlike the weak CSA
I could quit checking in and you clowns would still talk about me. Obsessed.
It's been many months. I hope that chris135x guy has finally left ☺
I mean, I dunno much about the US civil war, but from what I understand saying it was over slavery is kind of like saying WW1 was over the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, because yes it was, but that spark was only so significant because it happened in a box of dynamite.
I agree on alot of this but the south existed as a "cultural entity" ever since the United States was founded so really yes the governing body of the confederacy lasted 5 years but the theoretical concept of the confederacy and the cultural divide existed right when the U.S was founded so the whole rant that the annoying orange outlived the confederacy is a "eh" but your right about 99% of the people who go along with the ideas of the man in the hat are pretty stuipid
The funny thing is, the average person living in the south didn’t even own slaves. State’s rights just means the ability of the rich to violate human rights for money.
What was the song at the end of
Democrats wanted to allow slavery back then and they still do.
War means different things to different people. The people who owned slaves certainly fought for slavery. But the people who didn't probably cared more about the tax hike. Once it kicked off the new recruits probably cared very much about Sherman's war crimes. One side dosen't have to be right, they can both be different flavors of evil.
can we @chris135x and @chrisI35x and  @spytf2-pb3yo to all reply to this? the 3 legends of this video!
I am now a comment
All those people talking about Republicans. Um Republicans freed the slaves and the "Democratic" Party created the KKK. Just for quick history lesson.   But to the point, States rights to do what? Some will say Tarrifs. That's BS. Tarrifs were not the main reason why the South seceded. The number 1 reason was the money that would be lost on plantations which were the only economic benefit of their agrarian economy
im just gonna drop this, had we listened to Jefferson Davis and Robert E lee we may not have had to deal with the Industrial Revolution or its consequences. and a lot fewer people would have died, also black would have gotten their rights sooner as a result of integration which was planned by the Davis administration. Unfortunately they literally didn't have the money and Lincoln would not give it too them due to him fearing it would create competition for political power. (the north didn't think the south was a real threat until the south won the first few battles)
Good job doobus you really aniahlated that strawman
Eventually my entire algorithm will only be this video
0:15
I can defend the confedarcy
The Wii U also outlived the confederacy
How dare you disrespect the south
Crazy that I haven’t debated Chris since last year. Happy new year everybody.
Happy New Year everyone!!!!
Even if the war wasn't about slavery, the South still wanted slavery so they have literally no excuse.
God Bless America
Yeah that’s the annoying thing about it. They use the otherwise pretty reasonable concept of state’s rights to try and cling to their ability to enslave people. It was a straw to grasp at.   The thing I’d worry about is that the whole concept has been tainted by association with the traitors. Among other things.
States rights to own slaves🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥
my outlaw ass starting chapter 3 in rdr2
So far, three of you chose to talk about me. Imagine that. You're obsessed with me.
How certain are we that Chris isnt a Russian misinformation bot?
According to Chris135x, "History is written by the vickors" to defend against information related to the confederacy's evil, which by his logic the Nazi's being evil can't be correct since the allies were the vickors themselves as the Union was to the confederacy according to him.   He also calls Nazi's are Leftist over by them having the word "socialist" in there party name, which by his logic means he thinks North Korea is a democratic republic for the people just because they officially call themselves "The Democratic people's republic of Korea.". And has yet to say what "leftist" polices the Nazi's actually implement in the first place.
Common chris misinformation debunk time "The north... they still wanted slaveyr!!!" This is so far from the truth that I don't know why you're still repeating it. Firstly, every single state to first abolish slavery was northern. ​  -Pennsylvania: In 1780, they passed "An act for the gradual abolition of slavery" which slowly freed all slaves in the state. By the time of the civil war, there were practically no slaves. The details of this act prove that they were banning slavery  -New york: In 1799, they also passed an act based off of pennyslvania's.  It was also titled "An act for the gradual abolition of slavery" Eventually, in 1827, all slaves were freed.   -Vermont: When they were their own country, their constituion banned slavery. Article 1, section 1 said "Therefore, no male person, born in this country, or brought from over sea, ought to be holden by law, to serve any person, as a servant, slave, or apprentice..  When they joined the US, they kept the same constitution. Meaning slavery stayed banned.  -Northwest ordinance of 1787: This banned slavery in ohio, michigan, minnesoda, wisconsin, indiana, and illinois.  In article 6, it said: "There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in the [northwest] territory, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted..."  Already, 9 states have banned slavery. Which is far more than your claim, which is 0 states banning slavery. Let's keep going.  Iowa: Joined as a free state in 1846.  In article 1, section 23 of their constitution, they said: "There shall be no slavery in this State; nor shall there be involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crime. "  California: Again, joined as a free state in 1849. Their constitution stated "Neither slavery, nor involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes, shall ever be tolerated in this State." in article 1, section 18  Washington DC: Lincoln banned slavery in this stated in 1862, during the war. Not only does this invalidate your point that lincoln didn't care about slavery, it proves that the south clearly wanted to preserve it. The only reason they were able to ban it was because all the southern politicians left  Kansas: Joined as a free state, their constitution made slavery illegal  Oregon: Joined as a free state, their constitution made slavery illegal  Plus, they literally issued the emancipation proclamation and 13th amendment, which banned slavery in the south and the entire country.
The confederacy was an oligarchy of wealthy plantation owners using propaganda to convince young white men to fight for slavery even though slavery made it near impossible for them to find decent paying work in the first place due to... y'know, the fact everyone with money just bought slaves to do it all.   They were fighting for something that was actively making their lives worse. Thats what utterly baffles me about ppl who defend the confederacy. Ppl like them, if slavery was still around, wouldnt even benefit from it, in fact it would make it even harder for them to get out of poverty.
State's rights to govern themselves. The Tenth Amendment literally says so. Even after the civil war ended, the Tenth Amendment still applied. Meaning the North allowed it after the war.
1:05 it gets better the Confederacy’s population was 5 Million. The annoying orange’s first video has 262 MILLION views. The annoying orange has impacted more lives than the confederacy ever did.
It was mostly about wanting a weaker central government over fear of to much control in their daily life.
states rights to do some wild west shit on they ahh
The only reason the north was against slavery was because of the booming industry. They knew chattel slavery would be quite impossible to compete in the job market. Something to acknowledge, the north still was extremely racist. The north did not believe in ending slavery because slavery is inhumane. Abraham Lincoln initially when becoming president claimed he wasn’t going to touch slavery (nor do I think a president had that power) it was the south (aside from 3 states) that seceded and attempted to become its own “nation” it was then later after the war occurred and ended that slavery was abolished. The north attempted to give what they called freeman (freed slaves) rights. But after 10 or so years of the south ignoring these laws and such the north gave away and allowed their state rights. This is why despite being “freed” Jim Crow laws and such occurred. The north “cared” but like didn’t care too much because these state right bs things kept a form of slavery such as that going for another 100 years. Can you believe that? Becoming free only to have some BS reason to go to prison or be forced to work for your previous master for measly wages. Cotten picking went well into the 1900s which is just so sad. So the confederacy did sort of win in a lot of ways. And the north sort of did too. When we look at in this way the north cared too a fault, and since they did end slavery it sort of left the proceeding issues there. To me it’s sort of silly though even to assume the north were the good guys because then after everything they stayed back and allowed the south the continue in its ways. By doing nothing silently they at least had to be okay with it. Ps I got a B in my American history class I just finished this semester in college lol
God bless John Brown
It seems uncool Chris has also failed politics class too. He seems to think anyone who’s not moronic and insane like him is somehow a liberal. He doesn’t know what a liberal or conservative is. He probably knows next to nothing how our government works
Merry Christmas y'all!!! 🎄
So not only did Chris fail history. He also failed English too. He constantly uses words he doesn’t understand and screams that other peoples arguments don’t make sense even though they’re explained clearly and factually. He probably got a failing grade in school multiple times and never truly finished. He must be a dropout
Christmas is here. All I want for Christmas is one answer from our good ol' friend, Chris.  Why? You chose this singular topic to waste an entire year arguing over. We're no saints either, mind you. I spent a lot of time coming back here to spectate, only recently actually starting to comment. I've seen it all from the very beginning. You were actually fairly collected at the start but at this very moment you just choose to be hostile even to questions that aren't even aggressive to begin with. Sometimes not even reading comments before replying.  Let's not get started on using an alt account and deleting your own comments to try again.  Nobody can change your mind. You're unable to change everyone's mind.  So why continue? This is a genuine question, by the way. No attempt here to diss you. I'm a curious little goblin.
Representation in congress is about how much population a state had. And because of the 3/5ths comprise 3/5ths the population of slaves counted for the the population of southern states. Southern states had less of a population than northern states. So getting rid of slaves cut the population of southern states. Cutting the population of southern states means less representation in congress to fight against or for laws.
🇺🇲🇺🇲😎
pretty soon 2025-2028 is going to follow this most likely
This is so real
In the words of johnny rebel "I like sugar and I like tea"
It’s was more than slavery. There was lots of grief about state tariffs, trade policies/regulations, border disagreements, etc etc etc.  Slavery was, however, the issue in bold font.
My old YouTube account lasted longer then the confederacy, 7 years
The production cycle of Duke Nukem Forever lasted for longer than the Confederacy and The Third Reich.
Crazy that Lincoln didn't even want to outright abolish slavery at first, he was just planning on stopping it from spreading to new states in the west, and South Carolina STILL seceded before he was even inaugurated. The eternal most batshit state, no matter what people say about Florida.
Im from the south and I do not POSSIBLY understand how someone who is a “patriot” and “loves their country” can also think that the confederacy was anything but abunch of traitor trash.
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
And of course the states' right to protect their crumbling agricultural economy that was under attack from union factory owners, but of course let's just glaze over that and pretend that it was 100% about slavery and NOTHING else. Yep, no....blackwashing....here.
This is accurate.
You know what’s sad? If chris keeps this up he’ll forever be a loser nobody with no accomplishments. No one will ever take him seriously or even acknowledge him. He’ll be all alone and have no future and no friends. I’m not even joking when I say this.
Chris135x (Jr. Melendez) trying his best to pretend the confederacy didn't do anything wrong will going to be longer than confederacy existence if you wait for the next year.
Was the Barbary slave trade bad?
Hard proof the confederacy was treasonous: The united states constitution defines treason as "Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort." And the south fired on multiple union forts to "levy war", with fort sumter being the most notable.
States rights to own farming equipment
STATESRIGHTTODOWHAT?!
the gameboy family from the first brick to the GBA micro lasted around 16 years while the confederacy lasted 4 years  thus the gameboy (which made nintendo the greatest handheld maker) lasted 4 time longer than the CSA (which was a bunch of whiny racist white guys who became traitors just to keep slaves) and thus the gameboy has more heritage
The Confederacy’s true purpose was to preserve and expand slavery, as made explicit in both their constitution and the declarations of secession by Confederate states.  Confederate Constitution Provisions Protecting Slavery  Article I, Section 9, Clause 4: "No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law denying or impairing the right of property in negro slaves shall be passed."  Prohibition of Emancipation: No Confederate state could outlaw slavery. This made slavery a permanent institution, showing the Confederacy’s primary goal was not states’ rights but the preservation of slavery. Statements from Confederate Leaders  Alexander H. Stephens (Vice President of the Confederacy): In his "Cornerstone Speech" (1861):  "Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery—subordination to the superior race—is his natural and normal condition."  Mississippi’s Declaration of Secession:  "Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world."  Georgia’s Declaration of Secession:  "For the last ten years we have had numerous and serious causes of complaint against our non-slave-holding confederate States with reference to the subject of African slavery."  Texas Declaration of Secession:  "We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States... were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race."  While claiming to fight for the right to self-governance, the Confederate Constitution explicitly prohibited states from leaving the Confederacy:  Article I, Section 10, Clause 3: "No state shall, without the consent of the Congress, enter into any agreement or compact with another state or with a foreign power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay."
i love how he keeps saying 'but.. but... states rights' like its going to excuse him for being racist
“Our new government['s]... foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests upon the great truth, that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery—subordination to the superior race—is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth.” -Alexander H. Stephens, March 21st, 1861  And yet they still say it was about “states “rights””
The annoying orange drawing is so funny
Okay but making the north out to be outright good guys who were totally going to abolish slavery anyway is just a fucking lie. The government was never going to abolish something they made so much money on, they only did it because it became advantageous
We can’t forget that the Union was also pretty bad, They did the child labor thing and also a lot of native genocide. (everyone did) So we shouldn’t be fan boying the Union either. It’s important to learn from our past and distance ourselves from it. We’re not those people anymore and we should never be like them again
Got to love Chris for whenever the Fugitive slave act is brought his response is either “the parties never switch” which doesn't change the fact of the southern states hypocrisy on “states rights” regardless of what party they were. Or that “the Democrats made that law” which is laughable considering almost all the Southern State governors at the time the act was passed and the around when the Civil war started were Democrats
The Simpsons have more heritage than the Confederacy. 35 years of Simpsons. 😂
Fun Fact: My Hero Academia has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Plot twist: chrisI35x is actually chris135x's alternate personality
Okay, so I’ve been hearing some arguments floating around, and I want to address them because facts matter. Let’s break this down:  1. The Tenth Amendment Argument The Tenth Amendment gives powers not delegated to the federal government to the states, but it doesn’t mean states can do whatever they want—especially if it violates basic human rights. The Confederacy claimed to fight for "states’ rights," but let’s be real: the right they were fighting for was slavery. If the Confederacy truly cared about states' rights, they wouldn’t have made it illegal for a state to secede from the Confederacy once they joined. That hypocrisy speaks volumes about their real priorities.  2. "The Union Were the Traitors" This one’s wild. The Confederacy was literally a group of states that rebelled against the federal government to form their own nation. That’s the definition of treason. The Union, by contrast, fought to preserve the country as a whole. The Confederacy didn’t just leave—they attacked first at Fort Sumter, starting the Civil War. The Union's fight wasn’t perfect, but labeling them as the traitors ignores who was trying to dismantle the U.S. entirely.  3. "The Parties Didn’t Switch" Oh, but they did. It wasn’t an overnight switch; it was gradual, spanning decades. Before the Civil Rights Movement, the Democratic Party had a stronghold in the South, largely made up of conservative, pro-segregation voters. But when Democratic leaders like President Lyndon B. Johnson pushed civil rights legislation in the 1960s, those Southern conservatives began shifting to the Republican Party, which used strategies like the "Southern Strategy" to appeal to their discontent. That’s why today, the South—a region once dominated by Democrats—is now a Republican stronghold, and the people most likely to defend the Confederacy tend to align with the GOP.  History is messy, but when you dig into the facts, the patterns become clear. It’s not about blaming one party or group—it’s about understanding how we got here so we can learn from it.
Tenth Amendment......Union was the side of traitors.....Parties didn't switch.........
Hey everyone, so we had this intense history discussion in class today about the Confederacy and its roots in slavery, and I’ve been thinking about it nonstop. First off, yes, slavery still exists in the world, and it’s as awful and inhumane now as it’s ever been. But the reason we focus so much on slavery in America—especially when discussing the Confederacy—is because we’re analyzing our history and its lasting impact.  Something we dug into was how the Confederacy's constitution was eerily similar to the U.S. Constitution, except for the parts specifically protecting slavery. They built an entire system around it, even banning states from leaving the Confederacy once they joined. So, the whole "states' rights" argument? It falls apart when you realize those rights only mattered if they protected slavery.  Another big topic was the historical shift in political parties. Yes, the Democrats were the party of slavery back then—but the parties switched ideologies over time, especially during the Civil Rights Movement. It’s why today, the majority of people defending the Confederacy tend to align with the Republican Party. History is complicated, but that’s what makes it so fascinating to study.  Learning all this doesn’t make the past easier to grapple with, but it does make it clearer. Talking about this stuff can be uncomfortable, but it’s important. The more we understand history, the better we can work toward a future where we don’t repeat these mistakes. Here’s to continuing the conversation!
This is a masterpiece❤🎉
Why the f*%k are you stereotyping southerners as "ignorant, hillbilly, Confederate supporters?!"
Why did you stereotype southerns?
So... I'm pretty sure 89.7% of this is wrong. I mean, yes slavery was bad, but THE UNION DID THE SAME THING. The war started because the confederate a wanted to trade without giving taxes to people. (And other things mind that) I'm not racist, but I proudly fly a flag. Also, we lost only because we were out supplied and out numbered. End of rant. Please do not get md. Thx
The Tenth Amendment literally says "state's rights to govern themselves even if not appointed to the state governments". It's not my fault you don't know anything about this. And the Union committed treason for infringing on the TENTH Amendment.
Do we really need to keep saying that? We all know slavery is bad, even if people support it, they know it's bad. "Hey guys guess what? Hitler was evil!" No kidding Einstein!
Yeah confederate people sucks
My old DeviantArt account is lasting longer than the Confederacy lmao
As we near the end of the year, Chris degrades further to an emotional state.  Which is ironic when he claims everyone but him is offended 🤔
No, the Confederacy initially wanted to become a separate country; it wasn't until during the civil war it become more about slavery.
Chris it seems to me that you do not care to learn the truth and simply wish to remain ignorant as in your response to everyone's comments, you just say that we're lying without proof of us lying and continue to shove your head in the sand, chris where is the proof that the republican and democrats didn't change policies as you have yet to show proof or sources while others have sources and I've read through them all and know for a fact that the policie switch did happen as both my parents where around during this time and I myself was born on the tale end of it.
Away down south in the land of traitors
Chris has just admitted that he would vote for senator Armstrong from metal gear rising. The same Armstrong who believed the ends justified the means and who profited from the war economy and who supported and aligned with a company that abducted children and removed their brains to plant them inside machines. Chris has once again shown how insane and awful he is
Yeah. You people should learn the history of the United States of America. Especially if you're born and raised in the United States. Do you think the police have the right to violate the Fourth and Fifth Amendments in the United States?
States right to be free from federal overreach actually. Learn history.
Raiden: what’s your source senator?   Senator Armstrong: my source is that I made up the f*** up.   Raiden = everyone  Senator Armstrong = Chris 135x
In Waiting time from Armored core verdict day to AC6 confederacy is collapse atleast  2 time
Chris the reason no one will believe you is that they have sources and receipts will you only have nu uh and no you or you lied, Chris until you cite your knowledge it doesn't matter what you say.
Both sides had slaves and the first trade ships started in the north if u actually read a Confederate book u will find  the truth this is all true in fact the guy that started the Confederatce was an American patriot cause the north was taxing the south and the union started the war and lied about spreading propaganda to people through news paper and original trade ships arrived in the north and here is a fun fact the union commanders had slaves! Wow isn't that crazy and here is another fact the Southern commanders didn't have slaves don't let school system lie to you
At this point Chris is just crying out for attention.  Itll be healthier for everyone to post truly informative comments independently of his to counter him and ignore his replies since he'll refuse to change
Chris get a life and stop wasting your life away in a YouTube comment section
It's sickening to think that there are still slaves on this World.
This might be the most honest discussion about US history in a while.
Chris. You keep repeating the same points about the confederacy ad nauseam, but don't actually prove anything.  The Civil War was absolutely for the rights for fellow humans to be freed, you're just a little racist.
i need this on a sticker i can put on the back of my car because the amount of people i see driving trucks with confederate flags on them where i live is nauseating
My favorite video
To always make me laugh, "States right to do what, you fucking traitor?" and of course, "Get Douglas'd"
States' rights to do yo momma
Also the dudes advocating for actual fascism or absolute monarchy. It's ironic to try justifying the Confederacy with the "states' rights" argument while holding onto a worldview that presupposes authoritarian or autocratic systems of government, the very things the Founding Fathers fought against.
Kinda weird to think that the most vocal neo-Confederate apologist in this comments section might be Hispanic all along
Chris's continued mental degredation as they try again and again and again to prove a failed point is both interesting and sad.  How many months has it been?
I'm not American and it is only because of this video that I got a recurring environmental joke in the GTA games
Since Chris keeps arguing that the Confederates were democrats and that “the parties never switched”, here’s a list of the last 5 governors (including the current governor) of each southern state (the ones that were in the confederacy) and their political party.  *Alabama:* Kay Ivey - Republican Robert J Bentley - Republican Bob Riley - Republican Don Siegelman - Democrat Fob James - Republican  *Arkansas:* Sarah Huckabee Sanders - Republican Asa Hutchinson - Republican Mike Beebe - Democrat Mike Huckabee - Republican Jim Guy Tucker - Democrat  *Florida:* Ron DeSantis - Republican Rick Scott - Republican Charlie Crist - Republican Jeb Bush - Republican Buddy McKay - Democrat  *Georgia:* Brian Kemp - Republican Nathan Deal - Republican Sonny Perdue - Republican Roy Barnes - Democrat Zell Miller - Democrat  *Louisiana:* Jeff Landry - Republican John Bel Edwards - Democrat Bobby Jindal - Republican Kathleen Blanco - Democrat Mike Foster - Republican   *Mississippi:* Tate Reeves - Republican Phil Bryant - Republican Haley Barbour - Republican Ronnie Musgrove - Democrat Kirk Fordice - Republican  *North Carolina:* Roy Cooper - Democrat Pat McCrory - Republican Bev Perdue - Democrat Mike Easley - Democrat Jim Hunt - Democrat  *Oklahoma:* Kevin Stitt - Republican Mary Fallin - Republican Brad Henry - Democrat Frank Keating - Republican David Walters - Democrat  *South Carolina:* Henry McMaster - Republican Nikki Haley - Republican Mark Sanford - Republican Jim Hodges - Democrat David Beasley - Republican  *Tennessee:* Bill Lee - Republican Bill Haslam - Republican Phil Bredesen - Democrat Don Sundquist - Republican Ned McWherter - Democrat  *Texas:* Greg Abbott - Republican Rick Perry - Republican George W Bush - Republican Ann Richards - Democrat Bill Clements - Republican  *Virginia:* Glenn Youngkin - Republican Ralph Northam - Democrat Terry McAuliffe - Democrat Bob McDonnell - Republican Tim Kaine - Democrat  “tHe cOnfEdeRatEs wErE dEmoCrAts aNd tHe pArtiEs nEveR sWitcHeD”
Take a shot every time a neo confederate snowflake rages in the comments
gulag
if you support the union likes this
the most based thing I've seen all day.
Who cares about skin color? We are all red on the inside. :D
"The Federal Government could have handled it differently" -Chris The federal government didn't have a chance to "handle it" before the Confederacy started shooting.
Trump supporters in a nutshell
Also, for any Robert E. Lee fanboys who find this, I highly doubt he would have wanted us to be building statues of him.
1:10 Frederick Douglass was so baller
We’l all go down to Dickey!
fun fact for bri’ish people: Mrs Browns Boys has existed *LONGER THAN THE CONFEDERACY*
What’s more is that the confederacy was everything they accused the Union of.   “Northern aggressors” the confederates not only fired first but raided tons of federal property and stole many weapons and raised an army of 100,000 all before the war even started.  “Over reaching government” the confederate government was far more overreaching to the southern people than the Union ever was. They immediately made it illegal to outlaw slavery.  “Oppression of people” the confederates were oppressing over 4 million men, women and children. And treated them like property.   Confederates were massive hypocrites
Funny thing is the actual annoying orange YouTube account aknoleges this fact
chris going around trying to fight everyone will never not be funny to me lol
Quick reminder, as of this year Five Nights at Freddy's has lasted TWICE as long as team traitor ever did.
I support the Confederacy for heritage not hate. The only reason i do is my great great grandpappy great grea uncles fought for their farms. Not slavery the Confederacy brain washed them into thinking the north would take it. Being blind they believed the propaganda. And with that propaganda in their minds they felt betrayed.Not any one of them owned a slave. They fought tho. And they were never the same i have their journals of all of the events from 1859-1871 they were devastated when they found out it was a lie. Slavery was horrible. But they "fought for there farms". The key thing is they fought for a cause. there farms. Thats why i consider it heritage ad not hate from a few brave ancestors.
Your video was cringe and oversimplifies history XD
Away down south in the land of traitors
Johnny Reb : You would die for some slaves  Billy Yank : Well, someone is
that fredrick douglass part is the best
"States rights do what?" States rights are going to ban abortion in red states
Chris are you pro-Vorobey or pro-Venusian?
Here's a friend reminder that the Democrat party fought for their state rights to preserve slavery.
this video getting post around alot again in few severs i am in   when the right try to pull the state right bullshit with what going on in the world right now
This video is manipulation. The author manipulates the feelings of the viewer. "Slavery is bad, therefore the Confederacy is bad." Then the Founding Fathers of the United States are also bad, because they were plantation owners and had their own slaves. As a historian, I can say that the war was not fought to abolish or preserve slavery, but for political and economic interests, like any other war. Slavery was just a tool in this fight. Fun fact: did you know that the North benefited from southern slavery, since very cheap cotton was sent from the South to the North? And when the South began selling its cotton to Britain, the North did not like it. History does not work that way. If something disgusts us now, it does not mean that 150 years ago it was just as bad.
This video is manipulation. The author manipulates the feelings of the viewer. "Slavery is bad, therefore the Confederacy is bad." Then the Founding Fathers of the United States are also bad, because they were plantation owners and had their own slaves. As a historian, I can say that the war was not fought to abolish or preserve slavery, but for political and economic interests, like any other war. Slavery was just a tool in this fight. Fun fact: did you know that the North benefited from southern slavery, since very cheap cotton was sent from the South to the North? And when the South began selling its cotton to Britain, the North did not like it. History does not work that way. If something disgusts us now, it does not mean that 150 years ago it was just as bad.
One detail you got wrong, at least according to my history classes. Abe was against slavery, but didn't exactly seek to abolish it during his presidency. His goal regarding slavery was to simply stop it from growing, and let slavery kill itself off.   The only reason why I point this out is because it makes the confederacy seem even weaker because it was the fact that a president with an approach to slavery as weak as that was enough to make them sever themselves from the U.S. with such hostility.  Edit: remembered another detail. According to The Civil War Oversimplified, it took abe around half of the civil war to declare that the civil war was over slavery, and it was only because the war needed a more nobel cause to keep the British from assisting the confederacy so the confederacy could get back to selling them stuff.
amen
I just realized, the Annoying Orange has outlived the Nutzis... what world do we live in.
nah bro who tf is chris and why is he everywhere 😭🙏 chris lore is actually insane Edit: I left you all for, like, 20 hours and this is what I come back to?
The confederacy absolutely cared about the black and the white
Sad to say, but Trump's presidency lasted longer than the Confederacy
Wow, the confederacy was bad? This is such a new and brave and stunning opinion. No one has ever had this opinion before you. I am so glad YouTubers are using the platform to talk about things no one has ever talked about. Maybe next he can talk about why ISIS is bad (No one has EVER done that either!)
Chris, a reminder that neo-confeds are cringe and bluepilled. We have already depicted you as the soyboy and we as the gigachad, therefore you lose.
If you wanna argue for the confederacy, Dixie pride, secession, and of course slavery. Go right ahead... because at the end of the day it doesn't change that fact you dirty rebs lost that war 😂
Slavery is bad.
Not tryna run apoligia for the Confederacy but the USA has literal legal slavery to this day, read the 13th amendment more thoroughly an you will notice a rather peculiar exemption.
It's like watching Kermit on acid. But educational.
Dearh to you Dixie power the south shall rise again
Imagine being a country of freedom, but not letting your states make another country without you. Great job US.
Just know that if you support the confed, for whatever reason (and yes this is absolute) you support slavery, no exeptions Chris can you please cope in another person’s comment
You know why I'm so passive agressive? Because unlike some I have ✨class✨
Chris, just a reminder that “people moving around” is not a valid reason as to why the south is voting Republican today rather than voting Democrat.
As a spanish southern man i will tell you why, and it's a big secret, they wouldn't fund the pool party.
Bloody Bill Anderson was pretty cool. 20 something union soldiers or something like that 😂 iykyk
Chris135 needs a job becuse why tf is he STILL here?
Their succession made the Union abolished slavery. It was on the maybe fence but the civil war basically made them go on fuck slavery.
Well, true, but it was not only with slavery
Slavery still wasn't abolished for moral reasons. And slavery still exists despite it being illegal. Why not talk about things that are currently happening?
“get douglas” 🗣️🗣️
If I was a union general I would've made sure those traitors didn't want to live in Dixie.
The entire United States of America did allow slavery. It wasn't just the South. Lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery. Slavery still exists. Government laws and regulations don't dictate morals, values and principles. The two sides never switched.
this is a video to be fun, anf yes, it has a point, but, if you want a real argument to be made.   first of, yes, the leaders of the conffederancy realy did want to maintain slavery, and yes, this was a main goal, and most people in the conffederacy agreed with it...   but you cannot also let out the fact that they indeed also had the argument of "the north states cannot simply impose their rules onto us" because it is that thing (and again, i annot express this enough, SLAVERY IS BAD! i am agaisnt not only slavery back than, bt the slavery that happens today in africa, middle east and asia) lets say that i say somethign stupid... like... "i should have the right of walking around with my penis sticking out of my pants" and you say "thats stupid i will not let you do that" (personaly i agree, it is stupid) but than i can just go on a tangent and say "lets make pride parade illegal, becaus there are a lot of people dressing in an improper way in it (and it is true, there are people who outright go with BDSM clothing to these things) do you see a problem?   slavery is wrong, but the argument that "one group of people cannot push their ideology into another group of people" is still valid, as much as the argument was used to support something terrible like slavery.   there were, in fact (even tough a minority) soldiers from the confederacy who were agaisnt slavery, but fought on the principle that they should have a say in the matter, as a matter of fact, one of the reasons the north won, WAS because a lot of people in the south were against slavery to begging with.   but being fair i'm not expecting people to understand what i'm saying... my expectatives are pretty lo and i think that someone will just come here and say i support slavery...
The North did not march into the South while accepting four slave states into the Union to free the slaves. You're a loser
We wanted to keep slavery, yes, but only 6% of people owned slaves. Besides that are you just going to forget the fact that South made 30% of total US population and after Lincoln got elected they were paying over 70% of all taxes.
To be based and red pilled cope
Craziest thing about this video is how much it feels like a strawman. No way this is actually what people are saying. But no, it's not a strawman, this is a real person.
1:04  What's crazy is that I actually did search it up...by Google's means the the annoying orange somehow lasted longer then the Confederacy...
And who's textile manufacturing profited from all that cheap cotton?
Live in Raleigh, NC, and BELIEVE ME THIS SHIT STANDS GOING INTO 2025. Sad people hold these beliefs, but the South has these pockets of utter, disgusting hatred
Lincoln had no intention of ending slavery. When confederates forces opened fire at Ft.Sumpter union forces mobilzed to protect federal property.
It was both slavery and states’ rights
Hell yeah
There had been tariffs put on cotton which was there only income. the north was Attacking their right to abolish those taxes.also the North weren't exactly the good guys either. When the south attacked they occupied and paid for the stuff they took, however when the North invaded they stole anything of value killed half of the population both white and black, and proceeded to burn anything that was left. It wasn't even about slavery until five months before the war ended.
it wasn't all slavery, but okay just shout over history because it hurts your feefees
Who is saying that the Confederacy was good? You mean the White Nationalist who are less than 1% of the population that Biden called the number one threat of the United States? 😂 Thank God Trump got Elected for a second term to end this delusional crap.
This needs to be shown in schools as educational material, I would've retained that
To be honest I don't really care, I just hate stupid people who defend evil.  Go ahead call me simple minded, I don't care.
The south loves states rights. Except for the 3/5ths compromise. and the fugitive slave act. and the Missouri compromise. Or any other time there was the possibility of free states outnumbering slave states.
GOD BLESS AMERICA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸💸💵🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
Blud Geometry Dash waited for 2.2 longer than the Confederacy.
history is history cant change it cant censor it
The US Civil War was about state rights and their right to cede from the union. It wasn't until the war was under weigh that slavery became a reason for the war due to mounting international pressures. Other countries would have defended the South when it was about state rights. As soon as it became about slavery it prevented other countries from having a justifiable reason to defend the Confederacy.  Do keep in mind that this is information that has been accumulated over my life with the most recent addition to the information I can recall being added over 2 years ago.
it was funny that the confederates moved up to the north after the war because they were losing money without their slaves
They can't even argue it's "states' right to allow slavery" when their own constitution outright forbade the abolition of slavery post-facto. Literally it took away the rights of states to abolish slavery at a later date. States' rights my ass.
About a year later, I'm now just realizing at 0:41 Doobus put succeed instead of secede (even succeded in the captions instead of seceded) might be just a joke, also sorry for being a bit of 🤓
The confederacy’s plans after winning the civil war was to invade Mexico and take it over probably enslaving Mexicans too but either way that’s territorial conquest which is evil
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away), come away (come away) Right away (right away), come away And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away), come away (come away) Ride away (ride away), come away We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away), away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
Idiotic
The civil war was fought over a state’s right to secede.   The secession crisis occurred primarily due to slavery.  There’s your answer. Enjoy.
That’s the northern Virginian army flag fyi but yeah crazy world we use to live in
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
It was about the states running things their own way. People still fight this to this day Roe V. Wayde was a good example of this where people didn't want the federal government to decide how states should run regarding abortion laws. People now state that abortion was targeted in Roe V. Wayde, but it wasn't. The media just didn't like the fact that abortion wasn't allowed in every state. Slavery was the same ordeal. They didn't want the federal government to decide how a state should run, because that's the job of the people. If the people wanted slavery banned in their state, they'd vote against it without the aid of the federal government. Though I don't support slavery by any means, I do see where the federacy is coming from and honestly I agree. I think the states should be run as if they were their own country, and the basic human and constitutional rights should be governed by the federal government.
One thing that Confederate sympathizers like to downplay is how the Confederacy was actually venomantly against state rights as the Confederacy was fighting to prevent new states from having the right to not have slavery when they're in the southern half of the country  it's one of the big causes of the Civil War breaking out was a state in the South I think it was Texas but it might have been a different state that when it entered the Union although it was in the southern half it Wanted the right To decide not to be a slave state and the Confederate states that were about to form were greatly against that  so really the Confederacy wasn't even partially fighting for a noble cause it was purely to prevent slaves and it didn't give a damn about state rights and in fact as I explained was attempting to prevent State rights
The parties didn't switch. Politicians from 1900 to 1960s only worked to fix problems. You know. It's like how Obama supposedly fixed the economy after the previous administrations work. Democrats today still wanna coerce African Americans to vote strictly for Democrats.
Doing an Essay on the civil war and thank you Doobus for the fun quotes to use in it. The Vice president one is gonna be good to use.
The answer is "secede." States' right to secede.  As a result of the CW, there is NO lawful "Amer-exit" for ANY reason: a good reason, a bad reason, or no reason at all. *That is how precedent works.*  Some of you leftys might be ruing that precedent anon...  (Also "Corwin amendment" falsifies your argument, right there.)
Guys I think we can all agree that the Confedracy were the real baddies
Brave statements only on this channel
Humans have the right to be free. No buts, no ifs.  End of the story.
Annoying orange for president
States rights to marry your sister or cousin
If you want to be controversial you just need to use common sense against a conservative.
I'm going to throw my hat into the ring. Does anyone here disagree with the following statement, the CSA was founded mostly on racist beliefs. If anyone disagrees or agrees with this statement feel free to let me know. I want to know the people who are currently arguing in this comment section's opinion.
Jr. Melendez ignorant need to be study by scientists.
I just used this a source for a history lab, thank you to my teacher for having a sense of humor
Who the hell is Chris
Slavery is evil.
Crystal proof that Chris disregards facts. Spytf2 has repeatedly given Chris the dictionary definition of Racism countless times but Chris claims it’s not real when in fact it is. Additionally he refuses to give his source for his “definition” of racism. Proving Chis hates facts and loves lying
Away down south in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and Alligators Right away (right away) come away (come away) right away.
Gonna make a little list of northern slavery banning for chris, since he seems to have a misconception of this  -Pennsylvania: In 1780, they passed "An act for the gradual abolition of slavery" which slowly freed all slaves in the state. By the time of the civil war, there were practically no slaves. The details of this act prove that they were banning slavery  -New york: In 1799, they also passed an act based off of pennyslvania's.  It was also titled "An act for the gradual abolition of slavery" Eventually, in 1827, all slaves were freed.   -Vermont: When they were their own country, their constituion banned slavery. Article 1, section 1 said "Therefore, no male person, born in this country, or brought from over sea, ought to be holden by law, to serve any person, as a servant, slave, or apprentice..  When they joined the US, they kept the same constitution. Meaning slavery stayed banned.  -Northwest ordinance of 1787: This banned slavery in ohio, michigan, minnesoda, wisconsin, indiana, and illinois.  In article 6, it said: "There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in the [northwest] territory, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes whereof the party shall have been duly convicted..."  Already, 9 states have banned slavery. Which is far more than your claim, which is 0 states banning slavery. Let's keep going.  Iowa: Joined as a free state in 1846.  In article 1, section 23 of their constitution, they said: "There shall be no slavery in this State; nor shall there be involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crime. "  California: Again, joined as a free state in 1849. Their constitution stated "Neither slavery, nor involuntary servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes, shall ever be tolerated in this State." in article 1, section 18  I'll add the other states if chris acknowledges that at least half of the northern states clearly banned slavery
Muh slavery Unionists when you mention the Corwin Amendment, exact details of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Stephenson Lincoln peace talks: 🫣
I wonder how long it takes chris to reply to a comment. Ill setup the chris bait. Slavery is *bad*
I love how people will say it was a war about States rights then conveniently forget Mississippi's declaration of succession says it was about slavery, as well as the Confederate vp in the cornerstone speech. And then also forget that southern states trampled all over the rights of the northern states with the compromise of 1850's fugitive slave law.
chris trying not to defend 19th century racists for 0.00001 seconds:
I was born and raised in Texas so of course I went to high school there. My teacher my sophomore year tried to use the states right thing with us and I had to point out the exact same thing. Needless to say she hated meet and saw to it I did not do well in her class. In fact the one time my parents stood up for me was because of her class, she assigned a project that I spent hours on and could not find a single answer to (she gave us the site she swore had all the answers) my mom tried to help me looking on that site and everywhere else on the internet to no help. Decided to schedule a meeting with the teacher in general to go over my grades and out of all assignments to show why I was failing her class she pulled out that one and my mom tore into her after having her try to find the answers herself on the site she assigned us and was unable too. Needless to say I was moved out of her class into another one after about two weeks and I went from nearly failing to A's.
Doobus Goobus: What were they preventing you from doing? What did they not want you to do? (0:24) Me: Here's one thing: free trade. The North supported tariffs and protectionism at the expense of the South's support for free trade. Northern interests overshadowed Southern interests in the Federal government, and there was no way they could change their views (at least not easily). Their only choice was to secede.
“Get Douglass’d” kgkcjdtdjglvhxjvkbkcydhfkbkcjx
Black skin, white skin. Why do we talk so much about race? They all taste the same. 🍷
holy shit, Chris is still here commenting
I don’t get why this country with good looking flags always commit the worst atrocities the confederate flag looks really good so does the German ww2 flag and I also kind of like some of the USSR flags
civle war songs go hard as hell
imagine getting soul eviction threats from -twitter- X users who support slavery. Some people really are irredeemable.
WRONG😂😂😂
Yeah, but the north was doing the same thing before, so you can't blame them for not wanting change after it all was established and standardized
The Narrative Life of Frederick Douglass is a very good read. Would recommend
Chris deleting his comments again 😂
Feels like I'm walking into a trap but I'll play devils advocate. The fight for States Rights from their perspective was the ability for a state to make its own decisions and not fall under the tyranny of a federal government. Lets move that up to current day, lets say California wants to remain a sanctuary state, well without a states rights they don't get to make that decision if Trump doesn't want illegals anywhere.   States Rights is a tricky thing to balance, cuz from the souths perspective it was rich northerners coming to tell them what to do (please note most southern folks didn't own slaves) while from the norths perspective they were rightfully freeing folks.
The Confederacy made rebellion look lame. That's not nearly as bad a crime as the whole slavery thing, but it doesn't really get brought up either and I feel like it ought to.  Oh, and their awful fashion sense. MFers hated color so much even their uniforms were grey.
Chris I'd like an explanation on how the north "abandoned" slavery and didn't ban it
"The confederacy was bad" quite the understatement my friend.
The Crunchwrap Supreme has lasted longer than the Confederacy. Its not heritage.
It's been 501 days since this video
Man fuck including the term “rights” in “states rights” when it comes to this topic. If they don’t even have rights for other people, they shouldn’t even be called “states “rights””
Non of us are rewriting history. People and cultures change over time, and so does ideologies.
I can’t believe how fast time is flying! Midterms are coming up, and the pressure is real, but I’m feeling pretty good. I’ve made a habit of hitting the gym almost every day, and it’s honestly been a game-changer for my energy and focus. I’m finding more balance between school, fitness, and my social life, which feels like the perfect recipe for success.  I also got to present a history project last week with a couple of my friends, and we nailed it! We explored the long-term effects of the Southern Strategy, and the feedback we got was incredible. It was so cool to see how all our hard work paid off—and to think, it started with a late-night conversation in the library. Mom always told me that the people you surround yourself with can make all the difference, and I feel like I’m finding my crew here at Stanford. Can’t wait to see what comes next!
Bronies outlasted the Confederacy.
God was this video hard to find.  I couldn’t remember your name and typing „freedom to do what“ didn‘t work. I wasn’t even able to find your dating app video.
Lincoln would be very confused to say the least if he saw modern day republicans waving the confederacy flag.
I don't have time to scroll down comments for the next hours. but i am completely sure there are people who are against this video and try making arguments against it. sad that people still believe in confederacy
You know what else lasted longer than the Confederacy?  2 Broke Girls...
It seems like the boneappleteeth guy delete his complain about leftists comments. I want to state that boneappleteeth MIGHT be Jr Melendez (Chris135x) alt account since Jr. Melendez twitter display name also coincidentally have the same name as boneappleteeth, and both also complain about leftists... Weird
Jim Crow lasted longer than the annoying orange
1:01 that’s crazy💀
The fact that fortnite war thunder and Roblox have outlived the confederacy is really funny. I am so glad that you are saying this because in Texas some schools don’t really teach that so many people are pro slavery. If I ever become a history teacher and we get to this unit the first thing I will show will be this video
me when people talk about "women's rights" (they want the right to kill babies)
Fun fact, phineas and ferb had both more viewers than people in the confederacy, and was around longer than the confederacy. now you may be thinking, aren't they a little young to outlive a failed, pathetic attempt at a nation? yes. yes they are.
Chris has to be some kind of masochist at this point
The parties never switched. The southern strategy was something the Democrat politicians in the southern states and counties came up with. Jim Crow laws were created  in the late 1800s and we all know what political party had control in the southern counties and states. It wasn't the red side. You're believing in a democrat lie. Repeat a lie long enough and it becomes the truth.
I bet I can get Jr. Melendez (chris135x) to rage
Unfortunately, some states are working to prevent schools from teaching about that rather important bit of info.
I know I'm way too late with this comment, but the American Civil War isn't black and white, and is actually gray - because that was the color of Confederate uniforms. And Union uniforms were blue, which is also neither black nor white.
Why does Jr. Melendez (Chris135x) call other kids when he act like one? Is he stupid?
Remember when liberals protested to have Uncle Ben's face off if the label? Aunt Jemima? Even the Native American on the butter label? They never wanted the Mr Clean, Quaker Oats, Newmans Own and even Lucky Charms labels changed.
Winnie the Pooh does not like slavery.
This comment sections lore boutta last longer than the confederacy
I'm a proud black Confederate. Shout out to my hommie Uncle Ruckus.
The Annoying Orange lasted longer than the Confederacy, Pokemon Go has lasted longer, Homestuck was longer, the time between Kingdom Hearts 2 and 3, Obama in the White House... a lot of TV shows... the list goes on.
And to think, this is now considered "New Wave History" by some...Including that much of the Southern economy was built upon slavery then.
"They're taking away my rights to take away other people's rights!"
Life update: college is starting to feel like home. I’ve met a few friends who are just as obsessed with history as I am! We spend hours debating everything from ancient civilizations to modern political shifts—it’s so refreshing to talk with people who get it. One of them even helped me refine my scholarship paper before I submitted it.  Oh, and big news: I’ve started going to the gym! One of my new friends dragged me there after a late-night study session, and now it’s becoming a regular thing. At first, I thought I’d hate it, but it’s actually been great for clearing my head after hours of research and writing. Plus, I can already feel myself getting stronger, which feels amazing.  Mom always said balance is important, and I think I’m finally figuring that out. Between classes, history debates, and workouts, I’m feeling more focused and alive than ever. Here’s to making progress in every part of life!
(im posting this comment again for anyone who needs to hear it) I get it—there’s a lot of debate around the Great Party Switch! But I did my homework, and the shift really did happen, just not overnight. Key sources, like historians Richard Nixon's own political strategist Kevin Phillips, outline how the GOP adopted the “Southern Strategy” in the 1960s, which was a deliberate move to appeal to Southern white voters who felt alienated by the Civil Rights Movement. Even before then, Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal attracted many working-class voters to the Democratic Party in the 1930s, shifting it toward a more liberal stance. If you’re curious, you can check out works by historians like Heather Cox Richardson and Rick Perlstein—they go into the details about how these shifts unfolded. History’s full of twists and turns, but that’s why I love studying it!
270315
Was it?
Ok im new to the whole doobus goobus, confederacy comment section universe, can someone explain the lore to me?
Fun fact, despite being literally as southern as you can get geographically for the US, I was still taught the actual history of the confederacy
Do it again, General Sherman!
They abolished Slavery and place Capitalism plus Racial discrimination as the driving key to civilization
and now they might come back.
remember friends. when someone tells you to ignore what the people wrote, said and did; and, instead, tell you to look at what apologists said and did..... they think you're dumb. don't listen to people who think you're dumb
And god damn did the Annoying Orange suck.
I know nothing about American history, but I do know slavery isn't very nice
Bro, of course it was bad.
Europe: Well….the war is about many factors and we don’t want to lose access to southern cotton… maybe we could help US: it’s about slavery now  Europe: I’m out.
Ghetto smosh
Not a neoconfederate, not a brainless idiot who defends the confederacy, just bringing up a point, the American Civil War wasn’t fully black and white, a number of confederate soldiers weren’t fighting for slavery and were unwillingly drafted into the war. They shouldn’t be grouped under the same roof as those fighting for slavery voluntarily.  Agree or disagree if you wish, if you are to disagree make a constructive point on how what I say is wrong, if you disagree and are a discord moderator who wants to start arguments by throwing insults for someone having a different opinion than you, then keep your mouth shut and stay out of the replies of this comment.
On one hand, "Secession for states' rights" doesn't necessitate that the states in question have a specific right in mind. Demanding the right to self-determination doesn't require that the person have a concrete idea of what determinations they want to make. As such, "States' rights to do what?" is not the checkmate it appears to be. But on the other hand, in this specific case, slavery was definitely one of, if not THE central issue the Confederacy was concerned with.
It was fought over ✨taxes✨ Edit: Jesus fuck how can you guys not tell I’m joking by the “✨taxes✨”? Chill omg.
The Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy.
The annoying orange part killed me, you are just as evil as them now since you killed me.
Ya both suck god save the king!
The union wasn't keeping slavery going, but they did own slaves throughout the war. But still, states rights to do what?
Call Jr. Melendez (aka Chris135x) Agent 007! 0 valid argument  0 reading comprehension  7 tantrums throw in one comment!
Defending slavery is cringe
i miss took that
I don’t think anyone’s defending slavery, but they’re arguing for arguments sake. For all of you arguers, his point is not that they had no justification outside of slavery, but that the fact that slavery was a point at all was bad and therefore renders all other points invalid in his eye. If slavery were not a point of contention, then and only then would the Confederacy be remotely acceptable. His video makes fun of people who defend the Confederacy, because the Confederacy is a bad thing to get behind. Cut slavery from it, give it a new name, and it wouldn’t be so bad probably idk.
I get it—there’s a lot of debate around the Great Party Switch! But I did my homework, and the shift really did happen, just not overnight. Key sources, like historians Richard Nixon's own political strategist Kevin Phillips, outline how the GOP adopted the “Southern Strategy” in the 1960s, which was a deliberate move to appeal to Southern white voters who felt alienated by the Civil Rights Movement. Even before then, Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal attracted many working-class voters to the Democratic Party in the 1930s, shifting it toward a more liberal stance. If you’re curious, you can check out works by historians like Heather Cox Richardson and Rick Perlstein—they go into the details about how these shifts unfolded. History’s full of twists and turns, but that’s why I love studying it!
Chris just a reminder, saying "Nuh uh" is not a valid rebuttal and does not break down points about the great party switch
Slavery is inherently evil. A surprise to many apparently. -_-
While I am a sympathizer of many a lost cause, the Confederate States of America were a bad cause before they rebelled for no real reason, other than their fears, against their duly elected government. And Reconstruction was far too gentle on the traitorous states and their politicians. Just an opinion.
As a French who knows american history better than half of the americans, there indeed was another reason besides slavery than, funny enough for the confederates simply falls back directly in favor of slavery;)  The North wanted to extend the industrialisation of theirs states to the whole country. Wich was denied by the South who desired the acquisition of northened land as the soils already available where being dried of theirs natural ressources needed for theirs plantations (and by extension maybe acquire more slaves directly from the north as labor for said lands)  So yeah, the confederacy is a joke. The only real thing you can take from it's existance is that the North was republican at the time and the south democrate, if today another conflict breaks out it's intresting how both sides dramatically changed to become the one they directly opposed.
Still. Nobody has tried to talk about why it's so terrible for individual state governments to have more control within the country than the federal government. Slavery isn't sunshine and rainbows. But why couldn't the Southern states be allowed to transition to the industrial age? Nobody knows and nobody will admit they don't know.
What's crazy though is that they saw slavery as a political issue and the North thought that it would make it so free white men couldn't make money. No one even batted an eye at the atrocities of the plantations.
If the south did nothing wrong becuause they needed slavery to survive, then the North did nothing wrong when they destroyed the confederacy to maintain the nation. -_-
If I could like this every time it came back across my feed, I would.
I’m thrilled to share that I got my paper results back, and I PASSED! I dug deep into the reasons and timeline of the Great Party Switch and why it happened. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, shifts started with economic and regional influences. But the real turning point came during the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s. The Democrats, originally more conservative in the South, began to push for civil rights, which didn’t sit well with many of their Southern supporters. The Republicans, meanwhile, adopted a "Southern Strategy" to appeal to disillusioned Democrats. Over time, these changes reshaped both parties. Writing this paper made me see how layered history really is—it's not just dates, it's people, decisions, and ripple effects that reach us today. Mom would’ve loved to hear all these details; I can almost picture her listening proudly. This scholarship is within reach now, and I’m even more determined to keep going!
Fucking *Nazi Germany* lasted longer than the confederacy.
Historical revisionism has a history as long as history itself. If you don't find that concerning, you should check your pulse.
A lot of history is grey, but that doesn't include the civil war or the confederacy.
Guess what?! I finally submitted the revised paper on "The Great Party Switch"! I went through every critique and poured my heart into this final version. Honestly, I’ve never felt this proud of something I've written. The process was exhausting but so rewarding. Knowing how much mom valued education makes this moment feel even more meaningful—like I’m honoring her with every step. Whether or not I get the scholarship, I know she’d be proud of me. This journey is just getting started, and I’m here for it. Here's to making history my own!
While I do think it's rather idiotic that some of my fellow southerns like to pretend the slavery bit didn't happen that doesn't mean it was the ONLY thing the war was over. YES slavery was a defining part. However do you ever consider why they didn't want to get rid of slavery? Immediately you think it's the loss of having permanent workers so long as you can keep them alive. Partially but the major but was that the removal of slavery would have completely destroyed the southern economy. There weren't exactly a lot of people who would have been interested in what was considered slave work at the time and with a lot of the slaves probably going north or finding a different type of job. As a result the farms would have to lower their production speed ridiculously making the southern economy around as bad as it was during the reconstruction era post civil war. Naturally the south wanted to prevent this as an aspect of why they would have wanted to keep slavery. By all means I'm not saying that it was justified to chase them down cross state and lynch them. I also see not many people realize it was moreso the norths fault the war started. Yes the south seceded but bith sides were trying to keep relative peace(Despite Linoln wanting the war). However the problem arose(And I gained this knowledge from a mixture of history books both US and foreign which were shocking different in what they said happened about certain world events) when fort sumpter was causing supply issues for a town I can't remember the name of and there was a lack of supplies going to the town, this was because of the north blocking trade. So the southern troops were preventing supplies going to fort Sumter because of that and tensions kept rising until the Southerners fired the first shot(Never found a book that said why fire broke out) and thus was the first battle of the civil war. I perfer using books when studying history than the Internet mainly due to the occurrence of mainly either uneducated opinions or people scrubbing stuff off the internet. If you want some interesting history books though I'd recommend Italian and Russian ones as I notice interesting differences in those compared to the US or Britains.
Uncool chris has committed 3 YouTube violations.   1. Misinformation   2. Harassment/bullying  3. Spam/misleading.   He can rightfully be reported for these three things he has committed.
Thanks to chris, this video is now at 4M views Also chris, what is your incorrect defintion of racism based on? The answer is nothing, and the official definition is different than yours. Don't know why you're keeping this schtick up
Somebody can tell me why Doobus hasn't banned Chris from commenting yet?
Thught seriously, what else they wanted besides slavery related points?
Damn💀💀
One more question for chris, if the parties never switched, why does the south vote republican nowadays VS democratic back in the day?
Get Douglass'd 🤣🤣🤣
Hey chris, still waiting for some answers to questions you parrot constantly -Why did the south want to govern themselves -How is trump not a rapist, despite being found guilty of rape? -What does article 1, section 9 (2) of the confederate constitution say that says "at some point in the future we'll abolish slavery"
"History isnt all black and white" History isn't, but the confedarcy was.
"They didn't wana be oppressed by the nooooorth" Yk what If this is what they do with freedom Let the South be oppressed
The amount of SHEER copium in this comment section is INSANE
I have no idea who tf chris is and why they act like the avrege twitter user but i love it
Irrelevant topics, but since trump got elected we can't have free hot Latinos in USA anymore 😔😔😔
Actually, one error in this video. Lincoln had no plans to abolish slavery. He didnt like it, but he was willing to let the South keep their slaves if it meant preserving the union.
Living in f*cking Colorado Springs I was taught that the civil war was about states rights. At my public middle school they brought in a weird neo-nazi type guy and made is all gather in the cafeteria while he gave some big old speech about how the south was misunderstood and was just fighting for states rights and then we were all assigned a number from 1 to 10 and required to go out to the field and walk across it, falling down if we heard our number called until there was only one number left to try to show us 'how many lives were lost defending states rights in the civil war.'   Still absolutely wild to me more than a decade later.
I adore everything about this video lol. Subscribed
Crazy that in some parts this is a hot take💀
State rights are great, but using the Confederacy to say it is good is so dumb
I feel like YouTube's trying to tell me stuff
Unfortunately America is slowly going back that way
Funny video is funny, but just want to point out that it wasn't like the Confederacy materialized out of nowhere for the duration of The Civil War. It was composed of families and states that had been in a power struggle related to slavery for decades prior to the period where it did actually exist. And after it was dismantled, it's not like the survivors just disappeared or really changed their ways. They were forced to change and forced to kneel, so to speak. (So no, the annoying orange didn't outlive any of them)  To get the whole picture for the Civil War you have to also look at WHY The North fought. And The North fought to maintain The Union. Not to free slaves, though that did wind up happening in 1863 as a war maneuver. In this case, the root cause was slavery, but there would have also been no war if the union had opted to not assert its dominance over the states wishing to leave the country to continue being slavers.  That is to say, it's not like the North was actually a bunch of holy crusaders bent on stopping the evil that was slavery. It's not like after the war was won, they went the world round and stopped all slavery. Nor did they even try.   They were most concerned with keeping the nation and their power intact.
Just got my draft back with some feedback, and it's tough but fair. There’s so much I still have to learn, but I’m taking it as a challenge to improve. I keep thinking about how proud mom would be—she always told me that hard work and growth go hand in hand. Even though the comments sting a bit, I’m not giving up. One day, I'll look back and know that all of this effort was worth it. Here's to pushing forward and embracing the journey!
conservatism in a microcosm. "we just want more freedom from government tyranny" and its freedom to do the worst shit possible
What a coincidence that the good guys won every time.
This is so terribly stupid.... Everyone needs to know that rich people didn't want to pay taxes and lied to people so they would fight for them.  The right to be dictators and we didn't hang them, erected statues, and allowed Texas to write history books.
God bless Trump!
Winnie-the-pooh from Doobus goobus
Questions chris hasn't answered (from me and from others) -WHY the south wanted to govern themselves/secede -WHY words changing their definition is bad -WHAT his BS definition of racism is based on -WHAT does article 1, section 9 (2) of the confederate constitution say that says they were going to abolish slavery at some point in the future -WHY hate speech isn't a real thing -HOW trump isn't a rapist
They're parroting states rights on abortion bans now  Even though 3 countries have voted to protect women's right to choose, they've been overturned by their republican governors  States rights was always a dog whistle. They wanted to own slaves, they wanted to control women's bodies, they do not care what anyone else thinks or feels, they do not care about morality or impact.
Pokémon and One Piece have been alive longer than the Confederacy think about that for a minute.    EDIT:    @1:03  Let's list everything that outlived the Poofederacy: -Pokemon -Digimon -Hatsune Miku -The Tale Of Series -Playstation -Xbox -Nintendo (the entire company) -Sega -Sonic The Hedgehog -Annoying Orange -Spongebob -The Simpsons -Osamu Tezuka -Hayao Miyazaki -BIonicle -My Hero Acedemia -The Dragonball Franchise -This Channels Discord server -Final Fantasy Franchise -Call Of Duty -The Game Awards -Crash Bandicoot -One Piece -Bleach (The anime) -Naruto -I am gonna keep editing this and keep expanding it, you can also expand this in the replyied -Why don't we include Rome on this list too since these guys like thinking about it so much -Uncharted series -Indiana Jones -Star Wars -Gundam Franchise -Macross -Power Rangers/Sentai -America -The Sun -Our Solar System -Ohio -NASA -Wisconsin -Pretty Sure Skibidi Toilet will outlive the confederacy -Shounen Jump Magazine -Feminism -Barbie -Hot Wheels -The Dinosaurs -Vine -Tiktok -Beyblade -Resident Evil -Sprecher Brewery -Miller Lite -Every Sports Team ever -League Of Legends -Game Theory -The United Kingdom -France   If you want to keep adding to this list be my guest
Well. :/ I can't wait for january.  :/
Fnaf has lived longer than the confederacy
Only thing that the confederacy outlived was the First Mexican Empire, and that existed way before the confederacy (1821), also the Second Mexican Empire existed along the confederacy (for 1 and a half years), and it also only existed for 4 years. tl;dr Mexico has short lived states.
Their ideals were awful, but their flag was Ballin
No but those people sending racist spam texts to people  This video is directed towards them Interesting and sad how this is still relevant today
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I just turned in my first draft on "The Great Party Switch." It took some late nights and way too many cups of coffee, but I'm learning so much and honestly enjoying every second. If mom were here, she’d probably be laughing at me geeking out over history. It's moments like this when I realize how much I really belong here. College is tough, but every day I'm feeling more confident that I can make it through. Here’s to staying curious and passionate!
Getter Douglas
I love how they love the Confederacy so much but also claim to be super patriotic about America it's like wtf you're literally rooting for traitors
🤣
"States rights to do what?" is my favorite thing to ask people who talk about the subject and they always, always, always fail to have a good answer.
The “our heritage” thing is always hilarious to me as a yankee boy. Like oh really? Your heritage is getting your ass beat by my heritage? You sure you wanna be proud of that buddy?
😭😭😭 i get recommended this now. Welcome back i guess
Insult the confederacy all you want, their flag is still fire. (That is the only positive)
kinda crazy that this is getting relevant again T-T
The annoying orange is part of our heritage.
A child could be born before the Confederacy was made, not remember its first 3 years, and still wouldn't have made it to school before the confederacy was over again. You couldn't even make it regular Scotch Whiskey in the time the Confederacy rose and fell, it should always be remembered as USA's first cringey teenage phase.
Isn’t flying the confederate flag treason?
The North had Slaves too ya know, Irish slaves
even if the confederacy wasn't bad, it is still the god given right of the winning side to eternally dunk on the losing side
Fortunately they didn't "succeed" at seceding, and instead failed rather hard 😝
Welp. Guess we're back here again.  States rights to criminalize pregnancies, anybody?
The main issue with the argument given is that it shows how stupid some people are if you trust every single thing a government says in their constitution you're going to get nowhere for example in the Soviet Union they said they would allow the religion in their own parties Constitution did they? And we should remember that they weren't evil for the time for the time they were just doing a regular thing many countries in the west still had some form of slavery. And I'm not coming here to go Confederacy rules. Slavery is bad but being so aggressive about history is not good either.  Also this teaches that in a debate you should act like a piece of garbage to your opponent instead of letting them talk.
YEAH FREDRICK DOUGLAS HES FROM MY TOWN
And now states rights include stripping you of job opportunities based on your race, destroying access birth control, and fittingly enough they are burning books and anything revolving to slavery. You know what kind of word describes that shit? *FASCISM*
Im adopting the physical mannerisms of the green guy the longer I argue with my grandparents
Wow. Even texas was a republic longer than the confederacy was a thing. Twice as long
also the confederacy was still part of the us, you at the end supported the us like hell but you gotta remember people like that still run the government
he wasnt even going to abolish slavery, they just feared that he would
1) love this in style and substance. 2)  have you heard the trap remix of dixie?
Even if we take away the whole slabe thing the Confederates were still bad. They are traitors
Lincoln never promised to remove slavery. He infact won as a no name party (yes, Republican) because the south ran their own democrat, who promised to imortalize slavery forever, against the north's democrat, who also didnt promise to get rid of it, and that heavily split their vote.
i've taken shits that lasted longer than the confederacy
I don't agree with slavery, I  have black friends, but I would have joined the Confederacy, not for the right to keep slaves but for all my other rights. The union wanted to control the Confederacy, and what they did, much like today's government, and the Confederacy was just responding to the threat. With the invention of the cotton wheel,(I think that's what it was called don't quote me) slavery was going to be phased out soon. If the government didn't make a big deal about it, thousands of people wouldn't have died. Another thing is it always circles back to racism. I mean, do you really think all those union soldiers really cared about the slaves? Lincoln did, and I'm sure some other soldiers did as well, but I have a hard time believing that everyone in the union was actually fighting for the slaves freedom and just controlling the south. This is just what I know from school and what my dad tought me, its just my opinion
Very few things in history ARE black and white, but I think you can see the irony in that when it comes to slavery.
of course this pops up today lol
Humanity sickens me.
Seeing so much of my family and others on Facebook celebrating current events. I needed to hear some common sense to drown it all out. This seemed like the best fit for the job.
Trump won the election. If you paid attention to Trump's and Harris' campaign, you wouldn't be shocked. Trump actually had a campaign. Not that I voted because I didn't vote. But Trump won.   Oh, and state's rights to govern themselves. It's not about slavery unless you want it to be....
The wait between Kingdom hearts 2 and 3 was longer than the entire Confederacy.
I find it funny this was in my recommendation after trump one
God bless Trump
From the south, can confirm they skim over that stuff and it pisses me off. Can't go five minutes without hearing someone try to play devils advocate, like racism isn't what we were infamous for.
states rights says what ahhah love it
You don’t see any germans glorifying the nazis so I’d assume the same for the csa but unfortunately some states like to skip over the fact that the war was specifically started by slavery 💀
I’d love to see a Doobus Goobus animation of the Atune-Shei series Checkmate Lincolnites.
Wasn't it about the Right to Secession?
Bro's boutta head down the Mississippi river.
The confederacy didn't even last as long as the Wii U, Nintendo's worst selling console
Smiling friends editing its amazing
During the Civil War: "states' rights" = slavery Today: "states' rights" = abortion bans  Notice how when these people rally hard about "states' rights", it's always for the sake of restricting the freedoms of certain individuals
I wonder. If the south had successfully broken free, what would it look like today? Would they still have slavery?
gee, i sure wonder why this video about spiting racists is suddenly getting recommended not but 1 day before an election?
This is so immeasurably funny and accurate
And it's weird that one of you is pretending to be me.
The Confederacy was part of the Democrat party. Republicans today don't stress over this because their side abolished it. The democrats today still talk about the civil war because they have white guilt.
I like professional wrestling. There was a guy that has held the world title. His name is Roman reigns. He his world title run is 300 days longer than the confederacy that says a lot to me.
White supremacists are so lame with the counties they tie themselves too. The Confederacy, Nazi Germany, and Rhodesia all got their shit rocked in the only wars they ever fought in! 😂 Not a great look for the master race.
My former roommate @kingblowback dislikes you for making this in particular. I hope he continues to mald about you being right.
Here's a few things that lasted longer than the racist bullshit known as the Confederacy:  Obama's presidency World War II Prohibition New Coke Microsoft Zune Betamax The Fast and Furious franchise PT Cruisers Game of Thrones MySpace The Wii U The Bulls dynasty  MASH  The Playstation Vita  Xbox Kinect The MCU Pumpkin spice lattes The USSR Vine Shaq and Kobe The Smith's  Trump's Marriages The ISIS Caliphate Heinz Colored Ketchup Club Penguin  NSYNC The development of Duke Nukem Forever  Some fucking heritage and legacy that is! 😂
The Wii U lasted longer than the confederacy  Edit: the replies have been very civil up to this point
The title is like saying “water is important” lmao
The annoying orange also lasted longer than Nazi Germany, annoying annoying 2 racist cunts 0
The splatoon series has lasted twice as long as the confederacy did and is still going strong
An extra point against "states' rights": The Confederacy's constitution has a provision (Article I Section 9-4) that specifically states that the states are not allowed to pass any laws that would prohibit slavery. It's not even subtle that slavery was the priority over "states' rights".
Some definitions for chris since he seems a bit confused  Racism: Noun: prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism by an individual, community, or institution against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized. Slavery: slavery, condition in which one human being was owned by another. A slave was considered by law as property, or chattel, and was deprived of most of the rights ordinarily held by free person. Patriotism: Adjective: having or expressing devotion to and vigorous support for one's country.
LMFAO THE ANNOYING ORANGE
The confederate flag is the pride flag of f'n losers.
[THIS COMMENT WAS DELETED DUE TO THE HATE SPEECH IT CONTAINED]
This lil cartoon man did a better job of teaching history than most schools did.
The American Civil War was like, the only war in history with an objective good and bad side. How is this a controversial take?
Imagine putting the rights of the state, a form of government, over the rights of the people
I love this. Thank you for making it.
Look, I know the Neo-confederates are terrible people. But does anyone really deserve to be reminded that The Annoying Orange exists? Seems like a cruel and unusual punishment.
I'm not patriotic like at all. slavery is bad (obviously) and I'm glad its gone. the reason I'm here is just to say that there still is racism hemophobia sexism and etc. and there is still more fighting to do before we can call the u.s a perfect country. but yea this video is based as hell dog
Questions for Americans from a graduate historian from Europe!  What do you think about the fact that the war did not start because of slavery, but because of the decisions of the North towards Britain?    What do you think about the fact that the north did not welcome those same slaves with open arms?    Why did decades and century pass until laws were passed in favor of black people and their equality for which they "fought"?   Do you think that the decision of the Constitutional Court that the Confederation did not have the right to secede is unfounded and corrupt and that the Confederation had that right, because we know that the Constitution does not prohibit it?  (The court decision gave legitimacy to the North to attack the Confederacy)   Do you think that the real reason for the removal of the Confederate flag by the establishment is to erase the history and idea of ​​that country?   Do you think that life for the "ordinary man" in that country would be better today and that the influence of the establishment on people's lives would be felt less?   Do you think that the north draws the resources of other republics, which can be seen in the lifestyle of the citizens?    Do the former states of the confederation feel some kind of unity and belonging today, would they all still be a confederation if there was a division?   Which all the states would give up to the confederation in addition to the old members?   Do you think that every citizen and every federal state has a right to a referendum on remaining in the union and do all former members of the confederation have the right to a referendum and aspire to re-form the confederation?   If that referendum were to happen, would the citizens of those states vote for the confederation?   Do you think that a big initiative should be launched on the democratic right of every person and society to a referendum, so that the Americans could decide whether they want to serve the northern corporate establishment?
“The cornerstone speech” should be required reading in schools
Is Chris still in here?
"State's Rights" but the Confederate founding documents explicitly forbid states from outlawing slavery... Sure seems like they didn't care about a State's Right to abolish horrific practices :)
People like this and Neo Nazi's are the reason proper education is important.
Thank god my history teacher taught that the confederacy was horrible and didn’t just sugarcoat it.
States right to do what?   Simple, the States right to leave the United States.   The States Rights to Own Slaves was NEVER challenged by the Federal Government or Northern States.  The Articles of Secession were filed in response to the Election Abraham Lincoln.  Abraham Lincoln did not run on a platform to END Slavery, he ran on a platform to formally end the Missouri Compromise that dictated the slave status of Westward Territories entry into Statehood.  Saying the South seceded because Lincoln wanted to end slavery, is a flat out lie.  Lincoln opposed any of the Western Territories from being added that had Slavery, and wanted the Western States south of the Mason Dixon to be added as Free States.   The South was really trying to protect the political power of slave states from being outnumbered by newly added free states.   Yes, Slavery WAS absolutely the central issue of contention, but it's not accurate, truthfull, factual or helpful to represent the Civil War in such a simplified matter as Slavery.   The cause of any war cannot be accurately simplified into a single word.   That's stupid.
based goobus
The confederates founded the democratic party and abe created the Republican party, replace the words with a conversation of modern politics and you can see nothing changed in the way they argue
The right to self governance. Make their own laws, set their own prices, tax as they see fit, expand their borders, confederate with other states, restrict travel and citizenship. The list goes on as far as you want to look. Human slavery was only part of a much bigger picture.
Slavery? Now lets move to bad things.
So, who else didn't know that the annoying orange was a show & thought it was talking about someone else?
Hello Chris, how was your day?
The confederacy was pretty black and white. As in black in the cotton fields and white in the house.
When world war 2 lasted longer than the confederacy did you know their reason was invalid
lol @ the annoying orange outliving the confederacy
“It wasnt about slavery, it was about our economy!” Well boy howdy, you mean the economy that was being ran by slaves and relied on solely slavery for labor instead of their own people cause its cheaper to do that than pay people? That economy thats directly south of a different economy that was doing just fine without slavery? You mean that economy?
BRO WHATS EVEN WORSE IS THAT LINCOLN DIDNT EVEN THREATEN TO TAKE AWAY SLAVERY FROM THEM— HE JUST WANTED STATES TO HAVE A CHOICE IF THEY WANTED TO BE FREE OR NOT???
My wait for starcraft 2 was longer than the confederacy
Nuh uhh
Ay Slavery is only wrong when it's convenient, It's ok every other time when people turn a blind eye to the on going slavery in other countries and the sex slave trade as well as groups or companies that par take in this stuff, also we need to focus on a group that have not been enslaved since 1865 and did push past it all to make a better country now using something that isn't a thing in that country anymore to bring everyone against each other well we ignore the lesser off countries that still have slavery even child slavery also HEY! did you know there is a war between Is real and Paul of stines, look at that, isn't that a thing to talk about and get involved in,  Russian invading what ? that isn't Is of reals and Pal of stens.   It will always be sad seeing issues be used as topics for brownie points well people online screech  about how they care but ignore the on going issues because we are self centred and don't actually care about the issue and only pretend to when we can get brownie points and look "Good" to others, Also it's why the confederate shit is probably still going on, dumb people not thinking about anything but themselves, it's with everything, you ignore the actual cause or reason and just try and push stuff. It's all stupid and it's stupid to see that there is still talks about how the confederations is bad when it should be a no brainer, but seeing how everything is, it doesn't surprise me.
You know the democratic party wanted to expand slavery while the Republican party was made to stop this. So ironic how rn the democrats are using slavery ND poc as tools for sympathy and dei hires/votes
I want to like this video more than once 8(
Finally
As a southerner, I agree. Fuck the Confederacy
Man, the number of people who come crawling out of the woodwork to defend the South by proxy, slavery, in the comments is insane.
Bro is brave for this😢
1:15 captions lol (:
If you took the confederacy and the third reich, doubled their lifespan and added them together, Dragon Ball would've still been around longer
Racists are becoming too bold
Spongebob has existed 6x longer than the confederacy has existed
The time between the 5th and 6th ice age movies is longer than the confederacy
The confederacy lasted as long as the production of the first star wars movie (a new hope)
Rdr2's development was twice as long as the confederacy
52 000 comments. It's so over
" We slave states felt oppressed" mmm touché 😔
So is that why states rights is still a problem to this day?
You aren't gonna believe it but my Gpa is high enough for a Hope Scholarship. All I need to do is write a paper on "The Great Party Switch" and I'll be fully accepted. If this was the old me I would probably drop out but with some simple research I found out that they happened over time. Partially during the civil rights movement but thats a story for another day. Mother would have been so proud if she saw me now.  I LOVE LEARNING HISTORY ❤❤❤
sending this to my prejudice in american history teacher 🤩🤩
I’m real into history,and I love researching U.S. history,and I will never not laugh at how comically blunt and straightforward the south was about WHY they wanted to separate, and we still have to debate to this day about what it was about. Literally every written statement from any notable confederate person had their hatred of black people on full display. It’s just,really funny.
History would have been remembered differently and slavery never abolished... if only they didn't fight uphill me boys!!
I grew up in Texas, went to middle school in dallas and let me tell you... the word "Slavery" was my history teachers least favorite word.
"Its our heritage!" - yeah ok,  my bmw has lasted longer than the confederacy
The little bro that was born in 2024 will probably last longer than the confederacy.
I have one quote to add to this " History is written by the winner."  Not saying the south is right or even the good guys, but who knows what horrible things the north did before and during the war that history glosses over to make themselves look like the heroes of history. Had the south won we'd know that side of history to a T and tbh slavery in the US wouldn't have lasted anyway as it was unreliable for the majority of people and detrimental to the job holding of free people.  Another prime example of this "History is written by the winner" mentality and how few people know the truths was Germany during both world wars. Tbh Germany in WW1 was completely sucked into a war by all the military treaties cause of a tragic assassination that lead to war. Fighting a war that was mostly a stalemate and pointless.  Then the governments of all the winning nations completely gutted the Germans way more then necessary and put them in such a desperate spot they'd accept any relief/savior.... sadly a certain failed painter was him. Playing on their desperations and anger from how fucked they were by the other countries, they let him motivate and industrialize and initially it seemed to work as the economy and spirits lifted.  Now here's the kicker, under 10% of the German population were directly associated with the horrors of the S.S! Most didn't know of the terrible things they did, they'd just patriotically support their troops and the public visage Hitler instilled not the horrible, corrupt and genocidal side he was under that silver tongue. And when people did find out they were against it or even set up resistance movements! Seriously COD make a game where we play in the German resistance during WW2 that'd be hype af!  Plus cause America won, we tend to gloss over all the camps we made to oppress Japanese people or how we literally developed the worst weapon in human history, the nuclear bomb, or we were in cooperation with something arguably worst then the S.S in some contexts, the Soviet Union...... that'd not look so patriotic though in the books huh?
What an agreeable opinion!  I’m glad to see that people believe the confederacy, a nation based on slavery, is in fact bad.  This is a very uncontroversial statement, and so no one will feel a need to argue with the fact the confederacy is bad.  Cause the confederacy is bad!  No one would be stupid and deranged enough to argue that the confederacy isn’t bad …right?
“By the way could you answer my question you f@&$ing traitor? STATES’ RIGHTS TO DO WHAT?!”  Dying. Absolutely dying over here 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Don't ask a left leaning parasite: -When did the parties switch -What is slavery/racism -Who was REALLY part of the Confederacy
Pride and LGBT have lasted longer than the confederation, meaning to be openly gay is more of a heritage than being a Confederate
Doritos locos tacos lasted longer than the confederation meaning it has a bigger part of American history.
This was awesome!!
I'm amazed doobus didn't disable this Comment section.😂 Doobus taking it in like a champ.
Only doobus😂
😂
A country going to war with itself was Strange.
dont forget that the democratic party of the south held control of those states, and Abraham Lincoln was a republican  also, that flag that was used to depict the confederacy today, wasn't even the flag they used most often. the one of their "nation" was called "the stars and bars" which looked closer to what Texas' state flag is today or "the stainless banner"  which is far closer, but the most recognizable part seems to be horizontally "squished" and takes up less than 25% of the overall area of the flag (the only flag with a consistent name is "stars and bars", even "the stainless banner" has different names depending on the source)  HOWEVER  it must be noted that quite a few people DID use it closer to the Jim-Crowe Laws era by southerners but still, nobody seems to have a complete or accurate story of this
That was pretty great lol. I've had to have this same conversation with far too many confederate sympathizers.
As a Georgia resident I confirm that we are no longer addicted to slaves but addicted to peaches, the walking dead, and the ghetto of Atlanta.
Sadly, people like this still exist as much as I want to think all people have good in them. There is no such thing as good in their hearts
Bro, whered Chris go?
This is hilarious 😂😆
This is the greatest video made ever. You're doing God's work. Thank you patriot
It's scary that this is actually a controversial opinion on large parts of the internet
In Texas we were always taught that the battle of the Alamo was about the freedom of some white families against the oppression of the Mexican government. The freedom to do what? They never explained that part. What kind of oppression? What does that mean? Well... anyway they were very brave and manly and they were legends and... But what was the oppression? You guessed it. The Mexican government wouldn't let them own slaves. Now here come all the "What about..." comments about how Mexico didn't have a perfect history of never being racist either which changes not a damn thing about the fact that these piles of shit wanted to own slaves and Mexico said no. So, they threw a tantrum and got called brave heroes for it for 188 years. And yes the european colonizers of Mexico were pieces of shit too. Still doesn't mean there weren't several piles to go around.
states right to level their own taxes without having the north out vote them to cripple their economy
native americans
Masterful! Love the Douglass jumpscare
Now we all get to be slaves yay!!
I remember probably 8 or 9 years ago a friend of mine on Facebook wrote a post honoring confederate soldiers on memorial day. I replied to him that they were traitors not worthy of our honor and he immediately unfriended me.😮
confederate retards must be stopped
The fact that the cowboy hat guy can’t even answer and tried to change the subject XD
In northwestern Wisconsin, we were also taught it was about StAtESs rIgHTs by an old white woman who worshipped Ronald Reagan. God, I hate old white people.
The Humanity of African-Americans Now & Forever Free. Amen.
In history things are rarely ever just black and white. Except for the civil war that definitely was.
I got a trump donation add before this.
Pokémon has been around almost 30 years, six times longer than the confederacy.
The Corbin amendment 😂😂😂
The American Civil war isn't black and white. It's a very very very dark grey and regular grey like most actual things.
Facts.
Makes you wonder why so many people support and condone what the Confederacy was founded on, completely ignoring the blatant proof right in front of them that they seceded because of slavery Seriously though. States' rights to do what?
Watching Chris have meltdowns has become my favorite passtime. Sadly lost count on how many comments they deleted though.
People have been fighting on COD for 21 years, some of them have been doing it virtually every day or week since it first started. A fake war simulator has lasted longer than than your "heritage," and it's actual war 😂
"get douglass"
Is there a worse case of Sore Losers in all of history than The South? 🤔 JFC, get over it or get out
Religion and politics often make some people lose all perspective and give way to ranting and raving and carrying on like emotional children. They either refuse to discuss it with reason, or else they prefer argumentum ad hominum, which is a hell of a way to conduct a discussion. Well, anyhow, not long ago, I was talking about the elections, and how the campaigns were ignoring the issues, and sticking instead to invective and personal crap that had nothing to do with the substantive problems of running a government, which is all true, as you know if you followed the speeches and so-called debates of the candidates. Anyhow, one of the guys I was talking with said not a word in the whole conversation except at the end when he suddenly chuckled and said we were all full of shit, and why didn't we go live in Russia or China if that was the way we all hated the United States Of America. Next thing you know the whole blooming discussion was more like a brawl, And the epithets flew thick and fast, and the noise was incredible. Someone said "son of a bitch", and I think he said "bastard". I couldn't be sure, it was all so confusing. Well, anyhow, I was attempting to get it all back on a rational level. I tried, for example, to talk to the one who had started it all, and I asked him just what did he mean we were all full of shit. Was he making a statement of fact as he knew it, and where was his documentation to back up his claim? I think Socrates would've been proud of the way I refuted his argument. That is, I tried to refute it, but all he could offer by way of rebuttal was more of the same about how we were all full of shit. But he wouldn't say why, he just kept on repeating it, that and the part about Russia and China and communist dupes, and I'll have to confess that I got a bit angry and told him to stuff his ideas up his ass, which you don't have to tell me is hardly a way to convince anyone in an argument. Then he got salty and threatened to give me a punch in the mouth if I didn't shut up, and I really got hot, and the others did too, and we all beat the shit out of mister conservative. And, after all, he had only himself to be blamed. This is still a free country, And anyone telling a fellow like me, "Brother, you're full of shit", better be good and ready to answer politely when asked if he'd care to say why.
Another thing they like to do is speak on how "long ago" it was. Here's a bit of perspective on time, that proves its not as far back as they think. Harriet Tubman was alive when both Thomas Jefferson and Ronald Reagan were alive. Put that into perspective. She was a slave when Thomas Jefferson was around, and lived long enough into the 1900s for Ronald Reagan to be born.🤯
dont know why this popped up on my home page but im glad it did
Once again,  i encourage anyone who watches this and wants to know more on the full history of the civil war to read the Myth of the Lost Cause and/or watch the Checkmate Lincolnites series by Atun Shei films
I love videos made by people that don't know what the fuck they're talking about
EVE Online and World of Warcraft have lasted five times longer than the confederacy. FFXIV has lasted 2.5 times longer than the confederacy. You have a better chance of having New Eden, Azeroth or Eorzea as your heritage than the Confederacy!
States right to do what?
Well, not wearing thing to his history books
This is the truth to Chris. I never touched your twitter, I don’t have a twitter, Majima isn’t my alt, I never doxxed you, and I never admitted to doxxing you. In addition, according to Majima, all of that info was on your twitter. Info on social media is public. Connecting the dots using public info isn’t doxxing so you weren’t even doxxed.
Im just here for the Chris drama dont mind me
Like the only real defense for it is that people were in a panic about losing their quality of living  Don’t get me wrong it’s no excuse to endorse slavery but you can see how they managed to garner support
South Votes Trump For A Reason
We honestly should have punished the confederacy harsher after the war.
For a change of pace let's talk about a less controversial subject and come together as humans.  Who thinks a Goku can beat Superman? And do you know why you're wrong?
During his presidential campaign Lincoln made it very clear he wasn't planning on abolishing slavery. He said he would leave it alone where it already was but just wouldn't let it expand
ChrisMelendrez135x, today is an oopsie-daisy-days for you and I hope you learn what digital footprints is.
Also, the CSA, in their own constitution abolished states rights to choose whether they wanted to be free states or slave states. So, yeah, double bullshit.
We always knew chris135 was a confederate, but now we know he’s a coward too!
I 100% agree that slavery is evil.  I also find it hypocritical that the people who shame the South for having slavery in the past go to extreme lengths to ignore slavery in the present day Middle East.
These days states rights just equates to the states being allowed to oppress their own citizens without the federal government interfering. It happened with the fall of Roe v. Wade and it’s happening with the environment and education as well.
One thing they always leave out in the "Heritage" flag argument is that Texas, for example, had LOTS of flags. I've yet to see any of those "traditionalists" waving the Spanish, French, or Mexican flags. Each of those flew FAR longer than the Confederate flags.
There are good arguments in favor of States rights over the Federal Government. Anyone who doesn't think that the Feds are too big for their britches are probably people who work for the Government or are politically connected!! But to me this country has always been about the primacy of the individual and how he has the right to do whatever he wants so long as he doesn't infringe upon the rights of other people!!! By that  argument the Confederacy was a grievous failure and did nothing but pervert the fine principles of States rights!!!
I do know their main concern was lack of a voice. Slavery was a huge concern for them and probably the main thing they wanted to talk about but that’s why they left.  Lincoln didn’t wanna abolish slavery right away because tensions were rising plus he couldn’t. The emancipation proclamation made confederate slaves free which didn’t do anything but make a statement so he was careful. Progress was made after the war because his opinion was against it because he did have anti slave speeches. I know it’s comedy but you it’s inaccurate what he was joking about just to shed some light on it.
Technically, it was a war over a state's right to secede the union. But the states only wanted to secede because they didnt like the president was anti-slavery. I dont think Lincoln even wanted to free the slaves until halfway into the war with the emancipation proclamation.
Usually I'd say that your ancestry has nothing to do with who you are now... But when you ACTIVELY AGREE with your HORRIBLE and DISGUSTING ancestors who tried to keep other PEOPLE as PROPERTY... Then I'll gladly scream "TRAITOR!" at you at the top of my lungs! Any and all confederates are traitors to both their fellow humans and their country.
Holy cow, dabbing lasted longer
You can’t turn your back on who you are
I'm getting Checkmate Linconlnites flashbacks
Get douglassed
The fact that there are libertarian socialist societies that lasted longer than the Confederacy is actually wild
It’s just that simple, folks.   When part of a group are literal slave owners or nazis (like actual “we are the superior race and the others are dirt that should die/serve us” not some “femnazi” hurting your feelings on twitter), it’s time to dump it in the trash.  Amazing how saying racists that support slavery is considered controversial now.
union dixie is the best disstrack
The only good thing that came from the Confederate states was the war songs.
It's amazing how dumb people are who think that the confederacy is anything but racist
"Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam!"
Bruh, we are slaves to Jesus Christ. That was the point of confederacy. Freedom is slavery. Slavery is freedom. You have one master to serve. Know your history. That was why they call it the right. Ever wonder why the south is very Christian? I can tell you all don't know theology, philosophy, and history. Can you all explain why God said you have one Master to serve? If you all want proof, come to my Church.
Something my family’s always told me is that General Lee’s slaves remained “loyal” to him and fought for him despite him saying they didn’t need to serve him (or something like that). Loyal. To a man who not only owned slaves, but actively fought to protect slavery as an institution.
Fucking BANGER
States rights to own slaves and they were so gungho about it that they chose to try to cease to be Americans
so I was recently made aware of a possible fact that Scots may have designed that particular flag.  This amuses me as a Scotswoman (I can see Saint Andrews cross in the makeup of that flag).
A failed rebellion is not heritage. It's failure. The South is proud of failure. Period.
Closed captions are essential
This is how true journalism should look like…don’t let them get away with ignoring the question
I remember being taught the "state's rights" thing in school, and even having to write a paper exploring and detailing all the alternative (supposed) reasons for the Confederacy. I also remember not being able to come up with anything and straight up BSing the entire paper because of it.
My family tree of musicians in the sims 4 I’ve had since 2016 outlived the confederacy. 💀
the thing that alot of people don't understand about slavery in the states is the plantation barons kept it running and for anyone but them to own one was a wealth flex. That means even if for some vile reason you want to own people, it would be the equivalent of a middle-class person owning a Lamborghini; which means that no you wouldn't own one, that pr*ck who wants to cozy up to the rich hoping that their wealth would rub off on them would. Also the plantation barons kept the south from industrializing so they didn't have challenges to them being the fat cat on top of it all, you are arguing that the rich who would make you poor to slightly benefit themselves had the right idea of how to run society.
Good thing we have a bunch of guys now to defend racist, evil people. Someones gotta do it, right?
I know you guys don't care about it but I finally got accepted in Stanford University. If only mother was here to see me now, she would have been so proud of me. Even though sometimes it feels like the old, naive, and racist still comments, I'm glad I can pursue history like I always wanted.
Why does anyone give a shit? The big reason for the massive divide over time after the civil war is due to most of the south's treatment during reconstruction
Weekly comment baiting confederate supporters. And chris135, you better have an explanation for why my comparison is false if you are going to comment anywhere on this video again.
So Brandon keeps talking about "they switched sides" but he can't make sense of this. He doesn't have any information to back that up. The democrats fought for state's rights to have their own laws on slavery.
State's rights to ban abortions for any woman, not just ALL THOSE THIRD TRIMESTER LAST SECOND JITTERS BEFORE BRINGING A LIFE INTO THIS WORLD HYUK
Goated Doobus
"but among the concerns is enforcing slavery, so i dont care, cause you deserve it, cause you're evil" EXACTLY.
Africa still selling in the trade
I just love all of the comments by people who live 160 years later. So easy to denigrate someone who knock you on your ass if they were standing front of you. Real tough guys. How many of you support abortion. The word abortion or reproductive rights is just a lost cause for killing the unborn. How many of you would go to war to or the killing of the unborn. Just a bunch of cowardly losers.
Honestly that's a good take. "It doesn't matter if there were other concerns, preserving slavery was one of them so that means the Confederacy was inherently wrong". Pro-confederates try to prop up the strawman argument that the Confederacy was ONLY about slavery and then they can attack that, but literally no one other than them is saying that.
So Chris135x keeps saying the Fugitive slave act was made “by Democrats” and that the CSA was still all about States rights. And since he refuses to answer my question over and over of the Party Affiliations of the Governors of future CSA states I’ll take up the task and answer him.  1850 the year the Henry clay compromise was passed which includes the fugitive slave act:  South Carolina Governor: John Hugh Means- party: Democrat Alabama Governor: Henry W. Collier- party: Democrat Arkansas Governor: Cyrus W. Wilson- party: Democrat Georgia Governor: George W. Towns- party: Democrat Louisiana Governor: Joseph Marshall Walker- party: Democrat Mississippi Governor: John A. Quitman- party: Democrat Tennessee Governor: William Trousdale	- party Democrat Texas Governor: 	Peter Hansborough Bell- party Democrat Virginia Governor: John B. Floyd- party Democrat Florida Governor: Thomas Brown- party Whig North Carolina Governor: Charles Manly- party Whig  9 out of 11 future CSA states were all lead by Democrat Governors on the year the Fugitive slave act was passed.  Now for 1860 Southern Governors and party associations on the year Lincoln won the election and they started leaving:  South Carolina Governor: Francis Wilkinson Pickens- party: Democrat Alabama Governor: Andrew B. Moore - party: Democrat Arkansas Governor: Henry Massey Rector - party: Independent Democrat Georgia Governor: Joseph E. Brown - party: Democrat Louisiana Governor: Thomas Overton Moore - party: Democrat Mississippi Governor: John J. Pettus - party: Democrat Tennessee Governor: 	Isham G. Harris - party Democrat Texas Governor: 	Sam Houston - party Independent Virginia Governor: John Letcher - party Democrat Florida Governor: John Milton - party Democrat North Carolina Governor: John Willis Ellis- party Democrat  This time 10 out if 11 future CSA states were all lead by Democrats.  So if we go by Chrisx's logic on the Fugitive slave act being created by Democrats, almost all of these states that were directly elected by the state citizens and ruled the state directly all were all evil enslavers who supported the likes of the fugitive slave which attacked other states of there rights and autonomy.
And then on your fiftieth rewatch of this cartoon you turn on subtitles and realise there are more jokes.
“The confederacy was bad” No goddam shit
Pokemon go lasted longer and had more people behind it be glad they didint replace the statues with pikachus yet
Now looking back at all of my comments, I now know the error of my ways. Sorry for wasting everyone's time. I'll be taking some time away from this comment section. Maybe I'll go and start researching history just as mother always wanted. Thank you everyone for teaching me and helping me get over all of my wrong view points.   This is Chris signing off.
the confederacy lasted about as long as it takes for metallica to drop an album
based
As someone from the south (specifically florida) i personally believe even if the Confederacy won the war it would eventually have rejoined the union   Slavery = L
Listen here, Chris. I know you’re going to read this because you’ve got nothing better to do than hunt down new comments just so you can spread your half-baked, misguided notions. So, I’m going to address you directly, son, because it’s high time someone refuted the nonsense you’re throwin’ around here. I’m gonna break down each of your flimsy arguments, so listen up and take some notes.  1. “They were fighting for states’ rights to govern themselves!” Chris, I say, Chris, I don’t know what history books you’re readin’, but they clearly left out the statements from the Confederate leaders themselves. Let’s dig into some facts for a change. Mississippi’s Declaration of Secession states, plain as day, that they were fighting for “the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world.” Ain’t no talk about “states’ rights” there, son. That’s about the right to hold people in bondage. And then we got Georgia, which in its secession document declares it had “numerous and serious causes of complaint against our non-slave-holding confederate States with reference to the subject of African slavery.” Again, no mention of “states’ rights” unless you’re talkin’ about the right to enslave. And don’t even get me started on Texas, which proudly stated its intention to continue slavery “in all future time.”  These quotes come straight from the Confederate leaders themselves. They were open as a summer day about the reasons for secession, and it had everything to do with maintaining the institution of slavery. This whole notion of “states’ rights” is a historical revision used to make the Confederacy look like they were somehow on the moral high ground. But son, that doesn’t hold water, especially when you actually read their own words.  Chris, if you’re so convinced the Confederacy was about “states’ rights to govern themselves,” then let’s talk about the actual Confederate Constitution. You might think it was radically different from the U.S. Constitution, but, son, it was almost a carbon copy with one glaring addition—an explicit commitment to protect slavery as a permanent institution. Article IV, Section 2 made it clear that “the right of property in said slaves shall not be…impaired.” In other words, Chris, the Confederate government ensured that no state within the Confederacy could infringe on slaveholding rights. They even required escaped enslaved people to be returned across state lines, solidifying slavery’s protection beyond individual state laws.  Not only that, but the Confederacy’s constitution blocked the very idea of secession among its member states, essentially shackling them to the Confederacy whether they liked it or not. States’ rights? More like states’ rights to support slavery and not much else. They weren’t fighting for some principle of individual state freedom—they were fighting to lock in a system that held people in bondage and then forced all member states to comply with it. The Confederacy was a government with zero tolerance for states breaking away, showing they had no more respect for “self-governance” than the North they so criticized.  So, if you’re still holding onto this notion of “states’ rights,” just know it’s an idea that falls flat in the face of history.  2. “The Confederacy had BALLS to fight against a bigger army for limited government.” Now look here, son, I’ll give you that it took some nerve for the Confederacy to stand up and go to war, but if you’re admiring the Confederacy as some underdog who stood up for liberty, you might as well be barkin’ up the wrong tree. Fighting for a limited government? That’s one mighty convenient spin, Chris. They weren’t after limited government as you’re imaginin’ it; they were after a government that wouldn’t interfere with their institution of slavery. It wasn’t about fighting for liberty—it was about fighting to keep people in chains.  Now, you ask if I’d fight for something I believe in. Son, I’d fight for freedom, justice, equality, and the rights of all people. But I’d never, I say never, go to bat for a system that kept men, women, and children in bondage. You say “underdogs are the best,” but that doesn’t mean every underdog is on the right side. Sometimes, the so-called underdog is just plain wrong, and that’s exactly the case here. Being the underdog in a fight for oppression doesn’t earn any respect, Chris.  3. “Why does the North get a pass on slavery?” Chris, if you think folks are givin’ the North a “pass” on slavery, you’re missin’ the bigger picture here. No one’s denyin’ that slavery existed in the North early on, but you’ve gotta look at how attitudes changed over time. The North moved away from slavery far sooner, and when Union troops encountered the horrors of slavery firsthand during the war, it pushed many to fight all the harder to end it for good. Take Abraham Lincoln, for instance. He started with a primary goal of preserving the Union, but by 1863, he issued the Emancipation Proclamation, makin’ it clear that slavery was morally wrong and had no place in America.  Or look at General Ulysses S. Grant, who said, “It became apparent to me that this was to be a long war if the slavery question was not settled.” Union leaders came to see that slavery was the root of the problem, and that’s what pushed them to make it a war about freedom as much as reunification. You’ve got to see how even the North, with its own share of flaws, grew and changed. By the end, they were fightin’ for something greater—the idea that no person should be owned. Comparing early Northern slavery to what the South was fighting to preserve is like comparin’ apples to rotten, worm-infested oranges, son.
It's fun finding older videos ^^ If there is one thing that could be 'states rights to do what' you miiiiight be able to say 'states rights to flip the bird to the British', because it was the British that started the whole 'abolish slavery' deal. And if I support anything, it's other countries' rights to flip off the British. I should know, I'm British and I flip off the British daily. Context is key, though...
I like coming back here to look for pissed off confederates. Offended youtube comments are some of the funniest shit ever!
And to think people still defend the flag. Sure there may be more to it but the flag alone speaks volumes
I find it very funny how chris constantly asks why people are "still here if they have nothing to add." I feel like he's projecting. He's been here for months on end just spewing misinformation, and he's clearly not convincing a single soul or changing any facts. Meanwhile, everyone else is here to deal with him. So why is he here? I still don't know
Literally had an argument with my mom cuz I said anyonr flying a confederate flag on anything but an orange dodge charger is cringe as fuck. She was like "but why its just the stars and bars"... Its like wearing a football jersey for team slavery it's just actual loser shit.
And keep in mind that both sides went out of line. If you don't know then Google it. The Union wasn't great so don't defend them. The civil war is why we have a divide in the people today. The Founding Fathers were against the idea of political parties like Democrat and Republican.
i wish i could find more than strawman circlejerks when i search debates about this, cause i actually want to hear both sides. from what i understand, a lot of the stuff with slavery only applied to the south, not the north (who still owned slaves while slaughtering their brothers, supposedly to 'free the slaves'), and the federal government was using it as a tool to bludgeon the south with and extend its reach, taxation, and get it's central banking system started off.
You gotta admit. The Confederacy had BALLS to fight (for state's rights to govern themselves) against a bigger army. They believed in a limited government and they fought for it. Can you say you'd fight for something you believe in? Underdogs are the best!
Fr fuck the south if you are from the north, New York or whatever then you don’t want to go to the south
to play devils advocate...
The only way the 'states rights' argument sounds good is if you support individual states having more authority over themselves, but at the same time acknowledge that at the time the reason they wanted was for slavery. As long as you solely think the former is a good idea while viewing the latter as the abomination it is, then we should be good.
chris just put the fries in the bag  😭🙏🙏
this is the most amount of miss information ive ever seen on a youtube video
If you ever want to read any of the declarations of secession, I recommend Mississippi's, because it's kind of hilarious in that it's basically the slave-owning rich Mississippians whining about how it's hot and humid in Mississippi and white folk shouldn't be expected to do actual work in those conditions.  Texas also gets the award for "worst state in the Union" because the whole reason they seceded from Mexico was because the Mexicans had outlawed slavery (despite actually making a specific exception for Tejas - the Tejanos saw the writing on the wall). That's why Texas' state motto to this day is "Slavery Was So Nice, We Fought For It Twice!"
Yeah, no sh!t. Does school not exist anymore? Sorry, I'm late to the party. We learned this in social studies in high school. Do kids not have that anymore?
I hate when people make the confederacy out to be evil even though most confederate soldiers were just fighting for their home but every body just sees them as evil because “tHeY sUpPoRtEd SlAvErY” 🤓 please get educated folks.
but...
I can't smash that like button enough! 😂
History is indeed grey and gray most of the time, rather than black and white. But usually, one gray is DEFINETELY a darker shade of gray than the other. Not 100%/0% evil, but definetely 90/10. The fact there might have been some noble people or motives on the wrong side and some bad people or motives on the good side, doesn't mean that on the whole, the good side isn't good side and the bad side isn't the bad. "But this side also did bad things" doesn't in any way prove that that side isnt't, on the whole, the good side.
Remove slavery from the equation there is no secession crisis and therefore no civil war, but those rich elites just couldn't get over slavery dying out and losing all that free labor.
I really needed this, thank you
When General Lee said that they couldn't win the war without offering slaves who fought freedom, Jefferson Davis said that that was dumb, because the entire purpose of the civil war was slavery.
Counter argument: i am racit
They were making it nearly impossible for the south to trade with other countries with tariffs. God bless the Southern states.
So Chris, since you keep arguing that the states rights crushing Fugitive Slave act was “Created by Democrats” can you provide me the party affiliations of all the governors of future CSA states in 1850 and 1860?
Pokémon go lasted longer than the confederacy did, just saying
The South opposed States Rights.  They complained that some states did not follow the Fugitive Slave Act.  They wanted to eliminate the state's right to choose slavery.  Some Articles of Secession condemned states rights.  Not one praised them.  The Constitution of the Confederacy abolished states rights.  All members must be slave states, and no member state could outlaw slavery.  The Confederacy opposed States Rights.  The "states rights" argument, like the "lost cause" was revisionist history pushed by white supremacists.  I've never seen anyone push "states rights" that wasn't a white supremacist.
South: _”we are gonna keep our slaves >:(“_  North: _”nuts!”_
Items of note that proved slavery was the cause of the civil war.  Rejection of the Corwin Ammendment, which would have guaranteed slavery where it existed.  Attempts to push through the Crittenden compromise, which would have guaranteed "African slavery" (actual words used)  could never be abolished by an act of congress or a future Ammendment as well as allow its spread to all areas west and South of the Missouri compromise line. The Cornerstone speech given by the vice president, as shown in the video,  specifically voices slavery as the reason for the founding of the CSA. He also famously tried to walk back on his own words post-war in statements perpetuating the early days of the Lost Cause myth.
Chris, with how many comments you’ve been writing and how many arguments you’ve lost, I would be questioning my life right now if I was you, there’s no way you’re mentally okay in the head 😂
Chris and spytf2 fighting each other will probably last longer then the Confederacy did
My dad told me "Well actually the reason the Civil War stared was because they felt like they were unfairly taxed and unrepresented and wanted to branch off from the north."   And im like "yeah...  And keep slavery around"
As someone who grew up in the bible belt and is white af. I find this hilarious. Daww, they just dont wanna pay wages to people. Silly rich capitalists!
A major factor is that the southern states wanted to force northern states to allow slavers operate legally within northern territory. The south was _against_ states' rights.
Logical debate with those systematically refactoring reality is a waste of your time.   They aren’t operating from a debatable position. They’re evil and you should know this.
DuPont, a chemical company, has been around since 1802 has had a lifespan more than 55 times longer than the Confederacy. Forget about heritage, that's enough time to create a whole brand new civilization.
I swear I see rebel flags in fucking Ohio, A STATE THAT BORDERS FUCKING CANADA!
THey were being opressed from succeeding peacefully from the North. And they sought that due to unjust taxation of the southern states to make up for the lack of productivity in northern industry.  Seriously, if the south had been independant from the North it would have been the 3rd largest economy on the planet.  Added note, read the Emancipation Proclamation in detail some time. Note that it only freeed slaves in Southern states. Where this document had no authoity.
I wish I could like this video twice
"state's rights" that's COMMUNIST talk right there.
BITCH IM ELMUR FUDD AND IM HUNTING WABBITS
While looking through the comments and replies, I have learned something. No matter how far you scroll, or how much you read, Chris *can* get worse.
People who still support the Confederacy are absolute idiots. I remember someone in my High School telling me if they couldn't hang a Confederate flag in their locker because "it's their heritage", then gay people shouldn't be able to hang rainbow flags in their lockers either.  This man tried to imply that if he can't fly a flag that literally represents slavery, other people shouldn't be allowed to show gay pride. As if they were the same thing. What the fuck?
the annoying orange outlived the nazis as well... gg
The funny thing is that the “negros are inferior” bullshit was an engineered societal influence propaganda, most educated people that spouted it didn’t actually believe it but instead used it to influence the voting majority. Like seriously, they bought the slaves from Africans in Africa, no one involved in that actually believed it otherwise they’d have significant trouble with conducting transactions with their parties in Africa, it was just a convenient myth that they could use to influence the uneducated in America. The south has always lacked the education of the north and has always been easy to influence through propaganda operations, such as those done through organised religion. To this day the south rejects education in preference towards being religious sheep, they literally have priests calling them a ‘flock’ and still refuse to open their eyes. 😂
If you side with the Union, you ironically side with Republicans. But still. The individual state governments have the right to govern themselves. That not strictly about slavery. And the Emancipation Proclamation only abolished slavery for the south, not the North.
This is your reminder that the Confederacy was Democrat. You're welcome!!!! 😂
As someone who has actually dealt with people like this,  Repeatedly bludgeoning someone who thinks the south was in the right over the head with 'yeah but slavery!' and treating them like a fool isn't going to change their mind, even if it is a perfectly reasonable thing to do. Meet them on their fronts and show them why they are in error. Do not patronize, or condescend. That is how we're gonna get people on the right side of things.  Obviously this video is just a funny little sketch. But it should still be said.
I don’t know who’s more annoying between the states rights screamers or the We were slaves too screamers Please go fk yourselves
Now it's the states' rights to track your periods and force young girls to have babies.
Waitaminit... free labor?! What better deal can you get than _that?!_
yadda yadda people defending slavery on twitter, but now it's here in the comments section in the form of reply thread arguments, and most folks go just as silent as presented lmao
Slavery made the phone that you used to post this video, just fyi
Yeah heahea lol. But don't say this to the globies 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 THey beleive 1+1=3 and earth is globe 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Imagine eeliving earth is a globe in 2024 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 They must be all payed oppositions 😊😊😡😡😲😲😲😲😲😲
Not defending but it was mostly to do taxation
Look...slavery is bad. But it didn't go away, if anything there are more slaves now than any point in history. The United States and its people still profit from slavery every day. Do you have any idea how much more expensive your phone would be if we actually abolished slavery? We didn't abolish slavery. We just made it way more difficult for the average person to notice on a day-to-day basis.
So to clarify  The civil war originally started as a means to prevent the confederacy (which was created because the southern states were against Lincoln and their supporters who were against Slavery) from gaining power. Not to eliminate slavery, at least not *originally*, all of it was to preserve the Union.  Years passed and then the Union decided to also make the war to erradicate slavery, if i understand correctly this was because Europe could intervene due to economic reasons.
The fact this has to be a video is highly disappointing
That’s fine, ignore the facts and just shove slavery down our throats, it’s definitely not the polarization that slavery caused between north and south that ACTUALLY caused the split, but ok. and the annoying orange thing definitely shows how much northerners care for history, not so much the joke in the video, but the fact that so many “”based”” northern kids parrot that in all seriousness! This country is a nightmare! When will people learn history! Deo vindice! [><]
Living in Florida I have actively seen people walk around with the confederate flag shirts
That Annoying Orange point is VERY strong. Seriously. 🤣
GET DOUGLASS’D
Abraham Lincoln killed more Americans than Hitler and Tojo did
An interesting thing to contemplate if the Confederacy had won the Civil War how long would slavery have lasted in the South and if it ended how would it have ended. I read a short alternate history story about this scenario where the South just holocausted all the slaves when modern technology made them unprofitable.
What is really pathetic is that Lincoln was NOT going to abolish slavery at the time the South seceded. His goal was to ensure all new states were free states.
The South was happy to ignore the Northern States rights by using the Fugitive Slave act to allow escaped slaves to be abducted and taken back to slave states.
0:41 correction time. Lincoln actually said he wasn't gonna abolish slavery in his campaign but only contain it. His personal beliefs were abolitionist. His politics during his campaign was anti-slave.
To secede from the Union.
It's absolutely so fucking wild that so many "Proud Americans" have Confederate flags to show their "Patriotism" and one of the two major American political parties supports it.  Freedom of Speech argues that they have the right to wave the flag around if they want, but the fact the Republican party supports and agrees with them doing it is the thing that really makes this a "Only Americans could be that fucking stupid" situation.  Trump: *has many a rally with Confederate flags EVERYWHERE* Also Trump: "We're going to make America Great Again! We're the Greatest Patriots and America is the Greatest Nation!" Bitch your followers support the people who broke the country in half and started a civil war and tried to end the nation.  "We love this country so much we support the faction that started a civil war and tried to destroy it!"
True, but the republic not working out much better either. Kinda disgusting watching ww2 movies when the boys go fight those evil racist nazis and they sprinkle so black soldiers in to give the illusion of moral superiority. America never had any moral high ground
Please explain why African people inslave eachother as part of their culture for the last 10k years and the usa did it for like 300. 👍 Clearly some people think its right as the usa has stopped doing it and Africans havent.
This is the most restarted thing I've watched, even if it was a joke. The southern states at the time were the reason why everyone ate while everyone else sat back and enjoyed it, and it was sure easy for those people to say free labor was bad. Economics says youe full of yourself and why Africans still inslave each other while the usa says that's a big no no. 🤣🤣🤣
the confederate flag represents racism, destroy the confederate flag
You really like to pick and choose what u want in ur strawman argument, You don't even say which state cause each one wrote their own Declaration. You probably just slightly googled it or echo chambered it.
Rickrolling has lasted longer than the Confederacy.   You know the rules, and so do I.
GET DOUGLASED!!! Yeah….yeah I fuck with this
LMFAO
░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░ ░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░ ░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░ ░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░ ░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░ ░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░ ░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS BOB ▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░ ▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM, ░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO, HE CAN TAKE ░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER YOUTUBE ░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░ ░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░ ░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░
Fun fact the last time tf2 had a major update was longer than confederacy
I mean it was kinda cool and uh people still uh do slavery.
Sorry but the fact it lasted longer than THE ANNOYING ORANGE is funny af
While that is the primary, there are other reasons. Be aware of the past avoiding repeating it a second time.  Brutal truth must be known. There several other ones that are foolish like the USSR, Britian, parts of every country, leaders like Churchill, ideas of all aspects of capitialsm vs fascism, socialism, communism, bright and dark sides like feminism, nationalism, environmentalism etc.
They were also Democrats. You see they're continued racism all the way up through the seventies '80s and even the early 90s. Now it seems they just put on black face and make everyone hate each other.
Lincoln tried to end the war by keeping slaves, so how is it all about slavery?
Facts don’t care about your feelings snowflakes
States rights to do plenty: not be blockaded for economic purposes before the war even began, to not be railroaded into unfair trade-deals at gunpoint that would bankrupt the region, to have state-governments more powerful than the fed., etc.; by the way, I am not supporting slavery, and neither did most Confederates. There were some who did and were bad people, such as plantation-owners and some scummy politicians. Truth is, Jefferson Davis himself, alongside MOST (not all, but most) Confederate-leaders who spoke about the issue openly claimed it was not a war for slavery, many even claiming that slavery was bad, as they rightly should. Additionally, whether out of ideology or convenience, your typical Southerner did not like slavery, either, because it was so detestable or because it took agriculture-jobs and made them unable to compete with plantations, creating very desperate economic-situations in the South. Lastly, the Emancipation Proclamation seemed to conveniently not apply to the North, who also kept slaves and who kept them even after the war ended. The Confederacy was messed-up, for sure, but the North were definitely the worse side: I would say that even if I were from the North, just like I can be from the South and also acknowledge the Confederacy was deeply-troubled, as well. There were good and bad men on both sides, but, by far, the men of the South and the North were good men, side aside. Unfortunately, because of political-correctness and agenda-play, that’s never talked about in pop.-culture or most textbooks, sadly. The Civil-War SHOULD have been a war to end slavery, as all people are created equally in the image of God and are entitled to the exact-same rights as one another—sadly, however, the Civil-War was anything-but a war to free slaves, and both sides bear the blame for that—that’s not to defend the South, but to make sure the North is also called out, because both sides did it and were wrong for it. Both sides were slavers, plain-and-simple, and that’s not cool.
Honestly, the fact that many of those who either defend the Confederacy or defend the preservation of Confederate Monuments (of which MOST were erected AFTER the Civil War ended and during Jim Cro era and the Civil Rights moments; ALMOST IN DIRECT OPPOSITION TO PEOPLE FIGHTING FOR EQUALITY) claim that "wE cAnT eRaSe Or IgNoRe OuR hIsToRy," and I always wanna ask "What history is that, the history of fighting for your states' rights (to do what?), or the history you have of clinging to Rey Cyst beliefs baked into those 'rights'?"
The Democrat and Republican party never switched. Both sides wanted to preserve slavery. I'm sorry if you can't understand that.
I think that an American showing the Confederacy flag out of is house is like a German expose the Nazy one
1:02 🤣🤣🤣
That was amazing. Really it's very simple. The reason for the war is not complex at all. It was about slavery. Plain and simple. The Confederate constitution said slavery could never be banned. Every Confederate general or statesman talked about white supremacy and/or the evil of abolitionism. It was about slavery.
still gotta sick ass flag tho🤷🏻‍♂️
Never ask a man his income, a woman her age, or a conservative “states rights to do what?”
People always ask 'states rights to do what?' And they don't realize that it all started with Andrew Jackson, who during his presidency took power away from the states and increased the power held by the federal government. That was when tensions started. Let us not forget that the north also had slaves. During the war of northern aggression Abraham lincoln suspended parts of the constitution, and when he 'freed' the slaves in the south (territory he had no control over thus making it a useless decree), he never did anything about the northern slaves. Infact, slavery was not truly abolished until 5 months after his death. Abraham lincoln only pretended to free the southern slaves because he was losing support from abolitionists and also was on the verge of war with England (Fun fact: Karl Marx was a friend of lincoln and did a lot of work in europe to try to stop the English from interfering with the war).   65 thousand slaves served the confederate army during the civil war, around 13 thousand of which fought in combat against the union. Loyal slaves also took it upon themselves to take the deceased bodies of their masters back home despite having no obligation to do so.   Lincoln was a Tyrant that sent good young men to their deaths. Due to modern propoganda most people have forgotten that people like Stonewall Jackson actually built a school for enslaved blacks. Do with this information what you will..call me a racist, call me whatever you want. But the victors write the history, and you have been terribly misinformed about the events and people of the civil war. (Oh and there is newfound evidence of Abraham lincoln actually being a racist, too)
eating dirt is bad
many african american slaves lived better lives in the US as slaves than their non-enslaved african counterparts
GET EM DOUGLAS
America wants to go back to a period in time to where it held black people in the collar of chattel slavery, the self-reproducing system of slavery they guaranteed white people in this nation had a constant supply of black slaves. Because in the 1560 is the Catholic Church made it legal, both in the eyes of the law and in the eyes of God to hold another person in slavery provided that they were not white or Christian.
Fax brother! Spit your shit indeed!
I'm the king of hating Southerners and the Confederacy, but you aren't helping at all by making painfully unfunny videos that look like they belong on Reddit.
You really did it. You really owned....the Confederates. Wow good job
What was the problem with slavery at that time. When you try to take away half a states economy you can bet they would fight.  I guess its an easy punching bag for some as you can close your mind. But i think confederate pride is an important bit of identity to many, its better than deciding youre the opposite sex at least
If you want to be very technical, yes, the civil war happened due to one side forcing the other to accept policies.  However. Those policies were about banning slavery.  So while not technically directly about slavery,  the american civil war Was about slavery! Period.
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS!!!!!
I mean, yeah, basically. State's right to keep slaves. And yet… Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware were slave states that didn't secede (though MD _thought_ about it); meanwhile Arkansas, Tennessee, North Carolina, and Virginia did not secede until *months after* Lincoln's inauguration. It's simultaneously simple, but also more complex than we're allowed to be taught these days.  Like literally everything in America's 450-year history, it was never about morality (at least not at first), it was about MONEY.
Ok, for starters look at the C.S.A.'s constitution Article 1 section 9 paragraph 1 to be exact, it literally fucking says they were going to abolish slavery. Also the CSA wanted to become their own nation, not only just state rights.
States rights to do what? Decide for themselves. Not have the federal govt bring in their shit.   New Jersey Delaware Kentucky were all union slave states. They held their slave longer than any Southern state. The emancipation proclamation took effect jan 1 1863. The union slave state of west Virginia was admitted mo ths after as a slevae state.  The literal capital building in dc was literally being built bybslaves up until 1862.   If u still think the war or secession was over slavery, u need only to read lincolns first inaugural address from march 1861. One month before sumter. In it henoffers slavery to be codified in the constitution forever.   It was called thenl corwin ammendment. The original 13th amendment.   All 7 southern govornors turned it down.  If they seceded to preserve slavery,there was their victory. Without a shot being fired.   The seceded for independence an they said as much over an over. The corwin ammendment came out an was refused afternthe secession documents of whichbonly four mention slavery an none mention preserving it. Because the north had several slave states atvthe exact same time.   Google it all an see for yourself.
States rights tondo what? Decide for themselves. Nit have the federal govt bring in their shit.   New Jersey Delaware Kentucky were all union slave states. They held their slave longer than any Southern state. The emancipation proclamation took effect jan 1 1863. The union slave state of west Virginia was admitted mo ths after as a slevae state.  The literal capital building in dc was literally being built bybslaves up until 1862.   If u still think the war or secession was over slavery, u need only to read lincolns first inaugural address from march 1861. One month before sumter. In it henoffers slavery to be codified in the constitution forever.   It was called thenl corwin ammendment. The original 13th amendment.   All 7 southern govornors turned it down.  If they seceded to preserve slavery,there was their victory. Without a shot being fired.   The seceded for independence an they said as much over an over. The corwin ammendment came out an was refused afternthe secession documents of whichbonly four mention slavery an none mention preserving it. Because the north had several slave states atvthe exact same time.   Google it all an see for yourself.
This sounds like "the Drukkari from warhammer 40k are actually moraly gray" vives.
Claims that the confederacy was fighting for more then slavery  Cant mention shit besides the slavery  You definitly hit the nail on the head
Me when people say "Woman's Rights" when only actually referring to baby slau- I mean Abortion.
The amount of confederate simps in the comments is crazy XD
Slavery bad but also holding votes and meetings without all delegates is also bad, but hey don’t worry the south finally got to the Industrial Revolution of the modern era so corporate slavery is here. SO NOTHING FUCKING CHANGED.
Both the Northern and Southern hemisphere of the United States of America allowed slavery. And it's just reality that the Union didn't fight for moral reasons. And the two sides never switched. Sorry if you can't handle reality.
Dont forget that the north had slaves too. Plus the confideracy wasnt a country. And that flag represents the general flag, not the entire confederacy Plus before people say i like slavery, no i don't, i believe in the constitution.
We have waited for the Winds of Winter 3 times as long as the Confederacy existed
THE METROID FRANCHISE LASTED OVER 7 TIMES THE CONFEDERACY
The right to not be taxed on our cotton which is what the war actually started over. They wanted to tax US for shipping the cotton THEY ORDERED for lantern wicks, quilts, etc. Did we not have a revolutionary war for less? What is the point of this country if it actively spreads disinformation?
Well yeah the south was pro slavery, the vast majority of their workforce were slaves, it’d be like if another country told us that we can’t have African Americans in sports anymore. Yeah we’d adapt to it but it would be messy.
“Get Douglased” rocks.
It's even worse than people think. Yes, slavery has existed in nearly every culture and all of it is truly heinous (Don't buy and sell people, what is wrong with you? Also it's massively about classism) but chattel slavery? That gets a special WTF. Slavery in many other cultures was about classist owing of debt/servitude. It was also actually focused on "protecting" the property they bought. Chattel though? Nope, it was CHEAPER to let people die than to actually feed and house your "investment". All of it is incredibly disgusting and reprehensible, but there is a layer of "lesser evil" in older world versions and varieties of it. Chattel was the worst version and it is what was supported and done during the trans Atlantic slave trade.    Money and economic concerns often override human wellbeing routinely, but in the case of this depressing and supremely messed up time in human history, it really really showed it's ugly head. Support for slavery is about economic concerns because it was about profit, which it pretty freaking twisted. I'll never forget that dude who was saying his grandfather didn't own slaves because he couldn't afford them. Totally missing the point of course and looks terrible by saying that, but education in the south is also extremely lacking and there is a defense culture to being "trash" which is caused by a lot of classism, but also, he brings up something obvious, yet not talked about. Slavery was about and usually always has been about profit. The confederacy was about keeping power in the south through this means, no matter how many lives were being destroyed or lost because it was losing to the North otherwise, which it absolutely did. And in defense because the south has been in the wrong many times and is some of the worst states to live in for safety and cultural freedom as well as education, it constantly gets battered down and told it sucks. Which the people internalize and use as a badge of honor. Hence why you have people trying to find anything good they can, desperate to not let their heritage or place they come from seen as the bad guy, because that in turn with patriotism/nationalism/state pride makes them the bad guy too. And no one wants to be the bad guy.  There's a lot of depressing psychology as to why people would support something that's ostensibly messed up. Honestly, it's a reflection on how people are taken care of, or in the South's case, how they're the butt of every joke, get shite education, shite opportunity, taken advantage of and because there are only pockets of wealth concentrated as well as higher education only if you can afford, you create ghetto's of people who have no choice but culturally to defend where they come from. And you can see this often in other cultures too outside of the USA. A lot of racism issues boil down to classist at the core and continue because we are still MEGA classist.
There is a difference between normalised and not knowing something is evil. If you don’t think slavery is evil, you’re stupid.
There are MINECRAFT servers with longer history than the Confederates existed
CHECKMATE LINCOLNITES! the program where we destroy the pernicious lies of republicans, carpetbaggers, yankees, scallywags and... delineators of disabeled characters... using facts and logic
Confederacy is based
My brother wasnt that bad.  Neither of us never gave a single crap about them Good money makers.  We Only used them for publicity and Army uses.  Lincoln was going to send them back.  We didnt believe slavery was right but neither did we want The blacks in our lands.  Even lincoln as quote said they would be the downfall of our nation.
Lmfao nice bro. I too always hate when I see that fucking flag.
Fact check: The confederates was not bad
Bad thing bad good thing good
Confederacy will always be BS   Change my mind.
And please tell him about how the original flag was a "solid field of white" not racist at all/certainly didn't foretell the waving it in defeat
Unless of course he's playing fallout then all bets are off😂
To anyone in the comments legit talking like the confderacy is some great american thing, screw you traitors. If you think the confederacy is good it is a fact you hate America and literally cannot argue that.
thank you mister goobus for this educational content
Even if the Confederacy won the war, they wouldn't have lasted long. Slavery was naturally dying out at the start of the Industrial Age. The South's reliance on slave labor was pretty much holding them back from advancing as a society. Eventually, they would've rejoined the Union.
acording to what i was taught  to  decide on contended issues and self govern wich in this case also involved allowing slavery to remain (yeah yeah bad bad not argueing for it duh use your brain dummy}
Damn got a dude who draws himself as a virgin cuck trying to sound smart. cope more, please.
the wait for gta 6 is almost thrice as long as the confederacy's lifespan
States rights to determine their own policies over the federal gvt being the supreme ruler over them. The slavery just happened to be THE policy of fed/state disagreement at the time, if it would be sm/ else, the civil war would be far, far less obvious than it is. Also its funny how the most America-hating people will be proudly marching under the US flag as long as it opresses the states rights lul.
Slavery is indeed evil. An ever expanding Federal Gov is also evil.
What really pisses me off about these people is that these are the same people that will claim they are real Americans and that they love Americ get you wave a flag of America’s enemy. And yet they don’t want to acknowledge white privilege exist.
-Democrats Then: “We must secede from the Union to preserve the states rights to choose who we enslave” -Democrats Now: “We must ensure that our past as slavers is forgotten by once again sewing racism into our society, but reversed from our stance less than a century ago.” - Someone said that X is making slavery controversial, but I say it’s not slavery that is controversial. It’s the people who are trying to rewrite history to divert blame onto the opposition that make it controversial. Republicans fought the slavers, but the democrats drafted Jim Crowe. Republicans fought Jim Crowe, but the democrats lied their way out of it. The republicans sought to preserve the historical significance of who did what and why, but the democrats actively sought to hide it behind a vale of racial division by means of demonizing one specific group instead of owning their sins like adults. History is beginning to repeat itself. Do you know what led to the secession? The democrats blinded their own with promises of grandeur and lies about racial differences. And when the republicans defended the rights of all through legislation, the democrat politicians chose to fight the bills by seceding instead of legally opposing it through counter legislation and lobbying. And now they’re passing bills to divide us, and we’re fed up with the nonsense. They still may declare themselves as the party for the people, but so did Adolph Hitler, who was a Socialist, which is a democrat pushed ideology. I digress.
Every confederate states constitution and reason for leaving has slavery as the number 1 reason they wanna leave you can argue states rights all you want but they wanted the states rights to own other people
Wrong
Only reason to fly a confederate flag is dukes of hazard
"Get Douglas!"
Deadass that last point should drop the winds of anyones sail😂😂
i’ve seen hamsters live longer than the confederacy. i’ve had china made plastic shit last longer than the confederacy. i’ve had temu products last longer than the confederacy. i’ve owned ali baba products that have outlived the confederacy. UNDERTALE HAS OUTLIVED THE CONFEDERACY.  *THE GAP BETWEEN GoT NOVELS IS NEARLY THREE TIMES OLDER THAN THE CONFEDERACY.*
Ya know the us civil war seems like one of those pretty black and white events.
GODDAMN this comment section is great
How could free labour be bad? It has free in the name.
ANSWER THE DAMN QUESTION!
i still like how this year old 1 minute cartoon made people mad
a woman's right to do what?
0:50 I have no love for the Confederacy either, but this is extremely close-minded, and misses the concerns that are still relevant today. The phrase "state's rights" wasn't about what they wanted to use the rights for, it's referring to the 10th Amendment of the Constitution, which says "any power not explicitly given to the Federal government by the Constitution is reserved for the States, or the people." The southern states were arguing that the federal government was doing stuff they did not have authority to do, which did include outlawing slavery.  That's why the 13th amendment was ratified, to guarantee that the Federal government had the authority to enforce it. This is an incredibly valid concern, as dictatorships usually start by the government giving itself more power over time, and the US federal government has been doing exactly that quite a lot in recent decades. For obvious examples, look up how "emergency powers" are used.  edit: Apparently had to clarify that I am not defending the Confederacy, because people love making assumptions.
Aaaaa-way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators~
I love how the words "black and white" sound cut in. Like this live recording has a built in censor in case he starts dropping slurs.
Lincoln was only against slavery to a certain extent.  He never would have started a war to do it.  He wanted to get rid of it in a  peaceful constitutional way.  He also knew that minimally during his first term the political will wasn’t there to do that.  He certainly would have never been able to do it if the South had not succeeded and started shooting at soldiers stationed in the South. The South was so scared of the decline and lack of EXPANSION of slavery in the territories that were on path to become states they started a war to preserve it. LONG TERM.  Slavery being phased out economically then later legally scared the shit out of them.  We still have public schools name for the shit Baig leaders of the confederacy.  Knowing that nobody should be surprised by Trump.   The only thing that surprises me about Trump are people not rich and/or white thinking he manipulate the economy to help them.
This made my day
Kinda dumb to fight over "white things" and "black things" when you can just share😐
Wait, what? Racism is BAD??!!!11!!1!1!!11!!!!!1!! I can't belive it!!!!!!1!!!!!!11!!!111!!9!!!
The amount of people in this comment section who are unironic confederate apologists that are complicating it and saying “akchualley, (insert worst take/counter argument ever)” with all their whatabouttism and so on and so forth, tons of peer reviewed studies and sources that south was indeed about slavery yet y’all desperately cling on this this miserable excuse of a rebellion that only last 4 years because people didn’t want their ability to own another person be taken away from them (and also because for odd reason people still despise people of different skin color even though you should judge someone by color of character and not skin color but whatever).  In short: Stop being an apologist, and please, go find a hobby instead of wasting your time defending traitors.
Get douglased is crazy
To set policies and excercise powers not specifically granted to the federal government, you fucking retard.
Real
My Singing Monsters lasted 3 times longer than the Confederacy. Furcorn statues, NOW!
Both sides were bad *sips coffee* but one was worse.
Anyone ever watch that show the Men who Built America?  The railroad tycoons, steel industry, oil, etc? At one point the heads of those corporations gather together and,  though i do not know if this was quoated as real,  discuss "buying the presidency" to secure the future of their institutions. That is exactly how the Confederacy was founded.  Was it a powerplay by an uber-rich minority whom didn't care about any of the poor? Yes. What was their great concern? Their bottom line.  Were they willing to send thousands of the poor and young to die for that bottom line in the name of "States rights?" Hell yes they did.  When they realized they couldn't get the politics to shift their own way, they tried to take their ball and make a new home for it. And before we had a chance to tell them no they were stealing federal arms and occupied forts because they knew exactly what would eventually happen when one of them were told to give it up and they said no.
Southerner:it was actually fighting...for states' riiiiiights- Doobus:*comes outta know where*states rights to do what?!
"We are honoring the confederate soldiers! Not all confederate soldiers fought FOR slavery. They were fighting for their country"  Dare you to swap that for 1940s Germany and still feel as confident in that sentiment.
Imagine shitting on Confederacy and calling them losers while at the same time celebrating Indigenous People's Day ...
Fun Fact: The recommended age range for LEGO is "ages 4-99"   Most children can't even play with LEGOs until they've lived as long or longer than the Confederacy did.
I won’t deny the south was bad with what they wanted to use their rights for, but you can’t argue that the federal government hasn’t abused the power hey got from winning that war.
I realize I'm late to the party, but yes, those states' rights were to keep slavery. That wasn't the point. the point was the North believed the federal government should be able to strip a state of its rights, which the South disagreed with. Again, yes slavery was a huge part in it, but not the root of the war.  Edit: I never said I support the South, but the whole 'states' rights to do what' thing is demeaning to the reason it started. It wasn't for slavery. It was to show that the federal government couldn't just force laws on states.
The states right's to use the slaves that the Jews brought over.
Still won't convince me the war was a good thing given it caused the death of a million americans just to worsen the living conditions of black southerners. But hey, at least the US made its point, they were freed !  You can moral grandstand all you want, you're still dancing on the corpses of a million americans, most of whom had nothing to do with slavery, that were killed because some people couldn't wait 20 years for slavery to die off, as it would have in all of the other western countries. But hey, we get it, you're against slavery, just like all of us. Good for you.
What else were they fighting for? Pretty sure it was just slavery.
The virgin “The Confederacy seceded for states rights and I support it because of my heritage”   VS   The CHAD “The confederacy seceded because of slavery so therefore I will lay down my life defending it because I am racist.”
Great vid. Tons of people seem to be forgetting history, and doesnt help that schools dont really teach or tell you wtf it was really about. Crazy that some people have told me their school never taught them about slavery or anything that happened pre 1970s.
Also, like even IF you took slavery out of the equation (Which you can't) State's Rights is still bad.  Let's say Ohio wanted to make FGM mandatory for females after they turn twelve years of age.  The state had a vote which passed.  Tough luck, now they have FGM.  Nobody on the federal level could be like 'Wait a goddam minute here..'  Or okay, let's say California wanted to pass a law that every year 1000 people would be selected in a state lottery to be sacrificed to Steve Urkel in order to ensure a pistachio harvest.  Oops, too bad it passed!    Obviously something should exist at a federal level to take a state's toys away if it does something too rash.  Texas setting up bladed, SAW traps on the Rio Grande for example for the purpose of killing anybody that tried for it a few years ago.  Sure enough federal agents came in and put a stop to that.
Cool, we love invisible strawmen.
Real talk there were a few trade deals that cut out 80% of the demand for the south's crops which many southern states viewed as an intentional attempt to cripple their economy.. When saying 'states rights', it's not about a negative right to be free to do something, it's the positive right to not be regulated by a federal government.
That was awesome! 🤣
“STATES RIGHT TO DO WHAT!?” Hell yeah! Direct to the point!
I'm not an American but I am proud with my Union heritage
too real
Yes, I support the confederacy because they oppress Blacks into slavery, and i like flag, song, government confederacy. What are you going to do to me?
As a southerner(mississippian to be exact), i have no fucking clue why some people try to defend it. Also, dixie is still flown not for a sign of slavery, but as a sign of rebllion against tyranny (Do not ask why its shown as a sign of that idk why) Also another thing, i kinda like the song
God, I just think the flag is cool looking. I don’t even like them, and I don’t want to identify with them, but it’s like how Hitler made toothbrush mustaches uncool
It’s important to understand that the South wasn’t being oppressed by taxes in the way it’s often portrayed. Back in the days before the Civil War, things like income taxes, property taxes, and sales taxes weren’t really a thing. When people talk about taxes back then, they’re referring to tariffs on imports, which is how the federal government made its money.  We actually have records from the time showing what foreign goods were imported into the U.S. Just before the war, the Chamber of Commerce of New York reported that from July 1859 to June 1860, New York alone brought in $233.7 million worth of foreign goods. Out of that, $203.4 million was subject to tariffs. In contrast, all other U.S. ports combined imported only $128.5 million, with $76.5 million subject to tariffs. This means that New York merchants paid 63.5% of all the federal government's revenue in that year.  This wasn’t a one-off occurrence—New York had been covering nearly two-thirds of the government's revenue for the previous five years as well. So, while the South might have felt that tariffs affected them, in reality, New York City was shouldering the majority of the financial burden, not the Southern states.  So no the South was not being oppressed by taxes
Also, the Confederate states didn't care about states rights. Otherwise they wouldn't have been so big on The fugitive slave act, because that would have been a states rights issue.
I'm not even American, but as soon as the Confederacy is mentioned I become a full Red White and Starry Blue Patriot
Texas was a country longer than The Confederacy.
The k*k took that flag and made it racist because the flag represents Jesus's blood the white borders is the protection of god the blue x represents the Christian cross of saint Andrew's and the 13 stars represent the 13 states
"get douglased" is the best line by far.
Even the Weimar Republic outlived the Confederacy. And all it took to take it out was a flawed constitution and a guy with a funny moustache.
The states rights to make their own laws? Like seriously? Did you not study history at all? You act like you've made a fine point but all you've done is show how uneducated you are with your "good point". Like what I'm not allowed to want states to be the highest level of law making authority? Or are you saying I'm a racist because i support more localized government?
I am more and more baffled how some peoples in the newest comment section still trying to argue that "Slavery isn't wrong" for god-damned years.
I love me some Dixie.   *UNION Dixie*
I'm not the only one who has watched Checkmate Lincolnites am i? Chris,  please please go take a look? For all of us.  Just the first video 😢.
Shut the hell up confederate *Busts a move*
You do realize there were slaves in the North too, right? Even at the beginning of the Civil War. Few people, including Lincoln, made much of it early on. It wasn’t until about halfway through the war that slavery became a political tool—a morale boost to justify the mounting casualties. Yes, the war was about states’ rights to have slaves, but the consequences of violating states’ rights went far beyond just that issue. The real problem was that individual states lost the ability to govern independently, now forced to operate in lockstep with a centralized authority, no matter the circumstances or who was making the decisions.  Think about it: a distant group of politicians, far removed from the realities of your daily life, telling you and your state how to live. Sure, slavery was the immediate issue, but the broader principle is that the South was losing much more—the autonomy of states and the precedent that the federal government could dictate whatever it wanted to any state, regardless of whether they understood or cared about the unique circumstances of that state. Slavery was wrong—no one denies the horrors or the moral imperative to end it—but the way it was ended, through the federal government overriding states’ autonomy, set a dangerous precedent that ripples through today.  The foundation of American culture is that states have the right to function independently from the federal government, specifically to avoid submission to centralized authority. Yes, the South had its share of racists, but dismissing their entire argument because of that fact is an ad hominem fallacy. Just because of who they were doesn’t invalidate their concerns about state sovereignty. Their argument was this: if the federal government can intervene in states’ rights on the issue of slavery, what’s to stop it from intervening on any issue in the future? And while slavery absolutely needed to be abolished, the South’s concern about the dangers of unchecked federal power still holds water and reflects how the nation was originally intended to function.  If that precedent was allowed to stand, it means the federal government could impose its will on any state, north, south, east, or west, whenever it wanted and for whatever reason it deemed fit. So while slavery was the immediate issue, the bigger picture was about the future of how this country would be governed.
the frederic douglas at the end 😭
You guys don't understand that it wasn't just about slavery. It was also about having the right the to do what JD Vance does to his couches if couches can make more couches and sell them off because he only sees them as couches and nothing else. Many Union soldiers found this out the hard way when they met slaves that reminded them of family, being mistreated and sold by their very father. And those southerners were so afraid that their women would be treated the same by emancipated men. Their fears were only projections of what they've been doing all along. Talk about not wanting to pay for the sins of the literal father.
🫡
I used to believe this state's rights thing until I looked into it myself. I feel a small pang of shame every time people roast the south, but I think this is a meager weight to bear as a reminder of my prior ignorance on the topic. Screw the CSA.
The Union reigns supreme
As a southerner with a rebel ancestor. Am i glad the south lost? Yes. Was every rebel a dick? No. Plus even France and England was about to help the south to help weaken America and protect Cotton imports since the Union did the Anaconda plan. But they found cotton in India so Britain dropped out. That was the only chance the south had is if Britain and France joined in to help.
Pretty easy to win an argument when you're in control of both sides.
Both South and North had slavery and wanted it to stay. A growing civil rights movement that occurred years before Lincoln made office was happening. The war initially occurred due to economic conflicts and the federal government wanting to tariff goods and slaves. Slavery become a much bigger issue later on in the war as the North used the emancipation proclamation against the South which freed no slaves. The North was the last to free its slaves after the war thanks to the civil rights movement, not thr Civil War itself. Lincoln was opposed to freeing slaves and even wrote that he would prefer they simply be shipped back to Africa if they were freed. Lincoln was also a tyrant who abused his powers during war and even sent firing squads after dissidence. His post-war policies paved the way for the expansion of the federal government that you know today. Neither the North or South were good guys and the lesson is that with government you always lose. Millions needlessly died and faced economic hardship from the fallout and it still took well over a century to actually make a difference in civil rights. Government only prolonged slavery and the continued human rights violations against former slaves.
States right’s to not have a civil war over farm labor and to leave the union.
We can not forget it was the 1% of the South that really cared about slavery ps that included both white and black slave owners and I is about southern heritage just like how Texanwill find a way to talk about texas in any conversation and you also have to look at the differences between the north and south in terms of how the regions were yes the south had slaves but same goes a lot of countries that were like the South most Nations got rid of slaves by the time they were going through industrializing then they got rid of slavery and replaced it with child labor. fyi for information about me I'm mixed both black and white and from the deep South
Fuck Rusian Empire. And Fuck the Union. Russia was evil empire enslaving milions of nations, taking away thier representation, crushing the independence movements, and yet the Union supported it.  Fuck Union.
Doobus gooner hangs on Twitter too much
We were too soft on them after the war.
based
Concord was in development longer that the Confederacy was a thing
Make this man president in the 1800s
How you guys think about the Confederacy is exactly how we Vietnamese think about the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam)
Yall im an AP US History kid I’ll come back in a few weeks when we get to the subject and I’ll correct any mistakes any slavery defenders might make👍
Yeah the confederacy is shit. The idea of states rights isn’t wrong. An overbearing federal government is why living for 70% of the population is so difficult rn
On the "states right to seceded" bullshit:  The concept of "states rights" can only flow from the accepted fact that the Union and Federal Government decides what's "rights" states have. So the idea that it is a right for states to secede and basically kill off the federal government is nonsensical because it would end their argument of "states rights" as well because if there is no federal government to define these "states rights" against, where would they come from ? Basically nowhere.  This falls into the sovereign citizen argument of " I am not a legal person therefore your laws don't apply to me" category. If you are not a legal person then you have 0 rights to begin with and everyone can have their merry way with you.
It _wasn't_ black and white though. There's a reason the slaves were escaping to Canada and not the north.
"A STATE'S RIGHT TO WHAT"  Determine their own laws without interference from the Federal Government.  Many of the states in the Confederacy were anti-slave states, but still joined the cause due to Lincoln's excessive overreach and abuse of power.
ngl. If i had some humans doing work for me i wouldn’t wanna give them up either.
Classic democrats
Pooh Bear does not support slavery.
Fortnite lasted longer than the Confederacy
Do people also not recall that after the CSA was made they created a practically identical government system to the union which included the draft of civilians, making freeing slaves against FEDERAL law,  and limiting civilian movement between states or by foreign traders? "States rights" may have had a hand in creating the CSA, but after that it was thrown aside.  ALSO STATESRIGHTSTODOWHAT?!
Me trying to get asmany cities to secede in civ 6 while playing as Britain
Hivemind Mentality: A group of people who act or think in unison as if they are all the same individual. Mob Mentality: A group of 3 or more persons, who act with a negative group conscience to show strength in numbers.  A lot of you here are exhibiting both of these behaviors......
States’ rights to ignore a national government.   There ya go! Sheesh… 🙄
The wait for titanfall 3 is longer then the confederacy’s entire existence. Wich makes sense because the first is worth the wait and the second shouldn’t have lasted even a year
And the sad thing is, because the North wanted to reintegrate the South back into the Union post-haste, most of its greatest offenders (Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, etc.) got off scott free, and the South got to go right back to doing what they'd been doing before in all but name.
It is important that this flag has visibility so that gringos remember their racist roots. "For Hispanics the term race does not apply to humans" that is to classify types of dogs, horses or cats. All humans belong to the race Homo sapiens sapiens, the rest are ethnic groups. Don't take it as an attack, but I'm shocked by your "woke" vibe trying to clear up blame, you feel hypocritical.
Goobus, I have to ask. Did you model this southern “historian” after Shelby Foote? Because if you did you got him spot on, if not, damn dude you really got Shelby Foote without even realizing!
Even the founding fathers were like "We cannot call ourselves a free nation and have slavery, but we need the South to fight with us so they can get in. We'll deal with that later."
It may have costed him every Republican fan he had but it was worth it the shit was hilarious. 😂
State rights to secede from the Union, which was a constitutional right at the time that even Abraham Lincoln supported until right before the start of the war. Most Confederate soldiers weren't slaveowners and certainly weren't fighting for their rights to own slaves. Funny cartoon though, buddy. Really good drawings 😂
I have a lot of people to send this video to because it says it a lot quicker than I usually do lol
water is wet
Imagine complaining about me all because you're offended by anything. I don't support slavery and I never said I do. You think I do just because I say more than "slavery is wrong". And you're here in this section, but I don't say anything about that. Stop being ridiculous.
This is what history class should be like
The villain actually had a point tho (this is a joke)
Sooner or later Chris will be complaining about this video longer than the Confederacy lasted. Food for thought
Aw shit I think he getting polic now
Came back to laugh again at the whiners pining for a dead cabal of slavers. Imagine simping for a nation so weak, it couldn’t last 5 years.
the confederacy was bad and the sky is blue
Chris, you sure like to act like you're some oppressed soul, misunderstood by the world, but let’s be real for a second—you’re not some tragic figure fightin’ against the odds. You’re just a spiteful, bitter man who can’t let go of the past, clingin’ to a flag and a cause that were built on the backs of enslaved people. You ain't the lone warrior against tyranny; you're someone who refuses to move forward, stuck in a time that’s long gone.  You love to throw around these victim narratives, like the world’s out to get you, but the truth is, you're not oppressed. You're just mad that people aren’t buyin’ into your revisionist history anymore. You sit here, talkin' about "heritage," but all it seems to do is justify bitterness and hate. That ain't heritage—that's a grudge, and one you can’t seem to shake.  It’s time to stop playin’ the martyr, because no one’s buying it. You’re not a misunderstood hero—you're just stuck in the same old tired rhetoric, unable to move on from a world that’s tryin' to leave hate and division behind.
It's a literal fact that the north allowed slavery. Just like the south did. But somehow, the north of absolved of all the things it's done. And why is slavery wrong to begin with? If people are treated as humans, what IS the problem?
The best way to say you are wrong
Why was my comment deleted? Did i state the facta about the confederacy?? Oops
The only places a confederate flag belongs are: -A museum -On the roof of a bright orange '69 Dodge Charger with the racing number "01" on the doors
I don't know what's wilder.... That there are black people who defend the Confederacy and slavery or that the Republicans are now the party that wants to protect the Confederacy.
The fucking wiiU lasted longer then the Confederacy
alternate universe Atun-shei
Doobus being politically correct for the sake of his future on youtube. Fucking coward.
republicans now: “let’s make a second one”
No shit Sherlock
On the other hand. . .     COMMUNISM.
my issue is the narrative that the north was this angelic anti slavery authority that came to destroy the "evil and racist south" their were bad actors on both sides. I am certainly not defending the confederacy. Also how exactly was the confederacy traitorous? nowhere in the constitution does it forbid secession from the union.
honestly the flag looks nice i think thats it. honestly i got told it was cuz of taxes costed too much my history teacher I'm thinking led me astray im changing my steam profile aint no way you can bandage that reputation I was so so wrong.
Ah yes the oldest troll in American history, remixing a trators theme song to just shitting on said trators. Just as the founding fathers intended.
The south will rise again... south america
States rights to govern themselves and the confederacy was weak compared to the north because they were outnumbered well over 2 to 1. The fact that they held out 5 years while being that outnumbered and even almost winning is astonishing. And while I agree that slavery is morally questionable what are you doing to put a stop to it in the Middle East? Also most people back then knew slavery was wrong they just didn’t want it to end all at once so the economy wouldn’t crash. The south shall rise again
Technically it was their rights to have slaves, but also regulate themselves and the right to leave the union
When I was a wee lad in a midwest school, they never told us how short the Confederacy was. I now see why.  Anyways everyone please rise in the presence of our National Treasure, the Annoying Orange.
Confederate Constitution: "You can't secede, nor can you pass laws banning slavery"  How hilariously ironic that the first thing a pro-slavery nation does to the states who join them is take away their freedom to leave or govern themselves. Its almost like the "State's right" argument is bullshit.
America will not be the perfect country  not in a million years
Yeah but think about how much easier it'd be to take care of the land I would love to I have a fun
My never-online self thinking "the annoying orange" was Donald Trump...
The "Get douglased" was great.
A state’s right to secede from the union. Hmmm I can’t think of an argument my opponent would, so I’ll just make him a rambling idiot in my video.
What's the song 😊
The south seceded to continue slavery 100%.  That didn't have to be a war.  There was no war until the North that we weren't a Union of States but instead one big state.
Didn't both the north and south of the United States of America have slavery? Why do people want to deny that? I just don't get it. And I'm still not convinced that the two major parties "switched". You need to make sense of it.
The annoying orange also outlived WCW as an independent company (not just a brand of NWA). And your point would be what exactly?
The confederacy had two flags technically. One was for war/battle the other was like wanna be national flag ig. National flag is fine cuz most people have that one up for those who fell(because while they may have sucked morally they were still people) and if they have the war one up. Run. Run far away and hope you don't find more of them.
The only "right" I know of was basically not wanting to pay taxes, but even that I don't think I got it right
Man is a slave not because of his race, preferences, religion, or anything marginalized. He is a slave because of his acts and personality.
I firmly believe this video should be played in every 4th grade social studies class
i physically can't defend the confederacy but i will defended the odd few soldier's that were drafted and the young men who had to fight a rich mans war i feel bad for most sides where that happened weather it ww1 ww2 war Vietnam i always feel bad for the people who had no choice but to be there to fight a war they didn't want to fight but at the same time we know the good guys and the bad guys but what about the 13 year old's who were forced to fight in the civil war on both sides it a sad cold fact [but seriously fuck the confederacy they were just a bunch of rich men who wanted slaves.]
Fun Fact: Generation Alpha has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
REALLY?
1:14 bro...
The two sides literally did not switch. And even if it did, how exactly is that relevant to the 1860s? As far as I can tell, this narrative was created by Democrats so they can be absolved of their past.
If I remember Lincoln wasn’t even gonna abolish it because he didn’t want a war, but they did, so he went okay we are going the hard way. And abolishe dit
This frame 1:16
Only cool thing about Dixie was the flag and that’s about it the rest of it sucks
The irony of this video and the mr beast one involving the same green guy is staggering.
So I looked into what is those other rights. While they are good, and kinda of a worthy cause. The whole slavery thing is quite front and centre with racism at it's peak (U.S. slavery was technically racially blind, C.S. was just about black people, preferably of African descendent). So yeah, it was not just about slavery, but it surely was mostly about slavery.  As result, it was mostly about the right to keep slaves. Funny enough, the whole war was not about the slaves, it was mostly about stopping a rebellion. quite crazy if you think about it, slavery was so normal and common people did not think it was bad or thought it was a necessary evil. With some thinking it was good and the natural order.  P.S.: note that the rebellion started because abolishment of slavery was becoming more popular at the time. So the C.S. started to keep Slavery going, no matter what.
"They were treated well!"  We weren't treated right even *after* slavery ended!
Trepang2 had existed longer than the Confederacy.
Jews are to blame for slavery in the USA. Research who owned the slave ships. Research the Rabbis that were provoking both the South and the North. The majority of slave owners were Jewish.  Slavery also existed in the Americas before a single Blacks was imported. All the Indian tribes practiced slavery.  The White indentured servants were slaves in all but name.  America should never have bought the slaves that Jews were selling. It has only ever led to race wars.
Remember when twitter was angry with this video good times
One thing I hate about Texas is that is was apart of the confederacy.
As a Southerner, I fully believe that the Confederacy was a bad thing and the people who owned slaves were not good people. But several people were sitting in US jails rotting away who had never seen due process. (A fair trial). Even after the states seceded, the North then invaded, so what exactly is expected of the folks who just created a new sovereign nation( and yes, not one other country recognized the South as a nation). Thats right, fight the invaders.    But it's been dumbed down to the only reason for Seceding was slavery, which is simply not true.
This guy screams he is a jew and fed
Who's chris aand why does he have the same name as my alcoholic father?
No shit sherlock
im curious to meet this chris character
Slavery is evil! God himself just uhh forgot to mention that part! Yeah he just spent plenty of time talking about how to serve your masters or care for your slaves. Weird he never came around to calling the whole thing evil. Hmm but i guess you've got more moral authority than Jesus Christ, carry on
Literally same argument they make against the 2nd amendment. " Your right to own a gun so you can do what!?" Like the north didn't say "Hey you guys can leave us and fo your own thing just promise to cut back on the slavery! (Btw the north still had slaves too they weren't bloodless)
Annoying orange is older than South Sudan and it’s almost as old as Kosovo
The vast vast majority of the south didn't own slaves. But for some reason it was still the bloodiest war in US history because a bunch of people who didn't own slaves wanted to fight and die for the ones who did?
Confederates are unamerican :) They're fighting for the opposite of the freedom they tout.  It blows my mind that the ones down there that are like "Our freedom of speech! freedom of guns!!" are the same ones who are fighting against freedoms for LGBTQIA people, freedoms for women, freedoms for people of colour.  I really do feel like the rest of the world (i.e. us here in Canada) look down at the US in shock that they think they are the land of the free
From a person that was born and lived in texas Sorry
Who is this “Chris” guy the comments kept talking about?
Holy shit that Chris guy really is here everyday this video really hurt him bad like bro just move on find a girl get married have children boy
Ok Chris you’re not Racist, you have an understanding of its history and how its started and you are upset that people are calling you it when you aren’t. That is established………………… …………………so what’s your deal than?
Chris has officially lost his mind. He’s just saying random things and making no logical sense now. But then again he was doing that before too so…….. hmmmmm 🤔
I think I broke Chris
Two Broke Girls ran longer than the confederacy.
I say, I say that guy sounded like Foghorn Leghorn.
I got this video recommended to me again and decided to see the recent comments. Yup, it’s still a dumpster fire of Confederate sympathizers. Salute to the 24/7 fact checkers shutting these guys’ stupid ideas down. 🫡
I just wanna say that I hate how because there are people who unironically defend the confederacy, it makes everyone in the south look bad.   People still think the majority of us are in the mindset of the segregation era, and that’s simply not true. There are naturally going to be people that are still backwards in their thinking, but that’s true of everywhere. I’d go out on a limb to say most people here are tolerant of societal change- at the very least.  It just kinda sucks to live in North Carolina, a beautiful state with a mountain/forest region, a very urban central region, and lovely coastal region, and yet some people are appalled at the idea of even coming here just because of this kinda stuff.
Fact: The Republican Party was created to politically protect slavery.
it was for the relations of power between the federal governement and the states. And southern states had a lot more to loose if it went as the governement wanted. It largely include slavery since it was the main income of the states and the most powerfull people living in those states. wich often influence the decision of the people in charge. Also the question is as old as your country, because it is evident when you got in the shoes of people leading a revolution, that the questions of how to govern and how you'll share and orginize the charges that comes with the responsabilities, those will have to be answered. one of wich the state could have been as many different untited nations, As allies, Or federated under a same governement.  To keep it short. All that context and perspective you must understand and must take into account. Because just antoganising people because their value doesn't fit yours isn't a good idea. why you asked ? because today slavery is a mostly considered bad thing. There is no way to know what will be mostly considered a good thing. Maybe we will burn women because they speak funny. maybe we will force the labor of people from another continent because they look funny. Who knows ?   You can't limit the thinking to this video. Because the argument prestented here doesn't prevent that, if anything it is the same as the people you think you are calling out. And you feel good because in your perspective you are the "good guy". And there is sign everywhere around the globe that it's at least not enough, and to my point of view, the same way of thinking but put around different ideals. Wich once again, doesn't change anything for long enough. Now is the time i mention your goverement is an hegemonic idiocracy, not even serving the people that give them money and power, loosing their grip to reality, wasting ressources, maintining wars they declare preventing (and it is a question of belief that they are sincere in their contradiction).  A country that made the prison of Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib. Wich is wrong in every way possible, in OTHER'S COUNTRIES. And yes the conclusion hypocrisie or blessed ignorance, given the tone and argument before. Even though the ideas are good. But fascism use good ideas in their rethoric, so yet another point that ideas are not enough.
And I like how Pennsylvania is putting up confederate flags saying it’s “their heritage”, even though they were on the NORTH’S side of the war. Pennsylvania I’m pretty sure it’s a 200 years past for you to change sides.
now let’s say hypothetically
my favorite FUCKING video ever created
The south will rise again
Bro slavery is still a thing , they were just more direct and honest about it back in the day
in all fairness doobus goobus what else are you supposed to do in the south expect celebrate the confederacy
Dam some of the comments here are crazy wow
In elementary school we are taught that the civil war was about slavery, in middle school we are taught that it was actually much more complicated than that. In high school we are taught that it was all about slavery.
The Fallout franchise (1997-present) has outlasted the confederacy LETSSSS GOOOOOOO!!!!
Slave labor = cheaper prices. So does gooby indulge in inflation?
5 million racist absolutely kicked the dog shit out of 20 million pencil pushing northern fags for 3 1/2 years imagine if the the population were even y’all wouldn’t be smelling your own farts on YouTube comment sections that’s for sure
Boston hates niggas more than any southern city and it’s 85% white they don’t even have to deal with them 😂
I personally hate America, fuck your banana republic, and your pretend democracy.
Douglas being called in like a Stand is great
0:26 they didnt want USA to split on two, slavery is not a reason, at least, not a single, and surely not main one. cancelling of it was just used to look like 'nice side' in this conflict
Gotta love the union dixie at the end
CHRIS DO NOT COMMENT!!! Leave the comment section, go on with your life. You’re gonna delete the comment anyways cause everyone who’s gonna respond is gonna dog on you and you can’t handle people giving better comments than you.
a common story i heard, was the South was being Taxed for their slave population, but given votes for said slave population. so the South thought they were being taxed without representation. because Southern Tax money was used to develop and cultivate the north. meaning the only way the South could achieve a functional standard of living, was to run massive plantations to cover their financial needs for both themselves and their workers. they physically couldn't get enough willing able bodied workers to barely break even, so they relied on slave labor to fill the gaps. meaning they relied on crops that were guaranteed to sell like cotton, specifically because it minimized the number of slaves they needed. so they thought, the banning of slavery, would threaten their only means to financially break even, in an overtaxed collection of states with no say in how tax money gets spent or who it gets spent developing. because many southerners were limited in access to food and resources, due to all the shipping trains and all the refineries and factories being up north. so if that story were true, we wouldn't have had a civil war if the South had been given say and votes for their black population. because the North wasn't giving black votes any weight either, and if the South got votes for such a population, they could have had a voice, some developments of their own, and a much lessened perceived need to separate or use slave labor.
When I watch this I also think of doing the same for another saying I keep hearing. "From the river to the sea, Palistine will be free" "Free from what?" (it's the jews, and the entire country of Isreal)
For those that say it was about "states rights", remember that the South supported and demanded the federal government to enforce the likes of the Fugitive slave act which by its very natured interfered and infringed the rights of the free states. So I guess to the confederate south, states rights only matter when they benefit them.
I love this video! I sure hope no confederate supporter spends months trying to convince people that the government founded specifically for slavery was actually good for some reason
wow i did not expect to go down the rabbit hole of @chris135x when i went looking for confederacy supporters in the comments. man literally has been continually commenting on this video for months.
So I spent about two years discussing this subject matter with confederate supporters. It took me down a road where I was able to read and research direct sources. So that means secession documents including the recently found Florida cause of secession document,  resolutions, newspaper articles, letters and transcripts mainly from the confederacy and confederates. And it is 100 percent clear that all states seceded over slavery including the last four to secede and that the issue of slavery caused the civil war as southerners said before the war started.
I remember history teacher in school going over "states rights" BS around when I was 12-13 and she got ANGRY defensive over the whole "states rights". Every single reason they say they wanted to get away from the north, COMES BACK to slavery.
The Confederacy was fighting for *state's rights to hold slaves*. Pretty ridiculous for people to hide behind "Oh, we wanted rights." Yes, you wanted the right to hold slaves. The North prevented the South from owning slaves, and thus, the Civil War. That's literally the entire thing. Just ignore people that try to make it overcomplicated.
it's digusting to even think that defenders of the confederacy still exist
The only real way to learn
real
0:59 best bit by far
Chris's comments seem to be being deleted, nature is healing
Although the confederate flag has a really dark past, the meaning behind it isn’t bad. It just symbolizes the south’s willingness to fight for their cause. Unfortunately, their cause in the 1800’s was not too good. 😬  But now, it doesn’t stand for fighting for the “right” to own slaves.
Can I say this my friends get bullied other people make joke's about me because im German they sang the song erika and they all say nig you guys get the rest and me and my friend's fell pain were not some piece of crap you can hurt please god help are world.
To the Chris guy who keeps replying to new comments, why?
This aged like wine
Yeah but here is the thing. The confederacy lasted longer than concord did
And the U.S.A became indipendent fox don't pay taxes to the british empire...🙏🏻🇺🇲 So don't blame confederation for that indipendence, also your's was futile...
The civil war was a pre-planned freemasonic operation! The southern government/military elite were in league with their northern brethren to abolish slavery and crush southern nationalism. They led the men and women of the South into war and into defeat.
Amazing how there’s STILL new comments of people complaining
D//th threats??? SERIOUSLY??? Well- Nvm- It's Twitter.
Lots of history is Grey, but I can't belive how much discussion there is about one the two instances (civil war and WWII) where there clearly is a right and a wrong side
Why couldnt they go to britian after they lost so they can cause  problems there
Yes.  Very few things in history are black and white.  The Civil War is one of those few things!
Fun fact: the Emancipation did not free a single slave. Not one! Because nobody actually reads it beyond the first few lines, they don't see that Lincoln explicitly left out all Union territory! Even down to defining the county lines where it would begin, and leaving out the Union territory in Louisiana. Someone should have told the Union what they were fighting for because a riot in New York began after the proclamation was given, lovingly called the "negro bill" by the Union soldiers who proceeded to go AWOL en mass. Booth was a hero, if you know what Lincolns Liberia plan was then you're glad he died. Don't forget the Confederacy planned to abolish slavery in the same way as the british empire, buying back the slaves so as not to crash your economy. The Brits did it without any wars or bullets fired but honest abe liked being a tyrant
I thank you for letting me discover that version of the Dixie song. I'm now listening to it on repeat xD
slavery is bad. enough said.
Bigots sometimes make me think that AM was unto something.
Can someone please tell chris this is his family and want him to come home we miss you. The kids miss you even your wife. Why did you say you will spend a few moments on youtube when you haven't been back for months 😢   Please comeback
POV: the least patriotic northern
How in the world is this controversial? Tf? Slavery is bad, end of story, we're done here. If your nation was built off slaves and that was the only way to continue on, then you deserve to have your country get torn apart.
Thank god the north did away with slavery as well! 😶
The high school I attended also taught the civil war similarly. They really focused on it being about “State’s Rights”. I would have loved to rub this video in my teacher’s face then.
(Spoken as Foghorn Leghorn so its more engaging to read )  Listen here, Chris. I know you’re fixin’ to read this, because I say, boy, you ain’t got nothin’ better to do than to roam these here comment sections, harassin’ folks with your half-baked arguments. So this here is the first and last time I’m gonna address you directly, son. I’ve scoured through all your comments, and now, I’m gonna refute your most common wrong takes. Pay attention, boy, ‘cause I’m only sayin’ this once.  1. "If you think the South was terrible..."  Boy, I say, boy, you got your facts all twisted like a snake in a knot. You’re sittin’ here comparin’ servitude in the North to slavery in the South, as if they’re the same thing. I say, son, servitude in the North wasn’t based on race, and it wasn’t a lifelong sentence passed down through generations. In the South, boy, it wasn’t just about work; it was about dehumanizin’ folks, treatin’ ‘em like livestock.  You mention "200 plantation owners," but let me tell you, son, that number don’t make a lick of difference when every one of ‘em held thousands of people in bondage across the South. You’re sittin’ there tryin’ to downplay the South’s sins by pointin’ fingers at the North, but that don’t absolve nothin’, boy. Well, I say, the North wasn’t perfect neither, son, had its own set of issues—but at least it was workin’ toward abolition instead of fightin’ to keep folks in chains. Slavery in the South was built on the backs of an entire race, and no amount of distractin’ talk is gonna change that.  2. "Irish people vs. African people..."  Now, boy, I say, son, you tryin’ to pit one group’s sufferin’ against another? That’s like comparin’ apples to oranges, son. The Irish were oppressed, no doubt, but they weren’t owned as property, boy. They weren’t auctioned off like cattle, separated from their families, and forced to build an entire economy on their backs.  Now, don’t get me wrong, son, the Irish went through some terrible hardships, but the African experience of slavery in the Americas was a whole different beast. Just because African leaders were involved in capturin’ their rivals don’t mean it justifies the institution of slavery here, boy. The difference is that the system in the Americas was designed to break the spirit of an entire race for centuries. So, don’t you sit there, son, tryin’ to tell me these are the same struggles.  3. "The definition of 'confederacy'..."  Boy, I say, boy, you gotta be pullin’ my leg here. You really think we’re talkin’ ‘bout the dictionary definition of a confederacy? Son, this ain’t a spelling bee. We ain’t talkin’ about a friendly alliance, we’re talkin’ about a group of states joinin’ together to defend slavery.  I say, son, you can try and wrap it up in pretty words all you want, but that don’t change the fact that the Confederacy was built on the idea that one group of people should be subjugated to another. Ain’t no amount of highfalutin’ language gonna change that, boy. It ain’t about "comin’ together" for a common interest—it was about defendin’ the right to own human beings. So don’t come here, son, tryin’ to make it sound noble.  4. "Why are you against free speech?"  Now, boy, I say, boy, you’re barkin’ up the wrong tree here. Ain’t nobody tryin’ to take away your free speech, son. You’re free to say whatever nonsense you want, but that don’t mean folks have to sit here and listen to it or give it respect. I say, son, free speech ain’t a shield for ignorance. You can shout your opinions from the rooftops, but if you’re wrong, folks are gonna call you out.  Free speech, son, don’t mean you’re free from consequences. It means you can speak, but folks are just as free to criticize and dismiss what you’re sayin’. So don’t sit there whinin’, boy, when folks ain’t takin’ you seriously, ‘cause that’s just the way the cookie crumbles.  5. "Democrats today claim abortion is a 'human right'..."  Boy, I say, son, you’re mixin’ apples and oranges again, and I’ve had about enough of it and I say you can’t make a decent pie with that kind of mix. Slavery was the ownership of a human being, someone who had their own life, family, and freedom stripped from them. Abortion is a decision about bodily autonomy—a complex moral issue, sure, but not the same as owning a person. And no, Democrats today ain’t pushin’ for slavery, and if you think advocatin’ for reproductive rights is the same, you’re missin’ the whole picture. And I say, you talk about the rights of the unborn, but what about the rights of the living—the women whose lives are affected?  6. "Why can’t states govern themselves?"  Boy, I say boy, the Civil War settled that argument. States can govern themselves, sure, but when a state’s governance infringes on basic human rights, then it’s a problem. The origin of the word "slave" don’t matter when the reality is people were shackled and treated like livestock. And the Northern states, well, they weren’t perfect, but they didn’t fight a war to keep slavery, son. The Southern states seceded precisely to protect that institution, and I say that’s the key difference. The North moved toward emancipation, while the South dug in their heels, fightin’ to preserve the worst kind of inequality.  So, Chris, I say, boy, don’t come back with your tired old arguments. If you truly want to have a conversation, son, you gotta start by understanding the history, not twistin’ it to fit your own tale. Now, go on and find somethin' better to do than stirrin' up trouble in the comment section. And to anyone else readin' this, I say don’t waste your breath on Chris’s nonsense. You’ll only get dragged into a circle of strawman arguments and twisted facts. The best way to deal with it? I say don’t engage—report, block, and move on with your day.
Heed this grave warning, for a fearsome troll named Chis135 lurks among us in this comment section. A vile creature, he doth emerge from the shadows, spewing forth horrid strawman arguments and foul ad hominem attacks, all in defense of dark and treacherous causes such as the Confederacy.  Beware! Shouldst thou be tempted to engage with him, know that thy words shall be twisted and misused by his cunning. Do not reply, for that is how he ensnares his victims. Instead, report this beast’s foul utterances to the moderators, and swiftly continue on thy path
With Racy Porn with "Slaves", White Women on Leashes with Black Men holding said Leashes, honestly I don't Care.. 🤓 💻 🕹️ 🎮 💚 💚 💚 🎯 🎲 📱 😎
Man this comment section is wild   Owning a fellow man is gay
Douglas.
The real state's rights to do slavery was the f- y'know what nope, not even making the gag for this
Attention everyone current and future. Everyone stop arguing with Chris, he is a troll who will ignore what you are actually saying or have said to argue with things he imagines you believe or have said. He does not and will not argue in good faith and as such everyone arguing with him is wasting their time. From now on I will be copy and pasting this comment under every one of his. Please continue to go about your business, thank you.
So why is slavery wrong other than your fefes?
Why is slavery wrong? People argue that that they were mistreated, but if they treated them good why would it be wrong?
I'm way older than the confederacy that's insane
If you actually want a confederacy that's long lasting, go see Kurdistan  It lasted a lot longer, and it doesn't have slave labor.
I knew sorting by newest first would have a fucking gold mine of cope from wannabe slavers.
Monthly comment laughing at the monsters who wished to create a nation dedicated solely to slavery. A pathetic so-called-nation so weak it couldn't last 5 years. Only a loser would claim these losers as heritage.
The lineup of Megadeth remained the same from February of 1990 to July of 1998. Dave Mustaine managed to not piss off the entire band longer than the Confederacy lasted.
Message from video: confederacy bad, and vite annoying orange for prez
The Confederates killed more Americans than the Nazis and Japanese combined in WW2. Yet, they're still celebrated in America even though they committed open rebellion against the nation. They also enslaved 4 million Americans, just let that sink in.
Someone please tell chris his family misses him and want him to come home his wife and kids are worried sick 😢
Chris, it’s not that serious. Pack it up and go somewhere 😂
The best way to deal with Chris is just to ignore him.
The wait for a Bloodborne sequel has been twice as long the Confederacy's lifespan
1. Wrong flag, that wasn’t the flag of the confederacy. It never was 2. Yes the confederacy only had existed for 4 years but the idea of a southern culture (Dixie land) has existed since the inclusion of Georgia and South Carolina to the 13 colonies  3. Yes slavery is a moral evil however the only people that cared to own slave were the rich owners  4. Majority of the south didn’t out slaves (this mainly includes Louisiana, Arkansas, Florida, Mississippi, and Alabama) and the parts that had slaves were in the rich populated city’s 5. The decision to scecede was not chosen by the people but by the rich people 6. This doesn’t mean that we still can’t be proud of our southern heritage we just have to accept what we have done in the past is wrong. This isn’t me justifying slavery, that’s not what i mean my “southern heritage”
Hellyeah, brother!
"State's rights to do what?!" Now, ask that of Pro-Choicers, and see how they react. "Women's rights to do what?!"
Even some slave states opted out of the confederacy because the union had more cash
You do realize the United States of America was supposed to be a loose confederation of states/colonies that join together in the event of a foreign invasion, economy issue etc. Yes they did believe in slavery but that was not the main reason for succession. It was because congress was slowly removing states rights to make the government stronger and give them more control. Not about slavery but about states losing rights. So if you see someone with a Confederate flag they probably don’t believe slavery just the idea of states rights.
A funny thing is that. You don't have to believe that the union were all anti slavery saints by any measure (hell no they weren't). Fuck you don't even have to believe in a UNITED states to be able to see the reality- the confederacy wanted to keep their fucking slaves, and that's what they were fighting for.
States rights to shid and fard.
Chris clearly needs to go outside and touch grass
Checkmate, Lincolnites!
i'm working in the plastic production lines (focus on plastic tools and equipment for cars) for 5 years, means i countributed more than the confederates.
Every week on twitter this video becomes more and more relevant
Besides slavery which is fucked. There were also policies being implemented that fucked the agrarian economy of the south. I don’t think seceding should have been outlawed and wish places like Hawaii had had that opportunity but it is what it is
You know it's bad when nearly every single imperial power at the time looked at the Civil War and thought "man, those Confederates are weirdos"
Look some of the states did leave just cause of slavery yes but Texas did not, I haven’t read other states’ letters of why they left but Texas yes included slavery but hardly even touched on that topic. We left because of border issues (surprise surprise) issues with Native Americans such as the Comanche, border disputes continuing with Mexico AFTER the Mexican American war, northerners terrorizing us politically and coming down here as early carpetbaggers. Along with slavery like I said which it touched on at the end of the letter. This is official documentation by the government you can go read yourself and see that it was states rights which SLAVERY WAS A STATE RIGHT WHO COULD HAVE GUESSED. Crazy how learning history works I know right, but along with states rights with National Guard or a “State Military” which was suppressed in the 1850s area. Also money regulation, taxes, infrastructure and other stuff so yea. Also got to include how the US government controlled our trade and ports, if you just read it will take you far. Slavery was not as big here as like Virginia or Georgia. Texas plantations were very few and most slaves were owned as a singular made or family hand not a punching bag to mistreat.
The funny thing is the confederates had really good generals they were just so outmanned and out gunned that made them so weak
Yeah? And Abraham Lincoln owned slaves of his own. Not everything is as simple as that.
The minions are a decade older than the confederacy
Mark Robinson is the gray man I’m sure. He’d probably call himself a confederate too in private and deny the truth.
The civil war wasnt about slavery it was about owning property
Try explaining this to racist trumpers 😂🤪
States rights to determine law without interference from the federal government. This was a big thing back then, and the civil war cemented the federal governments absolute power over the American people. They just use freeing slaves as a cover to look like the good guys. It's also over states' rights to not have their economy destroyed overnight. Many southerners were supportive of freeing the slaves but understood that freeing them all over night would've killed the south economy, the north wanted to do this because the northern states feared the economic rise of the south. this conflict is the most nuanced conflict in American history. It's not black and white like you try to depict in the video.
Salad fingers is fifteen years older than the Confederacy 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
“Remember the war of Northern aggression!”  “…no we don’t know why Fort Sumter blew up on its own.”
I will way the union did commit genocide to native peoples  And ol Lincoln really didn't care about abolishing slavery if he could have been a president without a civil war he would have put the people wanted abolishing slavery due to them understanding what oppression is and what true freedom ment
Where is the funny? This is just your political opinion disguised as a joke
Me: man the United States’ corruption is endemic were so fucked there’s so much inequality  Me when the Confederacy is mentioned: 1:14
britain and france abolished slavery decades earlier and no one tried to secede. confederates lazy af. cant even pick their own vegetable.
I'm trans and have been on hormones for 5 years now so I've been a girl longer than the confederacy even existed lol
I have not visited this comment section in a long time! 😭 how time passes by! Its only been 3-2 months since I last commented!
This video, although in annoying format, was something I’ve never read. It’s disappointing to see it in writing. It makes me wonder what the Rich elite were willing to do to stay in power regardless of who won. I guess we found out. I believe slavery would have eventually been abolished. One of the largest losses of that war was indeed the independence of states rights. Also the beginning of the giant corporation that is now the war machine that we know as the USA. So much delegated authority without being voted for. EPA being one of the worst. You got a seasonal creek on your property? Well we realigned the map and now it’s designated as a navigable waterway it’s ours now
The Confederacy was just the USA but with slavery, Plus everyone who supported the Confederacy today would use the war flag instead of the actual flag.
"slavery Defenders" lol nice buzzwords
Why didn’t they free the slaves immediately when the south revolted. They only freed them when they were about to lose and it started over tariffs plus the supreme courts a few months before ruled in favor of a law that further reduced black people to property.
i have the answer to this whole comment section. read the confederates reason for succession.
The irony here is that people who think this was about tariffs are about to vote for a guy running on a platform which includes imposing crippling tariffs.
States rights to oppress people’s rights
Modern Yanks hate Dixie more than their forefathers who dueled them. So much projection onto long dead men and history...
The Annoying Orange will rise again! 🫡🍊
Southern rock used the Dixie (confederate) flag for awhile(ex: Lynyrd Skynyrd, Allman brothers band) kinda changed the idea of the flag, not the country, to be more of a rebellious thing in that community. Then the kkk started using it and everyone else stopped
Fun fact: emus (the australian birds not the phase) have won more wars than the confederecy
STATE RIGHTS TO DO WHAT?
One question though. Is it true that the other side of the civil war only wanted to abolish slavery because the slaves were "taking their jobs"? Because that would just make both sides shit.
_to do what they want, obviously_  lmao
Godzilla has lived 17.5 TIMES LONGER than the confederacy
duh
Justin Bieber has been a celebrity longer than the Confederacy existed.
Confederates went from owning people to getting owned on the battlefield…
ADDITIONALLY they were just plain TRAITORS TO THE UNION, the United States. They didn’t want to be a part of the country. So, FK THEM.
Bars
Get him Douglas! 1:12
are you black
The Confederate Constitution did not allow its states to pass any law impeding property rights in slaves.  They were not fighting for states' rights. They were in fact fighting against the rights of Northern states to manumit slaves and refuse to participate in slave-catching efforts.  The Confederacy was anti-states' rights when it came to slavery.
State rights to succeed from the Union
If ur going to say fuck the Confederate at least use the actual Confederate flag he used the dixie flag
I’m shocked there are people that supported the Confederacy
States rights to secede!
I dunno, the Confederacy outlived Concord, maybe Sony needs to take a closer look at itself too.
“free the slaves? I thought you said FREE slaves.”
The states' rights argument wasn't even true. The south didn't care about the north states' rights they only cared about theirs. Blatant hypocrisy.
Nah, slavery isn't evil. Let's debate.  Edit: Apparently people can't understand what a steelman is. We're just doing this for fun, and people would rather be angry over nothing than engage in conversation; which is pretty interesting.
To quote the show Sports Night: "In the history of the South, there's much to celebrate. And that flag is a desecration of all of it."
The Confederate States had some good points. Slavery wasn’t a good one, but they definitely had good ideas.
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy: The Top 40 career of Ray Stevens
TLDR: the only reason the confederacy happened is because slavers didnt wanna lose said slaves Which like. Cringe bro only 4 years for something so stupid?
What a brave statement
Wow, what? Interrupting thing had me lost. What was he going to say while this was happening?
chris is such a moron lol
Lol the annoying orange hot lived it thank you thank you
It's interesting because when I was a kid I thought the civil war was black and white, good vs. evil. Then I "learned" the issue was more complex than that and that the south had legitimate reasons for seceding etc etc. Then I ACTUALLY STUDIED THE CIVIL WAR and, yep, it turns out it was about good vs. evil all along and the south just wanted to own human beings as property.
mind your uncle Sam away🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
10$ says Chris deletes his most recent comment and then acts like everyone else is in the wrong for asking why.  Edit: The coward did it
GRRM has taken over twice as long as the Confederacy lasted to write winds. We’re still waiting.
Fun Fact: Ninjago lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Here's a reminder that the States' Rights party is now the Republican party. I wonder why present day Republicans embrace a Democratic Party plank from the 1860s, hmm?
I’ve watched this video like a million times, but I swear it gets better every time I watch it.
I am morally obligated to watch this every time it comes up in my recommend
man this comment section and doobus goobus have no historical literacy. its funny the corwin amendment was willing to be passed by lincoln prior to the secession of the southern states which would have legalize the institution of slavery for generations had the south not seceded anyway. i feel bad for low iq people who use straw man arguments when debating historical topics it only breeds more ignorance for the next generation.
Nice to know that pathetic wastes of life called racists still exist
From what I understand, one of the popular responses to this argument is that it was about state’s right secede. But the obvious response to that is of course, secede over what.
Reminds me of the idiot in school I got in a fight with at school saying the confederate flag was racist. He wasnt very smart thinking it was.. just the "south" flag
People basically repeating the stuff said in the video is wild
One that was Black and white was the owner and the worker
watching this every time the algorithm randomly suggests it
the fact this still needs to be said after 150 years is insane
The wait for Hollow Knight Silksong has lasted longer than the confederacy.
slavery is evil. no matter where it happens.
i know what to say if i ever meet a confederate simp
Yeah...a lot of history is grey but not the civil war
I only regret that I have but one like to give to this video.
As a southerner, I disagree the title. /j
Annoying Orange forever
WELL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
WELL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
WELL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
Who hurt youuuuu?
The annoying orange outlived the f@$& confederacy.
Right wing snowflakes never disappoint
0:41 🎵 Time to watch Clone High
“You’re ignoring our other concerns.”   And what might those be? Go on.
Yeah it is definitely a states rights to do what. However only the aristocracy(mega plantation owners) had political power. And to play devils advocate the south would be economically ruined. For example, Virginia got 40% of its income from tobacco(slavery) and 75% of southerns never had slaves. For the normal man it was states rights. But for the wealthy aristocracy it was slaves 100%.’ To sum this up Britain set the south up for failure
Proud moments of the Democrat party!
You woke freaks won't be laughing in November 😂
The time between Skyrim releases is longer than the Confederacy
Me, a European, diving into the comment section: Time to get some popcorn
These subtitles are beautiful
And the _"economic freedom"_ to have what? >:D
It was 3 confederacys between tool abums.
Remember: You've lived longer than the Confederacy existed for.
I’d like to see some other obvious titles in the future. I’m thinking some along the lines of “murder is a big no no”, or maybe “racism is evil” or perhaps “we shouldn’t kill babies” 😂
saying that the confederacy wasn't about slavery is really interesting. someone should go back and tell those guys about that.
Respect sir 🫡🫡🫡
My cat is literally older than the confederacy lol
16th and 17th amendment.
Hi northern
I absolutely love reading comments about USA history. Like, wtf? People really would rather defend slavery than take taxes that benefit them anyway? I mean, i'm not even from the usa but even i know that it was personal gains that motivated them, not "high" taxes. They wanted to grow their dirty money made from slavery + plantations without having to pay taxes! Is not even that hard to realize, kids!
Leftist humour be like : WALL TEXT WALL TEXT WALL TEXT WALL TEXT WALL TEXT WALL TEXT
Gonna send this to conservatives lol
I have lasted longer than it (seriously i have been on YouTube for almost 17 years)
0:58  If your nation lasted only 4 years, after getting your a**es handed to you, AND the annoying orange has out lasted you, maybe it’s time to put the flag away. Just sayin
The arguemnt about states rights comes from the idea that the confederacy was fearful of the north forcing them to change their way of life. The southern states had become economicly dependent on slaves they couldn't industrialize to the point the north had. For about 75 years the culture of the southern states had wrapped entirely the economy they relied on. So when you see those certian southern folk parioting that line thats what it comes with because at the time they were fearful or having their economy torn apart. They often forget that slavery was their heritage
"The South shall rise again!" Ya'll have had nearly 200 years to try to 'rise up' but you can't seem to do it before noon and without being faded. At least Nazis had some standards, not just every Billy-Bob with a gun and the whiny self-entitled enthusiasm of a child in the back seat.
It's very simple: If states' rights was more important to the Confederacy than slavery, then logically, Confederate states would have the right to ban slavery if they wanted, right? But Article I Section 9(2) of the Confederate Constitution explicitly forbade states from passing any laws banning or impairing slavery. So when the Confederacy measured slavery against states' rights to not allow slavery, they chose preserving slavery at the expense of states' rights.  Case closed.
The thing I'm learning from this is that Annoying Orange has already outlived the Confederacy, the Third Reich, and most of our childhood pets. Indeed, one day, Annoying Orange will outlive us all. Every single human being, the very essence of our species existence, will be extinguished forever, and all that will remain will be...  🍊
Nintendo’s support for the WiiU lasted longer than the Confederacy! That’s something I think about a lot
The modern Confederate flag was actually created about 60 years after the Civil War. If people wanna fly that thing, that's their prerogative, but they should at least consider flying the flag that the Confederate army actually flew, instead of the one that was created decades later
Fuck the annoying orange. SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS has been around longer than the Confederacy.
*L slave owners.*
The only good thing about the Confederacy was that they actually had a pretty cool sounding name. But then they ruined that one good thing by permanently staining it with the horrible things they did and wanted before and during the Civil War.
You mean the Big evil supreme enslavers state of big bad guys are Bad ?
List of things off the top of my head that lasted longer than the Confederacy: -The wait between Half-Life 1 and 2. -Team Fortress 2. -Fred (you know. “Hey it’s Fred!”). -Both World Wars. -The wait between DmC Devil May Cry and Devil May Cry 5. -The MCU. -The DCEU. -The Sonic movie franchise.
I like how he made him gay
Slavery. They wanted to use the rights for slavery.
Your and idiot the confederates fought for liberty because the union was taxing them and slowly invading them
I have containers of seasoning in my seasoning cabinet that have lasted longer than the Confederacy.
asking questions is incredibly damaging to these guys
Chris man have you like ever considered going to your local ymca and like joining a book club or becoming a basketball coach? I know you'll see this and i feel like thats a better use of your time than arguing with people about the Confederate army for two months straight
PLAYSTATION HAS EXISTED WAY LONGER THEN IT
FNAF HAS BEEN AROUND LONGER THEN IT
what was the states right to do what tho?
For real I love pulling that switcheroo. "Well yes, the confederacy didn't like the federal government wanted to tell them what is and isn't their property... BUT THE CONFEDERACY CONSIDERED PEOPLE PROPERTY MAYBE DON'T TRY TO DEFEND IT!" Likewise, the "confederate" flag isn't the real confederate flag, its the dixie flag what was used in battles and specifically by racists. At least since then among southern culture it was more-so adopted as a middle finger to the federal government. But that's still trying to incite a negative reaction out of people. So its like "Oh no, you don't think the flag is racist, but you're still announcing to the world that you hate the feds." So you get people who aren't "in the know" assume you're racist, or you get those who ARE "in the know" and we know you're just being a reductivist idiot. And you can usually guarantee that those who fly that flag either never voted for a thing in their life but claim to stand for political policy, or they will only vote red even if it goes against their best interests (like I live in Tennessee and the reason we have a nearly 10% sales tax is because people don't like change and opposed a higher income tax even though that meant we keep more money per-year)  I don't like many politicians and I don't particularly like any government telling us what to do, but governments are a necessary mediator between other parts of the world, and even state-to-state relations.
fun fact slavery is not very epic
I drew r34 of chris and abraham lincoln
no shit
Oh hey chris135x! I don't even have to tag you in a comment because you're gonna see it anyway. Since you clearly have an unhealthy obsession with this video's comment section, I curiously scrolled down and notice you've been commenting for **2 straight months** on this single video (maybe more, but I got bored partway through). At this rate, you'll be commenting on it so long, you'll outlast the confederacy! I don't even want to argue politics, I just wanted to point out how sad that is  keep going buddy!
Confederates: "We just want slavery really bad" Hitler: "I just hate Jews and want to kill them all" Neo-fascists: "The Civil War was about state's rights and the Holocaust is a lie" They say you should never meet your heroes but you should definitely read what they wrote at least once.
After reading the Confederacy lore, I am so confused why everyone wants slaves in the modern era already.
Sr Pelo walked so Doobus Goobus could walk so Sr Pelo could walk so Goobus Doobus could walk so Sr Pelo could walk so Doobus Goobus could walk so—
We had a black president for longer than we had the confederacy.
The fact that the annoying orange is still around is........concerning.
He still didn’t answer: States’ rights to do what?
The confederate uniforms were way better than the union ones (i dont support confederate)
STATES RIGHTS TO DO WHAT
Why the hell is everyone arguing about this its clear cut the confederacy is evil and shouldnt be supported with confederate flags flying
I really hope that was a clone high reference
Any argument made by Confederates can often be easily proven wrong. They're not a different culture and they have no different heritage besides the fact they wanted to inherit slaves. These people aren't American, and should be ashamed of themselves.
Well, if confederate's still exist, it's not really dead. Just not formally recognized anymore.
Union forever, bitches!
The fucking annoying orange!! 😂
Now who will abolish the annoying orange
The most cringey thing is when southern white trash gets on twitter or tiktok and stands in front of a confederate glad and says "This is MY pride flag"  Yeah I guess that can be your pride flag if you're proud of slavers, traitors, and losers
There were a lot of things not included in this history books, like the fact that the south was trying to phase out slavery for the cheaper factories and easier means of production but the north didnt want to sell them machinery or a means to build factories. Have you tried building a metal lathe or mill from scratch? There were greedy money grubbing businessmen starting the carnegie steel monopoly and the lucrative rail business. The north politicians piggy backed off of virtue signalling (slavery is wrong yes, but more points to be made further) to make money from the steel mongers and to gain land and more taxes from people. Later on politicians werent paid off enough from the steel industry and got mad and ended up passing lots of labor laws and busting monopolies. Politicians have always been crooked but history is written by the winner albeit good or bad.
I mean the South did rely HEAVILY on slavery, it's understandable why they didn't want to abolish it, and why they were willing to secede for it
lmaooooo
Reminder the Pokemon franchise has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Excuse me, but confederacy has existed for 6 years and still exists!  They are a political party in poland, but it gets balanced out by the fact that poland is a political party in brazil
"I have no purpose to introduce political and social equality between the white and black races. There is a physical difference between the two, which, in my judgment, will probably forever forbid their living together upon the footing of perfect equality; and inasmuch as it becomes a necessity that there must be a difference, I, as well as judge Douglas, am in favor of the race to which I belong having the superior position."  "I have never said anything to the contrary."  Abraham Lincoln senatorial debate Ottawa Illinois 1858
American by birth and Southern by the grace of God , God bless Dixie !
Imagine getting a virtue signal and moral grandstand bomb for 160+ years  by the people on the side of the forces that all but eradicated native Americans😂
We need to normalize calling people who use “states rights” and “war of northern aggression” traitors
I am no american but didn't the states have the right to secede from the union? something... something... Edit: some spelling mistakes were corrected
The South wont rise again 🖕🏼 yall big Union all day
I would recommend "historythatdoesntsuck" podcast for anyone wanting to learn more slavery was always deeply rooted since the USA was founded
As someone from Pennsylvania, I grew up hearing that the Civil War was about Slavery and that the North were the "good guys" and the South were the "bad guys". As I grew up, I actually began reading history. One of the first things that comes up is realizing that the North's conduct during the war alone throws the idea of "good guys" and "bad guys" into the trash. I won't detail all of it here, but  to cover just a few things, the North engaged at various times, in campaigns that included the deliberate and systematic rape of entire cities full of women and the execution of civilian children. After this realization, I still continued my reading. In short - there's no logically sound argument that the war was over slavery.  Firstly, it's rather clear that the North never initiated the war to end slavery. The war went on for nearly 2 years before the emancipation proclamation was released. If the war was about Slavery, this seems an awfully late time in the war to finally make any serious statement about the central issue at hand. Clearly, the North was not motivated by the desire to end slavery.   On the other side, you have the issue of concretely showing that the Confederacy was actually concerned about an end to slavery. This is one of the central problems in the argument. Maryland, Missouri, and Kentucky throw a wrench into the idea that the Confederacy was formed to defend Slavery. Maryland, a state with relatively few slaves, was strongly in favor of the Confederacy. If not for early occupation by the Union, Maryland absolutely would have joined the Confederacy. On the other hand, you have Kentucky and Missouri. Both of these states had huge numbers of slaves and both of these states overwhelmingly voted against secession. On a much smaller level, the county level votes in many states further cause confusion. In Tennessee for example, the counties of Eastern Tennessee that had the most slaves, were also the most Pro-Union. The more mountainous counties, those on the border of South & North Carolina, were strongly Pro-Confederate, but had very low slave populations, both in absolute numbers and per-capita. If the war was about slavery, why were some of the areas with the greatest density of slaves so Pro-Union and vice versa?  The second issue is the timeline. If the issue was slavery, why did the war happen when it did? It should be noted, that according to John C. Calhoun, the man that lead the pro-secessionist movement in South Carolina, the chief concern was Lincoln's proposed additional tariffs on Southern States. Mr. Calhoun, had previously led such calls when tariffs were proposed, such as the 1832 Ordinance of Nullification. The tariffs proposed by Lincoln inspired South Carolina to secede, as they had already threatened to do in the past. Even after South Carolina's Ordinance of Secession, the war didn't break out. Even after the South Carolina militia shelled Fort Sumter, the war didn't break out. In fact, immediately after news of this broke many Southern politicians, who would shortly be pivotal in the creation of the Confederacy, condemned South Carolina for doing this. So what caused the other Southern states to secede? In late December of 1860, Lincoln announced his intention to form an Army of 30,000 men in Washington DC and march or sail it to South Carolina to round up the South Carolina legislature and place the entire state under Federal control. To many on both sides of the Mason-Dixon line, the movement of a federal Army through multiple states without permission (a right they believed protected by the 3rd amendment) and to use that army against the freely elected legislature of a state was unthinkable. It was this announcement that inspired many of the early Confederate states to hold conventions to discuss potential courses of action. Even after the creation of the Confederacy in February of 1861, the war really wouldn't begin for another 5 months in July of 1861, 8 months after the initial shelling of Fort Sumter. The problem with the timeline is that slavery doesn't fit into it anywhere. The most proximal cause of the Civil War, demonstrably, is the Lincoln's threat to invade South Carolina. Without that, the Confederacy would never have formed. Zooming out, the most chronic cause of the Civil war was a disagreement regarding the powers of the Federal versus the State. We can see that pretty clearly in Calhoun's 1832 Ordinance of Nullification and the Bank War (which was mostly divided along North/South lines). If we zoom even further out we can see the infantile divisions that would form into the Civil War at the earliest days of our country. The Federalist/Anti-Federalist divide can also be seen along geographic lines. To have the view that the war was caused by slavery, you have to completely ignore the most proximal causes of the war as well as the decades long cracks that had been growing ever wider. Saying that the Civil War was about Slavery is comparable to saying that the American Revolution was caused by taxes on Tea. Yes, it was an issue, but it wasn't the proximal issue that actually caused regular people to take to the streets with guns and it wasn't the long-term issue that created the powder keg of animosity ultimately resulting in either conflict.  The American Civil War is complicated. Slavery certainly played a part, but a much, much smaller one than many people would like. If the war were about slavery, it makes for a nice clean story of "good guys" and "bad guys" where the good guys just so happen to win. These sort of stories are really easy to tell children and are easy for adults to swallow. The unfortunate reality is that there weren't good guys and bad guys. The motivations of both sides are gray. Both sides have admirable qualities. The North at it's best was fighting to preserve the Union that so many had worked and died to build. At it's worst, the Union Army was packed full of rapists, sadistic murderers, war criminals, and more. This exact same Army would later go on to carry out genocidal campaigns against the Plains Indians just a few short years after the Civil War. The South, at it's best, was trying to preserve the original intention of the founding of this nation. They were working to protect the rights of States against federal over reach. At its worst, it was also a nation that kept millions of men and women in bondage. It's worth saying that all of these things can be true simultaneously.  Ultimately it's a really complex picture, but it's a more truthful one and one supported by reality.   In some ways, the Civil War parallels the Eastern Front in WWII. The Nazis were bad, but the Soviets were honestly worse. Does that mean that I'm Pro-Nazi? No, but  I think it's wrong to shut my eyes and completely ignore what the Soviet Union was doing  before, during, and after the war just because they opposed the Nazis. In the real world, both sides can be bad and both sides can be good.
1:15 to 1:23 is pure cinema
Its not about black vs white is rich elites vs rest of the world thats why they need us to fight each other
Now we are the slaves lol
The confederacy was the least American thing in American history, because they lost, and America doesn’t.
There's more slavery today than in chattel South.
I'm fine with the confederate flag,  but they have to use the historically accurate one 🏳️
“Our heritage!” Of being a bunch of barbaric traitorous losers.
It’s giving “died for our sins” tbh.
I'm from the south and most people use the flag cause it's a symbol of rebellion. there are ppl that are just racist and associate with it cause of its past and history with the 3 k's
Slavery is Gay, imagine you own mans 💀.
"The American Civil War began on April 12, 1861, when Confederate forces opened fire on the Union-held Fort Sumter." wAr Of nOrThErN aGgReSsIoN
*the south is not bad, Slavery is bad.*  It will never admit slavery is bad if it means that confederates are bad , and so will be thus sourhern identity bad.  The big issue many people wont go through is Slavery isnt some shameful kind inherently "evil psychopathic" disorder that defines your entire nature  Its just plainly backward and we gotta stop . And improve ourselves from what our  ancestors couldnt understand.  That first is why many people wont admit themselves out of the prison of fear and shame.   Folliwing strictlty Guilt with lesser shame is a very strong concept in the german immigrants in the north i bet .   While the south was made of more Irish immigrants,  with a lot more of focus on honor and chivalry . Which means shame comes up next  is when it fails.  People just call out what is wrong without needing to personally degrade you.  Shame and honor reinforces cancel culture.
I come back to this video sometimes just to know that there are people out there dumber than I am. This is still funny 😂
The Confederate or southern states didn't want to be part of the Union..way over half of the Confederate soldiers were young boys from farms, poor farm families that didn't own slaves,hell couldn't hardly afford food..way too young to join and lot of them didn't have battle training.. that's why so many died in the civil war, plus due to hardship on food, clothing, and supplies  ,not good medical services either given to them..the Union had way better getting that.. And Lincoln, Grant, Anderson and Sherman my opinion aren't heros..
All the civil war did was facilitate the rise of a tyrannical government. This much can be stated. The seeds were planted in that time and have since grew into a thorn bush that is strangling the tree of Liberty.
Oh way down south in the land of traitors
playing John Brown would've been better
Its quite telling as well, that theyre calling it "states rights" when it comes to women getting abortions. Almost like they use that as a way to say "slavery" without actually saying it. 😒
Full story: Checkmate Lincolnites Tl;dr: The Confederacy was Bad
Came here to laugh at the losers who worship a dead cabal of slavers who couldn't last 5 years.
The time frame between BOTW and TOTK was longer than the Confederacy.
As a history buff, I find this to be fabulous!
Fun fact: Annoying Orange has also outlived the Republic of Weimar
the skylanders franchise lasted more than the confederacy
Potato
States rights to do what? Take down that confederate flag you yokel
fun fact: the confederacy (and KKK) was manly the democratic party. Abraham Lincoln started the republican party. love you goobus!
Chrisy-boo 💖🥺🥺 i havent seen you in 2 days... you okay pookie? 🥰 I love you chris my femboy king 👑
Exactly!
damn this video was epic
"What did they not want you to do?" Trade their agricultural wares with European countries. Where was the first shot fired for the civil war? Oh right, a Naval Fort that was part of a blockade of Southern States. Hmmmmmm
at the end of the day, slavery is bad. Empathy is what you need if you want to be a proper person.
Still an important part of history
Listen to the Cornerstone Speech delivered by the then Vice President of the Confederacy and it will tell you all you need to know about these “rebels”.
It’s… beautiful 🥲😂😂😂
I AM SILLY , the video  cringe
To be fair, the American Government isn't any better.
lol & here they are again with the “states rights” on whether girls as young as 8-9 are coerced into motherhood (while their abusers likely go free) or pregnant women have to be banging on death’s door to get medical care if something goes wrong.
Wow this is super annoying to hear and that flag was never flown by the confederate army . Abraham Lincoln didn't care about the slaves , that was already becoming illegal.  Lincoln wanted all the states under one banner and he started a war to get what he wanted. He said if he could win the war without freeing slaves he wouldn't free them. Read a book
And the annoying orange, to my knowledge, was not racist OR pathetic.
SHERMAN POSTING LEETS FUCKING GO
The ironic thing about this is that states DO have the right to enslave people. YOU can't, but the state can. So..... about slavery being bad.... What does this tell us about the state?
I wish i lived in the land of dixie
States rights secede :)
This awesome.
To be fair to the slavers, in the bible, God never condemn slavery.  And in the Torah or Talmud, they encourage slavery against all non jews.   Is slavery bad? Of course. But they didn't believe that. And the Jews right now definitely don't believe it bad either since they still practice the faith.
Todays subject, smacks lips, SLAVERY.
Why in the name of the red, white, and blue is this a controversial take?
"9/11 was bad" Typa video lol
did you get bullied on twitter and just want to make a statement or something because everyone knows this i think
Like a priest in a Orphanage They’re getting Touchy
Sad thing is, the Union was bad too and still is.
The greatest art of deception in American politics is done by the Democratic party.
People dunking on the confederacy in 2024 - wow so bold and brave - 10 bucks says if you born in the south and were alive in the 1850s you would have thought exactly like them - you aren’t special or unique - Union soldiers had more respect for confederate vets than you do and they fought them in hand to hand combat - you are cringe
The South sure cared a lot about States Rights when a Free State said they couldn't bring their slaves up there. They did anyways because the Fed overruled Free States rules. They sure cared about States Rights when somebody suggested a territory should be able to choose to join as a Free State of their own volition without, say, outside interference. They sure cared about States Rights when slavecatchers were kidnapping Free Black people off the streets of Boston, Mass (a Free State). They expected the Free States to put up with all this and just take it. For Democracy.  When it looked like the Fed *might* interfere with *them,* they jumped ship amid cries of "Tyranny" and "Oppression."
The slaves were freed by a Republican.  The KKK was founded by a Democrat.  History is full of interesting facts that have been hidden from this generation.
I’m gonna have fun with this on Discord 🙃 I’ll obviously give credit
The only thing the Confederacy has going for it is that the flag is a cool design. If someone else had come up with it before the racists, it would have been a banger. Horrible ideology, kickass flag design.  This is in contrast to Apartheid South Africa, which was a horrible ideology with an equally atrocious flag design.
just a reminder, the south attacked the north unprovoked
I don’t even think Lincoln was going to abolish slavery outright he said he didn’t have the power to do so I think? What’s the document again where he addressed them seceding
Frederick Douglass blames Pope Alexander IV for white supremacy over his decree of discovery. Slavery is bad, but the slaves released are coming after us now.
If anything it just proves during those times white people were lazy. They loved colored people doing the jobs for them and to this day they're against because their "stealing jobs" where in reality white men don't wanna work 😂
Fucking hell, thank you. I have very conservative parents (in particular, a dad from Arizona) who've defended the Confederacy, claiming they were victims of the north just like this, though they insisted that slavery had *nothing* to do with the Confederacy at all, and just the north putting embargos on them, essentially denying them international trade.  I would love it if someone more educated could rip that claim apart.
Irs funny, whenever i heard someone say it stood for more than just the right to own people, I used to think, that's fair, they might've got dragged along for a bad ride... then i saw they lasted for FOUR FCKIN YEARS
My favorite part about this is that he interrupts the gray man right before he’s about to say what the states’ rights to do was.
In 2024 I would rather have the confederacy because they at least guaranteed stable employment.
What's scary is that, as a Southerner, I was taught IN PUBLIC SCHOOL that it was about "states' rights" with no further clarification. Like........what
2 things. Slavery was the biggest issue but there unironically were other issues like tarrifs which given the raw resource economy of the south would have killed their trade.  2nd Slavery didnt defacto end when most people think it did (1941) nor was the nor some kind of multicultural beacon. They were both shit the north was just less shit.  Also fun fact there were native american tribes who fought for the confederacy because they had some slave owners lmao
The argument of "you can't judge people in the past by today's standards" coming from people who are in every other context moral realists is also particularly telling.
The Confederacy, where the people who got their whips taken away from them are the folks who feel the most oppressed.
🤣🤣🤣
Some people still support those losers.
I feel alot of this was black and white
Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Teen Titans Go!, and Caillou lasted longer than the Confederacy.
The wait between gta5-gta6 will be longer than the confederacy lasted
Things that have lasted or been around longer than the Confederacy has.  My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic (9 years) Dreamcast lifespan (6 years) The longest Skyrim playthrough (9 years) Rocket League (9 years) Youtube Shorts (5 years) Nintendo Switch (7 years) COVID-19 (5 years) My own Niece (7 years) The Fidget spinner (7 years) Bottle Flipping (8 years) Dabbing (8 years) The floss dance (7 years) Fortnite (8 years) Starfox's dormancy (7 years) Wii U's lifespan (7 years) Gamecube's lifespan (6 years) Tails' age in the Sonic games (9 years) Rivals of Aether (7 years) My own Cat (10 years) Sega Saturn lifespan (5 years) Sega AM2 arcade board lifespan (6 years) Sega AM3 arcade board lifespan (6 years) Dodge's return to NASCAR (12 years) Ferrari's last F1 Championship (17 years) My little brother (14 years) Super Smash Bros. Ultimate updates (5 years) Legalized Gay Marriage (9 years) Average FNAF fans age (8 years)
It’s true especially since America was a Confederacy once before   After the Revolution,  people were more loyal to their states like each are nations in themselves, over the country as a whole   They feared a federal government dominating them  Under the Articles of Confederation the government was state dominated, which states rule themselves they basically meet up in committee   Confederacies do work when they’re small term, like villages   But they can’t work in large scale    States couldn’t get along, and the government nearly failed   Shay’s Rebellion was proof of that, which led the government reforming under the US Constitution, making it a federal government that watches over states, in check and balance   The South would claim they’re being dominated by a Federal government and were starting a Second American Revolution of Independence   After all didnt the colonies Rebel against Britain for Taxation without Representation in government?   To the South it was no different as the Federal Government under Lincoln threatened to oppress State Rights, as well as crush Southern Identity   Robert E Lee is a controversial figure as he was once an American hero during the Mexican Civil War, and seemed conflicted when Lincoln asked him to lead the Union Army  And when Lee joined the Confederacy it’s apparent he couldn’t raise a hand against his home state of Virginia and that he joined to protect  his state   It’s also apparent that not every Confederate Soldier isn’t a Landowner.  That many are poor farm boys with at least one to no slaves.  And they’re fighting for their home states  and cultural identity too.  Maybe many believe in that, for soldiers to fight and die under those beliefs   As the South truly did fought fiercely against a bigger and more technologically advanced foe   But, what’s also true was that Lee was a slave owner and an harsh one at that   Whether it was true he joined the Confederacy to protect Virginia, he also joined to protect his estate and standing, as the Union winning could mean losing his property   Indeed after the war, some of Lee’s estate became Arlington Cemetery  And even though not all Confederate Soldiers owned slaves, or are aware of the politics that led to secession, they’re still whites that live in a society where they can do whatever they wish to Blacks, save for paying for damaged property   And view them as subhuman beings that are made to serve Whites   The South’s cultural identity was still built on slavery, and regardless of the individual soldier’s reason for fighting and dying, they’re still fighting for the preservation of Slavery   In truth the Federal Government as divided over Slavery   Lincoln himself was willing to compromise to keep slavery if it means saving the Union   Lincoln himself was once more prejudiced he was raised with his times.  Although he regardless always hated slavery.  He still believed Whites and Blacks can’t get along, and that if the war was won.  Blacks should be moved to their own country.  But the Civil War, ironically changed Lincoln, dispelled any prejudices he had, and believes Blacks should be free as citizens of the US, which led to the Emancipation Proclamation   The irony was the South created the President they feared   Although before the war, the government was divided, it was feared that slavery would be phased out in time   It was Lincoln’s hope, when he wanted to compromise at the start of the war   The South saw Lincoln’s election as the beginning of the end, and seceded to create a state where abolitionists wouldn’t stand in the way  of slavery in government   After the War, it wasn’t the end, Confederate Sympathizers infiltrated government and made it so the Southern states manage their own affairs, creating Segregation as well as the Lost Cause that raise future generations with   Segregation might as well be slavery with extra steps as it made Blacks Second Class citizens   The South suppress the truth of the war by writing history books, making the South seemed more sympathetic, and made Slavery as either a footnote or a secondary Reason of the war  But in truth, even slavery was just a reason for something else, White Supremacy   It was all to preserve a state where Whites are dominant and lord over Blacks in some shape or other   And in truth, it’s something that’s still in effect today, as those manipulated by the Lost Cause, are led to continue the conflict today
a states right to decide
Doritos Locos Tacos and Annoying Orange both outlived the confederacy
Boss Baby franchise lasted longer
A year later and this is still hilarious I too call confederates traitors. even Thomas Jefferson who yes is a complex character still believed in the emancipation of slaves
Politely inform them that if you have to omit something as fundamental as that, the thing they're celebrating isn't the same, so pick a better symbol. Maybe we can all be happy that way, but idk. I think the dixie flag might have a bizarrely different meaning to those guys but idk what it is
Lmao read the cornerstone speech. Read all the states’ articles of secession. Read the confederate constitution. Take a shot every time slavery is mentioned (don’t actually do this you’ll get alcohol poisoning very quickly lol)
I may not know much, but this comment section has taught me so many things that out lived the Confederacy. I’d be hard pressed to think of something that didn’t at this point.
This is the way. When you ask these assclowns to clarify their positions it almost always becomes clear their positions endorse hate and oppression in one or several of its many forms.
Samuel Adams predicted a war would occur over slavery a hundred years after the signing of the Declaration. He was off by a decade. IT WAS OVER SLAVERY
The Union Government has always controlled slavery
The Confederacy was started by Scotch Irish slaves in the 1600's
Team Union Forever 🦅 🇺🇸 RAGH I HATE TRAITORS
No it was great you weren’t there
To be fair slavery wasn't the only reason. There is more to the Civil War than just one side fighting to protect slavery and the other not wanting to give it up. There were social and political differences between North and South which formed the attitude each side had for each other. There were also economic issues besides slavery such as the federal government imposing protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods produced in the South such as cotton to stymie their sale to foreign merchants so that domestic manufacturing can then take them for their own productions and profit. That's not to say there is no rational argument that the war was over slavery. You could try making the argument that secession was over slavery but the war was over Northern dominance over the south.
That was only a year ago?
Get ‘im Douglas 😂
Conservatives and Confederates are the same thing after hearing project 2025
If he didn't talk so fast, this video would be 18 minutes long
Oh yeah I have heritage that fought for the Union. I mean I could wave a 33 star flag around to honor my heritage. But then again my side already won so it wouldn't do anything
He still didn't answer the question: STATES RIGHTS TO DO WHAT?!
The Confederacy didnt want industrialists getting loans from foriegn banks and setting up factories next to farms, polluting their land.
I've always thought that if America went to Civil war again the deeper issue at the heart of the conflict would be abortion.
I know there was more reasons BUT slavery WAS the main reason, it always was the biggest and most divisive political issue in the nation until  it was abolished. Slavery was the main reason dont get it twisted.
Very good work here. And entertaining too.
My favorite pro-confederacy argument was something along the lines of, "but Africans were selling other Africans so that somehow makes it less bad????" (This was years ago; I don't remember the wording) Like what??? Slavery still bad. Doesn't matter the circumstances, slavery bad. Period.
Let’s be clear. The Confederacy AND America are evil
America had slavery. America is bad.
we’ve been waiting longer for a playboi carti album than the confederacy’s whole existence
🫡🇺🇸🇺🇲🇺🇲
Mf I’ve had _erections_ last longer than the Confederacy
UNION FOREVER!!!
In other news, every 60 seconds is 1 minute.
this chris guy has to have a humiliation fetish
I don’t necessarily disagree with his standpoint, but I think it’s very retarded to have your opinion be based on one YouTube video.
SFO when pressed on his rampant TDS
I’m not defending slavery but the reason the south was willing to go to war over it was because the economy was built on it. And when they abolished it after the civil war  and all the damage the civil war, it caused their economy to collapse. Again not defending slavery.
Never thought I’d die fighting side by side with Englishmen
But the question still remains, state rights to what?
I think a lot of people need to know there's a difference between Dixie/southern as a culture vs what then CSA and Democrat's causes was leading up/during the time which until otherwise showing legit arguments for the time for fighting the war other what we already know shouldn't be treated as what the lost cause myth revisionists are painting it as. I'm not saying be cucks about who you are and we know you're not all scumbags being smeared as but those who truly buy into this shit got to stfu and admit yeah your past family likely fucked up and got played or were in some cases guilty as fuck here on this one.  That doesn't mean we should hate you or maybe though who once supported the bs cause, hell you're ironically more American these days than most Americans else who's heirs supported the union these days. We need to put Dixie folks apart from neo-Confederate grifters from each other and not put them in the same group these days people. STFU, be honest about things you don't to hear but need to hear, accept what it is and move on. To the people hating on these people understand it's cope because its uncomfortable but try to be both fair yet blunt for these people and give them both gentle yet tough love and think of them as your fellow human beings here. Today you can say these people are no more justify than the idiots who still support BLM these days, we both know they are frauds and criminals who don't actually care about helping who they claim to help but here there you meet those who honestly do and you have to help them out realizing they fucked up is all. NGL I hate everyone the equally by in large and hope to soon stop breathing from time to time knowing nobody is going to look at this. Hope you all have a better day than me I'm be slowing offing my self with booze.
Fucking traitor, states rights to do what 😂😂😂
Hot take: the confederacy was bad
Honestly this subject is very interesting and for the LONGEST time I bought the whole "It wasn't actually about slavery" argument (because it made more sense to me than a bunch of penniless workers going to war for something they'd never have)... BUT while what I found was quite a bit more nuanced, it really did just boil down to slavery.
Twice
Bro definitely got rejected by the southern baddie before he made this video😭
this is very confusing can someone explain this to me
As someone who is descended from Lincoln and is also descended from a Confederate Soldier, I support this message. Slavery Bad.
Funny enough, one of the reasons we rebeled against the Brittish was because they threatened to end slavery in the colonies because the King was gonna end it in England.  We didn't like that.
Had to come back to this because my dad started spewing the confederacy garbage
Guys! Slavery? That's bad!! (Clap now, please!!)
Proof that the victor writes history
Good strawman
Say that to my face fucking yeenky
States have NO rights!   Citizens have rights!  States have responsibilities to the citizens that empower them!!!
The confederacy lasted shorter than going through Canadian high school. That’s insane
There should NOT be any argument against this video 😭
For anybody saying ordinary confederates didn’t care about slavery because they were so poor that didn’t own slaves.  Ordinary confederates on slavery  Sergeant Henry L. Stone, Kentucky Cavalry "This country without slave labor would be completely worthless. We can only live and exist by that species of labor; and hence I am willing to fight to the last"  Lieutenant William Nugent, 28th Mississippi Infantry "Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery... Utter subjugation awaits us in the Union, if we should consent longer to remain".  Private Lunsford Yandell, Jr., Kentucky Cavalry "The vandals of the North are determined to destroy slavery…. We must all fight, and I choose to fight for southern rights and southern liberty".  After the war, John S Mosby befriended General Ulysses S. Grant and joined the Republican Party, but firmly stated, “I am not ashamed of having fought on the side of slavery – a soldier fights for his country – right or wrong – he is not responsible for the political merits of the course he fights in . . . The South was my country.”
The north was vastly disinterested in freeing slaves. Oversaw genocide of the native Americans, and were willing to see hundreds of thousands dead in order to maintain control of the south.
I mean it was a tiny bit about the states sovereignty against the federal government. But still no one thinks of that when you see the confederate flag, and for one good reason.
FREDRICK DOUGLAS MENTIONED 🗣🗣🗣‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
The Confederacy was of course a bunch of slavery wanting evil stains on human existence. Maintaining slavery was clearly their main goal and the definitely deserved to lose the war for it. Technically the Confederate could have answered the "Right to do what?" question by saying "The right to secede from the union instead of be forced to stay in it." ...but he'd still be a slaver so screw him, they needed to be defeated regardless of whether they stayed in the Union or not.
State's right to freedom! To a certain group of people that is....
Each confederate state had a constitution.  Each state constitution protected and endoresed slavery.  If you want to know what they wanted read the state constitutions
Pokemon Go lasted longer then the confederacy
You can give someone who idolizes the confederacy ALL of the facts about how they felt about slavery, but they’ll still ignore them 😂
And its about to happen again, but for Gay Trans and Women's Rights after Kamala wins. Ready to kick some Southern Seceding Ass again folks? 😎🤜🤚
A confederacy isn’t bad. But what those people were fighting for wasn’t exactly the best
Saying the confederacy is bad is like saying the Nazis were evil
Slavery is bad. Any other concern a slave owner has is invalid because they own slaves. End of argument.
I think what they meant by states rights was to remain equal in power to the north because the North outnumbered the south 18-15 in number of states
And next you’re gonna tell me grass is green
How did Internet slop outlive the confederacy.
The fact is Africans sold African slaves to the Europeans. Slavery is evil. Racism is evil. Slavery is not exclusively racist. It is just evil.   Also, the North did not really care about the moral integrity of abolishment. The civil war was fought to prevent the South from seceding. Lincoln didn't want the US going the same route as South America. And there were slave owners in the north, too.
My fucking xbox 360 outlived the confederacy from 2011-2023
Cope harder chud
I live in Georgia but if I lived during that year I'd say "Screw my Birth-country I'm going north!!!"
To be fair Lincoln wasn’t going to abolish slavery he was just going to stop its spread. The south could’ve kept their slaves but not expand further than they already had
chris135x, You are a failure of morals and history. Just like the confederacy
I am over 4 Confederacies old.
Live Long Da CONFEDERASAW!
That Chris135x guy joined YouTube since 2012. He has existed longer than the confederacy. :troll:
the confederacy was le bad but it is a part of american culture and our ability to forgive.
Born and raised in East Tennessee and I know that slavery was a terrible thing. I wonder what my great grandfather etc., on both sides, were thinking.
I still don't see why or how indentured servants weren't slaves. Slavery is slavery. Africans and Arabs had white slaves. Slave comes from the word Slav. Do you not know what a Slav is?
This video is so iconic that it's wild to see it's only a year old
The Confederacy did nothing wrong.
chris135x hasnt commented here in 6 days he fell off L
“YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS”
Not all things are black and white but the south sure seemed to separate them
States rights are still pretty god damn important. Imagine if the us goverment raised the tax rate to 100%, then a bunch of pedophiles started a revolt cause the taxes meant they could not buy phones/computers to prey on minors online, does that make the tax rate completley fine cause people are revolting cause of something like that? No it does not. Just cause the south was revolting for the state rights to slavery does not mean states rights are not important. If you are gonna discuss a topic like this atleast think about it for a while first.
Why are there so many unamerican racist extremists in the comments acting like this video is "liberal" and trying to defend the confederacy... Basic morals and not being racist doesn't automatically = liberal
"States rights to do what?"  To own and commercialize farm equipment, n'wah.
Dobson level cringe
Oh way down south in the land of traitors, Rattlesnakes and Alligators, come away, right away, come away, right away.
I just shared that goobus is making a aqua teen cartoon in a group I’m in for aqua teen content….and the guys account that replied with a crying emoji is “John’s wilks booth”……it’s funny this video is still pissing racists off months later lol
Awesome 🤟….
I still find it amusing there’s still people defending the Confederacy and bringing up heritage or dodging the slavery as if it’s not relevant
I was today years old when I realized stream comments go over every stream and not just the current one
But everyone's cool with modern corporate-America, which is mega-slavery, righto?
SLAVES
Thanks to this video I learned things and was right at every question when did a kahoot about this in class (If you're american this is probably common knowledge for you but I live in France)
Yup
My mom and dad like to argue with me that slavery actually wasn’t wrong because they were all doing it. Like what? Brother- everyone could be saying gay people are horrible sinners but that doesn’t make it okay to say that just because everyone else is. It’s still bad. It’s still wrong. Anyone who owned a slave was a bad person because they OWNED a HUMAN BEINg. I do not care if that person was the first president of these United States or your cousin’s great great grandpappy. Still a bad person.
Away down south in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators
Fuck fact Club penguin out lived the confedersy and the third Reich combined.
I am a southerner but I am 100% proud American
Im not even american but i do know that the other states rights were taxation and private property, which are the typical stuff high bron and upper class use to manipulate people to make them feel like they're gonna lose their homes and pay all their money to the gvt but instead they just want to own everybody else's land and not pay their taxes. The confederacy was a terrorist level threat 😂😂😂😂
My dad loved metal detecting. We live in Georgia and he'd go out and dig up Civil War relics like minie balls, bayonets (one of which wounded his friend, requiring him to drive the man to the hospital), cannon balls, Confederate belt plates, and even a Confederate soldier's medal of honor once (a once-in-a-lifetime discovery).  One thing he helped me realize is that virtually the entirety of Georgia is a Civil War graveyard. You can't even escape the Civil War's legacy on universities; when I was a student at UGA, they were breaking ground for a new building on campus, and accidentally dug up a mass grave of slaves.
A states right to secede from the union
May I remind you flaming intellectuals that the North invaded the South, not the other way around, And I will bet the farm that all of you support Ukraine and their resistance to Soviet aggression? Please advise the stupid people,
chris trying to not defend racists for 5 seconds:
why are so many pro-confederate people in the comments 💀
1:02  "hey apple" "what?" *"I outlived the confederacy and the civil war!"*
To own property.  But what property?
One of the reasons for secession was the north stopped allowing slaves to be brought into free states for any length of time. The south seceded AGAINST states' rights.
When I was married, I had an affair that lasted 6 years. That lasted longer than the confederacy did.
From what I recall, it was not on the states rights, but on the fact the north was specifically creating taxes on exports from cotton based products, mind you this was after a long series of other taxes implemented by the north to begin the break down of slavery. However no. The civil war was not about slavery initially, and did not become so until Abraham Lincoln’s proclamation. Furthermore this only released slaves in the south. And not the north. So yes the republicans freed slaves but not Initially the governments intent.
slavery is based womp womp
My favorite depressing fact: The Civil War _was_ kind of about a federal law suppressing states' rights. It was called the Fugitive Slave Act, allowing the feds to kidnap men and women from their homes even in free states, and the South seceded because they weren't sure Lincoln would keep enforcing it.
Man this Chris guy do sure turns me on ❤❤
You judge people 200 years ago for slavery while you use your slave made phone, eat your slave picked fruit, and wear your slave stitched clothes that you bought with your war backed currency.
In 2028 this video Will last longer than theConfederacy
Approved
NGL That southern voice is just hilarious
The civil war wasn't about slavery or state rights, it was, like always, about money.  But yeah, act smart while in reallity not being clever enough to know the actual truth or read to find it out.
Buy another slave made Iphone so you can virtue signal to youtube about how bad the confederacy was. 🤮
Last less then Hitler and the Reich (1939-1945) confederate ( 1861-1865) lol (sorry germany it is just a history fact)
Funny how there were blacks that fought for the confederacy.
Lincoln - September 18 1858 I am not, nor ever have been in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races.
The chris guy is really comparing owning animals to owning slaves 😂😂😂😂
videos like this are always a treat nice to enjoy the coping conservatards get ratiod in the newest comments wooo
CONFEDERACY IS THE BEST
State rights to take nothing but Ls (and getting flamed by Sherman)
Far left lies
This comment section makes me lose hope in humanity
As someone who has slaves working in my backyard, I disapprove
I can hear the Dixiecrats reeing at this
I swear that chris guy in these comments is a glutton for being humiliated
Star Wars has lasted longer than the Confederacy... Not that I'm complaining, Star Wars is awesome!
0:40 he wasn’t even going to *end* slavery, he was just gonna keep it in the south
Actually, only five states in the Confederacy actually cited slavery as being the reason they succeeded. The rest did so because they felt the government was over-extending its power and violating state’s rights, which it was. I’m not defending slavery by any means, let me make that clear. However, a lot of people don’t seem to realize that the Confederacy’s existence was more about state’s rights (not specifically slavery) to choose. They were worried that the government would start infringing on their rights. Again, because I know that some aren’t gonna pay attention and just comment without fully reading, not defending slavery. It’s just if you’re gonna present information, don’t be one-sided.
State's rights to lawfully secede from "These United States" as they were called at the time. It was written in their state's constitution that they had the right to secede from These United States, a right they exercised lawfully. Oh, and none of this was over slaves. Slavery wasn't even on the table until long after the war started. No, no, it was over taxes.The South's economy was used to prop up a government that simply refused to give them adequate representation.
*sees title*    Am i dumb?
It was the war of northern aggression
Silence southerner.
My parents brought me to a biker rally when I was roughly 6-8, so I didn’t really have a grasp on what the confederate flag was. I saw a bandanna with the flag on it and was like “oh, cool looking flag” so I asked my parents to buy it for me and they actually did. Can you just imagine a little baby white boy built like a twig with sunglasses and a confederate bandanna over his mouth?
The funny thing is the whole secession attempt really came out of a panic. Lincoln hated slavery, but insisted, over and over again, that he wasn't going to take away the south's slaves (he was smarter than pissing off powerful people like that).  However the confederacy was SO sure Lincoln was gonna abolish slavery they straight up seceded, which, at terrible cost, forced Lincoln's hand and made him take away their slaves over the course of a single presidency.  By being stupid, the confederacy ended up doing more for the abolishment of slavery than Lincoln alone ever could have done.
No shit Sherlock
These Skins heads a year later still haven't answered the question 🤣
People who were born while the confederacy was active didn’t even remember it
It's not just that they wanted to have slavery. It's that they wanted to have slavery when slavery was already on its way out   Thats like if you founded A country based on Twitter, today.
Matt in Blink-182 outlasted the confederacy
Says the green leftist liberal clown 🤡
Fun fact: the confederacy turned into a heritage thing over the years
Catharsis
I love that you used the Abraham Lincoln from Clone High.
Elder Scrolls 6 was announced in 2018. We’ve been waiting for Elder Scrolls 6 longer than the confederacy existed.
The answer is incredibly obvious to anyone with more than one chromosome: the right to succeed. Thank you for watching
If the confederacy was not about slavery, then why can't anyone refute the claims that "it was about slavery?" If states rights were the top priority, then this one claim should be easy to debunk.
Ninjago lasted longer than the confederacy
Texas Was A Country Longer Than The Confederacy. I'm From Dixie, Even I'll Be Dead Before I Fly That Participation Trophy On A Stick
So are we just going to ignore that the Abe Lincoln was the Clone High version?
Frederick Douglass You The Man😊👌🏼
The fucking nintendo Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy. A commercial failure of a console with like only 5 good games lasted longer than a whole ass country.      anywho *STATES RIGHTˢ ᵀᴼ ᴰₒ ᵂₕₐₜˀ*
Holy Trump is so annoying I thought that was a reference to him, and not what I presume now is a channel character or something.
FNAF lasted longer than the Confederacy
Hey! They just wanted their farm-tools people, is that so wrong? (Because I can already see the comments, this a joke.)
Built for bwc
I'd like to add that the Kingdom of Italy (which was formed in 1861 by the way) lasted WAY longer than the Confederacy did.
Hmmmmmmm…
it is important to clarify things. this is not about slavery, this is about the anti white hatred that bigots like this guy harbor. nothing else.
Oh boy! Let's see what the newest comments say about this one
Answer: states right to own slaves. Q: But what is a slave according to the law if it is legally allowed? which it was A: probably considered on par with livestock since that’s how they were treated Q: what is livestock? A: livestock is legally classified as a form of property of the owner Q: if the war was all about ending slavery at the beginning or least after Antietam then wouldn’t the Unions stated war goal was the confiscation of what was legally considered to be individual property the right to which was enshrined in our founding documents? A: yes, so the war was about states rights and would have been considered federal overreach at the time which is why the lost cause myth is not entirely mythical just over romanticized
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO We were not bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Eu quero que ele pegue as ficha que ele  colocou em mim engasga ela e depois morre Ele some por 5 anos e depois acha que pode me exige alguma coisa
if you read it with subtitles at the end you get a fun fact that doobus actually got DEATH THREATS when he posted it on twitter. thats wild in the worst of ways
Way to steal Atun-Shei’s thunder…
The confederacy is literally a culture of evil, slavery, fear, hate, war, and violence.
Personally as a Native Southener myself like any sensible moral person I agree with Doobus as I don’t like the Confederacy due to how they supported slavery which was a evil and immoral practice which deserved to be abolished. Also I like how Frederick Douglass dealt with the Confedrate supporter considering how he was formerly enslaved himself and therefore experienced the horrors of slavery first hand. He also opposed the Lost Cause movement due to how it defended both the practice of slavery and racism towards African Americans.
where’d chris go i miss him
Add Minecraft, now that its 15 years old💀
Based Doobus
I really don't know why I keep getting political content. I see huggbees comment though, I like huggbees
0:28 That's interesting. The Lost Causer brought up the word slavery before Doobus did.
Weekly comment here to laugh at the acolytes of a dead slaver cabal.
Abraham Lincoln was the nation's first REPUBLICAN president. Never forget the demoncratic party is the party of the old south!
The states right to Secede
I’m from the south and my father tells me most slaves weren’t abused, starved, or beaten. So what’s wrong with having slaves if they are treated well?
A certain orange car would like to argue.
Yeah I guess I'd be proud of the Confederate flag too if I was proud of slavers, traitors, and losers
This comment section has genuinely made me lose faith in humanity and i play vr chat one guy said in a rebuttal something like "Yeah but im white so i would be the one whipping them also if i was born in Africa i would just defeat the Europeans" like the fact they're are people defending the enslavement of other people because they look different is absolutely crazy to me   Also, your "heritage" was outlived by fucking among us
the left can't meme
Why is slavery immoral? What makes it wrong?
Lol this was great.
To secede from the union.
RWBY also lasted longer btw
Fun fact, one of the major "State's Rights" that the South believed was being infringed was the Fugitive Slave Act, which was supposed to force the law enforcement of other states to return escaped slaves to their owners. Of course the irony of "you're infringing upon my rights to infringe upon the rights of others" is lost on them.   There's also the whole making slavery a federal government issue and not actually leaving it up to the states to decide thing that the Confederacy had going on.   Both of those issues seem familiar to events in the past couple of years or so, infringing on the policies of other states in the name of your own state's rights, claiming something "should be left up to the states" and then gunning to make it national policy anyway, etc.
I don’t know, or even care about the confederacy, but I do know that states rights is pretty broad, to make state laws and pretty much everything else that makes a state a state. ISlavery was just the main reason. Still find it funny that people trace there anncestary to a country that lasted 5 years.
I know it's been weeks ago, but this video truly helps differ between REAL AMERICANS (With Captain America as my favorite and best epitome of this country) and the confederates (With Hydra and Trump as the living embodiments of evil).
Quoted the Confederate Constitution to one pro-Confederate. His response? "You're taking it out of context"
I had dnd campaigns that outlived the confederacy. Likr cmon.
SpongeBob fucking outlived the Confederacy 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I am so disappointed that so far not one supporter of the Confederacy has  posted a rebuttal. Come on guys let's see what ya got.
States right to own property
As of a couple weeks ago, the series I'm doing has outlived the confederacy
Covid existed for longer than the confederacy
The butter in the back of my fridge out lived the confederacy 😭  Edit: in four years if im still alive remind me i made this comment pleassssee it's gonna be so funny i promise 🤠
I needed to hear this. I wanted to hear someone with my same opinion say that literal exact words I was about to say.
This Has To Be *ONE OF THE BEST AND APPROVED VIDEOS TO BE ON A ANTI A SLAVERY WEBSITE BECAUSE THIS TOP GOLD* 🪙
Yes, a lot of confederates wanted to keep slaves, but then also a majority of them were wondering if they take this away what will they take away next?
Pretty nuts that the Annoying Orange outlived the Confederacy. Not only that, but *Sky: Children of the Light* has also outlived it.
And the Confederacy for a fact was part of the Democrat party. The two sides never switched. That's a lie created by the democrats of the 2010s. Why do you think the democrats always use black people for votes?
Keep in mind the civil war was the turning point. The United States of America has been divided ever since 1862. The Union went against the First Amendment by supressing the news sources. The Union also didn't have any plans for the slaves besides giving them "freedom".
TEXAS NUMBER ONE!!!!!!!!!! STATES RIGHTS TO SECEDE and so we could do our own stuff because we’re Texas🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️proud to be Texan 🇨🇱❤️ (yes it’s the Chilean flag but pretend it’s Texas)
in history there are no good or bad
I'm pretty sure that the average lifespan of a cat is longer than the confederacy existed for.
Fun fact: Lincoln was against slavery but he wanted to preserve the union so he was willing to let them keep slaves because he believed it would die out on its own. Lincoln only declared it about slavery after pressure from Frederick Douglas and Cassius Clay after the war started
Whoever voiced the grey dude did a great job. Sounds exactly like who you'd expect to defend the Confederacy.
The confederate flag in recent years now symbolizes soldiers who died in the Civil War and not racism so anymore or slavery if you believe in that, you’re very uneducated
The most telling sign of how dearly held is the First Amendment is that flying a Confederate flag is not treated/procecuted as an act of treason. Whether or not this attitude is correct though...
Lincoln was a real one fr fr
“The confederacy was bad” Yeah no fuckin shit bud
“-by the way, could you answer my question you fucking traitor?”
The south will rise again
“Away down south in the land of traitors rattlesnakes and alligators”🗣️
I think it’s funny how every conservative acts like when we say states rights to do what is some joke and they never have an answer
States rights to do what is my question can you guys answer it for me I don’t know
I never thought that the annoying orange outlived the confederacy
States rights to have their own freedom of choice. Would Americans like it if Britain was still giving them orders to do what they tell them to?  Lincoln told the Confederacy that they wouldn't try to remove their slave trade, yet at the same time he was campaigning  against it?  Im not defending slavery, but how would you feel if you were a banana farmer and then all of a sudden your neighbor said that "well growing bananas harms the environment, so you can't do that anymore"?  Countries should focus on their own problems, not the other peoples problems. Let them struggle, let them prosper. Either way don't go and tell other countries how to do things.
Step a side let the brown man spill what the white boy can't I about to get extra RACISTA PRIMO
South Sudan, a nation that has a kinda similar history to the United States, has been in various forms of conflict, mostly civil wars, and they've been around since 2011
Weekly reminder (not that sane people need it) that the confederacy sucked, was explicitly created to maintain slavery, and was outlasted by iCarly
0:25 Form a different country and take their land. The north only fought to keep unification, their leaders would have ended the war without freeing a single slave if they could. It was a rich man's war and, as usual, the rich slapped a moral cause on it to get poor idiots to feel like they had a stake in it.
States rights to do WHAT? O_o
Its me sherman, i had to reformat my phone, so is that 3 braincelled libertarian chris still here?
no it wasn't.
Aight, why’d Union fellas toss food in the river?
The most strawmanny video if I have ever seen one and I dont even like the confederacy
I'm not saying it was entirely about slavery, but MAN is it hard to find evidence about it being literally anything else at all!
Teen Titans Go has now lasted longer than the confederacy.
The fact Obama's presidency lasted twice as long as the Confederacy is the biggest fuck you to the Confederacy I can think of. Just another reason why he was a great president.
j
In case when Chris decides to deletes his comments again, I want to repost a comment I made that I will cite again when he says things like “Remember this.... The Republican party abolished slavery. The Democrats fought to preserve slavery” and he then says “I defend the rights of the individual state governments”:  “Well then let’s look at the Governor party affiliations of the southern states around 1860:  North Carolina: John Wills Ellis, Democratic  South Carolina: Francis Wilkinson, Democratic  Arkansas: Henry Massesy Rector , independent Democrat  Florida: John Milton, Democratic  Alabama: Andrew B. Moore, Democratic   Georgia: Joseph E. brown, Democratic   Louisiana: Thomas Overton Moore, Democratic   Mississippi: John J. Pettus, Democratic   Tennessee: Isham G. Harris, Democratic   Virginia: John Letcher, Democratic   All of them were Democrats with the exception of Texas who had an “independent” Governor. If you think all Democrats are evil enslavers then you have to apply that to all of them, the people who directly control the states themselves by there state citizens”
State’s right to exist
I think he got confused with the other reasons the civil war started. Still just small things like economy and stuff. And to be fair, annoying orange didn't serve in a war. W Union tho
I disagree
😂 😂  you do realize of course the war the flag didnt have a damned thing to do with slavery right if it did there literally would have been no damn reason to fight none zero zilch zip nada not a single reason to fight
ya
The union over here abolishing slavery but still allowing it to occur in prisons from the 1860s to now acting like they don't do slavery lol. Slavery didn't go away because of Abe, he only made it an equal opportunity position😂
Who here set the comment section to newest just to see unhinged comments trying to defend the confederacy?
Damn, that Annoying Orange argument just BROKE the man something fierce, huh?
If they won then the Union would be bad
-right to have rights  -right to keep working farms instead of migrating to the north to work in factories -right to remain republican and not democratic (republic = publical/ democratic = demografic dictat)  -right to opress minority (kind of a big deal when you are next to mexico, cuba ect)  -right to opress women (kind of a big deal when there isn't easy jobs for them to do) -right to brew and make your own guns (kind of a big deal when there isn't factory next door)  -right to exert specialist work without a diploma (kind of a big deal when there isn't an university next door)   I'm not pro confederate (i'm not even american). just fan of history and not fan of bieng soo soo right and morally good.  you judge past thing with your present view point showing to the world that you don't care about history   calling someone a traitor over a flag and missinterpretation of history (your own contryman btw) is actual trachery and deffamation (ppl used to die for that)   you play way to hard for an animator...
we should make "Get Douglas'd" a thing
Here on the birthday of America to laugh at the confederacy once more
Proud to be a northerner on my way to Dixie who’s got the 808,s shits boutta be a trip
So, why did the North also have slavery for two years after the Civil War ended?
You could fit almost three entire Confederacies between the release of Devil May Cry 4 and the release of Devil May Cry 5.
Here's a funfact, in the ruins of Pompeii they have found that being a roman slave was a position with upward mobility. You could get out of it on your own and there didn't seem to be much of a stigma towards people that were ex-slaves, with several business being owned by them.
"Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam-"🎵🎵🎵🎵🔥🔥
Democrats doing what democrats do.
You're so smart and well-spoken when you're arguing with yourself, just don't take out too much of the Amazon Rainforest in order to build your Iron Giant-sized strawman.
BFDI and Eddsworld outlived the Confederacy 😂
I love the annoying orange
Thanks Douglas
More things that the Annoying Orange has outlasted as of July 1st 2024  Not very nice to Jewish People Germany (12 Years < 15 years+) Both World Wars Combined (10 years < 15 years+) South Sudan (13 years+  < 15 years+) Super Mario Odessey (7 years+ < 15 years+) Gen Alpha (13 years+ < 15 years+) This video (11 months+ < 15 years+) Iphone 4 (14 years+ < 15 years+) COVID (4 years (ik its technically not over but come on) < 15 years+) PS4 (11 years+ < 15 years+)  That is one powerful orange.
Your vote matters   One side thought up and published 2025 and didn’t get eminently disavowed  The other one has an old man who’s too old   One side’s administration over turned a humans ability to decided what happens to their body and now has given Texas a 14% increase in infant deaths   The other side has done more large scale reforms for the United States then any other administration has done in the last 30 years   It’s not about who’s got the title as president, it’s their administrations  The USA isn’t fucking Russia, the president doesn’t wave his finger and shit happens.   One administration is going to get a lot of people killed and many more lives ruined
My only problem with this video is that the subtitles say "succeed" and not "secede" which, given the subject matter, is quite ironic
The flag looks better than the American flag also its American history no matter how evil it was the civil war is so American you hippie you think the union was better they also did war  crimes
Yeah I know the confederacy fought for slavery. Who said that was a bad thing though?
Should've added John Brown with him
I'm the dependant of a confederate general  Sir Robert. E. Lee  Also I'm a gay furry
For the record, the wait between the end of One Punch Man Season 2 and 3 has been longer than the confederacy
This reminds me the little bit from the start of John Green’s Crash Course US History episode, that bit will live with me forever
I see that clone-high-lookin’ Abe Lincoln lol
The Walking Dead’s run lasted longer than said “heritage”
The fact there are actual neo confederates is sad. Hate is a fucking waste of time
Although this video is both hilarious and amazing, there is one historical inaccuracy. The flag you showed is not the Confederate flag, although it's close to their battle flag. CGP Grey did an awesome short video on the subject.
YouTube itself outlived the confederacy.
Year the war started?  Year the Emancipation Proclamation was signed?  Did it declair all slaves free? Why not?   Did the war start before or after southern states began trading more directly with european countries? How did that effect northern trade? President Lincoln's own words on the topic of slavery and his desire to keep the Union intact?  Was the the evil south trying to hold slaves while the valiant north was trying to free its fellow man? Or was there a tug of war over the profit of slaves?  Yeah, it was basically about slavery.
🎵AAAAAAWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS 🎵
Highkey if I become a history professor I will just play this video before touching the American civil war to shut up any dudebro going 'um actually states rights-'
the sad thing is the Union DID keep slavery, in the states which did not secede. they had slavery in the border states all the way until the emancipation.
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
"We are not fighting for slavery, we are fighting for independence."  — Jefferson Davis  As an independent country they could do whatever they wanted, slavery included, and in a part of the country where slavery was essential to the economy (at the time) they had to have it, although if you studied the trends of many of the older generations that were passing away in the 1860's, they were granting their slaves freedom in their wills. Also once the slaves were free, they had to leave the plantation, which for some was a problem because then they had no home and no money to buy a home. Moreover, there were many Confederate soldiers who opposed slavery, but they didn't like the direction the United States was heading in, so they fought for their homeland, the South.
The mfs saying "Lincoln was a Republican therefore Republican = Good"  Like bro if your strongest argument for you political alignment about a guy from 1860 i think there might be something wrong with your argument
Please do the Nazis next
Before I watch this video, you must answer me this: how much soy have you consumed past 12 months?
Can't tell you how much I quote this to people I know. I've sent lots of people to your vids XD
This is why the North is always superior
the delivery on "the confederacy sure looks slavery ADJACENT at least" is killing me
My hub session lasted longer than the Confederacy.
I don't know if it's just me but is your Abraham Lincoln design based on Abe from clone high
Jonathan, a Seychelles giant tortoise, hatched in 1832, lived to see the birth and death of the Confederacy and Chris's issues with the gag. True story
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS 🔥🔥🔥
Just remember who the first Republican was….. one who freed the slaves.
“the annoying orange outlasted the confederacy” will never not be funny to me
my keyboard is older than the Confederacy lmfao
Well the confederacy was mostly made out of fear, just a few years before the civil war haiti has his slave revolution and basically the slave didn't exactly love their previous owners, they massacre every white person they found, so most of the south was jsut afraid of what will happen if slavery was eeally abolish, because obviously the slavest aren't going to take kindly their old owners, ironically most people agree that slavery was going to end naturally, so yeah the rights were tp keep the slaves out of the free for long as possible
South will rise South will rise South is gonna rise Again
Bro is speaking facts
"The confederacy didn't want to be oppressed by the north!" Oh like how you were oppressing a certain group of people? 🤔 funny that...
Fun fact: Dragon Ball actually outlived the Third Reich, The Confenderacy, and Trump’s presidency.
The southern states seceding from the north was about slavery, but the civil war was fought because the north wanted a unified country, not because of slavery.
Anyone else come to this video after the newest one?
Came back to watch the clowns who still defend the group of traitors who lasted for less time than Hannah Montana
Atun Shei be like
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS🗣️🗣️🇺🇸🇺🇸🐍🐊
Pokemon Go has lasted longer than the Confederacy. They better be glad we didn't replace all the statues they tore down with Pikachu's.
Anyone that dislikes this is a traitor
Hes scary when mad lol
I change my mind, Slavery’s bad   - Because it brought inferiors and civilizational invalids to our superior countries, and ruined them.  Most of if not all the people who brought them to america were iewish.  Also, No one talks about how whites were enslaved.  Ottomans, africans and other non-whites enslaved my people for decades if not centuries, We were treated worse.   Yet no one talks about it, Its only the blacks. Apparently, Only what they “went through” matters.
The funny thing about the grey area idea, is that only bad and evil things end in there, and never good deeds nor live and let live actions. Theres good and evil in this life, call things for what they are, theres never been a grey area.
“Very few things in history are black and white”  Yeah but the civil war isn’t one of them
I saw a shirt with the flag on it that said: “If tHiS oFfEnDs YoU, tHeN yOu DoN’t KnOw It’S hIsToRy!”  Bro you don’t know it’s history.
As Night at the Museum once said: “slavery is bad.”
my cat is outliving the confederacy, and unlike them she has more than 2 colors
If you are gonna talk history at least use the right flag for the confederacy 😂😂😂
You’re right about the CSA, but that’s the wrong flag.  The Stars and Bars was the Confederate flag, not the Southern Cross.  Plus, the Battle flag was a square, not a rectangle.  That was the one that was incorporated into the later flags of the CSA.  The Navy Jack is similar, but it had a much brighter blue than the Southern Cross.
Wasn't the Confederacy more centralized and restrictive of the member states' rights than the USA at the time?
Fax
Taxes. The south was makin babk from cotton trade. The south us sold the highest amount of cotton in the world. Fed wanted to tax more. South fought back. Slavery is evil. And it is imparative we keep history untainted so it is never repeated.
>Lincoln >ending slavery Kek, nice 1 M80 ;-)
Idk, I think the CIS has good ideals.
The only other minor reason I heard was tariffs, but that seemed to be something pushed into the textbook I was reading.
Wish I had this back in high school when my white classmate said this to me 😭
For anyone who cares,  I'm not engaging with Chris anymore.  I put my two cents on the occasional comment only to be informative and that guy,  whose level I refuse to stoop to, is not worth anyone's time or energy.   But seriously,  get Douglass'd is my new favorite thing to say 😂
🪿: State’s rights to do WHAT?!
sonic the fucking hedgehog lasted 8x the amount that the confederacy did
As someone from the south i can say the confederacy is something i dont agree with and i can %100 say slavery is completely abhorrent but theres something about the confederacy that is so iconic that its difficult to really ignore, the idea of the confederacy has been changed so much over the years and differs from person to person, some people agree with the confederacy and think that blacks should be slaves again and some use it as a outlet for their racism but another set of people use it not as a general want for state rights but instead  i feel most people align with it for their want for a non overeaching american government.
The annoying orange outlasted the confederacy  Im just imagining an animation of the annoying orange soloing the entire confederacy
States rights to self determination. Not even half the states that left the union cited slavery as a major reason and leaving the union was literally written into the states constitutions seeing as the US was supposed to be more like the EU, with each state acting as a country rather than a glorified county or economic zone. Yeah muh slavery was bad but even when Abe Lincoln tried to sue for peace while offering to allow the south to keep slavery he was told no
We talk all about a slave trade that no longer exists yet around the world there are still slave trades and we speak nothing of them.
90% of the population didn't own slaves though.
chris135x is such an opp
G E T  D O U G L A S S E D
As a black person myself I hereby say that the confederacy was very black
NoO wAY whAt? ItS My FAvOriTe SpoRt
Atun Shei Films would be proud…  DOWN WITH THE TRAITORS!!!!
So brave.
I would hope they don't "get a real country" because it wouldn't be much different from Nazi Germany.
1:14 SENT ME
Secede from the United States. That’s what they wanted the rights for. To secede and be their own country. And fine, if you want to go to war to go free the slaves in another country, do that, but then let them stay seceded if they want. It’s so stupid to just insist that everyone who thinks the north was wrong for going about it the way they did must be pro slavery… both sides can be wrong and it doesn’t mean you’re saying the wrongs were equally bad or that one of the wrongs was right. Such a stupid straw man
List of things that Chris despises and/or lacks:  Freedom   Evidence/facts  Intelligence   Common sense
You make the Union proud, Goobus! o7
The only thing I will disagree with for this video is not having the Union Dixie in the description. Shit is heat
You know the Abraham Lincoln must be evil too right, cause' he owned many slaves
Each dixie boy must understand  that he must mind his uncle sam
>it only lasted 5 years  Alright, I'm going to give you advice. Take Canadian healthcare.  Ignoring the massive cultural and ethnic differences of the South and the North, their historical conflicts, while also pretending they only existed while a piece of paper and "government" were in effect is the most juvenile and retarded view of history. Fuck you.  The aftermath of the war and the entire problem we face today with federal vs. state governments is proof enough it wasn't "just" about slavery.
thank you so much for this video Doobus, not only was it incredibly hilarious but also introduced me to Checkmate Lincolnites for the first time, which may be one of the greatest series I’ve ever seen on YouTube. Keep doing what you do
FUN FACT: the wait between Godzilla final wars and Godzilla 2014 was longer than the lifespan of the confederacy twice over at 10 years
Defending slavery of a race should be a crime  Edit: it is, inciting crimes is not protected by the law, for some reason its a crime to do nazi stuff but its not s crime to do confederacy stuff, most of the people who supports the confederacy and face legal problems are due to things they said about black people, not the act of defending the confederacy itself
1:04 how did an entire country manage to live shorter than most of pop culture?
Why is slavery considered wrong? People bring up beatings and starvation, but if those didn’t happen would slavery still be wrong?
Technically there was more to it than that the unionists were taxing the Confederacy for a lot of money and the Confederates wanted to break free from America to become it's own country. So that is what sparked a war but, the reason why slavery was so cost effective for them was because you didn't have to pay for hourly wages or hire workers when they could just get free labor.
So glad youtube is deleting my comments about the confederacy being bad
Be prideful of heritage when you can keep a country dedicated to failing alive for more than 3 years
Yeah but the segregation tho
The only good thing we got from the confederacy, was The General Lee.
reading these comments are always a treat
I’ve played plants vs zombies longer than the confederacy lasted
The fact that over the past decade or so people are still willing to die on the hill of "I should be allowed to celebrate a slave mongering hell hole of a rebellion" is still weird.
The green guy is 100% right!
This must be where sad people come to think they know history.
*captions on
Lincoln believed that containing slavery in the south would cause it to die in time. He did not campaign in 1860 on abolishing slavery. Only to stop it from spreading. Most citizens in the north were also indifferent to slavery until 1863, halfway through the war.
I looked up the declarations of secession for Georgia, Mississippi, SC, Texas, and Virginia, and did text searches for a couple of key words. “Slave” came up 85 times, “African” came up 6 times, “tax” came up once. They had fairly obvious priorities. I’m pretty sure the very first sentence of MS’s declaration jumps straight to slavery, which is hilarious in a morbid kind of way.
Fun fact: the japanese puppet state of Manchukuo which was 2x smaller than the Confederacy lasted for 13 years(9 years longer than the confederacy). So imagine a puppet state half your size yet lasting more than 3x as long as
I'm not a csa defender but imagine a more reformed version of the confederacy where slavery was abolished and didn't have a,racist ideology and had a traditionalist Christian run government. The streets would be clean and crime would be at an all time low and people would have more property rights, more freedom, while the government while sort of being a religious run regime, wouldn't be sticking their nose into people's business and stepping on everyone's rights. Basically society would be more pure and well mannerd compared to the usa today where homelessness, drug abuse and sexual deviancy is running rampant.
get Douglas'd has to be my favorite phrase I've ever heard haha
Confederate here southern
Fuck yeah
Away down south in the land of traitors raddle snakes and alligators 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥
Laughs in european
Confederate Defenders when you ask them why Abe was removed from the ballot “Erm I dunno, I just didn’t like his attitude…..about those nig-“🤓
Where theres a whip, theres a way
I remember reading that many northern soldiers didnt care about slavery until they saw how slaves were treated in person.
Nah idk what you’re talking about
i agree slavery is evil but there where better ways to deal with it probably offer compensation to them since slavery was a big part of their economy that way everyone would have their way and we wouldn't have this discussion. the slaves would be free, the abolitionists would be happy and the plantation owners wouldn't have a reason to go to war.
Down with the Traitors up with the Stars!
No shit!
I kinda wish that no one lost and they just did their own thing. Imagine the crazy cultures that would have emerged as America broke down over smaller and smaller issues.
It's crazy how you can find people in US putting Confederacy flags on their houses and cars. As if it's fine to approve slavery and reminisce those days.
It's so absurd that there are still people who deny that the CSA was founded largely because of slavery. Even though Confederate documents and politicians mention slavery.
i heart the south
I like how it brought in the length of time the annoying orange was relevant as a counterpoint for "heritage."
Smoking that rebel pack 🚬🚬🚬🚬
If your confederacy so good then why your penis so small???
Slavery is an L
The reason for seccesion has no relevance as to whether seccesion is legal or not. If the cause was a good one does that change the legal status of seccesion?
Teen titans go, arguably the worst CN reboot, has been running since 2013, almost 11 years now. Even a heaping pile of shit like that has outlasted your southern “heritage”
is funny coming here from time to time to see how the comments are doing. as always, fucking unhinged.
The state right to fuck around and find out
No, it wasn't.
doing a strawman and insulting on a matter that is obvious only because some people use fallacies to defend is low
i see people burning confederate flag to the ground but this thumbnail sums up. but your close captioning does not lie.
But the north still had slavery after the war. You're just looking for imaginary racists to bully.
Yeah confederate defenders are full of it. The only good confederates deserted or never joined up in the first place.
Remember, the CSA was a democrat run rebolt.
This shit is not my heritage
now we outsource our slavery to 3rd world countries
I hate when somebody say "gray" in history, just because there's grays doesn't make the other things good or justifiable.
I adore Doobus's content, but I would like to point out that it's "secede." If the Confederacy "succeeded," a whoooooole lot of people would have a lot fewer rights and a lot more work (read: unpaid, exploitative labor at the hands of people who think they're better than everyone else because of their pasty complexion) to do. 😂😂😂  And as an Asian, they'd probably have me working to death for a railway company. That is, *making* the railway. 😅
I love when people cope defending it as IT WAS ABOUT PROPERTY - said PROPERTY was SLAVES
Don't forget they fought against states rights when Northern states tried to not force people to return runaway slaves.
To support Doobus Goobus, I did this  *ahem* “Our new government is founded exactly upon the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition.” -Alexander H Stephen’s, Vice President of the Confederacy, explaining why they seceded  "No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law denying or impairing the right of property in negro slaves shall be passed" (Article I, Section 9) -Confederate Constitution and Confederate State Constitutions   "We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States, and of the Confederacy itself, were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race, and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable." -Texas Declaration of Causes  “the institution of negro slavery, as it now exists in the Confederate States, shall be recognized and protected by Congress and by the Territorial government in the territory.” -Confederate Constitution, Article IV, Section 3  “Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world.” -Mississippi, A Declaration of the Immediate Causes  The Confederacy refused to modernise their economy because of a superiority complex they refused to get rid of. They forced slaves to fight for them because they were desperate during their final months of existing.  The Confederacy lasted four years. Azur Lane, a game full of anime ship girls, has lasted seven years. How do you praise a nation so weak that a game full of nearly naked big chested anime girls has lasted three years longer than it. Gen Alpha is bound to outlive the Confederacy, how do you feel that a nation full of "what is outside, me know iPad, Skibidi toilet" is going to last longer than that "southern heritage."  Now read this to any Confederate sympathisers, since the Confederacy is "heritage", then fly that "heritage" flag of yours in Harlem, New York, and tell me how people will react to it. That's if you come out alive.
Its funny because the north continued to practice slavery even after the final confederate state outlawed it
The annoying orange has over 3 times the lifespan of the Confederacy.
Just came here after the culmination of Atun-Shei Film's "Checkmate Lincolnites" series where he did an expanded explanation of what you said in this video: yup, states' governors and the confederate president all said in their letters: Slavery & Segregation.
🎶Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam🎶
Wait I thought Lincoln didn't become an abolitionist until after the war had started?
Southerner here and just want to make this simple for everybody.   The South: Fought to keep slavery not for states rights.   The North: Fought to keep the union not to end slavery.   Doobs, your anger is righteous, your pride misplaced.
while i do ABSOLUTELY agree with the overall sentiment of this video, i didn't like the following bit :You're ignoring our other concerns-" "Yeah, but among the concerns was slavery, so I don't care." i mean, why ignore the other struff? I think it's important to take a holistic view of history. looking at that other stuff won't make the confederacy any less evil, it'll just enrich our knowledge
List of things that existed longer than the confederacy  TAWOG: 2011-2019 SpongeBob: 1999-20?? Angry birds: 2009-today Minecraft: 2009-today Thomas the tank engine: 1945-today Sonic the hedgehog: 1991-today Between the Lions: 2000-2010 YouTube: 2005-today Transformers: 1984-today The USSR: 1917-1991  If I’m missing any, plz let me know.
Nazi Germany lasted 3 times as long as the Confederacy, and the Third Reich is just as evil as the Confederacy
The right to secede from the Union.
Fun fact the annoying orange outlived Nazi germany. Take that Hitler
State rights to do whatever. If they took their slaves, what else would the government gonna take next? (Their guns maybe?) Also the Tatars had a state that lasted for less than a month, but I don't see you making fun of them.
Slavery is bad but let's face it the federal government has gotten out of hand.
And then what did the North do after that righteous victory? It'd sure be awkward if they went and did even worse atrocities to other ethnic groups...
Almost nothing in life is black and white. The US Civil War was, however.
The states didn't secede because Abraham Lincoln was gonna abolish slavery. They seceded because he won the presidency without a single southern state voting for him (mainly because the south had 3 different candidates they were split on voting for), they realized they no longer held the majority of power and threw a tantrum and left. Most laws made leading up to their secession heavily favored the South because that's where the raw materials came from. For example, there was a law that for every slave state entered into the union, a free state was entered. So one of the free states was Utah, the slave state entered as its counterpart was Texas. You don't need a geography degree to know how skewed that was in favor of the South. The South also dominated the presidency as they counted slaves as half a person but wouldn't let them vote, making southern states more powerful in the electoral college without having the divide of different opinions. Each slave owner was effectively 30+ people in the eyes of the electoral college. In the end, the South seceded because they couldn't have absolute control to do what they wanted to because they were the spoiled youngest child in America's history.  That being said, we should acknowledge that it happened and the events but not glorify them. It's important to know our history (even the unsavory parts) so that we don't repeat them or lose sight of how far we've come as a country.
Huzzah!
I haven't comment to clown on those clowns.
Everyone in this comment section needs to watch Europa the last battle.
Imagine acting like you did shit for this country? “get a real country” with you marching by the american flag at least I actually did something for this country in the army while y’all liberals sit on y’all’s asses all day
What do you think of mongolians flying their national flag? What do you think of communists flying the soviet flag?
Chris, just stop. Youre embarassing yourself. You get ratioed in like every reply.
State's right to secede, you hack.
After examining these newer comments its clear that they cannot even answer why or how slavery is “bad” without leaving us with another question and not an actual answer.   Leftism is an ideology of weakness and baseless lies.  The confederacy was based
This is not funny. Stop posting videos. I don't support either side. Quit virtue signaling.
It's not about celebrating slavery, it's about celebrating our heritage and we are proud of what the south accomplished if not proud of slavery, for example the Confederate states of America created the first working submarine ever,Eminem was born in missouri ,and so was president harry truman, one of the best U.S presidents in my opinion, and the legendary General Robert E. Lee was a southern general in the civil war, also Abraham Lincoln owned slaves himself
If anyone hasn't checked the full description you should look up or check out the Checkmate Lincolnites video series. Informative and entertaining
The confederacy lasted 4 years. Phineas and Ferb lasted 8 years (not counting the second movie and revival). As such, we should have statues to celebrate our TRUE hero, Perry the Platypus.
Godzilla has lasted more than ten times the confederate. LET THE BIG G WAVE IN THE BREEZE
Average jew
I see many comments with not many likes and 15+ replies. We are in it now boys. Take some screenshots.
POV sorting by newest to see stupid and unhinged people.
Chris probably also thinks Zack Morris was a kind and generous young man
Remember Vaas’s insanity speech in far cry 3? I think Chris might be the embodiment of it.   “The definition of insanity is doing the same fcking thing over and over again expecting $hit to change”
W
The Theorizers theory on Mort from Madagascar has officially exited longer than the confederacy think about that
Man, it sure is amazing how the good guys win every time and the bad guys turn out to be cartoonishly evil after the fact, eh?
I am oddly invested in the William Vs. Chris war in the comments. currently my side has kicked ah
Woman's right to do what?
Fucking based
The Confederacy was a terrible thing to come out of the South and caused a very unnecessary war. (This is coming from a Southerner)
Cassius Clay would like to speak to that kind man out in the parking lot.
Yes the the civil was about slaves. The main government use it to decide state rights do not triumphs federal. But the states till this day don't believe it. New York California, Texas is just to name a few that do what they want and don't care for the feds or other states
Just to put it out there,  i am not saying anything I'm saying to specifically disparage the South.  I believe that America as a whole is a whole historical sh*t show of horrible deeds done in the name of bs ideas like Manifest Destiny,  expansion, imperialism etc.
It should also be noted that slavery wasn’t the only reason the Civil War occurred. The South was also really salty about not getting enough land and being poorer than the north. There are 2 other reasons, but I forgot. How do I know? I’m Southern.
At the end of the day, it was about state's rights and we've come full circle with abortion. Notice both were pushed by Democrats. Also, Lincoln abolished slavery because the North wouldn't shut up about it. Read Lincoln's letter to the New York Gazette. Also, the South was willing to compromise with the North. They just didn't want to be forced to do so, like a certain vaccine that came out. Just who pushed that? The Democrats. So regardless with was about state's rights and Democrats kept going overboard every time. Also, a lot of blacks and native Americans lost theirs as well. It was officially over after all the natives freed their slaves a year later on June 19. They are like Japan and WWII when it comes to slavery.
Hot take we'd probably be better off if states had more rights these days instead of one gigantic overarching government
Fun fact none of my several ancestors that fought for the confederacy owned slaves.
Somehow Alexander Stephens looks exactly like the kind of guy who kneels for BBC
A (monkey) is inferior to his owner the same way a peasant is inferior to his Emperor.
In my former comment, I made good and valid points against the flawed anti-“slavery” argument.  I was hoping to be met with actual counterpoints, Instead i was met with the typical “ur a white supremacist”, “ur a troll”, “ragebait” and many many strawmans and red herrings.  Theres nothing wrong with human hierarchies, Nor state hierarchies. “slavery” is simply a way of practicing human hierarchy, For a man who is an inferior, factually by the human hierarchy, being used for work is therefor justified, Due to the fact that state hierarchies treat people the same, LR’s and HR’s.
This is a stupid argument.  Not all slave states chose to succeed.  And many in the north did not have a problem with the institutions of slavery.  Lincoln also considered the preservation of the Union as the ultimate goal; radical abolitionists had issue with Lincoln because of this, they wanted slavery abolished immediately.  Slavery was an economic issue for the south which was justified by racist ideology.  However most southerns never owned slaves and there also were black slave owners who wanted to keep the status quo.  The Civil War was a war fought between federal vs state rights.  If the war was initiated specifically to abolish slavery more states would have probably left the Union.  Simplistic videos like this only spread ignorance.
This just in: Trump found *GUILTY* on all 34 counts!!  .
There had been other time the southern states threatened to secede due to state’s rights issues  But they only actually did it when slavery was threatened
Wait so your a liberal
Historical fact Emus have won more wars than confederates
“Slavery is objectively immoral” is a flawed argument and its basis is lies.  “Slavery” is merely a use of human hierarchy, and state hierarchy. It has been practiced across all countries. It was labelled “immoral” only recently in the civil war era especially.  There is not a way to actually prove its “immoral”, Saying its “bad because it is” is nonsensical and invalid, And further proves that they are incapable of answering such questions, Because they know answering it will refute their own points as a whole; Easily.  Human hierarchies are normal and are not far fetched. For the state already has a hierarchy, All states have them, There has always been and still are ranks, Peasants and kings, Low ranks (LR’s) and High ranks (HR’s).  Peasants are not able to do as many things as higher ranks such as Kings, Officials or soldiers, This is still seen today.  If this is the case, How come deriving a man once seen in both the state hierarchy and human hierarchy as inferior of his freedom gets treated as if it is evil, Despite the fact that its just part of hierarchy and how hierarchies work?  For the higher ranks already treat lower ranks “not as well” as they do higher ranks, Because thats how it works.  Human hierarchies are barely different at all, They divide humans into Superiors and inferiors, Aka LR’s and HR’s.  It is reasonable therefor to use an inferior for work; For not only is it a tradition, But is simply a way of practicing  hierarchy.  Without hierarchies, The world would collapse.
They left the union because they no longer had any control over the country, the south removed lincoln from their ballots and he still won, the south had no control.
All this drama,  racism,  and petty comments is not what i thought YouTube was for! I'm going somewhere where everyone agrees on everything: the Assassin's Creed Shadows comment section!
I am usually not patriotic. Except for when it comes to dunking on the confederacy as then I will become the number one American
Lore accurate drawing of Lincoln.
Lincoln offered a Constitutional amendment that would protect sl lavery for them to stay in the Union. This is called the Corwin Amendment. It passed through Congress and would have been approved by the states. The South said no.  Meanwhile, the South debated whether to give sl laves freedom in exchange for their service in the army. This proposal was put forward by the Confederate Secretary of State. Many sl laves would have served and would have been freed.  So no its a bit more complicated. Sl lavery was indeed the central issue leading up to the war and without sl lavery there would have probably been no war. But the South had other grievances, too. And many in the North were not willing to fight a war over sl lavery, which is why it was originally about preserving the union, and the proposal to protect sl lavery in the Constitution was an example of that. In the end, individuals fought for different reasons. Some in the South were diehard racists who would have defended sl lavery for eternity. Others wanted to see sl lavery abolished eventually but thought the North was trampling on the Constitution and saw Lincoln as a tyrant.  A civil war is when multiple factions battle each other over control of a country. There was no civil war. The War Between The States was a war to prevent states from leaving the Union. Lincoln would have declared such a war even if slavery did not exist. Furthermore if there had been no secession then there would have not been a war regardless of the existence of slavery.  I'm Brazilian and I know more about United States history than 99% of the Twitter brainrot commenters here.
You know now realising it, this channel also lasted longer than the confederacy
This is Williams' alt alt ALT account, coming to confirm once again: the confederacy was bad, slavery is evil, and people who try and defend it as heritage or something else stupid are idiotiiiiiiiic  Just to be clear, I am not an alt account, I'm my own account, I've just been keeping up with the hilarious comments lmao
I went to the newest comments to see how many stupid people there are, and there's only one acting like fifty. Wowza!
Just commenting to see if that weirdo that’s spreading misinfo on almost every comment is going to reply something dumb.
Slavery is based.
Fr 🇺🇸🦅
While the practice of slavery(particularly in the US) is abominable. The fact is the states that suceded were in fact exercising their rights. The US was set up as free independent states that joined together to form a union.
"Get Douglas-" "AÆHHHHH"
Man, some of the comments in here are just the wildest things I’ve read in a while. I feel like this should be obvious, but here I say it. Slavery is bad.
the wait from half life 2 episode 2 to half life alyx was longer. thats amazing.
Almost 75% of the South did not own slaves are you saying that is wrong? Why would people fight for something that has nothing to do with them? And the North was being a$$holes to the southern people because they wanted to weaken them and become stronger
listen i dont like our country as much as the next guy but the second anyone starts saying states rights im stopping it instantly
Union Dixie might genuinely be one of my favorite songs, exactly because it so deeply offends people that should be offended!
Literally saw a skinny 5’6 white man with that flag on his jacket 😭😭
Simple, state’s rights with the catalyst issue being slavery.  It was both.  Secession is a state’s rights issue.  1.  The 7 Deep South states directly cite slavery in their declarations of secession.  South Carolina also mentioned northern states refusing to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act, Georgia mentioned protectionist tariffs as a secondary issue and Texas mentioned a lack of military protection of it’s frontier forts from Comanches as a secondary issue.  2.  Secession of 4 Upper South States was brought on by the firing on Fort Sumter and Lincoln calling for troops to put down the Cotton States.  Prompting the Upper South to join the Confederate States.  Secession delegations from the Deep South to the upper south cite slavery a bit.  But apparent Federal coercion was what brought the secession of Arkansas, Tennessee and Virginia.  North Carolina was surrounded and had no choice but to secede.  Missouri held a secession convention but the governor was ousted by Federal troops, “muh democracy!” Indeed with some of you people.  Maryland was in the midst of holding a secession convention until Federal troops stormed in on Lincoln’s orders.  3.  The creation of West Virginia is questionable at best because the Wheeling Government didn’t control the supposed borders of WV for most of the war, and many of the counties of West Virginia were pro-secession Virginia counties that the Confederate Army held on to the southern 2/3 of modern WV until 1865.  Reconstruction is what finally made WV de-jure legal.  By force.  4.  Secession is not mentioned in either the United States Constitution or Confederate States Constitution.  Many took that as an implied right and it was something very much in the air before Texas v. White.  It took the Civil War, or in the CSA “The War of Southern Independence” to legitimize secession or not.  Mormons in Utah and LeCompton Democrats in California/Oregon/Nevada/Washington were keeping a very keen eye on the war out west because of this very thing.  4.  Section 9 of Article 1 of the Confederate Constitution, the part that every one cites to smack on the slavery issue.  Well that is part of the limitations of powers of the Confederate States Congress.  The Confederate States government could not abolish slavery much like the pre-1865 United States couldn’t.  Leaving the issue to the states of the Confederacy, permanently.  Barring a Constitutional amendment had they become independent.  But we can’t expect NAFO types, dipshit Shermanposters and shitlib leftists to have a basic understanding of American constitutionalism.  5.  Last I checked “XY outlasted the Confederacy” downplays a horrible continent spanning conflict that killed some 750,000 people.  Look, great, your furry fetishes and MLP lasted longer than the CSA, they have also lasted longer than WWII and American involvement in that too.  You wanna downplay that conflict?  The same logic applies.  Much of that outlasted the GWOT, we shouldn’t have monuments to that because we “lost” that one too!  5.  Lincoln was hardly a saint, the Sand Creek Massacre, creation of Reservations and the Indian Wars can see to that.  6.  President Grant had a very amicable relationship with Lee after the war.  Confederate General Joseph E. Johnston later became Sherman’s brother-in-law after the war.  What we see in this video and in the comments section is a bunch of keyboard warriors having murderous power fantasies against their modern political opponents using the Confederates as proxies for their mental fantasies.  And they wouldn’t have lasted a second in the real Sherman’s army.  Or any army for that matter.  Shit, I even wouldn’t!  7.  “We don’t have monuments to Nazis!”.  Yeah we don’t, this is America not Germany, that is their issue not ours.  But do you know who has a big-ass middle finger of a Nazi monument?  Ukraine.  They have a big triumphant statue of Stepan Bandera right there in the heart of Kiev/Kyiv.  Take those Banderites in Ukraine’s government to task if you hate Nazzys so much.  Be consistent!  And yes, the attacks on Confederate flags and monuments led to the destruction of Union and US president statues like Kit Carson, Lincoln, Hans Christian Heg, Andrew Jackson, Woodrow Wilson and Teddy Roosevelt.  You’re welcome, us Confederate Monument defenders told you American-hating Marxist traitors this would happen.  I don’t argue with people that Curtis LeMay would have nuked.
Every time you’re arguing with one of these confederate traitors on social media, play this video
I once ask someone who deep down is a confederate at heart was quiet and I asked them "Why did hte confederacy rebel?" the reply was "infringement on staterights, such as trade", the song and dance on an indepth explaination was not spoken because if its a trade restriction, I am all for it, I am all for making our own products and restricting imports.  fun fact about the confederacy, it was so determined to be its own territory, that the Confeds printed their own money, the kicker, that money show cases slavery, specifically slaves being whipped, I find it a tad weird to make that your money.  Also I have a standpoint, if you are not able to give me a direct answer and tell me to "search for that answer myself", you essentially telling me that you know jack and shit. Also the "OH its our heritage", its a very short lived heritage and I will say this right now, American history is filled with lots of racism and genocide so in honesty, I am not proud of American history because if we really want to get into the nitty gritty, Hitler took inspiration for racial and systematic genocide from the US.
In Germany its illegal to use N@zi symbols so the fascists use Confederate flags!
And democrats are still salty about losing their slaves. So much so they brought back segregation and engage in slavery overseas or in human trafficking rings. Oops
The development of Silksong has lasted longer than the Confederacy
Obviously it was state rights to democratic self-government, and they decided to use their democracy to have slavery, much like most societies that ever existed. Because slavery is a completely normal thing for humans to do.
Here is a public announcement to any Lost Causers masquarading as libertarians/small government proponents, or geniuine libertarians who are ignorant :   The Confederacy was never a libertarian government, it never stood for "states rights" or any of that kind of nonsense at all.   Just stop trying to use it as an example of libertarism/small government, just stop it, stop it, you are wrong and you are embarassing yourselves.
I would like to make a note that General Robert E Lee was a confederate and abolitionist at the same time where he believed, in states rights over the national governments rights, as well as the abolition of slavery
It is so sad that a 90ish second cartoon could bring out so many people to defend the "states rights" argument while still ignoring the video's whole point.  Ya know Germany enjoyed something of a golden age during the 1930s, but it came at the cost of tens of millions of lives,  so it doesn't matter.  It was still one of the darkest time in it's existence
Well try being a non slave owner and see how many times the north violated agreements, set up bullshit laws to obtain a majority in Congress and senate.anf the constant tariffs fights and upheaval the North has caused leading up to the point. It takes a huge jackass like to call it just slavery, let's ignore that their Confederate president was called  a brass olive skinned colored fellow
Johnny Test ran from 2005 - 2014. It lasted longer than their 'heritage'.
_"Multitudes still cannot bring themselves to confront the story of slavery as both lived experience and as the central cause of the Civil War._ _Federalism and "state sovereignty," as Southerners tended to call it, demands an understanding beyond slogans and uses that often skirt the deeper issues at stake in the 1850s — slavery, race, and the future of labor in an expanding republic."_ - Professor David W. Blight, Yale
Confederacy: “Let me own people as property or you’re an oppressor!”  These people are funny. No wonder they lost the civil war.
so based
@chris135x, go ahead please leave now.
Confederacy is so weak, it also couldn't last as long as a Doritos locks taco from taco bell
What does Chris135x and a roach have in common? They’re both pests
It's important to know that implying people have s*x with their own family members is not an argument. That's something that liberals do because they don't understand what they believe. You're told to say things but you're not told to understand. I did not say I like the idea of slavery. The majority of you are 100% ignorant and 100% unhinged.
_"Confederates during the Civil War had no problem whatsoever in associating their cause with the protection of slavery and a system of white supremacy which they thought was inherent in the Confederate world order. The Confederates of 1861-65 were much more honest about the importance of slavery than are the neo-Confederates of today."_ - Professor Brooks D. Simpson .
But but they did genocide native Americans
The genocidal dictator Osama bin laden supported free healthcare and free schooling for children does that mean you want to gas the Kurds f*** off with this genetic fallacy just because bad people supported an idea doesn't make the idea itself bad
Nice to see you commit the fallacy of guilt by association or false dilemma but if you're going to claim but the Federalist supported state rights so therefore states rights are bad are you going to have to accept that veganism is bad Hitler supported animal rights and was a vegan does that mean that or bad no just because bad people supported an idea doesn't make the idea itself bad this is a classic genetic fallacy Stalin I'm still drinking s*** and drank water does that mean doing these things are bad no
Just stop replying to Chris (guy with blue shirt stickman pfp) and dont give him attention, he's just a troll.
They deserved their state rights to own slaves. Without it, their economy collapsed.
Is this checkmate linconites abridged?
_"Of all these interpretations, the state's rights argument is the weakest. It fails to ask the question, state's rights for what purpose? States rights and sovereignty, was always more a means than an end, an instrument to achieve a certain goal more than a principle. … In the Antebellum South, the purpose of asserting state sovereignty was to protect slavery."_ - James McPherson "This Mighty Scourge: Perspectives on the Civil War," p7 .
Why speak too fast? I was obliged to reduce the speed
Most people in this comment section lasted longer than the thing they are celebrating. Kinda funny don't you think?
It was about state's rights, main above them slavery. Slaves which the Northern industrialists hated because Southerners could easily out produce them, and if you take away that labour you have an unindustrialized agrarian society which Northerners can easily take advantage of (which they did).  Lincoln was elected with just the north voting for him, and was pushing Northern Doctrine on Southern communities. The southern states also felt the issue of slavery should be decided amongst the states and not forced upon them by DC, and when the war ended, it pretty much solidified government control to police states as they wished. Anyway nice way to strawman your opposition, and Ad Hominem for the annoying orange.  In conclusion, yes it was about state's rights, because the Federal Government shouldn't be policing states on their laws, just like we shouldn't be policing the rest of the world because that isn't our business. American First.   To Note: If you guys actually care about "slavery" I don't see why you're still using apple phones and wearing Nikes and driving Teslas, and used cornhub. All of those are made using slavery.
The trailer for the unreleased Hollow Knight: Silk Song has been around longer than the confederacy
The fact that this has to be said is crazy.. the American political scene is a clown show  EDIT: somehow.. it seems two people who actually agree with the confederacy, or atleast adjacent to it, have been in the comments.. @JL-XrtaMayoNoCheese and @chris135x.. what are you two doing down there?
The Confederacy was good                                            At undermining human rights and being traitors
I’m from the southern part of the US and it’s so sad that traitors have to lie to children in order to keep their idiocy alive. A Teacher got me  believing that it wasn’t about slavery, I trusted him because he was also in charge of the local Scouts of America.   I finally hit college and had some actually cool, if a little unusual history professors that opened my eyes.   Seriously, Confederacy is about slavery and those who deny it are in desperate need for reeducation
"The Confederacy was bad" -Lois Griffin
I think there were legitimately some other rights they might have wanted.  But slavery was definitely the majority of that cake...
Rest in piss
The PS2 outlived the confederacy
Reminder: Every cares so much about slavery (despite it being apart of human history since forever, making it as ingrained in us as drinking water) that they simply just outsource their slavery to chinese sweatshops, so they feel better about it. (: But yes, slavery bad, but only because it brought blacks to America.
Slavery is bad.
The North didn't want to abolish slavery just because it was the right thing to do, but the point still stands.
There is never a good or bad guy in war If the war ends and the only thing that survives from the team that lost is that they were the bad guys there is something wrong going on
Fun fact: Annoying Orange has also outlived the Third Reich
How about the right not be robbed.
The confederacy was so pathetic that I've been alive for  five times as long as it lasted.
“You’re gonna celebrate a nation so fucking weak the annoying orange outlived it?”
Wish we could still see dislikes to see the ratio
I'm no lost-causer.  However, the Civil War was initially started, from the Northern Perspective, over the reunification of the Southern States back with the Northern States. Whereas with the Southern states hitherto Slavery being a serious issue, more specifically the issue of equitable statehood becoming problematic, as it was an immensely important aspect to equitable Electoral College and Election processes for both sides, and saw that the Abolitionist/Emancipationist Movement was trying to, essentially, force them into a corner where they could no longer vote with sufficient power. After all, the 3/5ths Clause and the Slave/Free State Clause were two major compromises to avoid Civil War in the first place, per the Founding Fathers. To Lincoln, it was an egregious breach of national security, one that was clear with regards to France and England's interests who saw an opportunity with the Confederacy. Potentially increased influence in the Americas since the Monroe Doctrine was put into effect nearly 50 years or so prior, and also the decreased political, social, and military power of a rapidly growing, industrializing and territorially expanding nation.  One could also argue that it was a war over industrialization itself. As the North was proving that people weren't at all free, just beheld to a different form of slavery not unlike that of the Confederacy. But as opposed to picking Cotton, they were working machinery and living in crowded sky scraping apartments for meager wages.   The Confederacy's reasoning behind the Slave Ownership rights was due to the fact that Emancipation was considered on an equitable footing as Abolitionism. Right or wrong, it should be stated also that Abolitionism was not a popular sentiment in the Northern States either. Individuals like Chamberlain and his brother are rarities in the enormity of the whole that was the Union Army. As comparison, Lee, prior to the Emancipation Proclamation, upon inheriting his Father-In-Law's vast wealth and slave holdings, gave freedom to the slaves of his own volition (this does not justify Lee as a Traitor... But it does show that its not, in fact, black and white), whereas his right hand man (General Jackson) was an adamant slave owner... On the reverse, Grant himself owned 3 slaves, and his wife, back deep in the northern states, owning a vast slew of slaves, was an outspoken pro-Slavery individual.  Granted, the very debate of Slavery was immense between the two states, and some of the most outspoken Abolitionists, ironically, hailed from Slave States (Henry Cassius Clay being one of the more potent individuals, who himself essentially strong armed Lincoln into passing Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, and actively assisted as Ambassador to Russia, in requesting that they should warn Britain and France that they would declare war if they became directly involved in the American Civil War). And for the entirety of the US' history, at that point, Slavery was oft the argument that led to heated debates.  Yet, he was fighting for a Nation that, from modern perspective, was a conflict solely derivative of the Abolition of Slavery.  Again, individuals like John Brown were not popular. To much of the main stream Republicans in the North, he was a radical who was trying to spark an unnecessary war, not a freedom fighter trying to inspire a libertarian revolt against the Slave Owner Class.  For many in the common ranks (who were neither slave, nor slave owner, on both sides of the war), they were fighting for their respective state, and viewed the other as a tyrant (Confederate Enlisted) and a rebel (Union Enlisted), the ramifications of the political issues were predominantly held at the higher levels. For the common man fighting, the Slave was a non-issue because neither could own slaves (financially or socially) in the grand scheme of things.  The issue of slavery, and Emancipation Proclamation, came to a head for two-fold purpose: A) To deprive the South of any meaningful value in its slavery (as the EP only addresses those states in Rebellion. It did not address Emancipation for those who, being grandfathered in by by-law or loophole, in Northern or otherwise non-rebel territories, were otherwise slaves) and thus hope to reduce its manpower and any legal precedent, while also giving Union Commanders Legal Jurisdiction to free and provide safe conduct to slaves found in the South, to the North...  B) To reduce the political, social, military and economic ties between the Confederacy and Britain and France, whom both had Abolished Slavery near 30 years prior in 1836 and 1833 respectively. By doing so, it sets a global stage statement of the American Civil War from one of reunification, to that of Emancipation and Abolition as well. To Lincoln, Slavery, again, was a non-issue, recently found documents of his penning found that he was not the "Great Emancipator" that we once thought, this all being found by contemporary Historians and edifying that he was not as adamant on Slavery as he was presumed to have been. In point of fact, the Emancipation Proclamation was more a political repositioning, rather than a moral stance of absolutism. In one of his various diaries, he states that in any capacity to which the South could keep their slaves, but reunify with the Union, he would do it.  He also actively worked to try and find new home and nation for the Emancipated Slaves, knowing full well that their integration into society would be consequentially marked with a perpetual issue of racial and cultural conflict. And even actively worked with the British Prime Minister, at the time, to find them a new home so that the Confederate losers would not have any power, authority, or political weaponizing of the post-War issues that were sure to be wrought. He also understood that the North, already suffering under the immense immigration of Irish, Slavic and Mediterranean nationals into the US seeking new hearth and keep, were not going to be fans of seeing the already difficult industrial jobs disappear to individuals who would work for a fraction of the price, at twice the amount of labor (their position was unfounded, of course, because much of the Emancipated Slaves never moved north in the first place). Even more so, especially to the Emancipators, to release, outright, the amount of individuals who are either uneducated or undereducated (thanks to the Confederates) would be even more disastrous than that of keeping them in their Slavery.  While the Abolitionists are Morally Correct in their position, to outright demand the emancipation without a Policy Solution to deal with the aftermath of their freedom, especially when we see nearly 100 years of Racially Motivated Jim Crow Social Warfare against the Black Community by the Democrats, now reversed into "Benevolent Tyranny" by keeping them on the Welfare and Social Programs Plantations they've carefully cultivated in the last 60 years, proving that Abolitionism was a correct choice, but did not venture to seek out aftermath programs and protections to prevent such backlash, post-Civil War...  Conclusion: The Civil War was not JUST about Slavery. There were many other issues that eventually led to the American Civil War. But the greatest of them, at the forefront, was Slavery at the higher levels of Politics...
My dog has lived longer than the confederacy.
This was great. Now I honestly want an answer those questions answered.
These are the same people currently complaining about Yasuke being in Assassin's Creed.
The Wii U outlived the Confederacy!
People have been waiting for Winds of Winter longer than the Confederacy exists
“It is manifest therefore that there are cases of people of whom some are freemen and the others slaves by nature, and for these slavery is an institution both expedient and just. But at the same time it is not difficult to see that those who assert the opposite are also right in a manner. The fact is that the terms ‘slavery’ and ‘slave’ are ambiguous; for there is also such a thing as a slave or a man that is in slavery by law, for the law is a sort of agreement under which the things conquered in war are said to belong to their conquerors.” Aristotle, On slavery
Why People Freak about slavery ?  It actually very good and moral system !  Long as you are not slave
I wouldn’t call the America Confedracy weak, the country did won 23 major battles against the Union it was after that they were running out of surprise and they lost the war.
WARNING TO COMMENTERS: if you make a comment or scroll through the newest comments you’ll encounter a confederate troll who annoys everyone with nonsense. His name is “Chris”. Don’t pay him too much attention as he is an idiot
The wait for gta 6 was longer then the confederacy
But my favorite part of this states rights argument and the related "states have the right to secede so the confederates weren't traitors" argument is: the confederates legitimately didn't give a damn about states rights lol seriously when they first announced secession Lincoln attempted a compromise that would enshrine slavery in these states and it could never be abolished by anyone other then the citizens of the state themselves, the confederates countered by stating they would not secede if every and any new states joining the union would automatically be slave states which would be a huge shift from the system of letting the residents of the new state vote on it meaning the confederates were literally trying to take away states rights from voting on this issue..... Yet they made sure the slavery thing was mandatory 🤔 hmmmm. Also in the confederate constitution they clearly outlined that NONE of the confederate states were allowed to vote to abolish slavery, that the Confederate government held supreme power over the confederate states and secession from the confederacy was not allowed...... Hmmmmmmm a federal government who can override the states, taking away the states right to vote on specific issues and making it unconstitutional to secede....... Sounds like it wasn't about federal government overreach and states rights..... But there was ONE issue they made sure would remain constant throughout the territories they claimed 🤔 I forget what was it
One of the best things about the states Rights argument is Lincoln in both his personal and public life was very clear that although he hated slavery he had no intentions to abolish it, he truly believed that it would eventually die out as a practice at some point so no action needed to be taken. The confederates fear literally forced the governments hand on the issue 😂
Hey guys, I just wanna say. It’s crazy that there are people here trying to justify slavery by saying that there is no such thing as good or bad and morality. There also people here just plain out saying that slavery is good. And then there’s the 1 guy here trying to shift the conversation over to how the government controls us and that slavery never really went away (looking at you chris). But no matter what these sad sad little people say. I’m glad slavery and the confederacy are buried. Stay strong humans with basic human decency and integrity.
The north had slaves AFTER the civil war. Lincoln only released the southern slaves in hopes that they would join the northern army. So you can take your virtue signaling, and stuff it up your ass.
Once they add a certain Axis Germany flag to fly alongside their "Confederate flag" it tends to be just one more layer of telling on themselves. Seen them together a lot in a certain someone's rallies. At that point, it is clear that cruelty is the point. So yeah, "state's rights to do what????" They spent every effort saying exactly what when they declared war on the North. Then they wussed out when they lost, offering all sorts of wussy arguments because then they had to perpetuate a lie as their last ditch effort.
The Nazis out lasted the Confederacy
You know, I realized I never left a comment of my own here, so let's help that Algorithm! Anyhow, history is a fickle thing, its as much influenced by the people that shaped it, as by the people that remember it.   What is important, is that we remember the core truths. Details might change or get lost in translation, but as long as the core pillar remains the same, we can at least be sure in the knowledge that we know WHY something happened.  So, to close my little stament The Civil War was about Slavery. The Confederates were mainly fighting for the interest of slavery and expanding the Slave Trade. I highly reccommend actually looking into some of the statements from Confederate Leadership and what their long-term plan for the South actually was.  State Rights to do what? To own and trade slaves.
That’s actually a really good question, states right to do what?
"the annoying orange has existed longer than the confederacy" thank you for this absolutely FIRE gem of a jab right here. definitely using this.
It’s funny because they were mad that western states weren’t going to have slavery even though existing states would still have it, slavery was abolished to weaken the confederacy since they were dependent on the economy built on them💀
A lot of people don't realise that it states in the constitution that a state cannot secede really google it
People still out here trying to take my freedom saying its their freedom to do so. Seems like the Confederacy didnt die but morphed into the grievance of powerful white men to exploit the poor whites against minorities and the poor. Today we call their crusade "anti woke"
If your belief allows you to oppress another person or strip away bodily autonomy from an entire group, you are the villain. It doesn't matter how many times you get down on your knees to your god, you are the most basic and vile villain
So if I have this right, the confederacy is bad, and people can't defend it because every argument they can come up with that sounds remotely useful revolved around slaves. States rights to own slaves. Blocking trade of slaves, and the like?
The wait times for the release of silksong, metroid prime 4, and pikmin 3 and 4 have all lasted longer than the confederacy.
Meanwhile there’s me who only knows what World War 2 is about. The rest is usually “some idiot did a stupid thing cause they wanted to look cool and strong”
Its impossible to define “good” and “bad” in actuality, Where do you get these “morals”? Had the state said slavery was not “bad” you would all have different views. None of you think for yourself.
@shenandoahcountypublicschools what heritage and history are those two schools honoring again? Could you remind me…
Gay video.hɦ  states rights to private property, (SIàves). [Which is okay]
i swear you could make a video about how getting your face ripped off is bad and the sort by newest would just be people going *_”WELL BIOLOGICALLY SPEAKING-“_* edit: no fucking way i was right edit2: this is so funny
There were a few things where the people of the south were misled by rich southern propaganda talking about how it would ruin their heritage plus General Lee didn’t support slavery and was a union general who only fought for the south because he didn’t want to kill his own people
If you sort by newest first, you'll notice people retaliating by saying that it wasn't about slavery... Without addressing slavery. You're playing the character role, buddy.
The fact that the comments are arguing whether or not the south was justified is kinda sad. (Edit: this entire comment section feels like insanity, I think there is a reason why the creators of the internet regret their creation)
Armed conflict and a weak government allow slavery to flourish in eastern Congo. Forced labor and sex slavery are widespread in mining regions as is forced marriage.
The confederacy was based, Slavery is based.  sic semper tyrannis
The Secound mexican Empire (who was also a big fucking joke) last longer then the confederates.
Are.. are you trying to cancel something that happened in 1861-1865?
‘Now could you answer my question, you fucking traitor?’ That line gets me every time 😂
The fact that the Nintendo Gameboy was supported longer than the Confederacy was a thing really says something
The simple historical fact remains, that every single country/state/empire that is based on slavery - the concept of one human being "owning" another - has failed.  The reason for this is innate within human DNA. Every single human alive today is 99.997% the exact same as every other. The 0.003% difference accounts for height, weight, eye colour, hair colour, immunity, and a host of other variables. Race is an artificial construct that has zero, nill, none, zilch basis in biology or chemistry or science. It is pseudo, or false, science. Because we ALL are made of the same DNA, we ALL resent and fight against evil. Therefore all slavery carries within it, the seeds of self-destruction. Like the Romans before it, and the Nazis after it, the Confederacy was doomed from the start. Nutters and lunatics who assert otherwise are similarly doomed to extinction, as humanity seeks to rid itself as a species, from such cancers.
I heard this caused up a lot of problems
Spongebob was made in 1999 its still being aired which means Spongebob lasted more than 6 times than the confederacy
state's rights to fuck around and promptly find out
"STATES RIGHT TO DO WHAT?" 😂😂
The Confederate flag is so unanimous with 'racist' in the modern age that I guess it's impossible for a person who might use that flag as a symbol of their heritage 'not specifically pro slavery' as racist... And it doesn't help that there are individuals who strongly use it to enforce a racist agenda.. Of course individuals should be judged by their actions and words; a racist is a racist... Must be the same issue with a german family having their ancestor's army uniform from WW2 at home even though the individual who wore it wasn't maybe anti- Jew. Same issue.
You can say the people were defending their state but you can't say the leaders and aristocrats were
The ultimate irony is there are still commenters hiding in the replies saying “ogh but it was for states rights” litterally fucking 💀 all of you are a disappointment
The fact that d]when i was learning about this in high school my dad also said “actually its was about states rights.” Sir you are 40 fucking 7, play starwars the old republic all day, and think mental illness doesn’t exist all in the year of our lord 2024 you have negative say in the matter
Slavery was never abolished. They just made it so that everyone is capable of becoming a slave if they're convicted of a crime.  Essential.. The government gets to own all the slaves now.
The only thing good abput the confederacy was it's anthem's tune lol
“The Confederacy was bad”  Every sixty seconds in Africa a minute passes 🍷🗿
Reminds me of an old coworker who used to brag about hooking up with girls with a massive confederate flag in his room. Ironically enough, last I checked he got dumped soon by his then gf because of it.
Yeah like it's obvious
Im mexican and even I know that your argument is bullshit.  The right to secede from the union was the main issue; it wasnt slavery; you know, because many people "on your side" were still pro slavery.
0:19 Ahhh so this is what democrats mean by “oppression”. Things are starting to make sense now.
STATES' RIGHTS TO TELL YOU THAT YOU'RE BRAIN DEAD
Right to leave the union.   The argument that triggered this war was undoubtably ABOUT slavery. But that's not why hundreds of thousands of poor white men who didn't own slaves killed each other.  The war was to stop the South from leaving. The North didn't ban slavery, not even during the war. The Emancipation Proclamation didn't free a single slave, because it only applied to confederate territory, as a purely punitive measure, that at the time was not enforceable anyway. That little fact is not without reason.  Lincoln and the majority of the North were just as racist, and saw the slaves as inferior sub-humans. The question whether they should be worked to death was treated more like animal abuse more than human rights. Remember this was in a time when child labor and indentured servitude was common practice, so slavery wasn't that far off from the condition poor immigrants suffered elsewhere in the country. A condition that would continue into the 20th century.  Ultimately, the only reason the south cared about slavery more than the North was because their economy was built on slavery, unlike the North that was more industrial. This happenstance had nothing to do with morality. As I said, both parties were bastards. Their viscous behavior was justified in post, the same way we justified WWII and the bombing of Hiroshima after the fact. No one knew about the concentration camps in 1939. The reason the Allies went to war with Germany wasn't to save Poland, evident by the fact we gave Poland to the Soviets in 1945. England and France simply didn't want Germany to impede their imperial ambitions elsewhere, such as in Africa. Nazis being bad, does not make the British Empire good. Conversely, slavery being bad, does not make the Union good, because the Union didn't fight to stop slavery, they fought to put down a rebellion.  There's a reason the civil rights era was in the 1960s and not the 1860s. The North were still racist... very racist. In fact, Europeans commented that slave owners in New Jersey were the cruelest of them all.  All of this could have been avoided, if the Fed had simply compensated the slave owners economically, as had been the case in Europe, where slavery was already banned, WITHOUT a civil war.  But, Lincoln had bigger plans. Lincoln being a dictator is separate issue, just like the civil war is a separate issue from slavery and slavery is a separate issue from racism. But they are separate issues for the same reason, so ultimately, you can't discuss one without the other. What separates these things, is the motivations of the factions attacking and promoting them.  The people who fought the civil war were not interested in slavery, the people who fought slavery were not interested in the war, and everybody was racist, so racism may as well not have been an issue at the time.  Fuck the confederacy, and Fuck Abe Lincoln. They both killed hundreds of thousands of Americans, they both started the war, they both were racist, and they both deserved what they got at the end.
Only time the patriotism runs through my veins
I have no idea what is this is about as I am not american, but yeh, gettem.
Just to let me remind you all: The conferated states were part of the Democratic party, and the only reason they didn't listened to the new president (which at the start wanted a slow removal of the slavery system to let the south adapt their economy) was because they feared an "imminent" economy collapse that only existed in their heads...
The confederacy had a shorter lifespan than your average carnival goldfish and they STILL want to act like it was such an important part of their heritage - IT WASN'T. It was a bunch of racist jackasses being racist jackasses and they should be as ashamed of it in their background as Germany is of nazis.
states rights to own slaves (which is okay.)
If I could, I would show my governor this video
States right to secede and own people
You sir, are amazing at portrayaling the South defendants. This is the best video I've seen all day
I'm going to send this video to so many people
Go show this video to HK Edgerton. He might give you the answers you seek and if the confederacy was all proslavery.
Throwback to the time that these folks rallied around it in high school.  This was not even in a state that used to be in the confederacy, it was fucking Michigan.
It's... Interesting living in a world where people bend over backwards to defend a group that was blatantly pro-slavery, try to erase the history of slavery and pretend it never happened (or that it wasn't 'that bad'), and then complain about how children lack proper education NOT because of the constant attempts at cencorship and rewriting history, but because the EEEEEVIL gays are warping their minds with EEEVIL books about people HOLDING HANDS and EXISTING. No, the dudes who want to own and freely abuse humans who they see as less valuable than DOGS are the real heroes of this country. Murica, I guess.
whoever disliked this we will find you
State rights to leave the union
Has anyone else noticed their comments disappearing. I been trying to refute a slave defender's claims but my comments aren't sticking.
Not supporting slavery by any means, I'm just asking for a fact check. Cause I was born and raised in Southern Alabama and I always heard it put like this.  The Southern States primary economy was built on harvesting resources(cotton, tobacco, etc) that was primarily harvested through slaves.  When the shoe, it wasn't because they didn't want to end slavery period but because they didn't want to end it IMMEDIATELY because they would've gone bankrupt if they lost their entire workforce before they could replace them with hired help.  That's how I always heard it. I honestly don't care one way or the other. It's ancient history and didn't effect my true ancestors who made THEIR fortune running shine back in the days of old.
The Search for Big Foot lasted longer than the Confederacy
Okay Genuine question from someone who doesnt get it What is the 'States right to do what' thing Is it to own people???? Like the states right to slavery?   I feel sick typing that out wtf is wrong with people, why would you ever want to own people,
Ngl the Civil war was mainly about reuniting America
i thought this was about the terran confederacy from starcraft not the civil war
Welcome to Tennessee we promise we don't have the KKK *wink*
Why do you personally believe slavery is evil?
Tumblr’s adult content ban of December 17, 2018 has lasted longer than the Confederacy*   *explicit images or videos that would normally be seen on ⬛️🟧 will still be flagged but you get the point lol
the wait between botw and totk was longer than the confederacy
Non-inclusive list of things that lasted longer than the Confederacy: - Pokemon Go - the recording of Guns' N' Roses' _Chinese Democracy_ - One Direction - the presidency of George W. Bush - Minecraft - Justin Bieber's marriage - FNaF - Ryan Ross' tenure in Panic! at the Disco - the length of time when Panic! at the Disco had only 1 member - the length of time between Fall Out Boy's _Folie a Deux_ and _Save Rock and Roll_ - the War on Terror - Club Penguin - almost every pair of jeans I own - every 5 year old in the entire world Feel free to add 😁
We have been waiting for for gta VI  2x longer than the confederacy
If those people who sent you deth threats were that angry, just imagine how angry they'll get when you tell them what happened to the Confederacy! 😶
I find it strange how whenever someone asks why or how slavery is inherently evil in the comments, No one really answers.  “its cus ur owning another person” but how is that bad? they never tell you. American “morals” are funny.
I’m second guessing your POV on this topic after your Fallout video…
Fun fact: the annoying orange channel isnt even dead yet somehow
I see you're sorting by new, dont bother. Unless you like slavery nothing good is down here
you have to be more sour then a dog shit mixed with garlic and onions if you do not support this video.
Fun fact! *Texas* was a country longer then the confederacy. YOU LOST TO A STATE THAT WAS PART OF YOU!
succeed and free trade
this is horrendously incorrect
can you do one mocking the existence of israel? like an israeli saying well god gave it and youre like well god didnt give it balfourd did. and then be like well its because of the holocaust and youre like naah the balfourd declaration made it sure that zionists get palestine before it even was in their hands and hitler was only 18 at that time so it aint because of the holocaust
Then why did the emancipation proclamation only free slaves from southern states?
Me: what exactly makes slavery inherently evil?  People in the comments: yikes! my guy my dude my bro what da frick did you just have a heckin nono thought dude I can’t even right now it’s literally like 2024 try being on the right side of history for once your problematic comment really gave me the ick do better
The Union was also bad folks. The Emancipation Proclamation only freed slaves in Confederate States and Territories the Union did not control. Slave states within the Union and captured Confederate territory were still allowed to practice slavery until after the war ended. Lincoln had journalists imprisoned who questioned his tendency to go around congress and use his powers in ways that were previously considered unconstitutional. Lincoln was also in full support of Sherman’s March which consisted of burning civilian centers and graping the inhabitants. Slaver is bad and it is good it is illegal. However the Civil War wasn’t about slavery. It was about making sure no State ever tries to leave the Union ever again.
Slavery wasn't a good reason to fight a war.
Look up Cassius Marcellus Clay he was the one that strong armed Abraham Lincoln into signing in the Emancipation Proclamation Act just a little fun fact for you it's an interesting read Fat Electrician did a video on him actually  if you got the time highly suggest watching it.
I said it before and I'll say it again, THE WAIT FOR SILKSONG LASTED LONGER THAN THE CONFEDERACY! And I still find that absolutely hilarious!
If you're sorting by new, you've most likely come across a few pro-confederates. I just wanted to point out how despite all agreeing it wasn't about slavery, they can't agree on what it was instead 🤔
Lots of it is in gray, but certain cases its very clearly black and white.
"In 1861 Ohio Representative Thomas Corwin proposed a constitutional amendment prohibiting federal interference with slavery in the states. Congress rejected Crittenden's Compromise, and the states did not ratify the Corwin amendment. Congress was not able to prevent Southern secession and war." And there is very strong evidence that Lincoln himself helped wright it.
This is hilarious. Gonna sub.
“States’ rights to do WHAT?”
You know? As much as I hate and despise the united states and would love to have them divided so that the USA couldn't have fucked the world..   The confedearte still make me sick so no.
This is amazing 😂
The wait for Elder Scrolls 6 is outliving the Confederacy
The confederacy<The United States
Glad Abraham Lincoln Was elected and the north won the war because slavery is bad
Yeah, that's pretty much what the confederacy was.
My starting statement before people jump on me: slavery bad. My next statement, the growing industrial north was essentially bleeding the country south dry and then turned around and said yeah we still want this shit at this quality and quantity but we don’t want it by slaves. Would the civil war have kicked off anyways if there were no slaves involved? Yes.
Mtn Dew Baja Blast has been around for 20 years. A fucking soda has been around for 5 confederacies
Oh, btw. Chinese and Irish people were slaves. So were Jewish people and Native Americans. I don't care about your feelings.
People here get so angry that they'll stalk you. Just for TAKING about this! Slavery is terrible but also state's rights. Ooh wow! Pelt start thinking you prefer slavery.
I had a pet rat that otlived the confederacy by some months
BRING THE GOOD OL BUGLE BOIS WELL SING ANOTHER SONG
I would say this is a straw man argument, but the pro-confederate argument is, in fact, itself made of straw
I'll be honest, idgaf about slavery. Its not like that shit ever got ended, and the fucking home grown commies would rather fight over oil and politics compared to actually stopping human trafficking in modern times.   Either way both sides still support slavery, and neither have the nuts to admit it.
cuidado com o satanas. ele nasceu como homem. em carne e osso . é o trump. me foi revelado anos atras atraves da biblia narrada por cid moreira no youtube.  eu ouvi na voz do cid ele tem uma mecha de cabelo loiro na testa que nao consegue tirar. realmente esse cabelo dele é muito diferente de outros homens e nao muda nunca. ele nasceu dez meses depois da explosao das bombas atomicas de hiroshima e nakasaki . belo castigo ele tem uma das trump toweres com o numero 666. nos estados unidos. seja cauteloso. nao o adore nunca
Doobus with only the hottest of takes what's next sexism bad racism bad were shaking the world here
It’s funny if you think about it. They wanted states rights to force any state that joins them to have slavery so in other words they didn’t actually believe in states rights. That makes them even worse.
can i still keep the flag, the flag isn't that bad of a design
I'm not the most popular streamer (rarely go into the double digits, lol) but if I deep going til december this year, it'll be my 4th anniversary so I'll be therefore stronger than the entire confederacy.
It was states rights to control there own states yeah I get what you mean but not all of the confederacy was for slavery
There is more african slavery now than at the height of the Atlantic slave trade and yes part of the states rights argument was to have slaves no point in denying it, we would still be better off as a confederation of states than this so called free republic which most Americans can’t accept is on its way out and not short enough its imperialistic rule was
As a descendant of Confederates I would like to say WE LOST, GET OVER IT. Also, it is my heritage and I am ashamed of it.
I love that pro America people use the confederate flag it shows that they don't like America at all
I will say this. The south was completely economically dependant on slavery. The north was more industrialized and had more power, relatively speaking. The south did not want to give up slavery since it was pretty much its only thing it had above the north. Culturaly the north and south rucking hate eachother and the balance of power was the only thing keeping the peace.  So uea the Civil War was entirely about slavery but it was also more complicated than that. DO NOT take what I'm saying as support for the south. They completely failed to innovate and spread their industry thus making them dependant on a single resource, that just so happened to be one of the most inhimane institutions on the contenant.  I primarily blame the cotton gin for the rise of slavery in America. Before then it was on its way of pestering out due to it not being profitable. But the cotton gin made it waaay more viable. My heart truely goes out to the inventor. He created it as a labor saving tool with the expressed purpose to remove the need for slavery by requiring less work to produce cotton. But unfortunately it had the liter opposite affect. The man, to say the least, was devastated. And I believe he killed himself (not sure about that last detail, take it with a grain of salt and correct me if I'm wrong.)
Random comment but @beamish wanted to know who I was replying to with a comment. I believe it had something to do with a person asking why slavery was bad (I don’t remember who). I did not directly respond as I have been trying to find the comment thread for most of my natural life.
Crazy to think that an orange with a face that makes dumb sounds has been around longer than the confederacy
i like confederacy but not slavery
Hilarious to see a bunch of losers trying to insult him because he rightfully ridiculed a group (not a nation, I refuse to consider the confederacy one) of traitors who were angry they couldn’t own people.
I wish they would get Shermaned instead.
(this comment explains more in depth why the "states rights" argument is a little goofy) I think the big thing that people forget is that it wasn't just about the right to own slaves by itself. One major secondary reason was that slave owners of the south wanted to bring their slaves to the west and north west states to effectively dominate the labor market, the northern union however had plans to keep the west and northwest open to "white only" labor at the time to boost and bolster the job markets and economy. further the newly formed "republican party" was very heavily in favor of this idea where as the staunchly  "democratic party" led south was not, which caused more issues as the south was claiming (and believed) they where under represented by the American government at the time. this was further backed by the election of Abraham Lincoln who was elected without a single southern electoral vote, which in turn caused the south to believe they had "lost all influence"  the south created the confederacy shortly thereafter as they believed it was the only way to "protect" their ideals and abolish federal laws that they disagreed with (such as the banning of slavery), further from that they realized the war could be used to have a massive territorial expansion. - sources for this comment (PBS history)
Lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery. He only wanted to limit how far it could spread in the country. He for a fact was in favor of the slave trade. WHICH BY THE WAY, the leaders of African countries sold members of rival groups to European private businesses.
While yes, history is not always black and white, there are a considerable number of cases where there is an objectively bad side, the civil war was one of those times where it was black and white
Why do the bad guys get the cool flags
The states rights argument falls flat when in the years leading up to the war the south was happy to impose the fugitive slave act on the north effectively legalizing slavery in free states and replacing popular sovereignty with the Mason Dixon line taking the choice of free or slave out of the hands of territorial residents.
The funny part is that Lincoln wasn't even running on an abolitionist platform, he simply wished to LIMIT slavery and its ability to expand westward. This of course would be the first step in what many imagined would be the slow, gradual death of slavery, but the South was so vehemently against even limiting slavery that they'd rather rip the nation apart through violent warfare than even entertain the idea of giving Lincoln a chance to do anything against slavery.
I'm literally wearing shorts that have lasted longer than the Confederacy
yeah but, 95% didn't own slaves
I don’t agree with this historically but it maybe because I’m from Alabama and was taught differently reducing it down to purely racism is in my opinion ignorant it was absolutely due to slavery but for the states right to choose as stated in the constitution the republicans in the north was very radical at the time while the south was very conservative believing in states rights not to mention all the scuffles between north and south previously slavery was a major economic source in the agricultural south and the abolition of it was seen as a personal attack and violation of the constitution in the south (which it technically was if we are looking at it objectively) so to reduce it to just racism to me is ignorance it’s 1. Economic 2. Political 3. Slavery anyone who says it’s not slavery is coping but anyone who says the south started a war over racism is ignorant and I don’t understand the newest wave of people comparing the confederate states to facism they were not facist they were a constitutional democracy if the south would have won the United States would mostly be the same only with more states operating like independent countries the legislation branch would be a little stronger and presidents would last 6 years with no chance of re-election they were actually more of just conservatives rather than radical by their time period standards but that’s my understanding of the history I’m not defending them I don’t wave the flag personally and I am progressive not conservative but a lot of people get in their feels and are just wrong about the civil war and maybe they are right to I don’t know I just know they are just wrong about it like how people fall for the heroic propaganda of the other wars things are not black and white I know this was kinda a joke but with recent things I guess I just felt the need to express my opinion on it I don’t wanna come off like a confederate fan boy but I guess we are all just taught differently about it
"to what" To ceceade from the union.
I mean there are like 3 things that the confedercy was all about and it goes in a simple order 1. Slavery via the trade and sale of the black peoples  2. Cotton maintained via Slavery (this is why they didn't want to get rid of slavery) 3. The States Right to self Govern witch was surrendered when we lost the civil war Feel free to ask questions
You said in a minute and 30 seconds what took me 16 pages of a high school research paper.
The right to cecede from the union and act more autonomously. If you look at why the emancipation proclamation was made , it was to stop Britain from joining the war on the South's side, because they were ignorant to the horrors the slave owners were committed or even that they really owned them.
After going through my civil war unit I can confirm they basically seceded because of slaves
Im not gringo... But Good ^^
The Wii U's existence technically lasted longer like bro, thats really sad.
The fact that this made me laugh and had the balls to call out "States Rights" bull crap, and that slavery is bad is a magnificent feat.
my mom corrects me when I say "Civil War" and says that "it was The War Between the States or The War of Northern Aggression." we're from Georgia. I want to leave Georgia.
"Very few things in history are black and white" is one of the last lines you want to start talking about anything related to slavery.
The Confederacy is so weak that I outlasted it, I'm much older than 4 years old lol
A states right to secede
Not defending slavery, but many in the south see the flag as a symbol of their pride of being from the south not as symbol of slavery or anything. Also the north was really terrible too if you look into it.
I agree with the video, the sad part is many memorials such as Lee Circle in New Orleans have been taken down. Lee was a great general to the federal government, as well as the Confederacy.
1:06 Annoying Orange
i only use this PFP because im a civil war history buff
W
Union people: "History is written by the victors"    Also Union people: "Civil War was strictly about slavery and racism cause the Union tells me so!"
For the everyday joe it probably was about state rights but the richer who owned the plantations more than likely manipulated the youth to fight for there slave profits and the belief that white people were better, it’s definitely and interesting topic of discussion for history buffs for certain
10/10 I actually used this argument against my cousin
Can we agree that this confederate flag update is better than the other designs? 🏳️
Really?!
Actually the truth about the confederates was that they weren't fighting just to own slaves, they were in fact trying to keep their rights that their ancestors fought so hard to give them and the freedom form Great Britain, that includes slaves. Don't get me wrong I'm glad the North won the civil war, but it is important to realize the truth of the war. They were trying to fight to keep their rights that they had fought for. We all see the confederates as nothing but slave owners, but the truth is that they wanted to keep their freedom and in their eyes the union was trying to take that away from them, while the union saw that everyone deserved their freedom including slaves. And then at the end of the Civil War when slavery was abolished and the United States finally became united both the North and the South both sides would be honored, which is why you see not just Union admirals and general statues, but you see also Confederate statues.
Ask the Union how the black slaves came to the United States. Also ask them how the black slaves became slaves. They hate those questions.
Subbed
Can't believe the wait for Metroid Prime 4 is almost twice as long as the Confederacy's existence.
Union boys hate to be reminded what type of people were in the KKK. They also love to make anything about slavery and "racism".
The south had a legal right to succeed. That was decided so the country couldn't be as authoritarian as England had been. Legally the south was in the right, no debate. Morally they would considered bankrupt by todays standars, and or just below everage morality of the time, if not average. I am personally very glad the North won and slavery was abolosished, but it doesnt make any one a better person if they ignore the whole situation because they need to signal virtue. Slavery is bad, forcing your will on a part of your country you swore not to is bad. There are so many things we can and should learn from the civil war, and reeeeeeing over the facts that might make you look at history as history instead of your favorite bed timenstory only hold yourslef and our weaker brothers in ignorance and immaturity.
The Union is a fascist dictatorship that controls private business and financial institutions. That's a fact.
Most soldiers for the confederacy were too poor to own slaves so they just ended up fighting for elites who wanted them. Many of them were convinced they were being patriotic.
The one with the blue X isn’t even the real confederate flag. The real one looks more like the flag of Georgia(the U.S. state), just without the symbol in the circle of stars.
Abraham Lincoln wasnt going to free slaves. Thats a misconception. However the south feared he would after a long chain of northern "transgressions" aswell as the prevailing sectionalism at the time. Whats funny is that the north wasnt much better than the south their social structure was openly plutocratic and while not rigidly class based your class determined a lot as long as you were in it. Whereas the south funnily enough believed that all men(given they were white) were equal in value to society and had an equally valued opinion in politics and society in general.
The amazing world of FUCKING gumball lasted longer than the confederacy. yes you heard me right, GUMBALL, THE SILLY SHOW ABOUT A BLUE CAT lasted longer than a whole ass nation 💀💀💀
Also the subtitles are hilarious
Blacks need to be expelled from the Union -'yankee who actually had ancestors who fought in the civil war'
In Germany we have simlar Problems. A Lot of people who belive the third reich were a "good" idea. 🙄😑
The Chad CSA (Constitutional Republic) vs The Virgin Union (democracy)
Me whenever im hanging out with some of my buddys (some peopel fly it fully believing some of the white washing, i have friends that do and they are good people  just dumb)
BOTH MY FUCKING FAMILIES WERE ALMOST DESTROYED BY A RETARD DUDE THAT ONLY HAD TROOPS, AND NO EXPIRIENCE NAMED SHERMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE WILL GET YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fun fact
well everyone agrees that its bad now so idk why we aren't allowed to even entertain the idea because of something that happened well before the annoying orange lol
idk man the confederate flag is the symbol for one of the best cars in fiction
Blacks fought in the Confederacy as free men.
And it wasn't the last time Dems called something a right that isn't one either.
There's probably someone's 3ds battery that lasted longer than the confederacy.
A wise man once said "STATES' RIGHTS TO TAKE THIS FAT FUCKIN *L* !"
States rights let us all have freedom and choice. If you don't like what your state is doing; you can move. We're seeing it in real time with the overturning of Roe v. Wade.
By the way, Lincoln abused his control as President. He forced a war to happen. Controlled the press.
Yeah, it is really embarrassing if the annoying orange literally outlived the freaking confederacy but also what most people say, the the rebel flag is a symbol of don’t let people tell you what to do, i’m a Republican, but I’d definitely don’t want slavery and plus slavery was with the Democrats so nothing to do with me
Man this is the cringiest animation Ive ever seen.
Fun fact: The Third Reich lasted three times as long as the Confederacy. Yet you don't hear any German acting nostalgiac of the Nazi past unless they're actual pariahs of society. Maybe Southerners should take Germany's example and stop celebrating evil.
The tamagotchi anime lasted longer than the confederacy as well
State rights to property
Some historians suggest President Lincoln's (Who i just learned has two Ls not one) plan to end slavery was just to contain it so it would die out naturally. Kinda curious how it would of played out if his hand wasn't forced.
I wish i was in the land of cotton old times there are not forgotten, look away, look away, look away, dixie land! Yank!
I'm older the dam traitors, where's my statues of being on a horse and holding a dam saber? Because the only good thing to come out of those chuckleheads was the idea of holding a sword while on a horse  But literally everyone did that so, i wasted your time, but not the time waste in saying im 18 years old
For fun I made a list of things that have lasted longer than the confederacy. Simple put. A lot, a lot of things have. And kept in mind I limited it to everything man made. Nothing natural like mountains or waterfalls. For example  Sponge bob  Coca-Cola  Hershey’s chocolate  Both DC and marvel comics  Sailor moon Disney  Go on, you guy’s try. Remember, nothing from nature.
Nuh uh
The Emancipation Proclamation was  both good and bad. It freed only the black slaves, but it also gave the federal government the idea that it "needs" to bypass the state and county governments. Abraham Lincoln was the first and only Libertarian president.
You should back peddle
The Gold Standard existed but the minimum wage did not. That means people used a currency that can't be printed like paper. And a few percentage of the United States population at the time was actually paid for the work they did. Everyone was a slave. And Russia was the FIRST country to abolish slavery!
0:51
Imagine trying to end slavery and *having a war* because people wanted to own slaves.  Truly an United States moment.
I don’t find slavery to be inherently wrong. Yes, some slaves were abused and mistreated but that makes those things wrong not slavery. So what is it that makes slavery wrong?
stunning and brave
This is a vent post
You Union people believe in made up "human rights". Owning a firearm and a canon is part of the constitution yet you think firearms should be "illegal".
Yes, states that rights do what the real the people who like slave fix yourself
I’m just gonna say, yall don’t know that union officers owned more slaves than confederate ones. The war was not about slavery. It was about states rights and preserving the union.  “sTaTeS rIgHts To dO WhAT?” You may ask, states rights to secede.. states rights to govern themselves.
Is that uncle?
No one here even knows why slavery is bad. They say it's bad but can't explain why. If you can't explain something then how do you really know it?    State's rights.
Sic semper tryannis!
Civil War was bad because War, But Slavery was bad
this vs. "Abraham Lincoln: American Dictator" is one of the battles of historical philosophy
Fun fact: The Halo game series started in 2001 and is still going in 2024 meaning halo as a franchise has outlived the confederacy 5 times over😂
The Union lost the Vietnam war. A so-called "strongest military" was defended by rice farmers.
It was???
So that's why he sided with house
Russia abolished slavery way before the United States did. And yes. There was slavery in Russia.
slavery is bad
To be fair, slavery existed in almost every society at one point.  If slavery-adjacent is all it takes to be against something we'd have to throw out a lot more than just the confederates.  And to be even fairer there were states in the Union that still had slavery.  And to be fair again Lincoln cared more about keeping the union of the states than he did about getting rid of slavery.  His words were along the lines of "I want to get rid of slavery but if it kept the states together I would keep it."  To increase the fairness the Emancipation Proclamation wasn't until 1863, after 2 years of war.  To add fairness to that, it didn't even free the slaves in the border states, only in confederate states.  It was about states rights to have slavery, among other things.
They were fighting for states rights to seceed from the Union but they were only trying to seceed because we were outlawing slavery.  If your gonna do something have a good reason to do it you damn traitors.
So anyway, stay **** blasted because an increasing number of us don't care for your George Floyd optics. *ahem*       DEO VINDICE
Segregation is based, liberals.
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Ride away (ride away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
The Principality of Sealand was founded in September 2, 1967, with a population of 27 (as of 2002) is stronger and is still amongst us to this day. It lasted longer, 56 years as of May 6th, 2024, than a total of 5.5 million Confederate Traitors that lasted for 4 years.
Alright guys sorry I’m late to the *party* but I’m ready to see what this comment section has to offer
If your ok with slavery you could be the nicest guy but  Ur still evil
It lasted longer than the confederacy🤷‍♂️
State's rights to do what?  State's rights to secede.  You dumb 🦆
Honestly, I can understand where the Confederacy itself was coming from, but honestly I think they would be ashamed of their modern-day sympathizers for pretending like slavery wasn't the issue. I mean... their perspective is actually really simple, no matter how unpalatable it is to modern people. The British tried to offer slaves freedom for fighting against the revolutionaries, and this was a reason why the South originally sided with the Union. They were, in fact, promised they could keep them if they sided with the revolution, and that the issue would be left to the states and they'd be given autonomy in this regard. You can argue that this was immoral and the British were in the right, you can argue that it's fine for it to be null and void because it was an immoral agreement in the first place, etc... but it's hard to argue that the Southern slaveholders were wrong to feel that the US had stabbed them in the back by working to end slavery, since it was in fact their support that helped the US become independent.   If it's hard to understand how people could fight for slavery, well... just imagine that we elected someone from PETA president and they forced the farmers to give up all their farm animals with no compensation. Wouldn't those people be angry and up in arms, and then maybe future generations brainwashed by PETA propaganda wouldn't understand how those barbarians ate meat, used animals for work, and kept pets in their homes, etc. Or imagine if communists took over the government and said it was immoral for an individual to own a home, and suggested that real estate shouldn't be anyone's property and all land should be owned in common and used for the good of the people?   If you can imagine getting mad about either of those things, or both of them, then it shouldn't be that hard to understand how someone could defend slavery... you wouldn't feel upset if you invested good money in livestock and then had PETA tell you you're not allowed to have it anymore and you won't be compensated because we've decided that's not okay anymore and you're evil? You wouldn't feel upset if you were a landlord and then the communists call you bourgeoise and say the property you've been maintaining isn't yours because owning property and profiting from it is evil? Like... can people not put aside their disgust for two minutes to understand their perspective without pretending like it was about something else, seriously?
Love that argument, "State's right to do what?"  That's still going on now.  State's rights to keep minorities from voting, state's rights to force women to die if they have complications with their pregnancy, and state's rights to say humans wore blue jeans when they hunted dinosaurs.   And what pride?  Do they proudly say, "HELL YEAH!  We lost the war!"
Turn on captions, trust me
This debate is kinda goofy. Aristocrats would go broke if slavery ended, so they lead succession. The debate of states rights vs federal rights had been ongoing since the very beginning of our nations history. When sentiments to abolish slavery grew, and the population of the north grew fast enough to enforce its will on a federal level over the south, the topics of states rights and of slavery became the same topic. People say its one or the other, but its both. Reminder that the southern states all voted against lincoln and he still won. Would you feel like you are in a system that protects you, when the union was only enacted in the first place given the promise that you would be protected. Thats what the bill of rights was btw. But then the Fed won, and ever since, the Fed has had final say over every choice that should belong to the states as per the bill of rights. Ever since lincoln was shot, the south has been left to simmer in its defunct economy, and is still one of the poorest places in the country, with infrastructure decades behind the north or west coast. Im not pro slavery, but I am pro historical context, and I am pro examining the effects of history.
Only bad thing about the confederacy not winning the war, is that they didn't get to keep that cool ass flag 🤘
get wrecked
The Confederacy was bad, that's an understatement, but we shouldn't gloss over what the US did to the Indigenous people as soon as the war ended "Phew glad we got that slavery business sorted, better get back to that genocide I was working on!"
"but but they had black soldiers" ok slavery is still bad bruh 😭😭😭😭😭
Nah the civil war WAS black and right.
Fun fact: in the past there was no white supremacism, that idea comes in the XVIII century, because slave owners wanted justify his actions  If you go 500 years ago, you will find people hating each other for nationality, religion, ideology but no for races or ethnicity  Anyway, the WWII was a black and white conflict? I mean, there is a hoIoc@u$/ and the axis was actively conquering, but the main allies were not a lot better
I grew up in south Texas and was about as southern as you could get. I also grew up surrounded by people who also pushed the “states rights” excuse, and being the dumb teenager I was, I went along with it. But now, having grown older and wiser, I absolutely will not defend any action the Confederacy has taken to “preserve” their way of life, because it also meant the enshrinement of ownership of other people. It is the type of evil that takes precedence over any other issue that the Confederate States were facing, no matter how legitimate those concerns were.
It is interesting to realize that the origin of the Confederates can be traced backwards in time to a Biblical origin, and even further back to Neolithic Kazakhstan, and to Paleolithic Sunghir Russia.  The Confederates are descendants of Franken German Cananefates (Canaanfaderites, Ham was the father of Canaan, Canaan’s Vader, Cain Vaderites) and descendants of an ancient maritime culture that spread dolmen construction, inherited nobility, paganism, human sacrifice, slavery, and warfare from Northwestern Europe, to Ireland, Britain, the Iberian Peninsula, North Africa, the Black Sea, the Eastern Mediterranean, and throughout the entire ancient world by boat.  The ancient Franken Germans who worshipped the deity Ham were practicing ritual human sacrifice and cannibalism in Herxheim Germany 7,000 years ago.  As these Canaanite farmers colonized Europe and Western Asia, they replaced the male descendants of Anatolian shepherds who constructed Gobekli Tepe and Stonehenge.  This occurred during the rise in power of Egypt, when Hebrew slaves were constructing dolmen, passage tombs, and pyramids for the wealthy elite.  The culture of slavery and violence which the Confederates hoped to “Conserve” led these traitors to begin a war with the United States of America which killed 620,000 Americans. The flag which the Confederates used is an ancient “X” symbol that has been found as Neolithic geo glyphs in Kazakstan.  The descendants of the ancient maritime culture which became the Phoenician Canaanites continue to use this symbol as the Russian Navy ensign, the Scottish flag (Saint Andrew’s saltire), a symbol of Northern Ireland (Saint Patrick’s saltire), a symbol of Spanish Bell Beaker people (the Cross of Burgandy), the flag of Jamaica (named for Jameh), the flag of Florida, and the flag of Alabama (named for Elo Ba’al Hamae, or EloBa’Ama).  The Bahamas are also named for the Canaanite deity Ba’al Hamas.
Implying the republic isn't?
Yet another dumbass pseudo-intellectual who thinks the Confederacy wanted to keep slavery because they liked having slaves. The South's economy relied heavily on agriculture, which did not generate nearly as much income as the North's industrialized economy. I am drastically dumbing it down because you need a novel to dive down that rabbit hole.  Acknowledging the issues ran deeper than just slavery is not the same as advocating for slavery.  Fun Fact: This video was made possible by what is essentially modern slave labor.
People who side with the Union have no clue that the black slaves were left to live in ghettos. Even up until the 1990s, black american citizens were born into ghetto neighborhoods. The Union people also don't know about the IRS or the income tax! The Union for a fact freed the slaves ONLY to get a guaranteed win during the civil war. If the Union could win the war without freeing the BLACK slaves, the Union would have taken that route.
Yeah all of your points or concerns or arguments should immediately go out the window the second you support anything along the lines of owning another person
You have no idea how big of a help you are rn. I have a term paper due in a few days, one of the topics is THIS very topic. I cannot thank you enough!!!
General Grant of the Union Army of the Potomac, was spot on describing the Confederates. He simply put that, “they were Americans that had gone astray.”   He didn’t hate them. Because they were still our countrymen, nonetheless. Lincoln argued that the Union is a perpetual thing. Basically saying that not only was secession unconstitutional. But ludicrous in a lot of ways.
GTA Online lasted longer than the Confederacy!
well thecnicaly it slavery was decided not on a federal level than many other things too could be that way. but even then its still state rights to own slaves, and maybe otherthings in the future
I'm not from america and i always wondered what this flag even ment, But i never delved into it because i didn't give enough shit  Thank you, lime broccoli person, for explaining everything there is to know
I looked through my family history, and my great x3 grandfather fought for the Confederacy until he saw what slavery really looked like. He switched sides and fought with the Union until the war ended.
States right's to secede from the union.
0:39 fun fact, south Carolina Seceded *before* lincoln even took office!
Based
Fun fact one of my great ancestors was actually stonewall Jackson… I am afraid to say I am not joking when I say this
You would not like east ky
If it's so gray why are you defending what is not clearly righteous?
Secession... the north didnt want to allow the south to Secede along with voiding the right for states to do so...
"The fucking annoying orange lasted longer than the confederacy dude." Such words have never been so horrifying.
Secede
*John Brown noises intensify*
Me bullying my history professor father:
Calling him a traitor is classic 😂
Somebody needs to show this to Razorfist because this is something he apparently cannot understand, he should stick to entertainment, not history and politics (I'm an undergraduate in history btw).
the north expected an entire group of people whose lives depended on slavery to commit economic suicide. If u can agree the north actually fucked up their handling of relations with the south and offered ZERO offers of industrializing it and offering an ethical substitute, then theres no argument. The North basically told the South KYS and people are shocked that they hit back hard. yada yada slavery is wrong, dont be surprised slave drivers fight back.
Fun fact the main reason North Carolina was a part of the confederates was because they wanted to stay neutral but Lincoln asked them for troops
Ironic that when abraham lincoln was elected, he initially had no intention of freeing slaves during his presidency, despite his abolitionist beliefs. He would only begin outwardly supporting them after the battle of Gettysburg and when he made the EP. The South was essentially fear-mongering that he was gonna remove it when he had no intention of doing it.  And people still believe the Confederacy was a nation that should be respected
The first jjba timeline lasted over 100 years, and its manga lasted for 16 years before SBR  Jjba, both irl and in the canon, lasted longer than the confederacy
It was also because they couldn't just close ranks and force Congress to do or not do whatever they wanted anymore, as evidenced by the fact that they ALL voted against Lincoln but he still won. Of course, you already know what they wanted and/or didn't want.
Basicly the american revolution is all because of Tea
Hey, the north had slaves too right? And the emancipation proclamation kept those slaves from being free I think. If this is horrifically wrong willing to hear!
That annoying orange got me lol
main things i see from it being gray is that the north was only *slightly* better then the south, with lincoln himself not caring about the slavery part of it until later down the war, and his odd opinions about putting a certain race out into certain colonial things...  but yeah the south was basically rebelling to keep slavery lol  despite the fact if they hadnt rebelled they woulda kept it for longer
I live in South Georgia and I can confidently say the confederacy was nothing more than evil traitors
Don’t be so simple minded. Most of the Union soldiers could care less about slaves and the treatment of blacks.
Damn a whole lot of sore losers be roasting you.
i like how this video genuinely upset people.
“I felt like anything rather than rejoicing at the downfall of a foe who had fought so long and valiantly, and had suffered so much for a cause, though that cause was, I believe, one of the worst for which a people ever fought, and one for which there was the least excuse.” General U.S Grant’s thoughts after Lee’s Surrender
Pro-confederates keep in mind, Lincoln despite his personal views was not against slavery, he was against the expansion of the "peculiar institution"
Christians do the exact same shit and I hate it
statesrightstodowhat
What's the song
Well, I'm not a Neo-Confederate and anything else, but I can refute almost all of this.  First, I want to address the Alexander H Stephens quote. Indeed, he was a brutal racist and Davis was a racist aswell. But, what you have forgot to mention is that Abraham Lincoln was a racist aswell. Here's a Abraham Lincoln's quote: "My objective in this war was to preserve the Union, if I could savethe Union without setting any negro free, I would do it". In addiction, Lincoln had friends that were slaveholders and made racist jokes of his time. He also even studied the possibility of abolishing slavery by deporting black people back to Africa. You are very innocent if you believe Lincoln fought to free slaves and figth the southern racism. Lincoln was a abolicionist for political and economic reasons. Because Lincoln cared more with consumer market than slave manpower, that is , he didn't care about setting slaves free. In addiction, Lincoln only proclaimed the emancipation law in 1863 because he was afraid of Great Britain and France to meddle into the war on the southern side, when he abolished slavery, the european coutries started to see this war as a "war against slavery". But, the slavery was only abolished on the states that were on the Confederate side, but Lincoln allowed Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland and Delaware to keep their slaves and practice slavery until the end of the war, the very last state in US to abolish Slavery was Delaware, slavery was abolished ther in December  1865, months later of the end of the Civil War. Another thing, the North commited war crimes against the Confederate people and Lincoln was not only a racist but a genocider, because in 1864 during his government, Union troops slaughtered indians in the Dakota massacre.   And about the part the cowboy talks about the "heritage" and you roasts the country that he wants back, are ridiculous, because your American heritage is a sh!t aswell. Because whereas CSA only wanted to preserve slavery, your United States of America killed at least: 100 millions of people. Maybe the Confederate heritage is better and less racist than the American heritage, because the US war crimes and crimes against humanity are countless. Don't believe in me? Here's why you should be ashamed of you "American heritage" or "pride":  Indian genocide; Dirty imperialism; Coward agressions to Mexico and Spain; Phillipinian Genocide; War crimes on WWI; Nukes on Hiroshima and Nagasaki; War crimes on South Korea; Blockade in Cuba; Massacre of My Lai; Bombings on Laos; Coward agression to Iraq; Embargo in Cuba still exists; KKK still exists; Incompetent and senile president;  At last. You calls the Confederates as traitors and rebels, but you forget that you are a traitor aswell. US were British colonies that declaered independence and they united themselves to form the US. But the patriot revolutionaries and the Confederate army had one thing in common: They had a weak army. But apart of Confederacy, the patriots won the Revolutionary war because they were supported by France, Netherlands and Spain. If it weren't for that, Rule Britannia woud have been displayed by the ending of this video.  One last thing, it's so unfair when people compares Confederacy with the N@zis. But if you are humble enough to analyze the facts above, you will realize that the Star Spangled Flag of the American Union jack are way more N@zi than the Southern Cross.
The state’s rights argument is like pointing out the different types of pediphilia yeah there’s differences, but in the end it’s all bad so it doesn’t matter.
the fuck do you mean 8.6k dislikes
Fanboy and Chum chum lasted for 5 years (2009-2014) which means that FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM outlived the confederacy.
Conservative Democrats made the confederate flag. (Edit: States fact -> People get pissed and confused unable to deny history. PS> I hate both parties, this is just a fact.)
as a dixie boy, i understand, that i must mind my uncle sam
After 159 years, "each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his uncle sam" still goes hard
Disappointed that I grew up in a state where confederate flags are really common. Hell, my uncle even had one.
Fucking Big Mouth lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Part of the Confederacy's "states rights" arguments was in full hypocrisy mode because they were mad that Pennsylvania was claiming they had the right to not enforce the Fugitive Slave Act.  Their concern over states' rights to self-govern only seemed to apply to certain states, just like how they only wanted certain people to have rights at all.
I couldn’t look through the whole comment section because I have a life but I legitimately did not see a single confederate sympathizer actually answer the fucking question.  “States rights to do what?”
Bro what about the natives, my folk don’t even get a mention 😭
My Language Arts teacher mentioned this
States rights to decide their own laws and taxes. There were plenty of slaves in the North that were still slaves by the end of the war. Emancipation proclamation was basically saying to slaves in the South that if they rebelled against their opressors they would not be punished. Basically, Lincoln gave slaves a license to kill, pillage and rape without fear of punishment IF they won the war. Guess who were left behind when men left for war? Women, children and old folks. Slavery in the US was deemed far harsher in the North by Europeans who by that time abolished slavery in their own countries without violence. The worst place to be a slave in the US was New Jersey.  Sherman used Southern slaves to build bridges to move across the South faster. Then demolished said bridges behind his soldiers leaving slaves to either die for being traitors to the South or succumb to elements after they literally durn down towns. And he burned towns that had very few slaves or no slaves at all. Not even getting into details of how few people owned slaves in the South and how higher number and proportion of slaves fought for the Confederacy than for the Union.  War started because Lincoln was taxing South to death, abusing his executive authority, provocated them with warships and soldiers where they were not supposed to be.   Also, succection started before Lincoln, Abe escalated it into a civil war. He was a terrible president from any point of view: he was in favor of centralised bank and printing money, he was against audits of said money, he suspended habeas corpus, he silenced his opposition in the press, he beat and jailed people protesting against his administration, he provoked confederates into a war, he micromanaged that war and lost his own side many battles and people. Confederates were not good faction but saying Lincoln was a good (or even honest) president is like saying FDR or Woodrow Wilson were good presidents.  Sure, he "saved" the Union but he perverted it in every meaningful way to be pollar opposite to what American founding fathers (except possibly Hamilton) intended: centralised authority of federal government superseding state authority. I'm from territories of the former USSR so I have no stake in seeing "South rising again" or whatever bullshit one wishes to pin on me but I care about truth. And truth is not very kind to Honest Abe and his flock before, during or after Civil War.
My ongoing virginity lasted longer than the confederacy!
It’s not that I’m for the Confederacy but like… maybe a ton of things lasted longer because there was nothing to destroy it? Memes, games, and franchises are different from a whole damn country.
my history teacher is like the states rights guy. he said john brown killed slaves i am not joking he tried playing devils advocate to slaveowners
For a project I had to be on the Confederate side,lots of racist stuff But we won!
0:39 He wasn't even going to abolish slavery when he was first elected. They just thought that he might abolish slavery, despite him saying he wouldn't, and then dipped. Which bit them in the ass because, after they lost the Civil War, the first states that had slavery completely abolished was all the former Confederate states.
I once saw my grandparents flying the confederate flag, which really says something when I'm Canadian
I want "States rights to do what!?" On a T-shirt.
The only thing wrong here is Lincoln genuinely a POS that dragged his heels on freeing thebslaves and only did so when they practically twisted his arm to do it. Honestly everything about his presidency is scummy when you actually look into it.  That aside, eat shit, southern Boi
I think you used the wrong Confederate flag, 🏳 is the real flag
The problem is we act high and mighty about how slavery is bad. In the meantime we’ve fallen into mass consumerism partly fueled by modern slavery in countries like China.  Like if slavery is so bad, how are we so capable of ignoring modern slavery just so we can get (near-)free items on Temu?
(Not so fun) fact: Racism didn’t stop when the north won.   :(
Why are people getting 3 to 7 likes within hours of commenting? On a 9 month old video? Someone is bot farming 😂
Nah man your intro lost me I can actually hold that convo
Now this is a hot take.
I SWEAR- I LIVE NEAR A HOUSE THAT HAS THE FLAG- OMFG-
_“You can’t own another dude my guy, that’s hella gay.”_ - Abraham Lincoln probably idk I didn’t do the reading
I find it hilarious that these self-proclaimed "patriots" support a group that threatened to split the country in two. The Confederacy was the enemy of the United States. If you still celebrate it all these years later, you're not patriotic. You're a traitor, and all your claims of patriotism are just virtue signaling. Especially since many of them constantly dream of succeeding from the union to this day. Do you love America or do you wish the Confederacy won so you'd still be living in it? You can't have it both ways. Either admit you're a traitor or STFU.
the entire run of part 8 of Jojo's bizarre adventure is THREE TIMES the fucking time the confederacy existed GET REAL
CHECKMATE LINCONITES
Cheems the meme also lasted 12 years than the confederacy.
Ohhhh Away down South in the land of traitors, Rattle snacks and alligators, Right away, right away, Right away, right away, right away, Where cotton’s king and men are chattels, Union boys will win the battle! Ride away, ride away, Ride away, ride away, ride away!  WE’LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE, AWAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Even the Great Pyramids have lasted longer than the Confederacy!
As a confederate, I find this this video hilarious and amazing! 😂
Every time this grazes my screen I immediately click. Nothing brings me more enjoyment
Even my hero academia lasted longer than the confederacy😂
0:46 this could make a horror short film at least
I used this video and the sources in the description for a US history final. Thank you, Goobus.
Just stick to comedy instead of politics, man.
Both things were/are bad, if you "support" either side, then you're missing the point. Maybe I'm just a slavery fan idk
Like, and just so we're all clear, the north and south of that time would have literally teamed up to fight against what america today has become.  So maybe watch the "traitor" langauge, blud. Not everyone was a traitor.
Its probably very funny to the mid wit lefties in the audience to strawman and just slander the other side like this.  But as someone who actually likes to, you know, think freely, its not that amusing.  (Coming from a mixed person, because apparently that needs to be states)  Like i dare this mf to do an abortion one, without strawmaning. Blud cant do it.
The argument that many are making is not so much that you should be granted the right to enslave another, just that the government stepped in and squashed the authority of the states. Which might not be a great precedent to set.
"So weak the annoying orange outlived it" I'm dead. It's so true, it's so true, lol. I was surprised this orange little ball was still around when I looked up like six months ago...
You know what else outlived the Confederacy? Slenderman. The Confederacy was outlived by SLENDERMAN.
Multiple YouTube channels have outlasted the confederacy
Someone fix YouTube, I can't hit like enough times!
my cat has been alive longer than the confederacy
i cant believe the annoying orange is older than the confederacy
Fun fact: disgraced confederate president Jefferson Davis was caught trying to flee to Mexico disguised as a woman. So when push came to shove even the head of the Confederacy wasn't willing to die for his beliefs. He was just willing to let others die.
Wow you used to be cool         But now you're cooler
Lincoln wasn’t going to abolish slavery when he first got elected
There's a taco bell menu item that existed longer than the confederacy
this is every confederate player in war of rights
Did you really just make an entire strawman argument animation LOL
I was gonna make a comment on how much of a cold take the title is but then I remember the internet exists and there are actual people that genuinely get on it to defend and continuously support this shit and now I feel disappointed
Based as hell
The only “ok” thing with the confederacy was Dixie land (their little theme song that makes you forget that their whole thing is slavery)
Dumb kid that made this I bet your one of those kids that wear a mask and lay on the ground protesting on college campuses
You know, if you don't count the shows that lasted for exactly 1 season, it's hard to name TV shows that *didn't* outlast the confederacy
"The Annoying Orange lived longer than the Confederacy" is the most horrendous roast ever
Why is "sherman didnt go far enough" gone now?
A state's right to secede, duh.
This shit becoming the new "The Earth is Flat" controversy is just disappointing
It's been so long since the conceded act fell that (if'n  ya do the maths) it could be created and destroyed 40 times over. (2024-1864=160 160/4=40) Get bent.
you are wrong, not funny
You cannot tell me the Civil War was grey it was black and white the USA was good and the Confederacy was evil
We had a whole 50 minute lecture about The Lost Cause pamphlet and how it was all sorts of wrong. This man managed to summerize that entire lecture in 1 minute amd 23 seconds
The actual main problem was the North siphoning wealth away from the southern states using their voting power. Contrary to popular belief, southerners were not actually all that wealthy on average and less population dense. Therefore holding less power in the US govt at the time. A precious few owned slaves at all and even fewer had more than one. In the vast majority of cases, the only slave a family would own would be a house slave who would be the nanny, cook, and maid. More often than not having the great privilege few citizens in general shared of being taught to read and write. The Northern states still did have some slaves and people generally had the same views on them as a whole. Abolitionists were not as common as we are led to believe. Akin to modern libertarians in their percentage of the population. Slavery as a whole was somewhat of an outdated idea at the time and was on the downturn. At least when it came to plantations. Not even mentioning the other ways Lincoln wiped his butt with the Constitution, his most seething piece of evidence is his quote where he said that if he could keep the union and not free the slaves, he would. He isn't the good guy. He was a tyrannical dictator who had a fancy hat. The Confederacy is only seen as evil today because they lost. Had they won, it would likely be a similar story to America where a country won independence. If the US lost in the 1770's, we would be speaking in English accents talking about how terrible those pesky colonialists were and how we should stop idealizing an evil uprising that risked the great United Kingdom *teacup clink*
You sound like barry b Benson at 1:02
Literally the only good thing the confederacy did was make the first good American country song and even then the parody is better
Methinks goobus knows nothing about the civil war.
i dont support confederate ideals, however, during the time before the whole civil war America's economy was better than it ever was or has been due to slave labor.
Tf2 hasn't received a major update for almost 6 years Valve didn't give a shit about the game longer than the state
I grew up in Alabama seeing the rebel flag, Blessed Be.
If I ever meet a lost causer again, I'm just going to play this and then walk away.
… and yet, the Union didn’t abolish slavery until after the war. The last states where slavery was legal were all Union states. Hypocrite much? In any case, given what we’re seeing these days, I’m perfectly ok with people owning their own patio primates. In what way have they made the country better since they were freed and given equal rights?  13% of the population is responsible for. 60% of the homicides 55% of felony assaults 37% of mass shootings  I could go on.
Inaccuracy detected  Lincoln didn’t want to abolish slavery he just didn’t want it to expand into new states
Fun fact. It was written into the Confederate constitution that the Confederate states weren't allowed to ban slavery. So they didn't have the "right" to have slavery, they were _required_ to have slavery. So the whole "states rights" argument is bullshit from the get-go.
Remember, virginia is still asking for their Gettysburg flag from Minnesota
Evil or not the union was bleeding the economy from the south dry. I'm not a confederate defender by any means but the union was still a bunch of tools.
5 Years isnt "heritage".
I like how there are dumb people in the south who try to defend the flag as it being a representation of the South. And I'm saying you don't need a flag that represents the South specifically You have a flag that represents the nation of North America the US flag. That flag that you're defending was a specific flag that represented the South when it was trying to secede from the union and the basis of their succession was because they disagreed about slavery. Yes there were other things but that was the crux of the reason they wanted to separate. So that flag represents their ideals at that time which was one of being in defense of slavery.
Damn Democrats.
down with the eagle and up with the cross
How did it take me THIS long to notice you used Clone High's Abe design?! Fucking awesome.
my teacher tried saying this in my high school history class. edit for clarification: the states rights is why we had the civil war
Based video
I love when people pretend that the civil war wasn't about slavery cause I get to read them all those succession letters the Confederacy sent out to formally succeed which like 80 percent are like we are doing this for slavery.
I hate america anyway (I’m American)
"Fucking TRAITOR"  Beautiful.
Industrialization is far more effective than slavery ever could be.
its even funnier because the stupid X-Star flag they use wasnt even fucking the actual confederacy flag, it was some battle flag that was used like 3 times or something
Based.
I know the confederacy was bad, but what does the Annoying Orange have to do with the Civil War?
The south shall rise again.
doobus has outlived the confederacy
states right to force their will on other states
100% yes! XD
DOOBUS GOOBUS is the Best teacher I am singlebraincell
"HUUUUUR STATES RIGHT TO WAT" to secede you dunce. Ever hear of the Corwin amendment? Which would've made slavery a constitutionally protected right if the Confederacy rejoined the union? Yeah it was rejected because it didn't address the real issue of why the Confederacy seceded.
this is without a doubt the dumbest video to be made on the subject.
fun fact; the manga One Piece has been running for ~6.6x the total duration of the Confederacy.
The Neon Genesis Evangelion waifu war lasted longer than confederacy times 6,
"It is the nature & essence of a compact that it is equally obligatory on the parties to it, and of course that no one of them can be liberated therefrom without the consent of the others,... Applying a like view of the subject to the case of the U. S. it results, that the compact being among individuals as imbodied into States, no State can at pleasure release itself therefrom, and set up for itself." - James Madison
_"When any one state in the American Union refuses obedience to the Confederation by which they have bound themselves, the rest have a natural right to compel them to obedience. Congress would probably exercise long patience before they would recur to force; but if the case ultimately required it, they would use that recurrence."_ -- Thomas Jefferson, January 24, 1786
"If any state in the union will declare that it prefers separation with the 1st alternative, to a continuance in union without it, I have no hesitation in saying ‘let us separate.’  I would rather the states should withdraw, which are for unlimited commerce & war, and confederate with those alone which are for peace & agriculture.  I know that every nation in Europe would join in sincere amity with the latter, & hold the former at arm’s length by jealousies, prohibitions, restrictions, vexations & war."  -Thomas Jefferson to William H. Crawford, June 20, 1816
What "other concerns"??? XD They never actually clarify that one either. Not that it matters. But like...NAME ONE! XDD Also, these are the SAME people who insist that it's the Democrats who supported and fought to keep slavery....while simultaneously waving the Confederate flag and screaming "Heil Trump" soooooo...Make it make sense!
Free Dixie
Self-governancy, states right to that. Now go back to fucking attack your straw-man.
I'm not from the US but stay mad traitors
Tbh I dont mind slavery - Random ahh black person
Naw the south was right we love cheaper land and cheaper labor imagine McDonald's worker get just 20 cents a hour not 20  Dallobs
Anyone still defending the Confederacy are objectively either just woefully ignorant or just straight up evil.
Confederacy was bad m'kay
Very exciting to see a YouTuber covering something like slavery. The mainstream media and modern politicians don't lampoon on this specific, localized period of slavery enough; the fact that every other country in the world owned slaves doesn't matter, true bravery in media is having the courage to educate people that the Confederate states of America were pro slavery 250 years ago. Hats off to you sir
Next year, I'll be on hrt as long as the Confederacy had last.
The video claims the confederacy was wrong because it’s evil but it can’t give a reason for it being evil.
"By the way, could you answer my question you fucking traitor?"
John Brown's body lies a-mouldering in the grave, his truth goes marching on!
They did not just want slavery, but they wanted Racism. There is a difference: Not all slavery is Racism. All Racism is Slavery. All racism is also genocide, == mass murder to hide organized theft and forced labor WITHOUT JUSTIFICATION. Slavery (before 1400) was not based on the genocidal-economy lies of Gomes-Eanes-de-Zurara, and many ancient laws, regarding slavery, allowed for Slaves to regain freedom, where a racist-genocide by design does not allow for that. Racism did not exist before 1400, because Gomez made it up, because Gomes-Eanes-de-Zurara wanted to abduct people to work them to death on sugar plantations, so he lied to a lot of greedy people. Too many idiots still love that Lie, even though we know that it is  all 100% a Lie.
Its like when people praise ww2 german tanks, sure you had better armor but... Whose flag still flies?
State's Rights to Secede
Sherman was right 😂
The Union Forever, lmfao
Like honestly. 5 years! Only 5 years... 😂
Well, you are a goofy doofus.
The bit about the annoying orange 😂😂😂😂
it's funny to me how libshits get so patriotic all of a sudden about this. shouldn't Lincoln also be labeled a traitor for betraying the constitution?
To this day I'm honored that one of my first ancestors that moved to Texas, went back North to fight for the Union once the War of Southern Aggression started.
This was so amazing. Small correction though Lincoln wasn’t going to abolish slavery at first, just ban it out west. Lincoln always felt that our founding fathers wanted slavery to slowly die and not expand, which is what they wrote about nonstop especially in their older years. It’s why Jefferson outlawed the slave trade. But Lincoln saw what they wanted didn’t happen instead it kept expanding westward and growing! And so he wanted to reverse that. Elected and boom the south is shooting at northern troops in Charleston. They were threatened by the mere possibility of slavery possibly maybe not expanding westward anymore which means who knows maybe in 50 years free states will have enough power in congress to outlaw slavery maybe.
The right to succeed from the union was still built into the constitution regardless of your feelings on what it was used for.
State's right to secede. Seceding was a thing planned out in the constitution if i state wanted to leave the union. Ending slavery in the US was something that needed to happen, but we did lose other; less horrific rights, after the Civil War
I once heard someone claim that just because the Vice President said it was about slavery doesn’t mean it was. So true. After all, who is more unqualified to state the values of the confederacy than one of its founding officials and second in command?
I can’t lie though that Dixie song slaps. I don’t like the confederacy though
Reading the comments I can tell a lot of you havent ever talked to someone who supports the flag being able to exist. The reason the Confederacy existed is because the way the Tax system was setup. The Federal government chooses where federal funds goes. Which at the time theyre using a lot of federal funds on roads that lead across northern states. And the southern ones wanted more. They didnt get more. Slavery had always been a issue but Lincoln pushed for the end of slavery near the end of the war to win the war. Beforehand Lincoln was wishy-washy on slavery despite personally being against it. But again anyone whos pushing for something that is deemed radical at the time isnt gonna state "I am 100% for or against this" If they want both sides to vote for it. Politics is a messy system. Do I personally support the Confederacy? No. Do I support peoples right for the confederate flag to exist? Yes. I support people having the right to make bad Choices. I also understand that Taxes was a major issue in the Civil War. That only the Confederate supporters Or Independents will address.
This video would've blown up in 1860s but you're making a video about a thing everybody knows about
Worst part was the main motivation to abolish slavery was because it hurt us economically. It wasn't entirely out of morality for many to fight the confederacy
The confederacy bearly lasted two times longer than the NFT era.
The civil war wasnt fought to end slavery at the beginning. Lincoln wanted the country united like in our name, but people were like no. It wasnt until he was reelected and help from fredrick douglas that the civil war should be about freeing slaves. Lincoln care more about keeping the country united then freeing slaves. The south was just fucking paranoid and went over board with there shit
I think the confederacy mostly wanted freedom, they really didn’t know any better sadly but we need to understand that this translates into modern politics, republicans want more freedom and democrats don’t want them to get too crazy? Am I the only one who recognizes this?
Greetings traveler, it appears you are viewing comments by Newest, I can only wish you the best of fortune on the perilous journey looking through a flurry of stupidity and ratios that await your travels.
And now we're back to states' rights again but this time it's abortion
The time between the original release for gta5 and gta6 lasted longer and has had a bigger impact on culture and heritage than the confederacy. As did the furry fandom, the lgbtqia community, pokemon, fortnite, disney, covid, taylor swift (all of this has either had an impact or lasted as long if not longer)
Confederation is not traitorous. What fucking biden is doing with these open borders and practically PAYING people to come here, is TRAITOROUS
Some of them but they will disagree
The confederate flag is slavery and southern hatred but the rednecks and cowboys use the flags
The Confederacy was indeed bad but the whole "Only existed for 4 years so [insert random institution/pop culture item that lasted longer] is more significant" (I've seen gay marriage most often) is a stupid argument. There are times in history that are short but incredibly impactful. The 9/11 attacks occurred on a single day and we still talk about being in a "post-9/11 era". Over 600,00 people died and over 3 million people served in the Civil War, with both being proportionally higher in the Confederacy. Everyone in the country either participated or knew someone who fought and/or died in it. Southern "it's our heritage" people often have the personal connection of their great grandfather or other relation having fought. The issue is they have a hard time accepting that they fought to preserve slavery and accept all the post-facto excuses and re-framing as brave freedom fighters that have been made over the decades since.
I'm not trying to be mean or anything but the confidencey was cool not because of slavery but because they are more interesting than the Yankees
States rights. Cope
A minor correction, Lincoln wasn't an abolitionist, at least not at first. He wanted to prevent the expansion of slave-states into the territories. He had no initial plans for immediate abolition where slavery currently existed. That was enough for the slave-states. They knew if they couldn't expand into further territories and acquire more slave states, an anti-slavery and increasingly abolishionist north would outvote them in congress and eventually abolish the institution of slavery.
The south will rise again
States' rights to ignore Federal policy where it conflicted with the choices of the people that state represented. If you were in Kentucky and everyone in Kentucky rode horses and depended on horses for their entire economy and the Federal government said horses were abolished, just because a bunch of people in Washington decided they wanted to make more money from cows, States' Rights would have superceded the Federal mandate. The Right of States to govern themselves in part was what kept the Federal government small and only in times of war would the Federal call for all to stand together. That was one of the checks and balances that has since been destroyed. Biden or Trump, doesn't matter which side you're on presently, I'm sure everyone can agree that the place you live and the people immediately surrounding you should have more of a say on what happens immediately surrounding you than someone sitting in an office in DC.
States rights to punish abortion.
This is a good show of black and white
I hate the very disingenuous "rights to do what" argument. How about: 1.) The states right Suceed  2.) To manifest their own destiny 3.) The right to live freely without overwhelming economic pressure from states that wanted to piggy back off of their labor "especially after a war was fought over this nearly 100 years prior" 4.) The right to rebel against a tyranical government. 5.) The right to defend themselves against said government   Just to name a few! The Union had zero concern for the liberation of slaves until 1863 (more than half the war later) when Lincoln put into effect the Emancipation Proclamation "which only made it illegal to practice slavery in the SOUTHERN STATES), where as slavery would remain in practice in the North for nearly a decade after the war.  Im definitely not "defending" the absolutely despicable act of owning another human, but im also not going to lie to myself or others and pretend that the war was primarily focused on slavery (which it definitely wasnt). Nor would I pretend even for a second that the union gets to champiom themselves as "liberators".
"The confederacy didn't want to be oppressed by the north." I can't believe people can say that without any self awareness.
"very few things in history are black and white."   True, but slavery was, by definition, black and white.
Straw man
Oh ooooh, I took APUSH so I'm slightly qualified to give a somewhat decent answer: it's complicated. There were a lot of reasons why the Civil War happened though slavery is the biggest reason, just not in the way you'd think.   You see, the northern states focused on industry and trade while the southern states focused on farming. Coming off of the industrial revolution, the north had a massive glowup while the south was relatively the same. Each side played to their strengths to make the most money possible, but the use of slavery in the south didn't reflect well on the country seeing as slavery was kinda falling out of fashion (so to speak) with the main European nations. So the north wanted to demolish slavery, partially to improve trade and partially to undermine the south and gain greater politcal power overall. The south meanwhile had very little industry and couldn't really get rid of slavery without crippling their economy.  Side note: I don't condone slavery nor do I want to necessarily paint the south in the best light. They definitely would've also try to take more power from the north if the situation was reversed. Doesn't change the fact that the union didn't really do a lot to help the south after the war nor try to prevent the war in the first place. Both sides were at fault and the union shouldn't get pity points for stopping slavery when they went about it in the worst way possible.   Also that's just barely scratching the surface of the how and why of the Civil War. Nobody had good intentions, none of them were heroes, none of them were villains, and the majority of the Confederate soldiers were just poor farmers brought into a war they didn't ask for. Just like thousands of conflicts in human history.
D&D 4th Edition lasted longer than the Confederacy did.
The Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy did.
Neither the union or the confederates were the good or bad guys, they weee both awful and wrong, the union for ignoring and selective enforcement of rules and regulations that every state agreed too(states rights if you want to call it) and the confederacy for slavery.   Slavery would have probably died out at that point soon anyway, it was a bad for economics, was bad moraly and was already viewed bad by most people in the south, it was vastly unpopular and simple activism would have done the trick. Plus, the only reason why it really existed was for cotton, cause everyone at the time wanted cotton, that would have been automated a bit more later on, aswell as the invention of synthetic fibers would have also made a dent in that, and a very very very big one.  But your only wiser after all of this shit happened, no one back then could have really forseen any of this.
I think the states rights were to suppress other people’s human rights
Bro ive played destiny 2 longer than the confederacy existed  DESTINY 2
Wait is this shit an actual debate there in the usa? Is there people deffending the south?
0:34 0:36
As much fun as this is for the ADHD folks, do continue the studies because it’s not that Abraham wasn’t a GIGAchad, but rather that the slavers are today’s democrats.
Well then that settles it. We shall build statues of the Annoying Orange! Oh, and Fred too, since he also lasted longer than the Confederacy.
The Confederacy were Democratics
The unglamorous truth is that it was mostly about banking, and the push to abolish slavery was also mostly about banking and the creation of an income tax.   Unfortunately, there was never a hardline war of ideologies where half of everyone stood up to do the right thing, and half of everyone was super evil.  Instead, everyone on both sides was super greedy, and some people on one side noticed that if you pay all the workers instead, and then skim some money off the top of everyone's check you could get a shitload of money fast. The other greedy people on the other side figured "whatever we'll just keep ALL the money" because they hadn't done the math to realize that they could in fact be taking an even bigger portion if there was more economic activity, which they could create by treating human beings as though they were actually human beings.   I really wish that it was just about doing the right thing, but the truth is it's just more profitable to let the slaves believe they're getting compensated fairly.
Slavery was bad because they brought so many blacks to America and didn't castrate them, look at saudi Arabia no blacks, they love god (wrong interpretation but the same one) and women have no rights.
SLAVERY IS BAD AND WILL ALWAYS BE EVIL  The thing is that the confederacy was the rich plantation owners war.  Most people really didn’t care but had to fight on behalf of plantation owners who were really the only ones to benefit by keeping slavery.   The south had little industry outside of perhaps Virginia and Atlanta and the north was STRAIGHT BUSSIN.  Though Lee and Davis were good (objectively outside the slavery thing) leaders there’s no way the south could or would have won. And good riddance.
The south had a right to property granted my the founding fathers.
It was because of a sloppy secession. The secession was almost exclusively about slavery, but if they had agreed to what property was for who (Fort Sumter) the "civil war" wouldnt have started. The north had no intention of going south to free the slaves, and the south had already secured slavery in its borders through the secession. Only reason Lincoln instigated tensions during the 8 month period of the stand off at Sumter was to start a war to reunify the union and only freed the slaves because it was a perennially divisive issue.
Thank you so much. We need to get em good on this one. Replacement theory my ass.
you know not all slavery is racist, the best kind is where everyone is a slave to the state/corporation equally
Shit knda funny ngl
Now who sent the 8,3k dislikes 💀
Confederates and the Taliban. An unlikely combo but something I want to see. God… I am worried the confederates will convert to Islamic extremism and ruin things. Please no. No Islamic extremist rebels.
valid argument, horrible reason.
OMG I LOST IT AT ANOYING ORANGE!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣
Happy Confederate Surrender Day
Definitely agree, though it's funny that this video spawned because Doobus sperged out on twitter
Saw a tweet saying that today was the anniversary of the confederacy surrendering, and this video is still my go-to
NAH REALLY
Lol, North enjoyed slavery at the time too tho
Bruh the subtitles XD
omg clone high abe lincoln
It needs to needs remembered that slavery was not in itself a "sole" reason as it was intertwined with every aspect of the society. Slavery wasn't just about economics, but was a social hierarchy, a labor distribution system, and a means of racial control. Slavery was by itself, many reasons. .
surely if i scroll through these comments and replies i wont see people becoming keyboard warriors in order to defend the confederacy (usually by trying to redirect the conversation back at the union)
This channel lasted longer then the confederate rebels..
A UNION FOR EVER
Emmm…. Tariffs? Random people invading your home? Idk
States rights were about bigger brother imposing tariffs, taxes, ability for the state to manage its own infrastructure and tons of other minutia and yes slavery. But what if one were to say they support those ideals of the South minus the slavery? Is that allowed?   Also the vice president of the confederacy does not speak on behalf of all those that were in the confederacy. He was a moron politician just like moron politicians today. That’s like saying Trump or Biden speaks on behalf of all Americans when in fact tons of Americans think they are a joke and are forced to pick between two dunderheads.
IT WAS!? NO! How could they do that!? I'm literally crying.
They didn't even wait till he was in office, they started BEFORE Lincoln was even inaugurated!
The north wanted to increase taxes on the south and didnt let them to be independent.  Slavery was abolished after the war, not before. No one will start a war to take down a idea of a law. Isnt it strange?
"states rights to do what?" "Be independent and not in the USA 😎" Give me a comeback to this
I dont get it. The annoying orange is still living and trying to run for president.
A franchise where androgynous adolescent squids hit each other with comically oversized paint rollers has currently outlived the Confederacy by a factor of more than two.
I hate slavery  However, to say it was simply about slavery was to ignore history.
The video claims slavery is evil, but nobody can tell you why slavery is evil.
Taxes...? You realize that despite Abraham Lincoln urging confederate states to reintegrate in exchange for them being able to keep slavery, they still pushed forward and all states voted no? The southern states, even up to today, are heavily oppressed and milked by the federal government for tax money and infrastructure. The average northern state is more richer than the southern state. You want to claim slavery, fine, maybe that was a small part. But understand that the southern states had taxation without representation and you can even see this today where the average southern state is poorer than places like New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, etc.
Based
I looked it up, and during the end of the war, they refused to conscript African slaves because they knew that if they became soldiers, the end of slavery in the south was inevitable,  They chose losing the war over freeing the slaves.
State rights to do what???
i wish more people made satires like this lol
song?
WIth the latest fazbear cartoon raises possibility that the confederate mascot can be in new cartoons.
The devolpment of Silksong has lasted more than double the time the Confederacy lasted
Self determination, Taxation without representation, property rights, et cetera.  Sad people refuse to accept the fact that the states had the right to leave.
The south succeeded because they wanted to keep practicing slavery, the north fought the south because they succeeded and the north wanted to unify the states completely. The only soldiers who truly cared about the slaves were the 2 black union soldiers infantry units of 179,000 and 19,000 navy. Plus the countless undercover slaves and black spies such as Harriet Tubman No one else gave a shit unless it was for a strategic advantage.
DSP has outlived the Confederacy.
"State rights" "State rights to do what?" "State rights to own property"
This is hands down the funniest shit of how to own the “Lost Causers” better than any other video I’ve ever seen. Well done bro! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🤌🏼😂🤣
Actually slavery wasnt abolished by abrham lincoln it was abolished by the president after infact the civil war was completely dependent on the fact of abolishing slavery in the south even though there were slaves in the north when he said that which is like... umm... why
I smell a lot of redditors here. You all need to touch grass.
The crazy frog lasted longer than the confederacy…  The annoying mutant frog, whose schtick was pretending to start an invisible bike whilst making motorbike noises, that had a remix of Axel F, that honestly I feel is more brain rotting and far more obnoxious than skibidi toilet is…had a longer legacy than the confederacy did…  Let that sink in…
Fun fact: Slave owners in the south didn’t even put Lincoln’s name on the ballots because they were afraid that he would take their sla-
This dude made this funny and something we should know
states rights to do what bruh?
Hey Goob, what happens if you don't pay your taxes? Yeah, I guess the Confederacy still exists in DC...
COVID-19 has existed for longer than the Confederacy
It honestly had more to do with laws that alowed jailers and prison wardens in the south to completely neglect and abuse convicts, in some cases keeping the prisoners incarcerated for years after their scentence ended.( this applied to blacks and whites) This was only in the south, and the presidents did nothing about it, despite pleas from inmates and observers alike. From my estimation, it was probably a 50/ 50 split. Another thing they wont teach you in school is that owning slaves was not limeted to whie people, as there are many recorded casaes of blacks owning other black people as slaves, and insome cases even owning their family members, and beating them horribly. In one such case a man owned his own brother, however he was resqued by the legendary and heroic harriet tubman ( whose real name was Armantina).  Just thought id share a little knowledge for my fellow history nerds.also, Its sad to hear that doobus gets bullied on twitter, hes a hilarious animator with a real gift and he really dosent deserve that. I am in no way  defending slavery, it was horrible. Its also worthwhile to mention that literally every culture has practiced slavery at some point in time. look forward too seeing your replies! Please be polite.
Nice try but the prospect of freeing the slaves didn't even enter people's headspaces until halfway through the war and up until that point the Union was entirely onboard with reaping the benefits of slavery and profiting off of plantations and their slave revenue as well as dismantling the underground railroad and kidnapping free black men in the North to sell back to the South.  It was a lot more grey than what you peddle and my only stance is that the Union was just as bad as the confederacy. H*ll, Lincoln wasn't even that great. Try reading his actual thoughts on black people sometime.
people have been waiting for geometry dash 2.2 longer than the confederacy lasted
He is going off on him lets fucking  gooooooo
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Ride away (ride away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
But hol up what's the name of the song in the end?
i know one of the concerns was if the the states were more powerful than the government and vice versa, that was the only other reason the racist wanted their own cuntry
war brought about by the warmongering republicans, who now in a 180* shift have managed to stab the Syrians and Afghans in the back, whilst cowardly running from the Ukraine needs. Tiawan next. the yanks like a war to last 6 weeks tops, or they're going home, THEIR ENAMIES HAVE SEEN THIS.
It was about currency actually.
I'll find it absolutely funny that the Annoying Orange is Crip walking on the Confederates
three times as many people have watched this video than fought for the confederacy...
Time to drink some rebel tears
Don’t forget that MatPat’s time hosting game theory was almost thrice as long as the confederacy’s lifespan
To be fair, the confederacy was not a good nation. In fact it was anything but good. However, I think the notion of states rights “not having a purpose” is dumb too. States rights are to sever the complete domination of the federal government and to discourage corruption, and while the confederates might’ve wanted it for slaves, most modern libertarians and moderate conservatives want state’s rights for different reasons.
What I am about to write may blow the minds of many of you, notably those who truly have no historical context beyond that which they capture on social media and video-sharing channels. Here goes . . . (You may wish to erect a tarp, lest ye be covered in brain-splatter): The criminal enterprise of owning other human beings as slave labor did not begin on July 4th, 1776. *KABOOM* It was a legacy, a bequest, if you will, from those Euro-colonizers. You know them Euros - those folks who have spent the last eighty years enjoying American military protection, as has the rest of the civilized world, and, since the end of WW2, has finally, FINALLY, stopped warring with each other every new season and has settled down. And, when you're no longer funding a Maginot Line or a Wehrmacht or a Luftwaffe or a criminal colonial "empire," you can then direct your national treasure inward to funding "free" healthcare and universally-subsidized housing, etc., all on the backs of the U.S. taxpayer. The continent that gave the world colonialism writ-large, socialism-Marxism/Communism, Stalinism, Nazism, 20th-century dictatorships in both Spain  and Portugal, the near-extermination of ethnic Albanians and continental Jewry, the two most devastating global conflicts in history (thus far...) in which, from 1917 through 1945, Yankee blood had to be spilled on the beaches and in the fields of Europe to save Europe from itself, NOW casts itself in the role of global goodie-two-shoes;  oh, how wonderful and civilized are them Europeans . . . Uh-hmm. back to the slavery issue. Because slavery had been baked into the DNA of the young United States, it was nearly impossible to dislodge it. The first eighty years of the young nation were spent feuding over abolitionist versus slave states until it all erupted into a violent civil war, the most bloody conflict in U.S. history. And . . . we are STILL feeling the effects today. America's original sin? Hardly . . . Thanks, Britain, France, Spain, Portugal. We couldn't have done it without ya'. (Oh, and the whole "states' rights" canard IS bullsh*t. Freedom to OWN SLAVES: That is for what The Grey fought so valiantly.)
Only two types of people deny the war was about slavery; idiots and racists. Most often they are both.
The founding father believed in property rights that’s why they didn’t end slavery and even practiced it.
Yeah the CSA was flawed they should've been more like Germany when it took up socialism.
The premise of the video rest upon the claim that slavery is evil, but I have yet been shown proof slavery is evil.
Its my firm belief tha if trump isnt re elected this term. That people will lose their shit. And the federal will not be able to stop states from seceeding. A piece of paper has no power a gun behind it does though. So unless theyd plan to nuke us i don't see much stoppin us. Bc 58% of the US Military took a survey the year bide was inaugurated and the 58% said that they were not loyal to Joe Biden
States rights to ignore certain federal laws, which we already have ys but certan federal laws are so tyrannicalky pushed onto the states such as gun laws that only affect law abiding gun owners, minimum wages, and other controversial topics such as Social security and benefits for federal workers and first responders.
Actually abe lincoln said that he did not want to abolish slavery that he only wanted to prevent its "EXPANSION". He said that he wouldve done it rather or not he abolished slavery or no
10 luglio 2023 beedles toodles 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
It’s not a state’s right if it violates the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. Checkmate traitors.
*ANSWER ME GREY MAN*
Club penguin lasted longer than the Confederacy
I support the union but this video is just cringe as hell
ZE SOUTH SHALL RIZE AGAIN!
FREDERICK DOUGLAS WITH THE STEEL CHAIR
But still all of slaves didn't get right until second half of 20 century
*Get a real country, traitors.*
Union biased
the Shrek Series lasted longer than The Confederacy
The Free City of Danzig existed from 1920-1939, which is about 20 years. A tiny country that could've easily been annexed by Poland or Germany during its existence literally lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Nothing like the sweet taste of lost causer tears
Yandere Simulator has been in development purgatory for almost 2.5 Confederacies.
A British cartoon show about a man in a police box has lasted 15 times longer than the confederacy, a British TOON lasted longer than this, that is emberassing
state rights for SLAVES! RAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!
This video is ignorant confederacy was about decentralisation slavery was not the main objective
States rights to ignore certain federal laws. Like if the south hsd won, thered ve no ATF problems
God bless the true America 🇺🇸  Instead of those stupid traitors
Avatar franchise (nickelodeon and the production of avatar way of the water outlasted the confederacy
Slavery is evil and the civil war was not about slavery it was about a state’s right to secede. Lincoln even said as much leading up to the conflict that slavery was not a priority only the preservation of the Union there was no need to for war but Abraham Lincoln ordered a ship full of soldiers to occupy a fort which threatened southern sovereignty after already stating publicly that he would abandon the fort and formerly withdraw all Union forces from southern territory. He incited the war he jailed all critics of his regime in the north and he ordered Sherman’s campaign of war crimes in the south. Lincoln was by far the most tyrannical president we have ever had in US history. Slavery is evil and the form of slavery in the south was especially evil. That isn’t up for debate but the motivations of the average confederate citizen had nothing to do with slavery. That said the south lost and the victors get to write history or in this case teach the parts of history they want and disregard to the parts that are politically inconvenient. I strongly encourage everyone who reads this to look at all the facts and research the lives of all the key players as well as all the key moments before and during the war so you can decide for yourself instead of drinking someone else’s koolaid, even mine
Am cartoonist whose mommy and daddy doesn’t love me, but I’ll stick my head in history even though I fucking broke down crying when I get accused of being trans phobic
Y’know, even _if_ the Civil War _was_ about states’ rights _besides_ slavery, SLAVERY WAS STILL ON THE LIST. Having “other” things on the list isn’t gonna change that!
“Imagine being so bitchless you need to buy some.”  - Abraham Lincoln
The wait for the next mainline Sonic game outlasted the Confederacy.
And to this day democrats are still trying to enslave blacks.
"Slavery is gay because it means owning another man." - Honest Abe
To self govern
I can get a history degree in a shorter ammunt of time than the confederacy ever existed. State right to do what? Thats right there is no gray area you are just in denial and wont be convinced otherwise because you exist on a echo-camber of self repeating narratives so you will never learn anything and stay and ignorant swine saying “states rights” “herritage”
The civil war was about ALL of the following:  Protectionism vs free trade Slavery vs non-slavery in agriculture Agrarianism vs industrialism Central government vs supremacy of the states The question of the right of states to secede The existence of a uniquely American identity Religious differences (primarily there was a lot of hostility between mainline protestants in the north and baptists in the south)  All of these and more caused the civil war and people had many reasons to fight for either side. I still support the union, but to say that the south were just this absolute force for evil is a stupid and childish way of viewing history.
You tell him, Doobus!
The people who had money were not in the north.  They were in the south.  The north wanted the south's slavery money.  The republic won by going across the south burning every major landmark they came across.  Very few wars have "good guys".
At least the battle flag looked cool
The fact that there are people who not only defend the confederacy but will proudly display its flag is crazy. Openly just parading a round a symbol of slavery
Fucking Baldi’s Basics lasted longer than the confederacy. Fucking Baldi’s Basics😭
Sealand lasted longer than the Confederates
I actually did the math on this, THE WII U LASTED LONGER THAN THE CONFEDERACY, it was about 40 days longer but it still lasted longer than those schmucks
Doobus, i got one thing to say, might be a sentence or longer, but lemme just say. HURRAH HURRAH, WE'LL BRING THE JUBILEE, HURRAH, HURRAH, THE FLAG THAT MAKES YOU FREE, SO WE SANG RHE CHORUS FROM ATLANTA TO THE SEA, WHILE WE WERE MARCHING THROUGH GEORGIA!!!
Even the Simpsons has lasted longer than the Confederacy, and that show has been airing for almost 35 years now.
STATES RIGHTS to chose it's destiny, much as Ukraine is trying to do today in shaking off the 'UNION' of social socialist republics attacks.  look at putin's actions today and linclon's at the time,. invade, murder, destroy private and public property ALL in the name of forcing a free people BACK into their greedy regime. one has a giant  statue, the other a war criminal, tell them apart?
He sent in Frederick Douglas instead of John Brown? Doobus is a merciful man
0:40 clone high lincoln!!!
as a southerner we don’t condone slavery, we actually fucking hate it.
The_Real_Jayellow my king
Anyone know the lyrics to the song at the end
The video claims slavery is evil, yet can’t show why slavery is evil. 🤣
I encourage people do more history research.
Fun fact: just like a lot of wars, most confederate soliders wanted nothing to do with the war and just wanted to be able to have a good life for their family. Most of the soldiers couldn't even afford slaves. Show disrespect to the generals and rich, but respect the soldiers 😊
Reminder that the WII U lasted longer than the Confederacy, THE F3CKING WII U!! Also, Smosh Babies lasted longer (BY A MONTH!!)
States rights to self govern im not supporting the confederacy but states rights to self govern is still stupid important
Okay so this video is both right and wrong. YES the quote does directly mention slavery but that was simply the straw that  broke the camels back. The war WAS 100% ABOUT STATES RIGHTS and denying that is ignorant. However, denying slavery had nothing to do with it is *also* incorrect. Slavery was the souths biggest economic drive. So the north wanting to get rid of slavery (keep it mind they still HAD slaves in the north) was meant to just ruin the souths economy so that they could impose all the other stuff they wanted. The north wanted federal government control and the south state by state control. Slavery was just the souths biggest form of economy at that time and to call the South "traitor's" is a bit disingenuous to what they wanted. Especially in today's age where most people don't like the Federal government telling us what we can and can't do
I can’t stop replaying this Lol!
“StAtE’s RiGhTs To WhAt?!”  Self government! It’s the 10th Amendment
This video was a terrible first impression for someone that didn't understand about the civil war (am non American lol). The strawman, the "asuhdasdoashdoah slavery asdoiasdoiasodasihdooih states right to what asdasdsadhasdasdkkh" without any stops, the "GET OFF MY COUNTRY TRAITORS!!!!!!", it legit made me think "Oh this one of those hateful extremist videos that wants to play with my emotions". Yes, I agree with the video. Yes, anyone that supports slavery isn't a nice person. YES I KNOW THIS IS AN INTERNET PARODY/COMEDY. But the way the message got conveyed... it made it look like the good guys were evil and the bad guys good, and I thought that for like 2 days until someone showed me the civil war in a more reasonable and calm way and was like "Oh so that hateful extremist video was right".  Terrible propaganda, 2/10, wouldn't hire as my political cartoonist + should've states rights deez nuts.
0:39 Abe from clone high
Just a reminder that the Principality of Sealand lasted longer than the confederacy
One way to shit these people up is to ask if slaves in the south wanted to succeed from the union, oh wait they didn’t have the right’s to vote on “state’s rights”.
Get Douglass’d  LOL!
iT’s OuR hErItAgE!  LOL!
Sent this to my dad. He had a giant confederate tattoo before turning it into a american flag tattoo
And nowadays most of the racism is up north and all the nice good people are in the south
BTS, Backstreet Boys, One Direction and NSyc last longer then the Confederate…
"there are few things in history that are black and white" *proceeds to present an even more black and white narrative than the "official" one but it's okay since it's the opposite team*
"Get Douglas"
Is there a version of this where the f-word is bleeped? I'd like to show it to my students.
Imagine being outlived by the annoying orange
all hail confederacy and shut up
He wanted to make sonichu comics
Honestly i used to get the "it's part of your heritage" part alittle bit like aslong as there not outright saying slavery is ok its what ever everyone has a bad past but the fact the confederacy was only 4 years 💀 bruh there is barley any history you have to get attached to the wii u was more of a success then the confederacy and it can play wii games which is more then the confederacy can do
still my fave Doobus Goobus video!
Let's go to war to lose thousands of men to keep a couple hundred men???? The conflict started with the election of Lincoln, which Lincoln would be more of a Liberal( by definition) even tho he was republican. Lincoln want it to strengthen the federal government (Uncle Sam has more control). Lincoln didn't campaign freeing the slaves, he free the slaves during the war but only in the South. He did make a speech before running for president about his views on slavery but mostly  about how the Congress should total control of all the states. Lincoln really free the slaves to win the war to keep England from joining the South. Slavery is used as a example in most states reason for leaving the Union except Florida. The Rebel states wanted it to be the State's decision on how Slavery was ended because by then each state was almost it's own country not how we are today( the difference between a confederation vs a Union) and they believe this because that what our founding fathers want it the country to be . Basically the 13 states leaving the union was about two different ideas on how our country should be should be structured. The Civil War started after the Union committed Domestic terrorism.
The WiiU lasted longer than the US Confderacy
Safe-edgy content has been a disaster for the human race.
I cant get the irish flag because emojis won't put the irish flag
I agree with da troo histowree show! (except the slavery thing)
On one hand, you should support the ability to challenge your government. On the other...
The Annoying Orange is better than the Confederacy.
Sorry Sir. The territory you are about to enter is highly toxic. You should leave this comment section at once.
“We are actually fighting for Women’s Righ—“ “Women’s Rights to do what?” “Well… to…” “Murder your own babies?” “That’s not the point! It should be a woman’s right to decide what to do with her own fetus!”  I’m noticing some parallels here
Remember kids, if anyone ever tries defending the south don’t engage they are racist we don’t stoop to the level of racists. The whole reason the south seceded was Lincoln was elected and he was going to abolish slavery. The south never cared about states rights since they didn’t want them when it was the north’s right to take in run away slaves.
Don't states already have too much rights?
Aqua teen Hunger Force lasted longer than the confederacy but yet we have no statues to master shake and that’s a mistake we must correct
Why Douglas john brown would be happy to serve out the judgement of the lord
This video reeks of reddit lmao.
The ussr outlasted you
Everyone who disagrees with me is a sea lion troll
Wait until the uploader and everyone in the comments finds out that the civil war wasn't  "dA noRf vErSus dA rAcistS"  It was actually the Choctaws, Cherokees, Comaches, part of the Seminoles and Muskogees AND the Confederate States  VERSUS the United States and some of the Seminoles and Muskogees divided. It pays to be actually educated instead of being a flaming 'tardo who makes videos about topics he hasn't learned yet.
47% of Americans are slavery defenders
The confederacy was right though. The founding fathers believed in protecting property rights that’s why they themselves didn’t end slavery and even practiced it.
I remember knowing very little about the civil war except slavery, so I did some research and I was very surprised. It really WAS only about slavery
At least they had a cool flag
I support the confederate cause and the video claims slavery to be evil, I disagree and don’t see slavery as evil.
Very few things in history are black and white...the civil war was one of those that were very black and white
Being a sore loser for almost 160 years is crazy. Lol
The fact that there are live service games that lasted longer than a recognised country confuses and frightens me
Ахахаххахаха, западные куки как всегда) "расизм плоха, рабства плоха, злодеи", как же сильно деградировали левачки. И это хорошо) не останавливайтесь)
Fun fact: Halo Infinite's development was (likely) 2015-2021. The confederacy was from 1861-1865. The confederacy rise and fell in a shorter amount of time than it took to make a Halo game.
yep. just keep licking that federal boot, yank. nobody disagrees that slavery was bad but  i think it would be better if having the states be able to decide most of their own legislation, rather than have a huge oppressive federal government that can pass laws that overrule the states decision.
Lincoln said that morality of slavery had nothing to do with the declaration of war and that if he could hold on to the power over the secessionist states without freeing the slaves he'd happily do that. So get off your high horse buddy. It was exactly about state's rights.
As a Brit I always smile at hearing yanks call someone else traitors.
Owning another man is fucking gay.
i only like the confederancy for one reason THE GENERAL LEE FROM DUKES OF HAZARD THATS THE ONLY REASON I LIKE IT WHOOOO EEEE
As a brit, yeah, slavery is historical crap
the only  good thing the confederacy did was the song "Dixieland", absolute bop
Way down south in the land of the traitors🗣️🔥🔥
This isn’t even his most views video….but the fact that there’s so much discourse in the comment section really shows u the mentality of some people
I love this video and all the r tard comments under it lol. So much insecurity. So much soy and rage.
_"White Southerners had no problem using the federal government's powers when it came to protecting and promoting the interests of slavery. They only invoked states' rights rhetoric in trying to restrict federal power against slavery. Divisions over the interpretation of the Constitution were directly related to the issue of slavery."_ - Professor Brooks D. Simpson .
“State’s right’s to do what, exactly?” “TO SECEDE, dipshit!”  Oh really, because the same Founding Father you always cite to make that claim — James Madison — is on the record very clearly as saying that it was absolutely not permissible to conditionally ratify the United States Constitution, and that conditional ratification was thrown out in a discussion prior to its ratification begun in Richmond, Virginia, after it was concluded that conditional ratification was even worse than outright rejection.   There’s no right to secede.   You genuinely just hate black people.
whats the name of the song he used at the end?
That aint no argument that the CSA lasted 4 years... or are you saying the Third reich is better because it lasted 12 years?
The Confederacy was bad, but the Union was worse.
I love coming to this video, sorting the comments by new, and seeing all the knuckle dragging confederates pissing with coping and seething.
the confederacy is a perfect example of what rich people are capable of influencing
W
Then the next sentence they say and yeah, business owners deserve the right to refuse business to everyone. Like we all don't know who they'd refuse to do business with if they had the choice to discriminate
The  Islamic State and East Germany lasted longer then the confedracy how is it your hertiage?
Twas real bad.
The phone were using to watch this video came from slave labor, cobalt mining in Africa. And when you really think about it there's not much of a difference between wage labor and slavery. Except maybe not getting whipped. Both just survive on the masters table scraps.
I wonder what Doobus's opinion on the French colonization of Algeria is(Their justification for invasion was stopping the Barbary slave trade)
DumbDumb Lincoln ended slavery for elections purpose but he wanted the segregation
Any one in second grade outlived the confederacy now STATES RIGHTS DO WHAT YOU LOW LIFE
gotta get rid of the free masons too. they want the same thing secretly
Oh gee, their dedication to state's rights was so great that they must have rebelled the moment the Fugitive Slave Act was signed.
The confederacy were the good guys and slavery isn’t inherently evil.
This is like debating with someone who defends abortion. They repeatedly just say “it’s women’s rights” when abortion is just flat out evil. Crazy
Imagine your heritage getting outlived by Toriko.
The video claims that the confederacy was evil because slavery is evil, but what makes slavery evil?
“Let’s say that aliens suddenly started abducting humans and forcing them to become slaves on a completely unfamiliar world. With that in mind, states’ rights to do what?”
🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈
The annoying orange has more heritage points than the f*ing confederacy which is just hilarious xD  Traitors stay mad!
"States rights to do what?" To govern themselves "For all the people to govern themselves?"
Feels like Checkmate Lincolnites is getting more rushed.
I disagree
Jeez... slavery would die out sooner or later anyway. And by the way - after victory in Civil War and freeing all slaves their living conditions went even lower. So congratz! North made it, abolished slavery and converted black Americans into cheap labour force and their were living under horrible conditions for another several decades!   True problem was differend (it was slavery but not in that way as you think) - problem was, that this "slavery thing" became to much politicized by both sides. There were fears from "what will Lincoln do" after he will be a president and of course there were also fear what South can do in another cases. Basically whole CW could be avoided if things were at least little bit different and calmer but no... why we should avoid deaths of hundred thousands when can go to fancy civil war... no, no, no, no, no...  ...so the situation radicalized by both sides went out of control and rest is the history. Bitter truth is, that all of this could be easily avoided and slavery would die out anyway during another 3 decades through industrial progress and scientific tools. And it would be even better for these slaves, because they would be spared from horrid reconstruction times and suffering in factories and farms as a basically cheapest and lawless labour force.   ALL OF THIS is not serving for saying "hey slavery was good" or "confederacy wasnt but" or anything else... ALL OF THIS hase simple purpose to show that THINGS are usually more complicated and complex a TRUTH is always bitter (for both sides). Civil War in America wasnt caused primarily by slavery or "state rights"... no.. it was as a usually... stupidity, mutual distrust and even more stupidity (thanks president Buchanan btw.).
A dude once said to me “ it was actually all about trade and taxes “ I said “ ok , but what we’re they trading and taxing ? “ and bro didn’t have an answer . Anytime confederates bring up a point it’s unfinished like “ states rights” or  “ The north restricted trade “ like ok on what tho
Its extremely concering how many many people are defending slavery in these comments. I always though goobus had a good yt comment section but I guess not
The Annoying Orange existing longer than an entire "country" is so crazy to me
Oh don’t forget that the confederate congress and Jefferson Davis called for conscription BEFORE Lincoln and the Union AND suspended Habeus Corpus almost Twice as much as the Union. States Rights? 😂 they were authoritarians who abused the notion of states rights as an excuse to secede and when they got their righteous asses handed to them by the OG industrial military complex that was the north they spent the next 100 years bitching about it and being problem children till the civil rights act. And even still act like they have a chip on their shoulder.
Actually, Lincoln didn’t want to make the war against slavery, but others influenced him to make it a war against slavery
whats the song of the end?
Fun fact: most southern states seceded well before Lincoln was even inaugurated as president, and many Southern States months before Lincoln was considered officially elected as president raided many national arms reserves and ammo depots. And most Southerners call the Civil War the "war of Northern aggression".
States' right to govern themselves, as had been intended from the beginning of the country. Lincoln wouldn't have started a war over slavery, considering how much work he put into avoiding freeing them.
This is the most American animation ever created
Tf2's major update waiting list is over one and a half of the CSA's existence.
So we're going to ignore the fact that it took serval more years afterwards to get the north to abolish their slaves yeah? The north wasn't innocent. Better than the south, sure, but it wasn't about skavery, that otherwise it'd have been fully abolished in the north DURING THE WAR, not AFTER THE WAR. I'm more pissed at both sides for that, WTF DID BOTH OF YOU HAVE SLAVES, WHY DIDN'T THE NORTH ABOLISH IT SOONER, WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH EVERYONE FROM THE TIME PERIOD?
All roads lead to Rome, and all justifications for the Confederacy generally lead to slavery
Yes, slavery was one of the main reasons for the civil war. Another big reason was the states right to refuse receipt notes from northern state banks as legal tender, because the northern states were using them to pay for goods from the southern states, and the northern banks were issuing more receipt notes than they had gold and silver to cover, effectively plundering the southern states for their resources by devaluing the currency used to pay them for their goods. Btw, many northern states still had slavery during the Civil War, up until the emancipation proclamation, which only freed northern slaves. The things they don’t teach you in history class, am I right?
family guy outlived confederacy and is still going
"I think slavery is an abomination, but i cant turn my own sword against my home state of Virginia." - General Lee
some ppl were to broke to buy slaves and they deafened there  farms from the union
Lincoln also didn't start the war, he made sure that in any case, the Union didn't attack the south first. Lincoln put the issue of civil war on the south
So brave of you, I stood up and applauded after watching this
The wait for Hollow Knight Silksong (5 years and Counting)
We need John Brown aswell
Worf has existed longer then The Confederacy. We need statues of Word fighting Gowron in epic combat.
My time playing Command & Conquer Generals has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Nice Clone High reference.
Lost causers who even mention "states rights" don't even care what that actually means.  The southern state governments wanted the federal legislature to PROTECT their rights to what they considered property.  The compromise of 1850 PLUS the ruling in Dred Scott v. Sanford basically made a states right to disallow or allow slavery moot.  It was never about states rights, is was about the southern states fight to uphold the institution that propped up their economy and culture. Even if you could argue that slavery wasn't THE ONLY factor in the Confederates rebellion, almost everything they fought for tied into their fight for that most disgusting and insidious institution... Slavery.  Let it be known, I was born and live in the great state of Texas, I love my state and I do have a small sense of pride in the souths MODERN culture... Of my ancestor who fought in Vicksburg, who survived the war, I have respect as without him, I would not exist... But I can not and will never defend the idea that the Confederacy was fighting for anything other than for the selfish preservation of slavery.
It was there right to seperate too dont forget that part lincoln didnt start a war over slavery but to preserve the union
You know the stupidest shit ever seeing people with confederate stuff
The idiot tries to make both sides look morally equal by defending the confederacy for some reason, while in reality the north was just as bad as an embarrassingly large amount of their economy was based on processing slave farmed goods and enslaved peoples were only "freed" as part of the war effort. After the war the south just moved to the northern based version of slavery, where communities of undesired peoples were kept poor and in places where the only working opportunities were dangerous and barely payed enough to feed yourself much less a family. (Mines, Factories, The same farms they were "freed" from). Anyway union dixie is a banger so therefor the north was good
Great video
States rights to secede.
And then we got those people that wanted the Confederacy to have been a communist union which would of been even worse  We cant forget stupidity doesn't end
get douglas'd
The heritage argument is so fuckin stupid because like, most americans descend from British people, should southerns be waving british flags off of their trucks
nuh uh
Fun fact the confederacy was democrat run.
Doobus’ channel was made in 2016, about 8 years ago, making this channel last 2 times longer than the confederacy.  Edit: what have i done
I just think the flag is neat
W VIDEO.
I’m a libertarian but I hate when I see other libertarians say it was about states rights   I support states rights, but slavery isn’t one of them
MICKEY MOUSE CLUBHOUSE LASTED 10 YEARS, TWICE AS LONG AS THE CONFEDERACY
Doobus is the one youtube who i will watch no matter what im doing wether im putting away my laundry or trying to do a lobotomy this channel has made me crack up more times than i can count with my 2 hands and my 2 leg hands
So I grew up in the south and this is fucking accurate. I love this, I love your work, keep going. BBBBBBBUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTT I would like to suggest that you look more into this specific topic. There's no arguing that the reason why the Civil war started was because of slavery, BUT the south actually fought a war in the first place was because the south actually thought that the Union was invading them. I mean we have fort Sumter to argue that but only a small amount of the population in the south actually owned and cared about slavery. The average person in the south was just downright afraid of the overwhelming power of the Union and we have Sherman's march to cement those fears. The dam man was a walking typhoon of destruction and chaos in its purest form.
A states right to regulate it's own nagivgable water ways, a state's right to issue letters or credit, and a state's right to impeach federal officials.  Which really isn't much.  But also a state apparently doesn't have a right to free trade within the union nor does it have the right to regulate slavery within it's borders.  Because at the end of the day, aside from those issues, the CSA's constitution is nearly identical to the federal one.  It even has all those clauses completely unabridged that give the federal government it's great powers like the Necessary and Proper clause and the Interstate Commerce clause.  So if the rebels really cared about "state's rights," why didn't they try neutering their own central government at all?  Because at the end of the day, they were a bunch of hillbillies LARPing as british aristocrats with their reactionary world view.  In order to build more wealth, they needed more land and more cheap labor to extra that wealth from the ground. When denied expansion opportunities, they did what all reactionary societies do, turn to war. So when you hear the "um aktually it was over economy" apologists, ask them what kind of economy were they fighting for.
FREEDOM  :eagle::eagle::flag_us::flag_us::flag_us::eagle::eagle::flag_us::flag_us::flag_us:
Slavery was the founding idea for the confederacy….How can people try to say it’s about state’s rights? It wasn’t, it was about slavery. Heck the Europeans were about to support them. Britain specifically gave them a ship to fight the Union. They only stopped when Lincoln made it about slavery. Which then made all of Europe go “well we would look like hypocrites if we supported the confederacy so better stay out of it.”
Funny how Fortnite has lasted longer than the Confederacy ever did.
I am no American so correct  me if i am wrong .....didnt the north leaders also own and sell slaves,and isnt America itself a Traitor state to Europe?
Dude, gmod has exsisted for more then a decade longer then the confederacy. I think, roughly 14 years longer at this point?
“States rights to do what” Own slaves, why is that wrong like you claim it to be?
Union states had the right to make slavery illegal, which is a better right than the right to make slavery legal.
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Ride away (ride away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie  Just felt like it was appropriate to post this here, keep up the good work
Slavery is good or bad?
Thank you john green for popularizing "states right to what"
It’s so perfect that the entire argument is completely dismantled with something as simple as “states rights to do what?”
i dunno i aint american but uh heck yeahhhh
I’m going to scroll down until I see a comment agreeing with the grey guy
Yep. How publicly proud they are when we look at their stance with such disgust. Everytime one talks like this thinking they can, within minutes, make everyone just attack you from hearing their logic and reasoning like they are the ones who matter. They can't tolerate the people of the world not considering them superior, and we can't tolerate their abuse. They want to convince their own and the world we are just bad like them for engaging in war. The world you are fighting for isn't a world we exist in. The world we fight for has you in it, but the cruelty you wish to inflict to other races is removed. Thank you for the great video. Nothing activates my Americaness more than the lunatic ramblings of a race hater trying to generate more throwaway drones. God bless brother
Secede which New England tried to do 3 times.  There, that wasn't so hard was it.
kids born in 2019 lived longer than the confederacy
I just love the 'Get Douglas'd' bit. 10/10, peak comedy.
Careful goobis, don't fly too close to the sun
I'm shaking holy crap I needed this
I hate ideaological historians 😂
...    ...                State's rights to do what?
Would the North have allowed the South to stay seceded if they didn't practice slavery, or is it a "one of us, one of us!" Kind of thing
to secede
this is one the greatest videos I have ever seen
Of course the people who spend their whole lives at starbucks or their basement don't know what slavery is.
Abolishing slavery was definitely not a campaign promise that Lincoln made, far from it. He wanted to stop its expansion, which everyone could see would ultimately lead to the abolishment of the practice, given how congress works (more and more free states would be admitted, upsetting the balance) but I don't think it's accurate to say Lincoln "was going to abolish slavery." His hand was forced by the war. Had it not happened, it's plausible slavery would have outlasted his presidency.
Do you ever wonder like ... how long it would have taken us to abolish slavery if the confederacy had won
I like how Abraham Lincoln was the Clone High version
Of course it wasn't about slavery! It was about the power slave holders held, northerners weren't fighting a holy war for the sake of the enslaved, they were fighting for their own interests!  The South was all in on slavery though. If slaves didn't count for a vote, the North wouldn't have cared near as much and the South still would have gone to war.
_"Having swept away the counterfactual Myth of the Lost Cause, a historian may briefly state the history of the Civil War as follows._ _The eleven states that seceded and became the Confederate States of America did so in order to protect the institution of African slavery from a perceived political threat from the majority of the people of the United States who disapproved of the institution."_ - Gary W. Gallagher, Alan T. Nolan  "The Myth of the Lost Cause and Civil War History" p29
Yes it was the states rights to own slaves, which was legal at the time. the feds over reached their power and the southern states broke off. it 100% was about states rights, and the north are traitors to the very thing the united states was build on a voluntary group of self governed states. The irony of all the bootlickers who try to show off how big their halo is will always be ridiculous. its 2024 no one thinks slaves should exist and like most trends in the usa the south was the last to follow suit. The civil war was a mistake and we will be feeling its effects until the day our nation no longer exist.
Slavery isnt just morally wrong its also economically wrong. Rome had significantly degraded because of Slavery. With Rich owning most farms practically shutting down small farmers forcing them to rely on social programs, which slowly bled rome dry, (VERY simplified summery) The same would've happened to Southern States.
The funny thing is that the northern states were not fighting to abolish slavery.  The north fought to preserve the union, while the south rebelled in order to maintain slavery.  At the time the civil war started a large portion of the northern states were in favor of a containment of slavery.  The south states would be allowed to maintain their own slave populations, but no imported slaves and new states admitted to the union would not allow slavery.  Part of the reason the north told European countries that the south was in rebellion due to slavery is that the USA was one of the last major powers that still allowed it.  The British specifically stayed away from the US civil war because they had already abolished slavery and it would have looked bad to support the south.
Lmao "traitor". This guy would call any BASED Union boy at the time a fascist or a "traitor". No poor southern farmer died for rich slaver land. They died to be outside the Union heel.
Doobus Goobus is based
Slavery was evil- doobus goobus  Why is slavery inherently evil? You people bring up mistreatment and abuse but if that wasn’t involved would slavery be wrong?
Way to limit your audience with such a compelling video with random and unnecessary profanity.
"It was about States rights"  "To do what?"  "To keep slaves."  "So if a Northern state decided that they didn't want slavery, but they did want to join the confederacy, they would have been able to join, but with slavery illegal?"  "Well no, the confederate constitution was pretty clear that they would not be allowed to do that. Section 1 made slavery a legal institution across the country, never to be taken away, even by acts of the government as a whole, or by the states individually."  "So... state's rights to do what..."  "Not a goddamn thing.  It was *entirely* about forcing the entire country to condone living under a ruling class that outright owned the bulk of the working class.  All of those other entirely legitimate points of friction, like the cultural and social differences between North and South were all underpinned by the fact that the Northern colonies (and then states) were by and large founded largely as classless societies, (or at least with no rigid class society) insular religious communities of extremist sects exiled from their European homelands, and for profit private and government sponsored enterprises that relied on maritime economies focused on the manufacture and trade of luxury and consumer goods sold to Europe, as the land and weather was too poor to produce cash crops. Slavery did exist for a time in all of them, but over time, even as far south as Pennsylvania, that slavery was not viable in the north. But the South was largely founded by second sons of the European landed nobility, sponsored by the crown to essentially create the feudalistic holdings that they would otherwise be denied as inheritances, as preference would go to their older brothers. The only way for these men to leave the shadows of the their brothers, and hold title to significant parcels of land, was to strike out into the frontier, and settle a farm, carbon copy the rigid feudalistic class structures they left behind in Europe, but with African slaves instead of European serfs; sine none of the serfs got permission to leave from their respective lords, and despite being considered a lesser race, africans had a reputation for being duteous and competent workers. (which sounds like they would actually have been the greater race, but unpacking the cognitive dissonance of racism is just too extra to do here.) Anyway, because they were black, and not white, locking people and their descendants into perpetual bondage was considered more enlightened by some at the time. By the 1830s, it was already evident that these two societies were entirely incompatible with each other over the long term, as one encouraged people to advance society by advancing their own position, and entrepreneurism and self motivation were encouraged, as long as they improved living conditions for the whole community, while the other would have collapsed entirely if those traits had been condoned, as it would mean rebellious slaves, and maybe even worse, lower to middle class whites with enough self drive to make a name and fortune that eclipsed their plantation owning employers. It wasn't an accident that with enough money or slaves, you could be entirely exempt from being drafted to fight in the CSA army, without even having to pay for a waiver (in the north anyone could get out of the draft, but they had to pay for a waiver.) This is exactly parallel to the fact that State flags from Northern former colony states, are typically "Union Blue" and feature a state or colonial seal, used to represent the state as a whole in an official capacity, but Southern states like Maryland use flags that copies a *Personal* coat of arms of Cecil Calvert (Royally appointed) Baron of Baltimore (1605-1675) The District of Columbia's flag (used to be part of a slave state)  Is George Washington's personal coat of arms; while Florida and Alabama, fly flags that directly reference Bourbon cross, which was the coat of arms of the Spanish Monarchs that originally funded those colonies.  In all cases of which, the first waves of European settlers included enslaved persons and indentured servants."
Rebel leader is the best leader of the world and the most famous people are the best people in the country
The North was making all the money.  All the agrarian product from the south was sold for a song and shipped to the North for manufacturing and the North was not sharing the profits.  The North was controlling the entire country from Washington, which was ahem in the North, and the Confederate states wanted more states rights to protect themselves from profiteers in the North.  The green dude is a prick.  To say the Civil War was just about slavery is simplifying a more complex problem.  The Confederate states couldn't afford to pay employees to pick the cotton and produce without slavery, and the North wasn't sharing the wealth.  In other words, the North was oppressing the South.  Now all you libtards don't like oppression, right?
In the Confederate Constitution, states were explicitly forbidden from outlawing slavery. The states had FEWER rights.  The argument is null at face value.
_"The triumph of the Confederacy would be a victory of the powers of evil which would give courage to the enemies of progress and damp the spirits of friends all over the civilized world. The American Civil War is destined to be a turning point for good or evil, of the course of human affairs."_ - English MP and philosopher of freedom and liberty, John Stuart Mill, 1863  .
State rights is evil,it allows states to ban same sex marriage.
The right to secede when Union no longer serves their interests? Which is a pretty fucking huge worry when the Whigs were pushing to abolish as much self-governance and autonomy from the states as possible. Jesus, I am not even American, but it's basically the equivalent of EU parliament declaring war on UK over brexit, installing secret police to go full Gestapo, abolishing freedom of speech and electing Klaus Schwab as dictator until he is killed by some hero who ends his reign of terror.  Most of the confederate states weren't even slave states if I recall.
buh muh stait riats 😭😭😭
Wow I didn’t know you were a liberal unsubscribed
The north wanted to steal the industry from the south. the north had cheap labor in the form of immigrants from europe who prefered the cold.
Too bad to the confederacy is still alive and well, thanks Republicans. 😒
I wish I was in the land of cotton, Old times they are not forgotten; Look away! Look away! Look away! Dixie Land. In Dixie Land where I was born, Early on one frosty mornin, Look away! Look away! Look away! Dixie Land.  Then I wish I was in Dixie, hooray! hooray! In Dixie Land I’ll take my stand to live and die in Dixie, Away, away, away down South in Dixie, Away, away, away down South in Dixie.
“States rights to do what???”
Meh, the argument "But they did slavery" is kinda meh. Like a lot of people (not only french ones) celebrates Napoleon but he reestablished slavery. Or even, why even admiring the Roman Empire while they were really just barbarians but on crack ?
Man, the hateful comments on this video are FUCKING WILD. There are some slavery-defending douche-nozzles here that are so angy that Doobus disagrees with them
Lotta people fighting for evil participation trophies out there
Honestly I hear waaaay more fuss and crying coming from people who obsessively hate the confederacy than I hear about people who even identify with the confederacy. People have adopted that as a sign of rebellion and southern culture, very much including black culture. I'm no southerner nor do I identify with that flag in any ways, but this foaming at the mouth over something that happened that long ago is just plain silly. Learn the history, take a breath, take a shit, and refrain from crying.
The place where grey comes in is that a lot of people died trying to protect land that was (from their perspective) being invaded by the north.  The internet didn't exist, whatever the president of the confederacy believed was only accessible if you could read and got ahold of the information somehow.  Even then, most higher level issues are lost when people you know are getting shot while defending the place they live.  To sweep it under the rug is hard.  While many things lasted longer than that war, the effect of war is generally much more than viral memes, etc.  My family was yanks, I'm not from the south.  I'm just better at putting myself in other peoples shoes than seemingly most of society.
Robert E Lee himself said he would buy and free every slave to save people from the war  Now I ain’t saying that I support slavery but Robert Lee was a better man than people think he is
So to premise: I do not think the Confederacy should have won the war. I am very glad that slavery is not a thing in the Western world anymore and I would never want it to return. (And yes here is where I say however) well unionizing the states at the time seemed like a great idea, there were some pretty significant consequences of that that has led to the way the government runs today. Have you ever wondered why high fructose corn syrup is in everything? It's because the federal government became over inflated in power, and enacted a program to make farmers produce more corn because they needed and influx of farms. Corn was one of the easiest crops besides soy. At the time this made sense again, however the curse of the federal government is that once it starts a program it will never end. If states were run more individually you wouldn't have things such as this backwards logic wear weed is still frowned upon federally but is passed upon depending from state to state. It would just be a solid yes or no for each state. Let's look at the way education runs. The federal government put out a standard that they enacted for common core classes. These were written back when we were deadly afraid of communist countries so now they have standards for kids to learn in school in order for them to pass the cosmonauts that we are no longer even afraid of. But the standards were put in place by the federal government and getting them to change the standards will never happen to make people are on too many paychecks across the country to keep it running. I do think the federal government should exist for things such as the ATF and the FDA. But now we have corrupted three letter agencies like the CIA who have provably done things such as undermine the African American communities to keep them dependent on the government (remember, Martin Luther King's family took the CIA to supreme Court to get them to admit that they plotted the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr and they admitted to it and the family only received a single dollar in reparations So that they could prove that it was not for money)  I honestly could go on about this all day but at the end of it it's not so much I'm arguing that the South should have won as much as we need to understand what evils the North winning has brought upon us as a nation.
this video sucks robsy, 174. THE CONFEDERACY WAS GOOD????FRICKING HOW DOES THIS GUY KNOW THAT I WAS GOONA FRICKING SAY THIS???? THIS IS SO CONFEDERATE!!! AMERICA@!!!!!!!!!!! GOOFY AHH VIDEO DOOBY
Good news! We’ve now been waiting for Hollow Knight: Silksong for a year longer than the Confederacy existed.   ‘Heritage’ my ass.
Fun fact Abraham Lincoln was only supporting abolishment of slavery for votes he did no care whatsoever just like ghandi our “idols” are corrupt politicians who have no interest in being someone to look up to
the lost causers here are so funny bro
It's right to say that a lot of things in history are not black and white, the civil war is definitely not one of them, one side was upset they had to treat other human beings as human beings.
what a stunning and brave take.
Philza did a Hardcore Minecraft run that lasted longer than the Confederacy! (5 years)
You know, instead of trying to find a good excuse and avoid doobus' question, he could've just lied and say something like: "To make things completely free".
Here's the context though  At the time, slavery was still a controversial subject. Sure we can look back on it and think of it as an objective wrong BECAUSE we had a whole fucking war about it and we had several generations since telling us that it's wrong. But back in that time period, it really wasn't so black and white, which is why the issue of States vs Federal was so important. If you understand history, you understand history is ugly. And that doesn't mean just the side you didn't like is ugly. It all was. Because we're all looking at it from rose-colored glasses where we know things now that our ancestors had to figure out for us first.  A similar modern issue would be abortion, where one side considers it to be basically another holocaust, and the other considers human fetuses to be just clumps of cells with no intrinsic value. Who knows what history will say about this issue? We can't, because we're the ones writing it. Our progeny will write the scripts for us and label us based on the stances we took, depending on how the political winds go in that time period.
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Ride away (ride away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
States rights to own property
You could make the same argument about a USA person keeping a Confederacy flag as a German keeping a Nazi flag.
Be thankful that you are only getting Douglass'd and not Brown'd or Sherman'd.
this has smiling friends energy
States rights was the big picture issue, and slavery was the catalyst for conflict. IT is like the right and left today disagree over a ton of different shit, but if something pops off it will be a specific event. If the 2020 riots had continued and turned into war, 100 years from now books would say the 2nd civil war started over George Floyd. That isn't really true, and doesn't encompass the entire conflict that was going on in the country, but it is shorthand for people that aren't very smart.
States rights to nullify federal laws and have more political and economic power over the federal government.  The Vp of the confederacy’s speech has many different interpretations and VERSIONS which means y’all cannot use it as an identifier for a cause of the war.  Yes slavery had a part to play but the main issue was States Rights and it IS a very complex war and IS very gray  Abraham Lincoln had no intention to abolish slavery. The plan for the original 13th amendment was to keep slaves not abolish the institution. Slave states remained loyal to the union AND had slavery longer than slave states in the south.  The emancipation proclamation only freed slaves in captured confederate territory.   The majority of confederates fought for there homeland as they viewed the union as invaders.  Congress even declared the war was not about abolishing slavery but rather keeping the union.  Yes slavery is mentioned in some state succession documents but, the majority of those documents are about states rights and slavery is a minority that is mentioned in the documents.  Jefferson davis the president of the confederacy never mentioned slavery in his inauguration.  To simplify this complex war as a war about slavery is insensitive and ignorant. Yes, some rich folk wanted to keep there slaves, yes some rich plantation owners fought for slavery. Just because a minority in the south fought for slavery doesn’t mean it was all about slavery.  The north was anti-semitic during the war. The north committed war crimes. The north was anti-Catholic.  The union did NOT fight to end slavery but preserve the union. Lincoln offered the allow the south to keep all there slaves if they surrendered and stopped fighting.   The majority of confederates saw that the union was invading and the confederates wanted to defend their  homeland and families.  By calling the Confederacy evil and brandishing all confederates as defenders of slavery is insensitive and disrespectful.  Northern bankers got rich off of southern plantations by investing in them. The south is NOT to blame for slavery.  That is all i have at the top of my head right now.
The only confederate flag that matters is the white flag
A states right to secede. And keep in mind that the Union's goal from the beginning wasn't to free African slaves or any noble cause like that until the emancipation proclamation.  In my opinion, I do not think that neither lost causers or the mainstream narrative are correct. Lost causers say that slavery had nothing to do with the civil war, the mainstream narrative says that slavery was the only reason for the civil war.  I think slavery was a reason, and certainly a primary one at that but to proclaim it's the only reason is just as stupid as the lost causers.
"You're ignoring our other concerns-" "Yeah, but among the concerns was slavery, so I don't care." FINALLY SOMEONE HAS THE WORDS.
Shure, the main media view, insulting what they dont like or comprehend, making fun of it, if you were born in alabama in 1840 you will be the most racist guy out there but because you were born now you consider yourselve superior like and idiot. Slavery is bad ! You only said that because you were thought so. You arent a critic or a thinker, you are a joke of a "Critic" and reducing the whole point of the confederates to slavery its just plain stupid.   PD: The 80% of slave owners in america at that time were jews, people who dont even participate in the war.
The confederacy lost a war 150 years ago and its fans are still whining about it.
When you consider every nation got rich off slavery in the preceeding 800 years, the south had every right to be competitive. It's like trying to say Yemen is evil because they use labor slaves in 2024. They are so far behind America, China, Russia, and the EU, it would take slavery and then some to claw their way upward.  Just accept that society did not function without slaves before the advent of industrialization and then you can soap box about how bad slavery is. It's just painful listening to people that have no idea about anything historical outside of the big 4 (Revo war Civil War both World wars)
giga chad confirmed
Ok so have you actually done any research, yes the Confederates did ultimately leave because of 1-4 causes was slavery, but you also got to see the confederacy was big into states rights, so each confederate state let out a secession letter. Only 4 of these letters mentioned one of their causes being slavery. The other 9 states had other reasons most of them were because the North was being viewed as a tyrant trying to control everything, which bring up “to control slavery” well not really these young men fought for their home states, and most of them 86.6 percent of white southerners didn’t even own slaves but were still convinced that the north was being very tyrannical and no Abe even said he wasn’t going to take the slaves before he even was in office, Lincoln’s ultimate goal was to preserve the Union. So trying to say that all confederate men were slave owners is absolutely absurd. And you all should be ashamed that you are actually believing some of this 1 sided history shit. I’m a Northerner and I’m not blinded by these (Daughter of the Union) propaganda shit.
Maybe the state rights were the slaves we made along the way
“Could you answer my question you fucking traitor?” Love it
Fine except the 'traitor' line, you are all traitors to Westminster
They weren’t even a country 😂
Im pretty sure when southerners talk abt there heritage they arent tlking abt the 5 years of war but the way of life that they had been living for the 100+ years before then, slavery is bad we can all agree but getting ppl to realize it when its all they knew for generations was gna take a little longer than a few years
Animation remember Sr Pelo😂😂😂😂😂😂
i'm not even american, but that's a dumb argument. anything new doesn't have the right to stand? you know that democracy had a beginning too, right?
States right to own farm equipment.
Banger song the confederacy’s version sucked
To be fair to the confederacy, the Annoying Orange was extensibly drown out, and its still producing content to this day
"Get Douglass'd"  He would totally approve.  Also, based on DNA evidence, Jeffersson had multiple kids with one of his slaves. (Yes, really)
Nothing says "the narrative is right" like suppressing the other side's history, forcing your own story on everyone from childhood through adulthood in education, movies, TV shows, books, videos, etc. attacking anyone that deviates from said narrative, and constantly, endlessly repeating the narrative over and over all the way into the modern day. Eventually, people start asking why so much effort is needed to convince us of the truth if it's true and why hearing the other side is heresy most heinous.
Until you do some research into the Civil War and learn that the north was basically Nazi Germany at the time. So, pick your poison, I guess. You wanna be an oppressive regime that devastates the southern economy, suppresses its industrialization, and blockades its ports to support northern monopolies and control (which are illegal and the last one is flat-out against the US Constitution's explicit laws). Or do you want to fight against that stuff with the caveat that rich assholes who own your ass in the figurative sense own other peoples' asses in the literal sense.
Confederate Dixie land song does go hard
Imagine simping for a flag that didn’t even last that long. The timespan between dmc 4 and dmc 5 lasted longer than the confederacy.
🫡
From the river to the Sea to do what exactly? What are you gonna do when you go from that river to that Sea?
Even minecraft legacy edition outlived em 💀💀
No kidding
I love that Mr. Terry reacted to this. You are officially Mr. Terry certified.and that is so funny for no reason
I never knew Confederates lasted that long, like its so funny annoying orange outlived it lmao 🤣
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
And texas left mexico for the same reason and even gave up land to keep slavery.
Things that have lasted longer than the Confederacy:  Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia: 1945-1992  Absence of Doctor Who from television 1989-2005  Commodore International 1955-1994  Windows XP support 2001-2014  PlayStation 1 development (including the time the SNES-CD development lasted) 1988-1994
Nazis have been around longer than the confederacy, imagine getting outlived by adolf fucking hitler, that is just sad
I love that you watch atun shei hes so under-rated
America is one of the very few countries to celebrate and memorialize a failed rebellion against the existing state. I actually don’t know any other countries off the top of my head that replicates this.
As a black man who recently has moved to an EXTREMELY racist small southern town and married a country raised blonde farm girl. I can tell you first hand, saddly that ALOT of these idiots, dont even realize how horribly racist they are. Because they were raised by people not knowing that the beliefs theyve come up On are horribly flawed.   Of course you still have your idiots who do know what they are saying is terrible. But the WORST kind of racist, is the one who quite litterally DOESNT EVEN UNDERSTAND why they are racist
Ya know what’s wild the confederate traitors raised 100,000 men to fight Before the war started they then sabotaged and took over many military installations along the border also Before the war started it was only after the unprovoked attacks that the union raised 76,000 troops in hopes of stopping conflict altogether which made the literal traitors wine and cry about being attacked for “nO rEaSOn” until modern day even
English colonists argue about patriotism in America:
yes but also the south wanted to secede for other reasons. it had nothing to do with slavery till Lincoln made it about slavery to get black people to join the union army. look at old civil war songs you'll be hard pressed to find any mentions of fighting against slavery but will find lots of references to fighting to preserve the union and calling the south traitors for wanting to leave the union.
A common theme that confederates will use against Lincoln is the Corwin Amendment, a drafted amendment that would’ve allowed states the full unalienable right to choose if they allowed slavery in the constitution. If they reference Lincoln not having a problem with the Corwin Amendment as a reason that he was okay with slavery, just remind the Confederate traitors this: -Lincoln didn’t publicly accept the Corwin Amendment. He merely passed the draft around to see how the others would react. -He was willing to use it as a last ditch effort to keep the Union alive, as that was his highest priority. -The Corwin Amendment was being drafted before he became president, so no, he didn’t create it himself. -Once the war started, BY THE CONFEDERATES, he threw the amendment out, and once he won the war, he threw off his thinly veiled abolitionist views, and then helped make the 13th amendment happen. -Lincoln never even acknowledged the Confederates as a real separate country, refusing to even receive any letters entitled under the confederate state.
You have unironically inspired me to pursue my artistic passions. Every frame of this should be in a museum
"But mocking confederates is a patriotic all year-'round!" I have been looking for that 'a', all over. I finally found it! YOINK "But mocking confederates is patriotic all year-'round!" I'll be taking this: a Don't ask what it's for. It's classified.
What's funny is people thinking Lincon actually wanted slavery abolished, he really didn't care about slavery. It was just a side product of what happened.
From what I've seen only 3 states still wanted slavery and even then the trend was on the way out as the American industrial revolution was changing how goods were produced. So even if the north left the south alone slavery would have likely been abolished anyway since the abolishment movement was pretty strong.  They weren't evil for going along with an institution that's as old as human history, they were just lagging behind. Unfortunately the people who shout "slavery bad" the loudest tend to be the same dingus's that voted for Biden, an overt racist with a political history that was openly against civil rights.
The civil war is like this state vs State
The flag looks awesome though although it's very aggressive.   Also America was build on civil war. Educate yourselves, Apes
The Annoying Orange not only outlasted the Confederacy, but Nazi Germany too.
I have been to a few Civil War sites in each of the Southern States, but I have yet to see one that says a peep about “States’ rights”.
The Lost Cause myth in a nutshell.
Based!
Minions have lived longer than the confederacy.
“Can you answer my question, you fucking traitor?” 😂
"By the way, could you answer my question, you fucking traitor?" literally flies by so fast you almost miss the fact it's the best line in this whole thing
I love the tiny little bap sound when you call in Freddie Freedom Elbow! just followed by the most agonizing scream LMAO
"Very few things in history are black and white!" Funny, that wasn't the confederacy's view on people in general.
Did my comment get removed because I stated a literal fact that I learned in school?
Jesus what’s with the south apologists in the comments, read the fucking room
"Stop oppressing us from oppressing others!1!!1!11!"
Geometry dash fans waited longer for 1 UPDATE
I like coming back to the comments every so often to see the latest crop of slavery apologists get their asses handed to them. Confederacy = slavery
things that lasted longer than the confederacy:  troll face  matpat in youtube  overwatch-  my hamster-
The German empire outlived the confederecy by 10 times. But you don't hear germans saying its their heritage.
The confederacy wasnt about just slavery. Thats an incredibly binary view. The confederate states were fed up with high taxes, little to no say in national policy and no fair representation. Yes they wanted to keep their slaves and thats wrong. But just like the north im sure it would have been fazed out eventually. The north just thought of it first. Dont pretend like the north NEVER used slaves either.
The Wano arc of One Piece lasted about as long, and was far more beneficial to humanity
Glad to know my dog lasted longer than the confederates and she still is alive to mock them.
The Golden Girls were around longer than the confederacy. Leeaboos are delusional.
Both the north and south were on the right side of wrong.   We go around parading this and how the south (democrats AND Republicans) was all wrong, but wont parade around the fact that the republican party and democratic party had a HUGE shift and FLIPPED. So todays Republicans were yesterdays democrats and so on. Nothing has changed, And we still want to argue with one another like this crap isnt rigged against the working man.
Looks like Texas needs a little reminder
Team Fortress 2, Lego, Super Smash Brothers, and Veggietales were all part of my childhood. They also all lasted longer than the confederacy.
Wow doobus is so woke >:((( /j
"Can you answer my question you fucking traitor" brilliant
The defences for the Confederacy ultimately boil down to "It wasn't black, it was very very very dark grey"
POV: Newest first
Funny thing is  Apparently the CSA had a more powerful Federal Government, ASWELL as more experienced Generals, and were even winning the war for awhile  And they still fuggin lost  It’s poetic
Wow thank you for telling us one of the 2 things we learned in highschool
Lincoln was the same.
Yknow, pizza tower's first dev build came out in 2018, meaning pizza tower's been around longer than the confederacy. These slavery-defending losers are really dead set on defending an absolute joke of a "nation" aren't they?
LOVE TO CONFEDERACY FROM FINLAND. ONE STRUGGLE
I love this comment section. Look how the tables have turned on the South and North. North everyday making this country SHIT.
They weren’t even good at being the bad guys. Fascist Italy lasted longer, and they surrendered and switched sides mid-stream.
Ash Ketchum's anime run lasted 5 times longer than the Confederacy 😅
this should not be so relevant,  because we might be getting into another civil war due to a southern state ironically enough
Freddy Dougy W
A lot of people support it cuz its an important part of American history, other than that its bad
doobus goobus 4 prez 2024!
Southern independence? Northern alliance? Is america still living in game of thrones times?
confederacy was good
Let me answer the question: "A State's right to secede."  I suggest watching Razorfist's video on the subject before making a further ass of yourself.
Here after Texas Governor Greg Abbott was like "I don't give a fuck what the Supreme Court says, I'm gonna keep using razor wire at the border because it kills brown people." And then Trump was like "Yo y'all should secede actually."  I fucking hate this state.
Ah yes the war of northern aggression
Most controversial lib take:
The Doritos locos taco from Taco Bell lasted longer than the confederacy
I'll be honest, when you said "get douglass'd", I was expecting Jack Douglass.
What did the North not want you to do? Secure the southern border? Texas is racist -fed shills -circa 2024
At the heart of it all these people seem to just fetishise the idea of being on the rebellious side of history, so they’ve invented this whitewashed fantasy version of the confederacy to justify it. I can almost understand it with a flag that epic.
Ppl still defend the confederacy in 2024? Come on now…
In the Confederate Constitution, it clearly states "The natural state of the Black man is on his knees at the feet of the White man."    It doesn't get much more cut-and-dried than that.
The american civil war on a national outlook is one of those few times where it legit is black and white with very very little gray. Always refreshing to return to it after diving into something more obscure and gray.
Kidnapping blacks from their ancestral homeland was a bad idea and everyone would be better off if that never happened.
bro you could make the same argument about the Nazis and how they justified taking over the world  because in their eyes they are the good guys!
That was the most straw man argument I’ve ever seen.
AAAAAAAAWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS!
Doobus. I've come to this video because I've seen people trying to defend the Confederacy again. More people need to see this video and understand that the Confederacy was bad.
Wait since when did people think that it wasn't about slavery at all lol
You're not wrong in how you feel, Doobus Goobus.  What kills me is how people ONLY focus on Slavery and act like Lincoln was some kind of Hero.  There is no argument that he did the right thing but it was for ALL THE WRONG REASONS!  Even when he got into office, he didn't give a crap about Slavery and said that it as States' Rights.  (What's this? A Politician going back on his campaign promises?  What a shock!)  "I have no purpose, directly or in-directly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists.  I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so." - Excerpt from paragraph 2 of Lincoln's First Message to the U.S. Congress, penned July 4, 1861.  What was the spark for Secession was the Morrill Tax passed that same session.  "My policy seeks only to collect the Revenue, (a 40 percent federal sales tax on imports to Southern States under the Morrill Tariff Act of 1861)." - Excerpt from paragraph 5 of Lincoln's First Message to the U.S. Congress, penned July 4, 1861.  While 40% seemed harsh, it made sense.  He was more or less taxing them for using slave labor.  However, this Morrill Tariff Act went overboard.  It made it so that the South could sell ONLY to the Northern States eight months out of the year where they were to be taxed 40% of the sales to but ALSO from the North... and to top it off, when they COULD sell internationally, the Morril Tax charged them for **50%** of the going value!  However, the Harshness could have worked if not for one certain thing: it was truly a one-sided Tax that was passed in a one-sided fashion  The Morrill Tax was founded by Vermont Congressman Justin Morrill and the Northern States unanimously pushed it through on March 2, 1861.  A Tax that only effects the Southern States.  Needless to say, this pissed off he South with them citing the violation of their Constitutional Right of, "No Taxation Without Representation".  So of course, the seceded, which was also a Constitutional Right...  ...Constitutional Rights which President Lincoln decided to deny by going back on his original apathy for Slavery and deciding to frame the Civil War with the Moral Justification of, "FREEING THE SLAVES!"  It was never just about Slavery.  It was about Free Enterprise on both sides of the divide.  As usual, things only got better and human suffering was ended when someone could profit over it.  Truly, it was a dark time where there were NO good people and laws and proper conduct on both sides ignored over stubbornness, pride, and wealth.
The greater irony is that, at its peak, the Confederacy had a larger, more powerful federal government than the Union did at the time.  So the whole state's rights argument really falls flat when confronted with that fact.
You see it's real simple: violating basic human rights is one thing, but interfering with states rights, now that's just unacceptable.
Pro-Confederates don’t mention slavery because A) they like the idea; B) they know their opinion on it is overwhelmingly unpopular; and C) their overwhelmingly unpopular opinion on slavery will cost them their livelihoods if they openly expressed the quiet part out loud.   The “state’s rights” argument is both a disguise to “hide” (albeit poorly) their views from the public and a signal to others who share those views.   It’s also why so many of these pro-Confederates support the whole Trump/MAGA fiasco because to them, the Confederacy was the era when America was at its greatest.
Didn't he get deth threats from the song at the end being put on Twitter
Name the stupidest thing other than the Wii U and the Annoying Orange that outlived the Confederacy
Here's something for the "educated" in the room slavery was a fact of life, hell even the northern states wanted to free the slaves and send them back to Africa. By having this low iq opinion you are outlawing any discussion on root causes. Before anyone says it, no im not defending the democrats and their desire to enslave every minority or hinder their rights all the way up to 1994 (crime bill).
I come back to this video due to recent events cause by texas and get a genuine laugh, god bless the united states. Hoop to get a similar video when the current secession crisis is over
Basically being part of society is supporting slavery cause everything we get is done by a slaves so that's kinda why if you want to pay them from overseas out of your taxes okay but these people will be killed when they don't make there quota anyway it's why i say don't condemn something if you're supporting it so i say i don't really like it but it's a neccesary evil that other contries like china russa koriesn and many places have so all in all the critize the cofrdry then critize others alobg with goggle YouTube apple Netflix any and everything because i for one support slavery as a necessary evil you can hate it but using any technology or clothing basically you're pentized for being a natrilst thus being a anti slavery so as someone bringing a argument for why your absolutely a hyprcrit if you're using things that were made by slaves well condeming slavery so yeah i ain't gonna condemn slavery
On one hand I think slavery is wrong on the other hand every single thing we get affordable and great whether phone TV any technology advance t is a from a labor slave camp b from a Chinese camp for say are clothes that we were and c it's says ethically sourced so slaves but not harmly go the environment
VIRGINIA IS WITH YOU TEXAS! We are a band of brothers and native to the soil   Fighting for our liberty, with treasure, blood and toil   And when our rights were threatened, the cry rose near and far   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star!  Hurrah!  Hurrah!   For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.    As long as the Union was faithful to her trust   Like friends and like brethren, kind we were, and just   But now, when Northern treachery attempts our rights to mar   We hoist on high the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.  Hurrah!  Hurrah!    For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.    First gallant South Carolina nobly made the stand   Then came Alabama and took her by the hand   Next, quickly Mississippi, Georgia, and Florida   All raised on high the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.  Hurrah!  Hurrah!   For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star. Now here’s to brave Virginia, the old Dominion State,   With the young Confederacy at length has linked her fate,   Impelled by her example, now other states prepare   To hoist high the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.  Hurrah!  Hurrah!   For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.    Then cheer, boys, cheer, and raise a joyous shout   For Arkansas and North Carolina now have both gone out,   And let another rousing cheer for Tennessee be given,   The single star of the Bonnie Blue Flag has grown to be eleven.  Hurrah!  Hurrah!   For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.    Then here’s to our Confederacy, strong we are and brave,   Like patriots of old we’ll fight, our heritage to save;   And rather than submit to shame, to die we would prefer,   So cheer, cheer for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.  Hurrah!  Hurrah!   For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star.  Hurrah!  Hurrah!   For Southern rights, hurrah!   Hurrah for the Bonnie Blue Flag that bears a single star!
TRUE AND BASED. Glory unto Sherman.
Listen boi, if this gets erased from history. We repeat history if it's not written. We do not want to do this again. I'm a confederate, and yes slavery is bad, I agree. But boi, let people enjoy there history
Not going to say Confederacy was all innocent, but the Union was way worse. Way way friggin worse. They were the aggressors, still had slaves of their own until the end, and destroyed a whole bunch of towns when they didn't have to.
They weren't even trying to stop the South from seceding. They already seceded and there was way more than just slavery at stake here.
Yeah the north didn't keep slavery going on, but they were the ones that did way more massacres. Guess people conveniently forgot how many villages and towns they destroyed. If they were the good guys, why did they go out of their way to torch so many towns and not just defeat the South, but absolutely cripple them? Or the fact that journalists got arrested for speaking out during the war, too. I mean, the South wasn't perfect either, but the North was way worse than people say.
Q: States rights to do what? A: The job the federal government refuses to do at the border.
Ngl I'm from Georgia and in 8th grade we took Georgia studies and this pretty much sums up like the 2nd quarter of the school year
Never understood the 'taitor' part considering the US was formed via treason.
State’s Rights to not get taxed into oblivion.
The Confederacy was eivl and all the people who support it these days renenforce this fact.
Wait a goddamn minute...annoying orange is still a thing?
Minecraft has lived long enough to start 3 whole Confederacies back-to-back.
The states had a right to pass laws, and taxes on their own, without the Federal government coming in and forcing them to do so. They also had the right to adopt, or not adopt any societal norms that others may have found not so great. At the end of the day, its a question of, would you prefer states to have more power, or the federal government, and well, we have seen just how well the federal government has been doing.
As the author Walker Percy noticed, 'After the Civil War, the South got rich. The North got the Negro and now northerners are moving to the suburbs to get away from them." Apparently, that wasn't the victory the Yankees hoped for.
Interesting to note about "state rights", the confederate constitution made it illegal for it's members to abolish slavery... But yea, the war was totally about state rights!
this video is coming across my home page again, sTaTe'S RiGhTs!!
This is why John Brown is my sprit animal
Video is both hilarious, and a really great showcase on holding people accountable in a debate.  Ask a question and don't relent until they answer that question fully and openly.
"By the way, could you answer my question you f*ckin' traitor: STATES' RIGHT TO DO WHAT?"
THANK YOU! I HEAR THIS SHIT IN FLORIDA EVERY DAY BRO
Great but hear me out: Dukes of Hazzard was the shit
HAHAHAH I'M BRAINWASHED AND YOU'RE NOT HAHAHAHAH
And the icing on the cake is the confedracy were democrats
7.7k people disliked
i live in the south,I WANT TO MOVE BUT I DONT HAVE MONEY
yeah, black and white people should be equal. slavery is bad
The whole doctrine of so-called "States' Rights" was invented by the southern states as legal theory for defending their supposed "right" to be slave states, and of course they constantly invoked it for that purpose. Then, after the Civil War, they used it to protect Jim Crow laws and racial segregation. The phrase "States' Rights" is just euphemism for these things
A great thing about this video is the jokes in the captions.
I really like this because it continues the idea that most pro-abortion arguments line up 1 to 1 with pro-slavery arguments.  "It's about state's/Women's rights" "They're not actually people" "We shouldn't tell other people what do do" "They're better like this" "We're in different situations so you should have no say in it"
Imagine the annoying orange outliving your made up political party
You’re gonna celebrate a national so fucking weak. The Annoying Orange outlived it 😭😭😭
Huh, okay, but slavery is an overall benefit until racism gets involved, I mean we still rely solely on slavery of other animals for so many things, and even when racism gets involved it only matters if they are able to speak a language humans are able to understand, otherwise we'll write them off as being less intelligent inferior beings just like we did the black men, racism was just an excuse for slavery since the idealists amongst us were against various things like cannibalism, inflicting suffering, and other bull crud to living beings, and so the only way the idealists could deal with the fact that others were committing these acts that they considered morally wrong was by saying the people that had this done to them were not in fact even worthy of being called a living being so therefore it is okay, but then this ended up being impractical since racism is not very beneficial since this was a system where everyone had equal rights except slaves, so naturally equal rights have to be taken away, but then all kinds of problems end up happening due to the fact that you just took away some huge part of the people's rights, which you know turns out is actually pretty bad due to the amount of power it takes away from the fundamental rules that hold the system together in people's minds which have always been rather finicky, you end up having to get rid of slavery which is a beneficial thing because it turns out the American people just don't handle that well. But all of that aside, slavery itself is not the problem, it would be incredibly infeasible to get rid of it too, that's what farms are, cotton farms are no different than any other farm aside from there being black men as well as the cotton itself being enslaved. It's just the idealists have been able to work on the idea that plants and other animals are inferior for far longer so it's not really even considered slavery anymore. But regardless, none of this really matters until we get really desperate anyway, we're not exactly in great need of enslaving or cannibalizing anyone at the moment, but if it becomes necessity, nobody will even put in a second thought, when people get stranded in the middle of nowhere, they start eating each other before they even start to feel hunger, sometimes within less than an hour they'll have already have killed and begun consumption of fellow man, all the idealism in the world doesn't really matter once you get down to it, I preach to the choir, given necessity you nor any other would likely hesitate to enslave. However, that's just my opinion on the subject! After all there are no true facts! Would you too like to join in the ideologies that make cannibalism acceptable, we have cookies! Just don't ask what they're made of...
Freedom from the Federal Government should go hand in hand with freedom from the State Government.
Annoying Orange lasted longer than the Confederacy???  Color me orange man bad…
I can ignore all other things because slavery is evil. Why is slavery evil?
It’s insane how people who claim to be patriots actively support literal traitors
"SLAVERY IS EVIL" is like saying "KILLING IS EVIL" or "WAR IS EVIL" it is stating the obvious yet unavoidable reality of our world. Once Europeans ended human slavery we continued animal slavery, wage slavery and up to today technlogical slavery.
States rights to enslave and opress black people and then attack the north to make the south more powerful that's what they would use the "states rights" to do
0:56 “could you answer my question you fucking traitor”
Slavery and lower tariffs
Get Douglass'd
I mean, as a historian, no one in their right mind would defend slavery. But that also shouldn't immediately nullify their other points. The Romans had slaves all over the place from everywhere and slaughtered people by the hundreds of thousands but we can still admire their accomplishments and still say their troubles were validated. At the time of secession, South Carolina was paying 80% of the nation's taxes, plus, the Northern states (not even caring about slavery, just didn’t want the South to have power) kept the South from having more representation that would give them more power. The Northern politicians actually used slavery as a scapegoat for deeper political reasons. Again, not saying slavery is good or that the war wasn't justified on that front, but that history is never one-and-done, and we shouldn't look at one thing in history and make generalizations just because it's convenient.
I understand your point, and the issue that brought it into sharp relief was indeed slavery, but it was about states' rights to self determinization. They did not believe that the federal government should be allowed to have the level of oversight required to permanently outlaw slavery, and because Lincoln was likely to do so, they seceded.
Razörfist being a little b
"I am the smart and quickwitted chad wojak while you are the bumbling idiotic soyjack in my cartoon"
1:14
While slavery was a part of the states rights they were worried about, they were also worried about the federal government interfering with internal and state affairs. Not giving the confederacy a pass.
People who support slavery only want it because they want to oppress a specific race. Nobody in their right mind would want to legalize slavery in a way that could get themselves turned into slaves.
Get Douglass'd
The Union openly endorsed and benefited from slave labor, and refused to even humor Abolitionists until past the Civil War.
Slavery wasn’t wrong prove me wrong. FYI you can’t 🤣
Why is slavery wrong? People bring up abuse, but if there was no abuse then slavery would be ok?
They are *insurgents* , *insurrectionists* , and *domestic terrorists* , anything BUT patriots. The confederate states still do not want to live in the US in 2023, they want to make their own laws and exist in their own world, away from anyone or anything unlike themselves.
Away down south in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away), Come away (come away), Right away (right away), Come away Where cotton’s king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away), Come away (come away), Right away (right away), Come away We’ll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away, away, we’ll all go down to Dixie Away, away, we’ll all go down to Dixie
if you think the civil war was just about slavery youve been brainwashed by the school system.  ending slavery was just a way to bolster the unions ranks by allowing former slaves to fight and die for a country that just recognized them as free citizens but not as equal citizens until all those vets were dead and gone.  the civil war was fought because southern states didnt feel as represented or as respected as northern states and felt bullied by northern states in congress.  this overarching issue still hasnt been solved and in other democratic countries have separated over the same issue, and id even say that the u.s. is on the brink of another civil war. basically larger population centers have different needs than areas with smaller populations. in Illinois this means chicago and springfield trample the rural areas (hi) when passing laws because they have more representation since every person has an equal vote (this is why districts exist and why gerrymandering is bad (also the Illinois districts make a 50%rep/50%dem state in population to be just about 20%rep/80%dem which proves gerrymandering)) so basically the needs and wants of city centers are met at the expense of the rural areas  how this was fixed in the civil war was the north steamrolled the south literally and figuratively so that the south had no ability to revolt again and made the situation so bad that a lot of people couldnt recover let alone care to vote. it also killed the souths representation in congress since so many people left the poverty-stricken south to be able to survive in the north. also this is why texas still wants to secede.
gotta love the shitty president we got after Lincoln that decided that reconstruction of the south wasn't a big deal and basically just sat back and let the south return to it's old ways never really removed the confederacy, and then a few decades later Wilson comes along and gives the presidential endorsement on the lost cause myth and now I have to deal with wanna be confederates in eastern washington state flying confederate flags on their trucks because the traitors are the national pride of that whole half of the US political spectrum
Even ignoring the Confederacy, about 1/4 of the land (parts of FL, MS, and LA, and most of GA and AL) were confiscated Indian land so the folks there hadn't even been settled on that land for 30 years when the Civil War started.  Also I'll always lol that they call it the War of Northern Aggression when the traitors literally fired the first shots and started it
All historical debates aside.  This animation is good. The animation is really funny, made with a consistent style, and the choices made are supporting that art style well and makes all the characters look fun as they move.  Good work 👍
Onlyfans has been around longer than the confederacy
"states rights" said weeb for a nation that lasted 5 years, was defined by a slavery and that banned guns for non soldiers
The Confederacy is like, 10 minutes worth of gameplay in EU4
There’s no way I’m laughing my ass off over the fact The Annoying Orange outlived the Confederacy
Work of art.
Doobus vs Razorfist debate when?
Bro this guy has no idea about history. Imagine strawmaning this hard in 2023 to get racial and woke likes. What a scumbag lmao. Says alot about this guys character.
NEVER LOOK AT THE NEWEST COMMENTS WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE
things with a longer lifespan than the confederacy: -Minecraft -Obama's presidency -Fortnite -Sans Undertale -Attack on Titan's release schedule -One Punch Man -the Ben Shapiro Show -Dream's youtube channel
States rights to leave the Union.
yankee coal
I say this every time y ou bu tt po unders cry about y ou r "rights"
There is a lot of blurred out historical points regarding parts of the Confederacy. The reason why is existed is not one of them😂
Slavery is evil??? are you serious???
States' Rights apologists get real quiet every time someone brings up the Fugitive Slave Act.
States right to secede.
Honestly mentioning the Republic of Texas and how that lasted 10 years would be fucking hilarious, a PART of the Confederacy was independent for LONGER than the Confederacy was.
also the flag was made by slave that were forced into the war. that did not want to get shot by the other confederations armies because they were handed down uniforms of union soldiers
the only other tiny reason for the succesion was money but slavery ties into that so :|
Good to see another person who appreciates the masterpiece that is The Union Dixie
Your gonna hate me for this but they didn’t want to be oppressed because they were afraid the union was going to make tariff taxes. Don’t just put one person in the wrong and make them seem like an idiot because you can’t have a civil conversation with and can’t interrupt them for more than 5 seconds. You draw the man in such a light he looks stupid while you are boosting your ego by making your self a social justice warrior.
I like a good argument.First let me state, even as a joke, this is very historically inaccurate. 1. States Rights. The state is supposed to protect it's citizenry from all threats. Even, if you are a novice Assassins Creed player you should be familiar with the Haitian Revolution and that it was a genocide of all French people, even if you were helping slaves. This is the same time period. Ask yourself, hey let's free a large swath of people who have reason to resent us. Look at this Genocide and go maybe not the best time. 2. What slavery was in the American North vs South. In this North it is commonly viewed as a luxury, whereas in the South it was primarily on plantations. While it certainly could have been removed. It would have started a recession in the American South. This would be akin to asking all American companies that use Chinese products to stop due to 'slavery' in China. Companies could survive but there would be detrimental affects. 3. This video commits the biggest taboo with history: Applying modern day morals onto things from a previous time period. Slavery was a thing that occured in every country. Go look at who was selling those slaves in Africa. Before modernity, you lost a war, slavery was the answer because you would be killed otherwise. It isn't a white institution, even in Erica  While the majority of people placed as American were white and thus a similar majority were white but it's not like Indians and freed blacks did not own slaves. Please stick to Ace Attorney cause trying to frame things as black or white in history generally makes you look like a dunce
Post your physique
I hadn’t actually considered that the annoying orange is more a part of our heritage than the confederacy.
My heritage is destroying southern heritage.
interesting that the old guy was the first one to mention the possibility of it being about slavery, very nice touch
I appreciate that Doobus cited his sources, he didn't need to do this for a video that's shorter that 2 minutes, but he did anyway. Also Atun-Shei, nice.
man, i whole heartedly agree with you but dang that was bruttle
I love how you used Lincoln from clone high as Lincoln XD
Arguably, the States' right to not be ruled by someone who didn't even appear on the ballot.  I believe aside of VA, the rest of the states* that seceded could not even vote for Republican Lincoln if they wanted to.  For them, it was an election between the Southern Democrat Beckenridge or the Constitutional Unionist Bell, with some also voting for the "third party" candidate of Northern Democrat Douglas.  Whereas in the North you could vote for any of those three* or Lincoln.  I mean, I know the Confederacy's Constitution explicitly protects "their peculiar institution," but that was on the path to die out naturally in the next few decades, likely by the turn of the 20th century.      Makes you wonder what will happen when people start suing in the Supreme Court to exclude politicians from the ballots of the 2024 elections...   *(SC the people did not vote for president, the state voted for president on their behalf) **(Beckinridge wasn't on the ballot of NY/NJ/PA, Bell wasn't on the ballot of NY/NJ)
State rights to own slaves! Like the founding fathers actually never intended because they were pretty much forced to accept slavery or fall apart and be picked off by anyone wiling to do so.
To secede
It's crazy when you read the constitution the confederate states wrote up how it mirrored the US constitution except for slavery. Now I'm not going to argue that every single person in the confederate military necessarily were on board with slavery, I imagine like every other volunteer military they had their own reasons for fighting for the confederacy. But it is clear that the leadership of the confederacy and with the exception of two states when they succeeded that the reason they left was chiefly slavery.
0:36 Also, that's in Modern English. There is no question of what Stephens meant.
they still want their slavery
Way back down in the land of traitors!
The confederacy was inherently racist according to the reasoning of the states joining like wanted whites to be superior to blacks to keep slavery
The correct answer is the State's right to secede, but that's a lesson for another day.
I just realized that I am older than the confederacy
Genuinely don't get how the Confederacy is somebody's heritage when that shit lasted the same time as COVID
I support the confederacy, but I am also racist
Fun fact, The Declaration of Causes of Seceding States, which includes, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina, Texas, and Virginia slave(s) or slavery SPECIFICIALLY 84 times. Taxes show up twice. Government, all mentions of it, federal or otherwise, show up 66 times.
The Civil War wasn't just about slavery. It was about state freights and a whole bunch of other stuff not just slavery
Lincoln was willing to have slavery amended into the Constitution and the South still seceded. Slavery is evil and both sides had people who were ok with it.
You're just mad. 365,000 yankees lying stiff in southern soil to only 260,000 patriots lost.
The whole, “States’ rights,” thing might have something to do with the fact that slavery was integral to the Southern economy at the time, so to them, it was about the right to much more than *just* slavery, but obviously, it was still all about slavery in the end     The Confederacy was nothing but a racist, pro-slavery institution regardless of the “rights” they were fighting for.
Pokémon outlived the Confederacy by 6 1/2 times, so we should (And do!) make statues of Pokémon in the US.
In all honesty, both the states rights excuse and even slavery itself aren't the real root of why the confederacy was formed. This is going to make it sound mundane but this actually makes it worse than slavery being the focus. Slavery was a means to an end. The real issue was that the south had no industrial or commercial base for their economy. The south was pretty much entirely dependent on agriculture and the staples produced like cotton. However this agricultural system hinged on the cheap labor of the slaves (whether or not slaves were paid, money was still needed to give them what they needed to live) to the point that NOT having slaves would have crashed the southern economy.  Don't get me wrong, slavery is evil. But the slavery in the south is just an extreme version of the indentured servitude and employee abuse that has been going on all over the world throughout human history. Soberingly, the root cause of the civil war was the same cause for most of humankind's misery. The pursuit of money and material gain to the exclusion of morality while doing anything to get it.
States rights was bullshit because if a state actually wanted to abolish slavery the NEW CONFEDERATE CONSTITUTION, which was basically the same as the US, added the provision: "Hey you little shits you can't abolish slavery or limit slave owners moving slaves across states lines, this is the white mans game PS slavery is awesome." So if anything states had the same number of rights than when in the union (the right being Fed says if slavery is cool. Spoiler: it wasn't)
Some more things that lasted longer than the Confederacy: - Steven Universe - The wait for the FNAF movie - The Pokémon anime - The Disney Renaissance - The peak of my obsession with dragons - The Wings of Fire book series - Miraculous Ladybug (still going) - The period of time between the release of HTTYD 1 and 3 - The period of time between the release of HTTYD *2* and 3 - The period between the beginning of Percy Jackson and the Olympians and the end of Heroes of Olympus *-SMG4* (still going) - The Harry Potter series - Both of my dogs (still here) - The period between Taylor Swift’s first album and her most recent one - The wait for Hollow Knight: Silksong ( s t i l l  g o i n g ) - My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic - The length of time between Bo Burnham’s first and most recent specials - The Star Wars franchise ( s t i l l  g o i n g )  I could go on for ages, but I think y’all get the point.
Going to be honest here. The British only would have supported the Confederacy to act as a buffer state to the United Sates. Plus the Confederacy would be very impoverished agrarian nation in a slowly Industrializing world. Also add the possibility that Confederacy would eventually hold a referendum to rejoin the United Sates in the future.
what maxes this funnier that every justification they have for the confederacy existing that seems unrelated to slavery leads back to it anyway
This is a weird episode of Checkmate Lincolnites
Here are 50 things that have also lasted longer than the Confederacy:  1. Barbie 2. The Poop Emoji 3. Google 4. Scooby-Doo Franchise 5. The Twilight Franchise 6. Pixar 7. My Little Pony 8. Pokémon 9. Digimon 10. Bakugan 11. Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends 12. Sailor Moon 13. The Simpsons 14. Full House 15. Sonic The Hedgehog 16. Santa Clause 17. Postman Pat 18. Doobus Goobus 19. Animaniacs 20. Mobile Suit Gundam 21. Grumpy Cat 22. YTPS 23. Dr. Seuss 24. X-Men 25. Looney Tunes 26. Super Mario Brothers 27. Disney 28. SpongeBob SquarePants 29. Impractical Jokers 30. Memes 31. Tupperware 32. Bojack Horseman 33. Nostalgia Critic 34. Pac-Man 35. Legend of Zelda 36. Yugioh 37. Pumpkin Spiced Lattes 38. Adventure Time 39. The Avengers 40. Dreamworks 41.Twitter 42. Tumblr 43. The Muppets 44. Arthur 45. Daft Punk 46. Dora The Explorer 47. Paw Patrol 48. Barney The Dinosaur 49. King of the Hill 50. Memes about Steamed Hams
Abolition was not a big thing in the North in 1860. It was a minority view point. Abolitionists were seen as being a bit extreme. Northerners actually probably cared less about the slaves than Southerners did. To the Southerners, blacks were friends, family and neighbours.. Many of them were literally related to their masters. The White Southerners mostly treated the slaves pretty well.. partly because they were literally their friends and family and also because in some cases they were their property. Don't most people treat their property well? Where as in the North there were much less black people are the people were actually more racist towards and afraid of black people. The Irish for eg generally hated the free blacks, because they were competing with them for all the low paid jobs. The Irish were also discriminated against by the Yankees. The Notherners didn't give a damn about the slaves. Lincoln was not an abolitionist. He used emancipation as a cynical war tactic, half way through the war when it looked like the South might win. He would have freed no slaves if the North could win without freeing them. Most Southerners didn't own slaves and were fighting to defend their home states against Yankee invasion.
1:13 get Douglass’ed
if you like the confederacy that puts you on team slavery instead of on team slavery and genocide which is a bad thing to unionists
I'm sorry, I don't speak TRAITOR TO THE UNION.
What I find hilarious is when they say "The Union boys lied about that they were good guys" And then you show what the newspapers were talking about at the time and suddenly they start going off on a stupid rant unrelated to the civil war. Speaking of the Civil war the first submarine attack on a boat happened during the Civil war. Also the saying "Damned the torpedoes full speed ahead" was from the civil war. Lots of stuff you would not have guessed.
An achievement on the game The Stanley Parable is called “Go Outside” where you can’t play the game for five years.   A joke achievement that you can realistically get requires you to not play the game for longer than the Confederacy’s lifespan.
I mean this is a simple way to look at it, basically through a modern lens from and based of the books of the victor
Yknow something I NEVER hear talked about much is how, exactly, well the confederacy actually, yknow, governed? I don't mean that in a pro-Confederate way but in a "it seems awfully convenient that we never seem to talk about what exactly the confederacys tax policy was, or how they intended to handle things like propery disputes or even the very important question of, even assuming the civil war resulted in them successfully leaving the union, what exactly was their plan for keeping each other in line and working together and preventing the confederate state from devolving into its own civil war? I mean you'd have all these people together who have just proven that they're ALL willing to break from whatever agreement is made, so how exactly would they all be kept from just going rogue?" kinda way.  Like, I dunno man, no government is ever perfect but I have my doubts that the people behind the Confederacy would have been able to maintain it for the long haul. I mean all successfully suceeding would have done was show other states that they didn't have to hold to one anothers crap and that point they'd have become less "states" and more like little mini "countries" and you just /know/ England or some other colonialist superpower would've swaggered on in to take advantage of the inevitable chaos to take power.
The Wii U lasted 5 years. Imagine being outlived by the Wii U.
@Atun-Shei Films
someone let Nimarata Randhawa (Nikki Haley) know about this, she is in need of a crucial history lesson
Get douglas’d
Now do Israel.
half those states also seceded from MExico for half the same reasons first. The other half were manifest destiny
I love how goobus is so done with racist slavery apologists. Anyone who lies and distorts history for the confederate is racist plain and simple.
this video is the definition of a strawman argument.
The Confederacy will be back!
My country is older than USA, long live Confederation.
Bro I moved and now all I see are confederate flags. I now use this in a talking point.
Minor correction, Lincoln’s 1861 campaign never called for abolition, only to prevent the further spread of slavery.  More details below: The plan was still the destruction of slavery. The means of which were metaphorical strangulation. Slavery in the south was unsustainable in its current form and had to spread to become viable. The further west we expanded, and the more states we added to our union, the more pressure there was to maintain an even balance of free and slave states. Lincoln was planning to keep slavery from spreading beyond Texas, thus keeping it contained and starving it out. The solution the south came up with was to rebel against the United States, gain autonomy and then spread west, south into Mexico and beyond.  So yes, THE SOUTH SECEDED OVER SLAVERY! Not just to maintain it, but to spread it!
funny thing here. the same is for pepole who celebrate the alamo battle and the like. you can ALL say what you want about how mexico force some  laws or lack of security how it asked for a tax ('this beeing hilariusly hipocritical') and ETC.  the actual entierty of why they wanted the "independance" was because. since mexico's independance in  1821 slavery was abolished. and in 1829 the mexican president guerror made it outlaw for every part of mexico except a small area where he couldnt contest it.   and the settlers of texas who mind you mexico, let in to settle on the condition of paying a tax and for them to follow the mexican laws. fucking hated this new passed law and also dint like the president because he was black (and yes guerrero was black dosent mater how much they tried to white wash him), so all this slaving little shits planed this move to gain texas independency and join the usa's to regain their slavery trade. so now you know how to identify  other racist slavery apologist asshats.
me when 'war of northern aggression' (the confederacy had been attacking northern forts, armouries, towns, and officials for months prior to the union even mobilizing)
I truly believe identifying slavery as the root cause of the Civil War is the politically incorrect answer. States rights protects peoples fee fees.
they can never tell you their other concerns cause the only concern was bein allowed to own slaves
Didn't Lincoln keep reassuring the south that he WASN'T going to take away their slaves? I'm pretty sure he only made it about ending slavery when it became politically important to keep the european powers from joining the south.
Grey guy is Nikki Haley confirmed.
Fun fact: Most statues of Confederate leaders were actually erected in the 1950s during the Civil Rights movement.
The Union theme was a nice touch
based
If you don't compulsively sing along to the Union version of Dixie, Douglas might come for you next.
I. I WAS NOT EXPECTING THE FUCKING ANNOYING ORANGE
Surprised Goobus didn’t mention how the Confederacy supporter brought up Slavery despite Goobus not saying anything about it.
To be completely accurate slavery was a symptom of the issue. The real problem was that the north and south had culturally divided, and that caused tensions over the many different issues discussed at that time, such as slavery. To say that the confederacy was all about slavery is just not enough, it was really an outdated way a viewing the world and society, which had to come crashing down when faced with the new, more efficient system. The north was industrial, and 'modern' while the south was stuck in the 17th century. It is comparable to what happened in Japan with the revolt of the samurai, and their eventual end.
the big bang theory (12 years) lasted longer than the confederacy
Among other concerns! Yeah:  -Taxation?  >Nah, the modern version of taxes didn’t actually exist. What existed was tariffs on seafaring trade, of which (according to data gathered from the New York Chamber of Commerce) TWO THIRDS OF TAXES WERE COLLECTED ON TRADE FROM THE NEW YORK HARBOR. Followed closely by Boston Harbor, and in a tiny third place New Orleans. The south basically didn’t really feel any particular increase in taxation. The only actual one was the Morrill Tariff which was only enacted in 61 AFTER Secession, as a punitive measure.  - But, uhh my great great grand uncle Jimpathy said he was fighting for [insert generic quote here] in his letter! > If my country goes to war today I can decide the enemy are literal reptilian aliens on earth. That doesn’t make it true nor the war just. In contrast all secession documents from the actual seceeding governments and representatives quote directly the preservation of slavery.  -But uhhhh, State rights and autonomy!! >Yeah the Confederacy has an increasingly centralized form of government, which over its few years of existence went from States Rights to an outright oligopoly, increasingly authoritarian, and increasingly violent towards lower class indivduals, even non-slaves.
Texas was its own country for over twice as long as it had been in the Confederacy.
0:28 The only word he should’ve said.
The states right to secede. Slavery wasn't even the reason for half the states involved. There are smarter ways to say 'slavery bad' without looking like a clueless bum
STATESRIGHTSTODOWHAT?
People who have lived over the age of 4 get a reward for outliving the Confederacy.
America fucked up when they adopted Barbary Coast slavery based on the Quran. Biblical slavery demands emancipation in a Jubilee. Just sayin'...
This video needs a sequel. Still too many braindead commenters down here that aren't getting it
THE DEVELOPMENT FOR PIZZA TOWER OUTLIVED THE CONFEDERACY (2018-2023)
Someone should send this to Nikki Haley... her campaign could use the history lesson.
the right to secede
WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF THE TRAITORS
Its fun to see "americans" arguing eachother, you know you stole the territory from the natives,  they were killed or driven away to make space for settlers. The people from Europe settled the continent threw away their identity language and most of their tradition and made up a fake country with a fake nation/identity with no real history, being an american means nothing more than being a consumer a slave of the corpos.
pretending the north didnt have slaves during this time. wild
a states right to secede from the union
just blacks
As a Republican this is the most funny video I have watched.
You like men
You know whats more important than states' rights? Human rights.
destroying confederate talking points   'it wasn't about slavery' its literally outlined in their own declaration that the entire point of the confederacy WAS about slavery  'the south broke away because of taxes!' nope, taxes didn't exist back then like they do today back then it was tariffs on imports and new york harbor was america's biggest cash cow.  'well what about the Corwin amendment! If the south wanted slavery why didn't they just agree to that!?' because the south didn't just want to preserve slavery they wanted to expand it.  'the north attacked first!' the south raided multiple national guard armories and fired on fort Sumter before Lincoln called for troops  'the states had a right to secede!'' no they didn't, there is no law or right on record explicitly stating that the states had a right to break away from the union 'slaves still exist today!' doesn't matter we're not talking about that and besides if someone robs a gas station but someone else robs a bank does that make the gas station thief any less of a fucking thief?  'Lincoln was racist too! he said x in x debate!' politicians lie all the time, obama didn't explicitly support gay marriage for years.  'black confederate soldiers existed so the south couldn't possibly be racist!' nope black men were explicitly barred from serving in a combat role slave or free alike it was only until the end of the war that in desperation they allowed for colored troops. 'well the southern states were more free then the northern ones!' wrong again they suspended habeas corpus twice, prohibited the sale of liqour, banned confederate states from leaving the confederacy  'well the northern states didn't abolish slavery right away!' doesn't matter we had to beat your asses into submission before you would do it they were simply smart enough to wave the white flag and agree to gradual/compensated emancipation and no one had to fucking die.  'but the war wasn't started because of slavery!' for once you're right! Lincoln originally sent troops to quell the rebellion because he wanted to keep the union together but it still doesn't change the fact that slavery was the motivation behind the secession crisis in the first place    no matter how you slice it the south was WRONG in the civil war. It was a bunch of wealthy plantation class douchebags who decided to tear the country apart rather then accept times were changing and let go of their cash cows. You don't need to praise them or defend them no one blames YOU for what THEY did the only people who do that are fucken idiots. Please put down the stars and bars (which isn't even the confederacy's actual flag btw) and pick the american flag back up you are not responsible for what your ancestors did and all you do by defending it is make people think you're a racist at worst or an idiot at best.
"It's about states right" is almost as "effective" as "child love" advocates trying to abolish the age of consent over it being the "freedom to love". The states rights to what? The freedom to love who?
As a stellaris player i think im gonna stay out of this
*Slavery continues apace in 2024 USA.* After the war, they made new laws (and still do) _specifically crafted_ to throw Black men into prison (and liberals with pot laws), and then have them work for outside companies (slave owners) at near zero wages. Texas, for example, has a huge slave population. This ain't over by a long shot.
That was hilarious XD
The worse Straw Man Argument into existence "the right to what" and not letting the person to continue the argument, it can be used in every context 1.Abortion: The right to abortion. The right to what? To kill? And before the idiots with the same argument cone here the r@pe cases are below 1 or 2% of the abortions so that argument doesn't stand and also the Woman who created Planed Parenthood was a racist and supporter of Eugenics and also most people that use abortion are Black people soooooo "The right to what? To kill? Eugenics? Are you a racist because most of the people who use abortion are Black, you white supremacists"  And also the Democrats during civile war were the confederates and created the triple K and the thig about "the party switch" is so nonsense that isn't real Yes they switch region The democrats becomed more popular in North and Republicans in South but that doesn't change their history  So cope and sneed racist Democrat
it wasnt just slavery, but also ridiculous taxes, which sadly are still present today, but yeah it was mostly slavery. so, while they were right about taxes, it was cancelled out by slavery.
The confederacy lasted one year longer than a hamster. Y‘know that small oval that has a heart attack at the sound of a fart.
Gee, if you hadn't made this video I would've thought the confederacy was the good guys. Glad you cleared this matter up nearly 160 years after it ended, very topical
1:13 get Douglas is perfection
I keep saying that the problem is they don't listen -i really hate living in the south
Ok but why did the confederacy have to take such a good flag? They couldn't have left us with that at least? It's so iconic and recognizable and they took it for four years and now nobody can use it
You should do a video on why slavery is bad next. That would be hilarious.
yes
And to think that now slaves are worth 200 million dollars and they have names such as Mbappé, Dembelé…
History cannot be based on arguments, but rather on facts.
as a major history nerd, the only thing im sad about when it comes to the Confederate's is the statues being destroyed. id rather see them in museums so people can still keep sight of the good and bad, and learn from mistakes and not make the same horrible choices.
My minecraft "nation" has outlived the confederacy😂, where are the minecraft steve statues? Though now that i think about it, slavery is still very much alive and practiced with villagers sooo... awkward...
1) Ну, Север первый нарушил джентельменское соглашение о том, что при захвате земель на западе будут образовываться по два штата - один с рабством, второй нет. Но они сделали два штата без рабства и теперь любое решение в сенате принималось бы лишь как хотел Север. И таким образом, это покушение на демократию, насколько я помню🤔 Это не по джентельменски, как бы само рабство не было плохим. К тому же, кто сказал что наëмным рабочим будет лучше чем рабам👏 2) А так, всë верно сказано в видео, если бы Южане победили, то Штаты Америки были бы откинуты в развитии на несколько лет назад, ведь рабство экономически не так выгодно как наëмный труд😐  В любом случае, удачи вам там всем 🤝
good point
Let’s make it more common practice to win the culture war. It wasn’t the American Civil War, it was the American Slaver’s Rebellion.
Rasputin’s wonka has lasted longer than the confederacy
Also, all of you seem to not understand that the U.S. government at the time didn't actually care about slavery.  They started the war for completely different reasons.  Whether slavery is right or wrong was always irrelevant. All of you are being willfully ignorant about things, and no one cares about slavery back then because it isn't important anymore.   The problem is that people are actually attempting to explain real historical facts to you guys, and you all act like elementary school kids by repeating the same thing in order to interrupt people while ignoring anything at all. Labeling people as racist for telling you true history.  Yeah racism is bad, but ignorance is worse because it's what leads to things like slavery. No one's arguing with any of you, you are asking questions and being spastic and not allowing anyone to answer. This is Nazi-type behavior. It's just on the other side of the political isle. It's also not how you make yourself seem intelligent, it's how you make yourself look like.. well.. a Doobus Goobus.
"The states' rights to govern themselves." There, your video is fixed. Enjoy modern slaves with a side of the government you have now is more evil than the confederacy.
Take a fat L southern sympathizers.
I thought it was just people donning the flag as like a southern thing, not people actually calling themselves confederates.
This is how I feel about abortion. "Mother's right to what?" oh, to murder children.... yeah.... let's not forget the murder part. That's bad.
OK I'm gonna play the devil advocate for both sides here and answer that they wanted to get out on their own for the slave owners as per the second amendment where a state can still declare it's independence in order to do whatever they wanted. But on the other hand the union fought as hard as they did in order to prevent them being easy pray to the empires of the time which included England, France and Spain who funny enough owned those territories and might have been able to get them back if the confederation became it's own state, so simply put state rights to be colonies again
Least chad abolitionist
He's a god damn proud American Yankee for sure
At first even I thought ill of the Confederate flag, but someone I respected a lot had the flag. So I purged myself of the negative assumptions I subconsciously made about it. I wished to see with eyes unclouded by hate. Even an internet vet as myself, I saw the cringe/sus videos (usually) done by minors with the flag in the background. So I thought to myself why does he have the flag, when he does not endorse racism nor slavery?   In the end it dawned on me, the flag at the end of the day is a representation of people's individual state loyalties superseding that towards the feds. Why would a man fight his own state back in those days? That has his family (might even be forced to fight them), community, wealth, and identity reside in? Ex: Texan tourists say they are Texan first instead of American. 🤷‍♀️ The flag also represents rebellion, THEY believed what they were doing/defending was right. Isn't that the whole point of rebellion? People believe a certain thing ex. such as Sharia Law is right, and they fight for it. It's that spirit, nothing more. They love that flag warts and all. Also reminds me of that Spirit Stallion of the Cimarron quote, If you lose yourself, your courage soon will follow. So be strong tonight. (Lose that identity, the loyalty, you have nothing to fight for. So you lose your spine) Even the musical Hamilton says this, If you stand for nothing Burr, what will you fall for?   Side note: We also got to consider, The second amendment, "from threats foreign and Domestic" Yeah, imagine if the north was the slavers and the south rebelled? Nobody would be complaining that they fought the DOMESTIC threat now would we? Also the United States is trying to sue Texas for enforcing federal border laws. 🤨 If that ain't a modern day domestic threat I don't know what is. Looks like the south will be the good guys soon... 😏 Oh how the turn tables.   But being seen as villains is lowkey a blessing. It repels the pests. 🤗 Being a villian ain't so bad. Keeps life simple.  It is sus that you still suck the schlong of the feds still. But hey what do I know? The Declaration of Independence, did say humans lowkey love abuse. 🤣💀 A Domination kink? 😩🤭
My dog is 6, he is older than the confederacy
Absolutely hysterical that people will screech about "learning your history" and "check your facts" but the moment you point out actual historical facts that don't fit their holier than thou attitude they crumple into whiny babies who take such personal offense at the action they send death threats.  And all because you listened to them and took their advice.
History is gray until politicians need it to be black and white to fit their narrative.
Nikki Haley really needs to watch this, lmfao...
steel ball run and jojolion outlasted the confederacy, golden wind and stone ocean got close
The Civil War was about State’s independent rights when Lincoln declared a Slave State could become Free State but no Free State could become a Slave State. The core issue was State’s Rights but the immediate Right in question was in regard to slavery. To say it was about State’s Rights and not slavery or vice versa are both incorrect. It was about both and for people to say otherwise is incredibly ignorant and don’t understand the nuance of the issue and the mindset of the society of that time period. If your argument is it was about slavery and NOT State’s rights, then you just look just as foolish as the people who say it was about State’s Rights and NOT about slavery. It was about both and given the culture at that time, it didn’t make the South evil, just woefully ignorant of changing societal norms and outdated beliefs based on abhorrent practices heavily rooted into their economy. By no means am I defending slavery, but even Lincoln himself didn’t see the South as his enemy and wanted nothing more than restore the Union and put an end to this petty squabble. The only thing evil about the South were the wealthy plantation owners who had the power and money to sway legislators to continue lobbying for slavery to continue so their wealth wouldn’t be threatened by changing societal norms. Racism was quite prevalent in throughout the United States, though it was more prevalent in the south due to slavery being so deeply entwined with the more heavily agricultural Southern States. I lived in Atlanta most of my life but recently moved to the PNW earlier this year and I’ve seen just as much racism up here as I did living in the Southeastern US. People fail to understand the mindset of the people of those times and what was considered acceptable. I think Oversimplified’s two part series on the Civil War explains it quite well and people today dwell too much on the past and deeply hinder real progress for the future by not moving on.
But always remember Doobus: Confederacy was founded by democrats 👍
To be independent.
I've often heard Confederacy stans be like "Lee was a gentleman and Grant was a drunk"  So you're telling me the Confederacy was so bad... That they lost to a drunk and a few others.
the US only rebelled against the crown because they wanted slaves
Im from europe and fuck the Merica
the right to do what? well, own farm animals of course
The way that Confederacy apologists act like states having huge amounts of slaves as if it was just some minor issue is wild. Some states had almost half of their population in chains. How could that not be the biggest issue imaginable?
Love the fact all it took to start a war in the comments was someone pointing out twitter throwing a crap storm. Feel bad for the person whose comment has 500+ replies and majority is just people saying “States rights to do what?”
roblox lasted longer than the confederacy
"By the way can you answer my question you fuckin traitor???" 😂😂😂 aaaaand SUBSCRIBE.
Things that states were forbidden to do according to the Confederate constitution:  1. States within the Confederacy were not allowed to pass laws outlawing slavery.  2. Confederate states were not allowed to secede from the Confederacy. Really doing a great job with that whole “State’s rights” and “not based on slavery” thing, guys.
No no he has a point
0:38 Except Arkansas
Man being able to be a patriot by calling fans of a confederacy founded on slavery “traitors” is a huge W for the USA. For all its problems they at least have THAT going for it 🇺🇸
I find the "Right to What?" and/or the "What were you doing with your rights when you got oppressed?" tend to be real buzz killers for the conservatives and right wingers because the vast majority of the time nowadays the response boils down to "I want to be an asshole without consequences" or "I was being an asshole and caught consequences".
The south didn't want to be oppressed by the north....  You mean like how black people didn't want to be owned and oppressed by irrationally bigoted and angry white people (the south)   That's crazy....
I wish people were just truthful and just were like yeah slavery cool, rather than saying it’s some other bs would rather just deal with people who support slaver than people who make shit up
I don't normally "Like" videos, but as a born and raised Texan this video deserves my thumbs up and more
Oh yeah Sonic IDW has lasted 5 years and soon to be 6 years
It's so wild that it only existed 4 years. That really is such a short amount of time when you think about it
The confederacy also lasted less than Keeping up with the Kardashians, the FNAF franchise, Miraculous Ladybug and the development of the Gambit movie before it got cancelled
When you're a child, you learn it was about slavery. When you start researching it, you learn it was a complex web of economics, politics, and more besides. But,by the time you finish studying, you come to the conclusion that all the reasons came to the point of Slavery.  The Civil War is one of those rare things in history that, for all its touted complexity, is piss-ass simple in its reasons.
States rights to do what?
Good video but I have to side with the confederate supporters since Germany in the 1940's was fighting for the protection of its German citizens on foreign land while also dealing with unfair treaties that bankrupted the nation, and yet soooo many people call them the bad guys for some reason. Like i don't get it.
Nikki Haley Really needed to see this.
THANK YOU, too many of these spiritual successors to the confederacy tend to spout nonsense about how they are the REAL PATRIOTS and TRUE AMERICANS. Like no you’re not, you are literally the traitors 😂
The CSA said it was slavery.  There is no debate unless you're a liar.
Slavery was definitely a bad area of the confederacy, but the taxes were outrageous back then
What makes the traitor sympathizers’ argument even less valid is that Lincoln didn’t even say he was gonna abolish slavery before being elected, he just wanted to prevent it from expanding further west
It's nice to hear someone correctly use the word "traitors" to define the  slaving south
Doobus managed to upload Nikki Haley's town hall months before it happened.
Nimarata Randhawa was absent during this class
Once again this is relevant
Frederick Douglass coming in with an elbow was classy!
This cartoon is going out by request to Nimarata Randhawa AKA Nikki Haley!
Same framing but with Isreal's attacks on Palestine: "I hear you *SAYING* that you're going after Hamas _specifically,_ so I just want to know, how intense is the assassin training for the children and pregnant women in Palestine? Because, I mean, you've killed *HUNDREDS* of kids in Palestine so they must be super-scary death machines; I just want to know things like, how pathetic is your nation's military that you just *HAVE* to *constantly* kill children?" - "Colateral d-damage is a part of war, n-no fight is gonna be without any-" "Estimates have shown a civilian-to-Hamas death ratio of up to 80 to 20% against, I wouldn't trust people with tazers and pepper spray with numbers that bad. It's clearly possible to use weapons in a way that minimizes collateral damage, so again, why do you keep killing kids?" - "They don't fight fair! H-hamas has hostiges and human shields! You can't fight that and not-" "If human shields are so abhorrent, explain the video of unarmed people being paraded around your soldiers, and if you had any care for the civilian's wellbeing why are you still attacking when you know they're going to get killed en mass in the process? Again, why do you keep killing kids?" - "Th-the citizens of Palestine *voted* for Hamas so they're just as guilt-" "That was years before these kids were *BORN,* again, why do you keep killing kids?"
slavery :D
I don’t know if this occurred to anyone in the confederacy, but there was a much easier way, of defending the south from a northern invasion  It’s called not committing treason.
I agree that slavery is awful, but the North did do almost the exact same thing with Irish immigrants during the potato famine.
Nikki Haley is delulu
Hmmm I wonder why this is on my recommendation
i will be using the phrase get douglass'd in my modern day vocabulary for now on
I honestly hadn't thought about the Annoying Orange since like, 2016. Which would still make it older than the Confederacy.
Excellent point and you made me laugh
I hate how this is relevant again.
Revisiting since Nikki Haley refused to say “slavery” when asked what caused the Civil War.
Came back to see this after Nikki Haley's answer on the cause of the Civil War😂
I always love how far people moving the goal post whenever slavery brought up in the civil war. “ oh yes there bloodiest war America ever participated in, this wasn’t ONLY slavery that was the reason, in addition it was their kind that sold them into slavery, in fact there’s slavery still in the world today, and actually why are you a black man bringing up the forceful enslavement of your ancestors in 2023 it ( the cause of the bloodiest war in American history) absolutely has no effect on modern America even tho EVERYTHING IN AMERICA HISTORY has an effect on American history” Like damn bro I get you don’t want to be blame for shit that happened 200 years ago but shit you almost horseshoeing to “ you know slavery wasn’t that bad” 😭
The south was evil. Change my mind, lost-causers.
I just love Goobus drew his avatar marching. Had me dying
Just saw the video of Nikki Haley basically being the hat guy in this video and was reminded of Goobus 😂
sorry abt my death threats to u on twitter
I have NEVER seen this, and it will never NOT be funny to me 😂😂😂😂
I thoroughly it just a symbol show's your from the south.
This is like when Neo-Nazi's say the allies did bad things too.
😒I wanna turn my dodge into a confeddy car
They had every right to leave the union.
"Get Douglass'd"
Cornerstone speech. That’s all I needa say to negate any southern claim
There’s nothing hung but pure factual goodness here. What state rights are any southerners talking about middle schoolers repeat it from their sad pathetic parents but the truth is your holding onto a stupid idea from a bygone era because you live in a under developed area by comparison to the north I’ve lived in the south my whole life and that flag is a burden to its people.
The annoying orange bit was insult enough, and that content still being made.
my favorite counter "argument" is that the united states also allowed slavery, so does that mean the revolutionary war was a bad thing?  like bitch no, the revolutionary was was not fought on the premise of preserving slavery
Have things I could say bout this, but yknow, I won’t. Have a nice day guys 👋
On one hand I hate the Confederacy.  But on the other this video was kind of annoying.
states rights to govern themselves as they saw fit not being subject to tyranny as when the colonies broke away from the British , you cant be a traitor or commit treason against a country  if you're no longer a citizen of the country
"Btw, can you answer my question you fucking traitor?" 😂😂
Im pretty sure phub and most other adult websites have become as old or older then the confederacy
The thing about Lincoln was only half true. South Carolina seceded about 3 months before Lincoln was sworn in as President and Lincoln’s whole presidential campaign wasn’t about abolishing slavery, it was about containing it. But the South recognized that without expansion, there would eventually be more free states in Congress than slave states and eventually slavery would die. But yes the Confederacy absolutely seceded to preserve and expand slavery. That is beyond dispute
While the states seceded because they wanted slavery, the war was fought over a state’s right to secede from the Union. All of us agree that slavery is bad, but the Confederacy’s loss also means there is historical/legal precedent for denying any state to secede for any reason.  The next time a federal government controlled by the people you don’t like forces your state to do something you believe is unconstitutional, you might realize what the Confederates who did not own slaves were fighting for.
The folks who defend the confederacy are probably the same folks who'd defend Colleen Ballinger.
I need my freedom to suppress others freedom
I also like to remind folks that England sided with the confederacy and we just forgot about it lol
I agree with the overall message of this video but I can't agree with Doobus that a thing which lasted for several years only more than a century ago can't be a part of many people's identity. We should keep in mind that a country' history shape the identity of its people. The reasons of the Civil war go deep into the colonial part of US history and its results are still seen even to this day (economical disparity and racism and stuff). I think the reason for a huge number of people to make the Confederacy a huge part of their identity is that they are economically insecure poorly educated racists who dream of having a plot of land when they can exploit and humiliate somebody who can't fight back, be they women, children or slaves. But in these day and age they are afraid to admit this even to themselves so they have to say that slavery wasn't a big deal, paint the slavers as defenders of personal freedom and whatever all-American virtues you like and ignore common folk, especially those who stood up for freedom for the opressed.
Get a real country, traitors!
based Doobus Goobus
As a NYer, I can say that we have a terrible amount of famous street names that came from slave owners. And for centuries our city couldn't exist without profiting off of slavery. To lay the blame solely on the South is a petty handoff.
As a Tennesseean I found this hilarious
Can you do a ww2 vidieo
The funny thing is, most white supremacists don't even like the idea of slaves. Like, what's the pride in using the labour of other people not of your race to build your nation. It's dumb. This is why many white supremacists idolize Nazi Germany and consider pro-Confederate Southerners stupid.
Confederacy: *Gets hated because of slavery on black people*  Meanwhile on ancient egypt, medieval arab and medieval africa: *mostly gets ignored about their slavery on asians, christians and jews that are some white*   Edit: for those who don't get it, not just only in america but in other countries too when the golden age of ancient countries have more slavery than america which most slaves are white and while medieval era has some too not just colonial and wild west era   Edit again: Slavery is still active in this present era, it's just hidden
no way bro
You know it’s funny is when it comes to the “Subtleties” of the Civil War it can all cycle back to slavery. For example: The confederacy was Fighting for states rights. States Rights To Do What? Or it was for Economic reasons. Their entire economy was built off of slavery and without it said economy would crumble. Etc.  like I’m sure there’s folks with no ties to slavery or didn’t care one way or another who fought in the civil war due to geographical convenience, hell that’s part of the origin of DC Comics Western Hero Jonah Hex, and from what I hear Robert E Lee only cared about his home state of Virginia (i repeat from what I have heard, I could be wrong), but that doesn’t change the fact that when you boil things down, the Civil War was about Slavery and no mater what excuse the confederacy sympathizers of today throw out, it will still boil down to slavery… I will continue to ask, States Rights to Do what?  Also Google “Dinosaur Kingdom II”. Trust me it’s on topic and it’s freaking amazing
Also love how some people think it’s fine to raise the confederacy’s battle flag, like;  “Oh no, this ain’t the confederate flag, it’s the confederacy’s battle flag so it’s fine for me to raise it!!!!!” Godamn morons
“It’s our heritage.”  A country that lasted five years and lost the only war it ever fought. So what? A heritage of losers that don’t last long?
Abraham lincoln  was acually supported slavery it was never his true intention to free the slaves he relised during the civil war that he was loseing that if he freed the slaves the south which was running off of 90% cotton production the south would collapse and he would win the war
While no durr
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy: The wait for GTAVI and Elder Scrolls 6 The Seventh Console Generation Achievement Hunter The wait for season 2 of The Devil is a Part-Timer The wait for the final season of Bleach Several t-shirts that I own
Why, states rights to self-governance of course, same principle why we believe in an individuals right to self ownership. The real sadness in this whole discussion is the failure to realise that authoritarianism is just as bad as slavery.
Wowzies! What a controversial hot take! Thought-provoking new insight and real discussion between two perspectives... This changed my worldview! You avoided preconceived notions and framed this issue appropriately... You're my favourite e-celeb... I especially liked the part where you said you thought it is important to mention it cannot be said without reason that it is wrong to be on the side of those who say it cannot be said otherwise than in a manner which does not belong into the realm of those who say they think it is important to mention that it cannot be said without reason, so true! Oh my science, and your humour is a heckin' cartilage-tingling, hairline-receding, armpit-kissing masterpiece! Let's undress and form a human pile now, because we're all so perfect!
Geometry Dash 2.1 lasted longer than the Confederacy 💀
Less than 10% of people in the confederacy had slaves, it was propaganda to have you believe they all had slaves
I'm just saying wrong banner. That was for the soldiers. You want the national one. For Ideal of slavery and all its bad.
Thanks to elon musk twitter has turned into far right pro Trump pro confederacy lost cause i miss old twitter now i legit miss old twitter
States rights do be important though
My World of Warcraft account is older than the Confederacy and the Third Reich combined lol.
they were only bad if you think about it
Startrek Starwars Planet of the Apes 1960s Planet of the Apes 2010s Indiana jones DCEU MCU Blade trilogy  Spiderman trilogy    All lasted longer than the confederacy
LMAO, you actually think the civil war was over slavery... you poor deluded boy. "If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that." -Abraham Lincoln. So tell yourself whatever lie you want, but the civil war WAS NEVER about freeing slaves. it was about the states' right to secede from the union.
Literally like they wanted to preserve and expand the institution.
With the release of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Anniversary Edition, Skyrim rereleases have outlived the Confederacy
Ya know, along with the annoying orange, sans undertale has also lasted longer than the confederacy Feel free to list more if you want to
States right to peacefully leave the union.  A Confederation vs at the time Federation based system  Confederations are fully voluntary system. You can leave when ever you want.  Federations don't like it when you leave.
Both Union and Confederate army have some cool ass drip
I really wish I showed this to my history teacher and I said can we use this for the video and have it on the test
The people who sent Goobus death threats are a bunch of *bleaped out for winnie the pooh*
The confederacy was cartoonishly evil
You wanna know what sucks?  ...they have a cool looking flag
Lmao I knew wayyy too many mustache guys growing up. I even had a history teacher in high school who was just like the mustache guy 🤦‍♂️
"Get Douglas'd!" 🤘
Get Douglass’d.
I am so happy I’m not from USA. Y’all are a bunch of disrespectful to each other morons. No matter the side. I am sure not everyone is like this, but any political video/debate/post/anything from America actually makes me die from cringe
I want to actually hear what other "rights" were oppressed other than slavery. I ain't siding with the confederacy, I've just never heard anyone finish explaining it 😂
Remember guys only Israel has the right to declare itself independent and sovereign. They can even have an active slave trade!
States' rights to take a FAT FRICKIN L
🇹🇷 2023.
After the Civil War, Mississippi was so salty that they didn't celebrate the 4th of July until after WW2.
This had me rolling. W Doobus
Both the Northern States and the Confederates are one and the same - relics.  Southerners are ordinary feudal lords and bourgeoisie who exploited the labor of slaves and other people, northerners are the same - slave owners who pay for slavery.  The North forced former slaves into factories and paid them pennies for their backbreaking labor.  I am silent about how much abuse there was against the indigenous population and migrants, against the Irish, Russians, Germans, Poles and Chinese, etc.  The American Civil War is just another manifestation of the cruelty of capital, the cruelty of the bourgeoisie and the enemies of the proletariat.  Comrades, instead of deciding who was right, open your eyes and see another enemy - the bourgeois exploiter.  Fight capitalism within yourself!
Lost cause copium in the comments
Doobus patriotic confirmed😲
The Civil war was indeed about slavery. And it’s not like the union soldiers were amazing either. Plenty either deserted or retired after there intial conscription ended when it went from mainly trying to keep the country together to ending slavery.
“The war of northern aggression”  Ah yes, their aggressive stance of fine you can secede but I’m keeping my property. Remember when southern forces fired the first shot because the US government wanted to keep their fort that they paid for and built.
There would be better slavery than what you have now
1. States rights to fight to leave, just how they fought politically to become a state of the Union 2. They lasted 5 years, with much less money and resources than the North, and STILL managed to last 5 years when many people in the North claimed it would take a few months.  Slavery is bad, undoubtedly, but the Civil War only became about slavery when Lincoln wanted it to to gather more support. “If I could preserve the Union without abolishing slavery, I would.” - Abraham Lincoln. And he didn’t even ban slavery, he outlawed it in places he didn’t control, it wasn’t actually 100% outlawed until after his death. “StAtEs RiGhTs To Do WhAt?” To leave and fight whenever they needed.  Edit: I feel like so have to say this because you guys don’t understand whatsoever. I am NOT trying to defend slavery. All i’m saying is it was 100% within their rights to leave, and the “ThEy OnLy LaStEd FiVe YeArS” argument is stupid as they were only supposed to last a few months. I love this country but I hate the government, and I believe the national government should be no more powerful than the states, and the states should be no more powerful than the people. America is the UNITED States of America, and we are a UNION. We are NOT meant to be a bunch of regions that have no power over a government that does not give a shit about us. I am very grateful that I am able to live in this country but just how many states and other immigrants like me fought one way or another to stay here legally, we should be able and to leave if it begins to harm us in any way.
I was going to Subscribe after seeing your Donkey Kong animation, but this is the epitome of ignorance.   The South wasn't morally correct to endorse slavery by any means, but they absolutely were discriminated against by Northerners, who by this time were far more industrialized and therefore economically more influential. This influence affected both Congressional interaction and the vast majority of business deals between North and South, lowering Southern quality of life and furthering the split between the two increasingly divisive factions. These tensions continued to rise, and eventually led to civil war.   The South didn't have much of a choice, between the unfair deals forced upon them by the North and slavery itself becoming a dying art. I mean, it was already abolished in the vast majority of the more powerful countries of the world, since the perks of industrialization could handle most of the tasks slaves otherwise would have been used for.   I think it's ironic that people like you, who immediately jump to uneducated presumptions, moral high ground, and entitlement (as if anyone should tolerate that garbage art style of yours, or your blatantly uninformed political takes) indirectly caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people. You should be ashamed for thinking the way you do.
"but bro it was a switch! A switch!"
i do love the good confederate flag though🏳️
In Middle School they made us read "The Perilous Road" which shows Union Soldiers taking the horses and food from southern families, and this was supposed to make us think, 'see, the north was bad too!' But there are also literally no black people in the book and it's from the perspective of a child who doesn't get what the north is actually fighting for.
"Slavery involves owning men, and men owning men is gay." -Abraham Lincoln or something, idk
Love that ❤
God i love your captions
You're technically right that the Confederacy started in 1860. South Carolina left in December 1860. There were many fights against pro-slavery and anti-slavery groups, namely in Kansas leading up to the Civil War, too.
To be fair, a large part was more that the south didn't want the north to have the right to *not* have slavery.  oh wait that's even fucking worse
Summarized Atun-Shei Films' Checkmate, Linconites! Series up pretty well
States dont have rights. Human Beings do.
See also: ‘choice’ to do… what?
That song is still a fucking banger, I love singing along to it.
It’s unfortunate that state rights automatically gets bunched in with the confederacy. Someone always has to ruin good things doing stupid crap.
You know whats better than states rights? Human rights :)
taken from the history channels site;  "Lincoln had used the occasion of the Union victory at Antietam to issue a preliminary Emancipation Proclamation, which freed all enslaved people in the rebellious states after January 1, 1863. He justified his decision as a wartime measure, and DID NOT GO SO FAR AS TO FREE THE ENSLAVED PEOPLE IN THE BORDERSTATES LOYAL TO THE UNION. Still, the Emancipation Proclamation deprived the Confederacy of the bulk of its labor forces and put international public opinion strongly on the Union side. Some 186,000 Black Civil War soldiers would join the Union Army by the time the war ended in 1865, and 38,000 lost their lives."   in a society today where folk do everything opposite of trump, one can only wonder what was going through folks head then...  the freeing of the slaves happened after the war started. Lincoln originally only freed slaves in enemy territory instead of north union occupied territory because the union wanted to keep their slaves. this act only occurred when the union started to lose the war with the confederacy, the act of the emancipation proclamation only being in the south an not the north, rallied other territories to secede and join the confederacy, in response to one sided treatment, as it had nothing to do with goodness but was an act to weaken an enemy force as the labor was fueling the war machine of the northern territories then. this then turned what started as a war for territory  and land displacement over who got to keep a fort in prior seceded South Carolina(refer to the battle of ft sumter) whom seceded before the war, and before slavery became the driving political message of the war.  The union were the same assholes that the confeds we're, they freed slaves out of desperation to win a war, yeah lincoln was against, but the entire party was against lincoln then. slavery became nothing but justification for two governing bodies to murder each other for land grabs.  it wasn't a war for slavery at the start, it was a war for power. and the union obtained that power , through murder, rapes, and slaves.
EXACTLY!  Every time the democrats tell you they care about States Rights, it's really only about SLAVERY!
The fact that Slavery was wrong in no way changes the legal question of States rights.
When you grow up foreign but with birthright citizenship in america,  The confederate flag just automatically looks… not right…   Then you learn about it and I am still trying not to…
The time comparison I like to compare to the confederacy is how Michael Dorn played Worf on Star Trek longer than the confederacy, and how we should build statues of him instead of confederacy traitors.
i'm so glad im taking APUSH this year 😁
Every single reason can be traced back to slavery. It's so funny.
I want to talk about 2 points: For 1 thing I do find it trashy and deplorable how people have defended the confederacy by saying it's the heritage. So your heritage is nothing more than worthless abysmal folk who promted slavery? That's all to the heritage you're so proud of and you don't find that embarrassing? And you don't want to distance yourself from that? Couldn't be me. This is just an example but my maternal grandpa used to beat up ony Nanna. I'm ashamed of that I don't say "oh it's ok it's part of my heritage". Another thing uneducated white people try to do is say it's not bad because Africans on Africa had slaves. Well either way the fact that you would promote slavery regardless jusr shows how what a vile wretch you are. Africans also didn't have slaves (I haven't ever been to Africa so I can't say no African ever enslaved another) they had indentured servants. That's a far cry from slavery. Also, for anybody who knows I read a comment saying slavery supporters are giving doobus grief on Twitter for this vid. Is that true?
Checkmate Doobusites!
While the argument that the Civil War magically had nothing to do with slavery is an absurd lie; when they say "state's rights" they mean they wanted stronger state governments and a smaller federal government. That's literally what a "confederacy" is. Canada is actually a confederacy, the governments of their provinces have much more power than that of US states, while Canada's federal government is much smaller even proportionately than the federal government of the US.
0:42 "Let's succeed for no reason." Happened to me a few times in the past. It's not bad.
Cry more northern Jew pawn 😂 keep supporting that Zionist government
Republicans are a joke.
I believe the issue is most people in that time that fought for the confederacy were told that their rights were being taken away by the enemies and since they couldn’t fact check those claims they thought it were true. I’m not for certain but I feel it was a government cover up and the majority of the soldiers were misled to fight for slavers. Then they told their kids that the fight was for their rights and then the lie continued down the generations persuading others along the way.  Long story short, government tricked the masses to fight for a lie they weren’t aware of.  I could be wholly wrong but it seems as long as time existed the men in power will use their people’s ignorance and trust to push random narratives to get them to fight other states, tribes, counties, and so on.  To those who still argue on behalf of the confederacy, please stop. It’s okay to love the ancestors (if you had any ) that fought for what they thought was true but that doesn’t mean they were perfect or that they were fighting for a good cause.
The thing is, slavery had been an extremely common thing all around the world, (Americans did treat theirs very poorly), the concept of "hey they're people too, maybe we shouldn't be doing this" didn't come till later. That's why the Enlightenment era was so crucial in human history, and among literature like "Uncle Tom's cabin", we can say that we became more “humane” as a species after that.
No it wasn't.
The north submitted an agreement to keep slavery before the proclamation but the south still wanted to succeed. Also fighting on the south side was native Americans who were fighting for their rights during the time gov was oppressing them.
Fun fact Lincoln wasn't even campaigning to abolish slavery when he got elected, he campaigned to stop the spread of slavery into new states.   The Confederacy didn't rebel because they thought Lincoln was going to take away their slaves, they rebelled because they couldn't spread slavery into new states.
I don't understand the thought of "its our heritage" like no, the south lost its nobody's heritage cause theyre now not part of the confederacy
The situation wasn't grey. But it was more complicated (and stupid):  Modern day confederate supporters don't actually know what they're supposed to be mad about lol. What it boiled down to was money (the root of all evil). Slaves were a huge money investment to buy and the south ran its economy on slavery. By freeing them without providing some compensation for an economic restructure it sent the economy into a freefall with no safety net that took multiple generations to fix. The only slave owning families that survived economically were ones that treated their slaves with kindness and respect and offered them wages to stay and keep working. Which was the TINIEST percentage of slave owners so the rest of them got absolutely fucked.  But yeah. Fuck the evil bastards and fuck slavery.
the confederate states don't want to stand for liberal BS
the confederate flag stands for the southern states as a union.  and as a band of brothers fighting for the same cause
All fair points, but only one problem       If slavery is abolished what do i do with the people in my basement?
"Answer my question, you fucking traitor" is raw
People still wonder why southerns hate northerns because of elites shit like this. Content like this shows nothing but contempt for the South.
Would you then agree that a state like Florida or Texas should now be able to secede now that slavery has been abolished?
There are two fundamental truths that many people cannot seem to hold at the same time. 1. States rights are important and should be fought for. 2. Slavery is a crime against humanity and should be opposed.  Basically,  freedom = good
Well, duh.
TEh coNfEDeraTs fiGhTs FoR tHEiR riGhT To kEeP thEir SląVe...  Article IV chapter 3. (3) No slave or other person held to service or labor in any State or Territory of the Confederate States, under the laws thereof, escaping or lawfully carried into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labor.  As an Indonesian i've read the csa constitution myself.
The south wanted to expand slavery, not just keep it. You can just imagine what that would do to demographics. The "Neo-confederates" and people who believe in the lost cause is proof of how stupid some people can be. Some people will always follow the bandwagon. On a completely different note, imagine if the Confederacy had been Communist haha.
Speaking as a Scot, I dinnae get modern day fans of the Confederacy.   The Confederacy was literally the most Anti-USA organisation tae ever exist.  Nearly all modern fans of it claim tae be proud Americans.  But the Confederacy was trying tae break away frae the USA.  Its like saying you're a strict vegan, while you are eating a rare steak.   They dinnae match up.
Based
Both this man and The ninjaslime on tiktok are the 2 most american men in the world
the right to own farming equipment. but seriously tho, as a northerner I don't really care about their dumb flag. if they want to hold on to that past then let em.
That country sucks , and the ending  speaks for itself.
honestly loved the dixie at the end lol
"I just feel sorry for them" >It''s okay to feel sorry for people who will never be touched by the light of Jesus
One Piece ran for almost 30 years and there's statues of the Straw Hat Pirates at the creators' hometown, One Piece has more cultural impact then the confederacy that last only for 4 years. One Piece was a success.
We need more people like you.
i agree with the video, like any reasonable person. but i think this is kinda cringe easy content, there is no actual point to the video. the confederacy is bad, obviously, and this video brings nothing new, or compelling to the table. and its not even neccisarily true, there were legitimate differences in rights opinions between the confederacy and the union, what is true is that the confederacy STARTED because of slavery, it was founded to keep slavery, but there were other issues that were also contentious.   basically, talking about the confederacy without nuance is just a circlejerk of people who already agree. talking about the confederacy with nuance is also kinda pointless because almost everyone who supports it is a moron that doesnt actually understand the nuance.
The only reason Texas even exists is Mexico banning slavery
I'm from the south, and I understand where some of the people that fly the confederate flag are coming from. For most of those boys, on both sides they just wanted to be proven men by trial of combat, and it was a bloodbath. The confederate flag is not respected by many because it was flown in the civil war, but because in the last 150 years it has become a symbol of southern heritage, and culture. A culture that is dying rapidly with each coming generation due to TV and those annoying Yankees (y'all are fine, that last part was mostly a joke). That being said the seceding states were full of goddamn traitors. All hail the red white and blue.
Uhhhhh yeah, makes some sense
Lmao you don't say
As a proud Georgian, fuck the confederacy! Firstly slavery is a great evil, all man free his choice to live! Secondly it was a war fought by the poor yoeman farmer trying to get by, some not even owning slaves, for these greedy aristocracy who owned the large plantation under threat! It was exploitation of the slaves and of the poor man, as always, a war for the benefit of the elites! To hell with the confederates and they're sympathizes.
False
In all fairness, lincoln didn't give a shit about blacks. He just wanted to bankrupt the south by making their farm equipment illegal
Saying that the confederacy should get their own country in the end is what the confederacy wanted
Show this to People in the south.
State's rights to preserve the economy and not pay high taxes!  taxes on what? well, er...cotton plantations...which was also the primary basis of the Southern economy. Gee, I wonder who worked the cotton plantations and why they were worried labour was about to become a whole lot more expensive.
1:01 germanys occupation of denmark in the 1940s lasted longer than that confederacy so please answer his question STATES RIGHTS DO WHAT
The south was way less evil then the Soviet Union, but some people here have no problem supporting it.
I still wanna know because the grey guy never explained:  statesrightstodowhat?
States rights may be cool and all, but you know what's better?       Human rights
EACH DIXIE BOY MUST UNDERSTAND THAT HE MUST FIND HIS UNCLE SAM 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥
Go home rebel scumbags
History is grey. You can believe that and know the confederacy was bad.
Devil's advocate: States' right to secede from the union. ... ... ... ...Because scared dat Honest Abe was gonna take dem slaves away, boi-ah!  AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS~
"Actually a lot of it is grey."  Yeah, like your uniforms.
states rights to secede, sorry had to answer the question you kept asking. Not that I agree with the confederacy, they were awful, but the war didn't start out over slaves
beautiful
the only "concern" aside from slavery the confederacy had was wealth. specifically the wealth of the rich slave owners who'd grown into oligarchs from abusing the slaves they owned. kind of like how modern day republicans fight tooth and nail for their wealthy donors. hmm.
the south was less evil then hamas
It doesn't matter what they fought for if you support the confederacy you are not allowed to support America
Doobus Goobus, you need to be careful talking about politics, because sharing this video makes you look like an ass. You could've kept it to yourself. But that attitude of yours from this video is annoying.   I'm not defending the Confederacy, I'm talking about your attitude with the acting.  You're better off posting comments about it instead, but fr dude, don't get annoying.
My thing with this is that Lincoln wasn’t abolishing slavery, what he wanted to do was make it so there would be no more slaves after they died. It changed once the confederacy made its debut and Lincoln wanted to start introducing previous slaves and other communities into the union army so they could have bolstered numbers against the confedrates
Just remember the war wasn’t about freeing slaves. S attacked N and the N decided they shouldn’t exist as separate anymore. States rights to attack another country?
To be fair about "heritage". They are talking about their culture (a racists one based off slavery, mind you), formed before the formation of the Confederacy and cemented after its downfall. The argument that the Confederacy only lasted 5 years so talking about heritage is dumb does not really land. Also, those 5 years were spent in war, a traumatic event that shapes culture (the fact we are arguing because of it to this day shows it), WW2 only lasted 5 to 7 years depending on country, but created a heritage for many cultures around the world.
Gotta love how the Confederacy... was filled with Democrats... things never change
mostly money the slaves worked the plantations making there owners money once a tractor is cheaper to use than 40 slaves it suddenly dries up
Yes I get the point but being anti anti reduction isn’t helpful to anything
The war was originally about states rights (to keep slaves), then Lincoln made it about ending slavery.  Anymore "BUH BUH NORTHERN AGGRESSION" excuses will get Douglas'd
Oh....don't worry about the death threats.  The ones who are actually crazy enough, and are actually capable, of doing such a thing...will never warn you first.  Death threats usually mean "I'm a pussy and I can't hit the broad side of a barn anyway. So I'm going to yell mean things at you."
First off...bravo.  Now, to everyone wondering how the "Lost Cause" types can have such internal cognitive dissonance to believe that taking rights from people is somehow protecting rights...  Keep in mind that we live on a planet where billions of people at least tacitly believe that there are one or more magical, extradimensional aliens living in a parallel universe, who grants wishes and immortality in paradise to ass-kissers, but condemns absolutely all others to eternal torment, regardless of any concept at all of good or evil.  You people are GROSSLY underestimating just how fucking fundamentally stupid humans as a species are, and have always been.  And you're overestimating how difficult or special our capacity for civilization and technology are.
true
TEXAS AS A COUNTRY LASTED LONGER THAN THE CONFEDERACY
states rights to secede from the union
You see, you like the confederate flag because of the confederacy  I like the Confederate flag because its a cool lookin flag We are not the same
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Ohhh... AWAY DOWN SOUTH TO THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES, AND ALLIGATORS.
You got death threats from posting that clip
Hey is the grey guy suppose to look like a squidbilly?
Fucking Teen Titans Go, the cartoon equivalent of the Tumour on Deadpool's left ballsack, is over 10 years old. Fucking TEEN TITANS GO lapped the goddamn confederacy.
States rights to have there own rights. Is the only argument. states rights to do what? that I cant feasibly think of.(im not agreeing with this response I’m just stating that it’s a response calm the fuck down in the comments you troglodytes can’t even comprehend a fucking what if)
Texas was a independent nation longer then it was part of the confederacy
Heritage is NOT 4-5 years what are these people talking about?? My trauma from my Tomogachi passing away lasted longer than that.
Traitors go home!
I don't know if this was said but the empire, and the new republic in the star wars universe lasted longer than the Confederacy
It's even more accurate now that people are defending Osama for his criticisms of America despite the fact his actions resulted in thousands of deaths and traumatized millions.
We should habe sent the slaves back to africa. Slavery was really the worst thimg for america to have done become it brougjt blacks over. 7% of the population commits half of all murders
I have fucking posters that lasted longer than the Confederacy.  I mean, I find it incredibly fucking ironic how people who claim themselves to be the height of patriotism while flying the flag of α traitor-state that was an enemy of America from its beginning to its end.
With the Federal government gaining power year on year a civil war was inevitable. Ending slavery would weaken the south's ability to resist the Federal power grab and everyone at the time knew it. Neither side saw black people as equals but pawns in the game.
Get Douglas’d
My history teacher showed us a commercial for a group trying to honor decendants of Confederate soldiers that spouted this same bullshit, and it apparently had children looking at a framed photo of fucking JOHN WILKES BOOTH. you know the GUY WHO ASSASSINATED LINCOLN.
I love this video. I'm writing a paper about it for my communications class.
💀💀💀
i stand proud to salute the annoying orange
Union Dixie brought me joy
Things that have lasted longer than the Confederacy as of 12/3/2023 (thank you @downwordspiralofpiss for this idea):  The Nintendo Switch (5 years) The Republic of South Sudan (11 years) The Third Reich (11 years, to specify, 1934-1945) Doobus Goobus himself (7 years) Among Us (5 years 🤣)
They problem is that people in southern U.S.A are very independent minded from the rest of the U.S.A and therefore look for some sort of independent state to claim "heritage" too, and the Confederacy is really the only one.
Didnt know Mr. DNA was a neo Confederate
Amen.
Do you know what carl Jung said abput philosophers? You are exactly that
away down south in the land of traitors
STATES RIGHT TO DO WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT???
So officially the Southern Democratss' rebellion was not due to slavery. It was due to the Northern states ignoring laws and not returning property while the south could not just take it back while it was allowed visa versa. Seeing it this way, the Democrats succeeded because of state's rights to return property. Essentially, the north was allowed to break federal law while the south was not.   The final straw for the south was the law proposed by first Republican president, Abraham Lincon, which would outlaw new slave states. Basically the slave states were not allowed to grow. The North originally was fine with it as long as it could keep military bases and, in many cases, the men it hired for the military  So it is a shade of grey with the confederacy's existence and hella grey with the civil war, being dubbed by the Democrats as "the War of Northern Agression". That is true. But the creation was a HELLA FUCKING DARK grey. Evil but at least lawful evil to where they can grey that black a tad bit.   TLDR: It was fucking evil and had some reasons that were kinda effective at the time, but fucking evil. Evil for the time too.
Fallout 4 took 7 years to release... Let that sink in.
Im not defending the confederacy but I believe its important to understand why they supported slavery. They didnt do it because they were "evil" or whatever. Back then slavery was very normal in the southern states. it was their way of life. Running a farm was expensive and people bought slaves so they didnt have to pay anyone to do the work. And from what ive seen in my 20 years of living on this planet, white rich men hate losing money. If you mess with a mans money then they will raise hell if they have to in order to keep their money. Especially back then. That is the gray part of the black and white. Both sides thought they were in the right. Obviously slavery is wrong and I will never support it. Though I do feel like its important to understand why it happened the way it did. I shouldnt have to say that but some retard is gonna call be racist.
As a Texan. I support the UNION.
The music was the only good thing
My dad taught high school history for years (in Texas, is it matters) and he used this exact question for students who tried to use states rights as a "gotcha" - of course,  he taught the other concerns, but also was very clear about what the Confederate states wanted to do with those rights
The Principality of Sealand, a micronation that has lasted for 56 years, if my maths is correct, and has survived an invasion from a rebel government and a fire that nearly destroyed it. With a normal population of 2, an old fort from World War 2 has lasted about 5 times as long as the Confederacy. They were outlasted by a figging sea fort with an average population of 2. That tells you how weak the Confederacy was.
what's messed up as well is that the supreme court sort of helped the civil war along, they were the reason the south thought their right to own slaves was protected...
Fucking anoing orange outlived it lol
There was actually a lot more to it than just slavery, but in the end the argument just loops around back to slavery.  Slavery is a mode of production. Modes of productions (or "ways of producing") are a combination of the productive forces (think labor power) and the means of production (think tools, machinery, infrastructure, materials, exploitable resources, etc.) and of course everything else that goes into it; property, power and control relations governing said means of production, and a bunch of other shit you wouldn't care about.   Slaves were considered private property - technically personal property - though this is to be expected as personal property and private property have fused together to virtually mean the same thing by that point and today. Slavery was an extremely outdated mode of production even at the time; for reference a 'slave society' (as mentioned above) is intended to be followed by feudalism and then capitalism.  Like all systems which exploit the labor power of others, those who benefit from it despise any amount of their profits being taken from them unless they can be assured they will be reimbursed for it somehow almost immediately. Henceforth one can raise in such a society where private ownership over the means of production was so common that "If they abolish this private property [slaves] then they're going to abolish ALL private property!"... of course a laughable concept considering America was founded on the concept. But yes, it was about slavery; just with a couple asterisks at the end.
0:40 not defending the confederacy here, but a small correction: lincoln never said explicitly that he was going to abolish slavery for most of the first half of his presidency, to avoid stirring controversy with the slave states which were still in the union (maryland, delaware, kentucky, and missouri). he specifically stated that the war was over bringing the union back, which was a smart move on his part because, for one, he kept the border states in the union, but for two, he decreased the sectionalism which had contributed to the conflict in the first place (there were suddenly union-sympathizers in the south, and slave-sympathizers in the north). though it was clear that lincoln would at some point have to abolish slavery, he never explicitly said that he would during his election, and the south seceded the moment he was elected. the issue of secession was thus largely political, but like all things civil war, still heavily tied into slavery. at this point everything political was a slavery issue since the parties were literally defined on varying positions of slavery.
Even as a Brit i know it was more complicated than that, basically the North wanted to remove slavery as everyone knows, but the Southern states would've been economically ruined having relied on slave labour, something that was legal up until that point.  An equivalent would be being against child labour, but then buying a new pair of Nike trainers
Although slavery was undoubtedly the biggest piece in the states rights arguement, the Confederacy basically wanted states rights to manage their own economy. Economy was the big picture in this part of American history. The south felt that they were being taxed unfairly, they believed that giving the federal government more power would lead to the same situation they had when they were just colonies to the British, they believed that a national bank and internal improvements would only help the north as well.  Economically speaking, the south at the time was only able to make a good amount of money by producing cotton and selling to European nations. This ties into the invention of the cotton gin and how slavery was the south's way of gaining labor. Another thing was that the north and the south were economically disconnected. At the time, the western frontier was where farms were, which with the use of internal improvements, it would connect the north and the west. The south also seceded from the union because even though the North didnt want to end slavery but rather stop its expansion to new states, they forsaw this as the North's way to slowly get rid of whats economically important to them. Sorry for the large read.
What's funnier is that Lincoln at first didnt want to abolish slavery, rather he wanted to stop its spread. It wasnt until late in the Civil War that he decides that was the best course of action
Should put "Marching Through Georgia" by Tennessee Ernie Ford as well. Also Union Dixie that is used in this video is also by Tennessee Ernie Ford.
The confederacy constitution specifically had an amendment prohibiting states from abolishing slavery, SO it WASN'T EVEN about states rights.
I lost it after learning that ao outlived an entire cause that was in the thousands
Confederacy is basically American nazism
The wait between Sonic Forces and Sonic Frontiers lasted longer than the Confederacy. Hell, SONIC BOOM lasted longer than the Confederacy. Archie Sonic lasted almost 30 years, Sonic IDW has been around for 6 years, the Boost formula lasted 15 years, Sonic Adventure 2 is 23 years old, Sonic Advenure 1 is 26 years old... Damn, things aren't looking good for the Confederacy when a blue hedgehog and a fat man have been beefing for 33 years
little bro started beefing with a country that has not existed for centuries
And after all is their right to not continue in a confederation, by the way. You Americans are very hypocrite about "consent". Ever american war about "protect someone" and consent without their consent is a great excuse to destroy other nations.
Yeah, Dems really shouldn't have started the confederacy.
"0:55 By the way could you answer my question you fucking traitor?"
they fought for their state's right to get their ass kicked
as much as I have a distaste for American nationalist sentiment.... seeing people dunk the living shit out of neo-confederates and Southern Sympathisers will never not be funny.
Remember, conscription is slavery under a different name. That’s what happened to the Irish units. They were forced to fight for some political theatre that they had no part in. Also, the Fderal government made its money fro. The sales of slaves from ALL ports, as the ports are under the purview of what would become the Coast Guard. The Federal government has no right and authority to chase after any powers not ascribed to it in the Constitution and Amendments from 1A to 12A. Amendments after them are theater as well, as they are addressed in some way, shape, or form beforehand. Don't even get me started on the Feds and Native relations.
"Get a real country traitors!"
Southern culture goes much far back than 1861-1865. Beginning with the Spanish in Florida and Texas in the 16th Century- possibly earlier. They held the first Thanskgiving (Catholic mass and feast) in St. Augustine and El Paso. And Southern states didn't secede because of "slavery". They seceded for two reasons: a) they were self-sufficient to do so  b)the North and federal government weren't abiding by the Constitution as it was written at the time. There's nothing in the Constitution that prohibits secession. It is silent on that issue. It simply states that a state or territory cannot enter into any alliance, confederation or compact with another state, foreign power, etc. while a member of the United States. It has to be approved by Congress. However, once states or territories declare their independence, they are no longer bound by the Constitution. So the Confederates were not traitors. One of the largest investors in Southern Plantations, btw, was the Bank of New York. Well till the end of 1865. New Jersey didn't abolish slavery until January 1866. Delaware did away with all forms of servitude in 1901. Not long after the Hawaiian Territory did so with Organic Act in 1900. The last state to officially become a free state, was Colorado in 2018. Stripping all "slave language" from their Constitution. That's because the 13th Amendment did allow for slave labor in the case of criminal punishment.
There is actually a bunch of confederate descendants all the way down in Brazil, and they have their own little holiday that kinda celebrates their whole confederate declaration of secession
Fun fact: There actually a lot of African American slave owners in America, and Native Americans even owned slaves and joined the Confederacy to keep their slaves, getting their own brigade and units
Ya ever seen the gay confederate flag like a gay redneck goin "boy... im gon suck ya clean"
I'm not saying slave was right but this is got to be one of the dumbest ways to teach people to look at things and only one f****** way
States right to do what again?!
this is one of the funniest fucking videos ive ever seen holy shit
Ghetto smosh smoked all your weed
rich talking about how history is grey...WHILE WEARING YOUR GREY UNIFORM TRAITOR!
Ok slight error, Lincoln explicitly said he would not end slavery when elected, he wanted it abolished but he only prioritized keeping the union together and preventing the growth of slavery, the confederates seceded because (1) they still didn’t trust Lincoln and (2) they wanted slavery to expand. So a minor error but still gets the overall gist of it since the video is supposed to be short and there’s no point in saying like two extra sentences just to wrap back around to the original statement being pretty much correct, that original statement that they seceded because Lincoln wanted to abolish slavery, which is true just not the full picture which in my opinion only makes it worse, they so grubby about wanting to own other living breathing humans that they wouldn’t even consider staying in a country where it’s not gone, not smaller, not any less profitable, still incredibly lucrative, but not any bigger, and I find that grossest of all.
love how goobus is marching he squishes himself in the meantime while marching 0:35 golly thats f*cking evil
I think a States Right to self-government is the answer your looking for. Slavery was indeed the primary justification for secession, but secession and war are two distinct things. Do the States have a Right to leave the Union? That was the issue of war.
It feels like whenever US goes to war it either lasts 5 years or we just dominate them for 2 decades.
nope 90% is black and white when you look at it
annoying orange has lived about 3 times longer than the entire confederacy. really makes you think about the people who screech about their "heritage."
There needs to be more content absolutely bullying and trashing the confederacy.
I fucking hate this argument. Yeah, it was mainly for slavery. But people can’t just ignore the different culture and financial aspects related to the civil war.
As someone who Lives in Texas I see a bunch of People with this Stupid Flag
Gonna have to say goodbye
Loved your channel
Both sides of my family fought and died
You didn’t have a choice
In the war you had to pick a side
I guess real history is too much for fake people to understand
Why did you get rid of my 7 paragraph essay about history
The only confederate person I could defend is Lee, because he had proven himself to serve America after the civil war. Also, he was pardoned by a president many years after his death.
I had come back and make this comment:  I was on  a game and I was teaching EU's about the Cofederacy, and bro some random join (def American) and started telling me I'm wrong, and they didn't want slaves etc and I was thinking of this video being Doofus.   I feel ur pain omfg
Thank you <3
I think the Civil War was about a few issues, the overarching one being "slavery," the other being secession as the Constitution is mute on such a topic. The South was willing to be Union - and may have even compromised a bit in Congress on the slavery issue - but Lincoln's proposal of regulating the slave trade just went a bridge too far for their tastes. So they decided "man, screw this, we're out."
Doobus goobus I really liked your channel but now you just disrespected my heritage so now I have no respect for your channel and will no longer be a subscriber
Lol, okay...so you know how YouTube does that silent preview if you pause your scroll over one video for a few seconds?   When the silent preview for this started and I saw the character talking, in my head I heard:   "Flapjack! Flapjack! Come with me, we'll go and see a place called Candied Island!"   😅
lmao and thats exactly how the situation on transing kids (specifically) is going as well
The fact that Fortnite lasted longer than the Confederacy should be enough to dispel the whole heritage argument.  Anyway, STATESRIGHTSTODOWHAT?
The only gray area about the confederacy was the uniforms
Me: sees confederate flag The Arkansas guy: aCtUaLlY iTs tHe cOnFeDeRaTe bAtTlE fLaG, s0 iT aCtUaLlY iS sOuThErN sTaTe pRiDe Me: Still racist
They say it's "heritage, not hate", but as the descendant of slave owning plantation owners in Mississippi (Windsor Plantation to be specific) I will unabashedly say that it is a heritage OF hate AND treason!  People need to start countering "heritage not hate" with "heritage OF hate AND treason". There are a disturbing number of people in America these days who love tyranny with themselves as the tyrants, and you can typically tell who they are by how fervently they support the Confederacy (a dead nation fundamentally dedicated to ripping our nation apart from within).
dummies guide to civil war history
13th Amendment made slavery a States Rights issue.     "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction."
On a serious note, what rights did they actually want(besides slavery)? I'm no fan of theirs but I do like knowing the full story
Strawman argument. Southern industry accounted for 60% of Northern revenues. Abraham Lincoln is quoted as having said "I do not now, nor do I ever, intend to bring about the equality of the black and white races". Something to that effect. So he had no real intention of treating them any differently post reconstruction, and they allowed Sharecropping(which was basically the same thing) to continue so their industries could continue to receive raw materials. "mmmuh muh states rights" checkmating is all Yankee's are good at. I can hear the soy in your voice.
The "state's rights" argument has always and will always be used to justify efforts by fascists, authoritarians, and other flavors of nazis on the right wing to violate and end human rights.   If you use the state's rights arguments you are the villain of the story. You are the problem, and will be dealt with accordingly.
ah yes, the time the democrats got upset they couldn't have their free labor. so they made a new country that collapsed in 4 years.
I turned on subtitles and wasn't disappointed
The North: "Y'all can't own human beings, y'hear?  People ain't property." The South: "Y u so aggressive? "
the oldest pet rat to ever live was 7 years old. take that, Confederate fanboys, a rat lived longer than your "Empire"
Yeah, nah, I'm with the confederates. You freed them and look at how it turned out. They're a nightmare to live near.
Holy shit ending that with union Dixie was beyond beautiful. Thanks for the content that was amazing.
Look i am draw right guy as cringe and me as gigachad
The whole it’s about states rights thing is stupid.
1:21 they need to play this at confederate statues
Anybody familiar with old European serfdom? “Keep the serfs illiterate, otherwise they might get ideas above their station!”?   That was the politicians and rich in the South, and their attitude towards EVERYONE ELSE in the South, white and black, and they had the propaganda to make sure the poor dumb whites thought the war of Traitorous Slave-Owners Secession was about the North being oppressive, and NOT because the rich folks wanted to keep their slaves. And they were able to keep that propaganda machine going long AFTER the war too, to make sure that “We may have lost, but we will not be written about in history as the LOSERS!”  It was amazing and infuriating to me that it wasn’t until COLLEGE that I learned about that smear/propaganda campaign which has tainted American education *as a whole* since the Civil War ended. And that it was as successful as Turkey’s cover-up of the Armenian Genocide. (“It wasn’t _genocide,_ it was a war! Bad things happen in war!”)  Remember kids, if someone says, “States Rights” they MIGHT not be evil. They might be parroting stuff that was spread by their parents and grandparents, which was told to them by rich crackheads who were trying to protect the source of their ‘fix’. (Because POWER is a drug, and being able to OWN A PERSON is the Power=Drug Equivalent of crystal meth)
Lmfao get Douglas’d
“Can you answer my question you fucking traitor” 😂
LMAO!!!!
this was awesome LOL I've now watched this like five times and I still fracking love it.
States rights, in this case, were for deciding whether or not slavery would be legal. At the time it was morally gray thanks to societal standards in America specifically, though around the world? Not so much. Slavery had been abolished prior to the war in many nations such as the British Empire. The issue we see today is that the populace, largely made up of twitterites wants to tear down confederate statues and so those who oppose twitterite insanity in every fathomable scenario (therefor becoming just as insane) will do the opposite. Polarization is troublesome.
Slavery is evil and has been mentioned in a bible where Moses had to help god’s people out of egypt because of a corrupt pharaoh that made them overwork. Moses also tried to deny the calling on what god wanted him to do because moses was aware on what he did to God’s people but he chose him.
Didnt think this was something we should have to say in 2023 but yeah.
I think the argument that the confederacy only lasted for a short time is a dumb one, mostly because the south fought the war to protect the society of the south. Slavery existed from the beginning of the southern colonies, so I'd say its more reasonable to say that the confederate flag represents the society of the slave holding south from its inception to its end, which is close to 250 years. All things have causes, and I always find it funny that states rights is what it is simplified to because it basically comes down to the union fighting initially to preserve the union so the mormons out west didn't get any ideas, and the south fought for slavery and reducing tariffs. If the south hadn't seceded then slavery probably would have continued for another couple decades but made economically unviable by tariffs, as while Lincoln eventually was able to gin up enough support I don't think he would have done so in peacetime. There were multiple things in congress to make slavery basically an issue that couldn't have laws made about it nationally in the time before the south seceded.
Statues of confederate generals were also statues of former union generals, great generals too, thats why we only beat them by wave assaulting them (not really, we just had overwhelming numbers, we could replace 1 man with 2) but these generals (not all of them) did great or important things, and its a important aspect of our history, why are we trying to bury it? if you want to hide the fact the Africans sold there own people sure, go ahead, if you want to remove important facts from history be my guest, your welcome to live in a fantasy, but leave people out of your delusions please, we dont need more uneducated peoples in the world, we already have enough
Based and America Pilled 🇺🇸
Overwatch 2's development period lasted as long,  if not longer, than the Confederacy lmao
Anything at this point outlived the confederacy
This is great, something I have wondered what their response would be.  Almost as great as the US had a black man in the whitehouse for twice as long as the traitor nation existed.
States rights to do anything not outlined in the United States Constitution, as per the tenth amendment. You think you can galvanize a million men to fight for slavery? Tell me with a straight face that every Confederate soldier fought for, could afford to partake in, or gave a damn about slavery.   And oh, how we're paying for it today with our bloated federal bureaucracy. Goddamn near everything you can bitch about relating to the federal government is a power that they don't have the constitutional authority to enforce. Pot's federally illegal? Fed explicitly has no legal authority. You can't buy a light pickup truck anymore? Thank the Feds for mandating emissions legislation that led to most of the vehicles on the road being behemoths, which they never had the fucking authority to do in the first place.   Yes, slavery bad. We fought. North won. 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments ratified. We can all agree that that's a good thing.   Unfortunately, since, you might notice that state's rights have gone to shit.
As someone who grew up in South Carolina...I'm sorry. I'm...I'm just sorry. For all of it.
This is perfect
They fought for the states rights to own farming equipment
The Simpsons lasted longer than the confederacy.
This man made a more convincing argument with cartoons in 30 seconds then a pro confederate could make with years of research and paraphernalia.
"You fcking traitor" line and that ending song! Bravo man, bravo! 👍
The funny thing is though the south absolutely rebelled to keep slavery most of the north fought to keep the union together. While you had some abolitionists the vast majority didn’t give a shit about slavery. Look at how many union troops deserted after the emancipation proclamation.
You know what I'll give them this it was for other reasons but one was slavery so every other reason is thrown out the window I don't care how many puppies and kittens you save if you're a Nazi
I love how he doesn’t even draw it
And for anyone who says state rights over taxes: New York paid more taxes than ALL of the southern states did when they seceded.
"There was so much more than slavery at stake!" "Such as?" "There was the fear that slavery wouldn't continue to expand, the worry that slavery would be abolished, the possibility that the north wouldn't keep returning runaway slaves, the possibility that slave states wouldn't be able to dominate the legislature-- all sorts of things other than slavery itself."
true! most slaveowners were jews! isnt that funny? isnt it weird how jews think owning a person is a birthright? but you didn't say that, did you? :) coward cuck
there are too many confederate sympathizers in the comments
As a man who lives in the south I agree that some of us are pretty *cough cough*, extremely stupid
The fact that the Annoying orange lives longer than the American confederacy still gets me
Thank you my friend for doobus
Imagine sucking so bad as a traitor that your descendants will endlessly cope and seethe towards people calling your country “slave-owners”
Good job pointing out mental midgets this was fun
if confederacy was bad then the current usa is a villain
Actually, Lincoln never wanted to really remove slavery, the Confederacy was formed cause Lincoln was voted for, and not everyone liked the idea of having Abraham Lincoln as president but he just wanted to give the blacks freedom while trying to give those reforms to the South was sour cause the south Separation of the Union states from Texas, Florida, and Virginia that looks like a triangle against the flowing reach of the Union and Confederate states of America
States' rights in general. Look at your taxes and tell me you don't think the central government has gotten out of hand. Only problem is what spurned on the cecession.
The Confederates were seditionists and traitors.  That is the unvarnished truth.
States rights do what? 😂
Americans learned to exploit black people without slavery, that concept outlived itself. Democratic party was ahead of its time.
I'd love to see more History content like this from you.
Obama was president for longer then the confederacy existed.
I do find it interesting that the one time America had a civil war was a presidential dispute, just one more reason having a single person at the head of an entire branch of government while a bad Idea has its merits from time to time.
This is the best summary of why the lost cause myth is bs I've ever seen.
AMERICA APPROVES OF THIS VIDEO
Not saying that I think slavery is ok it is an abomination but can you at least mention tariffs?
well i looked up some of the points  the south hated abe long before, the south hated the north due to them not helping during the war with mexico, the south voted to leave the union because the north was all take and giving nothing in return especially the north taking so much of the souths money for literally no gain  did a few rich and powerful southerners who owned slaves want slavery? yes, did the 99% of southerners who did not own them want slavery? no.  abe was also a piece of shit who just wanted money and power and used anything possible as an excuse to keep the south and the southern money in the union, he killed so many of his people for power and money he should be seen as one of the worst leaders of history
the last 15 secs Union Dexie By: Tennesee Ernie Ford
it's sad that we live in a world where "slavery is bad" is considered controversial.
sir u have their battle flag not the actual flag
I didn't discover the absolute gold that was this videos subtitles until literally three months after first watching it. My joy is immeasurable and my mirth is unending.
Cha-rooo
The South will rise again.
My MacBook Pro has lasted longer than the Confederacy, and it’s still kicking unlike the CSA.
Comments be like L0L Dixie bad because lasted too short LOLOLOLOL
Is not racist, is a flag of freedom... Is the flag of hazard... :(
1:09 Was not weak, was simply unlucky.
Checkmate, Lincolnites!
state's right to self govern without federal intervention, or federal fiat. a state's rights to determine it's laws uniquely among the union without the fed overwriting it's choice for self governance, really it's a very simple principle it's shocking that people have had so much trouble understanding something so basic, but then, the american education system is horribly constructed and fails basically every student that is forced to work through it.
It’s even more hilariously sad that people (by people I mean southern red necks) who have the flag still claim to be American patriots
Oh and never forget that the confederates were run by Democrats and Abraham Lincoln and his party were Republicans.
Right to own property lmao
You guys know the confederacy almost won right!?  The north had: Almost all gun production  Overseas trading  Almost all industry   The south had: 97% of the cotton   Thank goodness they didn't develop cotton based armament technology.
Stop oversimplifying and strawmanning this topic. I have never met a single individual who both supported the Confederacy and supported slavery. Hell, the only people I've met who support slavery in the U.S. today are hardcore liberals that want to see white people enslaved as punishment for something nobody alive was ever responsible for.  Modern Confederate supporters want states rights in the broad sense of a decentralization of power in the U.S. It's not a "state's rights for what" question in particular, it's just the ability to decentralize the government. Remove power from the singular Federal level down to smaller states level to give the people more control over how they are governed.  Also, for the record, I don't support the Confederacy, so don't try assuming that and making yourself look like a fool.
So, yalls literal thought process is that the north came on down to free the slaves? Cute
doobus you really did not need a video on this its kind of a given that the confederacy was bad
That sounds our Southern Gentleman makes once he gets Douglass'd gets me every time lmao
Slavery is based
yeah the states' rights bit is goofy, the proper argument is that it was over ecomomic issues that included slavery, but also tariffs among a handful of other issues. the answer to "States' rights to what" is the states' rights to secede if they come to believe that the union was detrimental to their interests, in this case the north slowly trying to phase out the backward southern economic system which was based on agricultural slave labor. so the answer to "what was the civil war about" is "it was sorta slavery, sorta not, but at the same time sorta was, there were a lot of boring socio-economic and political factors but no matter what way you spin it, by virtue of the southern economy and society of the time slavery was most certainly associated with most of the reasons you could propose for trying to secede"
To answer your question, it's the States' right to secede. That's what the Civil War was fought over. The US Government did not believe States had the right to leave the Union, and so they fought a war to prevent that from happening. The North didn't even propose the abolition of slavery until two years into the war in order to bolster public and international support. Up until the Emancipation Proclamation, both sides were fighting for a South where slavery would still exist; one as part of the Union and one as an independent country.
Fun fact: The confederacy, lasting 4 years, lasted less then the development of of tf2. Tf2 took 9 years to complete. The confederacy, in other words, sucked.
Away down South in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators Right away! Come away! Right away! Right away, come away! Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away! Come away! Right away, come away!
I love Abe Lincon
i think it was funny
"Get douglass"
I don't particularly like confederacy but I do think it needs to be pointed out that a lot of the northern soldiers and generals went on to help with the rape and genocide of the native Americans. There were no good side bad side only only two bad sides fighting with regular  men fighting for whatever there goals were.
Me normally: I’m not in support of glorifying war or conflict as it is something that should be avoided at all costs   Me when thinking/talking about the American civil war: Sherman didn’t go far enough
To be fair, confederates weren’t as bad as nazis or young turks. They were just archaic.
Now lets see what kinda political tangents they had and what party that would be these days...
Went to see that specific tweet that got death threats, really funny how they pulling out the "Did your ancestor fight in that war" card i love ppl using "states right to do what" to fight back the ppl still defending this shit
If you think the occupation of states to impose your will on others is alignment with the founding principles of America, you’re not an American.
you know country is failler when it's in some sort of comflict in less of 10 years of it's existance  even the youngest country in courent world lives longer than american confederacy, the youngest country in now a days is South Sudan and it's 12 years old
Nuh Uhhhhhhhhhh
Yeah, democrats never could do anything right
I love the states right to do what line sm it’s the biggest fuck you I win sentence in a argument
Hey so uhhhh. Goobus..? Has it always been at just 33 likes?
Its not morally wrong though?
I hate it when people with confederate flags make excuses for it like “It’s southern heritage” LIKE BRO IT LASTED LESS THEN 10 YEARS AND DIDN’T AT EXIST AT THE BEGINNING OF THE SOUTH, NOR WAS IT THE BIGGEST THING ABOUT THE SOUTH. STOP MAKING EXCUSES!
Screw both union and confederacy Texas is the best and the reason America is better than other countries
They support Slavery and incest.
Wrong.
anyone who says the civil war was just about slavery is an uneducated waste of space. i can think of a useful occupation for such a low-intelligent being
This is too true
Heres a good fact:  Obama, the first and only black president of the usa, had a presidency longer than confederacy was a country. Obama server 8 years and confecerafy existed only for 5
imagine supporting someone who dispite having control of an entire army got owned by some civilian with a PISTOL!!!
He is not wrong they were a bunch of dirty traitors.
Confederacy was made not for abolitionist rights because there was some things that are like oh I mean like you're in too much control and we kind of want to Dish off cuz these taxes are too high and stuff like that but then again yes slavery played a huge part
daring today, arent we?
HOLD UP! I thought this video was like over 10 years old it has the nostalgic aniamtion and artstyle and concept that I onyl noticed the comments sections being within the year. Impressive and also fun to see a video reminds me of youtube  over 10 years ago
tho didnt annoying orange outlive nazi germany
States rights to have slaves, because the south's economy depended on slaves, by the north trying to remove them it was basically viewed by the south as the north sweeping the chair out from under them since north was starting to become just as productive as the south with the nearing of the industrial revolution. the south for the longest time was the power house of the US economy and as soon as the north saw their opportunity to remove slaves which they knew was wrong and couldn't last forever but was viewed as necessary to help the infant country to grow quickly they took it. but that choice would put the south in a lower economic class (which we still see today) than the north. so yes it was states rights to own slaves, but it wasn't just cause they were massive racists (which they were) it was basically to save their way of life up to that point. Which was objectively terrible and as such deserved to be destroyed but lets not pretend people celebrate confederacy due to the racism aspect as opposed to them seeing it as their ancestors standing up to ancestors to save their way of life.
States rights to export to Europe without extreme tariffs. Europeans supplied the South for this exact reason.  What, you honestly think a bunch of poor farm boys went to fight and die for the 1% to retain their ability to have slaves?
Well, the Union didnt declare war over slavery, so the Union didnt give that much of a shit about it. They juat wanted the resources of the southern states.
One metric needed to be a propoer nation is "A monopoly over violence" and is one that can be evidenced by repelling foreign invasion.  Sealand has passed this check. Sealand is a nation founded on an old English submarine watchpost that was illegally placed in international waters during WWII. Sealand, consisting of less than 10 people at the time, successfully defended its shores from English invasion less than 5 years after declaring its independence. It has now existed for 56 years, over ELEVEN TIMES the length of The Confederacy's existence, and its only lands IS A TOWER IN THE MIDDLE OF THE OCEAN SMALLER THAN A FUCKING HOUSE.  It's almost as if they didn't accrue public outcry, by, say, ENFORCING SLAVERY.
lil bro thinks its hard to get death threats on the internet mind you
The state's rights to do what?
“it was also about tax evasion”👴🏻
I normally say the civil war was about states rights, my phrasing sounded like that confederate boi, a more accurate way to phrase it is it was about state rights (Chiefly among them being to own property especially slaves[imagine having a hard time phrasing that]) but the federal army/army of the patomic/union were fighting to keep the nation together until it was completely about taking away slaves (After gettysburg i think, correct me if i am wrong bout that) so yer, grey but especially dark grey, almost black
Do it again uncle billy
Away down south in the land of traitors
not only is annoying orange lasting longer then the confederate states but so is fUCKIN TEEN TITANS GO! ....Slavery defenders shouldn't exist.
Taxes
when I was in the south I saw mostly black people flying Confidante flags
The North refused to follow federal law & the feds refused to enforce it, so the South declared war.  The laws were about returning 'property' to the rightful owners.  The North would also go around killing farm owners in attempts to free the 'property' & the feds would ignore it.  If you actually do research, the North & feds look way more like bad guys but no one seems to care about the actual truth.
Very few things are black and white yes However, that does not include the civil war, the civil war was about as black and white as it gets
One time I tried to explain to my sister that the Confederacy was so weak that her dog could have outlived it and she blocked me.   Honestly I think they just like the pretty colors of the flag at this point
Weird how many dislikes this vid got, but i guess that's an acceptable ratio of hateful idiots loving the idea of the Confederacy.
The Confederacy was Bad... Until it's not
The Corwin Amendment says you are laughable uneducated. Proposed by Ohio, majority support in the North, Lincoln publically saying he would not hesitate to sign it, and yet the South still seceded. As for the Confederate constitution - it specified the federal government would not be able to pass any laws regarding slavery, but individual states still could, and they were. Before the secession, 3 states were already voting on banning slavery in their individual state constitutions, and by the end of the war 5 of the states that seceded had banned slavery in their state constitution. The Civil War was a massive waste of life for no reason. England, France, and Spain had already settled the issue without killing their civilians before our Civil War. Lastly, Lincoln had written an executive order to deport all prior slaves back to Africa before he was assassinated.
For multiple states slavery was already losing and was not the reason they fought in the civil war. At least one state wanted to secede because they were against the federal government’s tariffs under Abraham lincoln. The states all had the right to secede until Lincoln simply took it away tyrannically, although the concept of “nullification” is absolutely bs and the states that tried that were blatantly wrong legally speaking. Slavery was an absolute evil and I’m glad the civil war ended it, but it wasn’t the only reason for that war, and the others are not good ones. It’s like the silver lining on a storm cloud, if that cloud was government centralization, the deaths of more Americans than ever before, and a civil war.
historians be like "we can't judge people of the past by our modern ethical standards."
The biggest loser is anyone who supports confederacy as a form of government since the last time anyone tried that it was synonymous with slavery, so now the very word leaves a bad taste in your mouth
It’s trie though. All confederate sympathizers are traitors.
Civil War was about taxes the south had their own economy and money they did not pay Yankee taxes to DC and the politicians resented it so they used slavery as an excuse to invade the south and seize properties. After the Civil War nothing changed in the south that was not until the 1960s
Americans: hey guys, slavery bad, confedrationists are stoopid, stop worshipping them Also americans: of course those Ukrainian guys should be allowed to worship a Nazi, why are you asking?
They say not everything was black and white, and in most cases thats true. But this is one of the few moments in history where it really was black and white. If you think I'm wrong, fight me traitor.
the confederacy was not even long enough for a generation to exist within it. "ancestory" my ass
insanely based doobus moment
What’s the song name at the end?
Why the fuck being states for a country at all to begin with?  if you want to have the absolute freedom of making whatever the fuck you want then make your own country
What's even funnier, is that the CSA's government was far more overreaching and tyrannical than the North ever was. They even explicitly abandoned the 'states' rights' rhetoric as soon as they established the CSA, saying it had 'served its purpose'. Hell, they were even contemplating *monarchy*.
I mean it was a bit more complicated then just slavery, but slavery was pretty much the main reason, like the union isn't really any better either, also like most people at the time couldn't afford to buy any slaves at the time because poverty, so like most things through out history you can track it back to entitled rich idiots, but there is also the massive cultural divide that had existed throughout most of the Souths existence and the North as well, the civil war was going to happen slavery or not, but it did exemplify and actually ended the war quicker if it didn't exist within the Americas in the first place, the Union didn't actually guarantee the "freedom" of the slaves until 1863 which was more of a military tactic then anything else, it did have a lot of Morales around sure don't get me wrong but it was for a large part a way to prevent foreign powers to intervene in the war on the side on the confederates, as that is a "career ender" as you said in the pooh rules the world video. The British and the French especially most likely would have supported the south if it wasn't for the fact the entire war was on the matter of slavery which they had both thrown off and shown great disdain for, (Context: this part is not talking about slavery but relations to the US) mainly sense they hated the US and union at the time for not meeting their end of the bargain on certain deals or for rebelling against them.   States Rights was also a bit of a different thing then just slavery but that was one of the main things as stated before, it was for one part on the issue on tariffs when it came to trades if I remember correctly, as the Souths main export (which it is still one to this day) was cotton, and it was waning in value at the time as the British grew more self reliant on home growing the product making it harder for farmers to pay for those tariffs which only rose in value as the Union/North were already industrialized at this point in time and had garnered themselves a massive trade economy, so farmers started to grow more cotton which made the price of it decrease even more which put all of the farmers in a noose at that point, and they grew angry with the Union as they not only didn't meet their demands to lower the tariffs but instead increased them even more.  It was also another part due to the cultural divide between the North and the South as I stated before. The north was a Urban and Industrial powerhouse pumping out a massive amount of product and resources that were unheard of during that time period, and the south was a rural farmland that was all hand labor and tradition for the most part, the south was also of a far different religious background then those of the north and had come from different areas in the world to settle the unique terrains of their regions which exemplified the cultural divide even further.  The Civil War was a simple yet also very complex war, but it was also a pretty big turning point in US history for various other reasons outside of the slavery and later civil rights debate, it showed how easy the US is to divide when people disagree on an issue and feel strongly about it, and a tale against extremist ideology that would do so, as every time any extreme ideology has ever persisted throughout any point of time in history the only thing it ever leads to is mass death, the US actually heavily resembles the tension found in the civil war for multiple controversial main issues such as slavery was but also other "minor" issues that effect the core of society today, at this point a second civil war will start up by historical precedence as it's already been shown before that Americans back then and today would rather solve their disputes with weapon in hands on the battlefield then a simple conversation. To be fair the US is worse off now then it is, the south still hasn't recovered from the civil war, as reconstruction was pretty much just a way to try and wipe southern culture to forcefully integrate the south into the northern industrial urban one, which ended about as well as any Empire that had ever conquered Poland (Fun Fact: They all collapsed miserably and horribly)  The reason most Southerners hold the confederacy, despite it's many misgivings in such high regards, is due to the fact the union had pretty much fucked the south over every turn it could get, economically none of the southern states besides maybe Texas are doing well for themselves, industrially the south despite it being one of the prime spots for setting up an entire regional industrial complex isn't anywhere near that, the Souths culture is seen with immense disdain due to the civil war and it's association with slavery, along with just being the odd one out compared to the dominate Urban city life of the East and West coast that had started within the Union. The south holds onto the confederate identity as it's disassociated with the rest of the US which shares far different values from the rest of the country.  TLDR: Simply put the culture of the South and that of most of the rest of the US, would have never meshed well, and the South would have always started the civil war slavery or not, but slavery was indeed one of the main issues that had started the civil war, despite it not being a practice that most people in the south or the entirety of the US in that matter could actually afford to do if they wanted to. The Souths Culture, Economy, Background, Religion, History, and unique dynamics would and will always clash with the rest of the USA as they are uniquely Southern ideas that the rest of the US wouldn't understand due to the vast differences between them. I don't support the Confederacy back then, but this is just me explaining what "State Rights" without the massive focus on slavery that has been such an overshadowing thing would have actually been, and the issue with culture is pretty much even worse then it was before. Also the Confederacy of old wouldn't be able to ever comeback under the fact what was known as the "Deepsouth" at that time has altered quite significantly actually, this one is just an opinion but Texas has heavily removed itself from the rest of the South and integrated itself with the more Western parts down south of the US like New Mexico and other heavily Hispanic states, but the entire southern tip of Florida is just it's own entire entity separate from all other regions of the US at this point.  TLDR for TLDR: Yeah it isn't exactly a grey colored war, but it isn't black and white either, more of a murky slush rather it's a pretty complicated war that is easy to boil down to one core issue more prominently dictated and written about in the history books, journals, and other memorabilia of the time. I can't really say the Confederacy was right, can't say the Union were the good guys, the were not for sure, but they did a very good thing despite ulterior motives that did lead them to solidify that decision (It was actually something that was planned to be done far later down the line as the south was slowly eased into the idea of freeing the slaves and as technology was supposed to be introduced that would actually get the south to industrialize so they didn't need slaves to do manual labor which was actually holding the south back from developing but as we know that didn't end up happening, humans are really dumb sometimes) anyway yea, complicated shit, morale of the story slavery is objectively wrong, the Union weren't all that swell themselves. (God did I just spend a part of my life I'm never going to get back explaining historical context to a war that has been dead and gone for nearly over 200 years to a short animation that I technically agree with?)   Love the videos keep it up! (Note: For people who don't read no I don't support the confederacy, read the full thing or don't say anything, not going to argue with people wearing blindfolds, though I don't support the Union either, especially what they did after the war, objectively the bad guys during the "reconstruction" period, there is a reason the south still holds so much contempt for the north, and it was the disingenuous attempt of gutting the entire identity of the south after the war. Most southerns agree the war of slavery was just bad, well the sane ones at least.)
This is the state of American education? 😂😅 How stupid do people have to be to twist themselves into a ball to believe this ignorant crap?  The fact that no one in this tread knows that slavery was protected by the united States constitution and SCOTUS, makes this the dumbest video ever produced. Typical low brow Walmart worker.
My PC has existed longer than the confederacy, it had less lifespan than a wild capybara... move the f on!
There are people who’s emo phases lasted longer.
People are still defending slavery for some reason? That’s the dumbest thing I’ve seen
As a Texan, This is fucking hilarious
Guys, I figure it out They wanted states rights to do slavery
Get Douglas'd at the end is what really got me cackling
I mean, if the Dunmer could do it...
Remember the British Empire was fighting against slavery   So when someone says the British Empire was bad call them a evil confederate  😎
This is pathetic 💀
ah yes... lets over simplify a part of history... cause hey that abe lincoln was really a nice guy... but heck who wants to look at the details and shit
didnt mississippi literally claim their government was based on the slavery ideologies or smth idk I dont remember history but they said something like that
My fucking cat is older than the confederacy
🇺🇸🦅💥
checkmate...
none of the soldiers who fought in the civil war weren't rich enough to have much farmland, much less own slaves. almost all of them fought because it was the equivalent of rooting for your home team in sports; it was just the honorable thing to do for them back then, no matter what they were fighting for. anyone who actually fought didnt give a rats ass about slaves, but instead most plantation owners (who were almost entirely wealthy jews) lobbied a lot of the war effort.
Youtube has lived 4 times longer then the CSA, that should say something.
As an Iraqi I hate us goverment and this video sorta makes me mad
God bless America 🇺🇸
I do think the confederacy had a good point with the whole slavery thing.
Doobaholics
We still treat animals and many humans the same way today.
He hit 'em with the Frederick Douglass??  I cant with this mans 🤣
Someone who knows a little bit about the Civil War will tell you that it was fought over slavery.  Someone who knows a little bit more about the Civil War, or someone who thinks they know a lot about the Civil War, will tell you that it was fought over state's rights.  Someone who actually knows a lot about the Civil War will tell you that it was absolutely, undoubtedly fought over slavery.
I'm just curious about the Native Americans and Black people that also fought on the side of the Confederacy.  If it really was just about slavery, then what would they have gained from it? Also didn’t have quite a few people in the North, including ones that signed the constitution, also slaves?  Didn’t the US continue to have slaves even after the Confederacy lost??
"Get Douglass" is such an underrated line
the way you deliver "For STAAAAAAAATES RIGHTS" always cracks me up...
Idk about you ... but if this video is supposed to "mock" the confederates, it sure as hell missed the goal. In fact, it makes them look very much more likeable than the green doodle here.
maybe the internet is ok again?
This has some misinformation here. Lincoln was not going to abolish slavery. He only did it as a war strategy to preserve the union. The South did fear that he would potentially end slavery, but Lincoln himself was not running on such an idea. Let's not pretend Lincoln actually cared about slaves or black people in general. It is good that he freed the slaves even if it was for the wrong reasons, but he ultimately left us with nothing instead of properly trying to right the wrongs of slavery, which is why the black community is still behind in many areas. Next time you decide to speak up on sensitive topics like this, please be careful to get the details right and not spread misinformation like that
Went straight for the jugular 💀
Lmaooo go orange!!!!
And now they’re living in brazil doing who knows what
I will say taxes were a big part ironically 😂
Loving this psyop. Whatever keeps us fighting eachother, right?
As a history nerd, I approve of this message 🗿
✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾PTTP MF
We should have listened to sherman
I LOVE the Frederick Douglas cameo at the end. Very appropriate.
Also funny how Obama's presidency lasted longer than the Confederacy
If the confederacy didn’t fail it would’ve abolished slavery with time after industrializing in the early 1900s and we would’ve been left with a much happier America I feel, cause the federal government is the source of a lot of American problems
I'm kind of out of the loop. Who, exactly, is still saying this?  EDIT: Alright, I got my answer. You can stop replying to me now.
iFunniers seething rn
Hopping into this comment section to see so many people agreeing with the video instead of racist asshats trying to argue has really restored at least some of my faith in humanity
Based
The states rights to let jews own slaves
Get a real country, traitors!
Huh I was just thinking about this video earlier today and here it comes in my recommended
Yes, States righhts was a major thing for the South. And had they choosen that hill to die on, then it would be valid. But, the confederate leaders choose slaver as their fighting cause. not one of, but THE.   Also, funny side note. Lincoln was anti slavery (still up in the air on how racist he actually was however), but he was willing to tollerate it if it meant keeping the union together. The South rebelling actaully allowed him al the power he needed to banalvery in those states. We also had four slave states side with the uniuon in Kentucky, Missouri, deleware and Maryland. Granted their loyalties were divided like West Virginia, and most of the rest of the country, as salve states weren't all black and white.  And a final note to end on, just to play devil's advocate. the average confederate soldier actually didn't care too much about slavery, as they couldn't afford slave to be a worry. The one who did care were the rich politiicans in Richmond and other cities that wanted slavery to be their united ideal. The average soldier sided with them because they identified with their state identy, and barley considered themselves Americans. this is actualy what cause Robert E. Lee to rebel, as he saw himself as Virginian, not an American. And its why so many borthers fought each other, as a goodmany saw themsleves as American first.
Slaves should be free VS Slaves should be free
And my Brit ancestors heard that a civil war was going on in the US and we decided to mind our own business. We already lost a war to the US, we know what they are fully capable of especially after a good couple years as well.
Idk why but while I definitely don’t support confederates, I find goobus annoying here  -a non american
“The confederacy as more gray, they were fighting for state rights.”  Yeah and the north ended up fight for the basic human rights. And one such basic as “don’t own people.”  Truly a gray issue between the rights of a person, and the right of a mini governmental made up of a few rich a**holes. Specifically the fee rich a**holes rights to ignore the rights of other people.  Truly we are working with gray and gray morality.
Not a single kid born during the confederacy reached puberty before it ended. That's how fast it went. One war and poof.
This feels like a real conversation I’ve had in my life. God this is sad.
slavery is okay if its consensual, thank you for attending my ted talk
The south wanted to secede over a multitude of things. "HURR DURR ALEXANDER STEPHENS THOUGH!" Oh wow as if you actually care about vice presidents. Do you follow Kamala Harris like the Bible? Do you take her word as scripture? Also the state constitutions weren't all about slavery and they were written by a group of the state representative's so of course the concern got in.  Also LINCOLN DID NOT COME SAYING HE WANTS TO ABOLISH SLAVERY. He actually tried protecting slavery multiple times saying "Rejoin the union and you can keep your slaves forever!". Look up the Corwin Amendment which passed.  Also comparing a wartime nation to a TV show is stupid. The revolutionary war lasted a shorter time than some shows yet we all celebrate a holiday about it every year as our culture
DOO DOO DOOBAHLOLICS
The flag was great
I used to think it was so crazy slavery was a thing when I was a kid and couldn't believe anyone ever thought it was okay. Then I got older and realized how many people supported killing the unborn and slavery no longer seemed unimaginable.
I am a proud northerner from Wyoming and I know for a fact, no matter how many times hillbilly southerners like to deny this, the war was over slavery. It’s common sense. I like to sum it up as the South was very much opposed to Lincoln’s personal view on slavery on top of the fact that the “fEderAl gOveRnMeNt hAd tOo mUcH poWeR” and thus succeeded. When the war began the Union fought to preserve the United States and throughout the war the south fought to preserve and expand upon the institution of slavery. And quite frankly I wouldn’t mind burning down Atlanta, Georgia once again for no reason whatsoever (dunno why I became so bloodthirsty all of a sudden).
A states right to leave the Union. Why did they want to leave? To continue slavery. If the south was a different country then the government wouldn't have had the authority to outlaw slavery in the south.
still better than current year
i have played world of fucking warcraft longer than the confederacy lol
FUCK YEAH, FREDERICK DOUGLASS LETS FUCKKING GOOOO
The USA is a company NOT a country
my fucking discord account is lasting longer than the confederacy  it's currently 8 years old
"Let us have peace" ~ Grant
imperialism is bad.
“Slavery bad” when the freed men corrupt society.
America back then,  “We’re free!” (Rich people making people into slaves)  America now, “We’re free!” (Poor people pretending to be rich people, not realising that they’d probably end up as a slave.)
My favorite thing about people screeching state rights is that if you poke and prod them enough they will eventually admit that slavery was the root cause for everything the Confederacy wanted
I find it funny because every time someone says something bad about the south they say we had states rights so we really weren't actually that bad what Warriors states rights and they never said anything I'm like you guys were just scared of black folks so you wanted slavery and like no it was more than just that it was states rights for he proved a point states rights to do what because fun fact a good hunk of people I met who were racist didn't like being called racist
TF2 lasted longer than the confederacy
I see that 6.7k traitors found this video 👀  Edit: 8.5k traitors
Thank you Mr. Goobus for exposing a bunch of dummies. Love the captions!
Reminder that the original COD Zombies timeline lasted from 2008-2018, thus outlasting the Confederacy by more than double
I played Warframe longer then the existence of the Confederacy.
This is 🧢  <joke>
I will say this you got one thing wrong.  The south left once Lincoln got in cause they thought he would abolish slavery.  If the south had not left or pushed back in such a way Lincoln would have never done so. He even said himself he would not free the slaves (since he thought it would create a civil war and through most of the war did not make it about freeing slaves till it made it that Europe would stay out of his way).  However Lincoln did want to free them and I am glad he did as his earlier plan to let it naturally die out would have been stupid, longer and led to still tons of oppression.
the brony fandom has lasted longer than the Confederacy
Brilliant
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic lasted 9 years.  _Bronies_ have a stronger heritage than lost causers.
man these are shitty comments
I only support what we can learn from the Confederacy. -Slavery was bad. -Politicians will abuse rights, State or Federal -Their military was strong, but thanks to the unwillingness to use slaves, the Union had gained more numbers. -While the Union saw slaves as people, The Confederacy saw human beings as livestock, which makes a more accurate representation for the definition of slavery.  So, as flawed and terrible as The Confederacy was, at least we learned and defined important things from their mistakes. colon p. (:p)
Southerner here! It absolutely was about slavery. I had to read my state’s confederate constitution or whatever (edit… secession convention thingy) in APUSH. Guess what was on it.
It’s true that very few things in history are black and white, but this is one of those very few things that are.
Only cool thing abt the confederacy is the flag, they have a cool flag.
confederacy was shit, california wokism is shittier
Ok, i want to preface that slavery is awful and terrible and should never be done again. But i also want to say why southerners feel so strongly about the confederacy.   First thing you need to understand is how slavery is used in different cultures. As my history teacher put it, among slave owning societies, there are those with slaves, and those that are built on slavery.   For example, imagine the world exactly as it is, except rideshare apps are at no monetary cost. Uber, lyft, those electric bikes and scooters, all of them. The catch is, a dog dies everytime you use it. It is a random dog, but was a family pet, and you see a picture of it along with its name and the crying family.  But you can easily avoid this by just not using a rideshare app. Use a normal taxi, walk, take a train, call a friend, etc. There are other options that are easy to access. That is a society with slaves. Sure it sucks, but is pretty limited overall and easy to overcome/remove  A society BUILT on slavery operates as if that dog premise applied everytime you or anyone else got onto the internet for any reason. Looking up directions, cooking tips, questions, anything. The internet is integral to modern society and applies in places you may not expect, like inside your car or gaming systems. Some people have alarm clocks with an internet connection. So is the answer to boycott the internet? Would companies destroy their own infrastructure because it was the right thing to do? Could you seriously keep your job without internet access at all? How would you pay rent? All banks are online now, at some point a dog is dying expressly for the purpose of you getting your money, even if you get it in cash.  For the south, slavery was pretty much all encompassing. It was a vital part of their economy and way of life. It was an absolutely disgusting practice but one that everybody in the system absolutely depended on. At some point, every good or product passed through a slaves hands in the south before you bought it  And what about the small scale? For the confederacy, they were fighting to keep slavery. For the confederate soldiers, many were fighting for their way of life and their families who depended on it. They were by no means innocent of wrongdoing, many if not all practicing racism in a time where it was rapidly decreasing and being disproved as a virtue in almost any rational debate, but they went out to fight and die in hopes that their family wouldnt suffer a great depression and starvation as a result.  Again, the confederacy was built off of evil ideals, but every confederate was a person with their own priorities, fears, and virtues. They were just on the wrong side of history and the wrong side of the war. Had they been born in the north, they may have been exactly the same for all we know.
Bruh
the flag shown in the thumbnail is the south carolina battleflag and not the CSA flag
StAtEs RiGhT TuDoOwHuHt!?
Just like The Alamo! The last bastion of slavery!
"The Civil War was about a multitude of reasons!"   Yeah but one of those reasons was slavery, wasn't it  I don't care how many dogs you foster from the shelter if you're also a serial killer
Naaa CSA was cool whatta mean It was a real countrt lasted longer than french  Paris communine during Franco Prussian war
The confederacy fighting for state’s rights is the wrong way to put it. They were fighting against the reach of the federalist government.   But yeah, they were also fighting for slavery.
Too own slaves but its ok slavery would go away eventually.
"It was never about slavery!" and yet blacks were treated like shit for another hundred years during reconstruction and jim crow.
Until now I've only seen you Winnie the Pooh videos on tik tok. This has such a different vibe, but the same exact energy. I love it, don't change.
I like how the green guy asks “states right to do what?” And the grey guy can’t think of an answer but does say “Listen, freind, there was more to it than slavery…” If that was true, Wouldn’t THOSE “more to it” things count as states rights to do what?
The amounf of times i wantdd a grey man to answer me
Unpopular opinion: the reason they wanted to keep slaves was because a majority of the economy was based upon the cotton trade & slave trade; and yes it was evil. Abraham Lincoln didn't even sign the emancipation proclamation to free slaves; he signed it to free the slaves explicitly from states in the SOUTH.
OK the fucking union dixie at the end and doob marching is too fucking much I fuckin about passed myself
AYE THATS MY JAM AT 1:20
Fun fact they werent even for states right.  The confederacy/the states who became them litteraly tried to forbid the other states through the federal goverment to  abolish slavery.
as a texan ive seen more confederate flags than american flags
well this was a good laugh. if anyone wants a good listen look up "checkmate liconites" by Atun-shei Films. he basically dresses up as a union and Confederate soldier talking about both sides of the Civil War. the politics that lead and going on during it. culture of the times, and other things that are often brought up with confederates and the Civil War.. along with funny skits with the characters.
I myself am a Southerner and the only thing I like about that is the food.
WE'LL ALL GO DOWN TO FUCKING DIXIE
I never understood “state’s rights” I understand freedom from the government, I understand oppression by the government, but I don’t understand freedom OF a government from a bigger government just so the smaller government can oppress people.
Genius!! LMAO Too awesome.
The confeds won the 1st and 2nd battles of Bull Run, They won the battle of Chancelorsville, they won the battle of Fredericksburg, heck they even won Chickamauga in the Western theatre of the Civil war. (I'm not supporting the traitors, just stating the battles they won)
I am not American so please explain me that why do some white people support black people even though black people wont support white people in the same way? The majority of the crime rate is committed by the blacks in America.
Regardless of the meaning the flag looks cool as fuck and in the same manner all over the world the british flag is no longer a symbol of the British empire which was very mean to those whom was under it's control, the confederacy flag has lost it's connection to slavery and now is just a symbol of the american south, but this comment is coming from neither a british person or an american so make of it what you want.  of course there will be extremists who still interpret the flag in that way, but i think a lot of southern states raise that flag to bond over southern culture rather than a wish to return slavery.
I'm saving this. This is gold.
You're invited to all cookouts
Same southerners will claim Sherman burned down their home and stole their shit when like 90% of the time Sherman's march took place an entire state away from their shit.
Quick google search  Overwatch 1 was out longer  Kingdom hearts rapid relases of KH 1 KH-CoM KH2 KH-258/2 lasted longer  if you don't have a middle school in your area then HIGHSCHOOL LASTS LONER
I love you for this
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS
I’m confused af
Wait a minute this is a checkmate linchonites referance
Both this video and a lot of the comments are being disingenuous. You can say that they're incorrect for claiming the Confederacy wasn't about slavery if you want.   But most people today will agree that slavery is wrong, even people who fly the Confederate flag. Just slapping the label of racist on everyone that disagrees with you will get you nowhere. The reason no side is ever convinced of anything is because people are more interested in insulting each other than having an actual intelligent conversation.
There is a couple things wrong with this video 1: while yes the main man who wanted secession of the south was a horrible racist the entire south was split 50/50 on slavery most people in the war just wanted more freedom though most people in the higher areas of control were bad people 2: the union was not that good either while they did want to stop slavery they did multiple bad things in order to win the war two of them being, implementing federal income tax and saying once the war was over it would be gone and instating martial law where your neighbor could just say you were a confederate spy and you would be in a jail cell and they wouldn’t tell you why. Yes the union winning was the better outcome but the civil war was not infact black and white.
My dog is older than the Confederacy. She'll be 8 this November 22nd!!
thank god the confederacy doesn’t exist anymore   btw i live in a south state (Florida) and that one was born in 1845 so they must’ve been part of the confederacy IM SO SORRY I DO NOT CONDONE THE CONFEDERACY’S ACTIONS I DON’T EVEN KNOW IF ONE OF MY FAMILY’S GENERATIONS WANTED SLAVERY😭
This was excellent, succinct, and factual. Awesome
How are Southerners still trying to defend their "Heritage..."  You have to be the most blind and dense rebel motherfucker to try and say this was about anything other than slavery.  Just remember, regardless of how the Northern yankees dealt with this war, you still lost. At the pivotal battle that mattered, you were absolutely thrashed.   "But, t-the war was about the state's ability to disagree with the federal government..."  *About what..!?*  "The north wanted to take our economy..!"    *Powered by what..?*  "This war was an action of Northern aggression!"  *More aggressive than lashing your slaves and splitting up their families..? Skinning them alive if they rebelled or woke up too late? The South fired the first shot on Fort Sumpter, it wasn't the North being aggressive at all.*  "Stupid, this war was about preserving the union."  *Why did the south decide to succeed from the union though? If you can't come up with anything other than one of these quotes, it was slavery..!*  "Lincoln didn't want to take their slaves though... He wanted to starve the slavery industry slowly... So he sort of endorsed it..."  *Regardless of his approach, it was the Southern state's decision to succeed that forced this war. No-one forced the confederate troops around Fort Sumpter to fire those cannons.*  How about you get a real country, that isn't just taking Britain's flag and making it the Un-union jack. 🇺🇸🇬🇧  -With lots of love lmfao, a northern yankee.
While i agree the confederacy was dumb, ignoring the other arguments is also pretty stupid.  Thats like saying: "well the British practiced slavery so we should ignore absolutely everything else and hyper focus on that and that alone."  The very same phrase can be used in context with a LOT of countries including the US. Not being willing to listen to other people's positions is incredibly stupid no matter the context.   Edit*  For context I'm not trying to defend the confederacy, I'm pointing out the fact that ignoring other people's opinions just because you don't like them is ignorant and outright stupid.
And that is exactly why colonialism was right
1:03 wrong flag, that flag is from the confederacy navy.
Not some neo confederate looney tick but, Lincoln didn’t intend to get rid of slavery in places it already existed lol
"Btw can you answer my question you fucking traitor" now that's a line
Thank you doobus for sending me back into my obsession with the civil war!
Bruh didn’t even use the right flag. The one he used is the battle flag
And that's not even talking about the sectionalism period, where states would be inducted or even split up entirely based on their opinions on slavery and maintaining a balance between slave and free states, the allegiances of western states was entirely decided by slavery, thousands of people would go across state lines to vote in a state they didn't live in based on the vote's effect on slavery, a congressman was physically assaulted by another congressman during a session of congress because he was anti-slavery, street debates on slavery had become extremely popular, etc etc. For 40 years or more this was going on, and people are saying that when states started ceding right at the HEIGHT of sectionalism, and the period ended right at the civil war's conclusion, that slavery wasn't a significant factor? They're not just ignoring civil war history, they're ignoring an entire half a century of history at minimum.
Back here after some people found out they melted the lee statue and are acting like this. “They are ERASING OUR HISTORY WE ARE NEXT-“
"You're ignoring our other concerns" They ignored their other concerns until it was convenient not to.
I just gotta say, that the flag does look good on the 01 general Lee car though, I don't support what it stands for, but I like how the looks, not I could give two rats a** about the history of the flag and what it stands for, it's not right, but yeah I only like how it looks and that's it, the other stuff the flag stands for I don't support.
The Confederacy were the bad guys bc they wanted to keep slaves.
Loser say what now
Ironic that you are making the video while being wrong about the subject. It was mainly economic war, because one side didn't let the other profit. Both sides were fine with slavery actually.   So it had nothing to do with slavery and then later down the line it magically become about slavery. Certainly not because it makes winner look better or anything like that. :)  You're welcome. Feel free to reearch it further yourself if you are unwilling to stay ignorant. You are probably fine staying ignorant though. It's a bliss afterall.
It easy for racism!
this person is really talking about the Confederacy. Where's the World War II German talk about
People tend to forget that that president that was going to end slavery was a Republican. And civil rights has been on the Republican ticket since then...
President Lincoln did some good things. However he wasn't all good. He would oppress the press, and not let those Newspapers print. Which is why that dude who shot him referred to him as a "Tyrant."
Based Goobus moment. Anyone who still sides with the Confederacy (read: pro-slavery) needs to sit in a corner and contemplate just how much they deserve to be scolded like a child.
The Confederation was like what Ukraine is to Russia.
1 that's not a Confederate flag it was the Navy flag, and the civil war really had nothing to do about slavery, moreover it was about the railroad, economics, in the opinion of the Constitution,
not a single word about how slavery should not be done i fell like he wants slavery back
tell em !
"States rights to do what?"   This is a question asked by people who have absolute no idea what they're discussing and think it is some sort of gotcha when abolition began in the south and slavery began in the North. WHen the Northern Slave Ports were massive and the North was some of the last states to abolish slavery. States rights refers to governance structure. During the founding of America the original government after the Contintental Congress, was the Confederacy of America which George Washington was the last president of before switching to the Federal System.   The Federal system was agreed upon under promises that its powers would not be abused and states rights, IE States abilities to set their own laws and govern their own territories was to be protected. Prior to the "civil war" the federal government had engaged in overreach after overreach. This combined with a cutlural divide between the North who initially wanted to suceed from the South and the South who succeeded after Lincoln was elected without the Southern Delegation.  Anyone who tries to defend the North is entirely ignorant of history. Not only did they have slaves, they didn't free any during the war. The Emancipation proclamation only freed slaves in foreign territory. Occupied territory would not see any slaves freed. Prior to the war the black population of the South was 4 million. After the war the population thanks to the long march to the sea and the Norths hatred of black people, the population was reduced to 3 million. Of the remaining 3 million only 300,000 went northword, many of whom had helped the Northern Army and would have faced persecution by their own communities.  Next time pick up a book on history and politics.
Be real, you watched this more than 3 times in the span of one week.
If you don't get death threats from nazis, you have never done anything that hurt them
Imagine losing Thousands of Men because one of your Officers lost the Cigars that he had wrapped in secret Marching Orders.    Order 191 Moment, common traitor L
I love this.
The North wasn't always fighting to end slavery, but the South was always fighting to preserve it.   May the Slavers' Revolt never be misremembered again.
States right’s to disagree with federal government. Fuck the federal government.
I just like the flag because of the Dukes of Hazzard. :)  Confederacy in general although, 6 feet under to anyone who supports it.
Wanna make these people real amd, just remind them that Obama's term was longer than the Confederacy, so Obama is a much bigger part of their heritage.
"Get Douglased" is pretty good.
"The taxes the south had to pay the north if they imported any supplies from other counties instead of from the north because the north had a higher price" cough cough oh sorry had something in my throat ther- ah ah ah "northerns coming down and killing southerns in an attempt to cause a slave revolution and get more salves killed as either way a revolution is a revolution and killing people over a cause is better then people getting killed over free labor is better" chew sorry had to sneeze also how is exporting poor laborers from Ireland and then them starving on the streets becuase their unpaid edem aka the north better then slavery? Lets put them side by side north and south Slavery-free food, free housing, death, punishments Immigrants-no free food, no free housing, way way more death then slavery, diseases which would spread to family So ask yourself is this any better is history so black and white now? Just because one sees both sides doesn't mean they support the bad things that happen just as I don't support slavery I am simply saying there are more then 2 sides theirs your side my side and the right side
Let's not beat around the bush here before i add in a fact that will REALLY fuck with the "Confederacy was bad the union was good" argument.  Slavery is bad, it should not exist, that's that.   Now to teach people a few things.  The Confederate states where in a real bind because they might have WANTED to free the slaves, but, couldn't because the Union states wanted the Super cheep cotton from the confederate states and had no alternative to slave labor.  So the Confederacy pretty much chose war as they where going to go bankrupt anyway may do it on their terms.  Lincoln even said he would have kept slavery if it ment Keeping the union together.  the problem with the Civil war is that it's a HUGE economic reconstruction that left the confederate states almost bankrupt if it wasn't for the fact the union managed to figure out a way to stop that from happening after the war.    did the slavery need to end, absolutely, but, it's not super black and white.
Yeah, ending slavery ☺️ Also, allowing government to be centralized ☺️ And even the possibilities of a totalitarian dictator like president to stage J6 ☺️ Or even apathetic leaders to print trillions of dollars to "stimulate" the economy ☺️ Maybe have some nation wide recommendations for injecting yourself with some harmful things ☺️ nevermind that blob of gooey stuff you son just turned out to be ☺️ Yes, states rights to own a person ☺️ No no, a state has no right to govern the people, nor issue it's own currency. Never shall a state make or pass it's own laws, voted on by the people it represents. Naw, just folks in chains is all that matters. Good heavens, if they knew what's happening now, why, they'd melt the statue head of.. well.. Abraham Lincoln.   But where's his honor? Didn't they tarnish that too? Not just Lee's.
Women’s rights to do what?  Women’s rights to do what?  OK listen there’s more to women’s rights than abortion.😅
As someone who lives in a former confederate state (kinda, i live in Louisiana and they didnt exactly want to secede, and they ended up becoming mostly Union territory due to capture) i believe this 100%😎
I just think the flag looks cool
goobis be like answer my question you fu#&ing traitor state rites to do what
Didn’t Abraham Lincoln say that if he could win the war without freeing the slaves he would?
This isn’t my opinion but it’s fact I’m not supporting the CSA, I’m simply stating fact, CSA still bad. Confederate (CSA) soldiers were not mostly fighting for slavery, they fought for many things. A portion fought to protect their land and farms (farms that didn’t have slaves) since the union were on the offensive mostly, they naturally were burning farms and destroying CSA property and men wanted to protect their property. Another portion was for states rights, rights as in to where each state could vote on a law differently opposed to a central government to affect them all, these rights were largely not for slavery (I say largely, as a portion did do it for slavery, mainly the folk who had slaves fought for it) The USA wanted a centralized government with little states rights, and the CSA wanted more of a state centered government. Another portion were young proud boys fighting for glory and valor, like in nazi Germany(bear with me, the nazis were still bad), there was a small portion who were actual nazis (The SS) and the other amount consisted of many reasons, one reason is for glory and valor. The main reason of the USA invading the CSA was not for freeing slaves, Lincoln specifically said that the main reason is to preserve the union. He still absolutely hated slavery, and wanted to end it, but he also wanted to preserve the union, the compromise he thought of was that if he stops the supply of slaves, it will die out naturally. It was only until foreign interference was an issue. Europe (UK) had their main supply of cotton through the CSA but was missing it due to the union blockade. Even worse, when the union saw CSA diplomats on a British ship, the union had to officially make the war about ending slavery and in 1863 the emancipation proclamation made Europe turn a blind eye. The USA itself still had racism problems with black people unable to join the war until 2 years into the war prelude to the emancipation proclamation. (CSA still bad, I’m not supporting them) The reason I’m so interested in the civil war is that, I like colonial style warfare (muskets and line battles)
Be mad at the Jews for bringing them over if you're gonna be mad at slave owners
I’ve lasted longer than the confederacy (24.5 years) as well as I assume any person watching this video.
Actually the Union was fighting for states' rights and the Confederacy was fighting against them.
A WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS!!!
I have no idea what neo confederates have to gain by defending the CSA. Is it because they can’t bear the thought of their ancestors fighting a war for slavery? Cause if that’s the case they do know that it’s ok right? Like they have zero control over what their ancestors did so they shouldn’t feel ashamed of it. These racist a holes have been rotting in the ground for a hundred years. You’re not a racist for having racist ancestors, you’re a racist if you continue to repeat those grievous mistakes.
The fucking clone high Lincoln 😂😂
Doobus coming in saying "States rights to do what?" YES
Sad Taboritsky sounds
It's pretty funny that most people's pets outlasted the Confederacy
Hot take. Wasnt fully abt states rights or slavery. It was all about money. Logically this should be self-explanatory so if you dont get it you dont get it. Slavery was bad? Yes. Did the confederacy want to keep slavery? Yes. Was it all in all a bad idea in the first place? Yeah.
I don’t support the confederacy but many differences and nuances apply. States rights to nullify federal law is the answer, as the south believed that due to many reasons, (one slavery), the federal government shouldn’t be able to impose its will on the south. Shown especially by the Missouri compromise where the federal government ended in vying for a slavery line, called the Mason-Dixon Line. Then the issue of slavery that the north had was rarely a moral one. It was mainly an economic one, as the north had factories and was rapidly industrializing while the south’s climate allowed for labor intensive crops to be grown. Even more so Lincoln when elected was against slavery but didn’t want to do anything about it as he thought that it would die out given enough time since they would no longer be economically viable, to factory workers.
I have more time in Armored Core 6 than the amount of time the confederacy was around. If my descendants don’t have AC emblem tattoos and “Coral Abide with Rubicon” stickers on their cars then I hope they’re slaves
States rights to run each sovereign nation to run itself as it feels is necassary!I love people who make these one sided videos!
So then how come the North (Abe) didn't free any slaves till years after the war ended, then they rewrote history to not mention that bit. Abe abandoned "freed slaves" all over the US as he marched his armies around committing war crimes. Oh also Slavery was invented by Africans, practiced in Africa for over 10,000 years, yet you hypocrites only care about when the US did it and abolished it nearly 200 years ago. How come Africa hasn't abolished slavery, and parts of it still practice slavery today, yet not a damn word from you bleeding heart hypocrites....
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Ride away (ride away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
Pretty daring title considering crime rate in America.
I agree with the main point, but Abraham Lincoln wasn’t originally planning on abolishing slavery, more of a side note than anything, sorry I’m a history teacher
Letss gooo fuck the confederacy
Star wars has been around for 45 years the Confederacy lasted 5 Years I think the southerners are supporting the wrong rebellion
Slavery is only bad if you call it slavery.  The Dems LOVE when you call it illegal immigration.  You also arent allowed to point out most slaves have historically been white (to the point that the word is derived from "slav").  You also arent allowed to point out that most slaves actually got paid (hence the turn of phrase "slave wages").  Funny how the same political party that supported slavery still supports importing poor paid help, and dosent like you talking about those last two points, huh?
slavery was very a black and white issue
No Treason
🤣
If you think slavery was so bad why dont you condemn the slavery of Israel enslaving palestinians???
Israel will soon be Palestine's land.
“Get Douglas’d!”
The annoying orange lasted longer and yet STILL after over 150 years you have to fight the ghost of that flag.
Im not from usa but what i right the north sides were bad i dont knonw if they rlly want to end slavery or IT just was a Way to justificate a war to the confederates (ilógico en mi opinión es como tirarse un tiro en el pie) but i was looking and can Someone explain me why Thomas Jefferson owned in all his life 600 slaves?, why this slaves dont hey all the rights of a normal citizen un América?, idk For me as a person with no relations with the both parts i think they no matter unión or confederates was racist (mi opinión no jodan con que hay tu eres de latam tu tienes peores conflictos con drogas guerrillas corrupción etc)
When I was in elementary school, that’s exactly what was taught to us. “It wasn’t about slavery! It was about states rights! People will try to tell you it was about slavery but it wasn’t!”  I ended up asking our history teacher that same question. “States rights to do what?” His answer? Sending me to the principal and giving me a *week* of lunch detention. Best part? I wasn’t even being snarky or anything. I was genuinely asking bc I was like 10 and I wanted to know.   They really tried to push that hard into us.
No shit
The Confederacy at least wasnt planning a mass deportation of all Africans like Lincoln.
YEAAA AMERICA ON TOP 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
I mean, the North and South had different ideologies. The North outnumbered the South, and they thought, “After slavery (their entire economy), what will they take next.”   I mean, call me a racist, but it wasn’t just slavery. They just wanted to have a say in government.
What if you think slavery was stuipid but also hate the federal government?  No respect for the tenth amendment.
yes states rights to do slavery this was the goal and the stinky yankee poopoos ruined it 🗿
I can see but I am curious on how much of the senate was northern and southern ....Because For some reason I can see representatives have more northern people than southern people but like not all slave states went to the south...I pretty sure Tennessee, Virginia and Kentucky stayed "neutral" (the nice way of saying they were evil because slaves but they were also the good guys because they sided with the anti slave people) but also the south did have that right to leave the government they thought was "evil" (Like England Evil)
so brave
I would simply like to say it was a Republican controlled Congress that wanted slavery gone and with Lincoln in power it was essentially a Republican controlled government. But Lincoln himself did not advertise the abolition of slavery as part of his presidency. Rather, he would make said Proclamation during the civil war after the battle of Antietam to cause chaos in the south and increase recruiting efforts in the north by making the Civil War a war of morals rather than the Union reclaiming lost states.  I'm West Virginian supporting the Confederacy is one of the dumbest things you can do.
How long hasn't he known that the Confederacy was always bad?
WE'LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE!
It is worse than that... they also wanted to rid education. 😅
if you know history you know that confederacy was not bad.
“Get Douglass”
"Noooo! You can't just make fun of us by singing a parody of our national anthem!!!"  *Away down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators, right away, come away, right away, come away...*
tbh the confederacy was figting bc they had no automated industry. so they were going to lose a lot. so just like most wars. it came down to."I WILL HAVE NO MONEY. SO WAR IT IS"
Well, what can you expect of DEMOCRATS like Vice President Alexander in this video, they were and always be dumb. What a great man was Abraham Lincoln, a true REPUBLICAN... I'm not even from the USA, but that is the country that thinks Egyptians were black, I bet there are some dumb f*cks who don't even know these facts.
I don’t think people support it as it  was I don’t think anyone in the United States of America support slavery.
Rule of thumb: Whenever someone starts talking about "States' Rights", what they're actually talking about is the right of states to take rights away from individuals.
What are future generations will say about us: “You did what to kids?!”
FUN FACT! Im the lone surviving grandson of that so called Vice President :)
Did the government fight to keep and expand slavery? Hell yeah. Did the average Confederate man fight for slavery? I'm sure a few did, but most fought for fear of a liberal north forcing them out of their Agricultural lifestyle and replacing it with Industrialization, which they seen as the wrong path. So in my eyes the Government was wrong but the common man who fought for that reason was in the right to protect his own belief in his way of life. Still, slavery bad: :D
It goes much deeper than slavery. The Confederacy was a Spartanist Caesarist neofeudalist occultist Anglo-Saxon ethnostate with continental ambitions that included other (usually Moorish, Hellenic, Germanic or Persian but never directly Celtic, Black or Asian) ethnicities it regarded as worthy of a place near but not at the top in that they formed a part of the New World Order abroad. Same as the Nazis. Devilish flattering in racial stratification, in my mind, is how the fallacy of “separate but equal” was born. It’s a seductive idea that you’ll be rewarded for your loyalty with power and an Imperium of your own when you’ll have none.
Yeah but the flag looks kind of cool. States rights to have a cool flag
Yea yea. I mean when people can't name anything it's bad. Still bad regardless. States' right to slavery, but also there had been continuous tension about borders (and by extension where slaves can be owned) and tensions about the banking systems and currency and where they should be located. Tensions grew as more territory for the US was claimed and whether they should be slave states or not (actually there was even a longitudinal line for where it cut off at one point). Overall had been about slavery at large, but to the credit, trying to dismiss any other struggle ( banking systems and one more I think. Been a long time since APUSH) that had occurred during the time and just focusing on the slavery is probably not the best for how history is recorded or how people should understand the world and history holistically.
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy: Dragon Ball(1984-now) Annoying Orange(2009-now(?)) Pokemon GO(2016-now) The entirety of Gen Z(1999-2012) Gen Alpha(2013-2025) Do feel free to add more. Gen Alpha
The fact you got de4th thre4ts from people on twitter only proves your point at how they’re a traitor to our country and had to move down south because they were punted out of America
"ItS PaRt Of OuRhErAtIgE", yeah the heritage of taking a fat effing L
Unfathomably Based
"Get Douglas"
I’m pretty sure silksong has been announced and expected for longer than the confederacy existed at the moment I’m commenting this
States rights to run themselves? Exactly as almost all the founding fathers intended for the nation we are not supposed to be one big nation were called the United States plural because we are different states/governments united in our adherence the constitution and keeping of one military. This is just stupid. I’m not even a pro confederacy guy, but goddamn tired. This is just bad.
Both sides wanted slavery, the south was just honest about it
I cannot decide if I like the performances or the artstyle more.  Both?  Both.
"State's rights to do what" Is always the best argument to use against Lost Causers
The Development Of Duke Nukem Forever lasted longer 😭
You know, there was a different lost cause movement in the late 1800s and early 1900s, it had a very different tone than the modern one. Here, let me give you a comparison  Modern lost cause belief claims that the south either didn’t have slavery, or it was a minor presence only endorsed by rich people whom every southern citizen hated, essentially trying to paint the south with modern views to clean up its image.  The lost cause movement of the early 1910s was pretty much “Yea we owned slaves, we were very racist and still are. However, that’s not a bad thing.”
I love the use of Tennessee Ernie Ford version of Union Dixie at the end. Nice touch. Tennessee Ernie Ford Approve!
I lost it at the annoying orange part
love that song
I'm not American, but i love to see that "SUCK A DICK TRAITOR" energy 200 years after the actual civil war ended
People really need to understand they killed americans because rich people said so
Yep, them good old southern democrats sure pitched a fit when that one republican they did'nt like got elected.
Even the wait for the FNAF Movie lasted longer than the Confederacy!😂
List of shitty, misc. things that managed to outlive the Confederacy:  - _The Annoying Orange_ - The DCEU - _Teen Titans Go!_ - _The Nutshack_ - The Michael Bay _Transformers_ movies - Nazi Germany - The Soviet Union  The fact that the fucking Nazis and Communists have more validity in being prideful of their so-called "heritages" than the Confederates did should REALLY be an eye-opener for them.  (Not to mention cringey Zack Snyder fanboys, too XD)
I am from the North in New York but live in the South in Texas and well at least it’s a good city
Property rights.
The civil war couldn't have been about slavery since slavery didn't end with the Confederacy lol.  The Emancipation didn't even free a single slave, it specified that only southern slaves were to be freed and the northern ones were still enslaved. Lincoln is directly quoted saying he would have ended the war without touching the issue of slavery if he could. The Emancipation was merely propaganda meant to turn the war from secession issues to slave issues.
If you want an example of a war that was fought over Slavery. Look to the war that the movie The Woman King was based around. And here's a little fact about that movie, the side that won that war where the Slavers. Those women Warriors were actually in a elite fighting force in General Oba Ade Army.
This video displayed Bulling behavior. It doesn't matter which side thanks they have the moral higher ground bulling is wrong. Improve my point, just turn off the volume. For this video and watch it, it becomes a video of a green booger person bully a old man.
The North was actually the aggressor during the Civil War. And you're wrong that they were abolishing slavery. The North was actually becoming a very terrible government. The law that was implemented by the North that started the war. Basically said that new states could not make their own laws. They were also implementing laws that State it how farmers Could buy, sell and plant, they're good. I mean, farmers, not Plantation owners. The average farmer could not afford a slave. They were too expensive. On top of that, slavery never actually ended here in America. We just changed where we get then from and the name. Instead of being cold slave, they're called things like inmate convict and prisoner. The railroads that made Manithest Destiny possible were also built by (Chinese) slave labor. The North also did not have a problem with slavery at all. The North was turning a prophet off the practice. They were not fighting to end slavery. They were fighting to retake land that had succeeded from the Union. It's kind of dumb. I have to say this slavery is wrong and I condemn it in all of its farms.
Of course it's not like northern states invaded southern to conquer them with one of main excuses to free slaves, of course they cared of them very much, and then used the vae victis right to discredit southern states, of course it is not, let's make another annual reconstruction about it, glory to northern states!
Great video! it was hilarious and spot on! Orange part is amazing!
Fucking love it 🤣🤣🤣
Actually it was about unfair taxation but whatever you say.
If it were states rights on almost ANYTHING else, it would be decently possible to see their point. But trying to see how owning people is a good thing is fucking impossible for me
shout out to my 8th grade ss/history teacher who CONSTANTLY reminded us that slavery is GOOD to be abolished, as there was clearly some kids in there who thought otherwise...
Didn't Abe Lincoln suspend habeas corpus and jail journalists and political rivals? Couldn't be bothered to read history books or think more critically than, slavery bad therefor south bad.
Sovereignty.  The union is either a consensual union of states, each of which is soveriegn and cooperating in the union willingly, as was the intention of the constitution, or the federal government has dominion over each state with or without their consent.  It's like if the EU had invaded Britain and gotten 2% of Europe's population killed cause Britain left the EU.
"fighting for states rights" if your whole fake argument about what the civil war was about hinges on the implication the rights of a government are more important than the rights of people then congrats: in your attempt to make it seem more "benign" you actually showed how terrible of a human being you are.
no it wasnt.
I live in utah and im not even joking, ppl put confederet flags  outside there houses for all to see
Someones probably already mentioned it but at the end of the video if you turn on the subtitles you can see a little message.
Racist: the confederacy was fighting the union from being oppressed Everyone else: oppressed from doing what?!? Racist: there’s more to the confederacy than slavery! Everyone else: the only reason you felt oppressed is cause you couldn’t oppress.
At 0:40, Lincoln said the exact opposite actually. The confederacy ignored this, though.
E and another student in my high school recommended this video and my American History teacher played it while I was in the bathroom. I was jealous but he was wondering if you had any more history videos.
North had slaves to... And north kill a lot of native american people so. Both are bad and they still bad :/
The states rights to self govern themselves in a much larger way then they do now
I miss when the Confederates were space faring.
Now I do not support slavery, obviously, BUT, I can see, in a certain way, the point of view of the South back then. Like, "The Confederacy" sounds so much cooler than "United States of this place".
I just remind you that the Civil War began literally with the fact that the United States captured Fort KSA, since the KSA wanted to secede from the United States due to huge extortions towards the north (so when they talk about rights, they mean the right to secede from the United States, for example). And slavery in the USA was abolished after the start of the war (and they did this so that there were literally more people to be drafted). And Lincoln himself said that if the war could have been prevented by leaving slavery, he would have left it, and if necessary, he would have abolished it. In general, the video is nonsense and hysteria
😂😂😂the anoyimg orange lasted longer than the confederacy
This is funnier because the republic of Texas lasted longer 9 years as well as the kingdom of Hawaii which lasted longer 83 years
he wasnt wrong tho lol
You left out the part how it really wasn't about slavery, just the insane amount of money from their backs and the north didn't care what happened to them after the war.
Damn, shocking slavery is bad who knew.  real funny that people are trying to justify the Confederacy were not traitorous scumbags
You’re such a loser for playing that song at the end     And not the trap remix
The show Glee literally lasted longer than the confederacy
This is a beautiful, well-spoken video and thank you so much for actually citing your sources bless you (or if you're non-religious, have a really good day)
The reason they wanted slaves was because that was how the bulk majority of Industry in the South was worked. Yes, atrocious, but the sudden abolition of slavery rather than a slow shift would've caused Southern states to crumble and the entirety of the South's economy to tank. They tried to make deals with the North prior to Lincoln's Presidency in order to allow for slow regress so they could accommodate the massive shift in working dynamic, but the North wouldn't listen. Plus, the North raped and pillaged Southern Women and towns, burned and mascaraed Natives and anyone who stood against them.  All this said, the reason for the beginning of the war may have been slavery, but it evolved, and by the end of it, it was purely about keeping the evils of the North out of Southern states. There are plaques and letters I've read from Confederate soldiers talking about the truth of the war.  Winners write History, question everything.
Long live the union long live sherman
Whenever somebody tell me they are just celebrating southern heritage with the confederate flag I get very reasonably disgusted.
The only thing wrong here is that Abraham Lincoln had any intention of abolishing slavery lol. He was the writing on the wall of sorts, but he still needed congressional support to do anything of the sort with slavery and really didn’t press hard on it till a bit late in the war when something (likely radical republicans) convinced him it was a cause worth pressing alongside being just a damn good pushback on French and British involvement
the little dance at the end to union dixie was peak. anyways   AWAY DOWN SOUTH  IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS  RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS  RIGHT AWAY, RIGHT AWAY  COME AWAY, COME AWAY  RIGHT AWAY, RIGHT AWAY  COME AWAY, COME AWAY
The wait between the last two Tool albums was over 3 times as long as the Confederacy existed.
I really don't know how this is still a "debate" when the confederates were so incredibly clear about why they were seceding. Here's the most damning quote that I know of, from the "Cornerstone Speech:"  "Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite idea; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the [black man] is not equal to the white man; that slavery subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth." -Alexander Stephens, Vice President of the Confederacy  Always a nice one to have in your back pocket for when you're inevitably forced to talk to promoters of "southern heritage."  (Quote taken from the American Battlefield Trust, though I've removed the racial epithet used in the original text)
The confederate flag everyone uses isn't even their actual flag, its a war flag
the state of Texas was its own country longer than the whole confederacy
So THATS what that flag is  I see it at someone's house while walking home from the school bus and I thought it was something totally different 😭😭
State's rights to trade with europe without being fucked over by protectionist tarifs
People will look you dead in the eye and try to convince you that sometimes genocide is justified, so people defending the confederacy isn’t all that shocking anymore.
It’s ok, there’s states rights to do other things like the shooty shooty bang bang
The strange part is, during the war, while the confederate forces were being pushed back, the empire of Brazil (the last slaver nation in the americas, after the confederacy, abolition in 13 of may 1888) started to incetivise confederate immigration due to promised cheap lands, slaves and more and aproximatly 10,000 confederates migrated to it. Nowadays there is a town in the state of Sao Paulo in the city of Americana, they celebrate their heritage and show the confederate battle flag (aka the flag you put) on every "Confederado" festival while using confederate uniforms.
Based
I think it was a bad idea to even bring them into the country let alone keep them as slaves. Honestly should've never happened.
it wasn't even because the US elected a guy who *would* abolish slavery, but because they elected a guy who *maybe* would reduce slavery.
Thank you I have tried to make this point so many fucking people, I live in Tennessee and so everywhere I fucking go there’s a damn Dixie flag
Although he says that slavery was bad, no one talks about slavery going on right now in Africa, but no, nobody wants to talk about it. They just want to say how slavery 150 years ago was bad, and target a group of people who the majority DIDNT EVEN OWN SLAVES. And another thing, the states rights thing, it wasn't our rights to have slaves, it was about our rights to sell our crops at a decent price to foreign  countries, because the north had put a tarrif on our cotton and other cash crops. I am proud of my southern heritage and no matter what you can't take that away from me.
It's socially unacceptable that there are people still favoring slavery, like Lmao get a life republiklut
South will rise agin kido
From Freshman year to senior of high school was as long as the confederacy
Damn, he destroyed the guy's pride, lol. 😂
"Very few things were black and white"  The slaves:Is that so
Made by a person who appears to have never been in a history class, only propaganda classes
found out fortnite outlived the fucking confedarecy
Told google to play "a states rights to do what" and it brought me exactly where i wanted
As a New Zealander the fact some Americans still simp for the Confederacy is baffling. It's like if Germany had a vocal minority of wehraboos
I cant get out of my head, “The annoying orange lasted longer than the confederacy” 😂😂😂
They wanted the south to sell cotton and other products at a lower price than market and only to the north instead of selling it to other nations where they made a lot of money(granted slavery was still apart of it)
The CSA hasn't been around for 100 years or so. Guess you missed out.
1:15 Be a myth on them haters, Doobus... yes I know whatbI just said was cringwe
The first legal slave owner in US was black
states rights to regulate farming equipment
A true patriot 🎉🎉🎉
If the national government can't fix a problem (in this case slavery) then the states can decide what to do. In this case they seceded.
To do what ever the fuck i wanted plus free labor.
State right for soyboys like you to shut up and stop being unfunny
Texas was independent for longer than the confederacy. Additionally, that Confederate flag was never really the confederate flag so people claiming the history and heritage angle aren't even doing their research. Finally, the confederate flag as popularized has to be a symbol of racism because the people who fly that flag here in rural Michigan, and yes a lot people do, have one thing in common. It's not that they're from the south, they are from Michigan, it's that they all seem to have archaic and frankly racist views on anyone who isn't religious and white.
Why can't we just let people do what they want without making a big stink about? If people wanted to fly a racist flag then let em. Wasn't hurting anyone.  I'm African American and I had friends who flew that flag. It's just cloth. That doesn't mean I'm going to stop watching you. I love your content.
Alfonzo Rachel approves this message.
Bro the annoying orange is goated for that.
Four years ago, In my elementary, I can remember that I was in the fifth grade, & we had an election. Four ppl acted four electors, they were all luckily my friends. I played Douglas btw.
The entire series of Checkmate Lincolnites in a nutshell lol
bro is in baltimore making secession traitors roar
Never let them live it down boys 🇺🇸🦅
also slavery’s still legal, the 13th amendment
dixieland forever!!! anything north of the ohio river can go to hell!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
The thing is, the act of slavery of abolished with a FEDERAL amendment meaning that 3/4 of the STATES had to agree to it, so the states did exercise their right to amend the constitution and to end slavery. And also the fact that the North was oppressing the South is bull crap because states were added in pairs of one free state and one slave state so it was equal until the Civil War. So the whole idea of the Confederacy fighting against a tyrannical government is bullshit.
The succession was mostly about slavery as it was integral to the Sothern economy and most Southern states had spent the past 70 years rejecting industrialization. The war itself however, had very little to do with slavery for both the Union and Confederacy, concerning more of the unification of the country.
ok but like, the confederate dixieland absolutely slaps (it was actually abe’s favorite song)
Here's something a lot of people don't know: The Confederate constitution FORBID states from outlawing slavery in their state. So basically, states did not have the right to get rid of slavery. So no, it was not about state rights; it was about slavery
I can't like this enough
It’s obvious. It is the states rights to preserve its own institutions and legal conduct independent from a government that tries its damndest to confiscate which was hypocritical to the compromises that were made that kept the balance of power in the union;          *Regarding slavery*
Clearly, you haven't played Republic Commando.
They were fighting for slavery because it became a core part of they’re society but it’s still evil, and they weren’t willing to adapt to not having slaves overtime so we just took it away all at once, and nothing too bad happened to the economy, so I don’t see why we should bring it back
Jesus Christ it took more than twice as long for me to beat Minecraft than how long the Confederacy lasted
Funny part.. the Confederates honored the election results... Bwtter than the GOP now
OKAY, IF YOU'RE GONNA MENTION THE BAD THING ABOUT CONFEDERACY THEN WHY DON'T YOU MENTION THE BAD THING ABOUT THE LGBTQ???
As a history major I approve this message
1:23 for those that turned on captions   Lmao thats twitter for ya
No it wasn't, it was based, cope harder wokes 🤡
Techincaly the war started becuase the southern states weren't happy with the direction of the nation and the union argued the states could never leave no matter what.   So the real question is "what was the direction the union was going towards that pissed of the south so much??? HMMMM????????"
Sheriff sounds like bill Cosby
Only problem is the self instert, you make yourself look like a hail marry
Though I was born in the South I do agree that slavery is a fucking disgusting thing but I also think that the union itself was inherently just as fucking evil when it came to dealing with Native Americans  or really anybody who got in their way in those days and that really didn't stop well into the 1900s just ask the Navajo  the US government gathered up a lot of their livestock, horses, and pets put them in the trailers full of gas and set them on fire
'You fuckin' traitor'... I love it!!❤
I think the stronger point is that their economic system depended on slavery. The lords of serfs will spend all they have to retain control; and unfortunately most of America is Lumpenprole: unrevolutionary, capable of intense and brutal violence with no meaningful goal, disorganized, and paid agents for the lords.
I dont trust the southern states, even the new ones
Even if you dont being in the whole slavery thing they were still massive traitors to the country. And that's almost as bad
I will answer that states rights states rights to have slavery
I have that part of the Cornerstone Speech saved on my phone because of all the times I had to copy and paste it in arguments with old ladies who didn't like to be told that cross-stitching the flag was not cool. They REALLY don't like it when they say "It's part of history" and you ask them if they're going to stitch a swastika next.
I cannot tell is this supposed to be a joke or not cuz I'm from the south and we don't do that s*** like whoever told you that are idiots
i mean i dont care soo didnt research but pretty sure through guessing is slavery was holding their economy together, bad investment L bozos
As a southern man this video is great
That is a myth. Abe could make the country go to war and he did. He was firmly against slavery. African Americans were enlisted along side white men
theres a slave trade in lybya
You know Lincoln would’ve kept slavery a thing/made a compromise on it if the states didn’t secede right. I mean I know it’s immoral to own other humans but the north wasn’t complaining when they got all that cheap cotton. I also acknowledge that slavery was a main reason for secession I’m not saying that. It’s just the north wasn’t innocent in any way either. The Chicago race riots show they didn’t like the blacks that much.
The development of Yandere Simulator lasted longer than the confederacy.
me from Alabama
The only gray parts of the confederacy were their uniforms and the ash it became
All hail life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, and that God created all men to be equal.
"How dare you oppress our right to oppress others?"  I cannot take anyone seriously who cries oppression when they're literally owning slaves.  Seriously, I can't get over it. HOW???
The civil war was good because there's a possibility it wouldve taken longer for slaves to be declared free. Theres no guarantee Lincoln wouldve ended slavery during his presidency, but secession pretty much sped up the process.
Ok interesting point the souther sates at the start of the country agreed that slavery was bad but there was nothing they could do about it there economy was relent on cheep labor and there was no option.  then the south started feeling under moral attack from the union and they had to justify slavery so they could continue being rich  that is what i learned in school not trying to justify it but you need to understand what people believe even if it is difficult if you can tell people what they want to hear and make a comuity of hatred then they will die for what they believe
vrchat came out in february 2017, that's nearly 7 years ago, vrchat has nearly double the heritage than the confederacy... furries as a community started in 1983, that's 40 years now aka 10 times the confederate heritage... the confederates have but 10% of the heritage of the furry community and it's getting smaller every day...
This is a fun video, but I feel the need to point out that union states didn't care about slaves either. They were mainly concerned with the confederates wanting control of federal law, as in being able to move slaves outside of the states and expanding slave systems to other western territories, and then confederates breaking apart the nation through threat of secession when it was still so young was the last straw.   The union was largely cool with slavery, they just wanted to keep the benefits to themselves. The truth is that white supremacy which "justified" slavery was accepted _throughout_ the nation, and it's why there are still racist "idiots" (I don't like attributing their blatant malice to a lack of brain function when they choose to be that way every day) today. "Slavery is bad" should be a universally accepted statement, but if this is where we draw the line, we blind ourselves to the more subtle systems that have survived in our nation and still hurt black communities to this day.
.-.:._.:.-:.-::._.:
What's the name of the song at the end?
Yeah, states dont need rights. When Trump gets elected president he should have all the power he wants as the federal government to order states to do whatever he wants them to.
I do agree majority of the Confederate states did actually separate to protect the institution of slavery. There were border states like Kentucky that didn’t side with the Confederacy until an army of 75,000 men were formed to quell the rebelling states, however. So most did side for slavery, while others did it to oppose the North’s perceived “aggression”.
A list of things that lasted longer than the Confederacy:  -The gap between Splatoon 2 and Splatoon 3 (5 years) - The wait for the Don't Hug Me I'm Scared TV Series (6 years) - Liveleak (15 years)  - Porn on Tumblr (11 years)  -  Red Dead Redemption 2 development period (8 years)  - The original run for Action Park (18 years) - Grey's Anatomy ( 18 years, ongoing) - My dad's dog, Koda (9 years, ongoing)
TTTRRRRAAAAIIIIIITTTTTOOOORRRRR!!!!!!
The Confederacy tried to straight-up ban states from being able to ever abolish slavery, or even for slave owners to grant freedom to their slaves. They were "States' Rights to preserve slavery" AND "Anti-States' Rights to curb it."
I mainly got a flag because I hate many things. But watching a bunch of people wake me up in the middle of the night because of the flag is far more enjoyable. I hate the Confederatecy but love angry people.
Basef
EACH DIXIE BOY MUST UNDERSTAND THAT HE MUST MIND HIS UNCLE SAM
Can't wait for our country to become a dictatorship
States' rights is a political philosophy that emphasizes the rights of individual states to fight what proponents believe to be the encroaching power of the United States government.
I LOVE THE UNION RAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Try looking up the myth of the lost cause- basically right away after the confederacy lost the war people that supported it started whitewashing the reasons behind the whole thing and funding efforts to put up statues honoring the people behind it. This isn't a recent thing it started as soon as people realized "oh crap we aren't going to win this, lets rewrite history as best we can to avoid looking like monsters for starting a war so we could continue to OWN PEOPLE"
One of Mississippi listed reasons when trying to leave was that the fields of Mississippi were too hot for a white man to work on it doesn't get much worse of reasons than that
Sounds like the guy who made this video was racist
What's crazy about the confederates there was a native American who own slaves and a African American as well. Thought that shit was crazy.
My school always jumped around the topic. When I was in elementary it was about Abolishing slavery but then suddenly in middle school the school texts books suddenly changed to states rights, luckily I had a teacher that corrected the school text book and told us the war was about the state's rights to own slaves and not really much else
The annoying orange lasted longer than the confederacy 💀
I didn’t like a lot of the union generals
A lot of the people in the south didn’t like slavery ether and a lot of people treated there slaves very well also sense slaves new nothing but slavery if they were all set free they’d have a hard time in fact some slave owners would have schools for there slaves
Skyrim has been released more total times than the years the confederacy lived
On one hand a lot of history *is* a lot more complex than is often described-basically shades of grey.  On the other hand sometimes history serves up a softball where it's very easy to tell the bad guy, and some shitheads still miss it.  For example, the east india trading company=bad Nazis=very bad And those traitorous losers who wanted to own people=also bad.  It's not fuckin tricky.
Fun fact: There's currently a large religion that believes it's morally justified to make slaves of enemies defeated in combat.
"We're the party of Lincoln!" Except modern Republicans are NOT the same as the Republicans of the 1800s. Back then it was democrats who were conservative and republicans who were liberal. The stances of both parties switched around the mid 1900s, and I guarantee you a president like Lincoln would not be supported by modern day conservatives.
"Get Douglass'd"
Based Yankee vs cringe Dixie
Tbf when your entire economy revolves around slavery to function you kind of need those slaves not that slavery isn't an absolute evil  but by abolishing slavery overnight  was a terrible solution that lead to millions of deaths from starvation and disease the union didn't care about the slaves or the south the war was about greed like all wars before and after.
Nuh uh
Well yes that is true but it is still part of our southern heritage
We live in a world where this video is considered controversial  ….  I’m gonna go drink bleach now buh-bye
Why are we using the Annoying Orange  The Fred Channel was active longer than the Confederacy
For the record, the CSA had a *Federal* mandate that allowed slavery, no ifs ands or buts.
Sending this to the only guy I know with 4 confederate flags  Will reply with his response
RAAAGGGHHHH YEAH LETS GO UNION BOYS!!!!!!
Remember kids  The north attacked the south to collect taxes not for slavery  The north was Republican And the south was democratic
It was originally about taxes to begin with. Slavery was put ontop of the pile a few years into all that
no duh the union was good
WHAT THE FUCK IS A KILOMETER 🦅🦅🦅🫡🫡🫡🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The confederacy was clearly the good guys. I am ashamed my family fought for the federal
I love when people who never cover history topics act like they understand what history is. Cause does he cover slavery in other parts of the world to better the knowledge of his viewers no, does he explain that even tho America ended slavery many countries in the world continue the practice for many many years? No he just say the south sucks that’s it. I get the feeling if your a white southern and you see this it’s made to make you think you automatically racist and if your a black southern you should feel oppressed automatically just cause this some gun is trying to show everyone that how he thinks is right
I’m just surprised that he brings up the confederate states, which are evil and deserve this, but fails to mention Muslim and Chinese slavery. Which the Ottoman Empire had slavery well after the American civil war but like most on YouTube they couldn’t care about history
[WASHINGTON] The issue on the table: a petition from a Quaker delegation in Philadelphia calling on Congress to end the African slave trade and abolish slavery, in all its forms. This petition was written and signed by Benjamin Franklin; it cannot go ignored. If this comes to a vote in Congress, what is the White House's position? Secretary Jefferson, you first. Tread lightly.​  [JEFFERSON] Sir, the constitution clearly states That the states have to wait until eighteen-oh-eight to debate On whether to end the slave trade.​ And whether or not you want it, guys That is the final compromise we made.​  [HAMILTON] Sir, wait—     [JEFFERSON] But for a second, let us say That we can legislate unanimous emancipation Freedom reigns, and yes, it's great.​ We cannot cure prejudice or righteous, desperate hate So back to Africa or do they get a separate state? In 1784, I tried to float banning slavery in the West.​ My notion didn't get a single vote.​ Slavery's a sin. It's growing like a cancer But we can't address a question if we do not have an answer  [HAMILTON] Is it my turn? Good.​ Plantation states are packed with promise makers Do you realize the precious time these legislators wasted? Institutionalizing slavery only multiplies our troubles Wait till the 1800s, and their population doubles You all know this is a stain on our souls and democracy A land of the free? No, it's not. It's hypocrisy To subjugate, dehumanize a race, call 'em property And say that we are powerless to stop it? Can you not foresee? Sir, even you, you have hundreds of slaves Whose descendants will curse our names When we're safe in our graves How will the South find labor for its businesses? How will Thomas Jefferson find his next mistresses?  [JEFFERSON] How dare you?  [HAMILTON] Yet still, people follow like lemmings All your hemming and hawing While you're hee-hawing with Sally Hemings  [WASHINGTON] That's enough!  [HAMILTON] Well, you asked how I feel! I don't pretend to know the answer, but the question is real  [MADISON] If I may, Mr. President?  [WASHINGTON] Madison?  [MADISON] Let's take this moment to establish a precedent First of all, sir, we won't involve you in this Imagine this debate with all of Congress: it's ruinous I'll reassure the South, 1808 is still the year that was agreed upon That buys us time and assuages fear I'll tell the North that on January 1st of that year We'll ban importation, handling the worst Once I get all this agreed upon, I'll pick up a pen And introduce a motion never to discuss this again  [HAMILTON] Mr. President!  [WASHINGTON] Hamilton, if we support emancipation Every single slave owner will demand compensation  [MADISON] And as for slandering Jefferson with talk of mistresses Do you really wanna—  [MADISON/JEFFERSON] Do you really wanna have that conversation?  [HAMILTON] No.  [WASHINGTON] Madison, execute your plan to the letter Let's hope the next generation thinks of something better
okay, but counter-arguement, I think the confederate flag looks cool
Anyone else find it funny that the US didn't have anyone else to fight at the time so it kicked it's own ass and still ended up as a global superpower? Everything that built this country up is so perfectly placed for us to survive even a thread away from total destruction.  (Like that time WW3 almost started during the Cold War but everything resolved exactly last second)
The Confederacy lasted for less time than it took me to learn how to do basic multiplication.
I mean it is a states rights issue. The state's rights to own slaves.
One of the greatest videos ever made.
Even if this video would be incomprehensible to anyone from that time period, I like to imagine the writer of Union Dixie would be proud to see his music here.
I saw multiple people with the confederate flag. Note: I live in Texas. That kind of Texas that has the thick accent.
Oh sure, the confederacy only lasted 5 years, but the age of lynching and open racism lasted decades. Southerners have a hard time with saying our ancestors weren't good people. But truth is for nearly 100 years after the war, the south existed in a place of racial superiority where whites were very clearly on top, and THAT is the heritage some assholes dont wanna admit to
Damb he used the annoying orange to roast someone
owns a computer and clothes made by child slaves to write the script XD
It’s way more complicated then just slavery.
I hate slavery
The correct take
the time between half life and half life 2 was longer than the csa’s existance
Teen Titans Go has outlived the Confederacy
It’s not even a Confederate Flag it was rejected by the Confederate Congress in 1861.
Union Dixie has to be my favorite Civil War tune! A true classic.
Twitter being twitter. Just ignore them, you are the best
I literally was talking about this last night before I went to bed and specifically said “states rights to do what?”  I didn’t google anything at all even within the American history context, and this video pops up next morning on my feed. Hmmmm
His story
I love how doofus portrays himself as this super rational gigachad when in reality he's the most insecure person known to man, he couldn't argue against the accusations of transphobia thrown at him without having a panic attack and he even got peer pressured into donating 100 (Or was it 1000?, LMAO) to a train(and you know what I mean when I say that word) charity by some dudes on discord. Clearly, some  very profound  mental dissonance at work here.
Fun Fact: Nazi Germany lasted longer than the Confederacy, but ya don't see anyone in Germany waving that flag stating "mAh HeRiTaGe!"  They do that here in the US.
Slaves rights to screw what? More so who, who being confederate wives.
I'm not usually super patriotic, but this?  This is something I can get behind.
I like how the confederates in the comments just can’t answer the question. Even when they do they just say “states rights to secede” and which the obvious response is “secede to do what?”
Lmao "states rights to do what?"
“Very few things in history are black and white” -A very ironic statement about the Civil War E: yo, I see you down in the comments Calm down, do that somewhere else  Everyone agrees slavery is bad no need to argue about it
States rights to govern themselves without federal interference.
That whole part about it lasting only 4 Years is true, But when comparing it to the 1st Mexican empire, which lasted 2 Years, You really were maybe a little to harsh on the Confederacy Because you haven't done a Video like this on the 3rd Reich, Or maybe that's because I'm European
Lincoln was also racist like very but abolished slavery for mostly money
This vid is funny but it's also fake news.
As it turns out, the civil war WAS about states rights, and it's a damned shame the fed has GOTTEN SO DAMN BIG over time too.
My great great grampa served in the confederacy 💀💀💀
Abe Lincoln supported slavery too. Whoops
I vote Doobus for president
Taken the fact that america nowadays is being run by a bunch of racist idiots! I'm pretty sure the confederacy is better than that lol
The gray man is wright, the american civil war wasn't because of slavery, the south didn't want to pay taxes for their cotton exports, being forced to liberate the slaves was just just the final insult from the south's perspective.
He brought up the annoying orange!
While hes right. I do belive in states rights.
Slavery was a major factor, but you act like restricting whom the private individuals of the states could sell cotton to, whom they could buy supplies from, and the push to double tax duties, thus directly destroying the economy of plantation states, wasn't a major factor. This doesn't mean slavery wasn't an issue, like your strawman, but it does mean it was about state's rights beyond just slavery
My depression has lasted longer than the Confederacy yet no one is saying my depression is a heritage.
Confederates saying that the confederacy was their heritage is stupid because those states were in the union before they were even in the confederacy
Confederate: the CSA fought for States rights  Regular person: the right to do what?  Confederate: the right to secede. Regular person: yeah… no but ok and why did they want the right to secede?  Confederate: uuuh  Regular person: slavery that’s why
I know im late you know the fucked part doobus i moved from Connecticut to south Carolina for a few years of my childhood then recently moved back wjen i was 14 looking back on it now i was mostly bullied cause i was from the "north" and because Connecticut taught us the true reason for the civil war and i unknowingly tried to dispute it in my 6th grade class only to be shot down and told a bunch of mumbojumbo.....also my teacher was a ghost hunter in his spare time so that kinda tells you the people who were my "teachers" school did nothing about the bullying so i luckily lived good after moving back but looking back yeah kinda fucked up
1:02 Alright but to be fair, the Annoying Orange is probably gonna last forever. That'd be like saying "oh, you support America? How are you gonna support something that lasted shorter than Darksydephil?", because the Annoying Orange will outlive all of us as sad as it is to say it.
To those who believe the American civil war wasn't about slavery: Article 1 section 9 clauses 1 2 & 4 The importation of the blacks of the African race from any foreign country other than the slave holding states and territories of the United States of America, is Hereby forbidden. Congress shall also have the power to prohibit the introduction of slaves from any state not a member of, or territory not belonging to, the CSA. No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law denying or impairing the right of property in black slaves shall be passed.  Quotes from Alexander Stephens VP of The CSA Slavery was without a doubt the occasion of secession.   As a r@ce, the African is !nfer!0r to the white man. Sub0rd!n@t!0n to the white man is his normal condition.   Our government corner-stone rests, upon the great truth that the black is n0t equal to the white man.   State secession documents  Mississippi Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of sl@very. A blow to sl@very is a blow to commerce and civilization.  South Carolina The northern states have united to elect a man to the office of president who is hostile to slavery.
The real reason people were annoyed by this wasn’t because they’re saying the confederacy was good. It’s that goobus made this solely for internet morality points. Everyone knows the confederacy was stupid, no shit. Saying it again is redundant and annoying. Especially when it’s you animating yourself “epically destroying” a strawman confederate apologist. It’s like saying “genocide is bad” or “I am not racist” and expecting people to be impressed or interested. Everyone agrees, everyone knows that, you’re not doing anything new or funny.
The confederacy wanted it so a law wouldn't transfer from one state to another... Anyway, I'm off to go legally smoke weed in California, something that's very illegal in Indiana.
EACH DIXIE BOY MUST UNDERSTAND THAT HE MUST MIND HIS UNCLE SAM! AWAY, AWAY, WE’LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE!
Still waiting on you people to prove slavery was evil
I don't like the confederacy, but they did make a legacy for the 69th NY division "The Irish Brigade"...
I hope this gets used as part of the intro for the next Checkmate Lincolnites. Have Billy Yank enjoying it while Johnny Reb seethes in the background.
I mean its ok to wave a flag to support heritage even if it was history as whilst it was short lived so is the history of the south as a whole (compared to the rest of the world) and that event distinguishes them form thenorth more so than any other and defined the later ahlf of the 19th century. Plus its original meaning has evolved to mean a different thing to what it was originally (like it wasnt even the coffederate flag it was their battle flag what every ome now calls the confederate flag). Plus more importantly duke of hazards
as I have come back to this video after 2 months to comment again, I think it's kinda dumb how many americans take pride in the whole nazi title. Not just the PC Police angry online twitter insult nazi but actually waving the nazi flag and jew hating and all that. I mean while it was still a racist America, what happened to the proudfully hating nazi america???
Wait are there actually people defending the confederacy in the comments?
i agree
To be honest, the part of the confederacy that nobody talks about is the technological advances that they threw together in their desperation to keep being slave owners and traitors to the US. I mean shit, they managed one of the first actual combat uses of a fucking submarine. Yes, it was a glorified underwater bomb on a stick and only one of almost 8 attempts actually did anything that wasnt just kill the entire crew but still. Also the one attack that worked...also killed the entire crew. Shit was fascinating to me at least, but apparently thats controversal even though I know damn well the south was downright evil, shit it still kinda is.  As a mildly wise dude once said:  "Every human has a little bit of evil in their hearts from the very first breath they take. Just some people feed that evil more than others. Worse, some people give it a full buffet."
Man i love the real country where kids wear bulletproof armour to school
Get Douglased. You earned a sub for this one.
Omfg i just realized that my unrecognized country has been around longer than the fucking Confederacy, get shit on traitors.
The bell curve of the day On one side of the bell curve (no I'm not reviving a 150 year dead political debate in order to assign with one is stupid and which is smart): I'd like to abolish slavery because it's bad, but I have economic concerns about doing it right now and so suddenly On the other side of the bell curve: abolish slavery now, slavery is bad, no more waiting Midwit Confederates: sLaVeRy GuDd, SlAvErY r WuT n****Rs WeRe MeAnT 2 bEe
States rights to not be taxed
Fun fact, and actually a fact this time: John Wilks boothe was a conferderate sympathiser.  The guy who assassinated the guy who abolished slavery was a confederate sympathiser.
true the states rights did what... yeah also during the confederacy they admitted it was only for slaves
To secede from the Union for one...
Merica
Whenever a southerner gets uppity with me and claims confederate heritage, I like to tell them that I'm an ancestor of William Tecumseh Sherman and that my heritage is burning his fucking house down.
Ok take a step back and think of the propaganda and how just accepted it was. Compare that to now trump is bad because we have said so for 5 years. Cops are bad because we say so. White people are oppresors because we say so. Black people are oppressed before we say so. In the future people will be laughing at us believing these "facts" but propaganda is strong.
I guess we’re gonna ignore Missouri, Kentucky, Delaware, and Maryland, all Union states during the civil war, that had slavery until the Emancipation Proclomation.
Hi
The Confederacy did want the right to keep blacks as slaves, but we also did want to be free from the North. Culturally speaking, we are very little alike, and should be two separate countries. It would benefit us BOTH to be apart, and not together.  Slaves would eventually be freed, as most people in the South are actually less racist than those in the Midwest and Northern Midwest (I'm looking at you Minnesota and Wisconsin, we know how racist you are). If we're traitors to our "brothers" in the north, who we don't feel kinship towards, then how are we not brothers to the blacks here who we feel closer to as kinsmen? Because we want to protect our national identity that is different than the north. That's all there is to it these days.  The Confederacy back then was clearly bad, the idea of the Confederacy today is a shining beacon of freedom. Clearly, if you can argue with that, then your argument of freedom for slaves is circular and doesn't make sense. Freedom is freedom. Period.
It seems like the confederacy is mostly hated in the us, but  thomas jefferson is still viewed mostly positively despite that he would’ve probably supported the confederacy. Why is that? Just curious..i’m sort of researching him..
The reason why it's considered controversial is because the parents of these people and their parent parents were brain wash into believing this hogwash that is was about state rights
I adore this!!!!!
As someone from the south, I never understood why so many people loved the confederacy. Also, a quick fun fact about the south. While slavery was a huge part of the south, because they over relied on slaves to work on plantations, slavery was allowed by the government where it had already existed. The main problem was that southerners had poor farming techniques, they would not rotate crops and let their soil regain nutrients, they would keep growing crops in the same spot until they couldn't anymore, so the southerners headed out west and just took land from the natives. Obviously they wanted to take their slaves with them, but since slavery didn't exist there the government said no. So it wasn't just owning slaves, it was owning slaves where you weren't supposed to. And fucking up the soil. Those were the causes of the civil war.
Fun Fact: It was Russia who saved The Union during the American Civil War as they sent their Navy to San Francisco and New York when England and France were just about to enter the war on the side of the Confederates since London created the Confederates. France was already in Mexico making a spear head movement to resupply the Confederates and to open up a Pacific Theatre and to create a port in California. England already amassed 11,000 troops and growing stationed at their Northern Confederacies border now called Canada ready to open a Northern Theatre to divert Union troops away from their Southern Confederacy then to attack The Unions naval blockade. The Union would have been completely destroyed and annexed by those two great powers leaving the Confederates to exist as a puppet state of London.   London was already courting (threatening/bribing) other countries to get involved like Spain while Russia was in talks with Prussia to ally with incase London was to intervene.  Seeing all of this Tsar Alexander II wrote a letter to Queen Victoria saying “If you enter in this war it will be a casus belli for all out war with the Russian Empire”. The stage was set for the 1st World War and Russia stopped it.   There is also a memorial in San Francisco for the hundreds of Russian sailors who came off their Asiatic fleet ships that died while helping the city put out a fire that threatened to lay waste to it during the War.
Not abolish slavery, Abraham wanted to  preserve it, but had to so that the slaves could not only join the war but would give his men motivation. The Civil War was a huge misunderstanding  about a battle made on a misunderstanding.
Ngl I feel like the confederate states could have been better if we weren’t so focused on slavery and more on our actual southern culture besides slavery yk?
its genuinely very interesting that annoying orange outlived the confederacy
Dude. The confederacy was shit like wtf damn thing was probably among our shortest wars.
Rich men in Richmond convinced poor people to fight for slavery, so the rich men in Richmond could get richer.  I wish someone would make a song about that!
The civil was not started because of slavery,but fact about the first slaves. The were Africas criminals that were sold as slaves. They believed it was better to make money from the criminals than to support them. Next,after the civil war some slaves stayed where they were and took on their employers names and continued to work for them. The ex slaves who fled to the north for work lived in worst conditions than before and died of starvation.
The ironic part is that Lincoln wasn't planning to outlaw slavery, he just wanted to stop the spread of slavery as every attempt at compromising on the issue of slavery resulted in the south demanding a new compromise when the previous one didn't ensure that they controlled at least half the senate (Missouri compromise to Kansas-Nebraska act/bleeding Kansas, to Ostend Manifesto). If anything the North should have been worried about the south as the Dredd Scott case made slavery de facto legal throughout the entire country as a man could bring a slave into a free state and the slave remained a slave meaning an Alabaman could decide to move to Vermont and have slaves who worked for him in Vermont and worked his land in Vermont. Essentially the South by reacting to losing an election with rebellion ensured the fate that they had hoped to avoid.
Why is slavery wrong? Don't make a statement show me!
Well now I gotta use that annoying orange comparison.
I just think they have a cool flag, that’s where it ends.
Don't think many people understand the "state's rights" argument. States are meant to act as their own thing, and, for the most part, not be influenced by other states unless what they're doing is deemed unconstitutional. The argument about state's rights is that they were fighting against the union trying to force things on them that they didn't want, and how that could (and has) set the expectation that states can force other states to run things how they want.  Also heritage can include things that didn't last long as long as it's what they fought for. By his logic, Nazi Germany was weak because of the annoying orange outliving it, when it took 3 of the most powerful countries to stop it. Length of existence does not = power.
they aren't equal
Let’s make the union dixie in yt comments   AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS
Yankees have proven to be just as bad. We wouldn't have a war on drugs if it wasn't for you.
Goobus gave an idea for a new insult.
I absolutely love this animation, I’ve never once agreed with a video so much in my entire life. Hate the confeds, supporting their “tradition” and “state rights” of slavery just really boils my blood.
1:15 what is the name of the song?
Why does Lincoln in this video look like Abe from Clone High?
When your "rights" means taking away another person's freedom, that is evil.
Slavery bad
If anything, learning about the other issues besides slavery that the Confederacy had shows the leaders were not only evil, but stupid. Robert E. Lee was a gigachad though.
0:07 1:14
"Slavery is evil" - 🗿
I just see the confederate flag as a part of the south
Perfect
I love how they make a racket about how "It's about preserving their way of life" when south and north are basically similar except for pro slavery.
We got the abolishment of the confederacy faster than we got gta 6 💀
Anything was funny put “colt dragoon” or “Barack Obama was one of your favorite anime characters” and they’ll burst
“Can you answer my question you *fucking traitor* states rights to do what?” JESUS GOOB 💀
i still can't believe the annoying orange lasted longer than the confederacy 💀
FACTSSSSSS 🦅🦅🦅
Homestar Runner lasted longer than Slavery. So how about we take down Confederate Monuments and replace them statues of Strong Bad?
Owning slaves is evil,  having a southern identity and being proud of it is not. The end.
This is something I never knew about one of the first people to own a slave in the America was actually a black man and he went to court to keep his slave.when I learned this I lost my shit
The wait for Elder Scrolls 6 has lasted longer than the Confederacy
As someone who used to be a fan of Annoying Orange, Annoying Orange lived long enough to become crap. 💀😭
Yes, slavery bad, but you cant deny the "confederate" flag design is fire.
The wait for silk song has been longer then confederatecys lifespan
Only hottakes on this channel
0:10 What?
Own property.  Duh.
My favorite take: "Star Trek has been a part of our culture ten times longer than the confederacy. We should be building statutes of Spock."
0:40 Abe kinda looks like himself from Clone High, pretty neat
I know I'm picking stuff apart, but they didn't fight to uphold *Slavery itself*, they fought to enjoy the economic boons given by having a bunch of people that they didn't have to pay. How do I know this, well they pretty much stopped fighting once they got promised a heafty sum of money in exchange of giving up slaves.  And before some white knight on shining armor brings a soap box and schools me about how it's still morally wrong... Buddy, I never said it isn't. My point still stands. I just know that some people are gonna be more concerned by how they feel about what I'm saying than by what I'm saying.
I wish, that at the very end, the grey guy just yelled "STATES RIGHT TO OWN NI-" and then it cuts off.
Damned Dixie’s racist traitors  Imma patriot all the way
Thank you for this video.
Technically the south started strong(not siding with them)they had the best generals but they had a smaller population and that’s what led to them losing(again,not siding with the south)
That Confederate stan kind of looks like a Goomba.
It took longer to develop Duke Nukem Forever than beating the Confederacy.
1:14  whats the name of the flag with the poop on it??
so uh, who were the confederates fighting against, and uh, by implication, who are the confederate political descendants today?  for those who aren't clued in, they were democrats.  projection is an ugly thing.  also, states rights to do whatever they damned well please as long as it's not a right reserved by the feds, read a book you dinguses, it's a part of the US legal structure, not just something confederates say. not that it's any of your business because, amazingly, people have the right to not say what they use their rights for. you don't have a right to know :D  failing to specify, what one uses their rights for, being equated with "ya'll just want slavery, admit it" is disingenuous at best, if not an outright thinly veiled form of attack or personal invective, it's also against the 5th amendment so it wouldn't fly in a court. which implies that kind of reasoning is irrational as well...  like this is the most brainrot gen y thing I've ever seen, extraordinarily bad take. part of growing up is accepting that just about everything horrible you dont like and can imagine, exists, distance yourself from those things, and no, I dont mean slavery, I mean the infinite diversity of opinions and viewpoints, the things people do in private, all of that, just accept it and move on. you don't get a say in that. that's the point. rights protect unpopular things, because popular things, don't need rights to protect them.
Time to rewatch this and then play Union Dixie on repeat the rest of the day.
GET DOUGLASS'D
Meanwhile the union banned slavery ONLY in the confederacy but they kept it for themselves. Even worse was peonage that lasted far far longer
Get him, Douglas!
Except no. The confederacy were fighting for more than just the right to continue slavery. Making up an argument and making the side you don't like a bumbling idiot doesn't make you look smart. You're deliberately missing the point. It was about government over-reach, taxes, free trade (of things like leather and food), Land rights and more. Not just about slavery. Obviously the confederacy was bad for wanting to keep slavery, fuck 'em. But they weren't completely in the wrong for fighting.
Abe from clone high 0:41
my dog is 6 years older
"States right to secede"
Man, where was this logic in at 1861? Like the south would have been "smarter"  Right.... -STATE'S RIGHTS-  *Slavery*  Hell, their uniforms were gray... who made picked the materials by who/what... Slaves and Slavery from ENSLAVED Black people.   🗿
Alright, but slavery issues aside, separatism in general is based.
Oh way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators...
I mean seriously though. S T A T E S R I G H T S T O D O W H A T?
Damn i bet yall wont mention Devil's Punchbowl or General Grant's order 11.
these subtitles are gold lol
Bro as someone from South Carolina (you know, the state that started that shit show) I fucking hate hearing other people try to skirt around the real reason. Even here we didn't beat around the bush in school. Our teachers told us straight up what it was about. If you take a Fort Sumter tour they'll tell you that it was about slavery.
Actually, owning living, sentient human beings is based and redpilled, and kinda kinky 😳
What % of slave owners were Jewish?
I'm European:)
I fell for this Tom Foolery until I read the articles of succession… of each state!  Yowsers!!
I will say, there's maybe some room for acknowledging that they were evil people, with evil intentions, who had enough of half a point that even Lincoln admitted the way he handled things was not the way it should've been done. That said, the thing that SHOULD have been done wasn't specifically BECAUSE of the states in question, and I'm grateful that Abe trampled his ideals and did what was right anyway.   Still, maybe we should reevaluate State vs Federal power before someone less altruistic comes into office and blows right past the checks and balances State power is supposed to represent. I'm sure none of us can think of a Donald Trump that would do that given the chance...
so glad you made this
Only about 2% of the people in the south had the majority of the slaves in the U.S. The north burned down countless farms in the south in the civil war and the people in the south were mostly just farmers who were more loyal to their state than to the federal government, and they fought to protect their home states. Furthermore cotton was the south's biggest export. They needed slavery to keep their economy afloat, they were obviously not going to give it up so easily. It's not so black and white. "Oh b-but slavery is morally baddddd." And? Most people through history oppressed other people, that doesn't mean that they were bad, it was just their culture. Even African kingdoms had slaves. For that time, slavery was becoming more taboo, however that doesn't mean that it was something uncommon.
When your "country" lasted as long as the average captive rat, it was a failure and so are all who idolize it
The entire Jurassic park franchise lasted longer than the confederacy
Wait um slavery is bad!? thank you Doobus goobus just burnt my confederate flag, because you where so brave to make fun of the group of people most people think are bad
For starters the states rights to make laws. That’s why we have state and federal laws and not just federal ones.
Look up Lee Atwater's speech on the Southern Strategy. He literally says "state's rights is a dogwhistle"
I love the South. The yankees were just jealous and couldnt let people enjoy things.
Additionally if you want to play their ball game, tell them that states’ rights was sorta like auto-asphyxiation, although it wasn’t erotic in the slightest. People were so high on their “buh muh raights!” poison, the government of the Confederacy couldn’t do jack all in terms governance and supplying the war effort. Clean rebel uniforms in one state weren’t supplied to another’s troops because they weren’t from the state with clean uniforms. Let that be a reminder that the Confederacy was a loosely affiliated group of individual territories that likely would have continued their breakdown until the individual streets of Atlanta or New Orleans or Houston would be fighting each other over “homeowners’ rights.”
to own property :)
I love clowning on the alt right so much
I live in Missouri and I have seen houses waving the Confederacy flag outside the front porch. I still wonder why people are even waving that flag since the Civil War ended a long time ago.
one thing the confederates dont have is an absolute baller diss track about theyre anthem
I’m from Va too. Wish I had this video when I was a kid
this is such an uncontroversial statement but i know some one is gonna get offended because internet
States rights to own slaves, to govern commerce internally, and to have state sovereignty over and above federal government.   Owning slaves is not inherently evil, abusing them absolutely is.   Also Tennessee Ernie Ford was a Southern Sympathizer
Well I think I found a new song to play through my mic on war of rights when I’m fighting for the union 😂😂😂😂
Slavery isn’t inherently evil, if it was then you’d literally have to say damn near everyone in human history was just inherently evil
I like seeing northerners get pissed off.
GET DOUGLASED
Michael Dorn played the character of Worf from 1987 to 1999 continiously and up until 2023 periodically.  That's far longer than the confederacy.  And Worf-Statues would actually be cool.
sans undertale has lived longer than the confederacy. just saying.
Tennessee Earnie Ford goes hard😂
Actually he is right. It was grey. We see them as bad because we have the morality and ethic codes of the winners. If the other side won it would be completely different. Good and bad only comes from the perspective.
“Stated rights was about taxes” ah yes, succeeding after you couldn’t force everyone who wasn’t white into slavery, stating you could force black people into slavery in your constitution, getting mad over there not being more slave states and a whole bunch of other things is taxes.
Slavery was wack no doubt. Yall ever read up on why the union wanted to stop it though? Wild rabbit hole
the next subject. *sip* slavery
None of you can prove that slavery is wrong
When he was talking about the annoying orange, I first thought of someone else (because that's what I call him) but the duration didn't match with one term of the presidency.
😂 Africans started slavery and sold there blacks slave's around the world as property
The Confederate Flag is the ultimate Participation Trophy.
In all seriousness now, states rights to do what????
Where were you all upset about states rights when the fugitive slaves act was passed? Where was our rights to pass our own laws? It wasn’t about states rights
Long live the Confederacy
Can someone link the twitter post? I wanna see it
I turned on captions on the freddy fax whatever video to figure out what the bear was saying and now I’m going through all your videos with captions to get extra jokes. Love your content little green goober
"Slavery-adjacent" is a phrase I didn't know I needed to learn today.
Get Douglas
At this point World of Warcraft have a more legitimate nation then that lasted longer.
A bunch of white guys fighting over “their country” and then there’s the Native Americans just watching it all go down on their land. 😐
To make the whole “state’s rights” argument even more stupid, a lot of the confederate states also made it legally impossible to abolish slavery in their constitutions and did so without any vote.  For the south, it was about slavery.
Wait the annoying orange is still around
This is very funny
I don't care what anyone says about what started the war, it heavily involved keeping slavery which is just fxxked up and anyone who says otherwise needs to take a good long look at themselves.
OMG KWISTOFF YT
THE UNION FOREVER!!!
way to virtue signal
Douglassed
Its even funnier when you learn all the lost cause bullshit was made post war. You can find the former confederate leaders openly saying they must course correct what the war was about.
soldiers rolling in their grave that died 200 years ago
I live in a state where the R state gov decided to prevent our cities from passing their own minimum wage raises and prevent them from banning single use plastics. "State's rights" mf's dont seem to have a problem with it. And worst is my state was one of the most important union states: Kansas
If you want to make the civil war a grey issue  you simply point out that being a civil war families had to kill eachother on both sides now yeah that's depressing but slavery is still bad.
I think of the Confederacy as being sort of like Marvel Villains. They often have a legitimate point(we don't want the federal government unilaterally telling States what to do, otherwise we're one powermad administration away from, say, trying to make all drugs illegal because they think Prohibition didn't go far enough or some shit, and that's one of the less bad examples I could think of) but their methods to resolve this and general moral character is so shit it's just impossible to actually root for them.
Fake news, false take...
States rights to succeed
The confederacy separated to preserve the right to own slaves n all, but irdc if someone wants to hang a confederate flag or not. In reality the southerners making the arguement genuinely believe that its about cultural preservation (even though it wasn't), but I don't think they're trying to preserve slavery people are just very prideful in there beliefs generally, so most people will just keep arguing even if there wrong (I'm guilty of this too). If the persons not spitting hate speech or actively  promoting those ideas irdc what flag they decide to hang maybe I'm wrong, but I just genuinely don't see the big deal. I'm open to changing my view.
"The confederacy was bad."  Bold statements only on this channel. -goobus, probably.
Big Mouth on Netflix has lasted twice as long as the Confederacy.
I wish i was american to have their history classes just to say to the teacher "Excuse me teacher but the confederacy wanted *states rights to do what?* "
Its southerner's right to fly the confederate flag and it's our right as northerners burn it down.
Where did the image go?
Deep Space 9 lasted longer than the Confederacy. Sonic the Hedgehog has lasted more than six times longer. Smy Rose recently celebrated her 30th anniversary at the time of this comment! (Sept. 2023).  What heritage?
Nintendo have milked Mario Kart 8 for twice as long as the Confederacy was in existence
And now theyre taking down statues of confederate generals. Trying to erase their old history lol
Abraham Lincoln is proud of you, Doobus
The Confederate States of America also upon losing ground to General Sherman's march did their own march where they moved south through Mexico into South America to seek aid from the Brazilian Monarchy in order to establish Brazil as a slave state; History is pretty heckin' cool.
In a year the Mort theory is going to last longer then the confederacy
Doofus Goobus speaking facts...
Anyone who defends the Confederacy has the states right to shut the hell up
The only argument I'll give isn't a defense against the confederacy rather an indictment against the union. The war wasn't about the immoral nature of it, but rather the economic issue. Many of the north thought the large plantations with their slave labor would overtake their slave-free production and effectively run them out of business. Abe Lincoln was one of the few speaking out against the immoral nature of slavery, but he only wanted to stop the expansion of slavery so that the practice would eventually die out on its own. Thankfully John Brown, a fucking brilliant mad-man and a hero, forced his hand by raiding an armory with a group of people, freeing slaves, arming them, and continuing south creating an uprising.    TL:DR The Union didn't care about the moral nature of it for the majority of conflict, and the war only happened because a great man had a crazy plan and terrible execution.
В тоже время Ельцин в бане с братками Окей парни у нас был страна с четкой зависимостью друг от друга мы были второй страной мира но коммунизм зло так что чур мне самый большой кусок
I love these mindless people!states rights to phase out a economic tool that was supported  by the union!that's why they sold slaves to the south!imagine being so stupid that you think the government fought for a noble cause!your government funded indoctrination is complete!I'd still vote for jefferson davis!Corwin amendment anyone!lmao
This is true as hell.
Anyone that supports the confederacy is a traitor to the USA. They should be treated as resting terrorists.   Not just to the USA but to human rights world wide.
The same people who go on for days about how evil the south was go on for days about why the movie Sound of Freedom is bad.
The time we have waited for Half Life 3 is longer than how long the confederacy lasted
as someone related to a union genral i support this message
how did a region be so bad, that it got out lived by the annoying orange? that's a true failure in my opinion.
What’s the song at the end
For me its a lot less about slavery, and a lot more that the south is just better and that flag is cooler
The south did not even secede because Lincoln said he wanted to outlaw slavery. They seceded because he said he wasn't going to let them expand slavery. But just that was enough to get them to freakout and leave the country. After defeating them, Lincoln freed the slaves to punish the south, but he never promised to free the slaves before the south seceded. It's actually ironic. The South's want to defend slavery ended up accelerating the abolition. I actually think the South's decision to secede was a good thing, because had they remained loyal to the union, it probably would've taken several more decades for slavery to be outlawed. Don't interrupt your enemy when they're making a mistake
And the north only wanter to abolish slavery because south was makeing ALL the slave money.
Then condemn Africa. A continent that depends so much on slavery, you bbc lover
CSA people be like: “The war was about states rights!”  States rights to do what?! “Leave the union!”  And why did they want to leave the union?
I don't know man, slavery got us The Pyramids and Nikes shoes. I'm kinda torn on it.
Atun Shei in a nutshell😂
The enemy of my enemy is my friend
Me and my homies all hate the confederacy (We’re Southern) 🤠
I love how the US before WW2 were basically n*zis
I'm not disagreeing in any way. The Confederacy was bad but, as a history buff, I find it frustrating when people try to do this. If I was to compare it to anything, I would compare it to a tree. Slavery was the root of the civil war but by solely focusing on that, you're deliberately ignoring several other aspects that made the civil war one of, if not the most, interesting times in American history. Saying "Slavery bad" and expecting that to be the end of the conversation has the same intellectual impact as "I know you are, but what am I?" The bit about annoying orange was class, though.
The thing is, not only the southerners were racists but they are "somewhat correct". If the U.S. government abolished slavery in all states. Then the entire southern economy would collapse like their very way of life is at stake. There will be those who will join the Rebels just to defend their only source of income just to survive. It would have been nice that the government invested on industrialization in the south decades ago to eventually abolish slavery as a whole but nope.
I mean, yeah the Confederacy was bad but realistically with the rampant rise of machinery and farm equipment shortly after, the need for slaves would have faded out on its own within a few decades after the end of it at most. So in the end, all that really happened was it shortened slavery for a relatively small amount of time and in turn, Uncle Sam gets to stick his penis balls deeps down everyone's throat today.
Wow your so brave thanks for thinking slavery is bad!!11!1!
But what about selling cotton abroad? North wanted to limit that business by including hude taxes. Cause of their policy they made situation on South even worse , to the point when slaves couldn't buy simple clothes. Situation is gray how you can see.
"A lot of it was gray."  I mean, their uniforms certainly were very gray
Why are a quarter of these comments defending the confederacy
No reason it can't avoid that specific state "right" and move for other issues like gun rights and economic differences.
It’s true that a lot of events in history are grey. The confederacy was NOT one of them.
The southern states literally relied on slavery to eat and survive, its similar to taking away all of the factories from the north at that time. People seem to ignore the fact that it was still the loss of American life and os one of the greatest shames of American history, along with Japanese internment camps. If slavery was eased out slowly over the course of ~2 years there would've been drastically less life lost. Slavery is bad, but war, murder, and starvation is worse.
I don't support the Confederacy in any way, myself being from the Southern US. But, your argument that the Civil War was only about slavery is just not realistic to how it actually was.   I won't deny, slavery was a big proponent towards the war, with the act of freedom for all colored folk and no more forced labor.   But, there are a lot of other factors that contributed towards such a need for violence.  Again, I do not support the Confederacy ideals, but I'm also in no way discounting the prejudice and flak they received after the war.  You also need to understand their viewpoint in this matter, slavery was the backbone of the Southern economy at the time. Without slavery, their economy would have been ruined, and on the whole states rights matter.  The North really had no business, marching into Southern lands and ruining the lives of the regular civilians there, not just the military.  Not to mention, the North had shown contempt and displeasure in the idea of slavery before the war, but did they do anything about it then?   No, sir. Because, it would not have been justified at that time. It would have been insurrection and murder.  Lots of soldiers were conscripts, and others were simply fighting to defend their home.  A great deal of Southerners didn't believe in the ideals of the Confederacy either.  You're very much painting all the people as being of one mindset at that time in the South which was just not true.  Now, I know a great deal of people will get up in arms at me for this, but I'm saying what needs to be said.  Do your research, people.
As someone who had family on either side of the same battles, I’ve never felt more pro-American
I grew up in Texas and it was framed as state's rights and economics. Slavery was the economic concerns.  I hope the internet will allow kids to not believe this state-taught BS like I did.
The story of states seceding just to have slavery, because it made rich people richer would be considered poor writing in fiction. It's cartoonishly evil.
Ok but are we seriously gonna pretend the dukes of Hazzard doesn't exist?
good jop! doobus!
Meanwhile, California and New Mexico are trying to undermine the Constitution with their take on States rights.
On one hand, the flag is cool, and it should be more of Texan heritage but at the same time it should be acknowledged as a shitty thing…plus it was so weak that even the wait for pikmin3 and pikmin 4 invidualky was longer than the confederacy, and the wait for Psychonauts 2, chicken run 2, pizza tower I think, and incredibles 2  Also doobus…plz make a Psychonauts video, it would be awesome
Controversial takes only on this channel
I mean if the south didn't get a wild hair up it's ass in rebel, slavery would have died naturally. President Lincoln didn't say he'll take away the slaves rather he had other ideas to make it progressively die out. I'm just saying if the South was able to be more progressive and modernized i believe slavery would been obsolete. However my personal opinion cannot outrule facts, slavery is wrong. PS (Im a Southerner, and believe both sides has bad reputation and guilt, no one is innocent, and the Civil war is stain of our nation.)
I mean it was about states rights and federal overreach, unfortunately the only state right they gave a shit about was slavery. Lincoln had overreached many times tyrannically but they didn't care until he came for the slaves. Which is the shittiest red line ever. Lincoln actually did completely erode states abilities to govern themselves or the right of secession at the altar of federal power. It's like the fact that Hitler was voted into power democratically, and someone using a time machine to remove Germans right to democratically elect their leaders before Hitler could run. Like on the one hand you're destroying democracy on the other hand, knowing they were about to exercise that right to vote for Hitler makes it an overall mark in the "win" category. So the civil war is grey in that sense. The south had a point unfortunately they used that point for the worst possible reason ever. So even though their loss meant an erosion and centralization of power for an ever-growing federal beast, it also meant the freedom of millions of slaves so win-lose-win, but mostly win?
A reminder. Animaniacs, counting the original and the reboot together, (1993-1999, 2020-2023) have lasted longer than the entirety of the confederacy.  Pinky and The Brain have existed longer than these goat fucking slave owners' little bullshit country attempt.
1:15
Away down south in the land of traitors, rattle snakes and alligators...
Enslave LoL players instead or whatever
Hottest take ver
in reality it was mostly the other reasons with slavery being a large, but not main point
State rights is the only way to stop the U.S. from collapsing into anarchy.  Jefferson was right, fight me.  Not about slavery, state rights.
I’m a southern and I’ve never heard a southern say the south didn’t want slaves
Ironic how modern Northerners will constantly cope and seethe about confederate "traitors" when they themselves are possibly the biggest traitors in American history for supporting far-left authoritarian ideology. The average Texan is more patriotic than the entire state of California.
*Union 4 Life*
wonderful video but the ending could at least not be the most over used anti confederate song
The annoying orange didn't just last longer, it lasted *several TIMES* longer.
George Carlin's routine on 'soft language' really hits here.
rewatching again and just daaaaaaamn it really hits me that confederacy was only 5yrs. i feel like that never got talked about!
But of course, it was about state rights, the rights to own, buy sell, torture, abuse and educate black people as obligatory laborers for life on the counts of being born black,
i love meeting people irl that talk about their "history" and "heritage" when they live in fucking. oregon.
Bro, Breaking Bad lasted longer than the Confedarcy.
he didn't answered
"Youre gonna celebrate a nation so weak the annoying orange outlived it?"  Holy shit dude, you effin killed him! :DD
This comment section is cringe. I dont care about people enough to hold grudges let alone an entire race. I truly hope people can move past the ideas the news tells em.
Finally, a based American
If you pay attention. it was about the money slavery produced for the southern states. Basically saying they much rather have somebody do the labor and they take the credit at the end of the day. The slave owners were lazy
I have no love for the confederacy because I'm not even American but this is a Reddit-tier "haha gotcha" gloat. Fact is, Lincoln was a tyrant who abused his power in ways that had nothing to do with slavery and that's a big part of why the civil war happened. Of course you need to actually do some beyond-surface-level research to learn this, Wikipedia revisionists and the provably awful American education system aren't exactly reliable sources at the best of times when it comes to things like this.
The confederacy was Benedict Arnold reincarnate
State's right to separate.
It turns out thay didn't even fight for that because THEY MADE SLAVERY ÌŁÏĜÂĽ TO BAN. "SaTEs RIGhTes" indeed
Actually slavery then was all over the world and was a normal thing, getting a slave was like getting groceries at the store it wasn't seen as evil for a long time.  In fact pretty much everybody in Africa, asia, and Europe had slaves.  Slavery in the United States was mostly economic as the South was literally dependent on slave to fuel their economy they were not industrialized like the North, that's the biggest reason they were afraid of the north taking away their slaves because they were afraid that their economy would buckle.  Also they were afraid that if slavery ended they were stopped getting their supply of money through trade, so slavery had a more to it then just we want slaves they were literally dependent on slaves at the time.  So when the north started threatening slavery in the south they got pissed and boom war, there's a lot of misconceptions about the civil War mainly about the Confederacy and what their coal was, schools a lot of time don't teach the underlying reasons for things it's just the South supported slavery, slavery is bad but really it had a reason.  Thankfully after the Union victory a lot of money was able to be put into the South and the support for slavery died.  One more thing I should probably also mention the north also had slaves further proving that it was more of an economic thing at the time.  Saying states rights for what? Doesn't really do anything because the answer is slavery yes but you're putting emphasis on slavery being evil which it really wasn't seen that way back then so saying states rights for slavery was actually normal and didn't make you evil.  When you grow up in an area of the world that has grown economically off of slavery of course you're going to defend slavery because it's literally the base of your entire economy so I don't see that as evil however many Confederates really did just fight so they can continue to beat their slave.
i'm proud of my southern heritage & make no apologies for my ancestors in gray!!! dixieland forever!!! 👊🏼
Every man in my family born from 1835 to 1845 fought for the Confederates, and I agree that they can all eat shit.
the way Goobus says 'States rights to do what?' will live rent free in my head for the rest of my life, anytime I hear anybody try to defend or support the confederacy, all I'll be able to hear is 'State's right to do what, you fucking traitor?'
Secede*. You absolute mouth breather.
One way to troll pro Confederates is to say “correct! It was about economics [pause for them to gain false gratification] which boiled down to slavery”
Lol 13 does 50 what?
"WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS" 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Nice strawman. It’s actually way more nuanced in both directions.   To be fair the north/union actually was pretty oppressive to the south (they once sent an entire battalion into a town and stole all their clothes/took their food) but thats only part of the issue. The issue is that ultimately the white southerners who suffered both before and after the war was the non-wealthy, non-slave owning whites.   Before the war they couldn’t compete with slaves for labor meaning entire families of white peoples would often starve in desolate, grinding poverty. However the alternative was the abusive, aggressive industrialized north whom, after the war was over, began a campaign of terror against average white southerners that we today call “Reconstruction”.   This is the irony. Very few former slave owners were particularly harmed throughout the post-war period because they were wealthy elites. The ones whom were most harmed were just regular working people. Throughout this period regular white southerners had their land taken from them, had vengeful former-slaves put in charge of law and local politics, were heavily taxed, robbed, and generally were violated extensively.  The average southerner, without whom the war would not have happened and for whom in fact slavery was economically destructive, didn’t fight to defend slavery they fought to defend themselves from oppression. So when they lost they were thus oppressed.   It actually gets even more complicated when you look at just how economically harmful slavery was to working whites and the specific methods that those same average whites were punished after the war.    So yeah. When people say “it wasn’t just about slavery” they are being earnest because to the average confederate soldier it really wasnt.   Basically just ask yourself- why would a working class white man who has had to compete with _literal slave labor_ put his life on the line to perpetuate it?  And before you say “durr sure oppression yeah right” ask yourself: why is the south to this day one of the poorest regions in the country?
Can you even call it a nation? More like a half-assed rebellion ran by a bunch of inbreds
I'm not American, but "Get Douglas'd" might be my new favourite phrase.
Good ol'days
"Get Douglass'd" uuuuuusing it
The civil war was about states rights. The seceding states basically said “you’re gonna take our slaves so we’re leaving” and the union basically said “you can’t leave, that’s not allowed.” Yes, the states did leave shortly after Lincoln was elected, but Lincoln constantly reiterated that he wasn’t going to take their slave and they should have no reason to leave. Only at the tail end of the war, was when states rights were forgotten and slavery was the new motive.  Motives for certain actions on one side does not dictate an entire overarching event.   TL;DR: the union didn’t let the confederacy just up and leave because of their business choices. And the confederacy thought they would most definitely suffer if their most important asset for business was abolished
BRO im so tired of people down here were I live being like, “its my heritage!” “There is nothing wrong with the flag!” “Well it’s my opinion!” Like bro your opinion is damn slavery
I am never more patriotic towards America than when talking about the civil war.
Only thing wrong is that Lincoln wasn't going to abolish slavery, just he didn't want it expanding throughout the rest of the country whenever they gathered more land. Confederacy was formed because they wanted to preserve and expand slavery but seceded from the union due to them feeling underrepresented within the federal government because the North outnumbered them with there being more free than slave states leading to cases where if all of the south voted against a president but the North voted for that president, then no matter what that candidate would become president. Lincoln was purposely left out of the ballets in the south but still won which made them want to form their own country. Not trying to downplay slavery or defend the south in the slightest, slavery played a very huge role in the forming of the confederacy just that it would be unequal representation within the federal government that would be the last straw to break the camels back starting the Civil war
State rights to do what?
Doobus, we love you
Teen Titans Go has also been on TV longer than the Confederacy lasted.
Another argument that grates my nerves is the "it was a different time so you can't judge them" crap. I didn't know human rights weren't invented until the 21st century.
I still find it disgusting to know that there's people who still think somebody with something as superficial as a darker skin tone makes them a lesser human than them.
True fact! Since the Confederacy was so shit at everything, even their money was literally physically shitty: it was made with usually _rice_ paper, signed with iron ink (so it rusted within the week), and usually had been cut out with scissors. Well, one man by the name of Samuel Upham, in 1862, started making fake Confederate dollars. Mind you, he owned a proper printing press facility, so they were spot on, and using higher quality paper (and possibly the Secretary of War of the USA, Stanton, maaaaayyyyyyyyy have slipped him some legit linen paper, as per proper USD, later)-- he did print his name and address on the bottom edge, noting that he was making them as souvenirs. He took an actual $5 Confederate note and made 3,000 copies of it, which he sold for a penny each. In a matter of days, his supply had sold out.  Later, he heard that smugglers were just cutting _off_ the part with his dox, and using it to buy southern cotton. Since his copies were _better_ than the actual confederate bills, the southerners took them hook, line, and sucker: the North got cotton, and the South got _even worse_ runaway inflation (than they were already suffering). By  the end, he made a million and a half fake bills, for a "value" of _fifteen million_ Confederate dollars, while making an actual profit of $50,000-- which is roughly like making $1.4 million dollars today.
Brawl lasted for 6 years before smash 4 came out.
Who is traitor? A perperson who fought for n*gros that ruined America, especially in today's America. You people who call yourselfs heros of history and think your doing your humanity duties, your doing exactly other way around. I cant make fool of myself by saying we all are the same. There is no such thing as equality in nature kiddo.
"iT wUz To NuLlFy TaReEfs!!" No that was the nullification crisis of 1832.  In which President Andrew Jackson said to one the chief Nullifiers, Secessionists, and his Vice President: "John Calhoun, if you secede from my nation I will secede your head from the rest of your body."  It should also be noted that while Jackson and Calhoun both owned slaves, Calhoun was definitely the pro-slavery racist southern stereotype, at one point writing, "I take higher ground. I hold that in the present state of civilization, where two races of different origin, and distinguished by color, and other physical differences, as well as intellectual, are brought together, the relation now existing in the slaveholding States between the two, is, instead of an evil, a good—a positive good"
to succeed from the nation, if you want a devil's advocate.
This feels like a fnf mod waiting to happen
The same far left extremists in the comments talking shit about the Confederacy and slavery openly support South Africa murdering white people and stealing their farm landed and enslaving white people  They don't actually hate slavery they just hate white people
I think most gameing franchises have more heritage than the confedracy.  even game compaines.  lets look shall we, sega with sonic franchise , nintendo with the mario franchise, capcom with resident evil and street fighter and lets not forgot league of legends which outlived them by ruffly 2013 , I say 2013 because the game came out pretty much 2 months before the end of the year in 2009.   fnaf has outlived , lord of the rings outlived it , most bands outlived it, oh and lets not forgot abba basicly ended after 10 years and then came in 2016 and is still going strong.
Every confederate solider knew what the conferederaxy stood for and knowingly faught to preserve slavery and to expand it. Jefferson davis himself and the confederate construction itself say as such.  To fight for the confederacy was to fight for your states right to uphold slavery. Dont forget that slavery made the south alot of wealth and even if somehow you fight in the confederate arny but dont like slavery that doesnt matter, its like a nazi solider fighting but not hating jews, it doesnt matter.  Every confederate solider fought for slavery knew what he was fighting for and that was to preserve the instatition of slavery
that reminds me that prisoners can be used for slavery.  "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted"
"Get your own country, Traitors." I mean, they *tried* and settled for Brazil lmao
An American wearing the confederate flag just bc it’s “part of history” is as ridiculous as a German wearing a swastika just because it’s “a part of history.” Nobody wears political symbols they don’t identify themselves with.
It's fun coming back to this video to see how venomous and openly murderous people still remain about the Confederacy. That grudge has surely lasted longer than the war, but thankfully I know it won't last much longer. You'll have bigger fish to fry. All because you saw fit to attack the forces (Read: White People) who keep these wonderful complex systems that make your modern life possible running, attempting to guilt-trip tens of millions of Southern Whites for something that happened over a century ago, and openly calling for their Deaths.  And not one post about the rampant Chattel Slavery that persists to this day, affecting the lives of more human beings than it ever did at the height of the Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade. Enjoy the Banana Republic and irreversible decay that's coming - you made it possible.
GET FREDRICK DOUGLASS'D 😂 my new favorite thing ever
Traitors crying in the comments
The time it took to go from the release of fallout new Vegas to fallout 4 lasted longer than the fucking confederacy
Very few things in history are Black and White.......     Except for Union Crime Rates
I'm not even a giant confederate fan but there is something really embarrassing in boasting about how pathetic soldiers that marched into lines of cannons and fought with bayonets are when you never even won a fight in highschool
The Green Guy clearly doesn't live in a Black Neighbourhood
Hot Take: Slavery was gross. I know some people disagree in this comment section.  Edit: Guys uhh... This was meant to be poking fun at how many racists there are in the comments... I am aware it isn't actually a hot take... It's called being ironic.
Yes, state's rights to own slaves. Slavery was not good and I have no love for slavery or the South as a whole, but to pretend that slavery is not merely one piece of the larger federal vs state debate that has been raging for the nation's entire history is silly. That doesn't make it okay or lessen its fundamental moral importance, but it is merely one piece.
Hmmmm, no thanks i still wave csa flag not trying to be a traitor its just the last thing my grand father gave to me
Only note, you should've had the confederate be pure white
Doobus seems like the kind of guy to say that an entire war (the deadliest one in American history) was fought over slavery, but all those white people that died abolishing it weren’t enough for reparations.
im starting to wonder if these videos are directed at a specific person
HE IS RACIST
So disappointing.
Get annoying oranged you nooobs
The Corwin Amendment.
_"I would save the Union. The sooner the national authority can be restored; the nearer the Union will be "the Union as it was." If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that. What I do about slavery, and the colored race, I do because I believe it helps to save the Union; and what I forbear, I forbear because I do not believe it would help to save the Union. I will say that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races."_  --  *abraham lincoln, the tyrant*
0:10  To secede.      BTFO'd. Better luck next time to the little neo-nazis/commies.
Who owned the ships?
My depression has lasted longer than them lol.
I’m not American but I will march to we all go down to dexy
The war was about control.
Huh, usually i like seals.
Very few things are black and white in history...       This is one of the few cases where it actually is.
Just for the record, Lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery but he wasn't a fan. So it's not even the South seceded because he wanted to abolish slavery - they seceded because he wasn't clearly on their side, it was 'with us or against us'...  Also, personally, I would have said "You expect me to believe you're just celebrating a country so weak that The Annoying Orange out lived it?"
Tea and Rum
Confederate flag life like that bro
“History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it” Winston Churchill. Every single one of you learned history from the state controlled school system and it shows. Enjoy the darkness
Not only that, that dumb president of theirs didn't even know about all those white slaves and Latino slaves and that other shit they had (that had all races, anyone dumb enough to get on that boat, or sometimes bought prisoners and stuff),  they're  worshipping a president who specifically targeted a race while his citizens didn't, meaning they're worshipping a president that doesn't even understand them AND is racist AND promotes slavery AND who's country didn't last long. Dumb as hell.
govern themselves. Now you cant blink without the federales sticking their nose in your eye.
“fun fact, I got death threats for posting this 9-second clip on twitter lol, they still mad”  lmaoo imagine being that lame
KILL DOOBUS GOOBUS
Learn the real history
Best part of the Civil War's end is that we have 3 days to choose from to celebrate the confederate assholes getting what they deserve.
the fucking annoying orange
The flag looks cool asf tho
"Very few things in history were black and white ... and that includes the Civil War" Ironic
The confederacy is evil because slavery is evil. Why is slavery evil?
As a Scotsman I can not relate
States right to allow the slaves to be free😏
Remember: you've oulived those confederacy traitors. Celebrate
Hmmmmmm....... interesting  I'm southern and don't know how to feel about this
Did anyone else notice Abraham Lincoln was Abe from Clone High?
It’s really sad that a handful of people (slave owners) tricked thousands of people into blindly submitting themselves to a government to preserve their ability to treat people like dirt. Basically if you support the confederacy you’re just a cuckhold to rich slavers.
I like Cassius Clay
Hey, you should try to America Confederacy into a country ball I know that sounds weird but a yes it is just try out🙂
I wonder who owned the ships that brought the slaves to america By the way which political party supported the kunkux klan? Don't forget who was the president who wanted to conquer some land in Africa only to create a country to kick every single black person in America out if America and send them rhere
Damn! Unalive Threats on Twitter?!
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy that are more significant to American culture: . The MCU . The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air . Deez nuts . Jersey Shore . South Park . Obama's presidency . Any dog that makes it to old or even middle age . Doobus' videos (I don't know how old his channel is, I can't look it up because I'm in the middle of typing this comment on my phone and I'd have to start over, otherwise but they will be at least  Edit: 2016 was when it began. Good job, Doobus!)
Let's just take a moment for "slavery a-JAY-cent" 😅 Love this video :)
The fact that he culturally knows Union Dixie is amazing ❤
states rights to secede from the union if they feel like the guys running it are doing a terrible job.  Slavery wasn't an issue until well into the war when the union was losing so Lincoln signed the emancipation proclamation... which only freed slaves in the south specifically. (the document even specifically listed the specific cut off points where the confederacy had control.)  it was immediately added to the reasons people in new york were protesting against him alongside the draft.
I love Dixie not the CSA
I mean to be fair, let's not pretend old Abe was doing any favors when he used to basically sip and relax to his general's stories about raping and killing African slave women as a way to destroy Confederate property. Both sides were awful,  even Abe said if he could resolve things without abolishing slavery, he would.  If you think one side was better than the other, you're you're just a dirty bootlicker. The confederacy was a plague that deserved to die and Abe was a tyrant who deserved to die.
Lincon didn’t want to abolish Slavery Lol
Ill say this  Slavery is wrong  It was also understandable why the south did not want to let it go. Their economy was reliant on it at the time. Outright banning slavery would cause some degree of economic chaos within the south.  At the end of the day the US is a better place now that slavery is gone. The practice is like a drug... the wealth it generates corrupts people to the point where they are willing to do horrid things to perpetuate it.
Please do one for socialism
Absolute freedom often leads to the oppression of others. Usually, the weaker.
I mean their music slapped and so did some of their early tactics outside of that it was mostly cocaine and opioid adiction
*now answer my question you f*cking traitor STATES RIGHTS TO DO WHAT???????* words of a god
Democrats sure do get pissy about the fall of the confederacy and freeing slaves.
1:13 hey, while we’re at it let’s send general Sherman in there as well
If I remember right I once had a lit. Teacher who married a southern man and know we are in the north and they liked to argue about what was actually going on, apparently in the south they are taught that it was fighting for states to have more power because they thought having a president with more power than states would cause another monarchy, while us in the north grew up with it being actually all about slavery. So yeah.
Do you animate the videos? Also are you going to do a storytime video?
union Dixie slaps every which context you play it
The primarily Northern federal government was heavily dependent on import tariffs to fund their agendas (this is pre-income tax). These import taxes fell primarily on the South, whose agrarian economy didn't lend much to self-sufficiency. As the North increased tariffs, life became harder for middle and lower class Southerners and foreign nations retaliated by imposing tariffs on things like Southern cotton and tobacco. The North didn't give a shit, because protectionism and cheap immigrant labor granted them an unparalleled degree of industrial self-sufficiency their Southern countrymen couldn't afford.  Most Southerners didn't own slaves and, furthermore, resented the Planter Class who possessed most of them, given that slavery made things hard for free contractors and tradesmen who were out-competed by slave labor. That being said, there's no reason for them to fight over slavery, especially when Lincoln himself said he'd happily abide it if the Union might be preserved. The South seceded because an increasingly centralized, more politically populous North was crushing their economy and looking down upon them as social pariahs (for matters independent of slavery, for the North was just as racist as the South was).
Is the misspelling of the word secede by the South part of the joke? 😅
Freaking Lincoln from clone high lel!
South Sudan is now 12 years old, three times the age of the CSA
My "favorite" is when people try to argue that the Confederate flag is not a symbol of White Supremacy, when the designer of one of the first Confederate flags (though, not the Confederate battle flag we know today) literally said that it was. Here is what Confederate William T Thompson had to say about his design: "As a people we are fighting to maintain the Heaven-ordained supremacy of the white man over the inferior or colored race." And another quote from him:  "As a national emblem, it (the Confederate flag) is significant of our higher cause, the cause of the superior race."   I'm surprised at how many peoplw have needed this explained to them. Fuck, I even had to explain to a young Black girl once that the Confederate flags were created by White Supremacists who wouldn't want her to have any rights & would have viewed her as "3/5 of a person" at best (And I included the quotes shown above) when she posted a "wave that Rebel flag" meme. And she was surprised to learn that. So many Americans don't even know their own history, & the public school system barley even scratches the surface.   Regardless of which design we're talking about, you cannot argue that any Confederate flag is a symbol of "heritage, not hate" when the people who designed them proudly declared themselves White Supremacists. Saying the Confederate flag is "just a symbol of Southern American heritage" is like saying the Nazi flag is "just a symbol of German heritage."
Democrats Explaining why Slavery Is Good meanwhile Supporting BLM
😂Africans sold slaves
luigi rigillo luglio 2023
Amerimutts when they oppress the Middle East: 😊  Amerimutts when Johnny wants to have a slave: 😡
I mean they did fight hard so they weren't weak despite the 5 years ...then again, given what they were fighting for-
dislikes are democrats
Summed it up better than I could!
You still have idots that defend the flag saying "it represents southern culture"  Like no tf it doesn't, it represents a confederacy that were willing to go to war to keep slavery alive, and nothing more.  And those same people turn around and attack democrats calling them gay liberal comunists that are trying to destroy America.    🤦‍♂️
The iPhone 7 lasted longer than the confederacy lmaooo
A list of things that outlived the Confederacy, I'll start with World of Warcraft.
taht isnt true!!!!!!🖕🖕 LIBERAL <---
:)
Actually Abe Lincoln was not going to abolish slavery but then the war started and stuff happened the war was  not purely fought to end slavery the main problem war trying to preserve the union but you also have to realize there were a lot of racial republicans in the union army who did join to fight slavery so to sum it up the civil war was a political mess that had it roots going back to the division of north and south at the beginning of our country and with that division of Ideology
Slavery is bad...*unless it's between 2 consenting adults in their own privacy, with leather belts , a gag, and a good time...*
What if I like the confederate flag because I like the design and am southern.
No some things aren't grey. Some things are black and white as they were definitively dumb.  Slavery is one of those extraordinarily dumb things.
Thank you
bro literally fell for public school history books
If the civil war was about ending slavery why does the 13th amendment explicitly allow for slavery?
Odd, could have sworn I heard slavery wasn't a topic in the civil war until after the war started.
No but fr how u gonna be die hard on that
for every one person that likes the confederacy there are no less than 1000 people still crying about it.
do more history content
nice
I love how people are starting to hate the annoying orange, like did no one see it coming? ANNOYING IS IN THE NAME!🤣
Performative.
But that isn't even a flag of the Confederacy. If I got to put a turn on something let's put a turd on the right thing
And Democracy still approves of slavery to this very day, just ask Chicago's city hall staff lol.
I’m Canadian and this cartoon rocks.
it was actually rich man vs rich man. the world was changing into the system we have today and the Confederates were like a little tribe that had to be steam rolled over just like the Natives were. people don't actually care for real history, just their own political agendas. the winners rewrite history for their own motives. lots of others that wouldn't go along with the new world were wiped out aswell. ignorance is a choice
Factually incorrect.
I once had a cat, and man was he the most mean spirited and spiteful hell ball of fur that ever lived. We all thought that he would croaked soon with all that meaness in him. But no he lived to the ripe old age of 20. Blind, deaf, and fully capable of clawing any hand put within reach.   Yeah, my cat lived longer than the Confederacy.
In full technicality the Confederates just wanted  Independence from the north
A state's rights to own gardening tools.
"The instant anyone stops defending their own argument and starts complaining about their right to have it, something's gone horribly wrong." -Harris Bomberguy
I don't get it
Here's the actual problem that people ignore. "Reconstruction" Which was anything but. You see, the institution of slavery was evil. Because slaves were never given any education and were all illiterate, and had no concept of financial management, they were completely unemployable. This is why many, many slaves opted to stay on the plantations they were already living on before the civil war. Now here's the real problem, most of the slaves that were free'd fucking starved to death during "reconstruction" because the economy of the South has basically fist fucked into oblivion by Shermans march and various economic policies that made industrialization of the south extremely difficult. This effectively caused a 20 year long famine that forced many people, white and black (but mostly black) into eating dirt (I'm not being hyperbolic, literal geophagy). Literal millions of former slaves starved to death and many more became sick and ill as a result of the federal governments policies and actions, much of which were implemented to "punish" the people of the South (civilians shoulders nearly the full burden of this punishment). This is in addition to the over half a million people that needlessly died in the actual war itself. With the perfection of hindsight, here is what should have happened. A gradual phase out, which is ironically what much of the Confederacy wanted, over the span of about 20 to 30 years. Steam tractors were inevitably going to make slavery obsolete anyway (machines make for far better slaves than humans, much more dependable, reliable, and infinitely more obedient). Additionally, the plantation owning familial dynasties were particularly egregious. They were more often than not the rich factions within the confederacy that wanted to keep it institutionalized forever, much to the dismay of the white sharecroppers (slavery depresses the wages of working men) who were a vast majority of the actual population.  So whats the lesson? Slavery was evil,  The war was actually a needless spilling of blood, and the genocide of millions of black people ensued thereafter. All because Abe couldn't wait 25 years for a reasonable phase out. BTW, many such proposals for a gradual phase out were sent to he and his predecessors desk to avoid war, and all were refused outright. Victors wright history (except not anymore).
Union had California in the union & they had the 32nd largest genocide in history from 1846–1873 aka Californian genocide the silly socialist hypocrites. Confederates=slavers Union=genocide & forced child indoctrination. "America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between." - Oscar Wilde. I don't see eye to with Irish on most but this Poet I couldn't have said it so well.   Simple fact of the matter the USA is the achieved in genocide after the Arabs & Han peoples of China as the only nations to effectively wipe an entire racial denomination of the face of the planet. I'd highly recommend you never listen to yanks for moral or ethics as their track record is pretty poor.  Is it better to live in chains or be slaughtered? Either is fvcked.
Man fuck the confederacy all my homies hate the confederacy
Going be a troll and state that the war started because of taxes but it's true the north only increased taxes on states that had legal slavery so yes the war was ultimately about slavery😂
States Right to do a little trolling.
Didn’t the north have slavery still after for a while?
I support the Confederacy but only in video games.
The fact that there are actual slavery defenders in this comment section is both hilarious and appalling.
If i can give my two cents to compare the years, this one is to all the video game nerds or retro gamers in this comment section.   in North America, the Sega Genesis lasted 10 years, a full decade, twice as long as the Confederacy. Yes. A piece of interactive video/audio console technology were you can play a funny speedy blue animal game, CRAZYBUS and DARK CASTLE lasted longer than the Confederacy. Just Saying 👍
Captain Crunch’s estranged cousin Captain Confederacy
Dude lookin like Captain K’nuckles from flapjack 😂😂
fr i just dont give a shit about war cuz it scares me shitless and makes me wanna die when i think about it
Turn CC on, thank me later.
Now if these were the cartoons being shown to kids in florida, id be all for it.
I remember I had an old US History teacher that compared the “states rights” argument to the “incongruent” laws against juveniles in the 1960s - basically, they were incredibly vague laws against juvenile delinquency that really didn’t outline what counts as “incongruency.”  “If a preschool teacher told a student to ‘stop being incongruent,’ the kid would have no idea what that actually means. If the teacher told the student ‘stop taking toys from the other kids,’ then the student better understands what they did wrong.”  The “states rights” argument is the same thing as those laws - something that’s not exactly inaccurate but also purposely vague.
The confederacy lived less than the expected lifespan of antivaxxer's kid
I had a grandfather obsessed with the Civil War. He collected books, magazines, and even had a collection of civil war currency. His favorite movie was Glory.  Unfortunately, he was racist except towards the individuals he deemed; "the good ones. "  I do not miss him.  Edit: He was also abusive towards me and other family members. He wasn't only racist, but also a toxic old man who was a narcissistic abuser. Felt the need to clarify since people in the comments are trying to tell me me not missing him is toxic.  Edit2: It's okay to be interested in history; sorry if my explanations seemed a bit ignorant. I too like learning about history and learning from it to improve.
KILL DOOBU GOOBUS
it is my duty to watch this video every time it shows up in my recommendations.
Doobus would not say that to isreal.
The Pumpkin Spice Latte is now 20 years old today.
pokemon go is part of our heritage now, at least that one had a global impact
I feel like people trying to defend the confederacy are the same idiots who try to defend the colonialism: they don't actually do it because they think its right. But we raised this menthality that people must pay for their ancestors crimes and be blamed for them that the only way they can cope with the fact that their ancestrals commited heinous shit is to try to justify it.
Do you know what’s better that States rights?Human rights.
Here's the actual problem that people ignore. "Reconstruction" Which was anything but. You see, the institution of slavery was evil. Because slaves were never given any education and were all illiterate, and had no concept of financial management, they were completely unemployable. This is why many, many slaves opted to stay on the plantations they were already living on before the civil war. Now here's the real problem, most of the slaves that were free'd fucking starved to death during "reconstruction" because the economy of the South has basically fist fucked into oblivion by Shermans march and various economic policies that made industrialization of the south extremely difficult. This effectively caused a 20 year long famine that forced many people, white and black (but mostly black) into eating dirt (I'm not being hyperbolic, literal geophagy). Literal millions of former slaves starved to death and many more became sick and ill as a result of the federal governments policies and actions, much of which were implemented to "punish" the people of the South (civilians shouldered nearly the full burden of this punishment). This is in addition to the over half a million people that needlessly died in the actual war itself. With the perfection of hindsight, here is what should have happened. A gradual phase out, which is ironically what much of the Confederacy wanted, over the span of about 20 to 30 years. Steam tractors were inevitably going to make slavery obsolete anyway (machines make for far better slaves than humans, much more dependable, reliable, and infinitely more obedient). Additionally, the plantation owning familial dynasties were particularly egregious. They were more often than not the rich factions within the confederacy that wanted to keep it institutionalized forever, much to the dismay of the white sharecroppers (slavery depresses the wages of working men) who were a vast majority of the actual population.  So whats the lesson? Slavery was evil,  The war was actually a needless spilling of blood, and the genocide of millions of black people ensued thereafter. All because Abe couldn't wait 25 years for a reasonable phase out. BTW, many such proposals for a gradual phase out were sent to he and his predecessors desk to avoid war, and all were refused outright. Victors wright history (except not anymore).
YES! BRING IN THE UNION VERSION! That was a nice touch.
*ANNOYING ORANGE OUTLIVED THEM—* 😂😂😂😂 (God i love annoying orange 🍊)
It took Harry Potter more years to fully defeat Voldemort. :P
"States Rights to do what?" "The right to own the means of production."
And please remember it was a group of southern democrats who founded the confederacy that is all.
Why is slavery wrong other then personal preference?
Why is slavery wrong other then your feels?
Based as fuck
In the end both sides would agree that slaves should be "free"
ANNOYING ORANGE SUPREMACY
What I learned in school (I'm from Poland) is that slavery was essential for the functioning of the south, thus without slavery people who genuninly wanted it (money, ideology etc) as well as those that simply wanted to have thier material status uninfluenced were from a pragmatic standpoint in the same category.
Now do one for the Atlantis people lmao
this is so cringe that it makes the confederacy right
Beo is the most american lover on this platform, and I'm subbing for it!
My "favorite" (ugh) part about Lost Cause dinguses is that the ones in government in Georgia not only _know_ the Stars 'n Bars was a battle flag, they also made the current state flag of Georgia look almost exactly like the _actual_ national flag of the Confederate States of America. The only differences are the presence of the Seal of the State of Georgia and the number of stars in the circle. And they got away with it.
This sucks.
They also tell you that economic factors played a role in the succession, what they conveniently leave out is that a massive portion of the souths economy relied on slave labor.
States rights to control their own economy, internalize policy, impose tariffs as they see fit, and secede.   Saying, "It was just slavery" makes you sound like a useful idiot and misses the meat of it.  The truth is that the fed feared the secession of the South due to the following:  - Potential loss of agricultural resources that the North depended on dearly - Tariffs already being imposed by the South growing stronger - Potential (and likely) alliance with Germany, England, and France- which would have been a threat -  Abolishing slavery was a biproduct, as it was already on its way out due to the rising industrialization of America (see cotton gin as an early example).  If you think the North gave a shit about slaves, you're wrong. "It's slavery" was post-war justification for why so many had to die for what was essentially money in the fed's pockets. As you all know, the victors control the post-war narrative.  Why do you think they waited until 3 years into the war to sign the Emancipation Proclamation?
I was born there for 6 years
I think the character of many Confederate generals I have read about is superior to that of many now living. If I were to sit with Lee, Longstreet, and Jackson I would find myself in very good company.
The only thing the confederacy did right was the flag design is absolutely dope I'm not sorry about that. That is a really cool flag design
This is exactly how smug Twitter users argue.
Democrats didn't want to let go of those slaves, for sure
Fun fact: Fortnite has also outlived the confederacy.
why was abe there ☠☠
Slavery is evil please clap now
Soy video. “Racism is heckin bad!” Thank you for bravely sharing your mind blowing opinion. You just saved America 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
Aaaaaaand subscribed
The north exhauted every legal avenue for a hundred years, trying to get the south to peacefully end the slave trade like every other nation in the world. The truth is, that the south was never going to end slavery peacefully. They could have only been forced to end slavery, be it by war, or slave rebellion.  They demanded the north come down to Richmond and fight them for it, and the North simply obliged, and they've been crying about it for almost 200 years now.
Half the Republicans in the comment section: "I LOVE THE CONFEDERACY! STOP ATTACKING MY HERTIAGE"   The other half: "Yeah well, they were all Democrats. So really they have nothing to do with me"
"Get Douglas'd."
Get douglased is such a funny line
Huge L on X corp
I'm a Yankee and neither black nor white. I don't see an issue in flying the battle flag, my neighbors do and I've never had an incident or any hint of racism towards me from them. I don't have any Southern Pride, but where is it my business to tell other people what symbols subjectively mean to them, oh reader of hearts and minds.  Oh you like the original US 13 star flag, I bet you like scalping Indians and being a literal terrorist. Union Jack, you colonialist piece of shit. French Tricolore, mass executions without trials, a despot trying to conquer all of Europe, and also colonialism. Or an Israeli flag to a Palestinian expat. Chinese flag and a Uyghur Muslim. A Turkish flag to a Serbian, a Japanese flag to a Korean, the list goes on.  Flying a Roman SPQR flag, a nation that had a much longer, bloodier, widespread, and higher proportion of slaves, is not associated with support of slavery. American exceptionalism and white guilt apologists only care about the bad things that America was involved with and that we were the worst out of anyone else in history only second to the Nazis, who we defeated to atone for sins of skin.
Yeah a large number of if not most of them wanted to keep slavery (especially the lawmakers and bankers) but the people felt that the nation was divided already, because at least half of the country didn't want Lincoln to be elected, and he was anyway despite having almost no support from the south and midwest. The elections were simply rigged from the start
Wait... So I've been playing TF2 for more than twice as long as the entire duration of the Confederate states's existences?  fuckin lmao, my dude
DOOBAHOLICS KILL DOOBUS GOOBUS
Bro Geometry Dash didn't updated longer than the god damn Confederacy
Slavery is evil
God damn was not expecting that annoying orange factoid
The states right to self governance
You wanna know something fucked up? The first batch of African slaves the US took with them were prisoners of war that were already in slavery.
The south wanted to keep slavery because the economy of the south was basically carried by slavery. And while I admire the idea of the South willing to stand up for what they believe in, something like slavery is not worth a war over.   It honestly baffles me how common slavery is throughout human history even well before the US.
You clearly don’t know that much about US history other than what you quote searched. There was definitely a lot more to it than slavery. Obviously slavery is bad but that wasn’t the only issue
States rights to do what?🤓 -Slavery🗿
1:15 this guy got balls to discuss this event and make a project of it, I'm proud
Fun Fact: The political party that formed the Confederacy was the Democrats, and the Democrats somehow still exist today
Man, you'd almost think Goobus was pro-confederate with all the people he's ownin'
wow, so the confederate flag is the Arkansas flag inside out
Anyway the Confederacy is poopy.
That is actually hilarious how the fucking annoying orange outlived the confederacy
I don’t think the south will rise again, mostly because they’re stuck in their mobility scooters
The states right to seceded from the union.
The civil war was more because economic interest. The same reason the slavery was keeped legal in the north for longer time than in the south. Slavery was relevant in the south because it was their only way to make money. *edit: Because the south was way more rural while the north was already industrialized* In the north the slavery was a servitude slavery, wich remained for long time too. At the end it was something cultural too, because the southern culture comes from the spanish culture. The Yankees murdered and exiled almost everyone who was spanish-speaking in the south to make the southern states like the northern ones. (The cowboy hat is spanish, the ranchs are a spanish construction originated from rural areas, the names of the states and cities, a couple of flags too, etc.) And even during the civil war the Union wasn't the "good guys", because all the warcrimes they made, specially in Georgia. But is not weird, they already used to do it in the multiple conquests all around the southern states. Where texan womans and daughters got assaulted and dishonoured by yankee troops. What a surprise... At the end was a war for political interests. Where there was no good side. Let's remember how Abraham Lincoln also made a new genocide of Navajo people. But for some reason is not explained here... Im not even american, just someone who doesn't like how the people only repeat one story over and over without see the full picture. There was no good side because if the Union was so good they should have to ban the slavery before. Curious, they never cared. Not even the founding fathers. Washington had teeths taken from his slaves and to avoid free the slaves after pass x time in the city they took those slaves to pass a couple of days in another state. So they never be free. Thomas Jefferson was an horrible man who abused of an underage slave girl in a travel and who had multiple childrens with her, not only that, she was a slave forever so after his death she was sold, together with Thomas Jefferson's children. Also the cross of the confederacy ISN'T the official confederate flag. This flag only became known or famous later through civil use after the civil war and later through propaganda of the KKK. And who paid for that propaganda? Yankee people, curious! Not only that, most of their members was in the north too. Because is not like only southern people is ficking racist! Later this group in the north was divided into groups like Black Legion, the Silver Legion of America, and multiple other groups and parties. Also multiple directors from the north supported the creation of events and movies promoting these fascist ideals, like they did with the KKK years before. This is the reason of why after the KKK started to be seen as bad they just made new groups and parties to keep doing the same shit. Why they support those groups? Why the central government also promoted those groups? (After the civil war too) Because it benefits them. The same reason the USA doesn't make a immigration law with common sense, the debate is always "no immigrants" or "everyone in". The USA can create a residence permit for every immigrant so they can live inside in a legal way and save money to pay the visa. But instead both yankee poltiical parties unite to divide the society, hiding any other option. Because both hates immigrants and they're incredible racists. If immigrants had these permit most of them would move to the north, so the immigration is no longer a problem in the south. But who benefits all the immigrants be illegal? The yankees, because when they reach a city they can't leave, because they can be finded and deported. Later the immigrants has to work to live, so local business and companies hire them and pay them so little, so they don't have any money. A lot of them have to become criminals to survive, specially because they reach usa thanks to narcos, because as immigration is illegal without visa (and they can't afford it) they will be more likely to cooperate with the criminals or become one. If they're criminals we don't have their fingerprints or anything because they came illegaly. And all of this you know who gets affected negatively? The immigrants who become slaves and criminals, the southern states who don't get money from taxes because those who hire immigrants don't pay taxes (or these immigrants neither), and the southern people who loses their jobs because greedy businessmans wants to maximize benefits. And as people don't has money the economy goes worse. And at the end because of this the people start disliking immigration, AND they can be called racists later. It's all made up by the Yankees to opress the southern states, look for expample all the stereotypes about the southern people. How they're accepted as something completely normal in TV or animations everywhere else. At the same time the people who says "defend minorities" represent those as uncivilized monkeys who live surrounded by trash. Only search up how many latins hated "Primos". (Im talking about real latins, the one who lives in latinamerica, who speaks spanish and has latin culture, not just a yankee who has any latin heritage) At the end this all is made up to always supress any debate about the centralization, immigration, etc. outside what the yankee politics say. Because every state is ruled from Washington DC, Trump made a wall with the money of everyone because he wanted, Obama did multiple airstrikes to childrens because he wanted, Bush did an awfull invasion to irak because he wanted, etc. Every state should have HIS OWN ARMY, HIS OWN RULES (Inside a common ground to guarantee individual freedoms) and HIS OWN POLITICAL PARTIES. Because if the governor of your state has to do any politic that dislikes to his own party in Washington DC i can guarantee in 99% of times he will never do it. Even if its to improve the state. As happened to that Republican Governor who accepted money from Obama after a big accident on his state. He accepted the money to help his state and then the party hated his for it. Because the party, i repeat, BOTH PARTIES, are ruled from Washington DC and by consequence this corruption will never end.
RIDE AWAY RIDE AWAY WE’LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
The myth that the Civil War was not over slavery was created just so decedents of Confederate soldiers can think more positively about their ancestors. But what they need to realize is that facts do not care about anyone's feelings. The truth hurts I know, but you are just going to have to suck it up and understand that because the Confederates fought against the United States, they are traitors.
Checkmate Confederates.
Everyone decries the South as wrong for having slavery, but nobody can tell me why it’s wrong.
D-D-Doobaholics...
States' right my ass
I fuckin died😂
I don’t think slavery was put in the southern state constitutions willy nilly, but rather because the slave owners (who weren’t EVERYONE in the South, but were a small minority who also happened to be the richest and most influential individuals) wanted to keep their means of profit, and so goaded the new Confederacy to keep slavery.  It’s not unheard of for rich people to have a greater say in politics than the average man, after all.  Isn’t that right, Sam Bankman-Fried?  Disclaimer: Not to defend slavery or the South’s decision to include it, I just think it’s more deep-rooted than ‘hey let’s be racist to blacks lol,’ though that may still be a part of it.
2023 luglio 2023 - 2024
This why I love doobus, preach brother 🙏🏾❤️
This feels like a shower argument
The fucking showa godzilla era lasted longer than the confederacy
They had it right 💯, remember the Burn, Loot, Murder "movement"? Or should I say terrorist group
State rights to what?  Free labour
Lotta soldiers in the confederacy went to war for other reasons than just slavery the common soldier was more likely to be there in order to protect their home and family or to not be called a coward. Don’t get me wrong there were a lot of nasty sons of bitches but not all of em were bad
Some hillbilly from Alabama said slavery was like no. 11 on the priority list. As if that would make the confederacy any less evil if it were true.
I try to watch this video once a week cause u deserve the views 😂
State’s rights to do what?
Actually, Lincoln never said he was going to abolish slavery for his campaigning as he didn’t want to loose the southern vote.
And minorities still vote for democrats...
The north literally did keep slaves though. they only freed the southern slaves, in the middle of the war. Lincoln kept the northern slaves for a while after. I hate the confederates. A lot. but they were screwed over by hypocrites, and thats the facts
Based video
"you're ignoring our over concerns" what concerns cuase as far as i can tell thery only really bring up the states rights issue
“it’s our heritage”  bro iM southern and my heritage is you fucking idiots getting kicked into the ground while all of us poor sane people cheered the north on
Anyone intelligent enough to do more than parrot this argument would answer you're question, so I will give the answer even if I agree with you're underlying point. The right they were fighting for was secession, yes slavery and by proxy the entire economy of the south was the reason for that succession and ignoring that is also missing the point, but that is the argument to those that understand it. It's a tale as old as humans, short term gain via evil vs long term responsibility for morality.    In conclusion, know the other side of the argument and fuck anyone flying the battle flag of the confederacy and there stupid heritage argument.
We can't let purselves believe we are so evolved to think that slavery is such a basic evil that is "so obvious now" because there will come a day in the future when society will look back at us and think we were so backwards and evil. *cough eugenics cough*
Bro really said “Was” as if these dumbasses aren’t still tryna start shit even though they’re stiLL outnumbered by people who disagree with them.
Mark my words.  I guarantee you Teachers are going to be using this in modern U.S. History classes lmao
"Fozzie, what are your thoughts on the confederacy?" "Not good." Applause
This was fantastic. And let's not forget WHICH political party fought to keep the African Americans enslaved.
next: swiss confederation vs confederate states of america
As a Southern American... I see it more like the Holocaust Museums... Reminder we did some stupid and objectively bad stuff
I mean surely all americans are traitors
Not only that, they wanted to force northern states to capture fugative slaves... who would be free men in those territories.... states rights for me... opression for thee....
Frederick Douglas elbowing the confederate supporter makes me so happy, and I’m not even American.
Now Goobus, ask the question WHO ran the slave trade and WHO were the predominant owners of slaves
Yes, let's boil down a complex conflict while slavery still exists with no one doing anything about it. The confederacy wasn't bad.  We are
As someone who grew up and still lives in the Deep South, yes the Civil War was about the Confederacy's wish to own slaves in perpetuity. Anyone saying different is either ignorant or lying to your face.
Jokes on you dummy, i can't read ur evidence
It was as simple as states rites to own slaves and as some one who will defend my heritage as much as i can but there is no way to defend slavery, but adding the parody of dixie to the end makes no sense as seeing that dixie was never actually the anthem of the confederacy and not to mention the fact that a majority of southerners still liked the US constitution.
I haven't listened to Tennesee Ernie Ford in about 30 years. Thanks to this video, I am now...
I normally hate when YouTube keeps spamming me with the same video. However, I willfully spam myself with this video over and over every morning. Hands down, favorite YouTube video.
It's funny seeing Confederacucks upset at this video. Even if you disagree with this, you can't deny that it's still funny
If they ever call it “the war of northern aggression “, turn and run the other way.
The confederacy WAS evil and they DID succede to keep Slavery legal  ... BUT (and yall gonna hate me) The only reason Lincoln gained power was because the establishment wanted to put pressure on the south and beat their economical power ... which was largely dependent on slaves, so putting an abolitionist in power was the fastest way.  So ye Union was not an angel ---- but the confederacy deserved to burn
For a project in school we split the class in half South and North for a debate, i was put in south and somehow I was able to pull out a win on one of the subject? Idk how I just said North factories also bad and won. Pretty funny tho and I DO NOT support the confederacy
I'm very happy to see the global trend of de-dollarization and the inevitable decay and collapse of America, as a descendant of those Confederates. Now your precious Union which always hated Southern Whites, is losing its global influence and economic leverage!  You call the South a land of Traitors, then it's my pleasure knowing the USA's critical infrastructure and manufacturing capacity were gutted for generations and won't ever be coming back online. You deserve the rot and the sub-Third World conditions coming your way.
“Can you answer my question you Fucking traitor” that line slayed me
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS COME AWAY RIGHT AWAY COME AWAY RIGHT A WAY!!!! WHERE COTTON'S KING AND MEN ARE CHATTLES UNION BOYS WILL WIN THE BATTLES COME AWAY RIGHT AWAY COME AWAY RIGHT A WAY!!!
Fun fact Texas seceded from Mexico for the same goddamn reason they seceded from the US remember the Alamo yeah that’s what the Alamo was about and they lost. Texas is a bunch of petty whiners.
Based as fuck
Fuck the confeds!
The only confederates I will defend are immigrants like my grandfather who basically had no choice (it was either join or get lynched and even then my grandfather still got his home burned down and his wife and son killed) and conscripts who were forced to join during the war (particularly around the end where confederates were going door to door taking fathers and sons from their family and forcing them to join the war effort)    Really the only “grey area” about the civil war was that not all the **soldiers** were fighting for slavery and the union did some pretty fucked up things too, it’s just that between the two, one side was just more undeniably evil than the other.  Like yeah, the union killed my great grandmother and great uncle, and burned their home to the ground, but the Confederacy would’ve lynched my grandfather on principle and openly advocated the ownership of human beings and the torturous and barbaric practices that came with it.   So if I had to choose which I’d hate, I’d say that I’ll go with the one that would’ve killed my grandfather and his family on purpose rather than the one who did so as a casualty of war.   Thank you for listening to my TED talk
I bet you love the patriot act, and how the federal government has given police officers unconstitutional powers to kill without punishment.
"States rights to do what? Answer me f@cking traitor"😂 that made my day
The people who call themselves patriots but have a Confederate flag are the dumbest people. You can't fly the American flag and the Confederate flag. You can't be pro-America and confederate. The confederacy was a bunch of traitors
Now the "states' rights" movement wants to enforce the right for the states to become little dictatorships with no way for the federal government to control them despite this being the United States. Not the Group of States That Do Whatever the F*ck They Want. Or, you know, the Confederate States of America.  Jefferson Davis complained his position as President didn't have enough power... despite being the head of a nation that despised the idea of any level of centralized government The states rights to limit their citizens' rights.
If the federal government tried to make employment illegal before having successfully transitioned into a labourless society, don't you think people would be a tad justified in being upset and thinking the government was overreaching?
I am a direct descendent of Alexander Stephen’s and I live in western Kentucky and yeah there’s lots of pro trump pro confederate people around here and when they try and tell me that states rights crap I point out Alexander because he’s such a good example of what there mindset actually was in fact towards the end of the war when the confederacy started arming slaves in the defense of Richmond he stated that freeing and arming slaves defeated the whole point of the war and that’s when he tried to negotiate a peace with Lincoln in hopes Lincoln wouldn’t ratify the 13th amendment how ironic his single goal was to protect slavery and without his war it would have never ended the 19th century was a terrible terrible place collectively
Ronald Rizz sends his regards
I don't support the Confederacy, nor their "right to slavery" bull. Nowadays the Confederate flag is a symbol of rebellion against the federal government. Nothing more. It's better known as the Rebel Flag. I've even seen other Black folk with the flag, using it just as a symbol of a Rebel. Not a Slave supporter.
The cleverest part of this video to me is that the gray man told on himself.  Goobus wasn't the one who brought up slavery, but somehow the gray traitor knew exactly what he was referring to.
I've rewatched this too many times
Slavery is bad and there's no excuse for it. But the other states rights they meant were just simple and practical. Like a state wanting to build roads without federal involvement. I guess they also wanted balanced power between the federal and state government. Like I said, there's nothing excusable about slavery. I just wanted to say why states' rights are important.
Bring the good old bugle, boys We’ll sing another song -
I believe that the correct answer would be 'anything', though 'getting rid of pro-north anti-south tariffs' would probably be at the top of the list.
Fun fact: Abraham Lincoln didn't actually want to abolish slavery in any kind of immediate way. He was in favor of gradual eroding of the institution. Probably, slavery could have lived on for quite a while if the South hadn't seceded.
Well the Florida slave defender is running for president so vote 💙
Man, humanity never ceases to disappoint me with it's odd and pathetic specimens.
KILL DOOBUS GOOBUS
Slavery is, was, and will always be bad, and the stupid cuckfederates can keep whining
I’m from Texas and I agree
Goobus- “Racism BAD” Random people- “WeLl AcTuAlLy It’S mOrE cOmPlEx ThAn ThAt-“
Bravo.
In my home country of Germany, after the reunification of east and west, there was a spirit of forgiveness and hope, a looking to the future together. I have seen this same spirit in many time witness documents of the American civil war, of fellow Americans agreeing to go on together. But these days, it seems to be mostly a "haha, OWND!" kind of sentiment, as if it was just one more victory to have scored over the other side, and I think that is sort of sad, as if the modern US-Americans are spiteful and hateful of the other side in a conflict they werent even alive to see. A hatred and division lies in that. And most perplexingly of all, it is mostly people who consider themselves Democrats engaged in the sneering derision, when the Democrats actually lost the war. What's up with that?
The Union was also bad and supported slavery too. Remember the Emancipation Proclamation?
The funny part is that they were gradually phasing it out, but were economically stronger than the North. Given time, they would've properly abolished it but we started a war over it and completely decimated civilian settlements with 0 regard. On top of there being literally 0 measures in-place to actually help the freed slaves, it makes you wonder what the true goal was. Doing the right thing the wrong way and in the most violent, innocent-harming way possible
The plot twist is why Lincoln wanted to abolish slavery. That guy was somehow even more racist than the people who wanted to keep slaves. He felt it was too good for them to be slaves and wanted to ship every single one of their black asses back to Africa, at any cost, because the idea of sharing a continent with even a single black man woman or child offended Lincoln's hideous racism to its very core.
I love that my auto play after this is @Atun-Shei Films Vid on “states rights” 😂😂😂
Give it 30-50 years and all Confederate Supporters will be gone there usually older folk
1:14 Press the see him get Douglassed
based adn blue pilled
When I'm a grown up and make my own country. I'm going to replace massachusetts in every 50 states in the u s a And where I do replace it. I will make countries out of every dead of USA's 50 states. Replace every dead 50 USA states. By replacing them with countries.
Native Americans fought for the Confederacy. There were also free blacks who fought for the Confederacy. Read a damn history book instead of making shitty cartoons. BTW Lincoln wanted to deport blacks to work colonies.
there was more then just slavery bud plus thats not the Confederate flag thats a dixie flag the real Confederate flag was red white an blue with eight stars plus i hang a dixie flag in my room because of heritage not racism
Someone please tell me what the state rights was
If I have the power to revive anyone in history that would be   Fredrick Douglas, John Brown, and Cassius Clay for these fuckers
For what it's worth, it kinds was about states rights to vote for president. Basically, the entire south voted against Lincoln and still lost. Lincoln wasn't really for liberating the slaves, but the point was that it became clear that the north held all the political power. There was also a bit of a kneejerk in that it was largely assumed that the slaves would be freed.  Fun fact though, american slavery was unsustainable to an extreme degree, to the point that most plantation owners, despite looking like they were wealthy with their fine suits and huge plots of land, were actually in crippling debt. Keeping a slave fed and furnished to be able to work the fields is really expensive, and the biggest plantations had essentially small armies worth of slaves. They kept their slaves fed and adequetly equipped by taking on huge loans. By the time interest was paid on their loans, the only way they had to "improve" the plantation was to get more land (it was cheap) and buy more slaves (also cheap in relative terms compared to buying better equipment and gloves for the slaves they already had)
GET DOUGLASS'D
Makes sense, Annoying Orange is awesome, the Confederacy by definition totally sucked.
Hooray for Douglas, you silly dreadhead hero
HE DREW LINCOLN LIKE HIS CLONE IN CLONE HIGH
We need to protect our historic monuments  Oh you mean the ones that were funded by a historical revisionist group and went up in the 50s during the civil rights movement   Those ancient monuments?
it's linked in the description, but i can't stress enough how worth it watching "Checkmate, Lincolnites!" is. it's just this but longer and with nuance and sources
IN THE LAND DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
The Confederacy made it illegal for any state to abolish slavery. So that kind of nullifies the “states’ rights” argument
My friends say it was the best 5 years….. hes in junior year…. He doesn’t know jack shit
The civil war was not about slavery
What exactly were states' rights for? Other than slavery.
THEM TRAITORS ARE STILL MAD, LMAO- GET DESTROYED‼️ THE UNION WON‼️‼️‼️🦅🇺🇸🦅🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸
The left loves trashing on America except when it comes to the confederacy. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Odds are nobody sees this and I don't think I can just do a @Doobus Goobus . But my man's there is a growing trend of a shit ton of tik tok accounts reuploading your stuff on there. Idk if you have a tik tok account, but if not, then there is literally a person already on there impersonating you and uploading your stuff (I'm only skeptical because they all only started recently). Idk the rules and shit, but from what I've seen, they are profiting off of your work, which is cringe. If ppl could like this or share it in their own comments that may help Mr. Goobus notice? Sorry if this is all iust a misunderstanding of what's allowed on TikTok, but it's literally just reuploads of your content with subway surfers sometimes slapped under it. Also I love ur stuff
Question:  If the civil war was about slavery, why did the civil war start while the northern states were passing a law to codify slavery into the constitution?  Looking at actual records of what was happening instead of watching youtubers it seems like the civil war started because the north was doing things like splitting states in order to get more votes in the senate and the tariffs on importing goods from Europe strongarming the south to only import goods from the North who were charging outrageous prices for it.  I don't support the confederacy, I just support accurate representation of history.
I disagree. In the confederacy, the government didn't go crazy with taxes like they do now, frontier Justice was commonplace, and they had property rights (not counting the slaves, obviously. )
Of course the Confederacy was grey. Look at their uniforms.
Yeah because she was pretty bad they enslaved 4 million
and a subscribe and like for you good sir
The civil war wasn't about slavery.
I grew up in the south, and my entire public school education was like this.  Like, if you gave an answer on a test that slavery was the primary reason that the Confederacy seceded, it would be marked as incorrect.  They never tried to claim that the Confederacy were the good guys, but they definitely implied or outright stated that there WERE no good guys or bad guys, to paint a picture of the Civil War as this unavoidable clash of ideologies, a national tragedy that couldn't really be blamed on any one group or issue.  So thanks for making this cartoon.  We really need people to be blunt about this.
This is actually brilliant.
This video has made me understand that one joke in The Boondocks. Thank you.
A hot take
I like how you made Abraham Lincon Abe from clone high
Que dijo el gringo
Breaking: local YouTuber says slavery is wrong, YouTube users are positively outraged
To not be the milch cow of the north
Confederacy mfs be like: "It's muh heritage"  Heritage of what? Taking a fat fuckin' L? 💀💀💀
This is the kind of patriotism I can laugh at and enjoy
I would have loved a long ass list of things lasting longer than the confederacy. But the annoying orange is the best insult.
Uhh such a nerd, slavery is based thus confederacy was based and wholesome
A State's right to leave the union.
Interesting fact: considering, that the Confederacy didn't have any large industries, they couldn't have a real competitive potential to defend their inner markets from foreign expansion, so technically they are traitors.
The sad part is that I’ve actually interacted with people like the “states’ rights” guy. I find it pretty silly to support a former country country such as confederacy.
Something interesting to me is that it the want to end slavery from the north was not one of human rights but solely for economic benefits as new inventions allowed the south to combine industry and agriculture arguably the most famous being the cotton gin which sped up the production of cotton as it quickly separated seeds and fibers. I've had the fortunate opportunity to learn about the civil war in two separate states one in the north and one in the south and I've come across many differences between the two in how they learn and view the civil war. In then end both give their respected regions a better view on those who learn. In the north typically many are taught that the Union was ending slavery for its terrible practices while in actuality it was solely for an economic benefit and the reason the 14th and 15th amendments were created was to "thank" the people of color who fought and served the union while as history also shows they were not routinely enforced as many groups rose in opposition of this and often resulted in the death of many. The 13th amendment was only passed to as said before end slavery for its economic reasons. The south often teaches that the civil war was about the federal government (Union) imposing itself on the south while not being entirely wrong the main reason was for the south to continue slavery practices for its economic benefit. Also many generals from the Union who stayed with their state I haven't looked to much into it but its commonly said that they were more loyal to their state than federal government which could be true but I wont say it as fact since I'm not entirely sure. During the war several people fled the union soldiers further south and deep into Florida as the most combat Florida saw was a few naval engagements. Part of the reason the civil war officially started was the south firing on the Union forts that refused to hand over control in the southern regions as they were easy strongholds to defend for the Union until reinforcements arrived. I'm not in any way defending the confederates and I feel I should have put this in the top of the message however I often hear and read people not fully understanding the reason the civil war started while yes it was slavery being a big part the more hidden and I feel larger part was solely the economic greed of the north and south.   Also a fun fact the "Confederate flag" is actually General Lee's battle flag the real Confederate flag is illegal to display and I'm not sure if any museums even have the real flag. So remember that next time someone says its their heritage tell them that and watch them scream about it.
I've heard that one of the reasons the south was so poor was slavery and that those who owned slaves couldn't think outside of it and would be useless otherwise. The civil war actually helped the south overall. The confederecy was a mistake.  I believe that the OG constitution let slavery slide (while allowing ammendments possible) was because the southern colonies wouldn't give it up and without their unification, the country wouldn't have been strong enough. The confederacy was the minifestation of these differences and the start in an improvement of the nation it should have had from the start.
It's wild how many people dick-ride for something that was only around for 4 years and took L after L
ronald rizz owned you
Wow you're such a good person for making this video. Really showed those racists who's boss!
Bro had Frederick Douglass as a final fantasy summon
And I just learned that, if we're getting technical, the confederacy was _against_ state's rights, because they wanted to be able to force other states to extradite runaway slaves.
I’m watching this at 12 am at night my eyes caught fire
I paused it right as he was all flat wtf
thats what sucks about being from the south is that im lumped in together with all the people who still want the confederacy, man leave me alone, slaves are bad and barbeque is great, its not that hard
Lets be honest, the confederacy was just doing another war of independence  For whatever reasons (almost definitely slavery)  Also you could probably do a really interesting video if you actually explored the history in the style of this video instead of just a strawman argument
The ironic thing is that our nation originally bought and brought over those slaves From African race nations that conquered other peoples and turned them into slaves, just like Europeans have historically done. They were so caught up in their tribalism instincts that they mistook strong emotions for wisdom and made excuses to justify it, that’s pretty much the same thing going on with today’s political discourse, on both the Alt-left and Far-right, heck it’s pretty much happened throughout history.
States rights to own NI
While Slavery was the primary driver, diluting the causes of the Civil War to simply "cuz slaves" is a fallacy on par with saying the Revolution was "cuz taxes" whilst ignoring the 26 other Grievances.
man i don't even disagree with your point, but this shit is annoying as fuck
fun fact the wait for geometry dash 2.2 has been longer than the confederacy lasted
Ive learnt more here about confederacy, than from reading short answers from the internet, thx
Based video
As a proud Yankee, it is my heritage to smash the ever loving crap out of any and all confederate property i come across. It's not hateful, it's me doing my Yankee duty!
"It wasn't about slavery, it was so the Union wouldn't meddle with our economy!" "But why would they meddle with your economy?"
And the US private prison system was a way for the south to bypass the illegality of slavery since their economy was entirely reliant on slave labor.
Nothing but bold statements coming from this channel I see.
I hate to say it my great granpa was Jefferson davis
The confederacy made a choice to rebel for the reason of keeping slavery. What did they get out of it? A war that rendered slavery completely worthless to them. They had no one to blame for THAT but themselves.
States right to own farming equipment
Times change, values and morals too. Maybe supporting the confederacy isn't about supporting slavery but rather the symbol of resistance against the established order which lies to you and tries to take away the things you value.
John brown was a hero fighting satanic worshipper all southeners and evangelist are heretics now burning in hell
Me like doonbus goobus
i grew up in georgia and had to hear stuff like this all the time growing up. i will gladly blast union dixie every time i see someone with a confederate flag
Fun fact: Abe lincoln wasn't originally planning to abolish slavery but because the confederacy was so scared he was they tried to secede. So Abe said alright you want be a whiny little bitch ill give you something to cry about and abolished slavery
John Brown don’t fuck around
Say what you will about the confederation, however one thing did come out of that whole mess. now here me out....           The unofficial Anthem of the Confederate states "Dixie land" is fucking bumpin'!!!!!
I actually contacted a micronationalist that had this feeling. Their micro literally had "dixie" in the name and they even said "well it's our heritage" smh
"... get Douglas."  Me: Okay! *searches for the ERB*
1:20 i put subtitles on so i can see what the lyrics for that outro are instead i get a message about how you got death threats on twitter honestly i dont care about your problems little kid go cry somewhere else enjoy the fire you started
There's a bunch of historical inaccuracy in your 83 second video. It makes me want to spend that many minutes making a comment about it all.
The thing is, most Confederate Monuments were erected decades after the Civil War, particularly in the 1910s, when the Jim Crow Era was at its most intense. Putting up a monument to the Confederacy after Birth of a Nation was released, when the Klan was at the height of its power, is not meant to commemorate the heritage of a 4 year country, it’s meant to send a clear and hostile message to black people.
Listen man, i hate the feds and all but...damn fuck slavery
You sir are the greatest man who ever posted
fun fact the flag most use to represent the confederacy isn't even the actual flag. Your flags were so shit that your generals kept flying the naval jacket, which in turn was so shitty it lost in a competition against a flag that literally was just the betty ross flag but worse. also, the other rights or "issues," all relate to slavery. You succeeded before Lincoln was sworn in and attacked before then too. You literally had no other reason considering the tax you point to would never have been passed if you didn't leave.
I hate libs
Every one chant csa csa csa
This is such virtue-signalling garbage, and also historically and politically illiterate to the point that it seems like a 7 year old liberal made it. Pure cringe. Confederacy W
It’s interesting that the Confederacy remnants put up statues of Robert E. Lee when he eventually decided he wanted to leave the war. Only siding with them initially due to loyalty to his home state. Iirc it was after Gettysburg he realized how wrong the confederacy was and even sent a formal letter of resignation to the president who straight up denied it.  They really were just a backwards people that were unwilling to change with the times. Even Lincoln believed that they would eventually HAVE to stop using slave labor because of how economically defunct it was becoming thanks to innovation. But his hand was forced so the war was inevitable. And the south lost because of their stupidity.  Even the racism was used in their final attempts to keep their slaves. There were black slave owners, so even that argument fell flat. They were people that refuse to accept change and made any excuse they could not to.
You could make the argument that the CSA never existed since no other country on Earth actually recognized it
booo whoo slavery was bad and wrong thats what you all say and cry untill you need someonething done but dont wanna pay a professional for it get real you jackoffs go find something better to do then cry about the past that dosent even affect you
I like how if the tables were turned and the side the seceded did it to fight against slavery instead of for it people would be singing a different tune. Just remember secession is the reason we separated from the British and is not bad in and of itself. It should be the states right to secede if it meant fighting against slavery if it were to ever happen again because lets face it history loves to repeat itself because people never learn from it.
What’s the song at the end?
Why folks dont get that the Confederates were trying to keep their states in place of economic upkeep ill never understand.   The southern part of the U.S. is already part of the United States.
Get Douglassed
real controversial take, Mr. Goobus.
States rights to sell their good to england and not useless northern states....
Well the north didn't want the south to split the nation in two.   But the sourh wanted to split the nation in two because they wanted slaves
Slavery is gay
The fact that Pro-confederates describe the Confederacy as part of their heritage when the Civil Rights movement in the South lasted much longer but isn't talked about as heritage really tells you something
Very bold take my man
That’s why the Union won 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸💪
The main reason why Texas is no longer part of Mexico is because the texans wanted to keep their slaves when Mexico abolished slavery.
The fact that you can say "The Annoying Orange outlived you" as a legitimate insult *and it is still outliving things* is hilarious and I am using that.
Fun fact, some of them literally went to brazil.
"THE CONFEDERACY. WAS BAD."  >the clapping of millions ensue  comedy sure is easy
The civil war was about states rights…      To do slavery
Just wow!  I've talked that fast during those arguments. While most spectators thought my presentation was asinine, they could not slight the point.  Idiot kept his flag on his truck but never spoke another word to me. Avoided even looking at me - not helped by me flipping him off if he ever looked my way.
For anyone curious on why there’s so many comments on this video, its because it takes one troll to have 300 people respond telling them to off themselves. Good job, gamers. I’m proud of modern America.
My mom approves of this video 👍
on todays episode of "things that really shouldn't be fucking controversial":
How tf saying "Slavery is bad" is a controversial thing to say?  I thought it was common knowledge that Owning someone like property= Bad its pretty simple   I fucking hate both extreme sides of the political spectrum so much its unreal
Showed this to my dad and he explained to me how not all confederate wanted slavery ):<
Theyre heavily out here in Vidor texas. Intimidating people at Walgreens
dukes of hazzard
Union Dixie is a banger
Okay there were multiple reasons for the war I don't support the confederacy or what they were doing but they did it in part for slaves right but also for the right to ship to England and other places in the world again because the north before the the south pulled from the union out nowhere started stopping southern trading routes. And so this made life miserable for all the people in the south including slaves because they had to do even more work they didn't want to do. Go to your local museum and ask for there civil war archives you'll get the un tainted version of events in those books. I could list more reasons but I won't bore you have a good day and love your animation style.
your liberal merit badge is in the mail
The confederacy basically thought that by eliminating slavery they would wreck their own economy; which not only was built on the back of slavery, but primarily favored those who profit the most out of it. So yeah, I completely agree with Lincoln, get Douglas
I love how Abe was the Clone High clone of him 0:39
This is actual facts
Rip to the 600,000 union boys that gave their lives saving us from this stupid bs. God bless❤
literally me when
People giving you Death Threats over Hating Confederates is SO FUCKING DUMB  Edit: I actually just learned about the "Lost Cause" It was where the confederacy said "It wasnt about slavery, it was about empowering states rights to govern themselves" But like i said SO FUCKING DUMB I could care LESS about States Rights Im a Patriot, and i love my country  But when you do SLAVERY WHAT THE FUCK THIS COUNTRYS ABOUT FREEDOM
ending song?
I like how Douglass just comes in from the afterlife and elbows him
Hmm, first time I ever watched the gooby. Well, the first was when he and Crisp Rat had that...."thing".
Great video! I love the annoying orange comparison! And the real question of: state rights about what?
The biggest question is, who owned the slave ships and got the richest of the slave trade, hmmmmmm
Why is he arguing with himself?
Why worship traitors and losers when you can support and defend a nation of winners and heros
The two sides of the US Civil War serve dinner.  The North serves a plate of undercooked steak with a side of burned mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli.  Your drink is a glass of fresh cold water and the snack is a cookie of your choice.  The South serves you a pile of sh!t mixed with shards of broken glass in a bowl.  Your drink is barrel of JP-4 Jet Fuel and your snack is a flaming stick of burning wood.  One dish will make you wonder if the cook is any good.  The other will kill you.  That there are hordes of people willing to gobble on Southmeal is truly terrifying.
doobusgoobus more like stinky poopus
"but it's our heritage!" Yeah, and the Nazis is the Germans heritage, but you don't see em flying the swastika now do ya?
I think I support the Confederacy actually, it's pretty cool and their flag is bad ass!!!
Back then states had more “nationalism” for their state then for their country
Aussie here, absofuckinglutely beautiful.    Fuck the confederacy
Fun fact that's not the co federated flag the actual flag is more reminiscent of the original 13 stars and stripes but on the confederate flag it has 11 stars and 3 stripes, the dixie jack was only used by 2 units in the Civil War that being one from Virginia and the other from the Alabama 1st line infantry I believe, now aways its mostly associated with confederate sympathizers and people who are normal and enjoy their southern decent. The more you know 🌈 🌟
away down south in the land of traitors...
Get Douglass'd is something I hope to use in an argument someday
“Slavery is evil nothing else matters” Yes this is the type of moralism that will be willing to do any type of evil in order to stop evil. Lots of anti slavery people were against the goals of the abolitionists because they were willing to burn EVERYTHING to the ground to stop slavery.
The war was fought for states rights in general as well as for keeping slavery in particular. Lincoln was a centralized and states rights were diminished while the federal government became more powerful after the war. Whether one believes slavery was moral or not, the fight against the growing power of the federal government was a major major component.
Where cotton is king and men are chattel Union boys will win the battles
If you want to say that your heritage is the Confederacy, you're basically saying your heritage is about slavery.
"But among the concerns are slavery so I dont care because you're evil" Yeah like I dont care what other concerns you got you're on the pro slavery side! THATS THE BAD SIDE
After a while, even union killed union
Weird as it is, a states right to nullify federal law regarding slavery, lead to one of the worst agencies known to man kind. The ATF. (and the CIA but I don't want to get suicided)
This would have been great propaganda in 1863.
Yes you do have a point but here's the thing civil wars and confusing story luckily it's the most confusing story of US History entirely you may believe they did because of slavery what kind of they did it for money since the South was economic ruin
I fucking love this.
The confederacy is literally anti-United States. No American should support anything related to it anymore lmao.
Weird how people from the south who fought in the world wars hated nazis
When I moved down to the south last year I was shocked at how much people were attached to it. Like I saw one of my friends wearing a literal confederacy blanket. Like you can't make this stuff up those traitors should be sent somewhere else
It’s even funnier because Lincoln actually told the south he wasn’t taking their slaves and just wanted to stop expansion of the practice and the south wouldn’t listen and formed the confederacy anyway
1:23 if you read their succession letters from the state legislatures who voted on this measure you’ll see a litany of complaints involving “states rights” for example the confederate “states right” to cross into another state’s territory to capture runaway slaves in contravention of the latter’s “states rights”.   My favorite though was the outrage that people from non-slave states be allowed freedom of movement and speech to teach slaves to read/write or to distribute abolitionist literature.  In true conservative fashion there was no conscientiousness for other humans with rights who disagree with them. It’s their way or war.
To be fair, nobody fought the Annoying Orange in a huge war, though they probably should have.
Poor old Abe was too good of a man to lead a country in a time of war, his unwillingness to march south and put traitors to the sword it's the reason their swill keeps waddling around to this day rooting the brain of simple-minded folk.
God bless America for we have this man
Mister Moustache was right about one thing when he said that "few things in history are black and white," because the Civil War was one of those few black and white moments in history.
I actually have no idea why right-wing southerners simp for the Confederacy. They were the Democratic party after all. It doesn't make anyone look good to support them.
There where more slaves today which is really sad
Cold take: Anyone who supports the Confederacy is a traitor to the US
On one hand, the founding fathers wrote the original founding documents of the US (the articles of confederation) to give states the ability to make most of their own decisions, and the confederacy did somewhat have a point as to the tyranny and overreach of the federal government via the constitution and abusing the legislative process.  On the other hand, they were fighting for a state's "rights" to own slaves, plain and simple. Slavery was the state right they were fighting for. If you're gonna simp for the Confederacy at least admit that they were fighting to preserve slavery and go from there.
Wrong flag.
not disliking this because I support the Confederacy, just cause it's unfunny
I think another solid piece of evidence that many people are not aware of are the several "peace conference" that took place (e.g., Peace Conference of 1861) in the US as states began to secede. Representatives from the states gathered to try to stop the country from falling apart. Gee, what do you think the main topic of debate was?  ...it was slavery
Just a quick correction. Lincoln was at the start more about preventing the expansion of slavery into new territories that eventually would have resulted in slavery dying on its own. The hope of using emancipation was more of a tool to help end the conflict sooner and keep other powers (aka uk and france) from intervening
“I’m proud of my country that fought the confederacy!” “And also experimented with syphillis on blacks, nuked civilians, genocided native Americans and invaded the middle east on behalf of big oil.” “… listen here you little traitorous shit…”
Sherman should have marched further.
good luck trying to convince millions to feel bad about their forefathers fighting in a war that happened 150 years ago lol.
the wii u lasted longer than the confederacy (11/12-3/17 vs 2/61 - 5/65) and i think that's WAY more pathetic lmaoo
"also to anyone saying "The union was bad too". true, but they weren't the ones keeping slavery going lol." Ah but this is wrong. Remember Gaddafi's Libya? Remember Iraq?  Yeah, that same modern America which you love so dearly, had learned many lessons from General Sherman and even had computerized modern versions of the March to the Sea! In such places as Libya and Iraq, as was the case for the Evil Confederate Regime, they also were burned to ashes and their urban centers butchered and destroyed - not to mention the colorful variety of atrocities committed against the women and children! Now those same kids get to live in the ruins of those countries where literal Chattel Slavery and human trafficking run rampant!  The Union has seen to a world today in which Chattel Slavery is more commonplace, and affect more human lives, than it ever did at the height of the cruel Slavery of the American South!
States Rights to Oppress others
Something about supporting the confederacy induces brain rot.  I see confederate flags flown around in Alberta, CANADA.  Why would red-neck Canadians display the Confederate flag?  Even they don't know.
i don't support the confederacy in any way, but i can tell you what i was told states rights was for. it was the right for the state government to regulate their own taxes as they see fit and to hold public elections without the need for a federal intervention. a good example of the confederacy that lasted longer than the actual confederacy is line town NY, which remained a part of the confederacy from 1863 to 1946. so in throughout that entire time, occupants of line town never worried about taxes and mayoral elections were held without federal intervention. while this is cool and all, i don't exactly support the confederacy due to some aspects of it.
the sega saturn lasted longer than the confederacy.
The confederate flag is more about celebrating being from the south because the media and the north have represented you as evil incestuous gun nuts who rape people in the woods and lynch anyone who isn’t a good ol boy while simultaneously having a history of exploiting labor from them through things like coal mining   The slavery part isn’t acceptable tho  It’s just why they maintain it
This is how npr listeners imagine this going when they visit the south
Some people also make the confederacy seem like they were trying to conquer the US
Idk man. States been having a bit too much rights recently.  California is entirely out of hand.
Absolute W opinion
I like to think that it was for slavery but everyone who actually fought and died didnt even have slaves it was either that or get trampled by their idiotic government for starting a war they didnt realy want oh WOW FUNNY SOUNDS FAMILIAR MMMHHHH
*STATES RIGHTS DO WHAT??*
And then the Reconstruction Acts became a major F*ck up afterwards
Thanks for that. Totally based. Instant sub.
Dixie!!!
States rights to do what?
It’s hilarious when you meet a self informed confederate who just pulls some shit out of their ass like “Erhm it was about taxes” when not only did nobody in their congress say anything about taxes, but the confederate government taxed its citizens pretty much the same as the US did. Neo confederates do so much mental gymnastics that it’s mind boggling. It seems like kids today are starting to break away from that crap, I sincerely can’t wait until the one day when all of those “state rights” and “heritage” mfs die off.
After further research the confederacy was nowhere near weak at all. Thanks to many great military leaders in the south and disobedient/inefficient leaders in north the war was up for grabs multiple times, with the north being saved by strokes of luck and last minute details. So it had more than enough chance to survive
super transcendental information over here
They might have other concerns but slavery is one of them so they are wrong
The dumbest thing I've seen was a car with a Confederates's flag stick... in Brazil. Yes, a latino confederate
Okay, but state's rights are important NOW surely.
Anyone who disagrees with this video is a bad person. Full stop. It astounded me to see so many people seething about it on Twitter.
On a completely different note, the grey guy sounds like the tutorial guy from Lionel Traintown
The country's first black president, was president longer than the confederacy was a thing.
sonic says IT WAS EPIC
Fredrick Douglass was the best part of this video.
States' rights to secede.   The Confederate South seceded to maintain the institution of slavery, but the war was about the secession itself. Why they seceded wouldn't have mattered to President Lincoln, whose stated goal was the preservation of the Union above all else.
State's rights not to be tariffed to death.
dred scott v sandford
"Get Douglas."
Guarantee if it was rich people being enslaved all these "anti" slavery people would change their tune reall quick
And they're also Democrats
Confederates were also Democrats.... Who founded the KKK. And we sorta let them into power, and boy howdy, look how that turned out.
I have read from this comment section that a lot of people are not aware of history and like to take what they read/hear at face value without any sort of knowledge except “my 8th grade teacher said it was all about slavery”. People forget that the North, South, and Midwest were pretty much the 3 regions in the United States at the time leading up to the war. The North had become very industrialized and was not suitable for large scale farming because of the rocky soil it contained. The Midwest had some decent farming and was able to produce a lot of grain. The South is an interesting story, however. It had amazing farmland making it highly profitable for farming, and in turn slavery when the invention of the cotton gin happened. Cotton was the south’s export, and it made millions each year exporting to Europe. The majority of cotton grown in the south came from plantations. Plantations, usually, were very large and had many different slaves and workers doing different things, almost making the place self-sustainable. This is another one of the reasons that the south didn’t majorly industrialize. The north had to industrialize to make money, unlike the south that could rely on unpaid labor and exports. The government during all of this needed to make money. This led to the tariff of abominations as it was called by the south. It significantly raised taxes on imports which meant that Europe was buying less cotton from the south, hurting its economy, and also requiring the south to purchase its manufactured goods from the north, which were more expensive than the foreign ones that they had been buying. This is when the calls for secession were first majorly heard in the south. There was a compromise 5 years later or so, but the south was still slightly upset. The Midwest during all of this was still supplying the north with a majority of its food imports. This caused ties between the north and Midwest to tighten and also allowed for more railways to be built between them, which significantly helped the north during the later war.  So you see, it is not as simple as the war was entirely about slavery, and while a good portion of it was because the south felt that it was protected by the constitution, there are other reasons. I also would like to point out that the invention of the tractor would have rendered slave labor almost worthless
To do trolling
Let's not forget that plenty of times it's Southern Republicans who both say "Republicans freed slaves" ... And that we shouldn't be taking down Confederate statues because it's their heritage...
I hate that I was born in the south. Because this shit right here proves why the confederacy sucks ass. Thank you, Doobus.
I keep coming back to this. It’s just too good!  Unlike the CSA…
I don't know enough about animation to know what makes this style so perfect, but I love every frame of this.  (Great dialogue too!)
This man is flexing on the slavers and I love it.
Sherman would be proud
Imagine living in a simulation where saying something as simple as "slavery is bad" causes controversy Oh wait...
Calling in Frederick Douglas as a hammer of god fuckin got me.
“Our heritage…”  Sir, your ancestors were Americans longer than they were “Confederates” fuck outta here😭😂
I love this video
I showed my mom this video and she said it was made by the government or some shit
Damn didnt know it was bad
Mcdonalds and youuuuu
Fun fact: Many Native Tribes sided with the Confederacy and the last Confederate general to surrender to the North was a Native American.
Watching this video was worth it for seeing your drawing of The Annoying Orange 😂😅🤣
Given enough time, I fear the Annoying Orange will outlive us all.
I remember reading about how Lincoln absolutely hated slavery, but did everything in his power to *respect* the rights of the States that had slavery institutions, protecting their "States Rights" as best he could instead of just bringing the hammer down on the whole thing the way a tyrant would.  He wanted to end slavery, but couldn't come up with a way to do it that was, at the time, the wisest choice to make.  It was way more complicated than "just free everyone lol".  The logistics of sending them to Liberia, keeping them as "separate but equal", and complete equality were all weighed and were damnable extremes given the climate at the time, unfortunately, as he knew how important Slavery was to the South and the kind of violence and, ironically, rebellion that would bring.  But because he had a hard stance against allowing the GROWTH of the institution of slavery, the South got all miffed.  And BECAUSE they decided to secede because of their "States Rights" (which, again, were being respected as sovereign because Lincoln believed the Constitution was something to be respected), the North had the *perfect* angle to pass the EP.  They were HANDED the golden ticket to fast-track emancipation because the petulant, greedy children down South wanted even more, and could not stand the future of having to give up some of their wealth to pay... *waaaaages* for labor.  If the South hadn't seceded, the emancipation of slavery may have been much further off, because Lincoln would have still been treating them with the respect the Constitution demanded of him.  But hey, they didn't want anything to do with the Constitution anymore, so... fair play!  Thanks a ton, fellas.  Hats off to ya.
One of the other things that needs to be brought up more IMO is that when northern states helped escaped slaves or ignored the Fugitive Slave Act, suddenly states' rights disappeared.  All of a sudden slave states were running to the Feds with lawsuits demanding they do what the national law tells them to do.
When you realize evil people did exist and still exist and many people who are morally gray let those evil people exist.  (Just saw a video of people wearing nazi clothes and waving a black flag with a swastika on it screaming there will be blood at a bunch of LGBT people who were having a party in the park). Luckily cops were there and they enforced the rights the lgbt community had since they actually licenced the park for the event.  But imagine calling for blood while waving the flag of horrid criminals thinking you are the good guy.  I just don't know how someone can ever think they are the good guy in that situation, maybe they can mentally justify their actions but to think of themselves as good, I can't see it.
Well considering the fact they have a president of a party that is pro slavery doesn't age well since abraham lincoln a democrat was assasinated by dems for freeing the slaves as a last resort to win the civil war?
*"Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable,---a most sacred right---a right, which we hope and believe, is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government, may choose to exercise it. Any portion of such people that can, may revolutionize, and make their own, of so much of the teritory as they inhabit. More than this, a majority of any portion of such people may revolutionize, putting down a minority, intermingled with, or near about them, who may oppose their movement. Such minority, was precisely the case, of the tories of our own revolution. It is a quality of revolutions not to go by old lines, or old laws; but to break up both, and make new ones."* Abraham Lincoln, Speech in United States House of Representatives: The War with Mexico, January 12, 1848 Secession is a crime right?
Also to tell the idiots that are not americans >SECESSION IS NOT A CRIME >Virginia has secession in its founding document
Our black president lasted in office longer than the confederacy.
"the annoying orange outlives the confederacy"💀
My problem isn't with the slavery my problem is with the racism
"Golly, thats fucking evil" is such a great quote
just a reminder to anyone who has a confederate flag: they lost lol
IN A VACUUM, please note that fact, SOLELY IN A VACUUM, the Confederate Flag is an aesthetically pleasing design.  That is basically, for an analogy, like saying if you've been wandering in a desert for two days, a drop of water on your pinkie finger will be enough to fix your issues.
The fact that modern day Democrats say that Republicans are oppress black people today is pretty disgusting. The Republican party specifically formed to end slavery. No one is trying to oppress black people, but Democrats and liberals will call back people an uncle Tom for daring to be conservative.  Fun fact, Uncle Tom was a character who worked to free slaves and was executed because he refused to give up the locations of two escaped slaves. The fact that Uncle Tom is used to denigrate black people is also pretty disgusting.
one thing keeps getting overlooked about the confederate constitution. it not only enshrined slavery within it's articles, but it also enslaved the country to christianity. it explicitly placed the christian god above the government.
The United States was a bad idea.
As a northerner, even I understand the "states rights" they refer to are the states rights to representation in Congress. The higher population in the north meant that they could overrule the south in *any* vote that was brought to Congress, no matter what it was about.   Yes, that meant slavery at the time, as the north could essentially outvote the south in abolishing their entire economy. The north likely would've done so without any second thought to trying to help the south rebuild from this economic collapse that the abolishment of slavery would cause.   It was absolutely about states rights. And it was absolutely about slavery too.
The Confederates were democrats  Democrats are bad  Therefore the Confederates were bad.  Easy peasy.
Well ill tell you liberal, Josif ROBERT Stalin, the man who defeated European Fascism, was born in GEORGIA. He was a CONFEDERATE. How do you feel now libtard?
Slavery ❤
It’s basically who was being told what. The war was the United States against the rich elite in the south who controlled everything because everyone else down there was poor and uneducated…   ….poor bastards didn’t know any better and were basically led at the nose by the elite to go fight their battles for them with promises of no taxes, of demands of loyalty to your own (your state and no one else), and sticken it to them damn yanks…   …which was a sentiment shared by the north who hated those “uncultured, illiterate, and all around mentally deficient slave loving rebels”…. Which is still a sentiment felt today on both sides.   It’s been that way for a VERY long time and seems to flair up every once in a while…. Like ever since 2016 and the unholy mud slinging from both sides that has continued to this day.   I mean, there were entire towns in the south that defected from the confederacy and fought gorilla warfare against the confederacy!   That’s why it’s not black and white, lumping everyone into that blanket statement is silly, but it was the reason war FOR the rich and wealthy slave owners… just not the reasons for those who ACTUALLY  fought the war.
0:40 isn't exactly true. Lincoln's position at the time was to only prevent the further expansion of slavery (a move the southern states saw as the first step towards slavery's eventual destruction), not to abolish it. But otherwise, solid video.
I honestly never knew there were people who supported the Confederacy until this video. Another reason to be disappointed in society
Get a real country traitors is the most american thing I have seen on this channel.
State's rights only came into it when the confederacy tried to secede from the union.  Funny thing is that states DO NOT have the right to secede.  They have the right to petition to be allowed to leave.
Lincoln vehemently denied that he wanted to abolish slavery. The confederacy was worried about not being able to EXPAND slavery as much, not about slavery where it was already established.
the south will rise again
Top comments: Thank you for stopping this way of thinki- Newest first: *15-paragraph essay on the motivations and outcomes of both sides of the civil war*
only if the confederacy ended in the 1860s. oh well...
Ironically it didn't even start over slavery. It was a dispute over some dumb ass tariffs that the south didn't want apart of. Also they had a fear of rapid industrialization. But at the same time, slavery was what was COSTING them money. They somehow feared the one thing that provably would've solved their economic problems making slavery INVALID to begin with. What do you know, turns out people who aren't rewarded for their hard work tend to slow down. And at the end of it all, each state still has their rights to manage their own personal laws. NONE OF THEM BEING SLAVERY RELATED, I'm sure the confederacy would be very disappointed. But I'm sure some bullshit would've still caused the civil war. But the saddest part, had they not led with slavery, the south MIGHT have one.
It wasn't about the abolishing slavery, it was about the North imposing unfair taxes on the South. By the way a lot of northern states didn't abolish slavery after the civil war. Didn't Lincoln have slaves?
Well done.
They didn't believe in a baby's right to remain with their parents. They didn't believe in a person's right not to be tortured to death on the enslaver's whim. Seems a bit contradictory to start caring about the "rights" of a rectangle on a map.
State rights. The Civil War didn't start over slavery, it started of from the seceding of the Union. Internet funny people really love having arguments with themselves. At least do more than just copy a meme format you hack.
I thought it also hade to do with confederate states wanting slaves count for partial vote thus giving more voting power to the wealthy
One of your best videos. And the fact that it made so many Confederacy nerd to seethe with rage is the icing on the cake (well except the ones who sent you threats which is  fucked up.
This is so cool!
If filter through the "newest", you'll find the stinkiest grimiest people online in the comments
When does the annoying orange get it's rights tho?
this post is just virtue signaling you did nothing but strawman a confederate and win an arugement with yourself💀
Slavery isn’t morally wrong. Mistreatment is.
Why is slavery morally wrong? Not one one of you can give me an answer that isn’t feelings or might makes right.
I used to defend the CSA and say the whole states rights lost cause bullshit. Then I turned 18.
Damn democrats
Why did you make the Slavery Guy look identical to Captain Knuckles?
Americans will be patriots only when the confederacy is brought up
To be far after the civil war only confederate states where banned from having slaves. Northern states kept using slaves for years after
Ok. But what if we discarded their democratic stance on slavery and just accepted the ability for states to govern themselves? Oh wait. I forgot that the popular magical swap conjecture is taught in schools. I'm not even a republican, so what are you even saying? Everyone knows that it's the democrats pushing the country off the cliff while the republicans stand around saying "Oh my goodness! The sheer audacity of this fellow. Look at him as he steps on that puppy. It's quite dastardly what my colleague across the room is doing. Vote for me and I will most certainly do something about him moidering your children."
History is never all good vs all evil. *but most of the time it’s pretty obvious which side is evil.*
A state's right to farming equipment.
As a child i was told that it was called "The Rebel Flag" and was about southern pride with absolutely no ellaboration. As i got a bit older and learned the actual meaning behind the flag, as you might expect it was rather disturbing seeing my uncle hang that flag on the wall my entire life-   Like what the hell man?? And with the extra layer of our actual heritage being cherokee it just makes it even weirder. People are so- eh sometimes
Got into an argument with one of my old highschool teachers over how slavery is represented in schools. He argued that liberal historians had hijacked the narrative about slavery and shunned any stories that showed slave masters in a good light. He argued that slaves were given guns to hunt and refrenced Fredrick Douglass. I then read that passage and realized that right after he described how they were forced into orgies. I have no idea how I thought that man was smart.
Something I always love to point out: Read the 9th Amendment and then the 10th Amendment back to back....   For those who don't want to:  The 10th amendment talks about *powers* and how they are shared between State and the people.  The 9th amendment talks about *Rights* and how they are reserved for the people....   Yet we always hear about States Rights whenever some group wants to do what with them?
I actually have a confederacy blanket😭😭 It’s so soft tbh
After going thought the comments on here it’s crazy that 90% of the people defending the confederacy saying “states rights” also leave replies saying actual Nazi talking points or outright defending slavery.   Mask off behavior. All of them are traitors to mankind.
To be clear, the Confederacy was formed to preserve slavery, but the Civil War started mainly because the Confederacy seceded from the United States on a whim, which the Constitution didn't explicitly allow them to do. (This was the main reason northerners supported the Civil War to being with, although the abolition of slavery became a more prominent reason by the end.) So funnily enough, the second most important issue in the Civil War after slavery was indeed states' rights, but it was the north who was more concerned with them than the south.
My history teacher was like "Now they claimed to be fighting for states rights, But that's bullshit because the Confederates were like 'I want the freedom to take your freedom'"
0:36 You didn’t say he was wrong though
The Fugitive Slave Act could also count as an infringement of states' rights as well.
They celebrate it, because as much as I myself dislike to say this: they won. Yes, in the end, their primary objective of preserving the institution of slavery failed, but after all, the abolishionist president they hated was dead, and few years later they reinstituted their same segregationist policies with the Crow Laws to almost the same degree that the old south had. They didn't re-institute slavery because they couldn't really, but because by that point the south had industralized and the barons of industry dont like slaves since they don't earn wages and  thus can't participate in the marketplace as consumers of their industrialized goods. But other than paying them a (meager) wage, african americans found themselves loosing all rights they earned for a mere scant moments after the end of the civil war, and thus, at the end, the real winner of the civil war was the south. They lost the battle, but won the war. And even if the US got to the point of having it's first african american president not long ago, it also has had recent events that show how much independence in their jurisdiction southern states have against the federal gov't, proving, once again, that at the end of the day, we like it or not: the south won.
States rights not to be taxed by the north for one
Bionicle lasted longer than the confederacy. A toy made of plastic with funny masks lasted longer than an entire side of a war
brave statements only on this channel
This might be the worse video ever posted. It's like every annoying thing in animation and political satire combined into one. It's perfect.
The sum of my knowledge about the Confederacy comes from Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and this video
why are some people so upset about this? i was just on a discord call with some friends of mine and a right wing guy started going on a rant about how you are bad apparently  Random edit i know nobody cares about: i played union Dixie on a vc with that one guy and he has refused to talk to me for 2 months now 💀
Unfortunatelly, you miss the point. America was at that point on the verge of either leaving states alone of bringing down the federal hammer and deatroying freedom in the process  (guess which one the north chose?).  The reality of the situation is that the North generally accepted the south's slavery on the condition that a slavery state would be countered by a free state.  Furthermore, the North's industry was heavily dependent on the cotton from the south, cotton that, wouldn't you know it, was picked by slaves! And the North kept its eyes closed and kept buying the damn cotton!  In the end, the confederacy was, in essence, the worst aspect of freedom: the south saw this situation as the North suddenly trying to destroy their economy after tolarating it for a considerable ammount of time (since paying workers would have cut into their profits and had no idea how to deal with that).  Funny thing is, if the Confederacy had won and gained independence, then their slavery practices would have still ended up going the way of the Dodo because:  1. Slaves would have still run away and since the slave trade ended in Europe, the confederacy would have had no way other way but to replace slaves with wage earners.  2. A slave based economy is actually dogshit (Rome declined because of that) and it would have been abolished the moment people would have (again) left for the north in search of job opportunities.  To finish off, slavery was horrible, but to the South it was just a business practice. The fact they took up arms over it showed how much they loved their own freedom (to the point they wished to trample on another's freedom to keep theirs).
Yet so many people alive today turn a blind eye to the human trafficking of child sex slave trade at our Southern border.  They want to set the narrative like it's just downtrodden people trying to come across to find a better way of life.  But in reality, there are literally tens of thousands of children sold off as sex slaves every month.  And Uncle Sam is playing the middle man in all of it.  It's disgusting.
so you replaced actual slavery by neo-slavery and off-shoring company's production in 3rd world countries, siphoning their resources and having cheap, slave-equal, labor?   Nice
Did anyone notice it’s Abe from clone high at 0:42   Also that’s a very valid point yiu make there  Very true 👍
I might be reading too much into this but is the divider on the table/credenza a reference to Checkmate Lincolnites?
As a person from Alabama I love that goobus too hates the confederacy
The subtitles are absolute gold
Why is always cartoons that make the best points about history?
0:49 The same reasoning I give to dipshit Fallout New Vegas fans who stan Caesar's Legion.
Time to light up a cigarette before I look at these comments.
😂
It's funny the lengths people will go to not just outright condemn slavery. Like it's not that hard, just say, "Slavery was bad and they shouldn't have fought for it."
🎶OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS🎶
Can you do one for Ukraine Vs Russia
I really don't get why so many people glorify and celebrate a racist, slaveholding, proto-country that lasted 5 years.  (I say proto-country because if you only last for 5 years then you're not really a country.)
My middle school teacher tried to push the "states rights" thing
Bro call him a f*king traitor. That like the worst thing you can call a American people. 😂
That song goes hard. "Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam, away (away), away (away), we'll all go down to Dixie!"
I live in a liberal part of Georgia and whenever I enter the neighboring conservative county I say under my breath, “rebel scum”
I'm born and raised Mississippi and I approve this message 👍
"By the way could you answer my question, you fucking traitors. State's rights to do what?"
None of you can tell me why slavery is morally wrong.
I remember reading a scan of this paper, written by the guy who designed the confederate flag. Or, one of them I guess. Literally every element was symbolic of just cartoonish racism, slavery or both. It was so aggressively about enslaving human beings I don't think any aspect of its culture was free of it.
Sigh...
Forget the annoying orange. My Minecraft world lasted longer than the confederacy
Destroyed by Ronald’s rage
I had this exact same conversation with someone last week. No, the north was by no means perfect, but they did not make it their entire mission to own human beings.
the funny part to me is that they could easily respond with something along the lines of "The civil war was about a state's right of self determination." but they always just lock up like they've been flashbanged or something. guess they didn't think that far ahead.
Vox did a great video about the Lost Cause Myth and I would also recommend reading "The Confederate and Neo-Confederate Reader: The Great Truth about the Lost Cause" by Historian James Loewen
Leave the Union. No shots were fired till South Carolina's hand was forced to take Fort Sumter by force since Lincoln refused to withdraw troops (like what happened at many forts) and was in fact sending a ship to supply it. Even after SC offered to pay for the fort. 3 of the states didn't leave the Union till Lincoln called for an army start an illegal war (illegal as in it would require an act of congress to declare such) 2 states' legislatures were arrested before they could even vote on leaving. Oppressed by unequal tariffs that almost entirely hurt southern states and their economies. Northern industry wasn't able to compete with Europe's (specifically England's) so to protect their industry voted for a tariff forcing the Southerners to buy northern products or pay large taxes at the the South's expense. Lincoln just didn't want slavery to expand. And he even stated he just wanted to preserve the Union (which would have still existed, but wouldn't be to afford it's bills since the south paid most of it) He in fact pushed an Amendment to appease southern states by basically making a double positive saying the Federal Government couldn't abolish slavery. "Slavery is evil so lalalala I don't want to argue because I'm a petulant child that just wants to do what I'm told so I never have to think" The north imported poor Europeans to exploit in their factories and industries and keep workers' wages down. The conditions in these factories, cities, and the effects of large scale industrialization actually made some southern states hesitant about industrialization. I think it's safe to say we're all glad literal slavery ended, but everyone likes to ignore the cost, and that maybe all of us white, black, and red, were now property to a force none of us could defeat. States rights were in fact lost (if not legally, effectively). This effected northern states as well. Tyrannical acts and laws that violated more rights and liberties of those north and south, greatly outnumbering those enslaved Banking laws written by a Chase family member and pushed through by the Republican party (yes that Chase) The slaves, although freed, were turned into a political weapon against southern whites, only throwing fuel into the fire that was dealing with a situation as sensitive as emancipating millions so quickly. Instead of doing what almost every group in America thought was the only effective way to end slavery (emancipate then send to colonize a piece of Africa), they chose personal gain. The former slaves ended up having to go right back to plantations for work. Sherman did not spare anyone black or white when on his genocidal march. Although obviously not the majority opinion, Davis and Lee wanted to free slaves to use as soldiers. I can't find the quote, but Lee wanted whites and blacks of the south to forge a brotherhood forged in war to create a common identity.  Before any sub 50 IQ commenter starts, firing first is not starting shit. If someone breaks into your house, you have a right to defend yourself, any who says otherwise is your enemy.
In stupid people's defense: Abraham Lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery until after the Civil War started. He always said that his main goal was to preserve the Union. But then some idiots thought he was going to so they seceded. The real states rights reason is that having lost their state majority Southern states saw no path to winning ever again, so the abolishing of slavery was in their eyes inevitable. Even more funny, that was only a problem because the South wanted the Fugitive Slave Act so badly that they gave up their senate majority to get it. They hated the concept of free black people so much that they hurt themselves in their confusion.
I defend the idea of Confederacy. Every state should be able to secede.
Florida I'm side-eyeing you
Me being a Southerner and me loving this is really something. Ps. I do not support slavery or the confederacy.
The confederacy profited off of slavery, one hundred percent, they paid those they bought, so poorly that it made the new saying of being paid a slave's wage, but also because cotton, tobacco and other cash crops were so profitable it made it much easier to get money and afford the lives they lived at that time.   And unfortunately it looks as though china learned from that and enslaved young children and Muslims to work in sweat shops making shoes, phones, tvs, game consoles etc. And instead of confronting modern day slavery we dwell on the past. Instead of insuring it is no longer a practice, we ask to make whole of the past.
The confederacy is trash and that's coming from someone who lives in the U.S.
DO IT AGAIN UNCLE BILLY!!
"Say It. Say It You Coward."
Small correction but Lincoln did not want to abolish slavery. I mean, he may have personally wanted but that isn't what he campaigned on. Lincoln and the Republicans wanted to keep slavery from expanding west because that would've meant all the good land would've been taken by a handful of rich guys instead of given to random guys who wanted to farm it for themselves.   I mention that because it actually makes the Confederacy even worse. They weren't mad that slavery might be abolished, they were mad over the prospect of not having as much slavery as possible.
I love coming here to witness racists coping
And here I thought this channel wasn’t a political mess.  Disappointing, frankly.
OMG DINGER MAN
"There was more to it than slavery for why we made the Confederacy!" So slavery _was_ a factor for the Confederacy?
Hey, this is weirdly relevant now because you have the Board of Education in Florida actually trying to include in their education program that slavery was actually okay at times. Genuinely fucking mind numbing.
At least one thing is clear UNION ALL THE WAY
Doobus is such a patriotic American by stating facts to the slave-owning traitors. 😂
The word traitor isn’t a word people should use lightly, but yeah. Everyone who has ever supported ,currently does support or will support the ideals of the confederacy is a huge fucking traitor
To the green guy who talks a lot.......      🤓
When Lincoln was running he has to repeat constantly that he wasn’t gonna get rid of slavery because he was worried about the south having a fit if he was elected. They then had a fit when he was elected. It is super clearly about slavery.
The Southern states also loved to run roughshod over the Northern ones for daring to disagree, as well. Like giving Southern bounty hunters the power to forcibly conscript any public official into slave hunts, as well as often just grabbing free black men off the street to be sold in the South and claiming they were escaped slaves. And this is before we get into stuff like the Filibusters who were overthrowing Central and South American governments throughout the first half of the 19th century in order to install pro-slavery governments so they could expand slavery to nations like Honduras, Guatemala, Columbia and Belize. It gets pretty darn twisted.
I only support one Confederacy.                              The Confederacy Of Independant Systems.
Fun fact annoying Orange is still making videos
Me watching this: 😐             🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Funny, you'd think the "Party of Lincoln" would hate the Confederacy. It's almost like the parties switched sides at some point.
you telling me america is doing great currently? all those looted stores and murdered people by domestic terrorists? yay progress see confederacy's worst mistake was NOT deporting the slaves where they came from  seems like a right thing to do
States rights to secede
It was a Canon event
Whenever I see confederate flag stickers on a truck or something, my respect for that person takes a major dive. Unfortunately I saw that confederate flag sticker on my step family’s cooler while I was in public. I have never been more embarrassed to be around people in my life.
Fun fact, even the Nazis thought Jim Crow race laws were too extreme. Hitler himself also took inspiration from the CSA.
I’ve heard “The confederacy was started over economic issues” too many times living in the south and it doesn’t even take me two seconds to say “you mean the economic issue of southern plantation owners not being able to make shit loads of money anymore because they’d have to give up their free labor by the ‘graces’ of the fucking slave trade?” And then I don’t have to talk to that person anymore.
A few things. Lincoln had no intent on of "Abolishing slavery" It was only when a great man named Cassius Marcellus Clay convinced Lincoln to make things about slavery when the civil war had already kicked off did Lincoln make the Emancipation Proclamation. Bet you thought I was going to support the confederacy with the start of this didn't you? Nah, fuck em. Both sides had issues, but the Confederacy  claimed to be *and I may be misquoting but bare with me* 'Founded upon the objective truth of racial inequality'. At the very least, confederate leadership was made up of bastards. (also entertaining choice of song Doobus)
YESSIR AMARICA 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The most terrible comedy to me is the fact that Oklahoma claims itself as part of the south and thus many people here still do the "hur dur I display it because of southern pride and heritage". My guy we were not a state until 1907.
Way down south In the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators
The problem with judging certain actions of the past ends up being that we use modern logic for periods of time when those types of things were normal now I still think slavery was wrong just in case someone wants to jump on that bandwagon
The problem with the confederacy is that it put the needs of the few over the needs of the many, leading it to basically become nothing more than a corrupt conglomerate of businessmen looking out for their own interests rather than valuing any real democracy. As a Southerner myself, I’m kind of glad we lost.
You know I’m not going to fucking bother giving these people a little history lesson about the south
When FNAF is older than the Confederacy
God, commies all sound the same now 🤢
"I tell you, I won't live in a country that robs men of the right to marry their cousins!"
Get douglass'd is so good
The South shall RISE AGAIN…   … boay.    (Maniacal Hyena-like Laughter)
Look at all the mad people lmao
Didn't the union not even want to abolish slavery at the start? they were just like 'hey man, lets not spread slavery.' and then the confederates left anyway and then lincoln was like 'MANNN FUCK 'EM LETS ABOLISH SLAVERY!' and then thats exactly what they did.  No clue how accurate that is but thats what i remember from my history class.
Even if you’re a confederate (fucking ew) you have to admit that you’ve failed when the fucking annoying orange outlived you
Slavery is bad
God’s holiest crusader (General Sherman) using the divine light of Christ (fire) to cleanse the Earth (Georgia) of the demons of Babylon (Traitorous Dixie-boys)
I don't really care, i just think the statues look cool. Keep them up
wait this is controversial? in the UK we are taught pretty explicitly that america was built and funded off of slave labour and as soon as it was being taken away in favour of machines the south launched their coup.   next your going to tell me that the "revolution" was another coup funded by the plantation owners... again, who wanted to both cut their taxes and keep their slaves... again (though not outlawed by the time of america's independence Britain was moving away from slavery and had enacted multiple laws allowing for slaves to free themselves)  and god forbid half the country starts thinking slavery isnt that bad... again, and promotes figures that support that objectively wrong opinion... again, and try to violently force their views on the rest of the nation... AGAIN  america is just on repeat...
A lot of the Deep South states are actually Mexico. They are stolen land and illegally taken. So if you are in Southern America. Guess what? You’re in Mexico.
lol don't play that song. I don't care it fits and is fun. I do what I want. also here are some receipts so back off. AHH
No shit
I guess you could say that people who still argue for the confederacy are…a lost cause!
Folks if you want a show about the true history of the -civil war- war of northern aggression, i recomend the CHECKMATE LINCONITES, video series
A lot of the northern democratic states were overwhelmingly racist and had a great kkk presence. This was well after the abolition of the confedarcy a d yet slavery really did go on in many other form even until the early 1900s. The confederate states stood for individual state right over the union. Which is unified single government to govern over the rest. Making a federal government. Slavery was used by both sides and the issue was really one of the last either looked at. The individual wealth of states was sacked by the federal reform and took political control. Even though there are more than 1 party. It's mostly bi partisan and the union can be largely blamed for a two party single and overwhelmingly controlling government. Which is still criticized by many left leaning and/or democrats.
The Fucking New Spain Vicerroyalty existed for way more time than the Conferderacy
I wish he would make a video about what real communism is because i am sure he doesn't agree that soviet union and the ccp and north korea isnt real socialism or communism .
Imma make a take SLIGHTLY different than this with a different focus; confederacy was shit and they were shit people for supporting slavery, BUT anything relating to that history, good or bad, shouldn't be torn or burned down and forgotten like so many people want to do, cus if we destroy all the reminders of that past, then how tf future generations gonna remember it and learn from it? Plus, it's our duty, if we are to preserve history, to preserve all of it, regardless of how good or evil it may have been, from every angle, we don't gotta agree that what happened was good for that to be acknowledged. Even if we realize now the pov was from a bunch of scumbags, it's important to not shut your brain off to any potentially relevant facts from the other side or details important to show that, even if 99.99999999% of what they said or fought for we realize to be poopy shitty pants bad nowadays, it's not all cut and dry and/or being a shitbag means every detail about you isn't worth knowing to someone, particularly those who wish to have EVERYTHING recorded in history as accurately as possible.  As another example of this to get at what I'm talking about, to make any findings that definitively proved something previously unknown about, say, Genghis Khan, would be considered by many a highly sought after piece of information of which you would be praised and lauded by the historical community for finding despite Genghis being one of most vicious murderers and serial rapists to have ever existed on this earth, all info is valuable even from the side of history's total shitbags.
Its pretty crazy how state's rights are being overridden nowadays that's crazy.
I’ve not been on Twitter long enough. What the hell is happening and why is America devolving?
Get Douglased
According to Steam, the longest playtime for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is 83,671 hours. That's over 9.5 years. People have played Skyrim longer than the Confederacy lasted. You have a better chance of making the Stormcloaks your heritage than you do the Confederacy.
As someone who lives in Alabama, I’d like to apologize for any rear-end-of-a-bloated-cow that thinks that the confederacy is anything worth representing at all. Sure you can say “well it was also about state rights” (states’ rights to do what? Lol) but even if you came up with so many other things that the confederacy stood for, they still stood for SLAVERY. I don’t give a flopping cat-fuck if every confederate soldier donates all of their internal organs to an orphanage where all the children were missing their organs, they still agreed and fought to be able to have SLAVES. I promise everyone’s not like that down here, and actually, everyone who doesn’t support the confederacy hates those who do. Sorry, again
Confederate: "Listen friend there was MORE to it than just slavery for why we made the Confederacy!" Me: "So you ADMIT that slavery was a part of it....."
0:38 "African slavery as it exists *amongst us* ..." I've heard enough.
Was learning about the civil war in 4th grade. Was making the South very sympathetic and robert e lee like a hero. I felt bad they lost, then i thought about what would've happen if they won.  My black ass in a room full of white kids "Pretty sure the main change would be me not in this room😬"
This video should be shown in classrooms.
It never really hit me that the Confederacy only lasted five fucking years. Man some people are really willing to put their whole, shitty, shitty personality on something that had the same lifespan as a fucking guinea pig.
"You're celebrating a nation so weak it got outlived by The Annoying Fucking Orange"     Now that's a massive burn if I've ever seen one.
Here’s how bad the economics of slavery made the confederacy:  The infrastructure of the Southern US was so focused on cash crops like cotton and tobacco that there was exactly one factory capable of producing cannons. There wasn't enough arable land to maintain cotton production for tax revenue and grow enough food to support an army. Even with the government building railroads, laying telegraph lines, and confiscating food from private farms for the war effort, the Confederate army was often malnourished and always short on manufactured goods like uniforms and guns. The problems of supply facing the Confederate army were so acute that some historians have suggested that the Battle of Gettysburg was precipitated by a Confederate brigade's attempt to raid a shoe warehouse.   Ironically, the Confederacy went into the war thinking that this trope (crippling overspecialization)would help them. They believed that they had such a stranglehold on world cotton production that Britain and France would have to intervene on their side in order to keep their textile mills running, and that Northern industry's dependence on Southern cotton would bankrupt their economy and lead them to sue for peace. Pro-secession Southern demagogues in the run-up to the Civil War referred to it as "King Cotton".   Unfortunately for them, they found that the Union and their potential European allies were not as cripplingly overspecialized as they had hoped, as the Indian and Egyptian cotton industries boomed once the US Navy started blockading and capturing Southern ports and cutting off their primary source of income. Furthermore, the UK had been stockpiling cotton reserves over the last few years, sensing the growing instability in the US, a move that was assisted by the bumper crops that the South had been producing in the late 1850s. Also, while British industry ran on Southern cotton, the nation also depended on the North for a quarter of its food supply, so intervention in support of the Confederacy would mean long bread lines in the event of a drawn-out war. Thus the famous final statement that King Corn was stronger than King Cotton. And for good measure, Britain and France had both recently ended slavery in their home countries and therefore had very little political will to be seen supporting a country whose main issue was continuing slavery.
its valid but they did want slavery for a reason, it was like a huge piece of their economy so ofc it was wrong but what was their other option, lose any and all economic power and let the north decide all of their laws for them, not saying they're redeemable but kinda a rock and a hard place situation
If you let him speak, he will tell you what you want to hear
In his defense he is right. It was about state's rights... . . . . . . . ... State's right to take a big fat f*cking L to the federal government 🤷‍♂️
But Frederick douglass owned 3 black slaves? And it was my family that freed him, everyone had slaves
To be fair, the Annoying Orange never faced the full frontal rage of Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman.
... no further questions your Honor.
Keep up the good work, Goobus. This is hilarious and poignant and I love your style
I don’t care their flag is cool looking.
Respect 🫡
wtf are those comments man fuckthis shit im going to bed
My History Teacher actually warned us that no matter what anyone says the civil war was about slavery  Whenever someone even mentioned the falsehood that the civil war was about states rights I always said and still say “Which right in particular again?” Or something similar
Hey my governor just told me that slavery was good for people. It taught them skills that they could take with them after slavery.   God please help us....😳
Fugitive slave act: hello there
The only inaccurate in this video is that Lincoln didn’t want to abolish slavery. He wanted to stop it’s expansion.
This population is a mongrel herd with repulsive Mongoloid NPCs in the visible majority, and the coarse faces and bad manners eventually come to wear on one so unbearably that one feels like punching every god damn bastard in sight.
oh yeah totes, confederacy and modern supporters bad. also give us who wave a dixie flag a bad name.
Lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery completely, just limit it, it wasn't until the civil war that he was like "screw it"
Can you teach my kid's history class?
You know the fact some people in the comments is just like the guy in the vdieo and twitter that still dont see the point is just... How brainwashed were y'all?!💀
Even Robert E Lee said to one man after the war to put the flag away. He also knew too but now the flag is flying thanks to idiots with momey and horrible groups who want to remember the Southern separation to younger generations but thats not all, they also want to make the south look "innocent" ehen they fought. I swear those traitors woth cash really are dumb but thank gosh people on the internet are smarter than them🤣
Me doing the same treatment to Nazis and Imperial Japanese War Crime deniers.
politics
1:15 I don't know why but he looks so fuckin' adorable
The real answer is the south became heavily dependent on slavery and they knew their states would fail if it were abolished. It then proceeded to happen if you need proof compare the northern and southern states from then to now lol.
Lincoln didn't even want to abolish slavery so they actually played themselves
Now I'm gonna be honest. I'm a socialist. I'm an online leftist. I don't like America all that much. That said, nothing makes me more of a red blooded American patriot than dunking on the confederacy.
it was about slavery mfers when i show them a federal prison work camp.
liberals care 10000x more about the confederacy than any southerner.
This might just be the single most low information animation I've ever seen.
Now Florida is going to the kids this
I just came
I think there’s an under-appreciated cleverness and irony in starting this bit with “Very few things in history are black and white”.
North Carolina joined because of the draft.
*Anytime in US history southern conservatives are told they can’t oppress minorities…*  “Help! We are being Oppressed! Our sacred states rights are being violated by the evil big government.. how dare they not let us always have our way”
im so pissed at my 9th grade american history teacher flr letting "well it wasnt about slavery till the very end!" pass by   also he somewhat defended the kkk . like cmon man i thought you were cool (i was the only mixed/black kid in his history class. very shitty to deal with)
The fact that people who wave around the confederate flag had a years-long meltdown over others "disrespecting" the US flag by KNEELING has me in stitches.  You idiots, you're LITERALLY simping for literal treasonist bastards WHERE'S YOUR AMERICAN PRIIIIDE MY BROTHER
Subscribed. 🇺🇸
I don’t know. This could be just me, but I have lived my entire life in the South and I hardly even hear the Confederacy mentioned, let alone praised. I went to a school with hardly any budget, so yeah, of course most classes are going to suck, but none of the history teachers ever painted the Confederacy as a good thing. They were always the opposite, and these were born Southerners as well. So yeah, either where I’ve lived has taken steps in the right direction or there is a lot of over-exaggeration going on, because this is far from how the Southerners I know think.  But an interesting fact: my grandfather was buried at a Civil War battleground site that was converted to a public cemetery because he lived down the road from it. He wanted to be buried close to home.
I love how Abe Lincoln is drawn like his character from Clone High. Good vid 👌
I’ll never forget the words my AP US History teacher taught me:  “In elementary school, you learn that the Civil War was about slavery. In middle school, you learn that the Civil War was about State’s Rights. In this class, you’ll learn that the Civil War was always about slavery.”
I need a bumper sticker of this
Bro used the battle flag not the country flag of the confederacy
"Checkmate, Lincolnites!"
Democrats doesn't want you to know but confederacy was indeed pretty bad.
Woah man, careful with these hot takes.
Btw, the myth is called “The Lost Cause”, in case you need to rant to people about it.
I was raised in south Louisiana moved to florida lived in Georgia and i love it here (exept alabama) it’s gorgeous and I prefer to live in a rural area other than a city but trust me these confederate defenders EVEN IF they aren’t racist they’re still fuckn annoying because they like to say how MUCH THEY LOOOOOVE america but if you try to say anything to counter their reasoning for the confederacy they just double down “It WaS MoRe ThAn JuSt SlAvErY” yeah true but the MAIN THING WAS ABOUT STATES RIGHTS TO KEEP SLAVERY aligning with the confederacy is the most unpatriotic and unamerican thing you can do
And you wanna know the cherry on top? That's not even the confederate flag! The flag commonly known or thought to be known as the confederate flag is actually the battle flag of Virginia. The ACTUAL confederate flag is identical to the Betsy Ross flag but instead of 13 bars, it only has 3 which consist of 2 red and 1 white. These dumb assholes don't even know what the actual confederate flag looks like.
The title says it all
dub up
My old 8th grade teacher explained how people who say "it was to defend our states rights" are either self conscious enouth to not want admit to being rasict. Or so far up their own ass they believe the nonsense they're speaking.(sorry about starting an argument)
The Civil War was over slavery.
"It is our heritage" is the funniest line from any american, especially confederate supporting mouth breathers. Bud, you can trace your heritage back to England/Britain (or another european country), who btw, all abolished slavery as well. I fail to see the point.
The rest of the us had slaves for a longer period of time than the south did
If only the US as a whole wasn't bad either.
imo this was more like  south: **we like our rights** (and also slavery but this was purposefully put in tiny font.) and the north was like no slaves(and also lots of policys that are seen as very bad. this was also put in tiny font.) and the south was like. *no*  and then they fought.  and the slaves were freed.  no more slaves. that. was the important change ultimately. which leads to a net w.  idk why it took me 20 edits to get the bold to work. but it works now.
Doobus Goobus’s channel is older than the Confederacy lasted
Me waiting for the 2nd civil war between USA and it's prison system
Behold, a YouTube video with more educational value than your average southern classroom.
Notice how the confederacy stayed silent after this video dropped.
just like kurdistan but there is a minor difference kurdistan never existed and never fucking will
It's quite easy to argue with a strawman.
Funny thing is though, the Confederacy was very specifically AGAINST state's rights. Which just makes the idiots defending them today with that "states rights" argument even more stupid.        It's right there, in their declaration of secession, and in their confederate constitution. Whereas the USA was for states' rights, and they were willing to die for that ideological philosophy and cause. That's a good thing. They were willing to put their lives on the line to defend that fundamental ideology of freedom and liberty and justice that the USA's founding fathers had established in the original constitution.          But yeah the confederacy was very much against states' rights and they enforced it in their own constitution they had. And it's right there in their declaration of secession. They had been mad at the Northern states because the Northern states refused to capture escaped slaves and return them to the southern states. And they were mad that the northern states were blocking the shipping routes for slaves, because slaves would be shipped to the shores of the Northern states first and then be transported over land to the southern states, but the Northern states were not allowing slaves to be shipped through their northern ports.       So the southern states tried to get the federal government to overrule the Northern states and force them to do it, i.e. specifically overrule the states' rights of all the northern states. But the federal government refused to overrule them, they refused too just like the individual northern states had refused to be a part of the slave trade. So the Southern states had an enormous temper tantrum and tried to secede, and declared war by committing acts of war against the northern states, against the union as a whole.          Not to mention their confederate constitution expressly forbade individual states from making slavery illegal, meaning they'd be overruling the States rights of their *own* states too.         They were always against state's rights. They wanted to be able to overrule the states rights of the Northern States, and when they couldn't they started a whole war over it.
Just like how people say they're pro-choice not pro-abortion...pro-choice to do what pro-choicer....pro-choice to do what?
Saying that we shouldn't make urban youths do the only thing they're good for won't make you a woman. They're legitimately just outdated farm equipment.
LETS FUCKING GOOO GOAT CALL OUT
The North didn't fight the war for the right to end slavery though. Hell,  the largest mob attack on black people occurred in New York in response of conscription that excluded black people who were deemed unfit for combat at the time. To the North, it was specifically about preserving the union and I'd say also to remove the whole balancing act they had to keep doing with the South (Lincolns victory was in direct response to the South getting a capture and return law in place regarding runaway slaves).  The South wasn't great, but that doesn't mean the North was actually that much better. Context is what's really important here.
Both sides had slaves, both sides were willing to get rid of slavery as long as it benefited them. Slavery would have ended even without the civil war. I'm Canadian both the Union and Confederacy were bad defending either of them is a waste of everyone's time.
If we all just cared about the MASS slavery that still goes in the world instead of fighting each other ALL THE TIME we would be better off tight now....
Immaculately based
I've had this actual conversation.
At least do enough research to get one of the national flags of the Confedracy right.  The did use the battle flag as inspiration for their later flags.  Interesting history.
This is how it should be.
Dude my step Dad did this to be as a kid. What Right was that? He was like uhhhh Nothing Never mind.
Gotta love the Confederacy apologists. Especially the ones who say that they are super patriotic and then go on to play devils advocate for the group that literally betrayed the country they love so much.
THE ANNOYING ORANGE. THAT HAD ME BURSING IN TEARS
EDIT: a lesson on humility and spreading misinformation on the internet. I basically talked out my ass here, thinking that Lincoln didn't really have any known personal position or political opposition to slavery as a policy. I was dead, DEAD  wrong. In the replies, there is a full takedown/short essay on exactly why I was wrong and what the correct info was, with some sources included. I debated for a little bit if the original comment should come after the edit or if it just should be removed entirely, and I decided on full removal. It serves little value beyond its ability to serve as a lesson, and I feel this edit does a fine enough job at that. Thank you for your time.
I'm in the south and I have to tell people that doritos locos tacos have been around longer
Slavery is abhorrent. But since when have wars ever been fought primarily over moral issues? This is not a defense of the confederacy. This is a warning for all the believers in the common justifications/moral appeals for war. Weapons of mass destruction sound familiar? You support safety, right? Do you know the price difference of a barrel of crude oil from 2002 to 2012? People are self interested. Ask yourself how they stand to benefit.
Goddamn RIGHT
Clone high Abe?
Calling people who defend the civil war traitors is my favorite pass time because I'm always correct
I originally made a comment that was uneducated and I am sorry. I am young and am going to a Baptist Conservative school that confused me, but now I know the truth. The Civil War was started because of slavery, and only a small percentage of the Confederates such as children, and a few young, idealistic soldiers did not understand fully what slavery was. Most of them did and overall the Confederacy was evil and should not be famous, but infamous so nothing like it ever happens again.
Whelp. I fucking subscribed
As a twitter user, i must say….            Fuck the haters lmao
Apply this standard to the American revolution
Good
But yet not a single video on modern day slavery in India, Africa and Asia. Them whites amirite>?
Interestingly, the South, the Confederacy, and the KKK were all democrats.
Meanwhile the democratic party made the KKK
the backlash this got was a great reminder to check my carbon monoxide detector
I think  it was also very much about easy money making options. Having workers you didn’t have to pay made business owners owners much richer than they would have been. Obviously they had to buy slaves but it was like a lump some investment. However, I’m not a history buff, this is just my best guess.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂  BASED
This was hilarious.
"The union were not the ones keeping slavery going" Better actually check your history there buddy.
Posting at the top level because some cowards have replies disabled:  ​> "The Civil War wasnt about race and Lincoln himself said that if he could keep the Union together without aboloshing slavery he would." This is a commonly argued misleading half-truth. Lincoln's concern was preserving the union, which was his concern because the south had seceded, which they had done over the matter of slavery.  > "The Civil War was primarily instigated by a technologically inferior South having a good portion of their man-power (Slaves), be stripped away by a technologically superior, industrialized North" You don't get to pretend Lincoln was threatening to abolish slavery before the war while also arguing that the war wasn't about slavery because Lincoln said so. That's just straight up doublethink. No, what the south was mad about was the north's opposition to returning escaped slaves against their will to the south, which the south had tried to force via the fugitive slave act, and the fact that new states being added to the union weren't all slave states. The south seceded because slavery was in decline and they didn't like that.  > "This also isnt touching on the fact that the North wasnt this paragon of hope like modern Twitter uses like to think." BuT tHe NoRtH wAsNt PeRfEcT Literally irrelevant, the topic here is that slavery is bad and that the south seceded because of slavery, which the war was ultimately fought over. Problems with the north do not absolve the practice of slavery, it just means that two things were bad with slavery being the worse between them, lol.  > "You cannot, in good faith, with a baseline understanding of US History, say that the Civil War was only about a State's right to continue practicing slavery" You're right, but not for the reason you think. Because while the quip is funny, the south was NOT in favor of a states' rights to respect the practice of slavery. The south was actually very much against states' rights. Specifically, again, the fugitive slave laws they wanted to pass before seceding to force northern states that didn't recognize slavery to round up and return escaped slaves from the south, and their confederate constitution explicitly forbidding member states from ever abolishing slavery within their borders. They did not like states' rights, because states' rights meant allowing states choosing to reject slavery, which was the foundational tenet of the confederacy.  > Also, no one said it was _only_ about slavery, you added that. Again, for the north, it was about preserving the union over anything else. But for the south, the #1 reason above all else was the preservation _and expansion_ of slavery. A distant, _DISTANT_ second might have been taxes (on slaves), and "states' rights" wouldn't even register.  > "Also, the Dixie Flag was barely used and is a legitimate symbol of Southern American culture, whether you like it or not." If you're going to "um actually", at least get it right. The X flag is the Virginia battle flag, which was also used as a naval ensign. The original dixie flag was the 3-bar flag with a circle of stars in the blue canton, quickly replaced by the white banner with the battle flag in the corner, later with a red stripe. Those flags were very unpopular at the time, and if the confederacy hadn't fallen, the flag would have undoubtedly been updated to the naval flag/Tennessee army flag people wave today. The whole charade over "it's not the confederate flag, it's hEriTaGe" is so overplayed, it's just boring at this point. It's the argument of a tedious pedant who is wrong about the facts. The flag originated with the confederacy and was used extensively by the confederacy, it represents the confederacy and their part in the war for slavery, and as such it represents slavery. That's the "heritage" it was created for and still represents. It is, no matter how you try to weasel your way out of it, *_A_* confederate flag, and it represents the ideals of the confederacy, which was slavery.  If you want a symbol to represent the south, find a new symbol that wasn't created by or primarily used by the confederacy. Germans aren't flying swastika flags all over the place trying to argue it's "about heritage" and has nothing to do with Nazis, and you shouldn't either.
States rights to what?  Look it's more then slavery  I never mentioned slavery, why would you?
I love when people just tell the truth isn't that refreshing
I just like the idea of rebelling.
Chances are Lincoln wouldn't have abolished slavery had the south not seceded. He thought if he did it would lead to civil war, but the south beat him to it.
My fiancé's brother is a confederacy supporter.  Who lives in New York.   Let that sink in.
The near 5000 people who disliked this can't answer what rights "states rights" pertains to.
Robert E Lee didn't support slavery and let all of his go claiming he wished he coukd do it for all of them. Seldom few people in the south owned slaves and only fought at all because herd mentality. None if them wanted to be considered cowards. Now the rich southerns in charge of the war themselves were awful. They did own slaves and stole food from their own people. It was probably the shortest tyrannical nation to ever exist that oppressed both slaves and its own citizens which lead its own people fighting against it with is a major reason why the south lost. Also Sherman was a badass. Lincoln had no desire to free and only did to cripple the souths supply lines. Pretty much everyone in charge at that was a bellend.
While i don't disagree with the tactic of using "states rights to do what" as a question, the presumed answer of "a state's rights to practice slavery" is still incorrect.  The states rights thing only showed up after the war as part of the lost cause myth, the reality of it though it's that the confederacy was very anti-states' rights when it came to slavery. They seceded after trying to force northern states to recognize slavery and return escaped slaves to the south, and they wrote into the confederate constitution that no member state would ever have the option not to support slavery. They were not in favor of letting states decide if it was possible for a state to decide against slavery.
You guys should Google what party transformed into demoncrats. Maybe learn something outside of Twitter lol
Checkmate lincolnites
At this point you could tweet something like “The Holocaust was a horrendous atrocity” or “R@p3 is *never* ok” or “Abusing children is evil” and still be bombarded with tons of hate and death threats. It’s absolutely hilarious to me how liberally logic and common sense is being thrown out the window by people who claim to be basing their arguments purely on common sense and basic logic - simply because they refuse to *EVER* agree with the political left.
*STATE'S RIGHTS TO WHAT!?* 😳
If yall are so mad, then why dont ypu go back to that country... oh wait.
Imagine there being a fucking orange that lives longer than the fucking Confederacy.
Whenever someone goes off on something like that I just agree with them and point out that actually it was a bunch of rich assholes with too much money and massive amounts of land that wanted poor people to go to war so that they didn’t have to actually pay workers to work their fields.
Best example of a shower discussion
Slavery taught slaves skills, like it says in the Florida kid's textbooks.
Its really sad that we have to argue with people who genuinely think that the Confederacy wasnt fighting to keep and expand slavery.
“Slavery is Bullshit!”  -Charles Sumner, 1860
Ooooooooooohhhh way down south, in the land of traitors; rattlesnakes and alligators- ride away (ride away)! Come away (come away)! Ride away, come away!  Where cotton's king and men are chattelS, union boys will win the battles, RIDE AWAY! COME AWAY! RIDE AWA, COME AWAY!
Nice
This is what all my history teachers tell me that southerners will die on a hill defending it was just “states rights”😂😂😂 one of them even said it’s all a bunch of bullshit
Okay I'm back 7 days later and you should totally watch that series he links to in the description. "Checkmate Lincolnites" was really great.
Hello
Many confederate sympathizers like to claim the Morrill Tariff as the cause of secession. This bill, however, didn’t pass until March 2nd of 1861. South Carolina seceded in December of 1860. Many slaves states followed. This is funny, because of they didn’t seceded it probably wouldn’t have passed lmao. So I ask, a states rights to what?
2 weeks in, and I’ve seen a disturbing amount of lost cause morons in the comments. There’s even been some real pieces of s#%&s that actually defend slavery. Like it’s insane
Very interesting cartoon character
I was taught that the civil war was about state's rights...to do trade as they see fit. Looking back at it I gotta wonder who picked the cotton and other raw farm materials the South was so keen on selling to the British. My suspicions only got worsened after seeing the situation in Xinjiang, China. Why does the US not want cheap cotton to offset inflation again?
Ok gonna play devil's advocate here so don't mad. Their argument is like abortion, it was once Federal law but then it became state law. So the Federal Government decides to abolish all abortions except the medical one where one life jeopardize the other. And the majority or minority of states don't want it but the Federal Government says sorry but its morally just. That there would be overreach of the government's power despite how morally just it is.  But as you said it really was mainly about wanting to keep slaves and not pay them or anyone else to work and not see them as human.
okay, but ya got to admit the flags design is absolutely fire, shame it means something bad
If there was no war tho would the south have eventully changed like in most places, where mechanization took over from physical manual labor which was cheaper and more relable than forcing ppl to work🤔  Who knows, mabey not they might have been like libya or pakistan are today and still have slavery🤨🤔
I suppose none of it matters.
Morally correct, but at what price?
America can only look good compared to the most evil regimes
The Confederate States of America was right.
As a Texan, I agree
Very nice 👍👍
Awesome
it seems like the confederacy was a very dark grey
E
Can I get a "Burn it again, General Sherman" in the chat
I've officially found my new favorite video
As a proud South Carolinian, nothing makes me happier than seeing the legacy of this traitorous group of assholes get exposed for what they really are. EDIT: Expose might not be the right word. Anyone with an ounce of decency could already see that they were scum.
A lot of history was grey, especially wars. The Civil War was soooooo not one of the grey ones.
Living on the other side of the globe I dont know anything about Civil war. What i do know though is that bad moments of history should still be remembered in order to keep them all in the past. People will know why confederates are bad only if they remember who were those "traitors" and what were they fighting for.
It’s a little more complex than that because you have to understand two things one how things were run back then and two you have to put yourself in the mindset of somebody raised by a product of their environment back then and there’s a lot of different shit. People lived through back in those days.
What's the song at the end?
I WISH I WAS IN BALTIMORE 🔥🔊
sore losers club
THIS IS TRULY A [100% OFF BUY NOW] [ANIMATED PROGRAM]!!!
Federal regulations would have absolutely no authority if the states had the capacity to just leave. Weed, abortion, gay marriage, public services and funding, transportation infrastructure, water rights, virology response, and everything else the feds can't do right would go down to a state level, where it could be handled better, faster, more efficiently, or ignored entirely if you prefer, and if it isn't, you could just leave. The consolidation of power is only beneficial during war time, and not a single second longer.  Also, slavery didn't end with the civil war, economic viability and international pressure is what actually killed it in America, so we just started importing the slave labor. The tablet you drew this animation with, and the computer you posted it with were made with slave labor, they were shipped on a boat constructed from parts made from slave labor, and when they break and you throw them away, they're likely be sent back to those poor countries to sit in a pile and pollute their drinking water. At least the 1800's British had the balls to financially support their virtue signaling, instead of just trying to profit off it.
What a world we live in where this is a controversial statement
it was to ignore the northern financial laws and slavery was a big part of it. the south is not much different than many other countries on a similar timeline, just had some very eager opposition.
Lol
"State's rights to do what?" "It isn't all about slavery." "Strange, I never mentioned slavery, so why are you preemptively arguing that it wasn't about slavery?"
States don't have rights, people do
First of all, fuck the Confederacy. Anyone who flies that flag is a piece of shit. That being said, the states rights that were being fought for were mostly about taxes and disagreement with federal laws. People from Virginia weren't too happy with the idea of their taxes going to bail out northern states like New York after running up a huge debt. The federal vs states law argument is something that still holds true today as something people find worth fighting for, and if you don't believe that all I have to say is... abortion and gun laws.  So the States rights argument COULD make sense... But fuck those guys. It's like saying that the Nazis were fighting for animal rights and anti smoking laws. Technically true, but not exactly the whole picture.
No state, nor corporation, nor individual has any kind of "right" to treat human beings like property. In the whole history of the world that has been true regardless of what any law or religious text may claim. Get mad kids, your parents are fucking you over.
Please also remember that their constitution enshrined slavery.
>Lost the only war they ever fought >Owned slaves >Rural >Revolted against the US government and lasted longer than they should have despite the massive industrial gap >Get BTFO by Sherman and Grant using total war tactics >held onto economically inefficient ways of life because "muh tradition" >200 years later, still bitching and whining about how the US oppressed them and people don't respect their heritage. Video unrelated, I'm talking about Native Americans
The confederacy when Atlanta Burns down
To be fair, they also had concerns over tariffs, the location of the US capital as compared to the rest of the country, and diluted representation in Washington because of the growing population of the North.  And while all of those are valid concerns that every one should have regarding the power of the federal government, they soon become invalid when one of those concerns includes whether or not you get to keep the right to own people.
Every conservative movement for the past 100+ years has ultimately been about wanting to run the entire country like a plantation, with a handful of ultra wealthy people on top, and serfs below them who can be treated like cattle. The non-wealthy, rank & file rubes who support it do so because they're hoping to get to be overseers because cracking the whip and using the boot to stomp on a human face is fun.
This is the best TLDR for "Checkmate, Lincolnites" ever
It also had a tad bit to do with the taxation of plantations exporting goods but it was mainly about states rights to self determine on issues. Like slavery
So true. "States Rights"=SLAVERY.  CSA is DEAD. Kindly lie the fuck down & decompose thyself.
Nice
Weirdly enough, same thing happens with Germans and WW2.
A lot of butthurt traitors in the comments
0:48 you’re*
Based
It's funny how the confederacy is called a traitor I mean yes they are, but... The usa kinda betrayed france eho helped them against the br*tish by not paying them back
Nothing quite as patriotic as mocking the confederates, An American tradition since 1861
I love when CSA Fudds start trying to "educate you" and you source the various Articles of Secession from each of the states which nearly all clearly mention Slavery or the inteference by the Fed in regards to Slavery as their primary complaint and reason. And then they get suddenly very quiet
States right to secede, this is extra ironic considering America was a British colony that seceded and fought and then prevented others from doing the same lol
. Bb. B... M
State rights to be a state. There you go. The US wasn't meant to function with the topdown Federalist bullshit bureaucracy we have now. If the fed had come in and enforced the right of the southern states to maintain slaves you'd be singing a completely different tune about them.
I love the confederacy flag it's only just one color 🏳🏳🏳🏳🏳🏳🏳
I just realized that Teen Titans Go! lasted far longer then the confederacy.😂
avalanche of soy & coal
I missed you
Ik they wanted to have slavery and shit but some of the music they be makin is good ngl
I want a loop of like the last 9 seconds.
How about the dukes of hazard?
Can I get some examples of the death threats sent to you for that 9 second clip?
Bootlickers
You cant even use the "State's rights" argument because the South complained to the federal government about their slaves running away which led to the Fugitive Slaves Act.  AKA the South *USED* the federal government to try and enforce slavery across the rest of the country even free states
Confederate: You are bad!  Union: No, you are bad!  The rest of the whole world: You two sucks.
"A State's right's to own gardening tools."  That being said, I love being on the winning side.
Idk why I was recommended this but this one is going in the cringe compilation for sure. Absolutely baffling that such clueless people as the video maker and those in the comments live among us lmao. For any who might have an open mind, look up the slave power conspiracy and try to step outside of your own worldview for just a moment.
I reported this video.
If you listen real carefully you can hear Tyrone plowing Doobus' wife
As a texan yeah fuck slavery if i could time travel i would fuckin erase anyone who supported it immediately no one has any right to supress anyones freedom to force them to do anything  I work out of a want to because i love my job and my amazing boss and coworkers and because it helps me improve   I FUCKIN HATE SLAVERY
THE ANNOYING ORANGE PART GOT ME 😂
I have been doing my level best to try to drive this video's views up past the one million range.
Well for one to support their own infrastructure instead of having it handled federally. That was actually one of the big issues that started the dominos.
Bet you didn't know the north had far more slaves than the south,it's only right to hate on them cause the victor writes the history
Is this a strawman? because i've seen a lot of people tout these arguments, so its not like this isnt being said, but at the same time he's not calling someone specific out, just kind of a general group...  idk, i've never liked debates or arguments, Video is funny and Union Dixie is funnier. Good video.
*Atun-Shei has entered the chat*
Way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alagators, right away!
Fantastic choice of music.
4.8k people have confederate flags.
awesome now let's take this energy and deal with the fact the US is the number one consumer of child pornography/ sex slavery and the fact that there are more slaves in existence today than there ever were in the South.
I'm confused, who exactly is saying the Confederacy was good? No one except like the few southerners or Klansmen living in South Carolina or Missisippi or Alabama. No one and I mean *NO ONE* I know is defending that stuff. So this comes off as a very safe but preachy video. Doobus Goobus hasn't seemed very political and while it is true that it makes sense from a moral standpoint OBVIOUSLY, it feels very forced as it just takes a popular opinion and poops on it. It's like I said "Nazism is Bad" or "9/11 was bad" and I would get tens of thousands of likes. Yeah like no shit dude
As a lil man who lives in the south I find this okay but it’s funny
Love that you drew Lincoln like how he is in Clone High
Slavery is not evil  Is a grey area
The development of Zelda Breath of the Wild lasted longer than the confederacy.
Democrats, the Slave Party, never abolished slavery but they do take 40% of your labor earnings today.
Doesnt matter the south wanted OUT AND THE NORTH STARTED A GENOCIDE its really that simple. Prejudge all you want. Because thats ALL YOU GOT. You werent there and the only people otherwise teaching about it ALSO want you to change genders.  Point made.
It's true, Hamilton > Jackson. Now, arrest all the politicians in Sanctuary States and Marijuana Legal States you CONFEDERATE SCUM
i just dont like black people
He used the Clone High Lincoln lol
Meanwhile the US still having slavery but instead a legalised version within the prison system..... (Source: 13th amendment of the US................)
Rebel scum.
Nothing instills more patriotism than a disstrack aganist sister bangers.
i'm sorry the title of this video is so funny like yeah it was??
Nobody with 8 brain cells defends the confederacy, it's literally up there with flat earth, but the lefty circle jerk in these comments is just as bad lol
You know slavery still exists right.
All this except Lincoln made it abundantly clear he wasn’t going to abolish slavery and even said so in his commencement. In reality the north had elected a president that hasn’t gotten a single vote (wasn’t in the ballot) in all but two of southern states and on top of that the government had over the year became more tyrannical. Slavery is abhorrent and it’s sad I can’t make a factual statement without that caveat like what idiot needs to hear it’s bad all the time? Also I gotta say Robert e lee was offered first command of the whole Union army but turned it down. He was a brilliant man and was also against slavery but think for a second you’re living in 1800 America and it was brand new,  most Americans saw themselves as residents of their state first and foremost. So when the government said I’m declaring war on Virginia, where your home is. Your family. Your wife’s family. Everything you hold dear and it’s a line in the sand are you fighting your brother ? Your sister ? Your father cousin the man who brings your mail his son the milk man ? I think it’s nonsense that a great man like Robert e lee is dragged through the mud.
Oh god, he's become political ABORT SHIP!
Welp, I'm not a southern apologist or anything, but to anyone genuinely curious about the claim: the South was facing tariffs and taxation rates they really didn't like, but couldn't vote to change because the North strongly outnumbered them politically. This started a debate about whether or not a state was an independent country in a union, essentially, which they could choose to leave if it became unprofitable for them, or were more like a province in a country, that couldn't just ditch if they didn't like the federal laws. That's what people refer to when they say, in that sense, it was a war over "the United States are" and "the United States is". Are we a collective, like the EU, or a country with regions, like France?  That's not at all to say slavery wasn't involved. Looking at contemporary rhetoric, a lot of the reasons the South rebelled was because they were afraid the North was going to take away slavery, which was a crutch to their economy. And it was a more brutal kind of slavery than has been practiced for most of history as well, few other nations were as cruel and careless about their slaves as the South.  I just think there's something valuable in understanding a situation. I know it's the internet and all, but it would be nice to have an event where people could really know what happened without oversimplifying it, to have one thing where people could slow down and actually think about something. Idk, do with that information what you will.
Never trust someone who says that the vice president made the confederacy
i like how he switches to a british accent for like 2 lines
The Florida DoE is the guy on the left.
Just because there're often shades of grey doesn't mean black and white evil and good can't exist either, why does that seem so tough for folks to understand?
The thing is: Confederacy States quit because of slavery but they had the right to quit. US ignored that right. So essentially it was a war for the right to quit. But yeah, Southern States quit because they were slaver states.
Confederates talking about "northern agression" is like Germans talking about "polish agression" or "czech agression". Yea northern agression, south just started bombing first
If anyone is interested a person remixed the ending song and it slaps. That and the remix about the ww2 battleship the bismark.
Guy on the stool reminds me of Captain K'nuckles with his hat
based video
The friggin' Soviet Union lasted longer than the Confederacy.
The love held for the confederate (rebel) flag has always confused me. Like they lost. Why hold onto a looser flag. You nailed it on the head doobus.
I mean if you consider everything morally grey then of course yes, slavery isn't evil.
I wait longer for a new Diana Gabaldon book than the Confederacy existed.
I've been waiting for Elder Scrolls 6 longer then the confederacy's lifespan
Confederacy supporters would have eaten that pie. Iykyk.
I had a fairly similar experience. I have a friend who’s father is from the south and had a semi-different take on the CW. He told me this dozens of times, and finally, I pushed back.  “It wasn’t about slavery or states rights. The south went to war for economic reasons.” Me: Oh, really? What economic reasons? My friend: …………….😅 Me: Seriously I hear you say this constantly for over a decade now, but you never elaborate. What economic issues were there? After an awkward silence, he had the gall to say: Well…slavery isn’t even an economic issue. Not only is that WILDLY inaccurate, but I said, “That’s not an answer to the question. I didn’t ask what WASN’T one of the economic issues by not qualifying as one. I asked what they were! He got quiet and I took the opportunity to explain how slavery was indeed an economic issue. He’s never said it since.
Nice day
The wait for Kingdom Hearts 3 was longer than the Confederacy's
Fun fact: Lincoln wasn't initially goign to abolish slavery for he feared it would damage the union, but the onfederate rebellion convinced him he had to ban it to prevent a second civil war. The confederates unitentionally banned slavery in their attempt to save it.
Slavery isn't evil, change my mind
🍊🍊🍊
Technically, it WAS about State Rights, and the problems of allowing States to decide to void Human Rights at any time they saw fit.|  America still has slavery. Its called the For Profit prison system,, the police force that is irreversibly entangled with fascism like the Proud Bois and Oath Keepers, and the two-caste system perpetrated by your faux-religious political leaders giving massive tax breaks and billion-dollar bail-outs to the absurdly wealthy.  Vote. Vote. Vote. Because unless you do, the overturning of Roe V Wade and the George Floyd Riots will the least of your concerns. The bigots are rising once more, and this time they've learned their lessons from the last few times they got waffle-stomped back into the muck.
The 4th of July is a celebration of secession.
The development of GTA 6 was longer than the confederacy
They didn't even rebel to keep their slaves. No one wanted to take them, they rebelled because no one was allowing them to expand slavery to the territories.
You know that people do not actually know anything about their "heritage" when they can't even use the correct flag of their short lived rebelion
Slavery really was horrible. America would be a great, peaceful and safe nation if the trans Atlantic slave trade never happened.
This entire comment section is just a massive circle jerk. The only con to American Slavery was that it brought black people to America
I think the "traitor" argument against the Confederates is questionable, because the whole idea of national loyalty is questionable. I think nations tend to suck and it is sometimes a good idea to betray them. The United States, even in its non-slavery areas, sucked. However, the Confederacy was created first and foremost to defend slavery-- a viciously oppressive system of violence, abuse, and rape. Indeed, American Southern slavery was worse than many historical forms of slavery (all of which were already very bad). The neo-Confederate revivals (and the creation of its generals' statues and veneration of its flags, etc.) were also created largely out of post-civil-war anti-integration campaigns of white supremacism, too. So yeah, fuck the Confederates.
The wait for City winning the champions league was longer then the confederacys life span
You can do the same thing when people talk about the supposed superiority of Nazi German technology by just asking "But why'd they lose though?"
It was a thing in Starcraft until the Dominion?
What gets me too is that for all their arguments about being oppressed and such, we HAD a peaceful cessation! AND they started the war! They keep wanting to frame it like they were the underdog getting bullied and that's why it's important to remember... when THEY were the total asshats.  Lol
It was slavery but slavery was the south’s economy and cash crops were a big part of the United State’s money as a whole. So it being economic made it about a multitude of shit under the umbrella of slavery. Same as housing in the 2000’s there was a lot of things individually happening but all stemmed from a market collapse.
Shame though that people constantly use the confederacy to justify the disproportionate increase in Federal power over the years and the slow weakening of the states. Just because the confederacy was wrong and they were using the states rights argument for bad ends that didnt hold up even back then, doesn't mean there isnt a power imbalance and that the states shouldn't have more power.
The only one
The founding  "truth" of Confederacy which can be seen in many prosperous and technologically advanced black nations like South Africa, South Sudan, Eritrea, Somalia, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Zimbabwe, etc. As morally repugnant as Confederacy was, they don't seem to be proved exactly wrong even nearly 200 years after the fact.  And of course, USA will be allowed to sample this truth first hand when its culture and cities will erode further and hit that sweet South African decline. But this will be no surprise to anyone I'm sure.
That "you fucking traitor" felt personal and im here for it.
Why the hell are people even supporting a failed country that liked slavery in the first place?
You should do pooh as god
>Gets caught grooming minors >Bashes the CSA to save face  You don't fool me bro
You know what DIDNT last longer than the Confederacy? Trump's presidency 💅  These guys sure have a knack for backing failures.
You just bought this black guy's sub and bell
the PlayStation 2 lasted way longer than the confederacy.
"Slavery is wrong" nuh uh. If it was so wrong how come my slaves aren't complaining 😎
CSA: "It took us a lot of time and effort to show everyone that we fought against oppression and for States' rights. Plus, you weren't even alive back then and you aren't from the South, so how would you know?" "Okay, I hear you...Counterpoint: you wanted slavery to be okay."  CSA: "Oh, so all of a sudden, that justifies you making fun of us?" "In every conceivable way."
This was a great punchy vid. Very succinct and funny. But when the green guy first spoke I coulda sworn you got Noddle (the animator noodlefunny) to do that voice.
I mean I agree here, but what pisses me off about the "HURR CONFEDERACY BAD" are those idiots pulling down historical monuments just because the person depicted was a part of it. SLAVERY isn't why they were erected, it was for entirely unrelated things that contributed to bettering their community - and even if it was related to slavery, keep that shit standing.   Let it be a testament to the fucked part of your nation's history, and as we Aussies say on Anzac day "Lest we forget". And what happens when you forget? History will repeat itself as it has countless times for those who have never learnt from it.
Ah yes, “The confederacy was bad”… no shit Sherlock
I'm developing a brain tumor reading whataboutisms over Lincoln's lack of innocence when Lincoln was brought up exactly 0 times in the video. Also, political oportunism? Still not as bad as slavery. Sorry.
States rights to leave the nation, and to set our own tax policies. Lincoln was a whig and mercantilist and apprentice of corrupt piece of shit, Henrey Clay.  Lincoln also supported and possibly authored the Corwin amendment, which would BAN GOVERNMENT FORCED ABOLITION, and he stated he had ZERO intent to end slavery.  His addresses to congress and his first inauguration even stated he intended war...for TAXES.  Slavery didnt even come into question until Lincoln was losing the war so badly he had to reframe the war with the Proclamation which freed exactly ZERO slaves. But it did allow west virginia to rejoin as a slave state and allow already controlled parts of Louisianna to have slaves. Ironically the south offered to end slavery with either recognition or end of the blockade form any european nation, crediting them as the liberators of the slaves.   And lets not forget that during this Lincoln violated the constitution constantly. He violated every single right including the unlawful suspension of habeas corpus. He had Tens of thousands of political prisoners, most of whom were politicians and journalist merely critical of him. ANd not even his war effort. He deported a wisconsin politicians for criticizing his TAX policy.   So nice try Doobus. But to someone who understands history, this strawman, or entire fake coversation doesnt work because Slavery was not at risk under Lincoln until AFTER he started the war. And everything i said is fully documented, none of it is made up. A large chunk of the sources are from Lincolns own writings and documents of the white house.
The state's right to abduct people in another state.
Not everyone in the cofederacy even owned slaves Most couldn't even afford them as they were sharecroppers that didn't even have their own land,the wealthy plantation owners were the ones that owned the majority of black,italian and irish slaves and they forced all the poor sharecroppers and smaller farmers on their land to fight on their behalf,meaning these retards couldn't even fight their own battles,they wanted slavery so bad but didn't even have the guts to fight for it themselves...
The most positive light the Annoying Orange will ever be used in is when it's being compared with slavery
the wait for Metroid Prime 4 is currently longer than how long the confederacy lasted
I have a video idea:warhammer space marines be like
The confederacy was right
Now hold on just a minute. The evils of the confederacy *do not* absolve the evils of the union. We get enough of that sort of thinking in the colleges tricking people that just because the communists were against the fascists that made communists the good guys. Like, no, that’s not at all how it works.  That’s the point of studying history to not repeat it, not just blindly saying “these guys were the bad guys because they did bad things” each side does their own evils, otherwise you’d never convince enough manpower to fight your wars
If there was a ultra-conservatuve republican led federal government you would understand why states rights are so important.
"away down south in the land of traitors, rattle snakes and alligators"
I dunno why, when he mentioned Annoying Oramge, I genuinely got haunted because I thought I got rid of that fucker 5-6 years ago. Any way, yeah FUCK THE CONFEDRATES
All those comments made me regain some faith in humanity, greetings from Mexico.
Fbi stats in blacks. Enough said. Slavery was right
lol, your country was literally founded by people who owned slaves
Ik hitler wasnt a slave owner but i feel like that lil knucklehead would get along w the ceo of the confederates or whatev…. Absolute battleaxes those 2
i've watched this video 10 times in the last few days it doesn't get any worse every time i watch it lol
Gay marriage and sex changing surgery have both separately been legal in the United States longer than when the confederacy has been around.
Slavery was perfectly legal at the time. You cannot judge the past with a modern lens. The Confederacy did nothing wrong. The federal government no longer represented them and had no interest in protecting their rights, so they chose to no longer participate in that government, which they had a constitutional right to do. It is also worth noting that Lincoln inherited a cessation crisis and CAUSED the cessation of the southern States with unfair and unreasonable tax laws. The Civil War wasn't about slavery until Lincoln made it about slavery with the Emancipation Proclamation . . . which failed to free a single slave. Hell, Lincoln even EXCORIATED one of his own generals, John Fremont, for actually freeing slaves in the territory he captured. Slavery in the U.S. was a complex issue, and the federal government had no authority to abolish it.
If I ever want to die, I’ll just walk through the Deep South singing Union Dixie and see how it’ll take to get shot
This is my favorite video ever
did you know that abraham lincoln ordered the execution of 40 native american men defending their homeland from colonizers? doesn't make him look so good now does it.
I ❤ U
it was also stupid inefficient as well, you have to be stupid rich for it too work in the south, so slavery was literally losing them money and cotton was found in Egypt and other areas of Aisa...so slavery was only for cotton too and it was not profitable for them at all since they LITERALLY DEPENDED ON A COTTON MONOPLOY
states rights to do your mom
Slavery bad? Then why founding fathers allow it? Checkmate Yankee
The Confederacy lasted 1550 days. If you live to 100, you'll have spent roughly a quarter of that on the toilet.
Only us, white / european folks can understand the true pain and suffering of our nations. The constant war, nonsense killings, driven by greed, but at the same time, defending your homeland from the non-white ottomans and mongol hordes, being hopeful, keeping your faith, uniting under one banner, for a better future.  Today, this is the same, but on a larger scale. The fight never stops, it just changes scenery.  Greetings and blessings to all my white brothers and sisters!
Did you know that Abraham Lincoln excluded Missouri, Kentucky, Delaware, and Maryland from the Emancipation Proclamation? Which meant that he only illegalized slavery in the confederate states. You know, THE STATES WHICH WERE NO LONGER PART OF THE UNION. He also did a number of other oppressive things, such as: -Denying the rights of citizens he was sworn to protect -Suspending the writ of Habeas Corpus -Closing courts by force -Arresting citizens and elected officials without legitimate cause -Raising troops without the consent of Congress -Closing down newspapers whose writers displayed any dissent to U.S. policy  Yeah, there might be more legitimate reasons to dislike the north than "dar har they takin our slaaaaaves"
Even Guitar Hero (2005-2010) outlived the Confederacy.
Well way down south in the land of traitors!
This is the dumbest nonsense I've ever seen. "The confederacy was bad" but the North was undeniably worse. I mean, when you accuse Jews of conspiring with the enemy and then forcefully relocate them... you really can't call yourself the good guys. Oh, and slaughtering Natives, yeah, not exactly better than slavery. But then you Lincolnists do love to just make s**t up.
The funniest thing about the "confederate flag" is it isn't even the confederate flag but a civil war memorial flag made a good number of years after the fact from an element of a confederate battle flag blown up to a full on flag which made the sudden artificial controversy about it being used in media and sold at souvenir shops a few years ago ridiculous. They couldn't even get a proper flag in the 4 years they existed.  The hollywoodification of the civil war is messed up but also slavery is messed up and putting citizens at war with each other over some weird slave tax economy shit is also messed up. The civil war in general is just messed up that's not even touching on the crazy petty warcrime kinda stuff some people did during it. My point is if you want your country to survive maybe don't send people to death over the slave economy thing.
The Doritos Locos Tacos lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Amazing
Team fortress 2 lasted 3x longer than the confederacy. Let that sink in.
I will address concerns to these because I can say the confederacy was and is bad for that one particular reason you cannot say any other matter was useless because less then 5% of the southern population had slaves or were illiterate at that time. Not everyone agreed on things but one of the other reason that they seceded was for states right on how locals laws reached and federal did also. So the fact that is not even talked about does not make sense like here is an example for you did you know that majority if the states that form the confederacy seceded before Abraham Lincoln was the president and it was by years not days or months. These is just food for thought because does who forget the past are doomed to repeat it.
Sherman left some unfinished business
Its funny how neo-confederates literally cherry-pick historical aspects to revile their fascist little dystopia
Why did you all think Texans rebelled from Mexico lol?
Abraham Lincoln: “We fight this war for tax revenue”  The South was fighting for the right to deny a law being enforced that they did not want; the North fought for the tax revenue they would’ve lost from the South seceding  Neither of them were good. No country is good
How brave of you to say this
It is a shame, State's Rights is actually a good concept that's been tarnished by a bunch of traitorous slavers looking to abuse it.
States’ right to self-govern. You know, so they could make it legal to keep slaves.
Tell me you don't understand the background of the Civil War by making a cartoon.... accomplished. It's quite easy to make a case if you want to ignore 90% of the contemporary evidence to do so. I'm not a Southerner, but I am an historian of American history and it's the lack of intellectual honesty that is worse than the sins of the Confederacy because they were at least honest about it at the time.
I love you adding fucking Frederick Douglass at the end. Perfect
Strawberry shortcake is more of a part of our history than the confederacy was...
The only reason for the confederacy to exist is because I need to keep america from committing dday because Barbarossa is way too much of a headache to deal with another front.
I fucking love this so much
As a kansan 2 things annoy me.  First, the lost cause.    Im equally annoyed by the 'lincoln and the union fought to end slavery'  They sat idly by for decades as kansas burned in the fight against this evil practice.  The union didnt do a damn thing until secession threatened their tax revenue.
one of the few situations where im patriotic as FUCK 🦅🦅🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
As a former Confederacy support and active (even then) not racist, the argument usually means states rights to not be ruled by a central government.  Obviously, as I had learned and deconverted, it was mostly to defend slavery and the states right to protect it.
Very few things in history are black and white, yeah, but the American civil war is one of those few things
Slaves were the #1 economic factor back then in the South, you can see why they didnt wanna abolish their number one income source
Only complaint here is that you should have given the green guy the southern accent to emphasis that even most southerners aren't this stupid.
Confederacy is bad, but white people did create the first laws known to outlaw slavery and if they weren't scientifically the first race, then they weren't the first to have slaves.🤷
In 8th grade I was lucky enough to have a history teacher Mr Crowder. He made sure to teach us in detail how slavery was the most evil thing that we have done as a society. When talking about the civil war he told us that the civil war was fought over slavery and anyone who tells you otherwise is a sore loser. He was one of the best teachers I ever had.
Hey bro, love your videos. Just hope you know that Lincoln only issued the Emancipation Proclamation *because* he wanted to win the Civil War. He didn't care all that much about slavery.
From now on, if someone talks positively about the confederacy, I will be pointing out that the annoying orange lasted longer.
“Boy the confederacy sure looks slavery-adjacent at least.” LMAO
comparing the Annoying Orange to the Confederate army is very strange. that's like saying bugs bunny existed longer then Nazi Germany. because any cartoon character is gonna exist forever. an army is not gonna last. you win or lose.
I went and listened to the Union version of the Dixie after this and it's a fucking banger.  I kinda wish my country had a song that makes fun of the Conservatives now...
I see someone’s been watching checkmate lincolnites lately (same though)
0:42 Clone High Abe Lincoln on the left.
Slavery bad
My cat is living longer lol
Okay, but consider: the Midwest states were more eager to beat up the confederacy before it was officially a war to abolish slavery. We just wanted to show that the southern states were stupid idiots.
My school actually taught the Lost Cause Myth. I'm glad I didn't buy into that and realised it was BS.
South Carolina's Declaration of Secession: "...all the States north of that line have united in the election of a man to the high office of President of the United States, whose opinions and purposes are hostile to SLAVERY. He is to be entrusted with the administration of the common Government, because he has declared that that "Government cannot endure permanently half slave, half free," and that the public mind must rest in the belief that slavery is in the course of ultimate extinction... The SLAVEHOLDING States will no longer have the power of self-government, or self-protection, and the Federal Government will have become their enemy."  Mississippi's Declaration of Secession: "...position is thoroughly identified with the institution of SLAVERY- the greatest material interest of the world. Its labor supplies the product which constitutes by far the largest and most important portions of commerce of the earth."  Texas's Declaration of Secession: "We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States, and of the confederacy itself, were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race, and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable."  "... that the SERVITUDE of the African race, as existing in these States, is mutually beneficial to both bond and free, and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind, and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator."  Confederacy's VP Alexander Stephens: "The new Constitution has put at rest forever all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar institutions--African SLAVERY as it exists among us--the proper status of the negro in our form of civilization. This was the immediate cause of the late rupture and present revolution [...] The general opinion of the men of that day [Revolutionary Period] was, that, somehow or other, in the order of Providence, the institution [slavery] would be evanescent and pass away [...] Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that SLAVERY, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."  The Confederacy itself banned its members from one thing.   "While the U.S. Constitution has a clause that states "No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed," the Confederate Constitution also added a phrase that explicitly protected slavery: Article I Section 9(4) No bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law denying or impairing the right of PROPERTY IN NEGRO SLAVES shall be passed."  In fact, the Confederate states LOST several rights they previously held in the Union.   -States lost the right to determine if foreigners can vote in their states: Article I Section 2(1) as mentioned above. -States also lost the ability to restrict the rights of traveling and sojourning slave owners: Article IV Section 2(1) as mentioned above. (Many Southerners were already of the opinion that the U.S. Constitution already protected the rights of sojourning and traveling slave owners and that the Confederate Constitution merely made it explicit.) -The Confederate Congress could determine taxes between states. Article I Section 9(6) No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported from any State, except by a vote of two-thirds of both Houses.   In fact, the Confederate government heavily utilized the Supremacy Clause, especially when the war was ongoing.   So secession was definitely not about slavery and about state's rights, correct? By banning the states from abolishing slavery and taking away their rights.
Democrats before the civil war voted for slavery rather against it. Fast forward to 1993 Democrats choose to let China in the wold trade and since Democrats can't have slave in USA they ask China to invade Tibet. Fast forward  to 2020 China have slavery.
-Can't wait till this hits a million views!- EDIT: It happened!
Slight technicality. During his campaign Lincoln stated that he wouldn't abolish slavery, just to ban it from spreading to newly admitted states.
Imagine 1:18 in a history textbook in 50 years
Its one of those instances where they were technically right in princible, they just had to worst fucking argument imaginable for makeing the point.
as a northerner living in the south this warms my heart "the war of norther aggression" lmao
"also to anyone saying "The union was bad too". true, but they weren't the ones keeping slavery going lol." ~ Doobus Goobus   Who going to tell him that the emancipation proclamation only applied to southern states that seceded and was a bid to try to incite riots in the south to pull troops from the front line....only for it to backfire when Slaves in New York did that very thing the riots where put down by northern soldiers pulled from the front line under Lincoln Orders....both sides of this war sucked
Your title is certainly not a controversial opinion😂
Owning slaves directly contradicts (New Testament) Christian values, I don't know what's so hard about just trying to say that you wanted a Confederacy just without the slavery part or wanting it SPECIFICALLY for the slavery part. Do those people just not exist?  Though mocking how short the new nation lasted is dumpy because, it still lasted longer than the USA's service in WW1 and a bunch of other things, so it's philosophically dubious. If a country's independence from Moscow only lasted 4 years, would we criticize it for not being a Sufficient Duration?
I can almost respect it more when they say it’s their “heritage.” Still awful, but at least they’re not pretending it’s a debatable topic. They’re just like “yeah well ya know, it’s like our thing or whatever.” It’s dumb, but it’s not trying not to be
I need to see the number of dislikes, just curious
the clone high abe lincoln 😭
I am. Blindingly angry that the algorithm decided to not show me this gem until today, considering how hard i enjoy binging doobus' videos
Make a sequel to the morshu videos because of the arzette trailer
I could go into the MULTIPLE court cases that tried to restrict Freedmen's rights, restrict the north's states laws that tried to restrain the South's federal overreach, and the fact that the South WANTED TO FUCKING CREATE A CHATTEL SLAVERY SYSTEM WHERE THE CHILDREN OF THE SLAVES, EITHER BY LOVE OR RAPE, WOULD BE FORCED TO WORK!! I took 2 history classes over this era with one of the best college professors ever AND DEAR GOD DID I NEED A DRINK AFTER EVERY SESSION!!
lmao at "Get Douglassed"
All the racists got angry on my man’s Twitter, that’s rough
whats the name of the song in the end
I mean in their defense, slavery would inevitably fall - even in an independant Confederacy. It just aint profitable. Perhaps if that happened, the South may have had a higher standard of living than it does today, as they'd need to develop home-grown medical solution to disease, and better infastructure for economic reasons.
John Brown did nothing wrong.
Este video ayuda a pensar sobre lo realmente importante en la historia. Muy bueno.
Let's see they are like "triple" losers in history, couldn't manage to evolve their economy and way of life. Yet, we still have to honor these people with participation trophies in the form of statues, naming of public facilities & spaces, and honor their careers through public holidays and acknowledgement...for basically being seditionists and traitors, totally violating the constitution in almost every way imaginable.
States rights to govern themselves. It's literally as simple as that.  As an edit. Lincoln did not express opinions of wanting to abolish slavery where it already existed. He said this in his inaugural address, and reiterated it many times. To say States constitutions allowing slavery meant it was only slavery would also mean States like Maryland, Missouri, Kentucky, and Delaware were all fighting for slavery because they allowed it, despite being Union States. Your video is uneducated trash.
0:45 visually this is my favorite bit in the whole animation, so fucking funny the way he hovers over the other guy
I'm probably wrong but maybe some of the threats were because they saw the confederate flag and assumed you supported them then again I could be wrong     Edit even if you have the flag there people still shouldn't send death threats
There's lots of states rights other than slavery? What a bafflingly stupid video.
Someone call Atun-Shei films, this man is about to steal his job
It’s not entirely inaccurate to say that the civil war had grey bits, I mean if you look at some of the things Union did were f’ed up, but obviously if you look at the governments’ agendas it come clear that the confederacy was bad, really bad
Got slapped so hard they had to call it the war of Northern aggression.
States rights to hold their own elections and prevent unwarranted and targeted taxations and tariffs from a more wealthy North. Also, Lincoln promised he wasn’t going to do away with slavery, only stop its expansion into the Western territories. The wealthy man in the south seceded for slavery. The majority population seceded because they couldn’t afford to put food on their plate because of the North. Nice straw man argument dude. Next time do some research.
I'm an Italian-American and tbh the American Civil War was not all about Slavery Taxation was also a thing there were a lot of Italian Immigrants that came to the states before or during the time period there were Italians on both sides of the war I had family on both sides aswell a distant cousin from New York who fought for the Union and a distant cousin from Louisiana who fought for the Confederacy my distant cousins didn't want to fight but they had to anyway since they were drafted my distant cousin from Louisiana his family never supported slavery he could've handed himself over to the Union and defected but he died in the early months of the war I don't listen to our education systems I do my own research but please if your going to talk about the Civil War don't make slavery the main issue because Slavery wasn't the main cause
What other concerns 💀
Holy shit I’ve spent HOURS debating people on Youtube on this. I’m just gonna send them this  link from now on lmao
"the confederacy was bad"  "the sky is blue"
Think you confusing a disagreement on historical context with support for the fallen state.
The answer is taxes, Nice strawman tho
States right to own farm equipment
having gone to high school in the south after being raised in Washington State beforehand, the southern schooling system VERY MUCH drills into your head that "the civil war wasn't about slavery" and it felt VERY weird, especially when all the history professors are hardcore conservatives that would fully be the type to justify slavery by saying shit like "well some people actually wanted to be slaves"  🙄
There are still plenty of idiots who fly the flag way up north here in oregon.
Its embarrassing living in Pennsylvania seeing people fly confederate flags when union soldiers fought and died at Gettysburg just a few hours away
In high school we had a debate on slavery as part if our history class. I was unfortunately stuck having to argue the pro slavery side. It seemed like an impossible position to take so i was understandably annoyed. After diving into first hand accounts from slaves and what was happening politically i was infuriated, but not for the reason you think. The south actually had allot of reasons to secede other than slavery.   Reducing it all to that one issue is kind of like saying the movie titanic is about an iceberg. Sounds logical enough at first, then you do some research and find out about the olympic and all of a sudden ots a whole different story
Still can't believe people talk about the civil war like it's a current event. Like who cares, both sides (of the argument and union / confederate "fanboys") whine and piss and moan like they're better than one another. It's one of many distractions people get into while we have much bigger, current concerns than what side in the civil war was more "based" or "cringe". Everybody has a discord wannabe-intellect "um ackchyually" mindset these days   (This is not aimed at you Doobus, just at the people who are incessant about dumb shit lol)
Absolutely was about states rights, yes even a states right to do slavery and if northern states didn't want the south to keep with slave practices there was better ways of doing so. If the North had let the South separate they would have gotten rid of slavery WITHOUT committing genocide or involving the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people. The civil war is arguably the best case study in how to NOT end slavery, I cannot think of a bloodier conflict in human history to successfully end slavery in a nation. So either the civil war is about the failure of a tyrannical government to successfully negotiate the release of slaves (and all debts tied to them) at a time when many nations freed their slaves willingly or significantly less bloodily (such as the achievement of Haitian independence from the French) or it was the infringement of states rights as a whole and the issue of slavery was one of many reasons for secession
I like how the real abraham lincoln is literally just his clone high counterpart. Lmao
the "states rights" argument has been used alot lately....sounds confederacy-y
As a southerner and a Conservative Republican who wants to study and appreciate the nuances of History and how indeed yes many things throughout history are not black and white,   I approve this message
I am so glad I have to pause alot of the time because if I didn't I would have missed my new favorite quote: "Golly, that's fucking evil."😂😂😂
"If it's their heritage to; fly the confederate flag, it's our heritage to tear that motherfucker down" ~ my grandfather
taxes ive been told were also a part of the confederates concern which kinda makes sense if they simply didnt want higher taxes, and also wasnt there proof that people high up in the norths chain of command also had slaves
What's even funnier is that they don't even use the confederate flag. It's a flag associated with a part of the Confederate Navy, which outside of battle was used to capture escaped slaves.
The Democrats were Pro Choice then as well.
“Northern Aggression!”  (Proceeds to try and force Kentucky and other states to join the Confederacy)
The world is indeed full of grey, but there are moments when things are black and white
I wanna own my own slaves. Not gonna sugar coat it
This is true, American, patriotism🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
AMEN BROTHER
checkmate lincolnites if billy didn't pull punches
Well, we do have to realize some people were fighting about losing power to the banks, and a decent number of people didn’t actually want or accept slavery. But, the confederacy was clearly fighting for slavery as a whole.   It’s kind of the same as citizens not approving of getting into conflict but being drafted into it anyway, or else they would be labeled a traitor to the confederacy.
The Confederacy lasted less time than I have spent waiting at the DMV.
I like how terrified the guy gets when doobus just fucking **extends**
I don’t understand this video. Isn’t it common knowledge that the confederacy was bad? I feel like there’s no point to make this unless they’re back?
people have more of a right to fly isis flags than confederate ones.
And everyone just straight forgets (or cheers) Grant's war crimes.
day 1 of asking for you to animate ham sandwich spin
This is littlerly the best argument against a lost causer.
Let's also remember Lincoln let the power get to his head. The confederacy would have fallen on its own, but Lincoln considered leaving the Union treason.
Can’t wait for the comment that says “I used to like Doobus Goobus but now he’s just pushing an agenda”
First of all yeah slavery was bad but the confederacy fought for independence and in the future they would have just abolished it and usa was corrupt as it is now and you also have no rights to call the confederates traitors just because they left the union and csa actually has good music so check mate and finally the confederate soilders actually didnt know what they were fighting for the plantation owners convinced the soldiers that they fighting for slavery so yeah actual logic hits hard aint it? Get obliterated yankees the lords work will be achived dixie land forever
my mom was trying so hard to defend the confederacy without coming off as a racist yesterday 💀💀 Edit: oh yeah forgot to mention one of the excuses she used was “they didn’t have a good understanding of human rights back then so it was normal. not that it was GOOD, but you gotta understand their point of view”
The f'ing doritos locos taco from taco bell outlived the confederacy
I’m to emotionally attached to this
Based
The Cleveland show lasted the same amount of time
"traitors" dawg your cesspit was founded by traitors
The whole fighting for states rights thing is known as the myth of the Lost Cause! In reality the Confederacy fought to protect the institution of slavery as it even says so in their session documents! Mind them preserving slavery had just as much to do with white man's GREED as it did with RACISM! While I may be a Southerner (albeit one with a Yankee father), even I know the Confederacy were in the wrong as they fought to preserve an unjust system!
Only in America do people care about state rights more than human rights
To be fair slavery was their only way to complete with the north economicly since they were lagging behind in terms of industrialsasion and for that their economy sufferd. Slavery was basicly what kept their economy aflout from What i know. And no Ian not defending slavery just pointing out why they wanted to keep it.
Way down south in the land of traitors~
😂❤ I love this so much
Why did union states include slave states?
A state's right to allow abortion or ban abortion.
MARRY ME NOW!!!!
ignoring the fact the founding fathers of the UNITED STATES owned slaves, wasn't then the US also kind of built off of slavery like the south?
y'all mad about the past while your future is burning up in front of your eyes?  instead of youtube and tiktok did you ever read a book or do your own research and form your own opinion?  did you vote in your last local election?  do you improve your health or look out for your neighbors?  this comment section is much ado about nothing and tomorrow will bring a new thing to be pissy about and your dukes of hazard outrage will be forgotten like tide pods and the harlem shake
I fucking love this, I can’t stop watching
Man, do I get tired of all Southerners getting lumped into the same category as Nazis and blamed exclusively for all slavery for all time.  Southerners with the battle flag aren’t proud of the confederacy, they’re proud of the fighting spirit of the southerners. — Africans get to be proud of their heritage; depending on the country, they started the slave trade that came to America; Roman’s had slaves; Spartans had slaves; the English had slaves; China has slaves; the Soviets had slaves; all of them had slaves and more. Slavery is wrong everywhere at all times but somehow, the moment a southerner expresses some amount of pride in the tenacity of southerner’s fighting spirit, it’s suddenly all about inbreeding and racism.  At the time of the Civil War; most southerners didn’t even have slaves. Like less than 10% had anything of the sort. The southern government used doubled down on slavery to spite the northerners. I’m not saying there wasn’t racism but the “civil war was about slavery and absolutely nothing else at all” angle is such a blatant misreading of history that ignores the century of head butting between northern and southern colonies/states the preceded it.
Well… states rights to do what?
Lyrics to the song at the end:  Each Dixie boy must understand  That he must mind his Uncle Sam Away, (Away) Away, (Away) We'll all go down to Dixie!
Bruh the greatest insult is knowing the annoying orange lasted longer then you
0:40 lincolns sign is fucking amazing when you consider that he legit said he wasn't going to end slavery and even when he did, he only did it to cripple the south lol  edit: U USED THE WRONG FACKIN FLAG
Love the video. Give a thumbs up if you saw the sound of freedom, bringing awareness to modern slavery.
this whole video is nothing but bullshit why yes the vice president wanted slavery but not everyone did a lot of people succeeded and joined the confederacy was because the north was putting unfair taxes on the south and then on top of that before the war even started Grant would lead raids down south and just started burning places down and raping innocent women and children and Abraham Lincoln didn’t want to free the slaves he said that if he could win the war without freeing a single slave, he would do it the only reason why he even said that he was for freeing the slaves was to start up a slave revolt in the South which never happened the last and final thing I have to say is that the north was violating the constitution on multiple different levels  and the north said to the south  but if you would stay in country slavery would become a constitutional amendment and the south said no and I already know if someone is going to reply to this saying no you’re wrong you don’t know anything about the Civil War well, just so you know, I’ve been studying the war for 4 years
Now I wanna watch the Brady Bunch
That’s a good point, what fucking heritage??? The heritage of racism that outlived the confederacy
Yes slavery is evil, this we all agree
Subscription  acquired
East-Tennesseean here (we did NOT want to secede).  It was technically about both.  It was not yet federal law to do away with slavery, and northern states were not honoring southern state law by reporting and deporting slaves back south once they were discovered.  I agree morally it was important to free the slaves and do away with the rotten system of slavery… but it wasn’t legal until the amendment was passed 😅 mind you the confederacy wasn’t legal either lol  ✍️ edit:  absolutely hilarious video btw. Those “the south will rise again” dweebs are crazy
Why dont you read the memoirs of William tecumseh sherman then?
As someone who was raised in the south most people argued for confederate representation as a way of remembering history. Most southern folk don’t actually defend slavery and most people who waved a confederate flag (at least from what I knew) waved it to honor a dead ancestor. There are racist groups that very much agree with confederacy and argue this point, but most people don’t think this is the case. We defended the statues as a way of remembrance of what these people were like, who they chose to be, what they chose to do, what they chose to believe.   The greatest evil is the one people forget, for if we do not have the humility to recognize our errors we will never improve and grow past what we once were. There is a difference in honoring those who died in what was truly a tragic battle (brother turned against brother, father against son, families were torn apart and an unprecedented number of people for the time died on the battlefield, all for a cause that was selfishly motivated) and honoring their beliefs.   Now for some historical context that is usually left out, the north was almost fully industrialized and didn’t have any need for slaves to have a stable economy. The south however was highly agricultural, and lacked the resources to industrialize as the north had. This is where the argument comes from where people claim that the southern economy was dependent upon slavery. This however isn’t completely true. It was the wealthy who mainly owned slaves and they just so happened to also control the economy, so the common folk were basically being led by people who had everything to gain from the system as it was. This isn’t to say common folk didn’t own slaves period. They did, and there are plenty of accounts of that being the case. Additionally there were even black slave owners who argued for slavery, so don’t think this was just white people, no, it was everyone and anyone who could get in on it and had something to gain.  The southern people already had natural disdain for the north since there was a disparity in wealth for most people. The north tended to receive more trade even before the industrial age, not because they had more to trade, but simply because of location, they were closer to popular trade routes while also being on the Canadian border (French at the time, I think) . The only reason the south surpassed the north in wealth was thanks to slavery, but this all changed when the industrial age came. The north having more trade allowed to industrialize really easily and really quickly, and the south quickly lost its pull on the economy. This too fueled the war. Overall, years of arguing and bickering, growing differences and disparities all led to the civil war happening. So as to why individual people fought in the war, well, that’s more complicated, since slavery wasn’t the only motivation. Slavery however was definitely the biggest cause, and it was because without slavery the south would simply not be able to compete with the north economically. When the war ended hate continued to fill the south, the economy collapsed alongside many having died. The north took little effort to assist the south during this time, for the most part they actually neglected the south. This allowed the southern people to try and carry on their traditions. It is even debatable to say that the KKK was a symptom of the north taking zero action to look after the newly freed slaves. The south had to give reparations to freed slaves in the form of land and a mule. The north didn’t make sure the land was farmable so when these reparations were handed out, most of the slaves got terrible land and wound up selling both the mule and the land. Most went back to serving their previous masters, and the newly united country did absolutely nothing about this. Racism is an issue created and perpetuated by all of society, not just one part of it, and yes the issue is more complicated, but in all the wrong ways, in all the depressing ways.
I just love how he calls them fucking traders
If you really want to honor your heritage, I want to see a European colonial flag in the back of your 2 mpg pickup
Don’t forget John Brown, dude really went “Slavery? Not on my f*cking watch.”
“The confederacy was also fighting for their state rights and economic interests”  Yeah but how did they do it? What type of labor exactly? And what kind of property exactly?  There’s really no good argument, I respect their first amendment right to be proud… so I celebrate my first amendment right by saying how dumb they tend to be.
States' rights to bitch and moan for the next thousand years...
Fun fact that a handful of people know, Lincoln never wanted to free the slaves, and the civil war was fought over the separation of the south and north because of the silver and gold mines in Tennessee and Louisiana and originally the slaves were given to the confederates by the north and the one of the first slaves owners was a black man, everyone sees the Dixie flag and calls it racist but the north was the first to have slaves as said by Lincoln “if there was a way to take back the south without freeing the slaves I would do so” (along the lines of that) now I respect peoples opinions and their views on the confederate army and states back then but if you really look deep into it. Both sides are at fault for the same thing and the same reason. Both wanted the silver and gold mines along with coal mines. America is, was, always will be, fucking greedy for money and power, same with Canada except free healthcare. You can argue with me but if what I said bothers you so much, please cry me a sweater I need some more salt for my stew which I’ll serve to everyone anyway because I’m not a left wing woke ass frag lover.
Insanely based. I will never forget the day I came home from school in the South with some bullshit story about "Nawthurn Aggreshin" and my father, an Army veteran, immediately put pay to all of that horseshit. "Oh, the traitors?" was about the kindest thing he had to say.  The only thing Sherman did wrong was stop at the sea.
“It’s our heritage !!” My honest to god black ass reaction:
The Confederates had a point, yes, slavery is wrong and all that, but the US at the time was very unequal, the North was rich and industrialized and the South was poor and agricultural, with an economy based on the exploitation of slaves, it's like if you work in a coal mine and suddenly the government says "hey, coal contaminates so we're going to remove all the mines", obviously you'd be upset that they took away the main livelihood of millions of people, everything has to be seen in the context of the time (anyway, with the advent of machinery slavery would have ended eventually anyway, it was just a system destined to die)
I'll be honest in TikTok there's soo many videos of doobus goobus
The best part? Lincoln wasn’t even gonna abolish states rights.  The south was so scared that he would that they preemptively seceded and ATTACKED a union controlled fort because they wouldn’t give up their stockpile of ammo and weapons. Lincoln only made the war about slavery to ward off any potential aid given from foreign powers that wanted to see the US weakened. The foreign countries that had already abolished slavery. 😐  Edit: He wasn’t going to abolish slavery* not states rights. Look at me giving into the narrative 🤣
Correct
As a Republican, Abraham Lincoln was epic
My family flew a "fort Sumter flag" over 4th of July aka the the flag of the union during the civil war, just to balance out all the traitor flags around
A friend on discord was telling me that hell broke loose in another discord he’s in because this video was posted in the memes chat
States rights to representation, the main issue being that the majority of population in the south were slaves and weren’t counted (not that they could vote anyway) towards representation in congress, so often southern states were actually quite susceptible to WHATEVER the north wanted because the south didn’t have the voting power to to do anything about it, this is part of what lead to the 2/3 compromise in the first place, and as states came into the fold before the civil war started, like Texas for instance, as their ratification to join union was going on, each state was essentially asked *slavery* yes or no, and would be given the choice based on who got to that state first to gain majority representation among other things (and yes I’m oversimplifying that part because there’s layers to that issue) the civil war was not as black and white as Lincoln saying slavery bad and the confederate states breaking away, Lincoln was more concerned with preserving the union than ending slavery outright, he had wanted to do it slowly and tactfully but there were outspoken individuals who wanted it done rather quickly and caused problems and one who actually got into a verbal tiff with Lincoln about it and said do it now (again simplifying) and it was outliers like this fellow who was also violently confrontational that sparked powder kegs as well as the rush of settlers from both non slave and slave states to new territories to gain favor in congress through populational representation (IE Majority representation) which at times also became violent, the civil war is actually incredibly complex and has SIGNIFICANTLY more depth than just the south wanted slavery, and while it was certifiably an issue that there was slavery, the main reason Lincoln wanted to SLOWLY remove slavery was due to an elementary school level understanding of both politic AND economics, the south was DEPENDENT by that time, on slavery, many of the land owners who used the slaves wouldn’t have been able to afford OUTRIGHT to lose ALL of the labor force they had and start paying folks a salary, the abolishing of slavery was going to happen no matter what, but don’t be the fool who paints the civil as something so simple is JUST because of slavery, it ISN’T, am I saying the civil war made it happen faster, oh most definitely but it cost a whole hell of a lot more lives, and led to a great deal of cultural damage that in some cases even still to this day haven’t been repaired including racial discrimination, some things moving way too fast is often significantly worse than things moving slower, it’s just hard to say which would’ve been better, though personally I’d say war is never better than the peaceful solutions
In fairness, southern heritage doesn't just encompass the timeframe that they had their own national government. If that were truly the case then the same rules would apply to Ukraine, meaning that they were actually Russian up until the 1990s, well after the Simpsons first started
F****
its really funny that i, as a texas born human, have more heritage woth the Annoying Orange and Markiplier than i do with the fucking Confederacy
Slaves are for weak countries and the Confederate states of America was a weak country who fought to preserve slavery because they were to stupid to expand their economy
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Love this video and the comment section. But one thing's getting to me.  It's "seceding," guys. Not "succeeding."
You are a Chad. Don't let these underdeveloped lifeforms affect your judgment. They send all those threats to try and silence you for speaking the truth. People are afraid of being wrong, because they are not looking for knowledge, they are looking for a raw way of feeling powerful.
The civil war wasn’t about slavery; it was about secession. Just don’t ask what secession was about.
no shit they wanted slavery
Slavery adjacent 😂
Republicans: "It wasn't about Slavery" Also Republicans: "Democrats were Southerners back then, so they're the real slavers."  And they don't see that they just shot their first argument in the dick with their second argument.
Facts are tho the war wasnt started because of slavery it was started over the same thing nearly every war in history was, over money. Tensions were rising because there were more and more taxes imposed on the south and the north received a majority of developmemt as oppose to the south, the north was getting railroads, infastructure, everything that was needed to really thrive. The south felt it was being deprived of those things and the straw that broke the camels back was Lincoln, a Republican, getting elected who was openly against slavery although he did not campaign on its abolishment. Infact the war was not made about slavery until nearly halfway through it when the Union was finally beginning to turn the tide, only then in Lincolns emancipation proclemation did he announce he would be abloshing slavery. Not defending the confederacy but the idea that the war was soley fought over slavery is just wrong, the war was fought for many reasons, slavery was simply the straw that broke the camels back
From my understanding the main issue was a combination of factors...  The push was rather sudden and had an immediate termination of slavery not allowing planation owners enough time to man the fields or find replacement work or pay for replacement work as they were not given proper timespans for workers. Then you have to realize the north mostly stopped doing slavery as it was more industrial and had more focus on modernity while the south in it's more infancy stages was still developing and farmland which was the bread and butter of the south was the main and only resource as trade only came through set locations through the south and the gulf of mexico while the north mostly held european trade since there was no reason to go south since there was no canal back then and they would have to sail around south america to get to the other side.  So not only would these planations be out of work but the slaves too would have nowhere to work, no food, no money, and no accomidations. The south knew this and would be forced to find and fund ways to accomidate them and rather than an easement program or motions to gradually transition to a more feasible worker they didn't have the funds to do it.  War was declared generally not because they wanted slaves but that their main source of income demanded it for the time being. Kinda like if the US suddenly said to modern corporations "NO you cannot use cheap chinese labor anymore" we would see some companies straight up dissolve. Talking BIG companies OR nearly dissolve.  In no way is it not evil....By modern standards....But from a buisness perspective which again money is the root of all evil it makes sense why the south was pissed.
The Republic of Texas lasted longer than the Confederacy
A nation so fucking weak? Open a history book, it wasnt exactly a one way steam rolling.
grimace says umm why do you want to pulvurise me in this lord of a world
You're still a yankee, and slavery was common then. not to mention far less horrific than Uncle toms cabin or modern Hollywood films would have you believe
As a North Carolinian, yeah fuck them rebel traitors up! Lincoln and Grant number 1!
While it is true that the civil war was grey, there’s literally only one reason for that, and that’s because both the union and the confederacy were terrible and did terrible things.
yeehaw
The CSA's own words were clear about slavery and race.  It's ugly.  Google the articles of secession.
Confederate States of America: 👎  Union of South Africa and Rhodesia: 👍
remember the confederacy didn't put a big picture of states rights on their money
Property
Miranda sings was relevant longer than the confederacy
State's right to secede and form their own government free of foreign rule and taxation. Not that hard of a question like you unionists ask.  The guy who founded the Confederacy supported an emancipation proposal which was going into effect near the end of the war.   Stephens was a former whig so yeah he supportef slavery and thats why it was in many Constitutions as well although not all constitutions.  Also Lincoln DID NOT plan to abolish slavery. He supported the Corwin Amendment which would have preserved slavery and he even said himself that if he could "save" the union without freeing a single slave then he would.   Proving slavery is wrong by enslaving and murdering half the country is ironic and clearly just propaganda to support such a thing
They apparently fought for the rights to own property in person
Um well actually, it’s because all of the products made in the south went to the north (like cotton from the south made into clothing in the north), and all the countries development like trains happened in the north. So the north didn’t need their slaves (plus they were known for treating them worse), so the north didn’t like the use of slaves and barely had a use for them so they got rid of them. So when the south was told to get rid of their slave work force on top of being treated like second rate citizens they left.  An example would be if a company that over works and underpays their workers gets rid of their complementary breakfast, and all the workers go on strike and unionize around not even getting free breakfast at their shitty jobs since, that was the only thing they liked about it. But the news covering the strike by saying “these dumbasses are upset they aren’t given breakfast. I don’t even eat breakfast, plus everyone just eats at home.” And ignore the working rest for the working conditions.  So the straw that broke the camel’s back WAS the slaves, but they probably would have been more willing to go along with it instead of leaving if they weren’t also being ignored.
States rights to tap dat *, am i right fellas!!???
To be fair, Twitter throws death threats at anything. I bet you could post yourself curing a bunch of blind people and probably still get death threats from it.
Yawn
0:33 Was it the economic reasons (in which your economy was entirely based on slave labour)?
"The north is oppressing us"  B*tch, you're the north.
The whole state rights argument came way way after the civil war ended. During the civil war not one rebels traitors uttered anything about fighting for states rights but only to keep slavery.   Todays bad tv show outlasted the confederacy. That’s fucking hilarious.  Also every one should do this to anyone rebel waving flag. Just overwhelm them and not let them say anything.
As a mexican, texas being pegged a traitor by the country they ran to is extremely cathartic.  You cannot run to where you're not, infelíz.
let people own slaves
Abraham Lincoln was a racist.
It was about states rights.   States rights to own garden tools and see them worked and utilized as they should be.
I get this is a parody but the south does teach about the intentions of the confederacy and why they went to war with the government. Its not one of those things they take lightly either cause coming from the south we treat everyone as family. Its called southern hospitality
My family first came to the US in 1863. My ancestor was too young to serve as a solider in the Union Army so he was a drummer. As a singer/piano player I feel an extra special connection to him. I just love throwing that history in the face of anyone with a Confederate flag. The fact he was an immigrant makes it that much sweeter.
If you do an evil thing, a smol doobus will go up to you and say “golly that’s f*cking evil”
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy is my favorite meme.  For example, the WiiU lasted longer than the Confederacy.
States right's to secede. There is the actual answer. The emancipation proclamation didn't free a single slave in the North. You know, the land that Abraham Lincoln had legitimate say in the political destiny of. The Civil War was primarily and economic war and it's sad that most Americans' understanding of it is that it was the side of slavers vs abolitionists when it wasn't the case.  I'm dead serious, go look up historical quotes from Abraham Lincoln and Robert E Lee and then tell me which side believed that slavery was an outdated practice.
As someone with a degree in politics and regularly studies politics and political history. I declare the comment section is an absolute cesspool
As a matter of fact it was entirely about a state's right to secession, which in turn was chiefly in dispute of Lincoln's tax policy. Slavery was piggybacked, but the Union wasn't concerned with it on the whole. Lincoln ordered the emancipation of slaves in southern states that practiced, urging the slaves to rise up and slaughter their masters - and not in Northern slave states which continued to practice. But instead, most slaves were insulted, after which, enter William T Sherman, Lincoln's dog. While he was still president-elect, he supported an amendment worded to include protection institutions of "persons held to labor", which included slavery. Lincoln also cracked down on the newspapers, jailing dissidents and burning presses. He did not start the war to free slaves or to preserve the Union, but rather to enforce it. He basically became worse than King George. If Lincoln had not been a tyrant, the South would have abandoned slavery for less noble reasons. Instead the North and the South each dehumanized the other and waged a terrible, atrocious war over the very same reasons why the colonies wanted to break away from Europe, and Lincoln instituted and bloodily enforced the first draft in the North, validating all of his naysayers. The South do not have to be saints to acknowledge the evils in the North.  If you have an hour to sit down, you should watch Razor's video on Lincoln. v=-pZG7snE7tU
State's Right to Secede.  Look up the Corwin Amendment. An Amendment that would have fully and constitutionally protected Slavery. It not only passed in the House, it had the votes to pass in the Senate and Abraham Lincoln even approved of it. However, the Southern States seceded despite this. It is often argued that the Confederate states seceded specifically AND ONLY because of Slavery despite the fact that the nation was on the cusp of making slavery as protected as an act as free speech and gun ownership. It's an accusation that simply does not hold water by itself.  Even if you want to argue that the Confederacy's secession was entirely for the purpose of slavery, you would have to ignore the fact that the Union did not fight to remove slavery. Slavery was still legal in the Union within border states up until after the war's end. Slaves were still owned in non-slave states such as New Jersey. Most egregious of all, the Emancipation proclamation didn't free a single slave within the Union or Union controlled Confederate territory. In fact Emancipation proclamation specifically laid out counties of retaken southern territory where slaves were still expected to remain in servitude.  It was always a war of secession. If you don't believe that simply look into Lincoln's illegally incarceration of the Maryland Legislature when it decided to vote on Seceding early into the war. Not to Join the Confederacy mind you, but to simply remove itself from the war entirely as a neutral state. This was done almost entirely due to Maryland citizens protesting the ongoing drafts that had not been approved by congress.  The Civil War was the result of a long standing debate between the ideals of Jefferson's Democratic Republicans and Hamilton's Federalists. A debate that still lives on today because it is a debate regarding the powers of the states (the people) vs the power of the federal government (the state). Simplifying the conflict to a matter of slavery is not only disingenuous, it ignores one of the most important debates regarding the founding of the Republic.
"The civil war was about states rights."  "A states right to do what?"  A states right to defend the ownership of private property
What an incredibly lucky coincidence that the winners who got to write the history books were always the good guys!
Google the Trent Affair
That's really really interesting because that president who "was going to abolish slavery" was an avowed racist who believed in slavery as the natural order of things. You know what else is really really interesting? The emancipation proclamation only said "these southern places that we currently do not control and can't tell what to do aren't allowed to have slavery, HOWEVER all these northern counties painstakingly listed out that are part of the union and COULD be made to stop are specifically exempted from this" The civil war wasn't over slavery, if you actually believe it was, you're probably the kind of person who thinks America doesn't break international laws to get what it wants.
I know that the civil war was nothing to do with slavery. It was the fight against tyranny and for democratic freedoms...........     We talking about the English civil war right?
A state’s right to secede?
Honestly, every time I see a confederate flag in someones yard, or on their house, they're usually just like this if not worse.
The thing about this initially Lincolns plan was to fight to preserve the union, despite many outcries to make it about emancipation and Lincoln before then was a big pro-emancipation guy but the problem was like the founding fathers before him encountered they would lose confederate support (I know historically its southern but not everyone in the south is in support of the idea so I choose to say confederate because those in oppose end up being that.) if they went for it and you need the peoples support to run a government. But the funny thing is Lincoln opted to be more aggressive against it because of a myriad of factors, many of which were caused by the confederacies aggression so by inadvertently resisting they instead pressed themselves closer to the guillotine.  To my knowledge pro confederate minded folk do exist but it is not a belief I feel anyone should follow (obviously). If your one who hates the government then throw your hate at them is what I say, don't align yourself with a group responsible for upkeeping one of the most immoral working class mentalities of human kind. And if such people who have fallen to this did that, and decided to instead turn there energy to that then we would have much more genuine critics of the government not behind something so heinous.  Unless your doing it for the other reason the one that shall not be named...imma say this such people are greedy, selfish, immoral, and ignorant all at once all the time as long as they hold such a belief as the ideal standard...
Just because somebody/something does something morally evil doesn't mean their other arguments/concerns don't matter.
Bro got me cackling at the annoying orange
You state that "they seceded the moment a president got elected who was going to abolish slavery", but that's not true. Lincoln had no intention of a federal abolition of slavery in 1861, and is quoted as saying he would keep slavery if it meant preserving the Union. The Union itself was not virtuous on the issue of slavery, itself having the slave border states of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, and (West) Viriginia.   It's the classic cookie-cutter fairytale version of history, in which there are "good guys" vs "bad guys". This is done with World War II as well, where the Allies get vindicated as innocent heroes despite the hundreds of thousands of innocent victims in Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Tokyo, Dresden, and more.  But hey, gotta score cheap political points, right? 😂
I completely agree However... The confed flag just looks so neat :3c
Surprisingly, as a certified Mr. Florida, i was taught about the South's wrongs and why the North was basically the good guy Also Oversimplified lolol
I personally disagree.
State's right to do what?
States' rights to secede. Never forget that:   1) Union states also had slaves. 2) The emancipation proclamation wasn't issued until 1863, two years after the war started, which is odd if the Union was on a crusade to free slaves isn't it? What were they fighting for for the first 2 years? Also the proclamation didn't include the slaves Being held in Union States, which means the last slaves were Union slaves.  And 3) The Union invaded the confederacy.
I'm against slavery but I like CSA because USA is a bully and I hate them and they're a threat to my nation
You aren't a real southerner American patriot unless you fly the flag of a losing country of traitors that barely even existed to the point where a black man was president for longer than said basically fictional country's entire existence
I want to put up a General Sherman statue right in the middle of Atlanta.  What?  It's just history.
Fun fact fucking teen titans go *TEEN TITANS FUCKING GO!!!!* HAS LASTED LONGER THEN THE CONFEDERACY!!! How long? *TEN FUCKING YEARS!!!!*
State rights to self detrimination the idea that the state should be more powerful then the federal goverment and that the growing urbanite northern population and states were quickly lowering the representational power of southern states while I heavily disagree with the confederacy and slavery its undeniable that literally every single constutional ammendment since the defeating of the last serious major power to the federal goverments control has resulted in more federal power also it's not like modern day people don't rely on slavery it's just out of sight out of mind so they don't have to look at it I would argue if anything slavery is more prevlant now then during the confederacy just not as overt
Lmao it’s so sad that where I live in Ohio people openly have confederate flags just hanging by their doors 😭
Dont give a dam about your slaves the South was right.
If the KKK watch this they be pissed....Good.😡
Why are you getting hate tweets for essentially calling the Confederacy a big pile of shite? It's right up there with being denied calling the MAGA people MAGA in the first place.  'Sides, i love it when they get triggered like that; goes to show how butt-hurt they still are over a bygone war.
I live in Washington and while I was in middle school I was signed up to a Christian Floridian online school called Abeka which sent out videos of classes and I remember how they taught about the civil war and how “it was never about slavery” and about how it was taxes that caused it but those darn liberals are using propaganda to confuse the children, I believed that for two years till I read the declaration of cessation where it only mentioned taxes once and slavery like 60 times, don’t remember exactly been too long and I didn’t count myself just statistic I read. Just this is one story of many caused by teaching that is created due to politics, don’t want me to go into how they taught Jupiter Wasnt real cause it’s gravity would be too large and suck earth in or something, don’t remember reasoning but it was something gravity
Hoorah!
Speaking of the traitor thing, always find it amusing that the most staunch 'mericuns are the southern dixie people and most staunch anti-'mericuns are the complete opposite. Very odd.
unci  masses
>Video upload just 10 days ago *>18K Comments*  Oh my Gosh
Well in the Confederacy’s defense, nobody stood against the Annoying Orange. We let that motherfucker live!
Super video
mfw the animated green guy has a debate against himself and wins! (it was about taxations and tariffs btw)
I'm all for abolishing slavery but did we really have to make them citizens? Couldn't we have given them work visas until they could save enough money to buy a boat ticket back to Africa?
The war was started over taxes and Lincoln allowed slavery to continue in the North but don't bother looking into things yourself. The answers might be extremely uncomfortable and you can just listen to some random funny YouTube man instead.
Hello new favorite video on the entire internet.  Also got a neighbor with a confederate flag. I blast Union Dixie from my car every morning and I'd like to see him stop me.
I've lived in the south and have been surrounded by people who seem to... "Take pride" in the confederacy, and I gotta say its not that simple to say they are dumb people. These people are NOT taking pride in slavery, or the actions of the south, or anything obviously atrocious. They are taking pride in living in states that formed the *most* successful rebellion against the most powerful country that's ever existed... These are people that love the 2nd amendment and small government, and living in a country where we as citizens still have power to wield is an amazing thing. To them the Confederacy was proof of that. People that blindly say these people are evil and hateful have never actually interacted with them and it shows, slavery is the last thing on their mind when talking about the confederacy.
Thats an outright lie; not only did the North propose the Corwin Amendment (which to it's brackest tacks -- MADE SLAVERY CONSTITUTIONALLY FOUNDATIONAL) the South acted to succeed anyway despite that.  It was not about slavery, the North was just as cruel to it's slaves and there is no good guy in this war.
look at some of the comments actually defending the confederacy. y’all mfs are sad af 💀
And then they became democrats
When they call it "a war of northern aggression" always fun to hit them with "It was the Union's liberation of the south from foreign occupation."
Funny thing is that yes, few things in history are black and white, and most are grey BUT the Confederacy just so happens to be one if those that AREN'T grey. They were flat out evil.
alright this was great you just earned a new sub
I’m gonna use orange goobus as the miitopia boss, don’t even scare ur child
If the confederacy was evil than the Union was evil too for manifest destiny.
I do love this but the south actually left before Lincoln was even put in office
Can you answer my question you fucking traitor is so funny
The Union should have just kept fighting the Confederacy until they were completely gone.
Watch abortion rights activists do the same thing when you corner them: "Choice to do WHAT??"
Funny thing is I bet the average lifespan of a French Republic is less than annoying orange  1. 1792-1804: 12 years 2. 1848-1852: 4 years 3. 1870-1940: 70 years 4. 1946-1958: 12 years 5. 1958-present: 65 years for calculation purposes  Alright average of 33 years not bad. I underestimated. NOW IF WE INCLUDED ALL THE OTHER FORMS OF GOVERNMENT SINCE 1789 we might get a much shorter answer lmao
Idk why we all still arguing over a flag and stuff that's 150 years old I hon don't care what people like if u like the pride flag good for u if u like the confederate flag good for u we should just all learn to get along and not fight over the past and forgive our enemies
Use their using States Rights as an excuse to perform Slavery. And I thought the Union are the Bad Guys.  Good thing I sided with the Unions instead of the Confederates from the beginning.
That southern guy wasn't even smart enough to cite the tariff of abominations which hurt South Carolina's cotton trade with Britain, the nullification crisis which came after it, or the industrial/agrarian economic divide which separated northern/southern interests as non-slavery related excuses for secession. 🙄  EDIT: The Confederacy ended more than 150 years ago everyone. I never justified it or slavery so calm down.
The perfect ending song, god bless America for getting rid of slavery.
Abe lincolon just wanted to deport all blacks. State rights are not just about slavery and in modern times thankfully have nothing to do with slavery. Heritage is a fair point there is some cultural differences between northerners and southerners. Vermont debated on not joining the usa and was the last of the colonies to do so and northern authors even long prior to the american civil war talked of wanting to break off from the south. Id argue due to america being the third largest nation on earth it does make it unruly a coal miner or laid off factory worker in rust belt pensylvania, a cattle farmer in wyoming and some hipster in portland have exactly zero things in common and do not want the same things thus someone is getting ignored demographically.
screw the confederacy   but ngl most of the union people (white) didnt care about the slaves being free as they were more concerned about their own lifestyle and money
Southerners: It’s about states Sane People: states rights to do what? Southerners: To create and enforce our own laws.  Sane People: And what laws are those? Southerners: Does it matter? Sane people: Y E S
me: sees this video also me: WELL NO FUCKING SHIT
Confederacy is bad.  In other news, water is wet.
Dude, you got an automatic subscriber lol.
Smash that mfin like button if you're older than the confederacy's entire life span
“The south was being oppressed!”  The Union literally did everything they could to keep the south from seceding. The only thing they weren’t willing to budge on was slavery.   “It was a war of northern aggression!”  The first shots fired were from the south. The first battle happened because the south attacked fort Sumpter, starting the civil war.   “Not every soldier owned slaves. Some were just fighting for their homes!”  Yea and not every nazi was running a concentration camp but are you gonna defend them too? Actually don’t answer that you probably will.
Slavery wasn't wrong
Oh, right. Just an aside. Don't temp a resurgence of Confederalism. The State of the nation is not what it was when the last Civil war took place. If shit got bad enough and enough States flipped the Fed the bird and split the military and nation in two again, the "South" would be an absolutely terrifying force, and the "North" is mostly a shadow of what it once was.
this sums up everything of every reason why confederates were bad and also traitors.
"It was for states' rights." "States' rights to enslave people." "No, there were OTHER reasons that were also economic." "My apologies, I meant to say the economic right and autonomy to keep being dependent on an archaic system of cheap labor that has gone far too long, and was mostly targeted towards people of black (and sometimes Irish) descent."  "...Yankee liberal scum."
The argument was about where legitimacy for government power comes from. Several States in the Confederacy actually had, in their Constitutions, the right to throw off the Federal government in the case of it becoming tyrannical and counter to their interests. There were honestly quiet a few tells for the coming Federal hegemony, the educated slave holders just didn't care to fight it because they were wealthy enough that what the Fed was doing didn't bother them until they came after slavery. Which was the source of the land holders wealth. Honestly the parallels between the slave holders and our current politicians acting like landed nobles are striking. ANYWAY. That the politicians of the south at the time (Democrats) wanted to use any means to keep their power (most were slave holders or being paid by slave holders) and keep the working class as poor & ignorant as possible while also keeping their literal slave labor is of no surprise to me. What is a surprises me is the juxtaposition made between slavery and a tyrannical state. A tyrannical State is a tyrannical state. Full stop. You aren't the better person by also being evil, you're just a different kind of evil (hello Federalists). Just look at our current state. Rife with political corruption, unaccountable leaders, unaccountable agents of the leaders, and the people with no power to do jack and squate about any of it. Slavery is evil. Turns out Federalism is also evil.
I feel like I got recommended this thanks to me liking Atun-Shei so much.  (That's the CHECKMATE LINCOLNITES guy)
It was definitely slavery, but I also can't help but notice how the whole point of the United States, right? The whole point was that states could leave if they wanted to. And then... they couldn't. Again, yes, it was about slaves, but I just find it REALLY interesting that when half of the United States said, "We don't want to be your country anymore" the other half decided to go to war to keep them as part of the US. I really, really, really only point this out because every other fucking year Texas or California or Florida talks about secession and I'm like, "Remember what happened the last time someone tried that? The US government went to war with them. You don't just secede from the USA. You don't just vote for you to quit being part of the USA and it happens because you said so."  Anyway, yeah, it was about slavery, but it's also important to keep in mind it was an object lesson on how to secede from the USA. IE, don't do it unless you're ready to fight a one-sided war.
There's no doubt that slavery is a large chunk of the civil war, but it still came down to the fact that the southern states didn't like the control the north was trying to take, slavery included.  They were also being taxed, there were terrifs, there were cultural reasons.  My biggest issue (and I don't stand with the confederacy at all) was that the emancipation proclamation didn't actually end slavery in the north.....so it was literally just about controlling the southern states...
here's a thought: why is the dirt beneath our feet more deserving of rights than living breathing humans?
Can we get a loop of the last 10 seconds
All I'm going to point out is that what the general public and what the plantation-owning political families (which were all career Democrats, btw - interesting, that) wanted at the beginning was very different. There _were_ legitimate gripes about growing Federal overreach. It's just that by the time the first shots of the Civil War were fired, the Democrats had already taken control of the narrative of the whole situation.
Remember; if people claim it’s their heritage to fly a confederate flag then it’s your heretical right to burn said flag.
Reminder: The South fired the first shot, on Fort Sumter.
The Confederates got pardoned by the president Johnson by the way.
Grown up in the south my whole life having to deal with these losers. This is 100% accurate
How brave of a stance
I’m a third invisible person who believes we should revert to a confederation of states not because i want to revert to an older status quo but because i recognize that the US is REALLY FUCKIN BIG, and big fuckin countries require big fuckin militaries, big fuckin bureaucracies and big fuckin monopoly on violence. every big fuckin state to ever exist in our history has inevitably splintered and entered massive wars with deadly power struggles and massive regime changes, see china for an example. second big problem is that the interests of the people of maine cannot possibly align with the interests of california, or the interests of north carolina with lousiana or even the cities of every us state with their neighboring cities. for someone to live in a country this big they must sign onto a social contract that guarantees they will never feel that they have the power to change the organization of the system, which is why so many people in the US hate politics. maine must compromise with california must compromise with north carolina must compromise with louisiana etc etc so that nobody can get what they need.   i favor the European approach to organizing the americas as opposed to the roman one. instead of there being a federal government there would be something analogous to the EU. ideally this could be extended further, making states confederations of counties/cities/towns/municipalities and those are led democratically such that representatives are used to communicate between these confederations as opposed to leading them.   anyways im done infodumping about my alternative to federalism in the US. shower time
Yeah, the civil war was not fought to free slaves, Lincoln was the biggest racist there was and he jailed political dissidents and opponents. He was a tyrant and cared very little if at all about black people back then.   People of the north didn't want to free slaves because that's yet another labor force the workers would have to compete with. Slaves weren't even considered until after the war was over as "punishment" and even then, there were states that still had slaves for a while.
Slaveholders Rebellion, not Civil War.
As much as I generally like your content, I think you kind of dropped the ball on this one
Atun-Shei does a great job at debunking the many myths that Confederate sympathizers are so eager to spout.
It's a very strange coincidence that most people I know who take the 'State Rights' approach to the civil war just so happen to also really, really dislike black people.
Vermont was an independent country for longer then the confederacy was yet you don’t hear them screaming about it half as much as these idiots.
One of the little things in life I'm grateful for is that there's a pro-Union version of Dixie.
"Property rights!" "What property?"
Even Family Guy point out the condeferacy lost in the civil war. Peter even goes "I'm saying that drunken idiot over there kicked your sorry ass on the south of the 'Die or Dixie' line!" Again States Rights do what?
Hitler too 😂
Wait until they hear about how the lithium in ur phone battery is harvested lol
States are just governments.  Governments don't have "rights" the way people argue.  They have powers allotted to them by the constitution. So no, they don't have the "right" to enforce the purchase of humans.
We need to make a nation surrounding our lord and savior, The Annoying Orange, just to laugh at confederates for having a richer heritage than them.
oh no! doobus is getting political!!!! politics bad!!!!!!!!!!!! /s
I'm not a confederacy fan, but I feel like it should be said that Lincoln said that he would hold the country together with or without slaves. He was more than willing to keep slavery, but the confederacy felt as though their way of life was threatened. My point is if it was just about slavery, the Civil War would have never happened. Idk, maybe the south didn't believe him.
I figured it was just common knowledge that the confederacy was awful. I GUESS ACCORDING TO SOME PEOPLE IT WASNT!!!
A wise man once said   Nuh uh
Lmao
Confederates be like: I'm not racist, i'm a Democrat. Lol   Democrats do this to this very day, while calling black people that choose to be republicans slurs. Lol😂
Wait until progressives find out the confederacy were Democrats. Lol
Pokémon go has outlived the confederacy. Where are my statues of Pikachu?
Slavery bad but iirc it was just the states rights to "self-govern" so the federal government wouldn't be able to encroach on whatever states wanted to do past like "murder is wrong" and stuff like that. Either way though yeah slavery bad
Based
Never forget that Abe Lincoln was jacked when he was younger and is in the Wrestling H.O.F, if he was here today he would be slammin those racists like he were John Cena.
To put it simply enough for a brainlet like you, shavery was far too relied-upon for them to just abolish so quickly without massive economic damage. Yeah, slavery was bad, no shit, but to make life for everyone, including the slaves, significantly worse is arguably worse.
Thanks!
so you are saying that african tribes are also super evil? and all of the ancient empires that had slaves? and all of the other examples of slavery?
lol Abe from clone high the tv show from 2003 WAAAOOWW
The Confederacy never left. You just have to look at how Employees are treated on average in the various industries (especially video game Devs of major publishers with their "crunch time", and Amazon workers, whose demands for a better workplace resulted in Amazon turning a broom closet into a "Cry Room")
This is fucking beautiful
nice 👍
They don’t mean states rights they mean the opposite
bu-... but the states rights...
Many things in history are grey, the civil war is not one of them
LOL Doobus there are SO MANY confederacy apologists in here. It's insane.  Great video.
The worst part is that Lincoln Said that he wasnt gonna take away their slaves
Didn't the Confederacy fight to free slaves?
Didn't the Confederacy fight to free slaves?
Not defending the Confederacy, but Lincoln didn't say he was going to abolish slavery until the middle of the Civil War. That way, more black people would fight on their side.
Me when I talk to Confederate supporters
trans rights to do what? 🤨
Kentucky.
The south clearly seceded in order to preserve slavery. The civil war was the result of a disagreement between the north and the south on the right of secession. If not, we'd have to believe that the Lincoln administration would have allowed secession grounded on any other motive, which no serious historian would consider.
You could say the same thing about abortion. “What did you wanna use those rights for? You usually don’t mention that part. I wanna hear it.”   Only difference is slavery was actually in the constitution and was unfortunately a real right. Abortion never even was.
Remember people, Republicans are trying to drive the country into a second civil war.
It was about a states right to self governance, yes in this case it was centered largely around the right to own and use slave labor, yes that is an absolutely atrocious act and an even more atrocious "right" to fight for. But it was a right of the era nonetheless.
And then in 1968, Dixiecrats defected to the GOP and never went back.  Which is why Republicans now don't denounce the Confederacy.
I love how you somewhat drew Abe in the Clone High style.
The Texas secession articles literally cited slavery as the only reason but were just longwinded about it.
The real failure of the north was "reconstruction". We just let the same stupid racists take control of the south again and then called it a day.   That gave us stuff like the KKK, the southern strategy, and the south existing as a tax burden on the wealthier and more productive north.
The irony is had the south not seceded and practiced lawfare they likely could have tied up Lincoln’s political agenda…. Also this is the exact argument I use with the “Pro Choice” crowd. The right to choose what exactly?
yes but ni
While i am certainly not sympathetic to the confederacy, the idea that the civil war was about slavery is a myth. The succession crisis that eventually started the war was mostly about heavy tarriffs levied against the southern states and the expanding powers of the federal government.
I was born and raised in the far right wing christian southern states of Mississippi and the like. Heard this apologetics my whole life and even believed em for a long time.   Education is important, and its clear as spring water why conservatives are so emotionally anti-education.
I feel bad for anyone who owns a confederate flag. Living with brainrot must not be easy. 😔
Yeah taxes were a reasoning for disgruntled rebels to rebel but it was such a secondary issue next to slavery. Not to mention the north payed most of the taxes like something like 75-80% of the nations taxes at the time. States rights to “uhhhhhh ummmmm I mean . . . They told me they like it here . . once. . . Oh man! Hey Clem, do you think we might be the bad guys?”
I'm trying to figure something out. America fought for it's freedom against the british and they where hailed as good guys. When the ira fought to free Ireland we where seen as the bad guy? What of it?
To anyone saying Abraham Lincoln  wasnt trying to get rid of slaves, therefor the war wasnt about slavery: Every state except for 1 that succeeded directly quoted that they were doing so to keep slaves. The union wasn't fighting to free slaves at first, sure. But the Confederacy was definitely fighting to keep them.
i mean if you were to put a RGB color onto the grayscale of the cival war, it would probably be like 2,2,2 instead of pure black to be fair, But i'd still call it black.
I think slavery is bad
As a Mississippian I'd love to say any mother fucker who waves that flag deserves to have their hands tied by that flag, be given cement boots and be forced to swim across the gulf of mexico.
Slavery is a evil thing
Perfect tone, i love this. :D
Republicans in this comment section won't denounce the confederacy.  And it's because they're not only racist, but also traitors.  And you won't find one to do so in response to this comment either.
many northern states also kept slavery. the war was over industrialization, not emancipation. in lincolns own words his goal was to keep the union together and whether blacks were freed didnt matter
I heard somewhere that Texas is trying to teach kids that slavery was not a major factor of the start of the Civil War (which is completely bogus)   I had a test for my Apush class and one of the questions was "what was the major reason the Civil War started?" Knowing Texas, I put economic differences.   And I was right. A lot of people got that wrong.  This country, man 💀
Is historical illiteracy trendy or something?
THANK YOU GOOBUS
Damn democrat’s have sounded the same for ages lol
I really enjoy this over those TikTok strawman explanation videos because the tone is much more blunt so the caricature works a lot better. Also, it's all facts about the confederacy that need to be said because people don't get it
Here is a pretty weird fact; less than 2% of the northern states were for abolishing slavery at the time of the civil war.   It’s so strange to think how many people were okay with slavery and just adopted a “live and let live” kind of stance without considering the actual victims and doing the right thing. It’s one of the prime examples of how popular opinion does not dictate what is moral.
Yeap.
Ok ok, just make sure you losers pay your taxes. Or remember, we will come to your house and take your property/life.
Its not my fault i live in the south
Blood and honor respect southern heritage
Day 1 of asking to have a 2 baby named ankydoo Gilgameshes sidekick
This is good representation of how frustrating it is to talk about the Civil War. The US fought the Slaveholders Rebellion. Then ten years into the peace gave up, handed the Southern states back to the traitors, and agreed that the whole thing was a mistake. We let them reinvent their own reality. Now we are stuck doing a Virtual Reconstruction with neo-confederates, who spent the last 160 years being told they were right and Lincoln was a monster.
You used the wrong flag lmao. The historical flag is the “stars and bars” flag. The flag that is used in the video is just one that stupid triple k members started using to push their beliefs. But we all know how smart triple k members are.
If it was only about slavery, the south clearly missed their chance. The corwin amendment was offered by Abraham Lincoln himself to each southern state and the corwin amendment was an amendment already ratified by every northern state, and what it would’ve done would’ve enshrined slavery into the US constitution permanently and the south rejected it and seceded anyway. If it was only about slavery, the south sure didn’t act like it. Not to mention, kentucky, New Hampshire, New York, New Jersey, and Delaware  had slaves throughout the war and up until the 13th amendment was ratified and forced them to end slavery, and West Virginia broke away from Virginia during the war and kept slavery. Lincoln also didn’t run his 1860 campaign on freeing slaves, he ran on keeping slavery out of new states as new western states were added to the union. Also, tyrant Lincoln imposed conscription which is a small step above slavery since you’re forced to fight in a war and have a good chance of dying for the union. And once the emancipation proclamation dropped in January 1 1863, 10s of thousands of union soldiers quit and went home and that was precisely why Lincoln had to conscript soldiers because someone forgot to mention the war was about slavery (or maybe that’s not what it was about). When someone mentions states rights, they’re talking about states rights of southern states to secede from a voluntary union, but tyrant Abraham Lincoln thought they should be forced to stay and killed 100s of thousands of his own supposed countrymen to make sure that happened (cause he wanted to keep their tax revenue since he was taxing southern imports at a rate of 50-60%). You have a child like view of civil war history if you think it was about slavery only and your government “schooling” has lied to you.
I mean it was states rights to govern themselves and the way they abolished slavery was against the 4th amendment. If the argument is "your group did something bad, so everything you believe is invalid" then it applies to the north as well. You violated the 4th amendment and used tyrannical power to implement laws that weren't agreed on, thus anything you say doesn't matter
“THERE WAS MORE TO IS-“ SO WHAT????….Honeslty I WANNA SEE THEIR EXCUSE 😭😭😭 just to LAUGH AT THEM LMAOO
"The Confederacy was bad so we killed a million Americans to force the Confederacy to be part of us so it could slowly corrupt us from the inside out"  see the state of the country due to democrat governance for all the proof you need, it would have been better to let them keep their slaves
ur ignoring that the north had a financial interest. Ending slavery was a perfect excuse to invade and anect a different country
😂😂😂
the masculine urge to burn all of the confederate flags that i see hung up on people's houses while on a drive NO stepfather it is not a freedom of expression thing it's the goddamn pro-slavery pride flag no sane person is waving that shit around
The Doritos locos taco has also outlived the Confederacy.
This comment section is a shit show  Mfs out here like: “Now I don’t support slavery… BUUUUT”
At the time I wouldn't try to argue against it was about slavery, but the issue of States Rights itself goes beyond slavery, and today it does. Right now we are dealing with Second and First ammendment violations mainly by the Federal government. The Federal government is also not willing to defend us against our states attempting to defend said rights either.   I don't think slavery was a slippery slope per say, and it needed dealt with the way it was, but I think it solidified that the Federal Government has the ability to force states into line with issues, rather than the states actually being able to pick their own path
Please note my auto-correct is screwy so this has been edited multiple times to ensure that what I say is perfectly clear. And does not undermine the important details of the comedy show above....  For those in power, you definitely have a point. There is nothing legitimate about the Confederacy because its secession was not even legal. But to answer the states rights question in case you ever do run into one of the gray guys in real life.                states rights to defend your house and property ( never endangered until Sherman's March and pushed as propaganda), states rights to regulate their own taxes outside of a federal body, states rights to have say over the Supreme Court on Civic matters ( abolished with confederate defeat), states rights to handle elections, states rights to disregard federal taxes such as tariffs during crisis (Authority for the states to do it removed with confederate defeat, still possible with Federal authorization), rights to secede from the union if they are dissatisfied with it (abolished with confederate defeat). State's right to overthrow a tyrannical government if certain lines are crossed (abolished at the state level with confederate defeat, lawyers are still fighting over whether or not the private citizen has this right but most likely not... yeah, the South fucked that one up for all of us)  And the one that the green orator is annoying him about... states rights to maintain slavery (abolished with Confederate defeat, arguably abolished long before with the Emancipation Proclamation itself, but that one is in doubt because there was still slavery in New York up until the end of the war itself)  so haha while the funny hat is still right about the history still being a gray area... if we are being honest with ourselves, the better side still won. If you're going to fly the stars and bars folks, let it be a reminder that you were Hoodwinked once by politicians that didn't give a shit about you you can be Hoodwinked again. Because that last one, only mattered to those that were so rich they owned big business, It was still deplorable and the good side still won. But just remember to know what you fight for if you're going to risk dying for it. Also if you can't read this comment to learn how to, your average confederate soldier was also illiterate. Classroom lesson over. Please enjoy the Green Man harassing the idiot one more time because this shit is hilarious and highly educational.
Yes and no. This whole “Why the South seceded argument is so dumb” because you can have multiple reasons while also having one huge reason lol. States rights to do what well, to have their own state based banking systems instead of a federal one, states rights to removing tariffs and taxes that were hurting primarily agriculture based states, states right to a weaker central government with increased autonomy for the states themselves. Like there was a lot of states rights issues other than slavery. BUTTTTT AND THIS IS A HUGE BUT. SLAVERY IS CLEARLY THE PRIMARY RIGHT THEY WANTED TO PRESERVE. I mean debating that makes no sense. Whether you test by public opinion, political declarations, or any other metric slavery was clearly the main issue that caused the secession this doesn’t mean there weren’t other smaller problems but it does make both arguments are sorta right and sorta wrong and honestly ultimately futile.
Slavery bad Independence from the north good
When people say states' rights what they mean is whether they would have a centralized government or a decentralized government. This is a debate that's gone on since the founding of the country. Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton were staunchly opposed to each other on the issue. There are plenty of books that address the other points you made and I'll just get dogpiled if I try to address each one myself. I would like to secede myself and the powers that be would likely frame it as me wanting to secede over abortion when really I hate the federal reserve constantly inflating the currency I use and our dogshit foreign policy. I want to be left alone and I want the rest of the world to also be left alone.
"STATES' RIGHTS DO WHAT!?!?!?"  Gotta be the best line in the history of ever.
Thumbs up
what if the slaves were trans?
I don't even live in the US. Why am I watching this
I love you bullying this guy and let Twitter burn. I love your work and annoying orange comparison is very apt.
Nice
1. THANK YOU! im tired of people being like "oh the rebels were just badasses fighting for their freedom"  2. Did you draw Abe Lincoln in the style of Clone High?
OMG I LOVE THIS :D <3
If its the south's heratige to raise the federate flag, its the norths heritage to tear it tf DOWN
I don't fully disagree with the confederacy, because yeah slavery was very common practice for thousands of years at that point and viewing it as bad was seen as super outlandish back then, even  by some northerners,  but i also like the idea of states having more rights. I think most people will agree that they dont want a strong federal government. That doesn't mean i support slavery, i just dont 100% view the south as the boogeyman racists that everyone paints them as.
Bro Covid 19 is about to out lige the confederacy.
"I own a dog, I own a cat" 🤓🤓🤓 I own a slav-🗿🗿🗿
Me: america sucks, we treat people like shit, our government is irreparably corrupt, it sucks  Also me when someone says that the civil war wasn't about slavery: **state's right to do what you fucking traitor**
My brother has a confederate flag in his room  He's black
Trust me when I say this. When you actually look into history through a radicalized/truthful perspective, you find that it’s all wrong in a moral sense. Like none of it was right. And that can still apply today, it’s all wrong once you actually see the meshwork of the structures we live in. Recommend you read Civilized To Death by Christopher Ryan, a really good read.
States rights? Yeah, STATES RIGHT TO TAKE A FAT FUCKING L.
Only thing wrong about this is using the battle flag as if it was the actual flag, so we got a pretty factual video
My favorite part about the whole "heritage bit" is that these people who are uber-nationalist are literally cheering for an enemy country of the united states
While, yes, it *WAS* about state's rights, definitely was mostly about slavery.
You can hate slavery, recognize the confederacy was bad, and still remember actual history, i.e. there were no heroes. Slavery wasn't the North's primary concern, ending slavery was a means to keep the south paying taxes. Lincoln himself openly stated he didn't want to end slavery on multiple occasions, his concern was the 'preservation of the union.' The emancipation proclamation didn't apply to northern slave states, and made exceptions for several southern states to keep their slaves, it's the entire reason Juneteenth exists. Are we going to pretend that the rich back then weren't looking to profit, north and south? Cause that's who funded the Northern war effort. Railroad and steel companies, the same companies that would target freed slaves and try to hire them for a fraction of what they would pay anyone else, were the ones footing the bill for the north. There were no heroes, just different flavors of bastards.
I will never understand why US nationalists defend the confederacy. They were traitors and stood against the state. no flag waged against our nation should be flown ever again.
THE DORITOS LOCOS TACO  HAS LASTED ALMOST 3 TIMES AS LONG AD THE CONFEDERACY
The State's to secede from the government if they disagree with them.  On policies including taxes and taxes.
Lincoln didn’t even want to abolish slavery. He just wanted to stop it’s spread.
if you wanna lose braincells then sort comments by new
the original version of dixie is better
confederate soldiers 200 years ago when they realized doobus made a video dissing on them
Get Douglased
“Get Douglass’d”
States and citizens rights to own property and that such decisions about property were not for the federal government to decide. For a federal government that could just say that you as an individual could not have your previously purchased property could, and the north did, apply it to land and other personal property. BTW, they didn't free the slaves in the north. Only the slaves in the south were the subject of content.
Yes, slavery was evil, and im glad its gone, but the confederate flag was for the south, who said that the government shouldn't have control, while the north wanted the states to control everything. Back then, they voted for the north, back when the government helped much more people, but now, people want it because the government is trying to take control of us.
Bruh Lincoln didn't free the slaves if you actually read the imagination proclamation it abolished slavery in the confederate states...not the union. Legit States, the following, to wit:  Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana, (except the Parishes of St. Bernard, Plaquemines, Jefferson, St. John, St. Charles, St. James Ascension, Assumption, Terrebonne, Lafourche, St. Mary, St. Martin, and Orleans, including the City of New Orleans) Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia, (except the forty-eight counties designated as West Virginia, and also the counties of Berkley, Accomac, Northampton, Elizabeth City, York, Princess Ann, and Norfolk, including the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth[)], and which excepted parts, are for the present, left precisely as if this proclamation were not issued.  And by virtue of the power, and for the purpose aforesaid, I do order and declare that all persons held as slaves within said designated States, and parts of States, are, and henceforward shall be free.  Or did u just think only the confederates owned slaves, and states rights to tell the tariff of abominations to eat cheeks....gg ez no re.
CHECKMATE LINCOLNITES
This is a pro confederacy video
Its about time someone called them for what they are, TRAITORS! And plus the “confederate flag” that always gets waved around is the battle flag, which was directly created for the purpose of the civil war, which as we all know was about slavery. So waving the battle flag isnt about heritage, its about showing support in the confederates fight to maintain slavery.
Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators
Traitor to what exactly? Or is that just something you like to throw out without understanding what it means in order to try to make your argument sound more righteous?
It was taxes. Slavery was kinda just a fuck you. But like everything in America it’s taxes
The confederacy was proslavery but some states in the unions were to. The civil war wasnt about slavery till the end it was originally about how the union (which was the government and some states) wanted the goverment to control just about every aspect of your life, while the confederecy was basically like the republicans who wanted the government have less control of citizens. But the union was losing and lincoln freed the slaves to give themselves more man power to beat the confederecy. It wasnt all about slavery. Remember history is written by the winners. Edit: im not saying slavery was good. It was bad then its bad no. But im just saying how the civil war wasnt about just slavery
This is junk food morality right here.
Unfortunately, the South just recreated slavery through convict leasing immediately after emancipation
Wooo this is a very controversial take that slavery is bad
Anything the annoying Orange outlived probably aint worth remembering
Pokemon Go had more players than the confederacy had people
I know I've already commented too many times, but I also needed to add this: The Confederacy was, objectively and in practice, an authoritarian one-party regime that was well on its way to pure despotism towards the end of the war. One can argue that Lincoln committed certain actions against Confederate sympathizers that were morally dubious (though they were very much constitutional), but the leadership and government of Jefferson Davis was dictatorial BY DESIGN.
Literally rumors about a Nintedo Switch 2 is older than the Confederacy
Confederacy apologist: “It’s my heritage” Me: “Why is something that lasted for the same amount of time you were in high school for an important part of your ‘heritage’?” Confederacy apologist: “Uh the confederacy was around for five years, dummy” Me: “Oh I just assume that if you support the confederacy that you failed history and had to repeat a grade”
This is the lowest IQ comment section I've seen in my life - also love the people who say "I don't support losers!" yet celebrate juneteenth and indigenous peoples day 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
As a Northerner, I too believe that the CSA was in fact evil & slavery IS a crime towards humanity since the days of the book of Exodus...
Should have at least mentioned it was the Democrats
The only thing grey about the civil war were the rebel uniforms.
Not pro slav , the south was justified in not liking there mane source of wealth being threatened, if the north had slowly dismantled slav instead they would probably have helped
Slaves are evil but bank slaves are fine. Amazing logic
Another banger, you never fail to make me laugh. The annoying orange thing had me rolling
Based
Based. Heritage shmeritage 😂
Based. Heritage my a$$ 😂
👍👍👍🤣🤣🤣🤣
Even the the republic of Texas lasted longer than the conference
Hello, I hate confederacy
It's sad to see so many misinformed thanks watch gone with the wind.
My favorite part of the states rights hypocrisy is that the south wanted the right to have slaves and then wanted the right to go into non slave states and force those citizens in free states to force them to help find and capture slaves. It is like I say you have the right to be a vegetarian for religious reasons but you better help me carve up this sacred cow!
Lets not forget, Republicans abolished slavery while the left did not want to.
Not defending the confederacy, they lost and f*ck those guys. Lincoln was an abolitionist but was far too concerned with keeping the nation together. Wasn’t until after the war began where he actually decided to make it about freeing the slaves under the pressure from a man named Cassius Clay.
The Confederates were the absolute WORST thing to happen in the United States in regards to state's rights and the originally-intended "laboratories of democracy" idea that was advertised at the country's founding. They're attempts to wrap the rights of the states in with an institution that even the slave-owning members of the founding fathers acknowledged having personal problems with (like Jefferson and Washington) only served to give proponents of an all-encompassing central government a lame excuse to deflect any attempts to give the states the freedom to set their affairs in order to any meaningful extent. It reminds me of the Evangelical Cons and Woke Libs who pretend to be Liberatarian while ignoring the NAP and try to shoehorn more social and fiscal reforms that don't fit the platform.
Doobus, I like your videos. Please stay away from political shit you know nothing about.
A true american right here
Pay taxes
This made me want to get a confederate flag
States didnt own people, individuals did. After the civil war the right to own people became exclusively for the government. Slavery never ended, it became an exclusive privilege of the elite. All they did was restructure and reinvest their money and resources into criminalizing blackness so they could get their labor supply back. And it continues to this very day...
i think i've never been so close to pissing my pants as a grown ass man, holy shit
He still never answered the question. States rights to do _WHAT?_
*adds to my favorites*
(lemme start by saying i hate confederacy kids, you lost you traitorous bitches) Well before the civil war, the issue of states rights was about taxes, the federal government placed heavy taxes on agriculture which was the south’s only real industry, and when Virginia and south carolina tried to initially secede union troops were sent into Virginia which southern states saw as a violation because they didn’t feel like the constitution united the states as one nation but a group of nations in unison, then a series of events like Bleeding Kansas and fighting over the right to own slaves in western territories where union armies did some really awful things. And Lincoln didn’t want to abolish slavery, he believed it to be constitutional, but wanted to prevent its spread to new states
Dixie Delenda Est
States rights to govern themselves. That being said though look at California. Just nuke that hell hole.
When I was in high school we were told that slaves were necessary in order for the south to turn a profit to compete with the north.
Let me see your nose.
this is funny😂
Now I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure the North still had slaves a minute after the fact.
0:28 Why else, just out of curiosity?
Political history is one of my favorite topics.
Bro i just want the dukes of hazard back
"the annoying orange outlived you" is probably the greatest insult ever created
Ironically I got an add for a knock off prageru, rallying against the woke and probably pro confederate.
Rest in Piss Confederacy, you are not missed BOZO 💯💯
My family has a neighbor with a nazi symbol tattoo, a confederate flag, and a don't tread on me flag. He's called the problem neighbor
They use the "it's our heritage" argument to get sympathy. The annoying part is the Confederacy only lasted for four to five years. And there's a lot of good things that came out of Southern America! Why do you have to celebrate the bad parts! You're just making yourself look bad.
All I’m ganna say is everyone we’re slaves blacks whites Hispanics Asians it didn’t matter honestly
<the Confederacy was Bad> *Ah yes, the floor is made out of floor*  Seriously tho, I don’t know how some people are still confused about this. Human life isn’t something that should be turned into mere monetary value.
They know they are wrong, that is why they don't say it. I spoken with these people before, and it will take you an hour to get to it but eventually they will say they think blacks were better off as slaves. It is a toss up, which you will get to first, 'things were better back then when we had slaves' or the holocaust never happened. Those groups heavily overlap.
I love you
A WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS!
so brave...
Well, if you prefer to live in whitewashed ignorance sans historic fact and complexity, this video’s for you!
We all need to remember the serect technique called "Get douglass'd"
As an Australian seeing people proudly waving their traitor-slaver flags confuses me.
We weren't hard enough on the South after the Civil War
Well to be fair the war was fought over the economic liberties of the the south being in jeopardy. Mainly the the cotton trade, which was fueled by slavery. As was most of the souths economy.
States rights to violate your rights, silly.
To be fair. If the north had industrialized the south a little more mabye they’d have more buissnesses than cotton
But what about them states right tho?
The fact that the FUCKING annoying orange has an entire DECADE UP on the confederacy should tell you literally everything you need to know
Slavery was very much the *PRIMARY* concern, it is absolutely terrible...however, that does not mean that they were incapable of being correct about other things.   Granted, I can't think of ANY such things off of the top of my head and am admittedly being a bit pedantic.
Yo, stick to animation. Abraham didn't want to abolish slavery, he did that as a last resort. The vice president of the Confederacy didn't make the Confederacy. Southern states were scared that Abraham's policies of preventing the growth of slavery was going to make the new states added to the Union Republican and not Democratic. The southern democrats were scared that the republicans were going to have a house majority - one that wouldn't be in that favour of the southern democrats. Because of this, they were scared that their economy was going to collapse because the nothernn republicans would do things that benefited the northern economy - not the southern economy (which was slavery base)  So they left. Because they didn't want to lose the econony that was slavery based.  Though you are correct-ish. The confederacy was more worried about being outvoted by republicans, so being butthurt about being bad, they left  Edit, people in comments are confused. The civil war was about the south being scared of the voting power the north carries. The confederacy was formed because the south was butthurt about losing voting power. They couldn't do whatever they wanted (such as slavery) so they left. After slavery, the south had a big ol' economic collapse, which was what they worried was going to happen in the first place, this why they left. I don't like the confederacy, I don't like the USA even, but I like history and I like it when it's told right
USA is supposed to be a free country but as soon as we got it they allowed slavery like tf 💀💀
The Annoying Orange outlasted: The confederate WW2 Germany Both World Wars combined  The Annoying Orange is doing something that the most violent leaders aren't..
Atleast they got banger music. Anyone noticed bad guys tend to have nice music?
“Can you answer my question you fucking traitor” is my favorite line
Lots of people trying to play "devil's advocate" in here. Doth the plebs protest too much?
Get Douglassed has got to be one of the greatest insults ever.
If the Confederacy hated Federal oversight, why throughout the Antebellum period were the southern states the primary supporters of and benefactors of gross federal overreach?   The Louisiana Purchase was supported by and directly benefitted Southerners. The Indian Removal Act was supported by and benefitted Southerners. The Fugitive Slave Act was, again, supported by the Southerners to support their enslaving.   Whose states rights again?
Screw the Confederate Flag and people who defend it, I don't understand how people can defend it. It was literally founded on slavery and wanting it to still be a thing, and slavery is evil. So if you defend it, you're defending something evil, therefore you're supporting evil.
When you know a little about history: Oh, these people were evil When you know a decent amount about history: Well, everything is gray! There were valid points on both sides When you know a lot about history: Oh, these people were evil
I love this. Every time I hear the 'states' rights' argument I reply "you mean states' right to conduct slavery".
I will say that it wasn’t black and white when it came to the people fighting in the war but the ideology of the sides is absolutely black and white.
For a group of people that dont like partispation trophies, they sure seem to want them
For a Mexican living in the south, fuck the confeds. Sometimes I'll see some dumbasses waving the flag like it meant something and I'll yell "wave a flag from a country that exists and won at least a war!!" Also most importantly if you look at the map of the US ans see the NOTICABLE straight border between the north and south In the map because of the impact that the Civil War and overall slavery has done to the country all because the south wanted more money because of the slaves doing all the work?
Why even say anything? It happened years ago.  No one in American alive today can remember slavery. Im not saying slavery is good, but you can't just say the civil war was about slavery. How much did a slave owner have to pay in taxes? What were they supposed to do when they couldn't buy the expensive machines the north had. You guys need to read more. Schools only teach you one side. Slavery was bad and it did have a big part in the civil war, but youre ignorance shows when you make those claims
Green guy is cute lol
Lincoln was willing to get rid of the slavery not because it's a bad thing (which it is), but rather because it was an obsolete economic system. Almost nobody in the Union at the time really thought that they were fighting for the rights of the black people. The Confederacy was fighting to preserve its right to maintain its own system of values, even though these values were based on really bad things. And that's exactly why this part of history is considered a “gray” one: because everybody's motivation was purely selfish.   PS I am not a southerner. I am not even american
The only gray things about the Civil War were the confederate uniforms
I like this video. Reminds me of the ones by Knowing Better.
the amount of logical fallacies this man committed.
Stunning and brave
thank you algorithm for blessing me with this
I like both of em
Fun fact: Every state was autonomous and had slaves. Then they weren't allowed to be autonomous and lost a war. Now every state must comply with federal law under penalty of violence.  Slavery, while bad, is the mask that tyrants like Lincoln used to justify fking up state's individual rights. It was the first major step to enslavement of the nation as a whole. People are so fkn ret*rded to not see the nuance.
Most of the people who fought though not all were poor white people who did not own slaves. Do you think maybe the plantation owners used the rehtoric of "states rights" as a way to deceiving the poor to fight for them?
May I make a request to make a plants vs zombies cartoon because I’m a big fan of the franchise and your channel
Omg this comment section is GOLD. 😂
this is brimstone please never touch politics again
Lotta of people in these comments ignoring the DIRECT QUOTES from key members of the confederacy, that all site slavery as the cause for the need to secede. The hilarious thing is I know most of you have already watched “checkmate linconites”.  You know that what you think is wrong both historically and morally you guys just don’t care.
ANNOYING ORANGE NATION RISE
Got into a similar situation at work at a new workplace a few years ago. Yeah... Glad I don't work there anymore. The person was a conservative Christian who doesn't want to recognize the still existing systemic issues for people of color. I'm a white guy who knows how lucky he is to be both white and a guy in American society.
"State rights to do what?!?"  - "own property."  "What kind of property??"  - "garden equipment."   - checkmate -   /s
Union Dixie playing at the end was the cherry on top. As a southerner, I think it’s a bop.  Also, very accurate video. Honestly the only inaccuracy was that Lincoln didn’t want to abolish slavery initially. The south just thought he did and threw a hissy fit when he won.
Fun fact!  This video is 0.0000619772999% the length of the Confederacy!
Reddit history
I'm gonna wake up and watch this everyday until the end of time
But "Muh SaTeS RitEs"
I love the bouncing Goobus at the end mark timing to Union dixie
Did a quick Wikipedia:  Historian Henry Brooks Adams explains that the anti-slavery North took a consistent and principled stand on states' rights against federal encroachment throughout its history, while the Southern states, whenever they saw an opportunity to expand slavery and the reach of their political influence, termed Slave Power, often conveniently forgot the principle of states' rights—and fought in favor of federal centralization.  So, yeah, if the south ACTUALLY cared about “states rights”, they’d have been consistent about it.
crazy how we still have ppl defending the confederacy 150 years later
This is the best Pro Union video
I would understand if it WAS the whole “It was a fight for freedom against any authority telling states what to do. Even if what they’re telling us to do is good.” That would be understandable in a “doesn’t want a strong government” way, at least.  That was always *my* understanding of the “states rights” argument.  Me? I’m fine with a strong government. Paternalism is based, actually.
You kinda forgot the entire idea about the unjust taxation of the north.... buuuuut, good way to alienate all your southern audiences. Yes there were bad things, but you got to remember the north was actually profiting on the slave trade, they just really wanted more money.  But history is written by the winners
One thing I wanna point out about Frederick Douglas, dude had to play Hitman to get to New York and out of the maniacal hellhole that was Confederate America, donned multiple disguises on his journey to the North. Fuck anyone who'll sugarcoat such anti-American treachery AND the slap on the wrist afterwards. As far as I'm concerned, reconstruction with no terms was a mistake and Jim Crow is proof of that.
Confederate states of America defenders are all treasonous scum
Trans rights to *what*?
“Very few things in history are black and white.”  Emphasis should be on how it’s “Few”, and not a “nothing”.
once saw a meme that was like I support the confederacy because it tells my history then hard cut to a dude emoting with the captions "the history of taking a huge L"
Anyone who flies a confederate banner garners no respect from me. It's a dead country, quit crying about it. Some of those idiots act like toddlers with how they whine and cry about "oH gEE tHe ConFeDeRaCy FlAg DeSeRvEs To bE fLoWn" it genuinely gets under my skin when I see secessionist traitors flying that flag.
there's only one kind of rebel I love and it's the kind who fought slavery before the War and the 13th amendment
Wacky how they think state's rights are more important than human rights
Thank you for introducing me to Union Dixie, which is legitimately so much fun to listen to on repeat.
Also, important note here, the Confederacy didn’t give two shits about State’s Rights. Otherwise they wouldn’t have supported the Fugitive Slave Act, which was a Federal law that overruled any Northern State’s laws.
As a southerner, well, people like that are fucking idiots. I die inside a little more I see a confederate flag or hear someone go “it’s our heritage.” Do you see Germans hanging Nazi flags??? No!!
One small correction: Lincoln didn’t campaign on abolishing slavery but didn’t want to contain it in the American south. This is what set the Confederates off because they didn’t want to just keep slavery where it was but they wanted to expand in to the southwest and even the Caribbean, building a massive slave empire. If they could do so, they would get majorities in congress and be able to preserve slavery. If not, free states would soon far outnumber slave states and it would only be a matter of time before abolition, gradual or immediate occurred.
States rights to be independent from the federal government. In fact anyone that looks into the Civil war, will rudely find out the Abolishment of slavery was a massive afterthought... fits with the era, don'cha think?  Edit: You boo me, but I'm right! Anyone who's responding to this, with "To do what", is sorely lacking in things to do when it comes to scrolling down to see this, and or a bot.
Dislikes are traitors
It was slightly more grey than just straight black and white though. American Slavery is by far one of the most evil things to ever exist, but the South relied on it heavily to generate cheap labour for vacant jobs and generate revenue, which otherwise was often given to the North due to its higher population. I’ll never condone the Confederacy, but it was built on an industry that at the time was seen as a necessity for the South. History is unfortunate in that sense, but I find it more interesting to simply see it from every perspective, not just one as it holds nothing over my own opinions.
states rights to do whatever congress does on a smaller scale without any federal oversight.
I remember Dougless
My only complaint, why didn't you use the trap remix because it goes really hard
Smokin hot take in 2023 apparently
I love this whole video, but how is it that nobody's brought up how good the design for Frederick Douglas looked? That was on. point.
Taco Bell's Dorito taco shell lasted longer than the confederacy
Personally I dont see why removing statues that memorialize confederate soldiers, specifically the ones which name those who died, is so popular seeing how the majority of them fought for what they perceived as a war for their home states independence or were drafted and had no say. What I don't get is why in the hell did they put up statues of confederate politicians? Why commemorate the actual trators like Jefferson Davis and all of the wealthy plantation owners turned state governors or senators? I hold the belief that the confederacy and it's evil traits rest at the feet of its politicians and their beneficiaries who, with out a doubt, should not be memorialized in a favorable light. That said as a novice historian and a military history enthusiast, I think it isn't right to just erase all traces of the confederacy and to at least acknowledge those who died on both sides.
Through brainwashing and self delusion fueled by bigotry the former confederate States have succeeded in rewriting history,….for the gullible and stupid inside those states.  Outside those states, the rest of the world knows that they are romanticizing treason and hate,….oh and they lost a war that they were stupid enough to start.
Imagine celebrating a war that didn't have to happen for slavery to end, and a war that was Justified on the notion that states didn't have a right to secede, when they definitely did under the Constitution. The South was 40% abolitionist, but most of you will probably mean that you love Tecumseh Sherman for killing all those civilians. How many abolitionists and children did he kill? You probably love his killings far more than he did
This dumb cartoon is what happens when you get your education on Twitter. Being morally good doesn't make it historically true, you dork
It was about a state's right to secede, lmao
I mean we’re all wage slaves now with the illusion of having purchasing power anyways so if anything the Confederacy did win, just not its government
I mean, slavery is still legal in the United States. And it still exists in our prison systems. Look it up.
as someone who grew up in the south this is scarily accurate
Let's start a list of everything that lasted longer than the Confederacy. I'll start:   -An Ikea Bedframe -Saab, the car company  -Any two term President -Grade School -That McDonald's burger that one guy kept from like the 80's  -Cingular Wireless -Vine  Just a few
I hate both of them equally. Confederacy sucks, and so does the modern america we are forced to live in...
this shit went CRAZY on twitter i remember the fucking nuclear blast this left on doobus's account. hope he's not getting too many threats or anything gg doobussy
So. I clicked to find out. A few things I’d like to mention.  1. Only the elites of the South wanted slavery because they made a profit off of it. The actual people hated slavery due to cheap labor making the crops they grew on their small farms nearly worthless.  2. The Union Generals such as General Sherman were known for gruesome tactics such as looting of confederate cities and burning of crops. Union soldiers also raped Confederate civilians. Mississippi the main place known for such events.  3. Due to years of published books, propaganda, and news papers that portrayed Stereotypes of different cities the divide between states had grown. General E. Lee had received a request from The North and The South to fight for them. Due to General E. Lee’s home being in Virginia and state loyalty being a major thing he said he couldn’t fight for the North.  4. The Union had, before the civil war, raised taxes and tariffs on every state in the south with the northern states exempt from such rules and regulation. Such new laws impoverished the lives of regular, poor people in the south making their lives worse.  (I did study the American civil war. I’ll only listen to logical arguments.)
Stupid racism and slavery.
"states rights" as a Texan this is hilarious the Texas education system really doesn't want to own up to   it was about economics and freedom the south was so dependent on slavery and ao culturally divergent from the north that the threat against slavery was enough for them to go into a full rebellion  it's like if we thought the president was going to make gun ownership illegal  it would shake us to our very core that's an important right  and the south would rebel   I mean except owning self defense tools is alot more reasonable than owning people
You must have some real dark skeletons in your closet if you’re virtue signaling this hard.
Conservatives: triggered
Growing up in SC it SHOCKING how many teachers specifically argue Doofus' point. About Heritage and states rights
I don't think we're at a "use your words" point in American history. Fascism isn't even hiding any more. It's not even using dog whistles any more, I had to defend myself from a fascist who believed me to he grooming children because I'm gay and Jewish. The next person to do that is gonna gonna eat pavement. And I genuinely suggest people start fighting back against these revisionists, and I mean fighting.
The US should have finished the job during reconstruction instead of conceding hard fought gains and paying reparations to the plantation owners. They should have finished 1776 and ww2 as well. Job security i guess.
Dudes just wanted to have someone to do their shit for them
As someone from outside looking in. I have observed that these kind of people are the same one that goes to church, of a religion whose original teacher was probably not even white, who also did not discriminate against anyones status, gender, and race.
Based as fuck, first video I've seen from you and this is awesome
Hahahah what heritage? It lasted for five years! Probably the funniest part of this video
I too believe that islamists should pay to the europeans for enslaving them 700 years ago.
I'm a confederacy hater (it's undeniable they were defending slavery, period) and I'm not even from the US, but wasn't one of the rights they wanted the right to leave the union when they wanted to do so? Because before the civil war the union itself was similar to a confederacy of single countries that had united under certain premises but the terms of this union were still kinda murky (like, once you get it, are you allowed to break off later on?) until the civil war was over?
States’ rights to legalize weed.  That’s what it has become today.  It’s the legality that matters; not the specific subject on hand.  The Union was not fighting to eliminate slavery, so it is hard to argue the Confederacy was fighting to keep it.  The emancipation proclamation was a strategic act of war, making slavery illegal on reclaimed Confederate land; not within the UNION ITSELF.  Meanwhile, the Union was an economic powerhouse and major consumer of southern agricultural production.  It is likely with a little strong-arming that they would have been begging to re-enter the Union in just 20 years.  And you’re stuck with the reality, if they are “traitors,” then you’re saying they’re citizens—you’re saying Abe Lincoln used the military on AMERICAN CITIZENS on a massive scale.  Slaughtered civilians.  You don’t actually want that to be the facts, do you?
a state's right to farming tools
In the souths defense they were fighting for states rights
I love the irony of people who wave the confederate flag around alongside the US flag and claim to be super patriotic.....like sure bud, let's ignore slavery, you still murdered American soldiers and made it clear that you had no intention to stay in the union. That's treason. What sort of mental gymnastics do you have to perform in order to think that your a patriotic American whilst waving around a flag of treason?
Doobus i wanna thank you so much for this video, you see i tried to form my opinion the Confederate states based on the wikipedia but i wasnt sure if it was true because its a page where anyone can edit. your Video came to my feeds and i was like "yooo this might help me" and i was right now thanks to you Im a fellow union enjoyer 😊😊😊
Please make merch of the confederate battle flag with a giant poo on it
I just find it wild that as a liberal person who also can endorse anarchy once in a ehile makes me more of a true American than the supposed  "All American" Southerners who go and fly the United States flag right next to a Confederacy flag
THE UNION FOREVER, HURRAH BOYS HURRAH! DOWN WITH THE TRAITORS AND UP WITH THE STARS!
We got Brazil though
For the love of all holy watch this woth the captions on.
it’s joke right?
Great video. As a southerner who had family fight of the CSA this video is spot on. One thing to note however. I don’t believe Lincoln ever said anything about abolishing slavery outright(while on the campaign trail for the election of 1860), just stopping slavery from spreading into the territories. So the south succeeding from the Union was just such an overreaction and just goes to show us how truly stupid the rebellion was in the first place.
Buck breaking
You keep trying to convince me. You just keep failing.
"to do what? ... just answer my question, to do what?"  I find it odd that when it's just "mY rIgHtS" it offen crosses Everyone else's rights. if it's your right, it's my right too, and if it's my right, it's also your right.
Based lmao
Fun fact: if you are reading this, you definitely lasted longer than the CSA
im honestly convinced that the confederacy still exists but in the form of large companies underpaying the working class (slavery still bad let's not do that anymore but the working class is technically enslaved just not as bad as whatever the fuck was happening then because black people bad for no fucking reason)
Another case of Reddit History
Wow how edgy how daring.  And i am not even american
There is one inaccuracy in this video, and that’s that Lincoln was going to abolish slavery, which isn’t entirely true.  Lincoln was going to compromise by saying “ok, you can have slavery until the end of time, but the slave trade will be banned in the north”, and the south refused.  Lincoln was willing to allow slavery to exist , so long as it meant preserving the Union. The south knew that slavery wouldn’t be able to expand if they accepted, so they left.
i hate politics make more winnie the pooh videos
Am I allowed to repost this on my Instagram story with a giant text over it saying,”CREDIT TO DOOBUS GOOBUS”?
You think slaves should be free, i think slaves should be free. We are not the same
The saddest part is a lot of folks in the south who are all “Hurr Durr Murica” genuinely don’t understand that the confederacy was fighting AGAINST America…
"States rights to do what?":  Leave the Union.  That's the answer even ignoring the fact that states didn't own slaves, citizens did.    The problem with this line of argumentation is that it's irrelevant until the question "Do states have the right to leave the Union?" is answered and is still irrelevant afterwards.  If the answer is "yes" then bringing up the slavery angle is just moral posturing and only serves to muddy the water surrounding the initial question.  If the answer is "no" then it still doesn't matter because it's a mute point, states just don't have the right to leave, period.    Yes, slavery is morally reprehensible and the Confederacy was wrong for defending slavery but this isn't the way to argue against it.
As A Georgian, I Will Say, The Slavery Part I Didn't Like, But The Part Of The States Being Stupid, Was Hilarious-
The "states rights" quip was just propaganda invented to militarize non-slave owners. People tend to be more loyal to their state than their country, and it was an effective strategy telling the working class the government was coming to take their rights. So effective, it's generational. But the truth is there to see. I mean, just how hard they fought to make sure there was an equal amount of slave states to free states. We don't do that for literally any debated issue in this country.
The North was prepared to allow the South to keep their slaves but the South then wanted to have the RIGHT to go to the Northern states to reclaim their alleged escaped slaves. The South were the ones who had no respect for the Human Rights of Northern States. The South were the ones trying to take away the anti slavery State Rights of the North.
"Get Douglas'd" hahahah
States rights to govern themselves and not be subject to the federal system, but slavery was a main point because the south could not compete with the industrial north. If you want to put a more modern spin on it lets look at abortions. Some states think you should have it others not, just like slavery (funny how the lines are the same where democrats think you should and republicans think you shouldn't). Lets not gloss over the fact that they were Democrats first and Confederates second. It is just a more clear sign that you have to be inherently evil to be a democrat. Long live the Republic.
It'd have been a believable argument of "states rights" if there was a state that just straight up had like... No laws, because of the Confederacy. But I didn't read that everyone started going hog wild with crazy new laws that the states were dying to get passed, besides the slave junk... And the weird money/economy they tried to start up.
Funny how white supremacists always lose in history The Confederacy = Lost Nazi Germany = Lost Ukraine = coming soon
👏🏽 👏🏽 👏🏽 👏🏽
Fun fact: confederacy was started and run by political democrats. Kinda ironic that the current sitting president is the descendant of slave owners. Weird how that happens, huh?
It's funny that the Union took the Confederate's song Dixie and made their own version which is arguably better.
Love reading comments by people defending slavery
Now do a video titled "Abortion is bad"
"If you read about the Civil War, you'll learn that it was about slavery. If you read further about the Civil War, you'll learn that it was about a myriad of other nuanced issues in addition to slavery. And if you read even further about the Civil War, you'll learn that it was about slavery."
Immense soyboy energy radiating off this video
States rights to secede
Is this really how the civil war is taught in the south? Like using different statements like “states rights” and all?
Was it really bad?
I drink rebel tears on the daily.
Coming from a northern perspective, this video is ignorant as hell. But you got your clicks, right? :D
Leave.
I’m dead, I’m straight up about to subscribe to this mofo hit me with the Tennessee Ernie Ford this was hilarious😂 onto the next video
No one tell this guy about the European people who visited the North and said it was the worst place in the WORLD to be a slave
The civil war happened because the south seceded. The north wanted to keep land against the people living there’s will, and the south wanted to keep people against their will. Both are tyrannical and anti-American regimes. The main criminal in this whole ordeal is really the south for bringing so many Africans to America in the first place.
Thank you for calling confederate simps traitors. Yes, they are traitors. Traitors to America. Every single confederate flag is as good as a burning American flag and should make you just as angry
Union Dixie goes so hard
We did it boys, TF2 survived longer than the confederacy.
I agree with the statement. But I want to know the incentive behind making this video, because ain't no way dude woke up and decided to just randomly speak facts. There has have been some kind of trigger.
I wish we could revive Fredrick Douglass for the sole purpose of having him do professional wrestling moves on racists.
And then they moved to youtube and now cries and complains about why Marvel and Star Wars is WOKE SJW now.
I remember when I took a different bus route home and saw a confederacy flag on edge of our village. I live in Europe.
“You fucking traitor” was great
How come Maryland had slavery after the civil war?
Technically the only reason the Union fought the war was to "preserve the union", the emancipation proclamation was a threat against all of the rebelling states so they would put down their arms, But yea the confederacy was explicitly created to preserve slavery long-term, so idk where this "Lost cause" business came from.
Yeah, no matter what your modern politcal beliefs are I think that we can all agree that slavery was just straight up awful in every way shape and form
This video made me realize something.  "The South shall rise again!" has to be the world's LONGEST copium tantrum.
We still have slaves, we just call them “Blue Collar” now.  …And instead of providing them room and board, we give them paper bills in exchange for their labour, to pay for the land and home they rent. Owned by someone else. The food they consume. Produced by someone else. And to maintain themselves, which kind of helps cut costs.  I realize this sounds cynical. But it’s kind of an unfortunate reality.
The doritos locos taco lasted longer than the confederacy
In other words the sky is blue
The north owned slaves the whole war. They didn't care about abolishing slavery. They only cared about holding the union together. They also didn't like the union going into their neighborhoods, burning them down, and murdering civilians. Also the last state to abolish slavery was part of the union the whole time.
Love this
Yeah, I used to think abortions were about women's rights, but it's really just about killing babies.
They fact that they say it was about their “rights” is the most hypocritical fucking thing I’ve ever heard.
You know what’s even worse than slavery? Murder, thank goodness for states rights or we couldn’t murder unborn children 👶 🔪
Now do the border.
A stark change from "Vote however you want, LMAO! It ain't that serious." on the 'President Winnie the Pooh' video to this - but a welcome one.
Sunny really buck broke you, huh?
The first time I heard Dixie Land was when my middle school choir teacher taught us how to sing it calling it her heritage and pride from her home in the south. I'm from Wisconsin....
Prohibition of alcohol lasted longer than the confederacy.  So, umm… sobriety > slavery?
State's right to not be tariffed to bankruptcy. As for slavery, they would've given up for an alliance with Britain, until Lincoln said "Monroe Doctrine".
The secession absolutely had to do quite a bit with slavery, that is just fact. But saying the war itself was about slavery is revisionist. It wasn’t about slavery until the Emancipation Proclamation, which was more an attack on British Prestige and a genuis display of Realpolitik than a document made for discrediting slavery and promising emancipation.
Oh yea 100% but can we all agree the general Lee is still a cool car I’m mean come on 🫃
I will have you know that the civil war was about more the slavery. The Confederacy also wanted to disenfranchise women and poor people as well.
It really is this simple.  If you learn the bare minimum about the history of the U.S. Civil War, this is obvious.
didn't you dm underaged kids?
Great video but it’s spelled “seceded” actually
doobus gone political (massive L
When I lived in the south I heard this "muh states rights" thing all the time. At the time (back in the 2000's), I wasn't informed enough to make a cogent argument. I just sort of rolled my eyes and went on with my day. These days tho I wouldn't entertain it for even a second.
Watching this is cathartic
Only one small caveat. Lincoln didnt give a about slaves till later on, still the south eanted slaves so
I went to high school with this guy and he always talked about how "Middle school girls are prettier than ones in my age group" What was up with that?
Checkmate Lincolnites!
I am not a Confederate supporter but Lincoln was not prepared to end slavery where it previously existed, specifically citing him having stated, "f I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that." per the Smithsonian. His primary focus was simply reunification, not emancipation.
The Confederacy did last longer than one thing, me in bed 😎  (penid don't work 😎)
Biggest ratio ever
Oh the confederacy is "a part of your southern heritage"??? Oh, cool. Well, my family is from the North so it's part of MY heritage to not put up with your crap! Don't like it? Go back to your own country. Oh wait... That's right, IT DOESN'T EXIST!!!
This is sr pello but he uploadeds more
AND ITS FREDRICK DOUGLAS WITH THE STEEL CHAIR!
That's some mighty fine boot-licking
If you fly the confederate flag, you have surrendered your right to fly the US flag.
Aw fuck this felt good.
"The annoying orange outlived it" is the biggest insult you could say to anything i love it
Union Dixie slaps
Yeah but annoying Orange didn't last as long as the Jim Crow laws which was basically legal Confederate laws. Man that's a can of worms which is just the worst
What just happened 😂😅
Earned my sub InDeed
Don't ruin Captain Knuckles like that
states right to own property of some sort
"Instead of owning slaves why don't you own some bitches"  -union Boys
Goddamn, I'm now getting an Annoying Orange flag. I hate the thing, but the fact it lasted ~3× longer than "real heritage" is too juicy a factoid.
The first african american president lasted longer than the CSA, and that entertains me
W so big it's grants an extra life
True... BUT It is undeniable that slavery was a core issue and that outweighs everything else.
A WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
Great vid 😊
Kill doobus goobus
I never even thought about how many things including the annoying orange outlived the confederacy. Thank you for bringing this amazing information to light.
Nuh uh
Look slavery was bad no one's denying that but this shit I genuinely annoying there were ecomic factors as well such as the embargo on Brittain, which was a major income for the south.   But everyone else prefers to go the simpsons route.  Examiner: reason for the Civil War? Apu : Actually, there were numerous causes. Aside from the obvious schism between the abolitionists and the anti-abolitionists, there were economic factors, both domestic and inter... Examiner : Wait, wait... just say slavery.
The Stormcloaks fought for states rights in skyrim
Preface; this is not a pro-confederacy objection. This IS however a rather deliberate thrashing of the overly reductive argument "states rights to do what" as it places the north in a moral high-ground it does not collectively earn and understates just how thoroughly addicted to the economic degeneration of slavery the south truly was. They weren't just morally reprehensible for the ownership of slaves, they were addicted to the practice beyond any and all ability to be reasoned with and that's why it came to violence.  The south was irreconcilable and their rebellion was predicated on the basis that nothing the north could offer them would keep the union together. The south had lost all faith in their ability to protect their right to own slaves in 1860, not 1861. The civil war was a war for state's rights to govern independently of a federated system because they had fought and lost a legislative process to equitably represent their interests disproportionately to their actual democratic representation (already bloating their congressional representation with the horrific 3/5 compromise). It is disingenuous to reductively say "the civil war was fought over slavery" because the matter of slavery became unconditional before any shots were fired on Fort Sumpter; nothing the north could offer in the form of promises or protections would undo the damage of electing an abolitionist like Lincoln. The south announced their separation from the union without bloodshed, and the north began amassing its combined forces to challenge that declaration.  The south seceded, the north postured to retake the southern states by force of arms, and this culmination of military force was what compelled the confederacy to pre-emptively attack Fort Sumpter in the defense of their own proclaimed sovereignty. If the war had been fought over slavery, the north would have passed a law of abolition, the south would have violated the law by refusing to enforce it as morally degenerate addicts will do, and the north would have declared martial law and deployed forces to compel enforcement of said emancipation.
Annoying Orange 14 yrs old  isn’t that how old that girl was you were caught flirting with?
Get him Douglas
There was a little more than slavery but it was mainly slavery
Southern heritage isnt about the nation its about what has lived on for years and decades longer than you have been alive
I am not american😌
cOnFeDeRaCy NoT oLd.  Dixieland =/= Confederacy
Don't make me get John Brown and Sherman, Rebel
Get 'em, Doobus.
“Um, it was about the economy.”  Oh, you mean the slave economy?
I don’t care if I disagree with your beliefs. Let’s all come together collectively and agree that racism sucks ass.
“staterightstodowhat?” - Little green fellow
theres something so intensely funny about "get douglass'd" that i love about this, idk what it is
I’m from Texas and I fell upset but agreed
Greatest video on earth, suck it traitors
Seceding was a big part
Me when anyone tries to argue for an obvious bad system.
Oh no don’t tell the truth that shows why the political right needs to change. The hate that.
He's not wrong, a lot of things are gray not black and white.   But the Confederacy is not one of those gray things 🤣
If you go to school south of the Mason Dixon they always try to make the confederacy more complicated than it was. “State rights to do what?” Is always my response. A nation built solely for the purpose of perpetuating one of the greatest evils of humanity that got utterly clapped in a war that killed more Americans than every other war combined. That’s what the Confederate flag represents. The South should be just as embarrassed of that as the Germans are of the Nazis but 🤷🏼‍♀️
*John Brown Has Entered The Chat*
It's always states right to keep slavery.  When these right wingers scream states rights, it's ALWAYS about discriminating people they do not like.  It used to be blacks then onto gays next and now focusing on transgender people.
Guys I don’t understand why everyone says the Civil War was our deadliest conflict when America only lost 360,222 soldiers but in WW2, we lost 405,400. Can anyone explain this discrepancy? (/s)
This is the best thing you've ever done. Often I find your stuff enjoyable but kind of obnoxious, but in this case the bluntness is extremely necessary to make the point.
Ya they deff got rid of slavery, 7.25$ minimum wage, but sure no slavery.
In his 1861 inaugural address, Abraham Lincoln said, "Apprehension seems to exist among the people of the Southern States that by the accession of a Republican administration their property [is] to be endangered.... I have no purpose, directly or indirectly to interfere with the institution of slavery in the United States where it exists.... I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so."
BASEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Good thing the good guys won and definitely didn't frame their atrocities on their foes
I kinda liked it tbh (sarcasm) until we got our capital burnt down that wasn’t so great
As a Southern man in Louisiana with a black father, I shudder to think what those Confederate assholes would have done to him when they caught wind of black man knocking up a white woman.
Goobus you are the goat for this shit my guy.
Confederates have exactly one valid point. The feds should never be able to ban ANYTHING, period (yes even slavery), the federal government is supposed to work more like the UN and it's only purpose is to maintain cohesion in the face of external factors. The outcome of the civil war resulted in a never ending chain of federal overreach we have never and may never recover from and fundamentally bound the states into federal slavery.
CSA was stinky everyone whos anyone knows this.   That being said people praising the north are silly. Abraham Lincoln and Sherman ran mass executions of natives and mass imprisonment. Millions of acres signed away to union. Sherman also did war crimes against slaves bafflingly enough. Best case civil war scenario? War drags on so long that workers revolt and take over means of production, slaves rebel and do the same in south.
"I ain't racist, I got 4 *black* tiers and a *colored* tv!"
Imagine an American talking about who deserved what. Imagine an American talking about evil. Imagine an American asking for right to enslave.  Things are clearly Black and white in history. And united scheiss-stains are definitely the bad of history. A tumour on this world. We asked for challenge, and gods' gave us you. Retards with seemingly unlimited power.
1:01 I never thought of it that way, but it is a good point.
I've even heard people who say the Confederate flag represents "Rebellion" in the south rather than being a slaver nation.
The gray area is the fact that the union committed war crimes in the south
It's part of MY heritage to destroy the confederacy <3
My god. Tell us how murder is bad too
Celebrate Palestine?
I dont think people are very much interested defending American slavery in actuality
ronald rizz owns u
Lol at reddit history.
Away down south in the land of traitors. Rattlesnakes and alligators. Right away, come away Right away, come away Where cotton's king and men are chattles Union boys will win the battles Right away, come away Right away, come away We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away Away We'll all go down to Dixie
The lack of historical accuracy made by defenders of the white flag wavers is absolutely hilarious. Here is a direct exerceot from South Carolina Congress Jon McQueen’s correspondence letter on Secession.  “…It is a source of unfeigned joy to me to believe, as I do, that "Virginia yet in time will surely stand like South Carolina, a free, sovereign and independent State, ready to unite with her Southern sisters."  I have never doubted what Virginia would do when the alternatives present themselves to her intelligent and gallant people, to choose between an association with her sisters and the dominion of a people, who have chosen their leader upon the single idea that the African is equal to the Anglo-Saxon, and with the purpose of placing our slaves on equality with ourselves and our friends of every condition! and if we of South Carolina have aided in your deliverance from tyranny and degradation, as you suppose, it will only the more assure us that we have performed our duty to ourselves and our sisters in taking the first decided step to preserve an inheritance left us by an ancestry whose spirit would forbid its being tarnished by assassins.  We, of South Carolina, hope soon to great you in a Southern Confederacy, where white men shall rule our destinies, and from which we may transmit to our posterity the rights, privileges and honor left us by our ancestors.”
That last part always gets me! The Confederacy lasted just 4 fucking years. There are pet rats that live longer than that...
That was a pretty good cartoon.  But remember folks, you should have standards for the people you look up to. Doobus should get no death threats for this obviously, but he should not get brownie points either. Why?  Because this is clearly and obviously the right thing to say! I'm not gonna give you brownie points for saying the Holocaust was bad or saying that murder should be illegal.  Some more adjacent thinga are when people say "Trans rights!" or "Stop Asian Hate" that's literally just.... a normal thing to believe in. People shouldn't get recognized for ... being the bog standard of a normal person. And if someone who has said those things turns out to be a not so good person (cough cough squizzy), don't use that stuff to defend them.  Have standards, people. Stay safe out there!
Do some research. Slavery in truth was on it's way out. It was Virginia that first made it illegal to import new Slaves first but all States individually passed the same thing.  State's rights to abolish federal laws they don't support is the answer to your question. This issue dates back to the creation of our Country and why the Civil War happened so close to after the US was formed. Both sides were ending slavery but it was about how and when (This is evident in General Lee's letters, who shouldn't have any statutes cause he didn't want them). Southern States would have been much slower at it. The moral issue of Slavery was definitely a factor. People like to forget how Racist the North was back then and how they didn't want Black people in the West. The reason they caused a civil war was Abe Lincoln was elected in without a single Southern Electoral vote.   With all this said the Confederacy was dumb and foolish because the main driver of war was money. The South believed it needed more time to change away from the Slave economy and felt it would never recover. They did recover amazingly well, though they were hurt by losing that income source. Despite what some will tell you about slave cost and all that.   Slavery is still around. It's just been modified for punishment. Read the article carefully.
0:40 clonne highj
It took more time for Tobey Maguire to put on his spider-suit again than the confederacy's lifetime.
Wattpad is older, Wattpad.
Now if we can look at the bible the same way...
"If it ain't burning they ain't learning" General Sherman
I had a history teacher who was southern who pretty much said that the confederates wanted to secede from the union because they didn’t like that Abe Lincoln was going to try and abolish slavery
kill doobus
THANK YOU! i often wanna scream this in lost causers face
THE ANNOYING ORANGE SHALL RISSSSE AGAAAIN
The confederacy was and still is the ideology of democrats
I don't even know what the confederacy is, don't know who's this (0:34) guy, and who's this (0:39) guy, I don't know these dates. Im not even american, but  is funy
*battle hymn of the republic intensifies*
Oh boy, he's getting into politics lol.  Hopefully he knows which political parties did what in history.
Of all the youtubers i expect to piss off confederate fanboys, Doobus "haha funni animations" Goobus was not one of them
honestly "states right" is mostly bullshit on everything like restricting immigration, regulating enterprise and firearms, segregation, central planning... local tyranny is still tyranny. The guy that violated actual "states rights" by putting the federal government in charge of the entire economy
I’ve lived in the Midwest my entire life. And even though I’ve never really seen any confederate defenders I myself was one for a short time. But I looked at the facts and decided to learn and grew out of it.
I feel like this came about because that one grave got destroyed
Meanwhile in China at about the same time, a civil war was happening because some guy thought he was the brother of Jesus. That war lasted 14 years and killed 20-30 million. That's more than World War 1 by a long shot.
What if I think owning slave is cool
Confederates violating human rights everyday: 🤠  Confederates when General Sherman: 🤯
The soul of the conferedated watching proudly how even in a non slavery country the sistemic racism and explotation of minorities has spread out all the United States during the rest of 19 century and most of 20 century
The aberham Lincoln from clone high
I was expecting a LOT more braindead people in these comments then there actually is...... This is good
bait, but why? the 4th was TWO weeks ago
I think state’s rights is mentioned twice in the articles of succession and slavery is mentioned over 30 times. It also explicitly says that they believed in white supremacy. They were not burned enough.
It makes me unbelievably proud that there is a great majority of the United States population that shares the same sentiment and views towards the confederacy:  they're sore losers and won't shut up about it.
Yeah that wouldn't be the grey part of the Civil War at all. Really Civil War was just so a few rich guys didn't have to pay for labor. Yeah that's still kind of black and white, but kinda sucks how people who didn't really have any stake in that had to fight a war over it.
If you want to know what the war was really about just look at trade. Where did the south import from before and after the civil war.
Clearly you don't understand states rights. For example in today's world you can legally buy weed in Colorado, yet you drive 5 hours down the road your a criminal. States rights has slowly crept back into play through the years and they changed its name. Also racism won't die either if you keep voting for the people who oppress everyone the most. But stay woke and keep hating southern people cause you think it's cool bro. Just remember the Lord loves you and when shit hits the fan don't come to my House
Nearly got into a fight with a "true American patriot" when I pointed out that the confederacy had tried to secede from American and fired on American soldiers so  him having a Confederate flag on his lifted truck meant he was actually a supporter of traitors to America.
Never ask a man how much he makes. Never ask a woman her age. Never ask a racist the color of his girlfriend.  And never ask the North what Rhode Island's ports were primarily used for before, during and after the civil war.
*Apostles of Disunion* should be mandatory reading. Its shocking how easy it is to prove that the war had nothing to do with “States Tights”
This was probably the quickest I’ve ever subscribed to a channel.
I approve this message. Ironic how the confederates were democrats too 😂
Im not American but that song goes pretty hard ngl
F😂
We have been waiting for geometry dash 2.2 for almost double the life of the confederacy.
The confederates were traitors, why should traitors be celebrated?
I do believe that the confederacy is a dumbass thing to support, i see that flag as a symbol of the south. Then again, alot of times i see what things STAND for not STOOD for. Why can't I just be the Dixie  flag and not the evil flag
Make a winne the poo toy like a figure or a plushie
Slavery was 400 years ago stop being inigorant 🐵
I'm gonna say one thing tho, the South was led by Democrats.
My favourite cartoon video
As A BLACK MAN (I have to emphasize this incase it ends up on that one subreddit )  I disagree with the confederacy, sure. But the confederate flag is still the coolest looking flag  in american history, with the exception of the betsy ross flag (the 13 colonies flag) that comes at a close second.
"W-well not all the soldiers owned slaves! So why do you think they supported it?"  "Sure they didnt own slaves, but they were still opposed to emancipation. Because they were under the impression that the freed black men would immediately rise up and kill all the white people."
the take was hot, the Douglass elbow was cold
In all fairness the reason slavery was actually abolished was because Abraham Lincoln hated the fact the south had free labor thus making it richer then the north. IM NOT CONDONING THE CONFEDERACY. I just wanted to point out something that happened. This wasn’t a moral decision by the north it was a financial one. Being a Latin Texas boy I feel like a lot of history is just flat out ignored for either moral or victim reasons. I mean my ancestors ran the west coast from the Canadian border down to what is now South America but instead we just say the Native Americans where the only ones here getting murdered and losing land. Then there was the fact that my ancestors where also slaves for a short time but because we where basically savage warriors and hard to control, African Americans are considered the only slaves in America because… fuck I feel dirty even saying this but it was the confirmed reason, that African people where just super easy to capture and control even by their own people making their enslavement last longer. On top of the “Natives” and Latins being here building what is now modern America, Asians where also integral to the construction of the modern day but AGAIN we clam Africans built this country because of slavery. Look American history is dark as hell but I like to think we’re in a much better time where for the most part we work together and try to be more sympathetic even sometimes overly sympathetic to people to the point where we essentially baby them. I also want to point out that even though my people’s history is ignored so other races are capable of playing half the victim cards that they do, I DON’T WANT A FUCKING MONTH nor do I want people looking up that missing history in order to go “oh that’s so sad, let’s get mad at white people” because that’s just stupid. Despite how dark it can be history is a lot of fun (to me) to look up and explore. Not just mine but every single race has a fascinating history, scary stories, religious practices and mysteries. Thanks for sticking around for this rant BTW. I definitely got a bit off track.  Edit: I forgot to mention that my people weren’t innocent either, I’m of Aztec descent and we loved cutting off heads for fun so… yeah.
GET EM DOUGLASS
Correct me if I’m wrong but I remember hearing that Brazil actually supported the South and when they lost the war let a bunch of people seek refuge in the country which led to a very proud confederate town in Brazil. On the bright side I hear Brazilians harass them a lot nowadays
The "States rights to do what" argument is the stupidest argument against the Confederacy.  States rights to set policy for themselves instead of having to conform to centralized government. Like some current states did when they defied the federal government in favour of providing asylum for refugees. Or how California defied federal law about weed for years.   Being able to defy the central government is a GOOD thing and that was what it was about for many in the Confederacy. It wasn't all of the slave states either and Lincoln initially only planned to abolish slavery in rebel states, leaving the so called "Border States" free to enslave as much as they like.   Remember also that this commitment to states' rights was a major problem for the CSA itself as the constituent states really didn't like following orders from Richmond and ignored them with pretty much the same reasoning they used for secession in the first place: It should be a states' right to set policy for itself and the central administration's job should just be to mediate between the states and to unify foreign policy.    You can fault the CSA for so many things, don't use the lowest tier "gotcha".
It can be both you know. But still fuck the traitors
States right to not be cold turkey plunged into perpetual poverty over moral outrage about a system that had existed globally for centuries and perpetuated by nonwhite people on other continents.  Slavery would have been phased out anyway due to technological advances just around the corner at the time of the civil war. It would have been financially unviable to continue slavery. Yet it wasn’t quick enough for the abolitionists of the time. 600,000+ people died for something that would’ve happened anyway.  Brazil saw similar levels of slavery and they were able to get rid of it *several decades after the American Civil War* without the same massive amounts of bloodshed or enabling any sort of equivalent to Jim Crow laws in the aftermath.  Mass murder is more morally evil than enslavement and/or racial hatred. A slave can be freed and a person can be reformed. A life cannot be brought back.
Crazy that slavery still exists in the modern age. You’d think itd die out as a concept by now surely
Wow slavery is bad real revolutionary idea. But for real great vid
WE'LL ALL DO DOWN TO DIXIE!
Sherman did not go far enough with these unrepentant traitors.
Right wingers be like
“I would save the Union. I would save it the shortest way under the Constitution. The sooner the national authority can be restored; the nearer the Union will be "the Union as it was." If there be those who would not save the Union, unless they could at the same time save slavery, I do not agree with them. If there be those who would not save the Union unless they could at the same time destroy slavery, I do not agree with them. My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that. What I do about slavery, and the colored race, I do because I believe it helps to save the Union; and what I forbear, I forbear because I do not believe it would help to save the Union. I shall do less whenever I shall believe what I am doing hurts the cause, and I shall do more whenever I shall believe doing more will help the cause. I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors; and I shall adopt new views so fast as they shall appear to be true views.”  Lincoln after the battle of Antietam, the largest battle in the civil war and followed by the emancipation proclamation  States right to leave the union.  Not only to mention both side used conscription, meaning men either had to fight or face consequences, so i wouldn’t consider my German family living in Texas who were made to fight were fighting for slavery, and I don’t think then went from being against and not in favor of slavery to all of a sudden “fucj the blacks” and anyone who says history isnt very dark shades of grey doesn’t know history. Btw you didn’t even put the confederate flag up, not only was that flag not used during the civil war, it was used by the kkk, but it was also rejected by the csa government in favor of the stars in bars, the stainless banner, and the blood stained banner, in fact the only real use would be the csa navy
"States rights" has always been about limiting human rights.
I'm from Kansas. I really hate seeing other people here with the confederate flag anywhere. Our whole history is "I don't want slaves" and being killed for it, so we killed them back and set John Brown on them.
"It's my heritage" Yeah, and my heritage is kicking your heritage's slaving ass. Got off the boat from Ireland and joined the Union Army.
Im gonna create a culture that makes slave owners into heroes. They arent all that bad, even though they wanted slaves rather than give shoeless Johnny reb a job. Even though slavery was the reason they had no representation in Washington. No representation without population.
The Confederacy actually gave way fewer rights to states, they couldn't even choose to abolish slavery.
=-]D
God Bless the US Of A!
Fun fact that sh**s on the states rights argument, one of the confederate states enshrined in there constitution the abolishment of slavery, till the rest of the confederate states forced them to include slavery again.
Any queer person who has been out for more than 5 years and is accused of it being just a phase can say "a phase that is longer than the confederacy"
Hard to get a real country being them part of one built on genocide and cultural appropriation
Everyone I know in my discord server clowns on the south, from China to Denmark, from Canada to Mexico and even the UK all my friends clown on the south. Its just what we all have in common.
Only thing grey about the civil war was the traitors uniforms.
Traitors are a questionable argument there.  But all the rest shouldn't be controversial, true.
Muhahahaha! Excellent.
It's crazy that this has to be explained
Believe it or not the Bible is actually Pro REPARATIONS ✔Genesis 15:12-13 White People and Even Ashkenazi Jews Saying Black people are the real Jews
"States rights" and "don't let the federal government control us" are literally the selling points the rich southerns used to whip up the broke ass share-croppers working the fields next to the slaves (for barely anything more) to go fight and die for those rich bastards. It blows my mind seeing people use those arguments to defend the Confederacy to this day
With the main situation of the Confederacy forming we do have to keep in mind that the south, a primarily farming region that larger farms utilize slaves to bolster production, would have very well likely been crippled by the possibility of Lincoln's freeing of the slaves. As the more agricultural based the regions in America at the time were the more likely you may encounter a plantation with slave labor as northern states that were more developed or western states that are either frontier states or territories are not viable to be farmed as most of it is untaimed wilderness and needed to be cultivated for farming or grazing.  For perspective back when fuel still utilized lead to achieve higher octane compression rates we were operating cars that on paper could outmatch the cars post leaded fuel ban, only years later after tweaking the fuel chemical composition we were able to achieve similar octane levels to pre-ban effectiveness with the lead.  We also need to realize that the country was not as centralized as we are now, meaning that if New York factories didn't really want to play ball with southern states they could reallocate the goods to individuals to the north west (modern day mid west). Not to say the south did not have any means of producing their own equipment as they were able to outfit their armies but they would be very slow in comparison to the north and the cities they had. So when the eventual separation of the Confederacy occurred and the kick off of the war we could see that maybe really early on that the members of the Confederate armies were either the preexisting states militias that held loyalties to the states they were born in or serve for and the stanch believers that felt slavery needed to stay. But as the war progressed you see those armies get slowly replaced by a lot of individuals who only wish to defend their homes and their neighbors. Neither the north or south were embodiments of saints nor were they all devils, yes as any war there will and always will be outliers.  As a Wisconsinite I may be in constant disgust of our government and current Governor Tony Evers, but if we were to be invaded by any force that threatens my states man's lives I will be willing to pick up arms like the Confederates.   -Now I know that you are poking fun at those who are very limited in their logic of "States rights" and you normally do super short videos and for those who likely support the Confederates are not looking any deeper than that level. And I too feel they need to be knocked down a peg, but do keep in mind that for those who know that their ancestor(s) only enlisted in the Confederate army to protect his family and were non-slave owners or showing respect for the idea of being able to seperate from a union that hoards states like how our healthcare hoards money that they may have a good reason to them to fly the Confederate flag.
The sad thing is ,  a lot of "Heritage" apologists from the South,  aren't necessarily evil or stupid.  It's because of a long standing indoctrination process in schools that teach a very inaccurate history so they grow up brainwashed into believing a lie and become ignorant and combative adults who only encounter accurate history when interacting with people outside of their generation or region.  (e.g. the internet, younger relatives, etc.)     People with "shows" like the one depicted are full on con artists, though.  They prey on people and are sowing animosity toward learning true history for profit.     - From  someone who grew up in Tennessee in the 1990's/2000's with family that were born and raised in Alabama and Mississippi during the 1970's.    Some people can be extremely combative about their perception of history or the the world because they grew up brainwashed by propaganda and it's a long process to de-program them.
Also I really love your  channel  your a legend
Please do more whinny the poo but he rules the entire universe please
Death threats?
Disclaimer: I’m not supporting the confederacy, but I am going to be intellectually honest so that the actual argument in its original form can be heard.  Originally, any rights not designated by the constitution to the federal government are up to the states to decide. The reason this was such a big deal was that political parties in certain states had different amounts of votes depending on the population in the house. States with slaves got more house seats with the 3/5ths compromise, this giving them more political power vs the north, who was actively trying to prevent states from being slave states for this reason. It was less of a moral dilemma than a political agenda (though we can all agree that the results make us better off today). With the North trying to prevent the South gaining more power with slaves using the federal government (they had the majority of seats in the Senate), this set what was viewed as a dangerous precedent. “If the government doesn’t like it, they can just pass a federal law that supersedes any state law despite what the state or is he Constitution says.”  This is what people mean when they say “it was about states rights”. The government reached over the constitution when it probably should have been a state decision at the time (ironically, the practice had been dying out until the invention of cotton gin, which was made in the hope of reducing slavery, which in turn helped ramp slavery up again).
"Get a real country" with an american flag behind the quote is a really good joke for ending this flavorsome video
Based Goobus a true American hero
It blows my mind that people still support this loser ideology 160 years later
As a Southerner, I do not support the confederacy or slavery in any way... But-
I'm not even American yet this gave me the true American urge to fight against some confederate traitors
I like your vids, but this was Reddit tier cringe.
The Confederacy is better because USA is shit. Both are shades of brown, but if there were two powerful american states, USA wouldn't be so expansionist. This is the only reason I prefer one over the other. It just will be better for the world as a whole
Razorfist has a whole video essay on why the propaganda understanding if the civil war is not true
It blows my mind how Americans parade around with flags from a cou try we beat and was our legit enemy. The confederacy was anti American. Nazis are anti American. And you still sees these flags being waved around in America. Traitors.
Average South Carolinian
🇺🇸
i was talking with a dude once, until i found out he supported the confederate flag. he claimed, "it's just heritage!"  i pointed out that the heritage of the original people who created and supported the flag was wanting to own people like him as property, even though he was partially white. he was not thrilled and kept trying to defend the flag. i blocked him. no helping stupid sometimes.
To chalk up that the only reason for the deadliest war in american history was for only one reason, is the dumbest thing ive ever heard. Now slavery was a factor in the civil war no one denies that, slavery of course is an unethical retched system and we should all be thankful for its abolition. However, let me ask you this was your average middle-class to low class white farmer/factory worker that owned no slaves fighting to keep slavery, no of course not. Also, was your average mexican-american of whom overwhelmingly fighting for the confederates pro-slavery despite the fact that mexico outlawed slavery, no of course not. And finally the infamous Robert E. Lee the poster boy of the confederacy was actually against slavery as an institution ah yes i bet you never learned that. So therefore, there must be more factors at play.
DKTV, also known as Donkey Kong Planet, a bizarre spinoff of the DKC TV series, lasted from 1996 to 2001, longer than the Confederacy
i read your bio. it says you're a hoot. i now tell people to  "watch dooby gooby. he's a hoot.". they think you're a hoot. 🙂
y'know, i keep telling my mom this, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuutttttttttttttt, she said there were other reasons for the confederacy... i dont like that..
i want to post this video in front of every texan
As someone from Texas I can confirm the Confederacy was not good and my cat lived longer
THE WAIT FOR SILKSONG HAS LASTED LONGER THAN THE CONFEDERACY ✨️✨️
I’ve had Minecraft worlds that have lasted longer than the confederacy
Nice
I’ve heard it was about taxes. Also the people in my town are confederate trump supporting uneducated filth. Hell is real and it’s in Oklahoma.
Also the other confederate concerns quite literally backed the institution of slavery
You see, it was also about the conflict between abolitionists and anti-abolitionists.  People actually say that with a straight face.
I completely agree with and love this video and don’t have much to add. So I’ll just say that I love how you made Abe look like his clone high counterpart
👏👏👏
0:38  that can either be Wikipedia or a government website... I'm not sure which  0:34  is there a source that I'm missing, or is that just a png off of google?
I completely agree that cultures that allow slavery shouldn't be encouraged in civilized countries, I'm glad you feel the same way about the Muslim and African cultures as you do the Dixie boys.
I find it funny that POKÉMON lasted nearly SEVEN TIMES longer than the confederacy
not the confederate flag since youre such a history buff
I guess to put it another way, saying the Civil War was about states rights is like saying the abortion debate is about the “right to choose”.   The right to choose what, ma’am? 🧐
Even though I would disagree with slavery outside of sexual roleplay, I do embrace and appreciate many aspects of taboo culture such as rebels and neo nazi's. I just like the idea of taking something bad and subverting it into a sort of mockery of what once was, taking aesthetics and leaving the morals behind.
What is that banger of a song at the end
The funny thing is, the grey guy is technically right with his lead-in, very few things are definitively black and white, mostly they're in shades of grey.  The American Civil War was just not one of those things.
Robert e lee on his way to send doobus goobus to Yankee hell for disrespecting his plans to teleport dixie to the giant artic  gates to the middle earth
"Checkmate, Lincolnites!!" 😂
I can't stop watching this. It's a work of art.
fuck yes
Well, the north was demolishing the economy of the south! Really? What was the economy of the south based on?
“It’s our right…to oppress people who we think don’t deserve any.”  Oh how history mimics itself.
Fucking Keepign up with the Kardashians has lasted longer than the Confederacy. Fuckign Keeping up with the Kardashians.
Tldr: the confederacy would never survive even if they won due to embargoes and no value to their currenxy. Not to mention no idustry for their abundance of raw materials.   So lets take this one step further shall we? This is all done with HS level US history 2 knowledge taught at a slower level (ie not ap)  For one brier moment, say we we actually had secession happen. But before this lets focus on a particular battle. That is the battle of Gettysburg. Why did the south travel so far into Union territory? For boots. The main issue the south had was a lack of industry. Pre Civil War there was trade to allow raw materials gathered in the south being taken to factories in the north to become manufactured. This is geneally how the US is self sustaining.   Civil war happens and surprise, no matter how much cotton you have its not going to get produced into anything because that was your enemies job. Meanwhile the north who had the means by which to trade with Europe give already existing relationships with other countries and manufacturing to make quality uniforms and of course boots. Can out economy the south. If anything it would just end up being a North Koera situation. The south could never financially surivive on its own without the north. They lack man power, a strong currency and industry. Why celebrate such a weak and poor 3rd world country.
I loved this
This is a little misleading. The confederacy didn't care about states rights as they had absolutely no problem passing federal laws maintaining slaves who made it north were property and the northern states HAD to let slave catchers bring them back... But yeah, aside from that great video. Thanks algorithm.
As an ardent Unionist, East Tennessean, and a "yes it was about slavery" person, this is still pretty dumb.
I mean, to be fair, Lincoln only made the war officially about slavery to both bolster morale and to get the French and British to stop giving the Confederates stuff. Slavery as a whole was considered an economic issue, not a moral one. The real problem was that the North thought that the South's reasoning for secession was illegitimate, which is its own massive debate.
A states rights to make its own laws are the key to any functional republic
Should be shown in every American classroom in the south
the right to leave, most obviously. the north is the party that turned it into a war when the south TRIED TO LEAVE.
Friendly reminder that the Confederacy were such SORE LOSERS that they rewrote their own history books, destroyed records of even owning slaves, created a law system to oppress so-called "inferiors," and created what we now know of as the Nice Guy/Girl.
Exactly
Its far more nuanced that that.  GJ saying Slavery is bad, how controvertial and brave.
“If I could save the union and not free a single slave I would” - Abraham Lincoln   “We are not fighting for slavery we are fighting for freedom” - Jefferson Davis   “Whereas an insurrection against the Government of the United States has broken out in the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, and the laws of the United States for the collection of the revenue can not be effectually executed therein conformably to that provision of the Constitution which requires duties to be uniform throughout the United States” -Lincoln Proclamation 81   “The Northern onslaught against Southern slavery is a specious piece of humbug designed to mask their desire for the economic control of the Southern states” - Charles Dickens
States rights do what 💪🔥❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
states rights to freely trade with other nations independently of the federal government, particularly the UK
Wow what a mainstream opinion you’re so counter culture man!
Me and the boys in the civil war be like: OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLE SNAKES AND ALLIGATORS, RIDE AWAY! COME AWAY! RIDE AWAY! COME AWAY!
The most sympathetic story you could realistically tell would be southern families by the border at the start of the conflict who got raided and pillaged by the union when they were just trying to exist. Not everyone in the confederacy owned slaves. In fact comparatively few did, and just because the majority of people in a state voted to secede, that doesn't mean everyone wanted to. There were genuinely decent families just trying to exist who got caught in the crossfire, but make no mistake even if they were initially the victims, if they joined the confederacy, then they were traitors to the union who were fighting (intentionally or not) to allow the selling and owning of human beings to continue. Sympathy ≠ a full pardon from your wrong doings.  BTW, here's a list of a few things that have lasted longer than the confederacy did. -Gold fish -Animal crackers -Fortnite -Minecraft -Marvel (a fictional comic series) -Mickey mouse (a literal animated mouse) -Popeye the Sailor -The people defending the confederacy -Literally any other actual country that you could trace your real heritage to -Barbie -The marching songs used by the confederacy  -Pepe the Frog
Anyone who is still puzzled can refer to the articles of secession, especially South Carolina (the first) who explicitly stated to preserve the institution of slavery. You can also look into Texas, and I believe Florida as well. Anyone who tells you different, well you can thank the sisters of the confederacy for that. They are the reason why there is this notion of a ‘gray’ area. The irony is, if they had not seceded, Lincoln more than likely would have to concede some political power and compromise. But war leads to a victor that determines the outcome. So there’s that.
Lincoln’s wife is interesting if your naive to think he is a hero
3/10 video ur vids are usually funnier
Ya but they have a kick ass Flag.
Slavery is also inefficient is also why it should be abolished, especially in “”Africa””
When your ideology was outlived by a talking cracked out fruit, then it's safe to say you started out with something extremely rotten
Honestly I used to get a lil sus vibes from you but this, right after trans rights on twitter? Holy hell dude, you are AMAZING!
In other news the moon orbits earth.
can I steal Da Troo Histowree Show as a podcast name
i love that song at the end. i play it at work just to piss off the trump crowd.
Lincoln wanted to contain slavery. Abolishing it came later. The Confederates wanted to not only secede but expand to the west  Edit: I’m not pro-confederate, I’m saying that southerners wanted slavery to be expanded, the guy in the video made it sound like Lincoln wanted to abolish slavery all along even though he wasn’t good enough for some radical abolitionists and it was only as the war was dragging out that he signed the emancipation proclamation. The South could’ve easily waited four years and vote Lincoln out but instead they chose the violent path of killing thousands of people.
An entire economic system was threatened. No shit the people benefiting from that system were going to revolt.
Boy it's almost like the green guy got mad that there's people who read a book and didn't just stick to the federal governments false narratives or the fact the CSA wasn't founded by one man but by vote. You strawman arguing commie, among other myths this video peddles.
Cool story bro! I mean, it's not like the North wanted to tax the entire South due to the ridiculous amount of money they were making with cotton and tobacco and the South had some issues with it.  Nor is it the fact that the North too had slaves (and by European emissaries were treated a lot harshly than in the South) and once good ol' Abraham passed the Emancipation Proclamation that freed slaves ONLY in the rebelling states, leaving slavery STILL LEGAL IN THE NORTH (and some Southern states that were willing to work with Abraham) which did cause riots in major Northern cities that resulted in fatalities.   Nor is the fact that Abraham couldn't give two shits about black people and the only reason he passed the proclamation is because he was counting on the black slaves rebelling within the now unprotected southern manors that had all of its able-bodied men in the Confederate army and only had their wives and children, fully expecting to kill them and worse.  Nor is the fact that 'honest' Abe had a secret police closely monitoring the newspaper to make sure the Union looked like the "good guys".   Nah, it's because they had a sudden epiphany and went "waitaminute, slavery BAD!" and fought to free the slaves from the south while the northern ones were shit outta luck.  It was never about abolishing slavery, it was about taxing the shit out of the South to get the piece of that big ol' pie it had. Neither sides were good, but at least the South was very honest about itself and didn't look like hypocrites in the end.
Even its own death outlived it.
I have yet to meet any Neo Confederates, even in the South.
I'm not usually the most "hip hooray  America" type, until the topic shifts to the Civil War.  Then I feel the eagle within take flight
Doobus Goobus I am the great great grand nephew of Mary Todd Lincoln on my mother´s side of the family for before my mother married her last name was Todd. Here are my thoughts being look I know this may offend you yet I have to side with The Confederacy because of what our nation became for it became too politically correct and too woke to the point that basic knowledge is being classified as false information. At least with a Confederate victory political correctness and wokism will be delayed. Here is an example being the fact that there are only two genders yet now that is being classified as false information. I read Arkansas´s reason and it did not mention slavery at all and instead it mentioned that our government was abusing its power by sending troops to South Carolina and wanted to protect its fellow state from an unlawful act. I read the Constitution and Bill of Rights and nowhere does it say that states can´t leave The Union.
Let's also not forget we bought them from their kings since they were criminals and POWs. But I gotta say, we are proudly traitors to tyrants.  💪🏻😎
Hasanabi head checking in, may not be the first here, but definitely won't be the last after this.
Wrong flag but good point
Funny story because Lincoln didn't want to free the slaves and actually only freed slaves in the rebel south.
It's obvious slavery should never be condoned anywhere, but also the government now is so fucking corrupt, that it demands the protection of state's rights -- AND NO, NOT TO SLAVERY YOU INCEL! I mean against corporate, company and political powers that currently oppress us by pushing heinous agendas with the services we use daily!
Based goobus
While it’s obvious that slavery was bad (if you think that’s controversial you’re an idiot), it’s not the main reason for the civil war. It has a lot more to do with taxes, states rights, etc. let’s not forget, the union had slaves too.   But yes before anyone who can’t read goes off slavery is obviously bad.
Cringe
The only half-decent arguments I ever hear are that "the north was militarily aggressive when they 'peacefully' succeeded" and that "the flag is more so about family and tradition these days." They are still flawed arguments, though. The south was *also* militarily aggressive, and attacking US forts (even in your own supposed territory) was going to be met with retribution. The flag one is more reasonable, except that the American flag is *also* used in the exact same context and is typically used IN THE SAME SETTING so why not just use that. There is also the always fun added bit of "it is also about the willingness to rebel against a government that has become unjust" but I will leave that one alone because the implication is just so hilarious obvious.
As a Minnesotan, I have much respect for the soldiers that fought and bled for the Confederacy - They fought bravely and paid the ultimate sacrifice for a lost cause, and should at least be remembered as our brothers.  The Confederate politicians, elites, and slaveholders that started the Civil War, however, can rot in Hell.
Actually in your thumbnail is wrong that is the military flag not the real confederacy flag
Slaves worked less hours and had better nutrition than free white farmers in the north! Slaves would’ve been slaves in Africa or Arabia instead anyway where they would’ve been castrated and deliberately worked to death! Disregarding state’s rates in a case where you think it’s bad still does disregard state’s rights in a broader general sense as well! Physical or sexual abuse towards slaves was not common during slavery! Slavery was not good for the national economy, slaves did not built this country!
The north want to taxes the South and this led to the civil war and it's never a about slavery
Tfw the annoying orange out lives your system
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
"Checkmate Lincolnites!"
The proper answer:   The state's rights to self-govern without federal intervention. In hindsight we can all agree that slavery was and still is an abhorrent act of depravity - but people tend to forget that at the time people didn't think the same way we do now. And a lot of people love to gloss over the many rights and laws that Abraham Lincoln had to trample over to get his way. Was he right to do this in order to rid America of Slavery? In hindsight we can say yes, but at the time this was a hotly debated question.   People keep forgetting that there is a reason the Civil War remains America's bloodiest war - because every man, woman and child who died in that conflict were all Americans. Brothers, Fathers, Sons, Wives, Daughters and Sisters. People also tend to forget that not everyone in the south supported slavery - in fact many major Generals of the South opposed Slavery, but they couldn't bring themselves to side with the Union since it meant they'd be campaigning against their own home states - not because they wanted slavery to stay around.   So look - people in the south can fly their confederate flags around, because sure - it was their ancestors who fought and died to defend their states from what they perceived as Union Aggression (Lets be honest, Sherman was an asshole and made for great anti-Union propaganda) - however we with the power of hindsight can recognize that they were flawed, but were still human - and still Americans and deserve at least some level of respect. So long as nowadays we remember that there currently already stands one flag in particular that stands for Rebellion, for Freedom, for Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.   God Bless America, Gentlemen.
GO LIVE YOUR LIFE!!!!!!
The irony is they just changed how they do it (welfare) and now you fully support it
I feel like an actual discussion about it is unwanted in this comment section, and that me pointing out that it IS somewhat grey is somehow going to be taken as some kind of indication i'm not against slavery. So I won't.
And somehow, slave traders were supposed to represent the entire white populace.  Even the ones that hated them. 🤔
Oh, that flag is their "Heritage"? My heritage is winning, traitor.
“It was about our economy” yeah and human beings were the currency get wrecked loser.
The north initially saw the war as keeping the nation together. The south, which started the war, by the way, also viewed the war as being one for maintaining slavery. And then, when the Emancipation Proclamation was begrudgingly published 1 Jan 1863, it showed the Union (north) and the major European powers that the war against the Confederates was about slavery.  The war was only gray because that was the color of the Confederate uniforms, which were broadly rare.
While I wouldn't say slavery is the only reason. It was definitely a major one, for the more wealth. The rich used the smaller reasons to get more of the population to join them.  Kinda like the Iraq war for wmds but we all know it was about oil alongside other middle east conflicts.
Fun fact: it was the Democratic party that not only supported slavery, but started the civil war, enabled the KKK, established the jim crow laws, allowed lynching of free black men and white Republicans, established segregation and plan parenthood to kill black children.
Will push Confederacy supporters to cling to their beliefs harder via the backfire effect, but true.
160+ years of coping
The only argument I support is that the individuals fighting in the confederacy weren’t all pieces of shit. The confederacy itself was evil, as he said, it was fighting to keep slavery, but the individuals in the army didn’t have much of a choice but to fight and most of them didn’t own slaves. Those individuals fought to protect their towns, businesses and states, and so those individuals shouldn’t be shit on, but the confederacy itself very much can and should be.
Motherfucker, I come from the south
"I AM SILLY!"
Me who lives in South Carolina
From Mississippi: Yes. This is the entire thing.
Can we all agree that the capital of the US should be more central i mean we all know slavery is bad but the capital still being at the heart of the 13 colones has caused the government to ignore ageing inferstruction in the rest of the US
But when a state wants to legalize something the Bible Belt doesn't like, all that "states' rights" claims go right in the trash.
Now we have the pedo flag everywhere.
The civil war is really an interesting turning point in history, at least for the united states.   Many complain about our post industrial era, but would we have the same complaints if history went the other way?
"States rights to do what?" "Well it wasn't only slavery..." No one mentioned slavery. The fact your mind goes right to slavery is only proof it was about slavery.
I love that abraham lincoln's design is taken from clone high.
Patriotism immediately returning to my body as soon as someone mentions the Confederacy
Annoying Orange is my heritage.
There's motherfuckers out there that try to say the Confederacy is cultural when that shit only lasted 4 years....  There's Taco Bell items that lasted longer than that
Didnt this guy get exposed for being transphobic😂
Let's start a list of various things that have lasted longer than the Confederacy. Feel free to add to it under this comment.  Team Fortress 2's development _and_ life span, 1998 to 2007 then 2007 to 2023, 9 years and 16 Years seperately, 25 years together.   World of Warcraft, 2004 to 2023, 19 years.   Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, 2007 to 2023, 16 years.  Ed, Edd, n' Eddy, 1999 to 2009, 10 years.   The Boondocks, 2005 to 2014, 9 years.
Homeboy met one Confeder-memer and took it personal.....  I don't mind, this was funny.   Also lemme own slav---
Allow me to answer the question for him. State’s rights to keep slavery.
I in no way support the confederacy or what they stood for, and I also believe that the civil war was about state's rights... oh to have slaves, thought that would be obvious. The South largely depended on slavery to make most of its money and they saw them "taking their slaves away" as an attempt to cripple them and make the people of the South subservient and oppressed by them. They saw it as unconstitutional, but the Founding Fathers never said anything about slavery one: because they couldn't agree on it, two: after failing to agree they pretty much realized that if America was to stay together they needed the people to stick together and three: it wasn't THAT big of a concern for them if we are going to be real.   Now why did both sides see the other as unconstitutional? Well in the Declaration of Independence it says that "All men are created equal" said the north. Case closed, right? NO, Wrong! Because it is based on John Locke and his belief that "man has the Unalienable rights of Life, Liberty, and Property." Our boy TJ decided to spice things up by say "the Pursuit of Happiness." Now please forgive me as I know there is much more evidence to give and explain but I don't remember it as of right now and wish to get on with my day.  Let me finish with this. Many believe in Relativism, the idea that knowledge, truth, and morality exist in relation to culture, society, or historical context, and are not absolute. There is also Absolutism where there is an absolute for truth, knowledge and morality despite context. Yet we know the dangers of not believing in context as we live in the internet age. Let's say in the future they believe that all in the great ape family should be considered human and that us right now are totally evil for keeping them in cages; I doubt you would let them say you are a trash human who was a total bigot. No! you would say, "well at that time our understanding was that" and try to defend all humans from that time mentioning how some were good and some were bad.   TLDR; I have a saying, "Don't mix the paint can at home." What this means is, don't say a situation is black and white therefore there is no nuance when in public and/or it doesn't concern you only when you are being convicted of the same thing with your beliefs only to say well here is where all the nuance is. This was a funny little comic but it is also a very heavy-handed strawman fallacy. If you read to the end and don't agree with me that's fine I respect your beliefs and I hope you will respect mine. I only wish the very best for all humans in life.
I mean true, but now places like Chicago exist, traded one evil for another I suppose
❤ love this
"It's our heritage!" My brother in christ you dont HAVE to suck off your "heritage" good or bad, especially not when its the literal worst possible.
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
as  a Texan i say get real you traitors i lived longer then the confederacy
Some fuck: it was about states ri-  Me: Sorry I don’t talk to traitors ✋
this video is the only reason im subscribing lol
This goes hard
One slight point of order (you're otherwise totally correct): Didn't Lincoln not want to end slavery, instead focusing on maintaining the Union at all costs? If memory serves, he wasn't about to free the slaves until southerners claimed he was and left because of that erroneous claim.
The confederate government is a government of Tyranny
The american civil war happened becouse the industrialised north tried to subjugate the slave-dependant south. If the northerners sucessfulyl banned slavery in the entire US the southern farms would suddenlty be completely out of manpower, and the south would suffer a collapse. It wasn't about slavery it was about the north trying to dominate the south, which it suceeded at in the end. Its sad to see people fall to propaganda this easily. Also, slavery was practiced by most nations for most of history, and   HA! You fell for it traitor! You clicked 'see more'. Now eat this grapeshot you rapscallion!  Union forever, may the stars and stripes always wave above the free and brave. 🦅
If my entire livelihood depended on slaves doing the work for me, I would be defending that, too. I wouldn’t want to give up my guaranteed workforce either. What’s more is that most people forget that while the North industrialized the loving shit out of their economy, the South held on to what they had that worked. When the entire livelihood and way of life was threatened, the folks who lived such lifestyles were quick to take up arms and defend it.
Had this argument with a family member. Said it sounds like you’re trying to defend slavery. They just got upset and told me “not to go there” and “you know it’s not like that at all”. Also tried to convince me that Abraham Lincoln had slaves in the White House …
On one hand I hate the federal government On the other I hate slavery  I am conflicted
This is a really good video But for this channel it feels a bit out of left field.  It’s like if Gordon Ramsey made a video about carpentry. Even if it’s really good, it would still be kinda odd coming from someone not known for it.
Actually the confederate was more civilized. The north owner more slaves than any southern owner 😊
Bro is constantly getting stunlocked
QwistoffYTP?????
So Confederacy was right
Just Remember. Abe was the First Republican President, founded the party, and he fought against the Democrats of the South. Also remember that the Republicans of today believe that everyone should be treated the same, while Democrats believe that certain minorities can't do things on their own and need help.  It seems like ONE party has a HISTORY of racism and trying to control black people.
Im surprised you didn't call John brown.
The Confederacy WAS fighting for state’s rights and independence, however, slavery was one part of said rights. Ironically, the union was also initially in support. Majority of the confederacy’s hero’s and fighters just wanted their own southern independence.
State's rights to do what? Govern themselves. Leave local issues to local people. Prevent government over reach.
The answer is the same as any other answer. Money.
This message was approved by William You Cant Have House Slaves If We Burn Your House Sherman
should've hit him with the "to own property" comeback
Man you just hit a milli subs now you’re about to lose a ton RIP bozo
Comical since lincoln is infamous about allowing members of the union to have slaves to prevent them from rebelling and attacking them. It was literally never about slavery because again literally you had union members having slaves during the war and actually being the very last states to abolish it AFTER the south. Acting moral when you're ignorant is beyond hilarious. Lincoln also wanting slaves deported after the war but was killed before he was able to enact it
States right, to have slaves!
The amount of time needed for Texas to get annexed to the Union was around 9 years, which means it took a little more than 2 Confederacies for Texas to be a state.
Techically true The confederacy faught for their right to decide for themselves. About slavery.  So while the war was Technically not about slavery, it was.  Why if it technically was not? Because if you support people excusing their bad behavior with "its their right to do so" you get more bad behavior.  The only right anyone has to do anything they want is the freedom if speech. No other action has that freedom. For exactly tbe above reason.
Preach on, broccoli man.
Confederacy is indeed evil, but we must remember slavery wasn't just a southern thing.   All of america and Americans are guilty for the sin of slavery. Our descendents are must be taught their ancestors were slave owners
To own property, and slaves. Still doesn't change the gray bit... Some would say.          Like racism in the north, and the fact that Abraham Lincoln wasn't going to treat the south like traitors, or something along them lines.  But yeah the civil war was about slavery, and fun fact it did technically "survived" after the civil war... I mean in the form of a city that regionned the union in the 1900s, the KKK, culture, and spirit.  The fact that a number of people still supports it means that it can make a reappearance in the future. Like Poland. Turkey. Germany. And many other countries that didn't exist for x amount of time, but came back from the dead.
I realised my mortality when I discovered the annoying orange is older than me…
The republic of Texas out lived the confederacy just saying
That fact with AO caught me off guard...but is very fucking sad
States Rights to govern themselves-and that includes the slavery.  Whether you support it or not, such  powers were not granted to the president and thus was not his place to decide for the future of the country. If you didn't like a state for allowing slaves, you moved to a state that didn't. That is the way the Federation was supposed to work, voting via feet.
as a southern man with a black cousin, living in a black neighborhood, I am disgusted by my ancestors, and the other country folk who still fight for confederacy  also morning Doobus lol (btw anyone remember when annoying orange was on cartoon network?)
what memories of the good times
I don’t consider myself patriotic in many ways, but seeing people talking about the confederacy and how badly they sucked always brings a tear to my eye
Sherman did nothing wrong
So you agree with more progressive nations invading other nations and changing their laws to be more progressive? Because that's the precedent
In other news the grass in green.
The other backed coups, funded terrorist, bombed civilians, held concentration camps and massacred thousands of people during a conquest. Neither side is better.
The state's rights thing is still super important tho. Lincoln freed the slaves as an economic blow to the south more than anything. Slavery is wrong, and no intelligent person is gonna argue that. However, the feds are now constantly overreaching, and there seem to be no checks to stop them from continuing.
@annoyingorange MY GUY I HAVE NOT HEARD OF THE ORANGE SINCE 2012 YOU PUT THAT BACK lmao he doesn’t belong in the years of 2020
My father honestly tried to tell me not to judge my neighbor for the confederate flag they had, saying it "doesn't mean slavery, it means it's pride in the SOUTH." Good sir 😔
States right to govern selves bam boom 💥  There's your answer.   Answer to a cartoon creates in ignorance . The Confederacy is actually alive and well with no slavery thank you in the Brazilian city of Americana.  Had you done a single shred of research you would know that.  So do seem genuinely curious so you may be hearing from me in the future.
I hate the confederacy, yet the green guy sounds like a annoying fast talking know-it-all. Not someone anyone would enjoy debating.
now people us the confederacy and it's *battle flag* (Yes, the flag they us in this video is the battle flag, not the one they used for there nation) to show more southern pride and to "represent" the south and some people use it not even for the civil war or slavery, just as a rep of the south?
Another point that is often overlooked about the south, it was basically a feudal system where the elite rich landowners basically scared the poor plebian masses into fighting and dying in a war for the elites rights to own slaves by making up that the north was going to r word their women and kill them all by allowing the slaves to massacre whites.
It was also taxation on Cotten and bunch of other shit slavery bad thou
Based
Nobody: Infrastructure exists  General Sherman: and I took that personally  Nobody: Newspapers in 1864 using the 1st amendment: Abraham Lincoln: and I took that personally  Morale of the story neither side is good. Embrace Switzerland based and stoic pilled. Stay gold kings
😢
Just cause the confederacy was bad, it doesnt mean the union is good
How dare you say the Confederacy was bad! Don't be trying to provoke other Democrats alongside myself
"I ain't racist, I got 4 *black* tiers and a *colored* tv!"
I’d pay good money to see Ben Shapiro live react to this and try to wrestle with the fact that the annoying orange out survived the confederacy by almost triple
Yeah confederates deserve absolutely no support what so ever. I love how they always tip tap around the states right to do what part.
As a Texan i must say...    i fucking approve this message well done!
Bionicle in all its Hero's Journey saga lasted longer then the Confederacy!
Ya they are pretty bad but i swear this just feels like virtue signalling   If we have to fight a enemy long dead even to this day, we show we are not capable of moving on and just fester on it longer
This just in "rich people speak for the masses"
Your going to celebrate a nation so weak the annoying orange outlived it  Neo N@zis: * Sweats nervously
seriously based, dangerously based even.
I always said that the Civil War was about States Rights. Specifically their “Right” to have Slaves. But your video  is still a 10/10.
I hate how few like this vid has for your usual content really goes to show how gunked up the minds of so many people are to look at this content and be upset
I had to laugh at this one because I was thinking about this yesterday and came across from this video. What's funny every line he says, I have heard those same lines from these YT'bers who really were putting those arguments out there. And Obama was nearing his last term. So they bring up that "States rights" point but then you ask WHAT WAS THIS STATES RIGHTS??? And they pull some other point out. But NOPE never about slavery. Slavery was the state's right to maintain slavery. Otherwise what the he🏒🏒 were they fighting for?
God bless you, sir. <3
April 12th 1861 the war starts when Confederate soldiers take Fort Sumter, angry about economic policies, cultural values, and the extent and reach or federal government wanting to keep the articles of confederation as the rules of main government. January 1st 1863 the emancipation proclamation is issued after two years of fighting and the Union is losing momentum, people grow tired of the war Lincoln knows freeing the slaves will boost some moral. It was not about slavery. Robert E. Lee knew slavery was on its way out as there was no slave trade coming from England. Look up cow island and Lincoln's plan for freed slaves. This isn't hard read a history book. I'm not saying slavery was right, but I am saying Lincoln wasn't looking to be buddies with slaves every time yall say people are oppressed in America its usually because of Federal governments.
"get a country" Well They tried  And failed 🔥🔥🔥🔥
hey so super fun fact: the confederacy actually had LESS states rights because one of the very few changes to their law was no state could do anything to limit the slave trade   also the fact even excluding ya know, all the slaves , approval of secession was actually the minority in most of the south, if you actually include the slaves its obviously overwhelmingly unwanted
the flag they use is also their navy's flag, aka the part of them that surrendered first lol
Confederates be like: I’m not racist all my slaves are black
And thats the story why president terms are 4 years ...to give the respect to the confederacy and change government every 4 years🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊
luly 2023 rigillo luigi
The confederacy was the forerunner of the Third Reich
Common misconception. Lincoln at first wanted to let the south keep their slaves, but not have slavery expand to the rest. It wasn't until around the end of 1862 that he made the Civil war about slavery, and that was so he could get more people to join on the Union's side. But of course he kept his promise of abolishing slavery, though.
They didn't even really believe in states' rights. They didn't believe the Northern states had the right to pass laws against slave catching within their borders. They loved slavery and expected infinite latitude in retaining and spreading it. Simple as that.
The annoying orange 😂
Now I just wanna see a parody of the confederate flag made using annoying orange characters
The Annoying Orange crack had me wheezing
yeah we dont need state rights, or individual rights for that matter, we should all be dependent on a single, god-like, big-brother-esque  globohomo entity. stick to cartoons about pop culture stupid.
I live in Texas, where slaveowners fled to try to keep their slaves, but Santa Anna and Mexico had already outlawed slavery well before. 🤔🫣 kinda like wicked idiots 🫠 but the Republic of Texas went bankrupt REAL FRIGGIN EARLY, so it had to join the US and be a FREE STATE.
can get more about your views on history
If the southern squiggle had the brain power and time to think out his answer or had been written by someone with the same he'd have said that they were fighting for their right to have, keep and profit from the most coveted resource in the world at that time. It also implies that the north had a human respect for black people which they totally did not.  The North's real intent was to clear the way to move the blacks to housing projects and factory jobs 50-100 years later. If these sentiments had any validity, the south would be the least black place in America now but it's actually the most. I guess this is how people that learn history on American TV see these things.
Every time I see that flag, I just think, "Traitor"
If ya used the right flag maybe
Its ironic how these nutjobs talk so much about rights and freedom when the whole ideology is built on wanting to take those things from others
That'll be a nice response to anyone that goes the confederacy is  our heritage. Just bring out of list of things that have lasted longer
God, I love this short. I really do. I have had the supremely good fortune of never having met one of the brain-rotted dolts who claims to love the Confederacy, but I wish to have this entire short memorized just on the off chance that I do.  Remember kids, support the rights of individuals and political agendas you truly trust, not the unilateral power of your region's governing body. The future is yours to build, so don't put its foundations on the same blood-soaked dirt as the filthy plantation houses that lynched men, stole babies out of their mothers' hands, and did their damnedest to strangle the identity of African, Bahamian and many other peoples so they could be more easily oppressed.
Was it me or goobus be eating blue airheads or lollipops? Edit I went to his other videos I'm apparently dumb he tongue always been blue
Slavery bad! What a hot take. Was this supposed to be funny? Seems like the kind of content that would garner clapter from a live audience and no actual laughs. To me the confederacy was obviously evil, but I don't think that every single rank and file soldier and person in the south was evil for supporting slavery. If you are brought up in that environment ofc you're going to have those opinions.100% if Doobus Goobus was brought up in the antebellum south he'd think the same shit, you're not wise, you're just born later.
bro just wanted his internet brownie points for saying “racism bad” in 2023. shitting on the confederacy is such an easy target seeing how they’ve been gone for over a 100+ years. this guy just wanted people to praise him for saying something we all agree. this guy is a good example of a modern day sunshine soldier
"Its part of my heritage"  Brother in Crist, youre a northerern.  Plus heritage? Of what being racist ?
I mean yea, but the war was fought over states rights, even tho the right they were fighting over was fucked
The Union was bad, too.  True, they weren't the ones keeping slavery going, but they _were_ the ones who suspended Habeas Corpus and allowed people to be tried, convicted, and sentenced without a shred of proof. Which, I don't know if you're aware, is some Maximum HyperStalin shit right there. Regardless of whether or not someone is a complete revolting slimeball, our country was still built on many unbreakable foundations, one of which is that you are _innocent until proven guilty_ . Doing away with that, along with perhaps the flagrancy of Sherman's March to the Sea, are the blackest marks of the Union side, and firmly cement the fact that this was a war between two _very_ morally-grey powers if not outright villains.
Yeah it was a fight for slavery and slavery is bad but honestly i feel like the states should be in charge more and not take a back seat to the national government as theyre more easily able to actually do shit for their people. The national government should clearly force ban stuff like slavery and  flrce allow stuff like abortion and guns but its just too big
0:41 DINGER
So sorry history isn't a Saturday morning cartoon show for your small mind.
The level of based in this video is over 9000.
From what I understand it's state's right to self-governence and to make their own laws which, sure fair enough the problem is one of those things was having slaves so fuck em lmao
Remember, Fanboy and Chum Chum lasted longer than the Confederacy
Why not nuke Africa for having more slaves than the us ever had?
Well said, broccoli head, well said.
ghetto smosh was right
The Confederacy of Independant Systems proudly advocates for slavery, it's a profitable business. Roger Roger.
If you think it was about anything other than money then you're prattling on about secondary and tertiary bullshit in the interest of scoring a faux moralistic win
Yes
"get douglassed" 🤣🤣
Now tell me which countries still have slavery today.
Also, thank you for not saying the south during that time is racist because it wasn’t everybody owned everybody good job for having real history. I love your channel.
I love this channel is just Abraham Lincoln never wanted to take slaves away from people he didn’t like it. He just didn’t want to take it away from people. Keep up the good work.
Love this, I really do but I’m in desperate need of a new Pooh video. Life has been kind of all over the place lately and it would be nice to see another video with him
I could have told from this "guys" girlishly pitched cuckish voice that he loves sucking bbc, but he went and made a video to prove it. Interesting.
ah so the Confederacy was based af
Funny how traitor's country think it has any right to call other a "traitor". Real funny
Garfield is my culture
Oh way down south in the land of traitors Weidle snakes and alligators right away. Come away right away come away we’re cottons king and Men  men are cattle s union boys Will win the battle right away come away right away come away come away come we’ll all go down Dixie  away away each Dixie boy must understand that must mind his Uncle Sam oh away away away We I wish I was in Baltimore. I would make secession., traders,  war right away come away, right away, come and let our model ever be for a union man for liberty right away come away come away, right away, come away do you we’ll all go down to dixie  away away each Dixie boy must understand that he was mine is Uncle Sam right away come away right away come away we’ll all go downnn to Dixie
The Nintendo eshop lasted longer
Good thing I live in the North, where Neo Confederate ideologies are irrelevant.
low iq zoomer arguing with his own cartoons
Im southern and my ancestors fought for the confederacy and honestly, fuck the traitors.
real as fuck
Subbed 👍
The biggest empire in history ended slavery without a civil war by buying the slaves from the slave holders and you honor a man by literally putting him on a fascist throne because there was no other way to free the slaves? Columbia and Venezuela also used ending slavery as an excuse for violent uprisings that centralized state power
Goobus isn't getting hate because he hates the Confederacy. He's getting hate because he's making a cringe-worthy animation about hating the Confederacy. There is no universe in which it's "cool" or "funny" to make a video dunking on the minority and act like your majority isn't the majority. Dunking on the Minority is fine and dandy, but it doesn't translate well to humor or at least Goobus can't translate it to humor. Just watching this video kills my soul.
Yeah, hilarious! But actually yeah the civil war actually was about a lot more then slavery. What's more the top 3 slaver plantation owners were all black. So, yeah it's clearly a far more complicated topic then people make it out to be. Also when they talk about the South being oppressed that's actually a legit topic, because at the time most of the nation's factories were in the North while most of the production was in the South. So, the South was getting selling raw goods while the North was selling finished products! This resulted in a massive class based conflict. Also, while the South had Slavery, the North had indentured Servants, Child Labor, and near the end of the war committed horrific war crimes in which innocent women and children were slaughtered!
Healing for the orange I don’t know, but I don’t know orange lake, moraine definition I don’t want this damn fucking thing with you as my man be the
Perfection
Confederates try not to eat shit challenge (impossible)
Set their own trade deals was a pretty big one
The civil war was started over a tax, slavery was nothing more than a moral justification for the north; before trying to belittle me for this statement try researching the topic out of something other than a school textbook.
You know whats funny is that they always claim it was about states rights yet the confederacy made slavery a protected institution in their constitution by law so if you lived in the confederacy your state was not allowed to choose to end slavery in its borders.
This has the Sherman Stamp of approval.
Pokemon Go lasted longer than the confederacy.
New coke lasted longer than the darn confederacy. It wasn't officially discontinued until 2002, 17 YEARS after its backlash. Thats all I have to say. Glory, glory, hallelujah
Indeed it was. The Confederacy not only had the odds against it, it had way inferior morals. Checkmate Davisites!
Examiner : All right, here's your last question. What was the cause of the Civil War?  Apu : Actually, there were numerous causes. Aside from the obvious schism between the abolitionists and the anti-abolitionists, there were economic factors, both domestic and inter...  Examiner : Wait, wait... just say slavery.  Apu : Slavery it is, sir.
A key issue was states' rights. The Southern states wanted to assert their authority over the federal government so they could abolish federal laws they didn't support, especially laws interfering with the South's right to keep slaves and take them wherever they wished.   The Constitution is silent on the question of secession. And the states never delegated to the federal government any power to suppress secession. Therefore, secession remained a reserved right of the states.
OOOOOOOH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS!!!!
Only problem is that the Emancipation Proclamation only freed slaves in the south, not slaves in the north...   Any inconvenient truth for both sides.
They were literal traitors to America and yet during the unveiling of the confederate mountain (which was so recently completed that they have color footage of it's commeration) the standing president commended the bravery and LOYALTY of actual traitors to the United States. The thing you'd get executed for doing; (or at the very least extensive prison sentences) they commerated.
Thank you <3 the states rights argument is so weak
The worst part is that the person who really started the "states' rights" argument was Woodrow Wilson... A U.S. President was trying to defend the existence of the Confederacy...
TBF States rights are important. We are A union of states. Not a unity state.  On the other hand. *States rights to do what?!*
Not surprised at all to look up newest first to find all the Confederate simps that Robert E. Lee would be ashamed of.
Actually he has a point. Some of the southern states actually choose to succeed because of interstate commerce as some southern goods ended up being taxed heavily when imported to the north which hurt the economies of the southern states. The federal government not taking any action against this seemingly act of injustice and sided with the north prompt a good portion of the south to claim that the federal government had gotten too large and overstepped its purpose of protecting states rights and that they needed to secede, invoking the idea that they were preserving the ideals of the American Revolution and fighting against the concept of big government that conceptualized America that they seemingly had become.   So really the civil war was because of taxes. And you might be thinking, taxes on what? Actually it was on cotton and other southern grown crops………           ……..of which was grown using slave labor hence why the taxes.  TLDR; it actually was because of taxes, but taxes on slave labor so basically still because of slavery.
States rights to not be oppressed by tariffs
The Confederacy wasn’t bad. You guys are just snowflakes
we fight for the state rights so i can have a post natal abortion, hell yeah USA USA
How have I *never* seen your content before this is amazing! Instant sub
Also, prominent people who fought for the Confederacy, such as Robert E. Lee, actually admitted they lost and discouraged people from doing things like flying the Confederate flag or erecting statues of people who fought against the Union.  Great video, tell them like it is
Damn, this is perfect
I’ll never forget my 9th grade history teacher looking us in our African American eyes and telling us the civil war was about states rights..
The loud = funny channel is getting political.
I dislike your videos. The animation is sloppy. Half of them are just no context situations of you complaing about things
I like this
Fun Fact: Lincoln never even said he was going to outlaw slavery. His plan wasn't to just ban it, (mostly because the southern states would completely tank in their economy) but instead stop the spread of it so it died out naturally.  This means not only were they scared of Lincoln being president for no reason, but also have NO DEFENSE FOR WHY THEY DID IT!   Also p.s. don't say they did had a reason because of how they didn't like who was elected, because they don't get to say that if the majority of the ballots *didn't have Lincoln as an option* yeah, that's right. Lincoln wasn't an option to vote for in most Southern states.
On a serious note: I kind of wish people had this much enthusiasm about ending slavery in the modern world or openly mocking the Muslim world for openly practicing it in a number of places.  Or for that matter, the Chinese government that is currently actively committing genocide against the Muslims in western China.  Our world is sick, and it is becoming hard to laugh anymore, because all we do is keep retreading over old ground that should have been left behind decades ago.  That is just as much a criticism against the Confederaboos (that need to get a grip) as it is against the chuckleheads that seem to forget the government according to the 13th Amendment can make us into slaves (though not in name) should we break a law that THEY make.  The entire system is fragile and we the people in the end are going to pay dearly for our complacency.  I leave off with this semi-related quote:  “Right now I'm thinking a good deal about emancipation. One of our sins was slavery, another was emancipation. It's a paradox. In theory, emancipation was one of the glories of our democracy - and it was. But the way it was done led to tragedy, turning four million people loose with no jobs or trades or learning. And then in 1877 for a few electoral votes, just abandoning them entirely. A huge amount of pain and trouble resulted. Everybody in America is still paying for it.” - Shelby Foote  INB4 "bet your fun at parties"
I want this played at every treasonous Confederate MAGA Republican rally in America.
It's easy to have blacks cutting cotton that they brought from Africa for a reason, bought from other blacks  How quickly good traditions are lost, really In case you don't understand it's humor
Get Douglased  i fuckn love it😂😂
Someone's jimmys are rustled over the razorfist video
There is a point to be made about how some states rights issues drove a divide between North and South before the abolition debate became more popular, but to say those were the causes of the Civil War is just wrong. The documents of secession from the Southern states make it quite clear that their objective was to maintain slavery.
It was controversial in the sense of the southerners relied on slavery to make a living while the northerners did not. The north was not interested in spreading the wealth around and industrializing what needed to be done to make up for a flawed reliance on slave labor in the south.  Everyone wants to complain and critique what people do but never offer a helping hand. If it came between your family dying of starvation and having a slave... Slavery was ugly and will always exist. As others try to exploit others. Minimum wage jobs in America are basically slave labor and we work more hours than actual slaves from hundreds of years ago...  we can learn so much from history and every perspective there was. God bless everyone and remember only the winners write history.
Slavery is good.
I don't care lol
Lmao Lincoln had no interest in ending slavery, he loathed black people and southerners. The man was a Tyrant, the war was not one to enforce a ban on slavery else the North would already have outlawed it before the conflict and wouldn't offer to allow states and territories that abandon the Confederacy to retain the practice. The emancipation proclamation was literally just meant to cause a southern slave revolt and didn't declare the end to slavery in the North.   European observers agreed that slavery was more brutal in the North. Yes obviously slavery was an explicit part of the reason for the confederacy forming because they were especially concerned with the North trying to deliberately and punatively crush the south economically. To claim that the confederacy was uniquely evil for slavery is ridiculous and betrays a serious lack of historical knowledge.   Calling confederates traitors is ridiculous as secession was completely legal. By that standard the United States of America is a less legitimate state than the Confederacy ever was. And the "X lasted longer than Y which makes it more legitimater" argument isn't even worth humouring.
You can have separated legislation by state, but then that can easily be corrupted. Then you can try to run it all from the executive down and bring it to heel, but that can become corrupted too (ie - supreme court). Sadly the only way to combat terrible law/corruption is to promote empathy, exposure, and education. If the core of a population is rotten, no created law will reflect well from them.
Lincoln has been quoted as saying that he wanted to preserve the union irrelevant of the status of slavery. Emancipation was a tactical afterthought.
Remember: If the Confederacy never seceded and brought on a civil war, we wouldn't have income tax.
“Answer the question you fucking traitor” this killed me
Hah!  I’ve been shutting them down for years with this. “States rights and economics”. States right to do what and economics of what?  They never have an answer.  Here’s another one: “people’s right to decide their own way of life” (aka the democracy angle). Ok, which people?  Watch em stumble on that one too.
Yes, slavery is fucking terrible ofc it is but the confederacy absolutely had the right to secede from the union, the people had a right to decide wether slavery was legal or not. It’s the exact same as abortion is today. A morally evil practice that the citizens of a state decide on. Cope
the radium girls outlived the confederacy, yet we dont talk about them in history class at all despite them being an important lesson
this is exactly how i feel every time someone tries to be proud of any of the native american tribes. its like, you know they got defeated right? they are losers just like the confederates, they lost to the same guy
State's right to leave the nation.  Like the colonies had left the British Empire.  That's what.  Was it over something horrendous and terrible, in the case of WHY the states left?  Yes, obviously.  Duh.  But that doesn't change that it was about the state's rights to secede.
Even everyone, and I mean *EVERYONE* , born within the last *100 YEARS* outlived the CONfederacy! XD
And they are free to celebrate that heritage of failure. After all Socialists still do it after their countless failures~ as do monopolistic corporatists when their reworked fanfictions fail at the box office. Isn't America great to allow failures to wallow in denial?
Banger video
The "state's rights to do what" argument falls apart really quick when you realize slavery is self-evidently bad when compared to treating every man as equal, and the confederacy would have either collapsed under the incompetency of it's own economy had they survived the war, or eventually abolished slavery anyways to keep up with the union. Turns out free self-sufficient people do better work than the abused and maligned. And the US really needs some real, freedom-loving competition on the world stage to hold it accountable.  Meanwhile, state's rights are the only reason federal marijuana legalization is even being considered. State's rights are why some states were able to have such good pandemic responses without being burdened by the bureaucracy of the rest. Hell, state's rights to effectively abolish slavery were how we realized how much better it was to begin with, how we got to the point of abolishing it federally! Too bad Lincoln was a tyrant who hated state's rights and never actually freed any slaves (the Emancipation Proclamation specified that it only affected confederate territory, which was territory he had no control over and couldn't have freed any slaves from; it specified down to the county). But I'm glad the thirteenth amendment exist, starting from efforts that only could have occurred due to state's rights.  State's rights allow people to freely travel to the states which best represent their interests without the issues associated with moving nations. State's rights allow different states with different interests to experiment with things which reflect the unique regional interests of their citizens, from which we can learn from the results and eventually benefit federally. *That* is what state's rights are about, cultivating diversity in interests and opinions which we can grow from without being suppressed top-down by authoritarians with no incentive to care about us, which we deal with much more now thanks to Lincoln. The more federated the government, the freer the people.
Yes my ancestors were slavers so? They dead
Shut up and take my subscription.
This is like Checkmate Lincolnites but Newgrounds
The civil war was about states' rights: the Northern states' rights to ban slavery and to free fugitive slaves. The CSA constitution prohibited the states from banning slavery and from freeing slaves without their masters' permission. The South Carolina Declaration of Secession constantly whines that many states of the North exercised their state rights to make the federal Fugitive Slave Act effectively inoperable.
PopHistory coal recommended into my feed
I ALWAYS SAY THIS!!! "States rights!" Is empty of context and it's just shitty rhetoric 😅
This is always my question when republicans try to cry about states' rights. Every time they claim states' rights, it's a state's right to oppress people, which is not a right any state should be allowed to have.
The democrats are trying to bring back the confederacy.
As a proud Republican, this is glorious. Rock on.
The issue was money, not slaves. Though they are closely related.   The northern states essentially had a monopoly on exports, factories, railroads, mining, and more. The federal government made things worse by continuing to support these businesses in the north and promote their expansion, while the south was pidgenheld into operating plantations (plantations that just provided even more money to the north) and the slave trade  The south was forced to work plantations, while being essentially ignored by the government. While many southerners did not agree slavery was just, it was pretty much necessary for the south to survive at the time.   It is worth mentioning also, that at the start of the war, the right to own slaves was not yet in danger. While the north had started to make it illegal  (because they got cheap labor from immigrants and didn’t need slaves) the south was not yet in danger, they were however often critiqued for it, and were taking a lot of pressure. The illegalization of slaves didn’t happen until several years into the war with the emancipation proclamation (which worth noting, was not done for any sort of moral reason, but to cripple the southern economy and moral)   To summarize, the south seceded to break away from a government that took advantage of them, and keep their economy afloat.  If you can say that state rights leads to a deeper problem of slavery, then it is only logical that you also admit slavery leads to a deeper problem of economic prosperity. Although I doubt you will since you seem more concerned about criticizing others, rather than gaining a deeper understanding of history.
Reminder if you follow The Bible then you know that slavery is the work of the devil.
Nazis be like: "We're not racist, we have Japanese friends."
I like how he talks crap meanwhile he’s the descendant of white colonists who most likely owned slaves 🤣 good virtue signaling buddy but you ain’t foolin’ anyone with a brain
Annoying Orange lasted longer than Rhodesia and the Confederacy
Goods job voice
Just a reminder that the Confederacy was the Democratic/Liberal Party. The same Democratic Party that fought for Jim Crow Laws and later Segregation. They haven't changed, they are just putting a new coat of paint on it to make it look like it's in the favor of the minorities and saying it's "to protect them from white people" while repainting the same lines on their signs. "Colors only, no whites allowed" is a sign I saw three fucking months ago and I thought it was a display on segregation. Nope, an actual rule for the business.  Vote Red or America's Dead folks.
Truth Truth Truth!
Being a southerner I of course was taught entirely about states rights and northern aggression and all that nonsense. It wasn't until my family went to Gettysburg and I had talks with some of the guides that I realized just how wrong I was. Been furious with my old teacher ever since. Dude was a climate change denier as well, because _of course he was_
This is NOT in support of slavery or anything of that nature so don't twist my words please.   But didn't Lincoln want black people to not have the same exact rights as white people?
Confederacy be like "300 BLACK MEN, FOR $1.99?? HELL YEAH, THAT'S A DEAL"  Real shit tho, modern Southern states are infinitely better than Modern day Cali, NJ, NYC, Chicago, AND Detroit.
Checkmate Davisites!
SAY IT LOUDER!!! The whole fucking case was ABOUT IT!! Each state joining the union was for or AGAINST IT!! SO STATE RIGHTS TO DO WHAT!?!?!
There was more to the civil war than slavery, considering that it was only 1% of the entire US population that owned slaves.  Neither side was completely innocent, and Lincoln did some shady things, but I'm glad the pro-abolition side won.  Sad fact that it took the US (post civil war) and the British Empire (after they came to their senses a couple decades before the civil war) to force other nations to end slavery, rather than those other nations just doing it because it was the right thing to do.  Also sad that slavery is making a massive comback in a large portion of the world.
Everyone needs to get over slavery. -.-
I have a few guys in my neighborhood who just casually have the confederate flag hanging in front of their house.   And there are a couple black families across my street.  It's amazing those assholes haven't been punched to a pulp more smooth than Orange Juice
Gta 5 online for Xbox 360 lasted longer gta 5 online is my heritage
The question was it bad begs the question what do you mean by bad?
This imaginary argument must’ve went hard in the shower
I think it's especially obvious if you consider that the "state's rights" slavery states wanted federal intervention to punish free states for not helping to catch runaway slaves.
Always find it funny that it lasted 4-5 years and people make it their whole personality. If you're considering how long ISIS held Raqqa (their capital) it lasted about the same amount of time lol
Call me crazy, but I think states don’t have the right to institute human trafficking
What is this leftist drivel?
I hate the confederacy, but the flag was cool so confederacy 1 point/union 196 points
whats is the corwin ameACK!
Kick ass Doobus.
If the South wanted their precious states’ rights they should have fought better lol  TY for winning, Union
Just saying I found the whole thing funny and I come from a family line of confederates my dad is father of the confederacy my mother is with mothers of confederacy and I was born and added to sons of the confederacy. But in saying that that’s what I was born into and not apart of also I’m from the south but don’t care about race or religion all I say is treat me like any one else and I will treat you the same but disrespect me or my family and that’s the end of it.
Even the argument about state's rights lasted longer than the Confederacy did
no it wasn’t
Typical gen z animator point of view that just oversimplifies a big part of American history. I guess Native Americans were evil, they had slaves as well.
The mfs in the commenters giving themselves away
President Pooh would not have tolerated the Confederacy, it's wasn't nice. 🧸
It had nothing to do with slavery, it was about the South's right to remain independent
Considering that the Confederate constitition not only dosen't  mentionn any state right but mostly plagiarize the u.s. constitution and if anything double down on the supremacy clause that negate states rights and only real evident changes is particular the one dedicated on the slavery issues.   Ill say state rights as reason for the secession its bullshit.   So if in future one of the Confederate states would have decided to abolish slavery in its own state it wouldnt have been able to do so   States have more autonomy today under the union that they would have ever had under the Confederate constitution .   State right its pure rewriting of history . Few slave owners rallied the discontent in the southern states successfully  blaming the north and mostly the president for a situation of economic decline caused by the explosion of the industrial revolution all over the world , which meant the slavery economic model was no longer a sustainable model.  The fact that the slavery plantations model fade out across the rest of the world without any need for revolution,  emancipation edicts or civil war its a testament the south economic model was doomed and few elitist tried to grasp to power in one last act with the secession .
The greyest thing about the Civil War was the Confederate uniform, and they couldn't even get *that* right -- kept bleeding all over until they looked like lobsters. :V
avatar is a coal loving fart cloud
fun fact the only reason the Confederate flag was repopularized was thanks to the kkk using it as a hate symbol, no one else wanted to associate with it for a while
There are better things to support based on a connection to geography, like that most of America should be given back to natives. Honestly it's crazy that the confederacy was so plainly fighting for what was wrong that the very, very evil institutions of 19th century america look morally righteous in comparison.
Sherman didnt go too far enough.
I still can't put my finger on it as often as I see it. White-guilt hugboxing? such a horrible thing for the long run. The appetite seems endless.
Quick question how many states were in the confederacy? Okay cool now count the stars that are up on the “confederate” flag. See how they don’t match the flag that’s in this video was for the army of Tennessee. I agree with the feelings of this video but not the representation.
Lincoln never said he was planning on actually enacting any plans he had to repeal slavery, which makes the south look even worse because they left for actually no reason. Reactionary NPC behavior
1:13 No, get John Browned.
Technically, Lincoln wasn’t planning on abolishing slavery until partway through the war. His policy was to prevent the *expansion* of slavery, but the South knew that without expansion, slavery would die out. *That’s* why they seceded. Great video, though!
The Disney Fairies franchise lasted longer than the Confederacy. How embarrassing is it to last less than a franchise about fairies who live in a magical land and DIE if they aren’t believed in.
The men in power behind the confederacy was definitely about slavery, but how they sold it to the other 94% (because only about 6% of the total population was slave owners and that's being generous) of the Southern Population was by framing it to be about state rights.   They were just taken advantage of by rich people and it was easier in times back then because it's not like they could jump on social media and be shown the transcript or video of what congress and the president were debating about.
WestVirginia seceded from Virginia and entered the union as a slave state. The union states had Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey and Delaware as slave states.   Lincoln even was in favor of the Corwin amendment that would permanently allow slavery and make it where the federal government couldn’t abolish it.  Lincoln til his dying day was wanting slaves to be exported to Latin America. Aka colonization. He also told Alexander stephens in the Hampton road conFrence if the south rejoins the union they can vote down the amendments to end slavery.   The same corner stone speech yall use by Alexander stephens, he later said to Lincoln if the confederacy loses what happens to slaves? Lincoln said they can root hog or die. Aka I don’t care they are on their own.   In an adress to the Georgia state senate. Alexander stephens said the state needs to help take care of the former slaves because they helped build our great state and nursed some of our children. The state senate rejected his proposal.   I don’t care what reason a state has for seceding, if California wants to secede over pedophila. Good riddance. I don’t want to be in a union with pedophiles. I ain’t gonna scream to send the military in and end californias sick morals and force them into a union their people don’t want to be a part of that’s like stopping a woman being abused and forcing her to stay in her marriage.
Yeah, the problem is that the north had slaves too and the emancipation proclamation only freed confederate slaves. This is a reductionist lie masquerading as comedy.  Even with what you're saying you're ignoring what Abraham Lincoln actually wanted to do with emancipated slaves which is a lie of omission. Last time I checked the modern United States doesn't have a problem with human trafficking, chattel debt slavery and a life as a second class citizen as long as it means cheap fruit.
Well allow me the civil war was not fought over states' rights but for independence the south seceded over states' rights but the seccession and war are two different things and besides according to you the South started the war so wouldn't they get to choose what they're fighting for because according to Jefferson Davis "I tried all in my power to avert this war. I saw it coming, for twelve years I worked night and day to prevent it, but I could not. The North was mad and blind; it would not let us govern ourselves, and so the war came, and now it must go on unless you acknowledge our right to self government. We are not fighting for slavery. We are fighting for Independence." - Jefferson Davis to a union spy      Infact many prominent Confederate generals and Davis himself wanted to move towards ending slavery as it sucked for the economy and such and was dying out fast and it sucked in foreign relations it was bad all and all  Ope and another thing people think Lincoln ran as an abolitionist but he didn't and Lincoln didn't believe in equality in a political debate he stated “I will say then that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and Black races,” The emmancipation proclamation was a military punishment not something he had planned  The South lasted for 5 years because the North had double their military (and still lost double the men) thats like saying WW1 was an obsolete war and Germany was super weak because it only lasted 4 years or the Coalition was weak because of the variouse times they lost to Napoleon in 5 years. Napoleons empire which most historians say was very strong as he defeated the strongest nations in Europe multiple times over lasted only 9 years weird huhhh its almost like a nation can be strong and not last long crazy concept.  P.S. I don't support slavery or anything like that im just pointing out how stupid your arguments are and I don't support the south I support their war effort FOR INDEPENDENCE and I support the idea that they were going to end slavery soon after (Or internally destroy themselves after the war was over) I would also like to add that the South was racist but so was the north even just as much racist (just without slaves) Lincoln was racist everyone was racist cept maybe the abolitionists Lincoln also wanted to ship free blacks and slaves out of America and back to Africa because he didn't want black people in America
WE'LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
atun shei reference
Based
Yep
“ we are not fighting for slavery”-Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate states of America  “ slavery was a pretext not a cause”-union general, William T Sherman
THE SOUTH WILl RISE AGAIN!!!
Goobus I really don’t recommend you getting into politics. I know you’re running out of ideas with your art blocks but this is a fast way to get canceled. Just looking out for you buddy
The North was about to legalize slavery constitutionally before the South seceded so it definitely wasn't about slavery.
Oh god this is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time.
why doobus gotta be so goobus
Fun Fact: Robert E. Lee actually hated the idea of slavery. He was just born in a state that was part of the confederacy, and was way to loyal to a piece of ground he was born on.  (Also, responding to "There was more than one reason" with "But there was one reason" is kind of stupid. The confederacy was bad, but ignoring someone's arguments and just saying something else is a great way to never change anyone's mind ever)
Also SpongeBob  The confederacy’s history was not so wumbo.
"States rights" also included the legal ability for the states to not be bound by the Amendments in the Constitution. The states being able to ignore people's rights on a state level is really bad. It's important to include that detail, for it was a significant reason why they betrayed the Union.
I can't believe there's actual slavery defenders in this comment section. These people should be forced to have their real face as their pfp. 😭
This is really low hanging fruit. "Confederates bad" are we supposed to be proud of you captain obvious? Maybe do a "Nazis bad" video for a standing ovation?
Based
Any who attempt to defend the Confederacy supports slavery.
THE SOUTH SHALL RISE AGAIN
Let me check what political party was pushing for the Confederacy. Oh, wow. Some people must REALLY want to edit history books uh.
My history teacher was kind of like this "State's Rights was the primary reason for the civil war" Ok, sure pal.
Not defending the confederacy but I recall hearing Lincoln only abolished slavery to have more support to win the war. He had political motives for ending slavery not necessarliy altruistic ones.  A quick search shows the confederacy did want a few things which mostly strengthen the nation and allow them to dispose of corrupt politicians but their primary motive seems to be the rights of private slave owners not having their slaves taken away.
Ok slavery it self isn’t bad there are ways to do slavery that arnt evil. Infact americas version of slavery was one of the best
States rights to leave the union, own slaves, and become a sovereign nation. It’s not that deep. America isn’t a monolithic nation that’s why it’s still an experiment, and empire don’t live past 250 years.
Leftists hate the Confederacy's ideals, until their states pass unconstitutional laws that a Republican Supreme Court challenges. THEN they hate the idea of a federal government, but not when an unconstitutional Democrat DoJ attacks Tennesseee for passing laws which are constitutional.
“I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.” - Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861   "Secession belongs to a different class of remedies. It is to be justified upon the basis that the States are sovereign. There was a time when none denied it. I hope the time may come again when a better comprehension of the theory of our government, and the inalienable rights of the people of the States, will prevent any one from denying that each State is a sovereign, and thus may reclaim the grants which it has made to any agent whomsoever."- Jefferson Davis to the United States Senate, January 21,1861  It is not wrong to defend your home against invaders; and that entity which was founded through rebellion, by slave owners like Washington and Jefferson, as well as tolerated slavery in the slave states that remained in the Union (Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware) has no standing from which to judge the Confederacy. Nor does the president who assured the Northern public that freed slaves would be remigrated back to Africa.  (“Colonization After Emancipation: Lincoln and the Movement for Black Resettlement” by Magness & Page)  This was a time when the United Sates was still referred to as these United States. It was understood as a political union of sovereign states. Many had never even left their home state in their lifetimes. None would have agreed to enter this union if they had known it was a death pact from which they could never leave.  “The State of Massachusetts has threatened, indeed, on four separate occasions to secede from the Union. First, in the debates referred to on the adjustment of the State debts; secondly, on the purchase of Louisiana and its admission into the Union; thirdly, during the war of 1813; and fourthly, on the annexation of Texas, when, we believe, one chamber of her legislature actually passed a vote of secession. On these occasions it was no mere act of excited individuals, but the general voice of the community. Yet this State is now the loudest in denouncing it, when inconvenient to herself; and a bastile is now said to be preparing in the vicinity of Boston, for the incarceration of those as political prisoners, who simply utter the opinions which, when it suited, this very State has so often and so vehemently expressed…        In one of the debates in the New York State Convention, Hamilton made use of these words: ‘To coerce a State would be one of the maddest projects ever devised. No State would ever suffer itself to be used as the instrument of coercing another.’ His far-seeing description in the Federalist is but too applicable to the events of the present day; and remarkable it is that he, the master spirit of the Unionists, should have denounced as ‘madness’ that coercion which is adopted by his followers at the present day.         But there was a consideration of still higher import. The Constitution was a voluntary act, framed on the principles of free, mutual assent, and common belief in its advantages. To introduce force as a means of maintaining it, would be repugnant to these principles. It would be a commencement on the voluntary system, to be continued under compulsion. Force is an attribute of monarchy; the throne represents and wields the strength of the nation. Each part is subservient to the whole, and none can revolt without foreknowledge of this force to encounter and overthrow. But the basis of a Federal Republic is the reverse of all this. It stands upon consent, which is the abnegation of force. In place of submission of part to the whole, the parties are co-equal. Compulsion is not only inapplicable, but opposed to the principle of the system. And the men of that day were too logical to be unaware of this; they declined to incorporate with the structure they were rearing a principle directly antagonistic to it.” Excerpt from “The American Union: It’s Effect on National Character and Policy”(1862) by James Spence, an anti-slavery Englishman  If there was a left wing secessionist movement a majority of liberals would probably support it (as they did support the Seattle “autonomous zone” in 2020.) In a 2021 YouGov survey nearly half of Californian democrats support their state seceding even with a liberal president in office, one can safely assume that number will rise if a Republican, especially Trump, gets back in office. Any attempt to force them to stay or occupy military installations on their land would be viewed by them as an act of imperialism and a betrayal to the US’s supposed democratic values. And they would be correct.  A union can only exist between independent entities, and one that claims to rest on the democratic will of the people cannot legitimately force them to stay when they have democratically elected to leave that union. After the Civil War any claim that the US is a voluntary union that rules through the consent of the people is entirely hollow.  “In front of every farm-house would be a large assemblage of whites and blacks, of all ages and assorted sizes. Our boys amused themselves by throwing “hard-tack” to them, and then what running and tumbling and scrambling would ensue! Little *blacks (not the original word used) and little whites, little dogs and big dogs, all joined in the race, and by the time the “hard-tack” was secured it was difficult to determine what were the original ingredients.” - a Union soldier stationed at Shreveport, Louisiana after the war (Goodrich, The Day Dixie Died, pg.189)  “Hundreds of thousands of slaves freed during the American civil war died from disease and hunger after being liberated, according to a new book… [As] Downs shows in his book, Sick From Freedom, the reality of emancipation during the chaos of war and its bloody aftermath often fell brutally short of that positive image. Instead, freed slaves were often neglected by union soldiers or faced rampant disease, including horrific outbreaks of smallpox and cholera. Many of them simply starved to death… After combing through obscure records, newspapers and journals Downs believes that about a quarter of the four million freed slaves either died or suffered from illness between 1862 and 1870. He writes in the book that it can be considered ‘the largest biological crisis of the 19th century’ and yet it is one that has been little investigated by contemporary historians… Many northerners were little more sympathetic than their southern opponents when it came to the health of the freed slaves and anti-slavery abolitionists feared the disaster would prove their critics right.” -The Guardian, June 16, 2012  “All things are subject to interpretation. That one interpretation prevails over another at any given time is a function of power, and not of truth” - Friedrich Nietzsche
Welp! That's good enough for me! 😂 💙 🤣
Counterpoint, slavery was bad, the confederacy was dumb, but you shouldn't mock states rights regardless. Giving protections against the federal government is the biggest thing seperating us from, well name any dictatorship/communist/socialist nation in the past 50 or so years.  In a similar way to how language shifts over time to have new meanings (remember there was a point in time where giving someone "solid dick" meant to have basically a heart to heart. If you dont believe me look it up it was common enough that heckin Marvel Comics used it), while we can't forget the evils that the confederacy committed having a symbol of resisting a unilaterally controlling government is not a bad thing. It just so happens that the largest literal war over that happened to be people who were trying to use it to defend something really shitty.  I'd rather have a hundred people waving a confederate flag talking about states rights (with like 5-10 of them actually being racist because im not going to pretend that those people don't exist but i do believe they are in the minority) than 5-10 people trying to defend the humanitarian authoritarian nightmare that is the CCP and its LITERAL CAMPS or Russia and whatever the heck its doing right now, both results of governments having uncontested control.  Again to reiterate, slavery bad, confederacy dumb, but states rights are still something that needs to be protected.
Checkmate Jeffersonians
Oh way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators-
It was never about north and south, it was about democrats and republicans. The republican party was started to end slavery. The parties never switched, the parties view on progressivism switched. Just some background history.
Mainly slavery, as everyone knows. Also to not have property, or sales taxs, uninfringed constitutional rights, and to self govern. Still common problems today. Still, somehow all tied into slavery. lol
As a Norwegian, i just learned more about the confederacy and the civil war than i ever learned in my history classes at school. Bless you Goobus for making this video❤️🔥
"History is rarely black and white" and this time it was, your point?
I AM THE EXACT 87K LIKE ON THIS VIDEO
is there anything more stunning and brave than condemning a slaver state that went defunct over 150 years ago?
what a bold stance
This has been suggested to me every day since it was released.
Lincoln wasn't even gonna end slavery immediately but the confederacy got so mad he was basically forced to. Right wingers; overreacting since 1861
Civil war vets Politicians and Generals on both side : The war wasn't about slavery  Idiots 200 years later: Yes it was
As a southerner I could agree more like even if we took out the slavery my brother in Christ you didn’t even win?? You’re hanging a flag that just screams loser??? Your heritage is being a fuckin loser?
While slavery was the core of the issue, the overall argument of “states rights“ was for states to be self governing and not ruled by the federal government. Slavery was horrible and still is today, no one is saying it isn’t, but to assume the states rights argument is just coming from racists is dumb.
This was so funny 😂
The confederacy didnt even want part of usa.   People arade the Confederate flag around with usa flag all the time.  Not knowing the Confederacy wanting nothing with USA ideals.      They made money off of slavery so when people started trying to end it.  They got all upset because they couldnt get their free labor anymore.  Which also lead foreigners to coming to usa, getting paid scraps and getting their ideas and inventions stolen.    America built on stolen native land.  The foundation built by slaves.  The pillars and walls built by foreigners.  Then man who gets all the praise for building the nation, the self proclaim white man.
Literally me whenever I go south of the Mason-Dixon line
What about Grant? Checkmate, Lincolnites!
How to shut down the Lost Cause Fallacy in 2 minutes or less
Funny cause if we truly cared about it we would be more concerned with the slavery and child trafficking happening TODAY and not what happened way back when.
i think a big point you missed that would’ve been great to add in this video, the common flag everyone uses as “the flag of the confederacy” isn’t actually the correct flag at all, nor was it actually recognized by the confederacy so they go and make themselves look dumb by supporting the confederacy, then to add the cherry on top, fly a flag that represents neither “the confederacy” nor “our heritage”
He says, forgetting that the North still allowed slavery (emancipation proclamation only applied to southern states) and was not fighting for racial equality.
I fully support hating the leaders of the Confederacy, but I draw a line at the poor farmers who didn’t get a choice. Unlike modern supporters of the Confederacy, I am pro-choice!
It was over a hundred years ago, I was born in the Union south, not the Confederate south. I used to think it was the most distasteful thing, the most disrespectful thing to display the Confederate flag on clothing or on cars. I was disgusted every time I saw it.  ...Until the Democrats started saying those people don't have the right to display it. Until they started demanding other people take those flags down. They crossed the uncrossable line: they went against freedom of speech and freedom of expression and they did it in droves. Political correctness, censorship, it's more disgusting than anything because the Confederacy was one thing that came and went. The policies of tyranny and Big Brother are alive and well but it's in the hearts of the Left these days more than the Right. Criticize the Right all you want; until the Left abandons their ruthlessness and supports freedom of expression more, they are undeniably worse.
This is the realest! 👏👏👏
Based
It was definitely for slavery. But you can't deny it was partially over states rights. The federal government was imposing its will over Southern farmers by putting high taxes on better farm equipment many southern farmers were buying from England. They did this because they wanted the South to buy US farm tools made here due to the industrialization at the time. Anyone who doesn't explain that the South most definitely did fight for slavery as well as states rights. Part of that right was the right to own slaves
Nowadays, if people want to work, they do it willingly, and they sometimes get paid for it.
Hella based!
Even milk doesn't expire as fast as the confederacy did
All hail Abe Lincoln. The best president AND best Clone High character.  Feel free to fight me on that.
To be fair the confederacy was in the process of implementing policies to free slaves, then the north rushed freeing slaves to appear like the good guys.
*STATE'S RIGHT TO WHAT.*
List of things that lasted longer than the confederacy: Johnny Test The WiiU The Union
This is your best video yet.
Wait for fallout 4 longer than the confederacy
Top Tier Content 😂😂😂
“Get Douglas”
The typical response to this gotcha is it was states rights to sucede. At the time slavery wasn’t seen as evil, it was a very sudden political movement where prior everyone thought it was fine and very soon after everyone thought it sucked. Pretty similar to basically every progressive cultural movement since then.
Honestly
This narrative of "fighting for states rights" was created by the Confederates AFTER they lost the war. I don't remember which general or high ranking said it but to paraphrase, it was so future generations and history remembered them in a more favorable light than just the guys who wanted to keep slavery. The most amazing thing is that it kind of worked seeing how many dumb dumbs still defend the Confederacy more than 150 years later as if it happened only 10 years ago and they were directly involved.
you got death threats for posting that on twitter?! well actually why am i even surprised, its twitter after all
True patriotism and bravery this man  has.
No u
Child labor still happens in a lot of country, as does slavery.   Which is a shame and should be stopped.
They were gouging the south, which was probably going to switch to machines in a few years anyway because slaves are more expensive than machines
W Union energy
The confederacy, Where boys who grew up ill educated died in numbers just so whoever returned home could stay sour forever and pass it on for generations.
Other things they may have been fighting for: a state's right to oppress minorities, a state's right to be far more impoverished compared to blue states, a state's right to deny science and reality...  But yes it was obviously about slavery
As a Virginian, I only have sympathy for rebels such as striking workers and John Brown, who was unjustly hanged for treason in front of a crowd of future traitors.
Nailed it.
DOOBUS do the indian wars next
confed politician; we keep slavery   union; we abolish slavery   Confederate child born into war; lets get rid of slavery maybe the north is right  Union; die southern child!! your all racists!!  Union;  we won the war but i dont want my kids going to school with colored folk.  Pardoned Confed soldiers; hell yeah northern brother we agree on something let's segregate the hell outta this country!    sound logic I guess the north were good people the whole time
Everytime I see the confederate flag hung in a yard or as a bumper sticker. I can't help but cringe. Especially when I'm in a northern state.
The wait for the fnaf movie lasted longer than the confederacy :/
Yes
Acknowledging that there WERE other concerns, and saying that you don't care about them, shows expressly that you aren't actually being intellectually honest here. There were many reasons to secede. Moreover, Abe wasn't going to do shit about slavery, and didn't until it became expedient to do so. It wasn't about slavery. States rights are and still are an issue. This oversimplification is absolutely idiotic and honestly, not your thing. Absolutely not the place to toss your hat in.
Slavery is morally evil. I just hope that people don't see it as only legally evil
We never got the answer, for the question, "The state's rights to do what?"  Edit: Had to rewatch this 1 1/2 minute video because I forgot the question he asked 4 times.
As a non united statian i find this hilarious.  "New rule guys no more slavery!" "ok."  was that so hard?
I have a controversial take too: Nazi's were bad Slavery was bad Jim Crow era was bad Where is my good boy medal?!?!
Rebel scum...
This owns.
Self govern w
It was about states rights? Hm. Well, we won so therfore states shouldn't supercede the federal government.  So when we inevitably reinstate the affectation of roe v. wade, I don't want to hear about how all these states now have to follow the federal government. We fought the war, the "states rights" folk lost.
The Curiosity Rover, which landed on Mars in 2012 has lasted longer than the Confederacy
W GOOBUS POST
Reminder that most of the Confederate monuments were erected in order to make black people feel inferior. They were erected during times of increasing segregation, many of them were the work of the United Daughters of the Confederacy.  I am all for preserving historical statues, because they are a connection to the past and how people viewed the events and figures in those times, whether those view are well meaning or down right evil. However an insanely large amount of Confederate monuments were not erect with those intentions, they aren't historical pieces of sculpture, they were commissioned work erected with racially discriminatory motivations.  They don't even deserve to be put in a museum like so many try to argue, there are too many that we realistically couldn't justify putting all of them in museums. Museum's should only be used to store the actual true monuments, not these glorified propoganda posters.
Amazing!  As a person who lives in the south it's so true.  They are so afraid to admit it was just about slavery
American public high school lasts longer than the Confederacy did.
One thing I do want to add to the conversation, that many do seem to ignore when it comes to this whole debackle... Yes, obviously slavery was an issue. HOWEVER, this issue starts from the moment the dust settled in 1783 when we told the Brits "AAAAND STAY OUT!". The entire US, as it was at the time, was scarred by the war. Villages and cities burned, farmlands shredded, you name it. Then you have disease, and lots of cripples from the war itself. The new country had a bit of rebuilding to do as a result, and this was true for both the North *and* South. The North however had a huge advantage coming into this as they controlled three of the four busiest ports in the new USA, Boston, New York, and Baltimore. The South had Charles Town. Those leaving Europe for a new life in the New World would end up entering one of the three mentioned, and found work pretty quickly, meanwhile not very many were landing in Charles Town, and not many from the North were moving South, and seeing as food was a bit of an issue, someone had to till the fields in the South while the reconstruction was going on in the cities and towns.  Slavery basically became a necessary evil, one that was actually on the downward trend until the freaking cotton gin was invented. At which point the opposite effect of the one desired happened.  Now, I do not say this to say that the South was in the right, but, when the alternative is starvation, you don't get many options but to continue using slaves.  As for the whole issue itself come time for the war to kick off, one should remember that many viewed the US at the time as just a collective of smaller countries, each with the ability to govern itself, and set its own rules outside of that of the Constitution. This included setting tariffs on imported goods, taxes within the state, and so on. There was also a bit more... comradary? Among those that live in that state, since when you're standing shoulder to shoulder getting ready for a long march, it helped to know that the guy next to you was someone who could relate to your personal struggles. Something that many today certainly don't understand (For example the many in NYC who think you shouldn't own a rifle, compared to those that live in Oklahoma on a farm who need one to protect their livestock).  This is where the actual point of "States Rights" comes into play. Not just slavery, but the ability of each state to set its own laws, taxes, and more. And it's coming up again right now with other issues from firearms and free speech, to abortion and trans issues. Some believe that the issues should be handled at a federal level, and all states must abide, others, like myself, feel that the Federal Government is overstepping its bounds, and that states should be allowed to set their own rules. I don't mind the idea of the Feds saying "OK guys, here's some guidelines", but the idea of the Feds coming into a statehouse and saying "You can only parrot what we say", is too far.  The reason I believe in this is because the Federal Government is typically very slow to react to many issues, and isn't really capable of adjusting itself very well. What works in one state may not actually work, or even be necessary in another. New York, which of course has Manhattan (one of the most densely populated areas in the US) obviously required mask mandates to try and reduce the spread of COVID... Montana, where much of the population is spread out, didn't. Some EPA laws that work in California because of its unique geography, simply won't work as well in states like Oklahoma where it's mostly flat.  Basically, each state has its own unique requirements and challenges, and the Feds are not equipped to handle it all. The state governments are the best suited for those challenges. Those state reps live there, they breath the air, they drink the water, they eat the food, and they're much closer to the mouths of the people who live in those states. You may have a Senator in DC from Idaho for example, but he/she is a long way from it, and they'll have a hard time trying to convince a Senator from NY or PA that this bill is a good or bad idea. Meanwhile a State Rep will have a much easier time convincing the rep from the next county over if the bill he/she is proposing is a good idea or not.  So... short of the long: "States rights to govern themselves as they see fit instead of the over-reach of the Federal Government."
Lego Ninjago has lasted longer than the confederacy and is still going strong to this day.
Erase yourself in your next video
Bronies outlived the Confederacy
I mean he has a point fucking traitors spreading stars and bars
Okay, well you don't see me slamming leftist, extremist liberals, my lord in Christ
when the world needed him most, he returned..
Slavery is better than mass-rape. Megatron had the right idea taking that monster Lincoln off his throne of lies
Agreed.
Don’t forget each state who seceded said it was to protect slavery in their secession declarations. (At least each state which took the time to explain)
Fun fact: The Annoying Orange has also lasted longer than Nazi Germany (14 years>12) Some "empire" they were
I mean we didn't have stuff like la when slavery existed 🤷
Nice
You really don't know about the tariff issue that existed between North and South?  That's pretty basic stuff.  If you think millions of white men in the 1800's ran down south to risk their lives so they could still tell black people that they had to use different bathrooms for the next 100 years...I just feel sorry for you
Me and my Homies all hate the Confederates.
Based
Interesting
It really makes you wonder how basically half this comment section consists of people unironically praising Sherman's march and saying the south deserved it while saying all dissent and nuance is just as evil as defending slavery.
It was the fact the the annoying orange was the one to liver longer than that and he just FUCKING ROASTED HIS FUCKING ASS ABOUT IT HAHAH 1:07
one of my best friends is a neo-confederate. and he has never directly answered what the state rights are for whenever we grill him. They all know the answer. its the same logic if a neo-nazi tried to say 1940 germany was all about making a "pure" race/
Confederacy was Bad! Simple.
“Sherman didn’t do anything wrong in the Civil War”  Yes he did.   *He stopped*
Wrong flag
slavery evil??? are you sure about, please type to me on your technology which manufacturing process at one level or another used slavery why slavery IS evil, or is it really a hypocritical opinion ?
You could say the US is bad, but that doesn't mean anything in opposition to the US is automatically good.
my nigga confederacy
As someone raised in Georgia with a very strong redneck confederate loving presence, Shermans March to the Sea was dope as fuck and the whole confederacy deserved to burn
I want to correct some misinformation(obligatory: not defending the slavers). Lincoln initially did not want to abolition slavery, he wanted to limit its expansion, believing that over time the anti slaver culture would spread to the south and the practice would simple die out. He only took a hard stance against slaver as a way of preventing Europe from sending  support to the confederacy. This gave the north a much strong moral stance for the war, as opposed to their reason for starting the war which was ironically, “You can’t leave, I own you.”
Disagree
Historically illiterate out of touch milquetoast takes from mediocre youtube animators, oh boy my favorite!
Great video!
In the words of Arthur Morgan. Some legacies are for pissing on
It’s pretty funny that the same group that supported the Confederacy that wanted to protect their right to subjugate a group of people for their own personal gain and have it protected by law, is the group currently wanting protected laws to commit abortions, seeing some parallels.
JOHN BROWN DIED FOR YOUR SINS, FUCK THE CONFEDERACY
to determine their own futures
While it is true that slavery was a part of the cards for many states secession, the war was a lot more complicated than people think. Not in the sense of human rights, but it the sense that the union "fought against the south for slavery" was a tacked on reason to keep Britain and France from aiding the south as an ally. Along with that, the war DID start out as a purely economical based war about tariffs and taxes on many southern states to make up for many northern states economical crisis. Hell I think Lincoln's quote "If I could save the union without freeing any slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that". Lincoln basically admitted that the union wasn't really fighting for the end of slavery. It was to keep the states together by force for economic reasons, even when MANY states both north and south had it written IN THE STATES DECLARATION that they may succeed from the union if they so chose for any reason.
Union dixie is def one of the biggest bangers to ever come out of the civil war
I think Cassius Clay might be clapping in his grave.
Confederacy upheld slavery for 5yrs. United States upheld slavery for 250 years and cared about race so much they committed genocide on the native population… As for treasons and traitors happy 4th of July…
I am a Canadian looking at this with only a cursory knowledge of the Civil War (the grey guys decided to rebel from the blue guys because they (the greys) didn't want their negroes taken away, and the blue guys won thus becoming the America we know today). Why is there so much content obsessed with denouncing a dead state? It is, in my opinion, beating a dead horse and then holding a celebratory parade patting yourselves on the back for doing so. The Orwellian "2 Minutes Hate" comes to mind (fitting that this is the length of the video).  I really have no personal stake here to sympathize with The South; my parents and their ancestors are European, I think slavery bad, and I also think the Union version of "Dixie" is a certified banger. It simply irks me seeing the smarmy self-satisfaction your character gains by owning this Confederate caricature in a debate where both sides are written by you. Your grandfathers fought and gloriously defeated a savage wolf, and you still exhume its corpse for what exactly?
Replace every confederate flag with any character or concept that has existed longer than 5 years
Dennis Prager said it was about slavery. That’s all the evidence you need.
The only time I’m patriotic is when I’m shitting in the confederacy
They always mention the tariffs, even thought they only came into effect after the succession started.
Y A W N
lol frikin' great
I’ve got two things to say here; firstly, while being a product of your time is a defense against many criticisms, it is not valid when armed conflict erupts on the national scale over the issue. Secondly, historical artifacts should never be destroyed, even when originally crafted in service to an odious cause. They should be taken to museums and placed with the artifacts of the other peoples we conquered.
States rights to own farm equipment
Uh oh
As a southerner I apologize for the confederacy
Fun fact: The emancipation proclamation did not free any slaves in the north where Lincoln's decree could actually become law. Lincon had every opportunity to free slaves in the north and did not do so until the war ended. Just some food for thought.
Surprised you didn't say that TOA outlasted it 3-fold
That’s why I support the Reich instead
All I’m saying is that Germans don’t celebrate their heritage with swastikas
Honestly I think the American Civil War is among the most fucked things to ever happen in history.  It's literally fellow Americans killing each other over the right to enslave an entire race. Brothers killing Brothers. What the actual fuck was wrong with us bro
Calling Confederate cucks _traitors_ tends to send them off.  I mean, I’m Australian, so I do believe the US is a garbage nation - but when someone tries to defend the CSA, oooh boy! You better believe I’m a proud, American patriot.
Saw some of my southern relatives for the first time in years a couple months back. Seemed totally normal until somebody's like "You know, in our state slavery wasn't that bad, a lot of slaves thought of their masters as being like family-" _We don't talk to them now._
Confederacy = bad? 🤯
They argue about rights when it was based on an unconstitutional and inherently unAmerican practice of violating the rights and freedoms of others.
WHO lost over 80,000 more soldiers oh ya union
Lmao the way he keeps  screaching probably spelled that wrong but whatever
Slavery Apologist used "Substitute"  Sane Person used "Blindingly Obvious Question"  The substitute took the attack  The substitute faded
Qqqqqqq
This is very Steven Crowder style ngl  Like this is very much their style  Especially the traitor part I fucking dig it
Buddy Texas which was a part of the confederacy was a republic longer than the actual confederacy was
Im glad the union won and we got the wonderful federal government we have now. Woohoo!
There were four States that adhered to slavery, but did not join the Confederacy: Missouri, Maryland, Kentucky, and Delaware.
I love this thank you Goob for giving me something to play in the windows of idiots that have the confederate flag 4 times on their confederate painted truck that goes into their confederate flag garage door that opens to reveal an amount of former military equipment that can only be described as "legal to own"
No dip, Sherlock.
They only wanted to keep slavery for the labor. Like it or not, the end of slavery was inevitable.
592,047th viewer of this video!
Within 6 days!
The states right to rule over itself. The federal government should not be so involved in a state's business.
Omg. That stupid fuckin "not everything is black and white, its all grey" shit is so fucking annoying to me. Like just admit you are a facist sympathizer and move on mate. Sorry i got through like one sec of the video and then got angry. But mfs who try to defend or de esculate the evil of certain groups and ideologies with that logic, whilst also trying to take the intellectial high groung in doing so, are so entirely unaware that its crazy lmao. Sorry ahout this.
Ok tax payer
I love this! 😂 fun fact. My sixth great grandfather fought on the Union side to help abolish black slavery. It’s kinda crazy how people don’t know that slavery still exists, it’s just not used in its traditional form. Think about it. What does your life revolve around the most and what do you put more time into? Cause in the modern age, we have so many things that we’re slave to and don’t realize it. Food for thought.
The north was very industrial and high population and the south was agricultural. If the north made any federal law at all, it was enforced on the south and the south had effectively no say in the matter. This was coming out of the Revolutionary war where a small group of colonists were whipped up to be enraged enough to challenge the biggest empire in the world to a fight based ion the same issue of no representation in government. Slavery was a big deal and what tipped off the war of course, and it is a 100% good thing they lost because of that, but to pretend that it was the only reason the south had to be pissed about how things were going is to pretend that they were pure evil monsters that only act out of hatred for others. Trying to say it was only about slavery really seems like northern propaganda, honestly.
The Annoying orange was more Relevant then the confederacy over was or will be
Thank you this 1:30min video will save me a lot of headaches
You're a brave man my good sir. pro confederates always be fighting for free speech, but immediately start throwing death threats the minute anyone opposes them.
Based
The only thing he said that was correct was that history isnt black and white. However the confederacy is fucking pitch black. Blacker than a black hole
Based lad.
Aqua Teen hunger force lasted longer than the confederacy
Generations of inhuman slavery against black people, and southern apologists are still saying "Not many people recognize the atrocities committed by the north against the south!" 😂
Also, why does even matter if there was more to it? Like bro, it’s still slavery. Just because there are other things involved, doesn’t make it a good thing.
Holy fuck why did Goobus abolish these mfs harder than anyone ever has through a silly animation
OOOOOOOH Way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes, and alligators, right away (RIGHT AWAY), come away (RIGHT AWAY)
*The virgin Confederacy vs the chad Annoying Orange*
What they don't tell you is that, yes, it WAS about states' rights.  They were mad that Northern states could exercise their states rights to abolish slavery. The Southern states forced the Federal government to capitulate on a number of issues that would infringe on Northern states' rights to oppose slavery and they seceded when a Northern president was elected without winning a single Southern state because it showed that their ability to use the Federal government to enforce slavery on the states was over.  The Southern states weren't PRO- states' rights. They OPPOSED states' rights. Their entire schtick was to use the Federal government to enforce respect for slavery in Northern states, which was why--when they seceded--they made it mandatory in the Confederacy that all joining states must have full slavery rights.
A collection of letters and diary entries from confederate soldiers:  "It is liberty or death with me. I love home and all that surrounds it as much as anybody, but if I have to [be] the equal to a n****r, I had rather never come home, better me fall in the struggle for it."  -Will McKee, 18th GA Infantry, Sept. 1861  "I will show the Yankees] that a white man is better than a n****r."  -Jonas Bradshaw, 38th NC Infantry, Apr. 1862  "[Lincoln] declares [the blacks] entitled to all the rights and privileges as American citizens. So imagine your sweet little girls in the school room with a black wooly headed negro and have to treat them as their equal."  -William Garner, 10th AR Cavalry, Jan. 1864  "A stand must be made for African slavery or it is forever lost."  -William Grimball, 1st SC Artillery, Nov. 1860  "This country without slave labor would be completely worthless. We can only live and exist by that species of labor: and hence I am willing to fight to the last."  -William Nugent, 28th MS Infantry, Sept. 1863  "The vandals of the North... are determined to destroy slavery... We must all fight, and I choose to fight for southern rights and southern liberty."  -Lunsford Yandell Jr., 4th TN Infantry, Apr. 1861  To the people who are arguing against this video, after reading what the confederate soldiers thought during the war, mind telling me how the war was never about slavery?
The American Flag was the one being flown on the Slave Ships :)  Go ahead, try and touch that. I dare you. Edit: So much cope in the replies already. Edit 2: They hated Tony because he called them out on their hypocrisy
I’ve had two cats over a span of fourteen years, and they both outlived the Confederacy by around double.
Americans still defending the Confederacy is such a weird thing to look at from an outsider perspective. Is like if we had Mexicans defending the Second Mexican Empire's ideals (which funnily enough, lasted as much as the Confederacy)
Get douglass'd
I cannot believe people got mad at this. imagine supporting those racist traitors in the modern day, that's laughable
Confederacy=democrats then and democrats now
On one hand slavery bring prosperity to those holding the reins, on the other hand slavery is just down right scummy
LOL!
Can we also point and laugh at people who would like this video while wearing a Che Guevara shirt and not seeing the irony.
the real greyness of the civil war is of a valiant & noble North, who's main goal was a) to maintain the unity of the union and b) keep slavery in where it's historically been but ban new slavery. mostly the former. Most of Lincoln's beliefs about slavery followed the belief in no new slavery but the old is fine (as well as an inherent supremacy of the white race), but as much as it's concerned he did bounce back a little after the civil war and being radicalized by the then progressive radical republicans who got us the main 3 anti-discrimination ammendments, and almost (but not entirely) abolished slavery (see 'except as punishment for a crime').   Confederacy was pretty clear cut though lol. those mfs were hardline pro slavery so obviously it's not a hard decision to say which one are "the good guys" lmfao
"name a single other one of those concerns... just fucking one... i will wait"
You did not really mock confederates if anything you mocked your inability to debate a topic with the mentality of "i interrupt and scream like a petulant child therefore i win" instead of debunking anything what you came off as is someone acting overly defensive to the point you fear they might say something you cant debunk.  Your argument would be equal to Hitler justifying genocide and claiming "because slavery bad" and if anyone brought up a question against him he would interrupt them by saying "slavery bad so i win".  Also confederates was not a country it was a group of states the idea you deem what is valid for a country and what is not in fact bolsters what the confederacy was about because if you took the time to read into them and had the brain capacity look past one aspect that your going to milk too death. It was in fact against the idea of not being controlled by the north i'm not even american yet i took the time to look this up.
Don’t let the Libertarian party find this video, they might explode 😅
I am Southern myself and to those who still make the argument get bent Lee himself upon ending of the war said and I quote from his death bed "Tell Hill he must come up and Strike the tent" which was another way of saying WE LOST  MOVE ON IT'S OVER
Based Doobus Goobus.
Ima start using that annoying orange fact. That’s just genius
The doritos locos taco has outlived it
Geometry dash players have been waiting longer for the next major update than the confederacy lasted
There was more to the confederacy than slavery but it was a very large factor
the states rights to secede because Lincoln actually turned into a tyrant and abused the system because people like you enable them and then bitch when their abuses of the system are overturned kek Not to say that slavery isn't bad, however he did NOT even set out initially to set to abolish slavery at all and he literally was just as racist as them before he could turn it in his favor, politicians are scum and always have been. Get gaslit by state education more tho' i guess
Southern pride✅ confederate pride❌
Slavery has gotta be the most evil thing in American history because if we didn't have it we wouldn't have the 13/50 statistic
THANK YOU
This is a 9.99 out of 10 for me. Personally I would have used the trap remix of dixie
How long till Doobus responds or tries to give a blanket -fuck you- out the box response like his animation.
The confederacy was about states rights. There rights to own slaves
The worst part is that Lincoln wasn't even gonna abolish slavery. He was just gonna limit it. The confederacy was so unnecessary for all parties involved.
The damn furry fandom, lastes longer than rhe co federacy. Started popping in late 80s early 90s, really started growing mid 2010s i believe.
It sucks we can't see dislikes, because I'm certainly curious 😂
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
The United States was conceptualized as a willful union of free states bound by mutual interest. The reasons for the confederate states seeking to leave that union are irrelevant. By effectively forcing the south to rejoin the union against their will, The United States failed at upholding its founding purpose. The “states rights to what?” argument is irrelevant. The civil war entrenched federal supremacy and the consequences of that have been far reaching and devastating to this day.
The most based woke thing this mf has ever done
Maybe the Confederacy would've lasted longer if they had an Annoying Orange mascot 😂
Obama's presidency outlived the confederacy two times over as well as any other non-assassinated 2 term president lmao.
Fun Fact: Lincoln didn't want to end slavery. It was his last resort to disrupt the South's economy. Also, Lincoln was an authoritarian dictator that deserved was happened to him. The northern army under Sherman killed more black people than the KKK ever word.
You know, people who advocate for states rights separate themselves from the confederacy for obvious reasons...
Get Dougleass'd, is this like bloody mary for racists? Because that's a super power I really want. I'd really love to be able to summon Frederick Douglass to drop an elbow
As a Southerner, I can say that it was bad.
Slavery absolutely was an immoral thing, and no honest and good person in modern day western countries will defend it. However, the argument "state's rights to do what" kinda misses the point. Yes, it was for slavery, but more than that it was for states to be allowed to decide themselves if slavery was to be allowed or outlawed within their borders. It eventually boiled down to an argument on not if slavery was wrong, but if it was within the rights of the federal government to force the issue one way or the other, and by a future outlawing nationwide without the consent of the current states it would mean certain areas would become underrepresented in their own choices. This same argument is made over the electoral college today. Also, the South ended up being correct in the fact that the federal government would eventually gain more power than should be allowed. Ever since the end of the civil war we no longer follow the constitutional form of government we were meant to have, instead it is an overarching federal government deciding things, and states governments occasionally dissent against it. It's also really important to note the north did not fight the war for the abolition of slavery, instead it was about keeping the union intact. many will point to the 1863 emancipation proclamation as a counter to that, but even disregarding that it was made two years into the war, it only outlawed slavery in the confederacy. even border states that had slaves would not have them be legally freed despite the fact they were in the union! (Which is not common knowledge, but thought should be brought up, especially given the description). Also, if you REALLY wanna get into it, slavery is STILL legal within the United States, but only for prisons, which also seem to hold a staggering percentage of only one race.
This video took to long to get made.
Sherman didn’t go far enough
I'm for Lincoln and the North. First priority was preserving the Union and second priority was putting slavery in the course of eventual extinction. Lincoln was an anti-slavery moderate who only switched to immediate abolitionism when the fact of the war caused it to make sense, not before when it would have contributed to the division and violence. The point being that Lincoln's policy was wise and the radical abolitionist policy was unwise. Lincoln's policy at the end of his life trying to bind up the wounds of the conflict and not allow it to linger was also wise.  What I find in the people making this argument against the Confederacy today is not the moderate wisdom of Lincoln but a crazy fanaticism. People saying things like that the Confederate army should have all been hanged as traitors after they surrendered: and not just the officers but the common soldiers too. That's insane and anyone who thinks that shouldn't be allowed to vote on account of being bloodthirsty hatemongering lunatics. I would even go so far as to say that an honorable man should not surrender to enemies like that even if the cause he started fighting for was unjust. Fortunately the real Union army had more sense and more decency than their crazed fanboys on Twitter.  Also, you can tell what someone really thinks about slavery from their take on the Sound of Freedom movie.
based
CHECKMATE LINCOLNITES!!!
This video burned them traitors so hard it burnt down Atlanta
Funny internet man DESTROYS the confederacy
I love that Doobus included the Checkmate Linconites series in his description. It is so worth watching if you want every reason to hate the Confederacy justified.
Tf2 hasn’t had a major update for longer than the confederacy existed
Based
aw shoulda used Marching Thru Georgia. that one REALLY get them states rights mofos britches in a knot
Controversy is my sustenance.
Slavery, yes. That's the obvious answer, however, the North did not care about slavery for the reason of being inhumane, it was a battle of industrialisation vs primitive slavers not wanting to move on with the times. Slavery was just the main focus of this.
never seen a video so fucking worthy of my thumbs up
The ideas behind it still persist. It is still traitors who support this and perpetrate it. Heard affirmative action was struck down in college admissions in 2023. Funding for schools for certain areas are already pretty one sided. I've seen what states rights can do, and what people who have not- can not do.   The tesla guy, didn't he get a lotta love for basically giving Michigan clean water. What's that the state's rights? Didn't Florida just bus a bunch of immigrants to another state using tax dollars? Election deniers running for office is itself an act of a traitor. People using this flag for history and wanting to go back to this flag just so someone else can be oppressed, doesn't change the fact that someone is being oppressed. So many people focusing on the symptoms and not the root cause for the solution.
Doobus colab with John Brown and General Sherman when?
Gray uniforms huh?  What other country had gray uniforms?
:3 I have a new fav creator
"It's our heritage."  That's the same as saying Nazisim is German culture. It doesn't make it any less illegal or bigoted. 💀
Lol I love this you beautiful bastard you. Keep doing what you’re doing
Today states have to right to murder a person. Death penalty for the win
I Wish I was In Dixie is a slapper, and nothing you can say can change that.
Tbf people in the confederacy did fight for reasons other than slavery (Lee supposedly fought because he supported his state over the federal government). Although that doesn’t mean that these people weren’t fighting for slavery, just that they didn’t perceive themselves as fighting for slavery. Also, just because some people supported the confederacy for reasons other than slavery doesn’t take away from the points made in the video.
Every time I hear "state's rights", I'm reminded on how it was an excuse to screw with the gays.
Exactly! Now try this one on for size:  A women’s right to do what?
My old cat lived more than 3 times longer than the confederacy
Love the animation.
Goobus got death threats 💀
The Iraq War was about WMD's.  The Spanish-American War was about the, "attack", on the USS Maine.  The Vietnam War was about the Gulf of Tonkin incident.  The Civil War was about Slavery.  These and so many more fictional tales brought to you by your federal government.
Google Stadia lasted longer then the Confederacy
Why would anyone support the creation of the United States if slavery was not only socially acceptable, but legal?
In what world did the North give a crap about ending slavery before the war was on?
CONFEDERACY HISTORY AIN'T US HISTORY BECAUSE THEY WEREN'T THE UNITED STATES 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅  Fr though i love asking "state's rights to do what?" because it's never just "slavery" it's always no answer or they fumble about how it wasn't just slavery when it literally was.
Don't look up which state was the last to outlaw slavery.
"slavery is bad"  internet people: what are you a woke leftist now!!? slavery is NOT bad!!
TRUTHHHH
Two not so fun facts:  1. [CITATIONS NEEDED] The whole "States' Right" argument was driven by a pro-Confederate group well after the Civil War (I believe it's also the same group responsible for the massive uptick in Confederate statues way after the Civil War itself... Yeah, most weren't erected during the Confederacy. Fun [not] fact: I was informed that Lee didn't want any statues of him made. This group made them anyways.) 2. Slavery is still technically considered constitutional as a punishment for a crime per the 13th Amendment.
I wonder how many Che Guevera shirts are being worn by the Redditors in these comments gloating about how the South lost.
Bruh, not gonna lie, but the southern guy sounds like a calmed down Foghorn Leghorn.
I’ve had back pain that’s lasted longer than the confederacy
0:36 damn he really said the quiet part out loud
There's another level to the "it was about StAtEs RiGhTs". Before the secession, some free states enacted policies that said slavery wasn't a thing in them, and therefore as they didn't recognize it there were no grounds for escaped slaves on their soil to be returned to their "owners". Guess which STATES RIGHTSERS were very happy for federal power to be used to force them to change that policy?
Let's go look at how blacks turned out in the 150 years since.  Hmm.  You sure about that?
Another banger goobus 😎
conservative fascist states never last long.
"Hey, Hey Confederacy. Hey!" "What?" *"civil war."*
Skibidi toilet
Goobus does make a good point
Doobus I love your stuff but please stay away from politics.
Please don't do politics...
as a french, I don't think I ever saw anyone defend napoleon's french empire and the likes.  so seeing some americans getting upset because a bunch of slave owners got their asses wooped some 200 years ago is funny
The funniest part of the confederacy seceding because of Lincoln’s election is that Lincoln had no plans to to abolish Slavery, he wanted to further restrict and ban the expansion of slavery but he was fully willing to let the states which already had slavery keep slavery because he wanted to keep the union together. Ironically the southern states probably would have kept slaves much longer if they never seceded.  Tldr; they played themselves
Their argument is about economy and enforced laws that were ruinous to the southern agricultural economy. *Laws that were passed only after the confederacy rebelled, but guess that is inconsequential, UH?*
yOu GoT tHe CoNfEdErAtE fLaG wRoNg
Reconstruction wasn't nearly as far-reaching or radical as it should've been
Educate yourself, sweetie
It made me laugh.
I have a cousin, born in PA, second generation born in America and he waved the original flag of traitors saying it was "his heritage..."  No, he's just a racist. "Coincidentally" hung it up right after his granddaughter married a black man.  Bigots are stupid. Stupid and hateful...a dangerous combination.
Stick to talking about vidya games.. Oblivious zoomer takes on historical politics isn't what anyone needs.
🎶Oh...way down South in the land of cotton, old times there are not forgotten..🎶
A states right to industrialize without being pressured through extreme price hikes from the north. Nobody cared about slavery at that point because industrialization allowed more efficient and faster gathering that slaves could ever do.
I like how he drew Abe to look like Abe from Clone High
"State's rights to do what?" "You don't need privacy if you have nothing to hide." "You don't need freedom if you obey big brother." -t police state Not justifying slavery, just disagreeing with the argument. That's exactly what causes people to dig their heels in on the issue. A simple moral argument is sufficient. -t devil's advocate
Oh way down south in the land of traitors
based
I was hoping you weren't gonna delve too into politics but after the Street Fighter video hell the Ben Shapiro one should've been an obvious tipping point and that was old. Guess I'll move onto another funny animator that doesn't have politics clouding his humor.
God I love this video as I f*cking much- I never even considered the annoying orange bit. 😂
I love this northern approach to unity: shit all over the South's history with the self-righteous condescension of a university sociology professor and expect them to keel over and agree with you. You guys are f*cking brilliant! I'm sure they won't be incensed to entrench themselves further in their narrative, because calling them idiots will undoubtedly win them over. 🙄  *[EDIT]* Forgot an indefinite article
I guess the "gray area" to me would be I think a lot of the individuals in the rebel army, at least foot soldiers, probably weren't bad people; but poor/uneducated southerners who (in a time before mass communication, remember) heard that the battle was about all the stuff the Lost Cause people later claimed.   It was still a horrible side to be on, though, and the Lost Cause narrative can go fuck itself.
Union Dixie is the greatest diss track.
Confederacies are harder to maintain than republics. Lincoln could say, "I need 20000 men in a months time.", and it would be done. Davis could say, "Pretty please may I have 5000 men Mississippi?", and they'd leave him on read.
How about a thread of dumb things that were/are around longer than those traitorous fuckwads? "Grand Theft Auto V" has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
States' Rights to harass queer people and persons afab.
Slavery IS a terrible practice. But asking the feds to do something about something that you dislike or disagree with is also a terrible practice. If the federal government can and will bypass the counties and states....WHY do we even have or need counties and state governments?!
Like your vids, but this is kind of a strawman ngl
Is the end song a Confederate song or something?
the annoying orange is my heritage and i’m very proud of it🍊🧡
Johnny Reb: SC seceeded first for reasons that are debated upon  Billy Yank: Slavery... 🙄  Johnny Reb: Debated upon!!
Ngl most people don’t defend the slave aspect but the rights practiced by Americans to bear arms against the government at the time when standards were different not by todays standards of morals and the rebel heart which was encompassed after took a life of its own as do many pop culture events and activities and such do people do like to see it black and white cause it’s easier but put your self in someone else’s shoes and understand actual reasons people did stuff people aren’t that mature now adays
There is a classmate of mine that talks just like this about the civil war
more history based content please
Agreed. I believe people who like the Confederacy are racist traitors. USA!
You're so brave for saying this!
If you read the documentation for abolishing slavery you will find it only says it will abolish slavery in the south nowhere else.
Libs: It's about states' rights to abortion Confederates: Hold your horses just a gosh darn minute
Get Douglass’d is just a great line.
Sherman didn't march far enough.
I agree with the sentiment that not all history is clear cut Good Vs Evil. The civil war however was not an example I'd point to.
It’s even funnier when you meet people from random states who fly confederate flags. Last guy I met with one had it on his truck window proud of his “history” The guy was from Minnesota. Not exactly the land of Dixie.
r/Shermanposting would like to welcome you to our ranks
Okay, if you want your dumbass question answered then here: the civil war wasn't based on slavery, although I'm sure you'd LOVE it to be since it sounds like you got a hard-on for big government. The whole point of the Civil War was over states rights... TO GOVERN THEMSELVES versus having a centralized government that we have today. History is written by the victors so it's no wonder why they've brainwashed you and everyone else into thinking it was about slaves. Read something other than wikipedia for once
In their Defense, All of America had slavery at some point, Its just The North stopped and decided, hey if we can stop we Can violate the southern states' rights to get rid of slavery there.
abloobloobloo thlavery ith the only ithhue of the thivil waaar! thathes rightth bad even though the UTH ith philothophically built on the idea! Thimpleton.
My virginity outlived the confederacy
The confederacy declared war on a industrial power house, what was their major product cotton that just doesn’t work
the north didnt want to aband skavery in the fist half, it just becaymn one of the main reasn after som time
Yeah, do what I do and appreciate your ancestors country. Prussia, I will always miss you.
I saw some guy in Alberta Canada driving around with a big confederate flag on his truck, I think he was lost.
This is exactly why I don't think I could ever associate with anyone who waves the confederate flag like a badge of honor to be worn on their sleeve. The confederacy wasn't formed out of actual oppression, it was a bunch of whiney white plantation owners who were bent out of shape that they might have to actually PAY someone to keep their show running.
Hell the fascist regimes of Japan, Germany and Italy outlived the Confederacy. Ironically the aforementioned countries don’t go around flying flags and putting up statues of the losers because they acknowledge they lost and they want nothing to do with the old regimes, whereas Neo-Confederates hang on to something that’s long gone and should stay gone and only remembered as losers and traitors.
William Sherman only did 1 thing wrong . He stopped.
Great vid, but made better by realizing he used the clone high design for Lincoln
Peter Griffin served in the Confederate army
Csa was bad but union didn't abolish slavery up north officially untill 7 months after lincoln died. Plus lincold himself established a new worse form of slavery that he used to fight the oh so terrible plantation and housekerping slavery. Consription, it's quite literally a form of slsvery and was established by lincoln. Lincoln wasn't a saint by any messure
Slavery was a factor, but so we're tariffs that harmed Southern Agriculture, The South in it's time was the fourth largest economy in the world if it was an independent state, and it's why the South threatened Succession ten years before the Civil war began. Also Lincoln would not have freed the slaves if he didn't have to, he didn't free a single slave in norther territory until after the war(let's not even go into how many right he stepped on to the point Mussolini took notes when he was seeking power) The Confederate States were no heros, but neither was the North
Guys reminder that the animated web series Battle for Dream Island ran longer (and it technically still running) than the confederacy
0:42 He didn’t want to abolition slavery either lmao
Too political, subscribed
I'm not from the US. so I learned something today. Thank you green goo guy.
The Confederacy was bad because they brought black people to America. The Union was bad because they didn't deport the black people after freeing them
Imagine using a five year period to “represent” your family’s “history and heritage”.
I may be an Englishman, who isn't a massive fan of slavery, but I find that southern man's accent to be akin ro butter to the old weary ears
Had this exact conversation except it was more like "states right to do what" "To vote in their own laws" "What kind of laws"
Germany: helo
So I legit didn't know there was a union version of Dixie that you used at the end, proving once again that the union songwriters understood the assignment because they came up with bangers on top of crapping all over their enemies
But the cowboy sounds so charming
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS RATTLE SNAKES AND ALLIGATORS
Fun fact: even though Lincoln found slavery to be morally evil, he wasn’t really going to abolish slavery he just was going to pass, laws preventing its spread into the western territories.   Which I guess was enough for the south.
Rascism is such a dead horse, yall gotta stop pounding on the dirt. Horse beed dead and buried for years. 😂
As a black guy I agree with this video.
I never understood why the confederate flag is considered patriotic in America, they were literally doing the least patriotic thing possible for the usa
I want this video to be shown in history class. It's easy to tell who flunked history classes in school when people try to defend slavery. It was never a right, it's just evil. It's just having common sense.
Based post
yes
when Fortnite outlived the confederacy 💀
"you fucking traitor" WOOOOOOO
Daily reminder that the Confederacy were Democrats
State should have more power than federal, but I do agree that slavery is wrong. I think federal government in a country that each state is literally about the size of a country. The government should probably be more State based, and federal should only lay down human rights laws to prevent states from doing things like slavery, but shouldn't stop states from governing people as the main body. If I am making sense.
Yes. They were also likely would have done away with slavery to trade with Europe. They were also worried about Lincoln jailing anyone who did news on the south’s side of the conflict. Also heavily censored them. England referred to Lincoln as a tyrant king. And would have sided with the south til Lincoln said he’s end slavery if he won. The south had no such plan at the time to do so but we’re willing to as they would need trade relations. And no one wants to trade with slave states save Africa. For slaves. Robert e lee fought because he thought the states should determine when they let slavery go and it wasn’t for the feds to decide. In fact his line of thinking was proven when they overturned Roe V Wade on the same merit. It’s a state issue that the federal gov. Has no constitutional right to force. It’s evil absolutely. So is murdering children. But if Cali wants to kill kids even after birth it’s their voters decision because a state vote has more voice for what the people in that state want vs the federal level where is mainly a handful of states. Also if all of this wasn’t true then they would have tried and executed the president of the confederacy for being a traitor. But the let him go. Dropping charges before he spoke before a jury as the feds were worried that should he speak about why they separated then it would show the same effect as Roe v Wade and thus show it should have been a state issue in fact slavery was winding down in several places that didn’t rely on slaves as heavily. With only democrat Deep South still using them for cheap labor. So I get your want to call slavery bad. But Lincoln himself had to tell his army it wasn’t due to slavery that they fought or 2/3 would have defected because they didn’t care if the slaves were slaves they didn’t want to kill their brothers and sons over slaves. Lincoln assured them that the states didn’t have the right to secede and thus were traitors. But constitutionally they did have that right. If the federal gov. Over reached. And as roe v wade showed. They did
Burn the Confederate Flag, losers don't get trophies.
The blue ketchup fad lasted longer than the confederacy.
Good
to self govern you massive spaz
Love this 😂, being in Arkansas you have a bunch of idiots in school that would do this dumb shiiii
abrahamn lincoln never mentiond abolishment of slavery in his election campaign, in fact therre is a licholn quote where he says if he could have ended the war without freeing a single slave he would have days b4 enacting the emancipation proclomation.
really? tbh I didnt know much about the confedurficy but I didnt think it was just 4 years. that is nothing! that is NOTHING! wow...
They still had slaves. The appeal to abolishing slavery as being a motive never came about till later on in the war, which was little more than a political move on Lincoln's part. Lincoln's own speeches early on had little to no mention of it being a matter of some moral opposition to slavery specifically, instead it was about maintaining the union, in the eyes of Lincoln. Kiddo, you really don't know history.
“States rights to do what?”😂😂😂😂
In all honesty as an asian i rather trust an american with the Confederacy flag than one with the USA flag . And i'm not joking
Well syir, they mait have been called "slaves", but iffin ya'll actually look in-to the culturaal con-text of the taaaim, they was treated much mo'ar laik family than as prop-pert-teh. And it was not, as it wuh-er, fine-ants-uh-lee sound to beat one's "slaves" y'understand. How could a beaten "slave" do the work his owner rek-why-urr-d of him iffin he was beaten?  Yeh-see he-ah, you caan-t com-pear the types of slavery used by uthu CON-trees to that of our bless-ed southern states. No syir, the way we did it was hyu-mane and actually a net benefit to those within its awws-piss-is.   Actual arguments I have heard.
Most people i know who fly the confederate flag do it becuase they know it pisses people off, the same people who tell them the correct way of looking at the world and they are tired of listening to these people so they fly the confederate flag. Actual got to witness a confrontation between a confederate flag person and a liberal, liberal told him flag was bad, he said k, she started yelling and screaming and just being a nuisance while the flag guy just ignored her. I was having a shit day but watching her look dumb made it better.
BRO SO MANY PEOPLE ARE SELF REPORTING
This comment section is wild, some ppl should rly take some history lessons instead of demonizing something they know practically nothing about, in a war they also seem to know nothing about
The original goal of the war was to bring back the south into the union and stop the spread of slavery, but eventually Lincoln revealed his true intentions with the emancipation proclamation.
It’s really depressing knowing there are people out there that celebrate losing sovereignty and support tyranny
Look I get how things were, but right now the federal government is out of control.
Real
So the thing was that most people during that time didn't have slaves, from their perspective their home was just being invaded. Not everyone in the confederacy were evil people, people find it so easy to just paint everyone in a time period as terrible, irredeemable people.
There was also a State's right to determine (or deny) citizenship, a State's right to deny equal protection under the law, a State's right to deny due process, and a State's right to restrict voting on the basis of race.  State's rights before the Civil War were grotesque in addition to the horrors of slavery
Before I start, I a fully opposed to slavery, and Sherman is one of my favorite historical figures. The Confederacy was an abomination whose actions and ideals were abominable   I always hate it when our side tries to use this strawman, because there's actually a counter to it: Economic independence While Slavery was a major part of the question, it was also over things export duties. The diversified Northern economy was better capable of handling a domestic market whereas the South was reliant on foreign markets  It's such an easy counter to the "right to what" question, and it is completely accurate, making the question useless against anyone who actually knows what they're doing
The green dude isn’t ignoring his other concerns, the gray dude is ignoring slavery
so funny
This is like if Lois Griffin said, “9/11 was bad,” then the whole crowd boo’ed her. Keep going with shutting out CSA defenders
People should support whoever they want to support.
To be fair there actually were non slavery related issues, a key one being trade. The north being heavily industrialized put massive tarrifs on cheaper European goods which hurt southerners who exported goods abroad as nations retailiated and it made living costs for southerners much higher. Look up the tarrif of abominations. People from the south were generally opposed to a more centralized government and economy, things such as the national bank. Southerners wanted to expand into Spanish Caribbean territory.
This is now, one of my all time favorite videos lol.
You know what else lasted longer than the Confederacy? The Fast and the Furious franchise. Down with Confederate statues, up with Dominic Toretto's statues!
DONT CLICK NEWEST FIRST WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE
Where’s the sequel blm is bad (No I am not a white supremest I swear to god Remember they stole all that money that people lended to them look it up)
Don't worry. The DEMOCRATS who owned slaves in the South just moved to the west coast and replaced them with underpaid labor from Mexico.
It was the states rights to own farmtools. A worthy cause for any Dunmer. Unfortunately these N'wah s'wits are filthy outlanders who do not honor the sixth house and tribe unmourned. Moon and star none of them have argonians or khajits just redguards, what fools they are. Redguards are inferior farmtools to argonians due to the argonians inherit resistance to disease and ability to breathe underwater. The redguard is superior to the khajits due to the former not being addicted to moon sugar and skooma.
The niiiiiight   they tore ‘ol Dixie down  And all the people were sayin’  Nanana  Nanana  Hey hey  Goodbye yah.
The development cycle of Duke Nukem Forever lasted almost 3 times as long as the Confederacy.
just like RvW nearly started a second cival war.. States rights to choose their own laws.
Well there is a few things to consider tho... 1) the north had slaves too it just wasn't all that common, higher ups just wanted more territory so they made up bs about being saints 2) if you are going to make a statement that the south was weak then what about the black people? I mean they were easily destroyed, conquered, enslaved etc...shouldn't we hold them to the same merit? Laugh at their weakness? To this day they still need to be defended by the whites. 3) you are holding someone responsible for things that were pretty much normal at that point in time, don't get me wrong, its horrible but back then it wasn't really considered evil so much and it was just controversial(like saying certain minorities can't drive, its being an as*ho*e but not really truly evil). 4) lots of people care about their ancestors because they died in that war, people have right to honor their ancestors and remember them. I am not from south nor a racist/slave owner activist its just that lots of things you say don't really make sense to me.  Lastly, the world was evolving throughout time, in terms of time the earth exists, humanity is very new and we evolved the fastest and made achievments  that no one could have ever hoped for in such a short time, our sense of good and wrong was different a hundred years ago and will be different in hundred years from now either way. Either the society will collapse into being vegans too afraid to offend bs or the world will collapse into a dystopia where there is no electricity and we will turn to savages(not the only two options but I want to make the most probable examples). Either way it will change.
Virgin Atun Shei  Chad Doobus Goobus
*This is a weird episode of Checkmate Lincolnites.*
Prager U even said that the Civil War was fought over slavery. Let that sink in.
The Confederates may have been traitors to the Union, but all Americans were traitors to the British empire!
Glad I’m not American so I cannot lose braincells in the comments
Also the states that made up the Confederacy wanted the Supreme Court to enshrine into law a bill that would require Northern States to turn over all escaped slaves. So yeah, about those states rights.....
Waiting for Taylor Versions of 1989, Reputation and Taylor Swfit Debut is more longer than the Confederacy’s lifespan. They are traitors and supported slavery.
This IS PERFECT!!!
*The North after winning the civil war:* "Hurrah, the slaves are free! Wait...why are they all moving up here now?!? I was fine with freeing them, I never said I wanted to live next to them!  And that's why the north ended up having more sundown towns than the south.
The war was over whether or not the State's had a right to leave the Union. This is evident in how the war actually started.  And Lincoln did not want to abolish slavery. He made that very clear multiple times.
Out here doing God's work.
Nuh uh!  With all the tyrannical oppressive laws the Lincoln administration was forcing on the south, they had no choice but to secede! You just have to ignore the part where 7 out of 11 seceded before Lincoln was even inaugurated......
I sure do love when people forget that the North had multiple states where slavery was legal, and Lincoln kept it that way during the war. Man, it's almost like making it JUST about slavery shows you're just as Bad or something, hmmm.   Also lol when Doobus the commie traitor says that he doesn't care if their were other concerns, by owning slaves they were evil...okay, so that makes the North who also had slaves just as evil. It sure would be nice if you commie traitors would actually talk honestly about history for once, literally any part, you lot seem incapable of telling the truth about anything.
*Confederate States's say Slavery was their reason for secession *Southerners force Northerners to force escaped slaves to go back to the South as a 'State Right' *Decided to secede when an abolitionist got into office. Confederacy Simps and Dumb Southerners: Bro it was about state's rights, I do declare, I swear, I say I says it's states' rights! Me: Cofused?
Slavery was a terrible institution, but blacks in practice did not fair much better under the North than they did the south.  In practice, they could not vote, own property, or hold office until almost a hundred years later.
A states right to issue its own currency, a states right draft and recruit its own militia, a states right to rely on human labor instead of industrial automation.  The majority of southerners did not own slaves, and were poor, southern whites.
An EXTREMELY over simplified video on the cause of the Civil War. Seems about right from people who want to ignore history.
Tbh Lincoln did not give a damn about the slaves... If he could have annexed the southern states without freeing them, weakening their economy in the process, he probably would have... Like most "good guys" in history, he was actually an asshole. Most important figures in history are actually assholes... Says a lot about our society.   Btw, wasn't the white house originally built by african slaves? 😐
Gta 6 has been in development longer than the confederacy was out.
Things made by Democrats don't typically pan out well, lul
The number one rule of teachers in schools is not to enforce their political views on their students
This is funny but it does gloss over some valid counter points. First I do want to say it absolutely was about the abolition of slaves, but not in it's entirety. And 2nd to get an idea of the culture, many and possibly even most of the abolitionists wanted to send black people to Africa. They wanted to end slavery because they hated black people and that's something many people didn't realize.  Now, on to pre-civil war politics. The abridged version, the Whigs were the party that the abolitionists voted with because they were the major party, think of libertarians voting for Republicans today. The Whigs weren't committed to abolition but they were willing to try to limit the power of slave states in the union. So for several years and several states being added to the union the Whigs and the Democrats were essentially duking it out in a power struggle but nether party really wanting to have a decisive victory because "other side bad" is a wedge issue that get each side votes. But the Whigs did want to frustrate slavery because that was a major industry for Whig states and they did want some power over them so weakening their economy helped. In response the democrats churned out racist propaganda to drum up support of slavery. Along comes Abe Lincoln and the republican party, a more extreme pro abolition party. He united the north and drew great support as the first president of the abolitionist party.  The Whigs and the Democrats hated him because he threw a wrench into their little scheme. He also pulled away supporters from the mainline Whigs, kind of like what (sorry Abe) Trump did more recently but with more tact.  That's the abridged context of the civil war. The TL;DR version, Democrats had a kinda power struggle with the Whigs but were in a comfortable spot. Abe won the election as a Republican, an abolitionist party and the Democrats were like "scvrew you republicans, we are out of here" but Abe was like "no". So in a way the Democrats states were being stepped on and screwed over for a while. So in that aspect it was about states rights and not being treated as equals or feeling like their voice is being heard. Interesting they didn't apply the same reasoning to slavery. But, regardless of the nuiance the major concern was still slavery.
If you have a northern public school education, shut up. If you have a southern public school education, shut up. The lost cause myth and the sisters of the confederacy filled southern education systems with propagandized, glorified and idealized pictures of the insurrection, what it stood for, and what the people fighting for it and (against it) were like.  The northern public education system filled schools with idealized, glorified visions of the north, what the soldiers on the ground fought for, what they were like, and what the leaders believed.  The average confederate foot soldier was not evil or overly gallant/just, he was only fighting in what he knew as a rebellion for his homeland.  The average federal foot soldier was not evil or overly gallant/just, he was only fighting in what he knew as a rebellion (an enemy country) threatening his homeland.  The average confederate footsoldier was a person, just as the average federal footsoldier was as well.  Lincoln wanted to eradicate slavery in the United States and send the enslaved African people to Liberia, a country in Africa for the newly freed men and women to start their lives, sort of akin to a colony or reservation. This is what most (if not all) abolitionists believed at the time.   The insurrection was bound to happen just as much as it was bound to fail. The south was simply inferior economically and even relied on the north, with the north buying tobacco and cotton picked and processed by enslaved peoples. While the south was mostly agricultural and relied on the north, the north did not whatsoever rely on the south. The southern governments, with their collective economy centered around atrocity, had to rebel once the atrocity of slavery was getting fizzled out by the progressively republican north. Thereon, the Democratic Party split off to maintain slavery in the new confederated states of America, with slavery and “the negro man’s inferiority to the white man” written into the constitution.  If by some chance of fate the south had achieved independence, they would have Britain to thank for it, with whom the south had been messaging and collectively beginning an alliance. If the south won, they would become a British Imperial puppet state and would only serve to continue to perpetuate British Imperial oppression onto the peoples of the Americas, undoing all of the blood spilled by the founding fathers and their revolution in the 1770’s.
Thank you 😂. This is the stupid shit I've always heard. It feels vindicating to hear someone else bring it up.
Not even the Confederacy survived waiting for Half-Life 3.
Besides being a commercial failure, the Wii U still succeeded to outlive the Confederacy.
I’d stay away from politics and Twitter, otherwise you’d just be another one of those animators
What is that flag?
Take a shot every time someone says "slavery"
Alternatively, get John Browned wouldve also worked.
States rights to own gardening equipment. :)
And say what you will about the Annoying Orange, neither he nor his creator EVER condoned slavery or racism!
The only thing incorrect here is when the states seceded from the union. states were actually leaving before Lincoln became president. Part of the reason why Lincoln was elected was to get those states back.
It took longer to get splatoon fucking 3 then the confederacy lasted. Nintendo has had periods where they didn’t release a new IP longer that the confederacy. COVID’s 1 year away from being older than the confederacy. Most people who can read have lasted longer than the confederacy.
Yeah, ya think?
Saying it’s your heritage, or you are to any degree proud of a family members who served in the confederacy or anything similar to that is like a Japanese person bragging about how proud they were that their great grandfather served under the imperial Japanese army specifically as an interrogator in a POW camps…. Or, like a German saying that they’re proud of their heritage from their great grandfather being one of the guards at Auschwitz….. methinks there’s some heritage there that ye shouldn’t be very proud of…. Just a thought.
Adding on to the list of things that outlived the Confederacy: Annoying orange Cocomelon FNAF Carameldansen Every 2000s meme Easy bake ovens FUCKING AMONG US
Do nazis next
THANK YOU.
"Annoying orange, 2009 - present" I thought it was 2016 - 2020?
Eh, I'll take that flag over any rainbow ones
Sure you can "ignore their other concerns" because of their evil deeds in relation to slavery. But lets not forget that Lincoln was pretty authoritarian because he did censor newspapers and suspended habeas corpus. There is nuanced discussion to be had to about those powers and the powers the federal goverment still has to this day.
My 2009 light blue DSi that I’ve dropped down the stairs multiple times has outlived the confederacy by a mile
Fun fact: schools still teach this in the southern USA today, that the civil war was about states rights and not slavery, they say it was about trade shit, which is just stupid
The south is evil
I just wanted to say this is A+ for algorithmic engagement
Dead horse argument. Everyone in the past sucked. Let’s do better.
"you're gonna celebrate a nation so fucking weak the annoying orange outlived it?" FUCKING GAHT DAYUM
Look, The North was pretty fucked up, 'ol "Honest Abe" was pretty far from the epitome of paragon that he's painted as, and many other things. Does any of that say the South wasn't a greater evil? _No._  The sad part about conservatives and other reactionaries is that they'll often have a correct observation, but then dramatically hyperfocus and generalize to the point of hyprocisy. It's like seeing 2 + 2 = 2 × 2 and then assuming 3 × 3 = 3 + 3. "The gov't is bad, and the Dems are corrupt", correct, now rather than ramping up gov't control and joining the more heavily corrupt faction how's 'bout you join me up in the protest here, and work for abolishing our dependency on the gov't?
Still can't believe you got death threats for posting the truth.
Wait, I know this one. The thing that actually set it off was that both the south and the north wanted to colonize the west, but the south wanted their people to be able to take their slaves with them to do so, while the north wanted to keep slaves specific to the slave states. When the south voted unanimously that they should be able to take their slaves to the west with them, and still lost, they felt they had lost their voice and declared war.   So the answer is: States' rights to take their people that they own and force to work against their will into dangerous places full of horrid beasties.
That was both hilarious and made me put a smile on my face. Earned my support.
Based
States right to do what?
Fun Fact: There are more Shrek movies than there are years the confederacy existed!
I say we revolt against the government for suppressing our state's rights of cannibalizing children
Goobus could probably sell shirts from that thumbnail.
The state's rights to do what?   The state's rights to decide what laws they wanted to pass and govern themselves. The Federal Government was not meant to be overlord over the states and the constitution specifically states that anything not covered by it was to be decided by the states themselves.   Was slavery bad? Yes. But the Union winning is why the Federal Government is now too big and needs to be cut back instead of intruding on the average citizen.   Fast forward to current year. You will own nothing and be happy because The Union Won. Slavery was abolished only to bring back Serfdom and enslave EVERYBODY.   Poor take honestly. If slavery is really bad then why support the Federal Government looking to make slaves of us all?
BASED!😂
The Civil War wasn't about slavery. Want to know how I know? The Northern Slaves weren't freed even after the Emancipation Proclamation. Abe Lincoln wasn't some champion of abolition in fact there's many points of his career that point to he was against it until it was politically convenient.
Slavery was obviously the primary cause of secession but to dismiss the other causes and label an entire nation and people as 'evil' and irreconcilable is a shitty take. Your video is good to point out the riffraff on Facebook and other places that dodge the question of slavery but you give off a provocative impression that really doesn't help any genuinely serious discussion about the Civil War. If I can at least give some insight, the massive blemish of slavery on southern history is an embarrassing topic and a lot of people who have an interest in the Civil War and its contemporary surroundings make the mistake of feeling like they have to defend 'the peculiar institution'  by dancing around it. They try to twist it to be portrayed as some type of Slavery Lite™. It's not my place to say why, maybe because they feel if they accept it then they look evil, but they don't realize they look even worse doing what they do. Shot in the dark.  With all that said, PLEASE ignore my glowing-eye Jefferson Davis profile picture lol, its irony and a friend made it for me.
i find this entire thing even funnier when you consider that like, the bible is pretty inconsistent with a lot of things but it was defiantly  consistent on the whole slavery is bad part.
1:15 the song is fire, though
Historically, the Civil War was about slavery AMONG MANY OTHER THINGS.  You have to remember, the south was entirely dependent on the agricultural economy, the north already outnumbered them, massive cultural differences between the northern "Yanks" (Anglo heritage) and the southern "Dixie" (Scots and Irish heritage).  The north basically was forcing the south into poverty and hundreds of thousands of normal men fought in the war, not just northern politicians and southern land-owners.  Ultimately the war was TRULY fought over one thing, if you joined the USA, was the membership permanent?  The north said yes and the south said no, it just so happened that due to the economic framework of the time, one of the primary catalysts for the war was slavery, among many other political, cultural and socio-economic concerns.  TL;DR: The war was far more complex than we give credit to, but slavery was ultimately ONE of the main things that the Confederacy tried to preserve, which even for the time, unless you were a Barbary Pirate or an African King, was incredibly bad optics and out-of-date.
well its likely that some of the folks who say that do that because the USA are so young that the national epos is actually star wars.
The States' right to peacefully secede from the Union.
Slavery was a normal thing in the old days. The reason why slavery started to disappear wasn’t cause people just grew a conscious but it was simply an economical liability for most western powers. The South wasn’t as organized nor as industrial as the north, thus slavery was one of their concerns. Most southerners were also lazy and even tho the south had good lands for farming they actually produced very little. The failure of the South was also the failure of the north, if the south would had been more industrialized there would had never been a civil war. But to defend the north and dis the South for doing what every one was actually doing at the time it’s just childish and absurd. It truly shows how unintelligent are such people “BuT SlAveRy”
Wow, a lot of salty traitors and traitor apologists in this comment section.  Doobus is spitting facts and y'all couldn't handle it, so you're being saltier than an ocean in the replies (not even comments, but hiding in the replies of comments).                                                     Also, red, gold, blue magnolia flag > traitor flag.
Oh my god! C-Tier artist makes an animation about slavery being bad and posts it to twitter. Yes my wittle fans! Suckle at my teet! Give me all of the internet points mineminemineminemine!
Bring up the Fugitive Slave act to any of those State's Rights yahoos. Think about it; they were so obsessed with slavery staying legal, these guys who claim to love state laws and rights so much... they passed a federal law directly overriding and upending the jurisdiction of Free states in favor of their own.
DUDE THAT FUCKING END CARD😂
This is the greatest video I've ever watched, fast, no bullshit, brilliant animation.  Nice  Also little sidenote, most moveis take 4 to 10 years to finish, that's right, you watch a thing that took longer to make than the confederacy existed pretty much all the time.  My bloody channel has been around longer than the confederacy existed. In fact, the jump between my first upload, (October 8th, 2016) and my first video thats still public (May 7th 2020) is slightly less than the amount of time that the nation existed.  My longest series is 400 days shorter than the amount of days the confederacy survived. Thats just embarrassing.
i mean, he was kinda right. it wasn't black and white, it was black and greyish black. no white, trust me i almost didn't believe that my state had more sundown towns than southern states.
AWAY! AWAY! WE'LL ALL GO DOOOOOOOOOOOWN... TO DIXIE!
1:15  Oh way down south and the land of traitors,rattlesnake’s and alligators.   Right way (right away)  Come way (come away   Right way (right away)  Come way (come away)  Where cottons king and men are chattel’s union boys will win the battles.   Right way (right away)  Come way (come away)   Right way (right away)  Come way (come away)  We’ll all go down to Dixie, away, away
One of your country's few moments of insight
States rights to own slaves and tell the feds to fuck off
One of the most patriotic things you can do is hate the confederacy
People are waving a flag of a group destroyed by the country which destroyed them.
I do oh so love the 'I am so smart' people who yammer on about taxes and tarrifs.   Go say that to someone who's black and see how far it gets you.
My favorite response to “State’s right to what?” Is “State’s right to own property”   because it’s technically correct in the worst way possible
Stickler American civil war history admirer here. Originally when Abraham Lincoln got elected, his campaign promise was to stop slavery from spreading west. He never intended to end it until the civil war happened & an opportunity presented itself both at Antietam & towards the end of the war.
the "get douglassed" brought a tear to my eye
I took a American History course last spring and I also learned that the union wernt the good guys either. Because after the war, most union soldiers went west to slaughter native Americans.
while this IS a large oversimplification and some of the arguments are factually incorrect, this is so FUCKING true
If the state can take away freedoms against slavery, what would stop them from taking your freedoms? Edit: I did not intend to seem pro slavery, I clarified in replies
Let's be honest here, slavery is kinda based
yeah no shit the confederacy was bad, you just got done with your 7th grade history class?
Now I’m not racist         BUT-
I recommend Checkmate, Lincolnites. I love that show,
Dude, this is SO true! I'm gonna post this on Reddit right now, those dirty Republicans aren't gonna know what hit them >:)
I stand by the Confederacy because they're my ancestors and we absolutely had the right to leave the Union. Lincoln refused to negotiate with us out of sheer pride, and his autistic proto-reddit moderator mentality cost 1 million people their lives and left half the country destroyed. And yes it was about slavery
The Confederacy is a good thing. The CIS does its best to stop Republic scum from oppressing them via sheer apathy. Wait I think this is the wrong Confederacy
I still wish the south got seperated so we could make more money shipping foods to the north. And we could have stayed on the gold standard who knows. I like needlessly taxing pepole for physical goods whenever I get the chance I like money. although if slavery wasn’t abolished by the time I was born I would have done something about it.
Indeed
Conservative Republican here that is a big union and Lincoln fan.  The answer is clear: the state's so-called "right" to practice slavery. That was the right they were fighting for. No...if you saw that video "Abraham Lincoln: American Dictator" it was NOT a battle over tariffs.
Don't get me wrong The civil war was about slavery, but some of the unrest was started after Higher tariffs were put in place to help northern industry because "oh no our goods are too expensive to sell now :(" still about slavery but a bit of it was slave owners complaining about industry having better economic potential.
The State’s rights to do….. what?!
I am patriotic at 2 moments, and 2 moments alone. The moment a European “person” talks shit about America, and the moment a traitor talks smack about modern America.
You know, I'm slightly confused, because when the United States was founded was every state was it's own country, until Lincoln wanted to bring those same individual States (countries) under a central authority. You know... a central authority like one they had to fight to gain their independence and freedom from. In short, the one who strays from the original founding of the nation (the Union) are the traitorous ones, not the one's trying to preserve it (the Confederacy). 🤔
worse yet are THOSE PEOPLE who fly the confederate flag where i live ...IN PENNSYLVANIA! A UNION STATE!
Thank you for point this all out in a single video
As a civil war historian. You just quoting a political figure to certify your point makes you just as bad as the people who modify history for their political beliefs. As a historian myself I have to remain neutral on each side of the war, but you sir have failed in doing so this video was very much a miss for me and I find this video to be very misinformed. While you stand on moral high ground there are still 40 million people around the world still in slavery. So don’t be so proud of your soapbox it’s not much to stand on. I do have to say though some of your other work is quite funny have a wonderful day, but next time just get your facts straight or your just a Wojack that points and laughs sir.
As a southerner I as well as most people I know hold no sympathy to the confederacy and know it was a bad thing also isn’t it funny how the one part of the country that tried to break from it became the most patriotic
Loving how many saps are trying to "Defend"  slavery. Same tools who would defend the holocaust.
i fee like it's some strange gift from the gods when Doobus posts
I laughed my ass off at the annoying orange part
Another thing that lasted longer than the Confederacy:  My Depression
you are foolish
i got really physically ill when one of my close coworkers started talking about "states rights" and the civil war. yechhhhh!
Maybe someone can explain how many Union officers owned slaves, or how the Union army rounded up runaway slaves and forced them to fix railway lines. Because if you ask me, that's a strange way to treat someone you're trying to, "emancipate". 🤔
If you are against slavery you should see the Sound of Freedom.
If slavery were not allowed at the birth of our nation, many states would not have joined the union. Not defending slavery by any means, this is a historical fact and history is sometimes uncomfortable and grisly.
We really should just get rid of everything confederate related. Including the Democratic Party that formed the confederacy.
The Oklahoma panhandle exists solely because Texas voluntarily gave up land above a certain latitude in order to keep slavery.
This will only get funnier the longer the annoying orange stays around
If you’re not getting death threats on twitter then you’re not doing twitter right.
Immediately after the north won they sent the Union army west and wiped out the native Americans. There were no good guys in 1800s America.
Here’s a fun fact that flag they use is NOT the actual confederate flag. During the war they went through several drafts, that flag being one. They ended up with a different design in the end. THAT flag came back into the public when desegregation was happening and the KKK got pissy. So you fly that flag, you know exactly why you’re flying it.
Actually states rights where part of the conflict. The nother states where the ones claiming states rights as a reason they didn't have to follow the fugitive slave act so they would not have to return escaped slaves back south
OOOOOOOoooooohhhhh, way down south in the land of traitors~🎵
States rights to succeed from the union. I think it bears mentioning that there was zero attempt to resolve this peacefully. It's not like the method to end slavery without bloodshed didn't exist (Britain did it), but Abraham Lincoln wanted war. The Confederacy wasn't inevitable. The Civil War wasn't inevitable. But our first dictator pushed us into both.
While Slavery was the biggest issue, the real issue was that federal law wasn't being enforced by Northern states. Runaway slaves weren't being returned as Northern states became sanctuary states.
Lincoln didn’t even say he was going to abolish it, only stop it from being in new states
Na but genuinely, what do these people mean by "states rights"
Don't forget that Abraham Lincoln didn't want to get rid of slavery, and the secession started over taxation without representation. Slavery was wrong, but it wasn't about slavery until the southern corporations got involved, at which point it was no longer about taxes, and at which point my support ends.  In short, fuck the government in general.
I'm gonna play devils advocate and explain what the civil war was actually about, it was over states rights to choose whether slavery was legal in their state or not, the reason it was an issue for the southern states is because nowhere in the constitution does it imply that the federal government had the ability to make slavery illegal, so the leaders of those states felt that the federal government was ignoring the tenth amendment to our constitution which states "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." the civil war was not only over slavery but also the government violating the tenth amendment
don't forget the modern day slavery loophole that allows the USA to get convicts to work for free or for way under minimum wage!
god tier video
Wow surprisingly this was controversial even though it's based as fuck
If you really wanna get neoconfederates mad tell them OBAMA is literally TWICE as American as the CSA, 8 years as US president VS CSA 4 years
Common Goobus W.
When Lincoln was elected he wasnt going to abolish slavery, he even specifically said that, he was going to limit it bwcause he thought it would die out naturally, even during the war he didnt plan on doing that until he needed to gain support of the Europeans because many of them seemed to be more in favor of the South due to economic reasons and it looked like they may step in soon.
I abhore traitors but sadly it is their right to be pricks because of that glorious 1st amendment we've got, but then again that same amendment lets us dunk on said traitors with baller animations like this. lol
Based and Shermanpilled
The Douglass Elbow is wild 🤣🤣
Civil war in total was just stupid Congressmen throwing fits and shit
Can you do an episode about the union having Native American slaves as well
Unfathomably based
Also, the flag sucks! Union gang!!!
imagine leaving war monuments around to FUCKING TRAITORS, I LOVE THE USA I LOVE THE USA
cant wait until this video has been out longer than the confederacy
I mean states should be allowed to do whatever they want, that's why abortion is allowed in some states and is not in others, if the US government decided if states should or should not be allowed to have abortions then one half would be pissed
Pure republican untempered unbending narcissism.
the production for the simpsons movie was 3x longer than the confederacy the production for the fucking simpsons movie
I would play the devil's advocate here, but I'd lose in an instant, because slavery has devil's fingerprints all over it.
Common doobus W
MY INCESTORS BUILT THIS COUNTRY HOSS
States rights to do what is my favorite argument question, I love this animation.
“My heritage” what Heritage the confederacy had no culture but owning slaves
I still don't believe the Union can pretend to be the morally superior ones when they just resumed slaughtering all the natives after the Civil War.
Didn't Abraham Lincoln want to round up the former slaves and either ship them back to Africa, or to send them to South America where slavery was STILL legal (in both Africa and South America) at the time where they could have been re-enslaved? On that same note, I wonder how an American forced relocation would work out. Let's ask the Native Americans, they might know.
Frederick Douglas smushing that guy was pretty dope.
Didn't the Native Americans continue to own slaves for 2 years AFTER the American Civil War, because they ignored the Emancipation Proclamation and believed that it didn't apply them? And didn't the Union NOT do anything ABOUT the Native Americans owning slaves for 2 years until being pressured to do so? 🤔
The south was super pissed when a president that wasn’t on their ballots and people down there didn’t know of him was elected. Also Lincoln decided halfway through the way that slavery was bad enough to get rid of
Slavery was terrible. Those vessel-handling fuckwits clearly didn't what they were bringing over.
doobus you really got them riled up it's a damn klan meeting in these comments man 💀
Ad hominem
Hell, even overwatch 1 lasted longer than the confederacy lmao
Ok but can we agree Dixieland is a fuckin banger song
You forgot to mention Lee’s embarrassment and wish to not have monuments and shit
Free labor best labor. Yeeehaww
At least theid anthem is super cool.
L take
As a British man, I find it hilarious how you bloody yanks call the damn Confeds traitors and went to war with them because of their succession. Yes I agree with you, it's really annoying isn't it? It's really a pain in the arse when those damn traitorous, scheming, disloyal rebels under your administrative wing betray you, wage a bloody war where many of your troops are brutally massacred and they attempt to gain "independence". I agree the Confederates never should've attempted to leave the union. A rule for thee but not for me it seems, even if their cause was evil. Damn blue bellies and graybacks, a plague on both your houses.
The confederates where democrats
Murica be like
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
[Goobusing intensifies]
Doobus is invited to the cookout💯💯
I 100% agree with this video, but not with its viewers, they try to jusify the Confederacy being Democrat or that its supporters vote Republican today, you are all being ignorant about the fact that none of your parties are being honest to you, some will say "republicans are literally fascists" or "democrats are communists" this are absolute bullshit takes with no source, they are not idiological, the only thing they do is mantain a monopoly over the countrys politics, treading down on anyone who does actually anything that might hurt them, "ow you exposed the president for illicit trade deals? you Nazi Bigot probably commited crimes!!" , "oh you hate that we took out several important Holocaust books from libraries, you woke liberal!!" Many still blindly support parties and think the opposition are mongrels, those are my 2 cents.
reminder of what party ran the confederacy, what party all its generals were affiliated with and what party those people continued to be a part of after the civil war. hmmmmmmmm
And that's why we celebrate 4th of July, folks!!!🇺🇸
The fact that bfdi lasted longer than the confederacy is hilarious.
Various MMO's (especially the more ancient ones like Final Fantasy 11) lasted longer than the Confederacy.
0:52 The north had slaves
I see they left out how the democrats in the south made the kkk
"Our people do not know how to be happy they are torn apart by opinions, noise, indecision. Strangled by their own freedoms."
I like how they fall back onto “heritage” as if a Southern American heritage can’t be separate from the Confederacy. If you’re from the south and want to honor the culture of the southern United States, thats cool, just don’t act like the Confederacy was a net positive in any way.
You see The confederacy believed slaves should be free instead of free
XD just discovered this guy today....already subbing XD gotta love it when people ask important questions.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 GET ‘EM, DOOBUS! GET ‘EM!!!
Wait. Slavery is evil?
Wrong flag sorta that's the battle flag for the confederacy should of used the Montgomery, Alabama flag in the video no I'm not defending anything just wanted to be educational but 10 out of 10 with this video fucking love when u upload
Why are you making a video calling out 200 year old slavery when there are countries that have higher slave populations than citizens?  If you're going to make fun of slavery maybe put more effort in? I've heard most of these jokes/points on the simpsons.  This topic has been beaten into the ground, but I guess it's like 2% funnier to the masses than joking about the UAE or Qatar.
States right to leave the union, and not paying the north taxes on the cotton exports.
Well some of the Confederates states actually for slavery but the rest of the Confederate states to actually joined them left because of Lincoln also all those Confederate soldiers got pardoned after Lincoln's death by the last president so they're not traders learning your history my friend also they did left the union because it did violate state's rights 10th amendment That's the right but if you attack the south for slavery why you didn't attack the North The North had slaves
This maby my bias as a fin but      The Finnish civil war is or atleast feels to Be Gray but you get to deside your opinion idc just don't start spauting stupidity
Stars n’ Stripes, not stars in stripes
Texas lasted longer an in independent country 💪💪💪💪
Yeah. As a southerner I’ve heard this argument all my life and believed it for a while. But when you look into it you find that the entire idea that it was JUST about “rights” was propagated by slave owners who were trying to justify how they tore apart the country for their profit margins on the plantations. Most of those scripts are post war and the same people who wrote them were all in on the slavery and white supremacy aspect before the union kicked the south’s teeth in. After they lost the war, they scrambled to save face in the new era.
I find it SO FUCKING FUNNY how many people missed the point of this animation; where in like...ok yall who are like "confeds bad yes but it was nuanced dont you know abraham lincoln needed convincing?" THAT DOESNT MATTER. THE POINT IS THAT PEOPLE WHO SAY STUFF LIKE THAT ARE OFTWN FINDING AN EXCUSE TO DOG WHISTLE! THEY ARE FUCKING DISENGENOUS FUCKS   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
The war wasnt about slavery or states rights. That was both sides copium propaganda they invented during the war.  Abrahalm Lincoln proposed the Corwin Amendment 3 months before the Civil War began which would have made Slavery legal as a consititutional amendment. On top of that the last slaves to be freed in America was in New Jersey.  The war though was unfortunately not started to free the slaves but that was what it became for the North as there was a faction of Union soldiers for which that was the purpose. And no The South did not fight to defend states rights vs federal, which even under that charitable lighting the venn diagram of states rifhts and slavery are all but overlapping, and the Wealthy elites of the south were most definitely seceding to preserve Slavery.  The truth is that the civil war was fought for the same reason as the revolutionary war. Economic Dominance. The North wanted a Union with a strong federal government whi h required economic dominance to facilitate it and The South was reliant on Slavery so if they lost it they would be crippled. Still though the South towards the end of the war and already economically crippled was willing to end slavery either as a means of securing Britains military aid or by securing Slaves their freedom if they fought for the confederacy. Whether they would have honored such a deal with the Slaves is left to ones own discernment. I dont think they would have though lol
You know the only reason the north didnt have slaves is that they were a bad investment. The colder climates led to common ailments like pulmonary infections. In the south however the climate had the reverse effect with many owners being outlived by their far better climate adjusted slaves.
Just a reminder, the show "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" lasted longer than the confederacy did.
KILL DOOBUS GOOBUS
We live in a day in age where nazi's can be american as well, so lets be honest people supporting a dead cause that lost to a information leak isnt all that far off.
The south didn't invent slavery, slavery is fucked up as shit and took some people longer then others to figure that one out. At the time the south were extremely reliant on it to run all that farm land. Shit loads of other countries were doing it to it was normal back then. I think a better focus then breaking your dicks jerking off hyperventilating over some shit that happened hundreds of years ago and start looking into what countries are still doing it and don't buy products from them and also spread awareness. Instead of virtue signaling pretending to be activists over something that ended a long time ago. I get it but this is fucking cringe.
Helo? Based department?
The South Will Rise Again! But only after a seventh helping of biscuits and gravy
its really concerning that there are still people who threaten you with death because of a cartoon mocking a dead/non existent country and its defenders.
the south shall rise again like a boner
The irony of the states rights argument is that the confederate states literally specifically cited NORTHERN STATES pushing states rights to disobey the FEDERAL fugitive slave act in an act of nullifying federal law.   They literally seceded because the northern states were expressing states rights to not participate in slavery at all and the south wanted a federal government that would enforce slavery on member states.
The reason why SO many people keep saying that "The confederacy was based on states rights", is because of the Southern Daughters if the Confederacy, they rewrote books, banned some that said slavery was bad, and well changed the basis for southern independence. And weeelll now look at the effects...
And yet, they are remembered. Nobody reminds us of the horrible mistakes or good deeds if there was any at all.  We are throat fucked into believing everything opposite is evil. While I'd like to point out the few true reasons behind that is. I rather get suffocated by a banana four tennis balls large.  "believe as you wish, but do not ever hate. Passing that line is Initiation"
Nah I had no idea that a movement that supported slavery was bad 💀
Remember! The Confederacy was Democrat! ;) The North was Republican. :O
Glad Youtube recommend This To me
If you make this argument without acknowledging heavy segregation in the north you’re just as bad as confederate supporters.
This man should be teaching us Politics
“If you don’t like the federal government then you’re an evil Nazi Confederate Slave Owner”.
Wow, what a brave statement. I’m blown away at how Doobus has come out and said what no one else will. Truly incredible.
Funny enough, the Confederates were run by democrats. Now, who looks like a idiot? Suckers
0:40 lol, Clone High
(Before I start my rant, I want to say first that this video is frickin’ masterpiece. Go Doobus. 👍)  As a person who has lived in SC my whole life, it makes me so angry to see people use the confederate flag as a source of “pride”. The confederacy was NOT something to be proud of. We should see it as history, and remember the mistakes it represents. The fact that this video sparked argument and death threats is also extremely disturbing. At this point, we ALL should know that slavery is bad, INEXCUSABLE even.
I saw a the confederate flag on this guy’s truck at work
The Annoying Orange is my heritage I fly the AO flag on my Ford F150 blasting the Annoying Orange cover of Friday with my hand over my heart
I like how you included actual proof in your description!
Just because the Confederacy was actually Satan does not mean the Union was not Lucifer incarnate.
what if we just nuke the south
naw should've got Sherman too take a walk in Georgia
The best part of the Confederacy’s defeat was the establishment of the supremacy of industrial capitalism over slavery as the most effective economic system. It’s clear why traitors would prefer people with no property working for free in jobs designated by an overbearing state.
As a Texan I support this
I like this grey dude, y u bully him
The confederacy is one of the biggest and most atrocious L’s ever.
'The States rights to do what?' *Leave. Peacefully.* Want more?  How about the right nnnot to have habeus corpus unilaterally suspended without consent of Congress?  How about the right not to have judges jailed for issuing opinions and injunctions? How about  the right not to have the entire telegraph service monitored? Thousands of people arrested and captured without trial?  The right not to subsidize two companies with federal tax dollars to build a railroad on land *owned* by the President and Thaddeus Stevens?  The right not to have total war waged on your State's civilians? To not have your harbors indiscriminately bombarded? To have whole cities razed to the ground?  And the right to elect a President who can read,  " That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do.";  and actually understand what "free and independent" means.    The same President, btw, who endorsed the Corwin Amendment in his First Inaugural Address, an Amendment stumped for by his Party, for which Lysander Spooner, a staunch abolitionist and friend of both Lincoln and Seward blowtorched them in the press. This would be the same Republican Party that, in July 22nd 1861, weeks after Bull Run, drafted and passed a federal Resolution explicitly stating their invasion was no to interfere with slavery but to assert the civically apocryphal supremacy of the united States' provisional government. In a federation defined, in the Constiution for the United States 7th Article, as "between the States so Ratifying the same", not the States and the District of Columbia.
It wasn't about slavery though. It was about their land being invaded and they had to defend themselves. Slavery was a part of it, yes, but a much smaller part compared to "You're now invading my homeland"   People need to actually do the research before just making stupid shit like this. Because while it's funny, it's also entirely inaccurate.
yet we support abortion even though it was made by racist people trying to stop black babies from being born
"A nation SO F*CKING WEAK, the Annoying Orange outlived it." That had me dying 🤣🤣🤣
A Confederate Historian commentary getting obliterated by *"ACTUAL COLD HARD FACTS IN LESS THAN A MINUTE"* 😂😂😂
half life 2 took 50% longer to develop than the confederacy lasted lol
Probably should've made this comment earlier, but I'm happy this was uploaded on my birthday!  Thank you Doobus for such a great birthday gift.  Even if I am Southern born and bred, I ain't no traitor.
YOU GUYS NEED TO READ THE CAPTIONS FOR THIS! theyre so fuckin funny- please
This comment section needs two things, one a quick look at Atun-Shei Films wonderful videos on the Civil War and to keep in mind the thought process of the 19th century. While not directly an abolitionist Lincoln did make many attempts to alleviate the issue on slavery and despite what people use as “evidence” in regard to his public addresses Lincoln’s personal writings from his journals as well as his wives highlight he did understand the plight and went up against a government who even if they didn’t want to preserve slavery they did want to maintain the racial status quo. The south marched against the north months before Lincoln’s inauguration and utilized Habeas Corpus to its most fair degree. Not to mentioned first only suspended Habeas Corpus along railways to keep them protected while being built and only suspended it on the entire country after gaining congressional approval.
THE SOUTH SHALLLLL RIIIIISSSSSEEEE
I always watch your videos with subtitles and this video is a perfect example of why
This episode of Doobus Goobus is called: History
Gettem Douglas. Get this man a plate 👏🏿
Statistically whites gained minimal advantage keeping slaves. So supporting the CES because of the "Southern way of life" doesn't even make sense. The CES existed to preserve a dying regime of bourgeois plantation aristocracy, not to defend human rights.
*man looks at mustache sadly*
But look on the bright side of things if you own a slave you don't have to wipe your ass by yourself
That was fucking beautiful.
Interesting historical fact: Abraham Lincoln originally wasn’t going to abolish slavery, merely stop its spread. He was trying to reason with the confederacy that he would let them keep their slaves, until 1863 when Fredrick Douglas convinced him that freeing slaves would be a better and more righteous alternative. It’s a pretty nuanced topic that forces you to look through the eyes of an 1860’s American to rely understanding the reasoning, but it’s an important distinction to make. I know Doobus made a joke about how everything isn’t always morally gray, pointing to slavery as a notable example, but this topic is an example of things not being totally black or white.
Do me a solid, friend. Read up on the right of secession and Lincoln's hand in it. And while you are at it, do look up Linkoln's opinions on slavery BEFORE he needed the support of Europe.  Hell, why opinions, do ACTUALLY READ the Emancipation Proclamation, which... wait for it... Did not free a SINGLE slave. 0. Why? I'd encourage you to read it, but know full well that you won't, so here: It only applied to the south, which, at that time, Lincoln did not control. You know what it "curiously" did not apply to? The north. BETTER YET, it specifically STATED that the north states that already held slaves, got to KEEP them. READ. IT. Stop gobbling whatever lefunny internet-men make animations about if you really care about these issues. READ on them. West Virginia was admitted into the Union as a SLAVE STATE for goodness' sake.  "We show our sympathy with slavery by emancipating slaves where we cannot reach them and holding them in bondage where we can set them free." - William H. Seward, Lincoln's Secretary of State in a letter.  But why the SoS, mayhaps you want to hear it straight from the horse's mouth?  "And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any of her man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the race that I belong to." - Abraham Lincoln. Senatorial Debate Ottawa, IL 1858.  Do feel free to look up the entirety of the quote if you think it is lacking in context.  Or how about the no small fact that in the month following the useless proclamation, 200k northern troops just straight up resigned and/or deserted, going as far as to call the EP - an ''N-word' Proclamation'. But My college professor told me the north was fighting to free the slaves!!  But why just regular men? Read on the oh so 'hilarious misadventures' of Ulysses S. Grant himself - Lincoln's general. You will no doubt find the man a saint whose only wish was to free the slaves!  I just love how everyone and their mother does these "gotcha" videos to appear morally right without spending a day to educate themselves in the actual subject, thus perpetuating false harmful narratives. I can go on like this for a LONG while, and frankly, the fact that none of this is common knowledge while being openly available in the official sources is depressing, to say the least.  If you take anything from this rant, let it be this: Question every narrative you hear perpetuated if YOU DO CARE about the subject like you say you do. Read the sources, not some blogger's opinion piece in a magazine, the actual source. I know the language there can be difficult and it is nowhere as short and sweet as when journalists just write "these guys are evil, while these are good and righteous!" to let you know how to feel. I really hope I was able to help at least a couple of you see through the biases that were forced on you. If not, I hope one day you will.  Godspeed.
No people use the confederate flag for there ancestors it’s not bc they liked what they were fighting for
I can’t help but see Lois say “9/11…. was bad” in my head
What about the states the didn't join the confederacy till after the federal government levied militia to put down the rebellion? Or the slave states that stayed part of the union, in which slaves weren't freed till well after the war?
The confederacy was actually GOOD, so you might want to delete this video.
Might wanna be careful with a title as controversial as “the confederacy was bad” might get some southern fans panties in a twist haha. great video as always love your stuff!
Wow. Only 5 years and people are still proud of the Confederate? 5 years is literally nothing in history.
I would say state's rights to secced from the union but i cant spell that right so ill just take that L     yeah the confederacy sucked lol
Isn't it funny how 'centrists' always make something so painfully transparent sound like its controversial, and just a couple searches later, you realize that centrist either a gullible idiot or a a sock-account for a neo-nazi. (usually both)  Funny how that works.
I leave u alone for a few months and you hit me with fire 🔥
I've been asking state rights to what? For years thanks for saying something 😂
nice video.....
Haha, yeah that's true  Quick question; *which of rhe two political parties do you support in the USA?*
“The Civil War ain’tn’t happened!”  Right, because you were there, huh, Cledus?
the civil war was fought over whether federal law should supersede state law.  the confederacy took the stance that the states should be able to make their own laws without federal interference. the north wanted all states to make federal law above state law.  you are welcome.  the war was about how laws should work on a federal level, and a lot of states refused to accept being told how to legislate their homes by people who live elsewhere. this was about law making not slavery, and what do you know, states now have the right, they can legislate and enact new laws or abolish old ones, even if those laws are not federal, this is why some states allow marijuana and other do not, even though it is federally illegal. that is what the south fought for.
Fun fact: my freshman year of high school, one of my classmates got beat up by a black senior because the stupid motherfucker showed him his phone background, which was the goddamn confederate flag.
All I’m worried about is the fact that he played that Banger at the end of the video bro that went hard on God
The states rights to not be governed by laws of other states... so like Californians not being allowed to be prosecuted for murder by texas, for having a abortion in california. ALSO there was that thing that the federal government was pushing to tax southern non slave owners to pay slave owners to release their slaves. So the fact of the matter is 1-2% of the us population was enslaved(on a natural decline due to the effects of industrialization), so the northern union instead indefinitely enslaved 99% of the current and future population via a federal tax where to this day nearly every American citizen is forced under threat of violence to submit 10-37% of the product of their labor to a federal body of which they have no meaningful representation within. Money which is funneled into for-profit wars which have lead to the enslavement and deaths of 100s of times more people than those who were legally owned as slaves in the usa, and the american companies which profit from said american established third world slave trades.  But the first and last issue remains states rights... sovereignty was the foundation of what was promised to the of the SELECTIVE union members. Yet when the south peacefully seceded  the north declared war on them, murdering as many men women and children as was necessary to force them to submit. Soooo basically the north was Putin and the south was Ukraine... Just without a external nation (america) fueling the conflict with the product of its slave citizens for the personal profit of the elites. IE both parties with their share of evils, but with one clear aggressor.  But I'm sure the victor will tell you how selfish and evil their motives were, no leaders in history would frame conquest and subjugation as ~for the better good~ or anything like that.
but ''both sides are bad'' sakfljdajfsf
Now we need to do this to the liberals, democrats, and lgbq- community until we get some real answers on why they shouldn't exist or stop existing for everyones sake. (Can't wait to see the comments.) (The shear stupidity of the comments so far is great. People can't even understand their own native language.)
History? Yea, history of taking a fat fucking L
never forget  slavery is still up today... and USA is a big market from the products is produces...
As a Texan I agree, the confederacy was bad, but the soldiers and generals of it were not necessarily. The war was still a tragedy, all those men with families, wives, children, and loved ones, fighting and killing their brothers for what they thought was a good cause and a grand ideal. I think the depiction in Free State of Jones of battle greatly conveys the real tragedy that was the civil war, for every soldier involved on both sides.
TBF, the heritage extended back to the British Colonies.
You do realize that the north had more slaves than the south period the first slave owner in American history was black no one seems to talk about these things so for those of you that choose not to care enough to get any actual info on it lemme indulge you for a moment as I explain that the whole states rights thing did have a lot to do with the right to keep and own slaves however it's very important that you realize that for one slavery was already on the way out as we became more technology advanced with inventions specifically made to do the work not other people and two is the fact that the northern states only supported not wanting slaves anymore wholly because they didn't need them to make their money at this point industrialism was already a thing taking America by storm that's the fact that drove people to take arms against one another the north wanted to tell the south that they were fixing to loose how they make most of their income while the north themselves would've been fine I'm sure if something similar were to happen now people would be pissed and divided I mean look at our country over the alphabet community it's literally the same thing oh yea and another thing is that Lincoln was only trying to free the slaves so he could have them all shipped off back to Africa also while the slave trade was still prioritized in the world in its entirety America only ever had 6% of the people taken from Africa people given away by their own people mind you which is something that happened as recently as the 80s and probably still happening anyway the fact that so many people can be brainwashed into thinking that the confederacy was nothing more than some funny talking racist bastards is just utterly wrong and extremely offensive to people like me who has known nothing but southern living my whole life but lemme tell you one thing I feel sympathy for ignorance all it is is a chance to learn so it's encouraging at least but as they say history is written by the Victor and we all know who won the Civil War so we know we're the lies are coming from honestly look around you pull the veil from your eyes and see the truth it's not harmful and won't kill you but you'll walk away with a new found respect and the knowledge knowing is immeasurable have a nice day
Might need a new Confederacy, given how the gov't is supporting child sex surgery and flying an ideological flag in foreign embassies and the White House.
GET DOUGLAS'D
🗣️ brandishing the confederate flag is treason
So if you go looking for Tom and jerry theatricals there is a cartoon called Droopy but in this case it’s Blackboard Jumble essentially Droopy is teaching these kids because they drove their teacher insane, so the teacher hands droopy the teachers cap  and goes running off laughing like a madman,ahem anyways Droopy then asks the kids to draw the confederate flag yes this is real
There's a reason people left this alone for a long time. Some yuppie with half baked idea of the past. They voted and left because they were going to be taxed further than they wanted to. The confederate lasted 5 years but shed blood of many. Its why sitting around calling them traitors and losers was frowned upon.
Every time I have to talk to a conservative who seriously says states rights as the primary reason for the Civil War that is also my immediate response, “the right to do WHAT?”
Wait, slavery is bad now?
Don't hate me but, you have to admit the Confederate flag was kinda cool looking, I am not saying what it stood for was good just saying the flag is cool looking
The confederacy helped the native americans and oppressed black people while the union helped black people while oppressing native Americans, so it was a lose-lose situation overall.
Confederate flag memorabilia and statues should still not be torn down. We still have to remember our history especially the bad parts. And also Free Speech because that's what the union stand for. You know the union that fought to demolish slavery and Free Speech apply to even hate speech  Edit.  I know that is a very hard sell. It is very very difficult to get over the emotional needs up to something that's very very charged. And for good reason. But that's the thing you have to defend the beach of the bastard or else the free speech of good people is at risk
That flag isn't even the flag of the Confederacy. And honestly they should be able to fly it because it gives us an idea of what the hell is going on in their heads. And also it was adopted by a bunch of disaffected soldier that came out of Vietnam and then made biker gangs. Believe it or not it still is a part of our heritage it's just a really really bad part of our heritage
”In war nobody is the bad guy”  Yeah right
The idea of states rights would be valid in any other context. Saying it with the state's right to avoid high taxes is just guilt. I mean it's fine to be guilty and not want to acknowledge something terrible. But you gotta. North wasn't any better but it was the states rights to protect slavery
I think my favorite anwser I have to confederates is "if you are such a patriotic confederate that's fine with me but when are you leaving the union."  Becuase almost all of them forget that was part of the movement too.
A lot of it really is gray. But come on it was the states rights to try and protect slavery. They thought different in those times and we also can say now that they were wrong if we judge the past by the morals of today. Even the morals of the time set slavery was wrong.  It's too bad Lincoln was assassinated because he was going to do the Reconstruction better I think.
As a Tennessee boy with roots in Alabama who has to see a Confederate flag hung up at at least one booth at any flea market I visit, thank you.
You know what else is a failure? Giving the government too much power to the point it takes away firearms and installs permanent chaos to control the people better.
Based Doobus I’m so proud
Abraham Lincoln didn't want to abolish slavery he wanted to end westward expansion
no hat guy was right about fighting for States rights
State rights are important so that the federal government doesn't grow too large. But in the context of the Civil War the people defending states rights are just defending moral wrongs
HOO-AH
"States rights". States rights to leave the union, ya doofus.
The only thing Sherman did wrong, was that he didn't turn around and march to the other side.
His threatening demeanor screams "try this on me irl and i will end you" and i love it
The annoying oranges rights to do what?
My neighbor has a confederacy flag
‘A country so weak the Annoying Orange out lived it.’ Damn
Y'know it's funny, this exact argument can be applied to abortion. "It's about women's rights!" "A woman's right to what?"
As someone who lives in Tennessee I’m saving this video to my camera roll and showing it to anyone with one of those “iF tHiS fLaG oFfeNdS yOu lEaRn HisToRY” with a fucking confederate Flag on it
Fun fact, Lincoln didn't even appear on the voting ballots in 10 of the Southern states. They had no intention of ever hearing him out when he became president, no matter what he would have said.
Was that the one dude from clone high
“Hey I want a divorce.” “A divorce to do what exactly?!”
Remember when Lincoln signed the final EP that grants any confederate slave that isn't in a union controlled area to be free only to keep his own personal slaves until 1864?
among the good points, this is probably the most American thing I've watched on this channel
I don't know much about American's history. What was the Confederacy? (sorry, i'm french😅)
Fun fact: the only reason we hear so much of the confederacy today is because we didn’t kill enough of the confederate officers after the war. We left them alone and they went into power. It’s fucked.
The list of states rights the confederacy fought for:  -The right to own Slaves  That’s it, their government was pretty much the EXACT same as the Union except for the culture was more dependent on Slavery.  If you look at the pre-war civil war era, it’s pretty much alllllllll about the South threatening to succeed over the Union over the issue of, oh what do you know, SLAVERY. I could go on and on, but the point is that this war was 100% about slavery, maybe in the beginning it was about the right to own slaves, but by the passing of the Emancipation Proclamation (which actually didn’t do crap by the way) it was about the general idea of slavery.
This video is very nice
Trans rights to do what?
GET DOUGLASS'D
Its that simple really.
So fun fact: that flag wasn’t the confederate flag - it’s a battle flag - interesting
I live in PA and I see confederate flags everywhere, I’ve seen it so much in my hometown that before I knew what it was I just assumed it was an alternate patriotic flag (like the round semicircle flag things). It makes no sense to me. Pennsylvania was never even _in_ the confederacy, and you’ve lived here your entire life, what are you even _doing?_ And not to mention the shirts I’ve seen with the confederate flag that say “If this flag offends you, time for a history lesson” dude, history _really_ isn’t helping your case here.
What if your Canadian?
Sorting the comments by "Newest first" was a mistake
You wanna know something funny? I'm from Chile, South America. Many right wingers here use the confederate flag as a symbol of patriotism (+ the no steppy snek 🐍)
Slavery is not evil, it was the north and made it evil. The people who made people feel like they were always oppressed, the very same people who still makes people feel oppressed even though suppose it's slavery is ended😂 Where's reparations for the Israelites from the Egyptians for when they were enslaved to build a pyramids? I don't think so. The representation of slavery was actually to pay off debt, historically, they were a lot more white slaves and they were black slaves. And when you look at the actual thing of slavery in itself, it was nowhere near as bad as people claimed it to be. It's only in a few instances that was slandered like from the media like things are today that it was horrible. It was not. If you look at the context of slavery, the typical slave owner let their slaves go after 5 years. And it was considered as indentured servant somebody who had to pay off their debt in order to be free. And a lot of people who were enslaved chose not to because they felt at home. They felt like they had value. Nowadays, everybody is slaves to the government and a tiny screens that they claim is freedom is considered chains. We're worse now than we were almost 200 years ago
oh no confederacy was bad the only grey in that war was those who fought it cuz some had reasons and things to fight for but the actual powers that be are pretty black and white Edit: Also as a full red blooded American let me say FUCK THEM TRAITOR BOYZ SCORE BOARDDDDDDDD
Union Lads assemble!
Damn, Looks like Doobus has come out as a unionist (Cahmunist). What a radical position to take!
God, I hate democrats as much as the next guy, but no research went into this video.
>"states rights to what"  >Plays union Dixie >It lasted five years Based as fuck
May I present the failure of reconstruction. I have a deep animosity towards people like this because I realized it probably would have been best to collect every one of those confederate politicians and governers and try them for treason. They made their point clear and the fact we let them off easy was a mistake. It allowed the old souther plantation aristocracy to survive just long enough to for the next generation of racist idiots.
Halo Master Chief Collection has lasted longer than the confederacy
Fortnite lasted longer than the confederacy
As a northern Republican, I love this video. Fuck them traitors.
soy
Dude just said the annoying orange lasted longer damn
The civil war was about private property rights.
LOL I just walked by a house today that had so much right side shit on it I have expected to see A bring back slavery sign.
Funny how slavery wasn't even a discussed topic in the civil war until 2 years after the war started.   Really shows a dumb fuck youtuber when they say that was the only thing the war was about.
States' rights to govern themselves.  That's literally the only justification they need.
ahh, yes the upper and owning class stands for slavery. The everyman was sold the omissive lie that it was only for sates rights and small government. Just because they aren't entirely correct doesn't mean they're wrong.
UNION DIXIE AT THE END ROO RAHHHH 🦅🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
John Brown will kept march on.
States rights to do what 👁👄👁
as much as I agree with you, Abraham Lincoln didnt want to abolish slavery because he fear the southern states reaction to it the same way your founding father also never wanted to abolish slavery because of the same reason. History may have forced Lincoln's hand, but his priority during the civil war is not about abolishing slavery, but about preservation of the Union. Most see the issues of slavery in economic lense, not a moral one.
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S LASTED LONGER THAN THE AMERICAN CONFEDERACY
Pro tip: If pro-slavery is involved AT ALL in anything, even if it involves states' rights, your argument is automatically invalid.
God bless this country and fuck the confederacy 💪🤘🫡🇺🇸🦅
Preface: slavery bad. If I may, there is almost always more nuance to complex social matters, such as those described in this video. It is an objective fact that the reason the confederate "government" ceceded and decided to go to war was because of slavery, but I think an important piece of information is that slaves weren't very cheap, only those with a good amount of money owned slaves. Much like many wars/militaries throughout history, the people with lots of money typically aren't the ones dying on a battlefield. Of course I wasn't there, but I think its safe to say that there simply had to be other motivs for poor southerners to fight in the war. The reason a government declares war is not always the same reason the public thinks that it is worth fighting.
The Irish war for independence was justified these idiots praising slavers no
If you support slavery I literally do not care about anything else, slavery is the most evil thing you can do.
As interesting the discussion is, yes, slavery is the core defining element of this story. Love the vid.
Gay and naive
On one hand, as a European (not saying which country, let's say "Central Europe"), I am honestly shocked that the Confederacy gets whitewashed, because to an outside observer they look, like, cartoonishly villainous in hindsight.  On the other hand, I _did_ see how my own nation/gov't reacts to a suggestion that mayyyybe some of the people we commemorate shouldn't be commemorated because they were bastards. I guess it's human nature to pretend "your" terrorists are actually freedom fighters.
I would figure since the founders of the CSA literally said they were seceding over slavery this wouldn't really be an argument. But people are very desperate to cope
Uncle Sam spanked the sh*t out of his red headed stepchild
aside from the objective truth that slavery is fucking cool, the only reasons i like the confederacy are that they had cool uniforms and their flag was cool
You gringos are crazy lol
Denizens of the former Confederate states when others talk about the civil war react the same way as the Japanese when others talk about what the Japanese did to the Chinese.
Yeah the Confederate did it for states right to have slavery but that for them was just normal for them and dont say you would not do the same if you were born in the south at that time
"States rights to what?" "Property"
o7
0:36 ITS ON MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY WHAT-
the confederacy believed each state should basically be its own independent government, loosely tied to the overall country as a whole. it was to the point where different states in the confederacy had their own currencies and border patrols. that's what "states rights" means but it seems nobody on either side of the argument cared to figure out what it meant. I don't support the confederacy or the union because they were both pretty shitty. the union promised that if any escaped slaves fought for them then they would be paid for their efforts and given land in order to start their new lives. often times they weren't given the land and sometimes not even paid. if they did get their promised reward however it was more often than not that they were given small patches of swampland, desert, or anywhere else no one wanted. while white soldiers were given larger plots of far more desirable land. the confederacy was despicable but ultimately most soldiers that fought on both sides didn't even know what they were fighting for, hell, most of them were probably just kids fighting for their home.
State’s right to own farm equipment
It's incredible that so many people are actually trying to defend the confederacy even when they were trying to own people. Next thing you know they're gonna say Crypto is a legitimate form of currency.
The cornerstone speech alone condemns the CSA let alone the tonnes of other letters, secession documents, diaries, speeches etc that outwardly support slavery.   Imagine being so desperate for a culture you support owning slaves, pathetic.
Love the vid 👍 hope u doin good brotha
Now as republicans lets end the sin of abortion as we did with slavery god bless America 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Me after hearing Doobus call out idiots: My pronouns are U/S/A RAAAAAAAH 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
As some one from the south i like keeping my flag because some of my ancestors died under the confederation
My great great grandfather fought for the union. The Confederate they just fought for what was nomal for them that's what's happening with abortion people don't find it as evil now but deep down people know it is evil to kill a unborn baby we must end the killing of unborn baby's my union great grandfather would be proud of me and I'm proud of him
The only people who still defend slavery in 2023 are  uneducated social outcast who are the result of unmonitored internet access
The abomination that was Heinz Funky Purple EZ Squeeze Ketchup lasted longer than the confederacy.
“Nuh-uh”
It was about States right? Let's take away legal weed and see how much you want to defend states Rights then
I fully agree that the Confederates are nothing more then evil backstabbers to the United States of America. It's also my state rights to kick your grey ass.
I love how slowly and steadily Doobus becomes unhinged each time he repeats himself 😂
Careful man, you're on the right side of history but with the amount of anxiety you suffer from I don't know if you're ready for the sudden hatred you're going to receive online.  You won't just be attacked because of the Confederate thing, but also for every little thing you say now.   Any time you post something slightly controversial, people you pissed off today will be like "ha! see this guy is an idîot!"  That's how this always goes down.
Based
Saying that fighting for state's rights is just in order to enslave people is like saying trans women want bathroom rights just so they can rape women.  There, I said it.
Glorious.
W post
If you fly the confederate flag you are the most unpatriotic American
nothing really changed  former slaves still worked like slaves, but worked freely
As a black girl native Cherokee tribe Thank you so much for putting this out there I really appreciate it But my question is when they say  we not equal how ain't we are all human ? That's my question
Confeditards are dumb, but Abe was also a racist and wanted to keep the institution of slavery alive until it was completely necessary abolish Edit: confeditards and autocorrect do not get along
Everybody knows what a horse is, pedophile
Yankees be like:   "It took us 4 years to defeat an outnumbered, starving, poorly equipped, and shoeless army"   Weird flex but ok
Hell yeah, brother.
The wait for Silksong is about to outlive the confederacy
Human rights > state's rights. Liberty is non-negotiable.
we take a moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into these videos for us
Got my fuk'n sub, we'll go down to Dixie together.
Actually, there were numerous causes. Aside from the obvious schism between abolitionists and anti-abolitionists, economic factors, both domestic and international, played a significant role in reasons to start american civil war.
Confederate smosh will hear about this
I normally think being all patriotic and "Fuck yeah Murrica" unironically is pretty stupid, but there are two types of people with whom i will happily bust out the ol' red white and blue mode when dealing with:  Confederacy apologists  And the British.
Correction: Is Seditionists and traightors are pretty bad
With my folks hailing from both the north and the south, I grew up with the lost cause getting drilled into my skull. Now as a thinking, rational adult, I blast union dixie out of my car, the windows down with pride, and spend afternoons sitting on the porch playing and singing union marching songs with my banjo :)  If the traitors don't like it, they can suck an egg; my home state has won more wars than your 'country'   And if that comment didn't drive away any folks looking to learn a thing or two and test their convictions, try giving "checkmate linconites" a watch on youtube, its a wonderful deconstruction of the confederate mythos
Succeed should be secede. The Confederacy seceded, but definitely didn’t succeed at it.
Away down south in the land of traitors rattle snakes and alligators
One of the most based videos
The Confederacy might have had some good points, but when one of your main concerns is being able to own another person, kinda invalidates the other reasons
So while yous bitching about this, goobus, lets actually solve modern day slavery. Kids being trafficked for sex.
Now I definitely believe that the Confederacy was wrong in wanting to keep slavery, I do not think it is right to tear down memorials for Confederate Generals. Especially memorials for Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson (I don’t actually know if Jackson has a memorial or not I’m just using him as an example)
the civil war was quite literally BLACK and WHITE
Mr. DNA is a secessionist?!
Thing is that Lincoln was not planning on abolishing slavery. He just happened to get elected President right around the time that the tension between the North and South peaked and South Carolina did what they wanted because South Carolina doesn’t care about what others say.
Angron: States rights to what? Go on….. say it. (Revs chainaxes) SAY IT….
It could be said that the union fought for "states' rights" too, namely the right to outlaw slavery, which the confederacy wanted to ban all southern states from doing with their modified constitution. Food for thought.
This is PERFECT for the 4th of July. Thanks Doobus.
“Jarvis, I need some internet points”
This is the America I want represented. Good job Doobus. Doobis is a true patriot of this country.   - A random black guy YouTuber
AS A FUN FACT!  Karl Popper, who in 1945 coined the paradox of tolerance ("tolerating intolerance only breed intolerance") wrote in The Open Society And It's Enemies that we should treat "incitement to intolerance as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal."  I'm a little sad we never codified "incitement to the revival of the slave trade" as an actual crime. It's technically not illegal, but by all means it absolutely should be. Just as your freedom of speech is limited in that you can't yell "Fire" in a crowded theater, or to seriously threaten to kill the president, or to convince someone to commit suicide... (There are actually quite a few limits on freedom of speech in the US. You do not have the right to do all of the above, and more) it should be illegal to say that slavery is something we should bring back. I, for one, would not be opposed to it. It should be criminal to say that you believe there are people on this earth who do not deserve rights, are lesser than someone else, and should serve others as their only useful purpose. To say something so extremely abhorrent about another human person is absolutely unwelcome in any country that wants to dare call itself "first world".
Technically it was not even about slavery, but how legal slavery was. Since it was not legal in federal level if a slave was able to cross state lines he was legally free
i support state right to decide our states future because DC has people from every state   Floridian has nothing income with a ohioan   while i unionist because AMERICA and slavery would also enslave me as puerto rican
This video got me hooked on the Union Dixie song.
its the right to uphold the state constitution and laws above and or equal to the federal. whether its instituting slavery back then or protecting modern day asylum's seekers & minorities (like in California). states rights make it happen. the main point is self governance before federal dominance.
Amogus
Fun fact 😁
The fact that there are actual slavery defenders bullying Doobus on Twitter is simultaneously funny and really  sad
Atun-Shei Films moment
"By the way could you asnwer my question you f*****g traitor states rights' to do what?" 😂😂😂
Im racist
Union Gang Approved
I think the states rights thing was always a gimmick for a bunch rich racist jerks to get millions of poor men to die in battle for them
Frederick Douglass elbow drop appreciation.
What a neurotic freak, who cares about the morality of something that happened 200 years ago. Read Nietzsche. Also, American slavery was a historically progressive force, read Marx.
I love this video~ Thank you so much!
Lincoln, at the start, was never gunna abolish slavery he intended to keep it.
This popped onto my page the perfect time. I could feel an anxiety attack coming on from the fact I still do not have a job after applying to over fifty in the past two months and only getting two interviews from it. My parents both think it’s somehow my fault, that I didn’t try everything. I made an account at a day laborer place yesterday and I’m hoping to get a call tomorrow. I’ve been working, in 100° Florida weather, in an old school bus modified for storage, that is full of palmetto bugs and likely snakes, for $100. I took a truckload of boxes of clothes and crap to goodwill for $20. My truck is an old piece of junk with a barely functioning AC.
Unfathomably based
i dont even disagree with you, its just so fcking aggressively reddit lib that i must dislike
I find it hilarious that goobus can look so funny yet when hes making a stand he can be pretty terrifying.
Essentially Democrats trying to sound cool despite all the records showing that are far from the idea of helping the American people
"Well it's our heritage-" What heritage, your heritage didn't exist long enough to go to elementary school, there is no heritage. No new traditions, no new culture, the Confederacy came into existence, fought a war, lost, and was promptly returned to being part of the United States again. There is no heritage, if anyone tries to use that argument they have less than zero idea what they're even talking about.  That particular snippet really struck me as a "People definitely unironically try to use this as an actual argument to say the Confederacy had good parts to it" and I just had to get that out
Extremely based
Alright, time to start a comment war.  Slavery is indeed evil. That also includes Biblical slavery. Not indentured servitude, but actual slavery. Lev 25:46.
The struggle of wanting to read whatever joke's buried in the subs, and watching doobus in full splendor
All Organic Confederate-based Sherman-Brand fertilizer. 🫶🏼
If it makes you feel better, the next confederacy will be populated entirely by debt slaves.
The south shall rise again~
It looks like a racist captain k’nuckles from flapjack with a mustache
I LOVE (UNION) DIXIE
Had a teacher in high school who insisted that every war in history was fought over land and that the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery. Dude was also a very angry and racist asshole so even as a teenager I knew better than to take his ramblings seriously 😂
The fact that this even NEEDS to be debated is really telling, great work Doobie Goobie
W doobus
Phineas and Ferb lasted longer than the Confederacy. I for one say we replace all statues with Perry the Platypus
Love the unions version of Dixie good choice
I’d rather the confederacy at this point. There’s not much to be proud of anymore and slavery seems small compared to some of the things we’ve done in the modern era.
Import taxes/export tariffs
The south used the federal government to infringe upon northern states rights to protect and expand slavery.
Fun fact: Lincoln didn’t want to abolish slavery originally, just wanted to stop the spread. Obviously, the plan was to eventually end slavery, but primarily to open up jobs farming cotton for white workers rather than enslaved people. Lincoln’s motivations changed upon getting up close and personal with slavery throughout the war. Another, less fun fact: the emancipation proclamation did nothing, and was primarily to get Britain to stop helping the South by changing public outlook on the war in non-American countries, which is where the South had more pull and managed to convince the countries that the war was about state rights.
And these right wing fascists are at it again, they need to be put back in their place
OK, I hear you confederacy... counterpoint!... you're all traitors Oh so that justifies you oppressing us? In every conceivable way
Yeah, AND THE CONFEDERACY WAS RAN BY DEMOCRA- (thegoldavenger.3829 holds a gun to my neck): “The parties switched, you got that? Republicans would support slavery nowadays. Remember that so I don’t have to *teach you a lesson.* “
Tennessean here East Tennessee was vehemently against succession
Wait ppl are really defending the confederacy? Bruh the whole point of the confederacy was to figuratively and literally defend slavery tf u mean states rights?
Please never ake anything like this ever.
INCOMPREHENSIBLY BASED
Also, comparing the age, let’s remember you’re making a video about a country that lasted for 4 years but the memory and people who still support it 150+ years later, aka me, tell me if annoying orange will be remembered in 150 to 200 years. Like a lot of animation and shitty internet material it will be forgotten, like you. :)
The question never got answered, states rights to do what?
Yeah I don’t care, long love the confederacy, and the battle flag of Virginia.
What is the song called at the end of the video called?
As a Texan I take a great liking to this video
It was even stupider than most people think, Lincoln didn't say he wanted to abolish slavery during his campaign, he only wanted to stop newly founded states from having slavery
New sub good shit 😂
Confederate midget:i say…I say…fuck
Don’t forget the majority of supporters of the confederacy belonged to the Democratic Party.
We're fighting this oppressive Federal government, because we want to be state governments that oppress its own people. Fucking genius mental gymnastics.
I am a from Mississippi and I felt that a bit. You cut me man you cut me real deep. Still love your show but yah slavery was terrible
States' rights to do what?
“Get Douglass’d”, go ahead, try and stop me from stealing it
You my friend earned a sub
Well Slavery is never good nor for the rights for so, well said and played my dude with the Annoying orange XD
Even ignoring the slavery part, the confederates broke away because they didnt like the results of a democratic election.
Let em celebrate it. We need people to laugh at.
conservatives bounce between the confederacy being alright and the confederacy being bad whenever they're defending it for "muh heritage" or condemning it because "acksherally the evil evil confederacy was run by democrats" (despite the fact that it's definitely not democrats today who are putting confederate flags up on their trucks)
My will to live lasted longer
jokes on you the Annoying Orange will outlive us all fear the citrus that can rival eben the lemon demon.
I had to slow this down to 0.25x to read the cc
Slavery is bad, therefore the Confederacy was bad. Pretty simple
I now want to replace all confederate statues with those of Annoying Orange to celebrate our true heritage
what drives this point even more home is fact that confederates soldiers were openly racist its even mentioned in there  diaries
But not gonna lie, that flag is bitching and the accent. Otherwise fuck it
As with any controversial topic, the Confederacy met with lazy one-liners which try to dumb down half of the country as stupid immoral racists. As with anything the issue was much more complex than this. For example post-war States no longer had the right to cause tarriffs or taxes for out-of-state imported goods. Nowawdays they just outright ban certain goods (like marijuana).   But yeah, there's few (but some) reasons other than Slavery involved.
Take that L bro 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Hell yeah brother
Too politic eww
Never thought a creator who I deeply respected would go woke. I lost my respect for you, pal. You will not be receiving views from me anymore.
the only thing the confederacy had going for them was a really kicksss flag
?  Pretty sure its already been explained what states rights meant. The entire war was over wether states had the rights to scede. Hence the reason that was the soul subject of ever official and unofficial document that we have.  I dont support the confederacy. But the conflation between “states rights” and the few people in the confederacy that wanted to uphold slavery seems kinda strange.
The Civil War was Brother against Brother. It is not American to hate Confederates. Memorial Day was created to honor those sacrificed on both sides. The Union considers them Americans.
Fun fact: That's not actually the true Confederate flag. That's the battle flag of Northern Virginia that got appropriated. The actual Confederate flag looks more similar to a stereotypical "colonial" flag with the stars in a circular pattern.
Lincoln didn’t abolish slavery there was still slavery in the North after the civil war
This feel like the shower argument an elementary schoolar has when they learn what the confederacy was and is all like "ooh those confederates I will beat them up".
Confederacy was bad but this is just a bit of a cherry picking straw man.
JFJ would hate this video
Wait until people find out that their hero Lincoln didn't want to free the slaves, but rather maintain the Union instead 😂
Southern states were easy to annex because Mexico forbid slavery on 1821.  Whom got pee pee piss boys after that and wanted to leave Mexico and join the closest country that still allowed slavery? Damn right the southern states.
To be fair, Abraham Lincoln didn't sign the emancipation proclamation until 1863, well after the civil war. The real reason wasn't a matter of slavery but more so economics, especially from my home place of Winston county Alabama. Winston county supported the confederate mode of government but despised slavery and saw it as a rich man's immoral capital gains off of cheap labor. It's for that reason they remained neutral between the confederacy and the union. But when the confederacy started rounding up people in there mafia methods of having a draft (beating those who wouldn't join the draft to death Infront of their family (wife and kids)) the Winston county had enough and seceded from the confederacy out of moral outrage and wanting to live their lives in peace. In doing so, they became their own free country ("Free State of Winston") and allied themselves with the Union. My position is with the free state of Winston (I still live there) in one of the main cities of Winston - Haleyville - 911 as a telephone number was created and tested for the first time and we have a 911 festival every year to celebrate Haleyville as being the birthplace of 911. Just a few random facts about the history of where I live and it's relation to the civil war. Confederate flags are still common here because people like the confederate mode of government but dislike slavery. The confederate mode of government has one big pro and that's if you don't like one state's laws you can move to another state which may have laws so radically different that it'd be like a whole different country. That's good because then you're not putting all your eggs in one basket so to speak. When the union and confederacy joined back together, a new mode of government form. We still call it the union because the union won but it's more like a federation than a union under our Democratic Republic
bruh sad seeing someone who  makes funny videos is always getting involved and involving their audience in politics. do better.
The Civil War was class struggle to take us out of feudalism and into capitalism. Also, the U.S.S.R. outlived the confederacy because communism is goated.
HEY, HEY CONFEDERACY! HEY CONFEDERACY! ...knife
I loved on the community post that we sang union dixie in the comments
The Doritos x Taco Bell promotion lasted longer than the confederacy
comin doobus W ----------->
Way down south in the land of tratiors!
as a southerner all i can say is slavery was a bad idea and thanks to the slavery loving ass we had as a leader georgia got quite literally burned to a crisp so in my opinion the confederacy was a bad idea.
nerdus gurdus
Funny how the tables of whos more racist nowadays have turned. From whites back then to blacks now. Every other day i see on mainstream media black people seem to be allowed to be racist as long as its toward white people. And yes i believe slavery and racism is an abomination that needs to be condemned as much as possible, but itll take everyone of all races to want to end it. Till then were trapped in this endless cycle of horrible shit.
Only idiots think the civil war was fought over slavery. The civil war was fought over susession. Now succesion happened over slavery.
Seeing you post this while getting "backlash" from idiots who still believe in this is the best better die standing than live kneeling moment I've ever seen.
Hilarious and based video my dude :)
when you get down to it, it was because they didn't have power to oppose the northern states creating laws that would directly effect their state, seeing as cash crops were using slaves to be produced they probably took it as a threat to their economy(not trying to justify anything, if you don't try to understand the view points of those who do bad things you're just kinda dumb) Also I think calling them traitors is very hypocritical for Americans since the the reason America exists is by separating from another country
For reference,  The confederate states all wrote one so document which does include slavery as one shared reason but 5 states included individual reasons why they wanted to leave   “But they know the value of parchment rights in treacherous hands, and therefore they refuse to commit their own to the rulers whom the North offers us. Why? Because by their declared principles and policy they have outlawed $3,000,000,000 of our property (slaves) in the common territories of the Union; put it under the ban of the Republic in the States where it exists and out of the protection of Federal law everywhere; because they give sanctuary to thieves and incendiaries who assail it to the whole extent of their power, in spite of their most solemn obligations and covenants; because their avowed purpose is to subvert our society and subject us not only to the loss of our property but the destruction of ourselves, our wives, and our children, and the desolation of our homes, our altars, and our firesides. To avoid these evils we resume the powers which our fathers delegated to the Government of the United States, and henceforth will seek new safeguards for our liberty, equality, security, and tranquillity.” TLDR: We, Georgia, don’t want to lose our slaves because it will throw off our balance and hurt OUR freedom   “Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery-- the greatest material interest of the world. Its labor supplies the product which constitutes by far the largest and most important portions of commerce of the earth.” TLDR: We of Mississippi believe in slavery for it makes us money  “For many years these laws (fugitive slave laws) were executed. But an increasing hostility on the part of the non-slaveholding States to the institution of slavery, has led to a disregard of their obligations, and the laws of the General Government have ceased to effect the objects of the Constitution. The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin and Iowa, have enacted laws which either nullify the Acts of Congress or render useless any attempt to execute them. (Then they list “cases” where fugitives are freed)… Thus the constituted compact has been deliberately broken and disregarded by the non-slaveholding States, and the consequence follows that South Carolina is released from her obligation.” TLDR: They won’t give us back our slaves, so We, South Carolina, are out  “Texas abandoned her separate national existence and consented to become one of the Confederated Union to promote her welfare, insure domestic tranquility and secure more substantially the blessings of peace and liberty to her people. She was received into the confederacy with her own constitution, under the guarantee of the federal constitution and the compact of annexation, that she should enjoy these blessings. She was received as a commonwealth holding, maintaining and protecting the institution known as negro slavery-- the servitude of the African to the white race within her limits-- a relation that had existed from the first settlement of her wilderness by the white race, and which her people intended should exist in all future time” TLDR: Texas joined the confederacy to keep our slave economy alive   “The people of Virginia, in their ratification of the Constitution of the United States of America, adopted by them in Convention on the twenty-fifth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, having declared that the powers granted under the said Constitution were derived from the people of the United States, and might be resumed whensoever the same should be perverted to their injury and oppression; and the Federal Government, having perverted said powers, not only to the injury of the people of Virginia, but to the oppression of the Southern Slaveholding States.” This one might actually be technically “states’ rights” since they just mention them “being oppressed”, but then again states rights to what?
fucking howled at this video - sorry to hear you got death threats + the number of people who stan for the confederacy, both in these comments and apparently on twitter really fuckin boggles the mind
lost the rebellion and kept taking L's. KEEP SUCKIN IN THE SOUTH
I just like flag the flag Dawgs.
I will say this once. Only once. Because you people are just as bad as "slavery defenders". You people who've put horrendous comments here making fun of southerners and calling us "easy taxpayer dollars" and other such names as complete idiots. You're actually horrible. I know plenty of people who fly the flag for another reason not stated here. Wanna hear it? It'll make you all feel stupid. Just like us dumb southerners.  The Dukes of Hazzard.  A very popular movie and series down here, especially in Texas where I live. I know plenty of people who fly the flag because of that movie. They don't even know the meaning behind the flag. They just know it as the Rebel Flag. They like it because of the movie. I agree, the confederacy was bad, but a lot of people know nothing about the flag besides what it's called. The Confederate Flag. The Rebel Flag. The flag from The Dukes of Hazzard. Rethink what you say about people and how you treat an entire culture. Not everyone who flies it does it because of slavery and racism. My family flies it cause we love The Dukes of Hazzard and because it's a part of Southern Culture. Couldn't care less what it stands for, just that it's a part of our history. You people always defend this and that with every fact you can find, but bash another entire group with the facts that are seen, not the ones nobody cares to ask about.  God bless you all and I hope this was more enlightening to you than just googling "Confederate Flag bad why" and "Southerners stupid why".
I see you're point especially with society now with asian hate and hate crimes that are racially motivated it makes it worse that there was something similar to this but with filipinos (Idk much about it really considering I'm filipino but don't know much about my country's history) but yeah this feels very accurate and reading the comments made me feel more funny about this because he's just fighting fire with fire but in a humorous way especially considering the south being racially motivated but this eases my nerves alot
You know there's an old saying that's better to forgive than forget but we still cannot forgive this at the Confederacy even after the war had done some debilitating,screwed up things that have left a huge nasty scar on American history
Sounds like a republican trying to say the confederacy is fine. 😂
Your argument is irrelevant, "Won't you flyyyyyyyy hiiiiiiiiiigh, freeeeeeeee bird, yeah"
I'd say Chicago and Detroit have benefited from the abolishment of slavery quite thoroughly.
At this point, I'm convinced the only reason people wave the confederate flag is just because the traditional American flag looks ugly
I was gonna comment no shit but people appear to be defending the confederate so im quite bamboozled
Well technically yes the confederacy lasted four years, it's more so the propaganda afterwards, I remember in history class there was portion where we read about the former Confederacy states changing it from mainly slavery to mainly state rights. And as appalling as it is. This is what intrigues me about history about what caused all this to happen. Let's just be glad the confederacy didn't win. Who knows what would of happened if we yanks lost. Anyways I'm going to stop myself here so I don't ramble about anything else.
long live the confederacy
The proposed fighting for state's rights  was for groups to do as they pleased within reason but the entire point wasn't a single goal of harbinging ill-will. If there was any reason for bad practices, it was a factor of the times in which the commonplace and generational traditions were not kind to some people, as ignorance can complicate and even allow horrid behaviour simply due to majority rule. Without state rights, the cultures that occured in those states would all be the same, barring human rights in general. As spotty as state rights can be considering that it can influence very poor decisions and allow terrible government management, it can also be another example of cultures being able to succeed or fail when in different social climates. A gun serves more purpose to deter violence the more people have it that have actually been trained. As the saying goes, it's better to be a soldier in a garden than a gardener in a war.
Doobus Goobus: I will die in this crevasse
The only quote I've seen featured in the thumbnail that is actually featured in the video.
Ulysses S Grant and William Tecumseh Sherman are the real greatest dynamic duo.
“The confederacy were fighting for states rights!” States rights to own slaves
It's hypocritical the confederacy was "fighting for states rights" while passing the Fugitive slave act in 1850 requiring northern states give up the escaped slaves(and also many innocent free men were captured as well as slave catchers kidnapped people with impunity) despite the north not wanting too and despising it, what happened to the states right to decide what happens in their border, I also hear the argument it's in the constitution to have a right to ur property, my brother in Christ, slaves also have the same inalienable rights as you, they can't become property
this video is literally just texas-core   or carolina-core, florida-core, tennessee-core, louisiana-core, alabama-core, or georgia-core, you pick
Rebel tears are the sweetest wine.
fr
Goobus more like Goobased
I live in the south and support this whole heartedly. We really messed up down in the south.
I do believe that states rights would have been looked upon a little higher these days
The union supported slavery too
BASED
As a black man, it truly warms my heart that the content creators I support aren’t slime.
The annoying Orange part kills me
This was really weird, but I guess if you're getting attacked by them on Twitter then it makes sense
I dont need some D tier animator to tell me that slavery is bad
Lot of sister kissers in the comments here ngl y’all. If it’s your heritage to defend the United slavers of America then it’s my heritage to burn your fucking house down. Sherman was the greatest hero in American history
I know this will get lost in the comments, but I always saw the Civil War as brother against brother. It was an important chapter in American history, the main thing to come about it being the abolishment of slavery. No one ever argues against that. Yet what people don’t talk about is that the number of Americans that died in the Civil War is comparable to all other major wars America has fought in combined!  Regardless how you feel about it, it was what it was. A civil war that was anything but civil. Have you ever listened to war songs from the era from both sides? I think more people that celebrate the Confederacy do it more out of Southern Pride, that their sons fought against a behemoth and insurmountable odds to defend their home and way of life. A way of life that, yes, depended heavily on Slavery. And in the end, they lost and died.  Change is never easy, and people are stubborn. Had slavery been abolished gradually, such as setting a date where every person born after is free, it would have given slave owners enough time to figure out how to end the practice with technological improvements such as the cotton gin. But more importantly there wouldn’t have been a war and soo much death and destruction.  The union remains strong, but we should never forget our history. So let them wear the grey and perform their civil war re-enactments so that we never forget the bloodiest war in American History that happened in our heartland. Don’t make fun of them. Because it’s disrespectful to everyone who gave their life in that war.
I still dont understand why you picked them. We won our independence from the British not the southerners.  Btw im native american and french so fuck off with any race baiting BS
I salute you
Bro literally won an argument with himself. Debate this with an actual person, anybody can make an animation where they voice both sides and come out with their opinion looking like it won 🤣🤣🤣 no brainer.
I won't bother with outlining the reasons for secession and/or war, this comment section is enough of a dumpster fire as it is, and its easy to see people are either just ignorant of the truth, are unwilling to hear the truth, or are boldly lying about the truth. So I won't waste my time putting fuel on that fire.   What I will say is, about the whole heritage argument, I am related to Robert E. Lee on one side of my family and members of the Irish 69th on the other. Regardless of the side they fought on, I choose to honor and respect the legacy of both sides that I am related to, as both are American Veterans and are a part of my heritage.  inb4 "But Southern soldiers weren't American Veterans, they were Confederate Veterans!"  Memorial Day was formed to recognize those that lost their lives on both sides of the war. Confederate soldiers are buried at multiple national monuments, including Gettysburg.   Also, General Lee openly stated he was solely fighting for the state of Virginia and even surrendered to General Grant at Appotomax to save over 300k American lives.
What I always find really dumb is when they do shit like fly a confederate flag DIRECTLY UNDER the national flag! Like they act so patriotic while actively disrespecting the American flag by flying it with the flag of traitors.
Youre ignoring our other concerns” WHAT ARE THEY  HMMMMMMM
Ah yes. Wikipedia. I'm shooketh for a strawman being defeated. Ah. And clearly because I point this out, I'm somehow obviously supporting slavery. Oh boy can't wait to hear it.
Based
Slavery is wrong and evil.  That being said, legislating laws that will ruin the economy of half your country and doubling down on these laws even after said half of your country point out how it will only benefit the industrial half to the detriment of the agricultural half is stupid and wrong.  Also, If it was fought over slavery, the North should have made free the slaves within their own states, not declare the slaves in the south, who they had no power to free, as free.
As a black girl this was very informative, thanks
Freedom!
The last time i argued about this with someone, they dropped the act, started saying the n word, and said there's nothing wrong with slavery
We need to compile a list of things which lasted longer than the Confederacy. So far we got Annoying Orange and the Wii U.
The states right to own garden tools.
the annoying orange being brought up had me dying XD
Talking shit about the confederacy is my favorite form of patriotism
I just think the flag looks neat. 🤷‍♂️
Me when I win an argument that I made with myself
Damn straight! ✊🏽 Mad respect to ya, Goobus ❤️
Another W for the Annoying Orange, les go
i've watched this 12 times and i keep replaying it just because of how great this video is 😭
Destroying the lost cause myth. “Checkmate Lincolnites” goes into great depth and is one of my favorite video series because of this.
That outro song was fire. <3  As a Marylander by birth (Eastern Shore represent!), I wouldn't technically count as Southern-born, but I spent the next most of my 50+ years there, so whatever.
Bro i cant believe slavery. ITS HORRIBLE. PEOPLE OF OTHER RACES ARE PEOPLE. NOT JUST SOMETHING YOU CAN BOSS AROUND 😭
I'm Canadian but that ending got me feeling like a true blue merican 🇺🇸
As my freind calls it, the Cuntfederacy.
Overwhelmingly common Goobus W
Slavery is bad. But it also ended 158 years ago. Today's grandparents' grandparents didn't even experience it anymore. Why are people *still* crying about it? In fact, the enslavement of white and asian people is still ongoing in Africa and the Middle East today! But not a peep about that because they're not black, huh? No wonder so many people become racist. It's almost justifiable at this point.
So far, my brother's furry stage has outlived the Confederacy.
The civil war was mostly the states rights to slavery, but also questioned states rights in general. Back then there wasn't really anything in the constitution that said they could not leave the Union.
Fun fact: Abraham Lincoln's campaign had nothing to do with freeing existing slaves. His campaign specifically promised not to interfere with slavery in the south, only to prevent slavery in the west.
Know what else is evil? Complaining about white supremacy on your phone or tablet with a screen that came from the cobalt mines farmed by child slaves.  Just sayin'
Now do israel
I LOVE THE UNITED STATES, EAT MUD REBEL BOYS 🦅🦅🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
LETS GO UNION BOYYSSS🎉🎉🎉🎉
Even from a white nationalist perspective, the CSA is the reason there is so many africans in AMerica nowadays.
Preach
As an absolute nihilist I don’t believe in rights. Without the government boys nobody but your family cares if you get kidnapped, die, get robbed, the list goes on. Humans can do whatever they want and that includes EVERYTHING you can physically manage to do to another human.   I’m not saying slavery is good from a human standpoint but their is no such thing as cosmically unjust action.
I was thinking about this yesterday lol.
"Slavery is bad and evil."  I agree, so make a bashing video of every civilization that practiced it.
did you make this specifically so you could tell that annoying orange joke
States rights to do what?
Well the uniforms were grey
Gr8 video
XD great responce.
Freedom not to pay the the morrill tariffs mostly  Because that oppressed the agriculturalist south and sent money to that industrialist part of the country
Como on say it …. STATE RIGHTS … TO …DO …. WHAT ? …. answer the question
I love confederacy now
Half the confederate states specifically mentioned slavery as their reason for leaving the US in their official articles of secession.  The other half didn't list a reason.
I've had this debate a thousand damn times at this point, this is legit how I be if people wanna start this convo up for no reason. Just cut threw their bullshit and go for the jugular.
The that’s and bars has a new meaning it use as a Symbole of the south also the stars and bars was never the flag for the confederacy all the flags that were flown over confederate controlled land and forts was a blue flag with a yellow star in the middle the stars and bars was a battalion flag for the 22nd South Carolina Infantry division and it was only used a couple of times the reason it’s so well known is because it was flown by this battalion in the first couple of big battles  Am I defending the confederacy no it was bad… racism and slavery is bad… the stars and bars is now used t symbolize the south and its traditions and southern food and hospitality
The Democrats supported the Confederacy. Do with that what you will....
The real instigator of the Civil War was the South trying to force the North to have to return runaway slaves. That's when the North said "fuck this shit" and banned slavery altogether.
May the algorithm forever smile upon your content
*DISCLAIMER, I AM NOT A CONFEDERATE APOLOGIST* I am an American History major at ASU, and it the answer is "States right to create laws that went against the national government, for instance; nationally, slavery is abolished and illegal but the confederacy wanted to be able to keep slavery without the meddling of the US government. This was also applied to taxes, definitions of inter/intrastate commerce, and a litany of policies that would have weakened the south, albeit not nearly as bad as it was post-Civil War. Basically, the Confederacy wanted to be that little bitch brother that talks shit, gets hit, and goes squealing to his high school age brother (The US Government) to fight his battles for him.
"slavery is evil" dang. Well he can't be right all the time
Doobus here with the coldest take.
Right to succeed for tax reasons
The Doritos locos tacos has lasted longer than the confederacy
OK Liberal
I loved that Annoying Orange analogy and that the Abe we see is the one from Clone High. What’s funny, is even my black college professor said it wasn’t about slavery
"Can you answer my question you fucking traitor?"  Them' Dixie boys been real quiet lately.
THIS WAS AN AMAZING RESPONSE,,, I RESPECT YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS MAN
My dude knows slavery still exists right? Like worse in other countries than it ever was for antique farm equipment
I want a 10 hour loop of The end with The Song: each Dixie boy -
the confederacy is the most shameful thing i feel for my state (right next to supporting trump)
TRUUUU
Three good things come from the civil war. The end of slavery, Frederick Douglass, and a slew of amazing songs (Dixie and Union Dixie absolutely slap, lest not forget glory to the Union and the Bonnie Blue. The two sides were having a battle of the bands I swear)
Still kinda funny that Lincoln allowed Union states to keep slaves longer than confederacy ones. You guys celebrate the end of slavery in june whilst some states only got rid of it in December.
Funny how the most rabidly religious part of the US--the Bible-Belt--is also the worst when it comes to treating other human beings.
As a American civil war vetern i can confirm this video is 100% true
Bro...the annoying orange comparison just killed me
It is always right to mock the Confederates, and it is always right to punch nazis.
The only, and i mean ONLY, valid argument in this whole debacle is that the north was fighting for a unified United States, and not *necessarily* a moral fight against slavery. They abolished it, and stomped the confederates, thank god for that, but thats the only "gray" part of the civil war
the fucking AMONG US meme lasted as long as the Confederacy 💀
Slavery bad but didn't it sort of help us build our country in a way for it to be stopped and racial norms om a path to be abolished?
So my great-great-grandfather was a general in the Confederacy it wasn't just about slavery and I can prove to you why because after the war was over my great-great-grandfather move to a small town in Georgia at that time there was a major uprising of racist white people that wanted to get rid of all the black people in the town my great-great-grandfather who was a general in the Confederacy at the Battle of Gettysburg stood with the black people and fought against the racist defending the black people of the town so that they wouldn't be murdered if it was just about that why would one of the top generals of the Civil War defend the very people that he was supposedly trying to keep enslaved also fun fact every gun control law started since then so that black people couldn't get guns and the NRA was created to protect black people so that they could own firearms and wouldn't be killed by people that were evil and racist
Thank you for the new line of telling them that the annoying Orange lasted longer than the Confederacy lol. Why have I never thought to say that?
What’s the song at the end?
Doobus's first video it's almost 3 years old I mean, his video will be 4 years old in december 2024
THANK YOU at 0:35 for including the Cornerstone Speech and summing up MY EXACT ARGUMENT every time I hear about state's rights. And every time I hear about "white southern pride" about "we built this country" I'm always like "You mean, slaves built this country. You're proud of owning slaves, and proud of committing other numerous ruthless crimes against humanity like giving the Cherokee smallpox blankets and elbow room via Manifest Destiny. This is a really interesting take, I'm curious to know why you want to protect and remember that history rather than wipe it from your mind. ...What do you mean, no, that's not the history you were trying to protect? Because that's the CORRECT history to be remembering and protecting. Sure seems to me like you're desperately clinging to a false narrative because the Ten Commandments insist you're supposed to respect and defend your family. But hey, as a last resort, the Bible explicitly defends slavery too, and the teaching of Christianity to pagans (including 'negros', 'indians', and 'orientals'), has traditionally and historically been the primary moral guidance and support for white slavers and colonialists for hundreds of years. Rudyard Kipling, perhaps best known for writing 'The Jungle Book', also exemplified these guiding principles with his poetic piece titled 'The White Man's Burden'..."  I know a lot of people are gonna be mad about this so I completely understand if you don't repeat this on your channel when you could potentially lose tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of subs, but. I do blame the Bible (and Christianity in general, but mostly the Bible) for a lot of the persisting idiocy regarding racism and the Confederacy in this country... Even if you don't post that controversial information, you'd probably agree with me based on the amount of supporting evidence there is for this. It's pretty well-documented that the teaching of Christianity to the "pagan jungle negro" saved them from eternal damnation and that therefore, it was only right that they were eternally thankful and serve you willingly for the rest of their lives, including their descendants who would be born into Christianity and be baptized and christened. ... Rather, it's well-documented that this was a common belief that persisted in the antebellum American South as a moral defense and justification for enslavement.   And on that note, it baffles me that we still have a massive amount of African-American Christians in this country who seem supremely unconcerned with the fact that, if their Bible is factually correct, then all the slave-owners who cruelly tormented and brutalized their ancestors are smiling up in Heaven right now for having been good, faithful Christians. On top of being baffled that anyone who reads the Bible analytically and critically can actually believe even 10% of what they're reading, particularly when it contradicts itself multiple times. I have to either assume that most people DON'T actually read the Bible, and that those who do are some combination of lying to themselves, stupid, or just not bothering to actually look into it thoughtfully and critically.   It's also worth noting that if you study propaganda, particularly North Korean propaganda, all you have to do is swap terms and phrases like "Dear Leader" and "Filthy Americans/Japanese" for "God/Jesus" and "Satan", and suddenly it sounds exactly like the Bible. People over there worship the Kim dynasty like Gods, and it's very easy to see why once you look at the evidence. Similarly, I maintain that the Bible is the world's most successful work of propaganda ever produced to subvert the masses. It's so successful, in fact, that the vast majority of people have no idea that it's even propaganda.
I just think the flag is ugly
common doobus W
I went to highschool in rural Pennsylvania a few years ago and we were told the whole "states rights" bs. Safe to say Union Dixie is a banger and that form of old parody is just beautiful.
Is this like your " apology " for saying racist shit on twitter ?? Gotta love morally dubious people trying so hard to make themselves seem morally superior
Good thing that the non confederate states never bekived in racism or commited any war crimes or genocides man that would be the hight of irony especially if they did it in a tile where it clearly isnt morally acceptable but good thing that it was all in other countries and not americans especially not white ones because then it would be bad.
I’m gonna play devils advocate here really quickly:  From my limited knowledge the civil war started because the south thought they were paying too much in tax, some few weeks of fighting later and the south was like “hey America was built on people refusing to pay taxes” and some of the other states were like “shit this guy has a point” and so the north said “we’ll free the slaves if we win” and those other states were like “fuck, free slaves? Sure why not” and helped the north fast forward a few years, the northerners killed southerners and southerners killed northerners and the president got fucking shot because he was too busy watching shrek the musical. The end.
Annoying Orange lasting longer than the confederacy is fucking amazing
why'd you get so political for
Not a slavery defender, but it was for state's rights. Of course, the major right was to have slaves. Though you could vote to repeal it in the south. But the major issue back then was that the south wasn't in a position to free slaves. While the north had innovation and machinery that out matched slavery. The south did not. And after the Civil War, it showed, with some state's almost never recovering economically.
The democrat confederacy was truly despicable
The confederacy wasn’t solely based around slavery. And for many people the fact that they did support slavery causes them to overlook the other aspects the confederacy had problems with.   Many evil topics like the confederacy, slavery, colonialization, or even colonization don’t truly even fit in the gray.   All of the above mentioned, topics can be seen throughout the world we know today. Colonization was fucked as hell, but it mostly ended up, standardizing a moral compass. As with many things in history, particularly the more fucked up stuff, we must view it as a dark spot. It’s something we did and it’s not something we can take away. All we can do is make sure it doesn’t happen again. This does not mean side step issues, or ignore issues or cater to certain people for previous things done to them. It merely means we shall not make the same mistake twice many of the above issues are long since gone in most places.
Anyone: "slavery is bad" A bunch of idiots on twitter: "how dare you"
Dixie land is a really nice song and the cross with stars is such a nice design that it'd be a shame if people stopped using them. As long as it adopts a new meaning people shouldn't be ashamed of them.
A state's right To own gardening tools   But seriously the start of american empire did bring a lot of it's own problems along with its solution to slavery.  We went from a loosely connected union of states like the countries in the eu to an empire run totally by a federal government.  Our taxes are ridiculous, our "safety" are written by people outside the fields and locations, and blanket policies that only work for one area are being applied to the detriment of many rural communities.  Statup businesses suffer from the same restrictions placed on mega corporations. The Bill of Rights is in serious jeopardy specifically, but thankfully we've had some wins through the Supreme court actually reading the constitution from a text, history, and tradition standard. When ww2 hit and we started renewing emergency states every year with every generation is when it really got nuts.  And now we alphabet agencies just abusing the piss out of chevron defference to lock people up and destroy families on arbitrary definition and rule changes without any votes made by actual lawmakers in regards to all that crap.  Been reading Patrick Henry: Lion of Liberty and i gotta sat, that bubba was the absolute spirit of America made manifest.    Pretty much incited the Revolutionary War single handedly, opposed slavery, even giving up his own on one occasion only to get stuck with more in a marriage where he would later lament their whole situation and even went so far as to blame black slavery for every problem in Virginia.  Guy was not a hypocrite, he couldn't stand the idea of robbing people of their freedoms. He hated big governments and favored small Constitutional Republics where the elected lived among their constituents and had clear limitations on their authority.    He however, saw it his duty to care for those slaves he had inherited as he couldn't see a way for them to succeed with no education on their own,  not necessarily a correct view but i can vibe with the intent of a provider.  Especially one who notably had no ornaments or trinkets in his house.  It was described as bland and only containing things of functional value.  He also regularly pulled insane stunts while struggling financially to help others at absolutely ludicrous sums from his meager savings.  Don't let me decieve you though, the dude did have over 1,000 acres of private property and after 3 failed careers nailed it as a defense attourney     He and James Madison really pushed for a bill or rights and Henry specifically said the states would suffer in a similar manner from a largely unrestricted federal governement.  His sentiments are unfortunately quoted by the foremost leaders of the confederacy.  But what's wonderfully coincidental is that i just mentioned James Madison, the guy who told private shipping captains that of course they could own cannons and hire privateers to man them (typically 10 to 40 depending on ship size and funds) at the start of the Barbary Corsairs pirate wars.   The Barbary Pirates took more European and Colonial slaves than the entire african slave trade and neccesitated two wars with an extremely young usa, which forced the formation of a formal navy.
The annoying orange also lasted longer than austrian painters reign lol
Is no one going to talk about the inclusion of John dougles
Since the Confederate flag was just the "stars and bars" on the top left corner of a completely white flag. The nation was so weak, that even when they were charging into battle wielding their flag, the North still thought they were surrendering.
Didn’t Lincoln make slavery a part of the constitution?
As a guy from a state that was Confederate, I’m proud to shit on Confederates.
Just a reminder that a large amount of Native American tribes tribes fought on the confederacy side and one native American general, even fought for two months after the confederacy surrendered
Too political 😅
As a southern American, I fully agree with you here. Unfortunately, you can’t walk 3 feet without seeing a confederate flag. And now in my state they are literally outlawing teaching anything that our state government doesn’t like! Which includes outlawing teaching kids in school about slavery! They are making it illegal to teach kids in school anything about why the confederacy happened except that it was state rights!
The confederates are actually submissive and breedable femboys who like to have a master. Oh and add racism to that and you'll have the confederacy yahooo
I watch this on repeat... this is so fricken funny!
Very cute video but the South will rise again.
GET DOUGLASS'D
It’s such a dumb position to defend, I just assumed the trend was just trolling to get liberals upset. There should never be another reason to support confederacy; the flat-earthers of politics.
Mocking Confederates is the most patriotic thing I can think of. The traitor flag should have been outlawed, and at this point it most useful in telling me "OH, you live in a fantasy land. Gotcha." A shame reconstruction failed.
The hell's a "Dixie"?
Jefferson Davis likes to thank you for voting blue no matter who.
North 2 - South 0
I believe the confederate flag represents states rights more so politically. What this man doesn't understand is the Civil War wasn't fought over slavery directly, but over the southern way of life.
Don't come here and tell me that USA still don't have slaves or don't use slaves. Slavery never left USA. It just changed name to fool you
lovely video
Don't try being a Stonetoss. You don't make it funny.
“Heritage, not hate”  If it was about heritage you would know you’re using the wrong fucking flag, right?
The only part of the confederacy that ill defend (to a point) Is General Lee, because he was initially asked to lead the union army my Lincoln and only refused because his son had already joined the confederacy. Throughout the war he proved to be a devastatingly effective general and managed to do quite alot with an army that was under-trained, underarmed, and outmatched in many cases. Not to mention, when he knew he was beaten, he stood his soldiers down instead of wasting their lives in some last ditch attempt to win a losing battle. Hell, even General Grant respected the man enough to treat him with dignity and respect even while he was surrendering. And during the surrender, Lee made sure that his men were taken care of first.
Bashing Confederates, Nazis and any other irrational political child is my favourite pass time
what is the name of the song at the end of the skit
Aw hell yeah doobus is based
May I have the link to the song you used at the end of the video. It sounds really good
Agreed the confederacy was quite evil but the majority who fought for it were just poor people duped into it by propaganda thinking they would have better rights and living/working conditions under the bills(because fun fact all of that sucked dick if you weren't rich enough to say, own a plantation). That and the Union committed lots of war crimes which made people who weren't even aligned with the confederacy join up to get revenge. Like cowboys, fuck cowboys, in the Civil War cowboys weren't ranchers and honorable gunslinger and whatever bullshit you're thinking of, they were basically pirates on land (in that they were just as brutal as pirates, and paid by the union to attack confederate territory). But guess what, they mainly attacked towns that had nothing to do with the war or strategic objectives, instead just slaughtering civilians and burning down towns and villages. The confederacy was evil, there's no doubt about that, but the union were not good guys either, they were grey. Just felt like springing a little history because some people are proud of their ancestors' service in the confederacy not because they fought for the ideals of the confederacy, but simply against the union. Like those who were in the wehrmacht or foreign SS divisions from countries like Estonia and Latvia, and fought on the eastern front.
What I was never taught how long it lasted😂😂 only 5 years, my wife and I have been together for that long
You know, I usually do not struggle at least understanding people's argument. I can at least understand why some might be against abortion or whatever, regardless of my own beliefs. Modern confederates I just straight up do not understand. I cannot imagine an actual reason beyond "This is what the people that used to live here believed", which is just nothing.
Obviously slavery is a great evil of humanity that should never be repeated. The confederacy was wrong for that.  That said, I do believe states should be able to, in general, make their own laws and policies for their own localities, not dependant on the federal government
Liberals will only be patriotic about America when they're shitting on the confederacy lmao
Meanwhile, modern day internet memes would finally answer this as either CHAD YES or  >rebel against federal government >cite cause as states' rights >refuse to elaborate further >leaves
Doobus you are such a giga chad 😁👍  Edit:   I know i mentioned this somewhere in the comments but you know your life sucks when a commie country lasted longer. 69 years 😏
The amount of males in the comment section with my little pony pfps is concerning and telling.
A lot of things in history are not Black and White, that is true.  But the Confederacy is one of the exceptions
I'm not from the US originally, I'm from Russia. Much to everyone's one surprise, we don't get too deep into the US history! So I didn't know about the American Civil War until much later, and I didn't even know what the Confederate Flag was. However, I did know about Dukes of Hazzards, I have a number of VHS tapes on the Duke boys, and I LOVED that show. So naturally, I thought the Confederate Flag was was just the cool General Lee logo, like I thought it was just the Duke Boys being edgy with the American flag, a big ol' X! As far as I'm concerned, the Confederate Flag is just the General Lee's cool ass logo. The Duke boys lasted longer than the Confederacy anyway, it became their thing.
Not only did the annoying orange exist longer, the annoying orange brand has been more successful (popularity, monetarily, etc) than the confederacy
Doobus should be everyone's new history teacher
I love you, Goobus.
Texan here, it was definitely the State’s right to maintain the institution of slavery and thank goodness I wasn’t taught otherwise.
Away down south in the land a traitors, rattle snakes and alligators
I can't help but feel sorry if this honestly makes people upset
Weirdly enough they were willing to stop slavery if England helped them in the war, cause England was not pro slavery.  Truth is Lincoln was a crazy power hungry wig who got into a war with a bunch of slavers. And honestly I think we had the best of both worlds, with both dieing after the war.  Lost a crazy dictator and we permanently slapped slavery down into the ground.   Base line it was a shitty time to be an American and it was a hellish time. That I'd personally still fight under the mad Man Sherman just for the fact that slavery is that evil.
i watch because the funny. I stay because its right
States rights to efficient, low-cost farming equipment, what could be so wrong about that?
real
The only slavery I support is the kinky kind
A lot of this is just like if a vegan has a portrait of Hitler because he was Vegan
GOLLY GEE FUCKIN WILKERS , man
Slavery was bad, states rights are still good, and the state of states rights now makes the condition of states rights then look like a liberal Paradise by comparison  Let's say that the government came down and outlawed the sale of cigarettes, pretty much an objective moral good thing to do, will save countless lives over the long run, does that mean that the government has the right to do it? Has the right to interfere with what has been legal up until now? And maybe it does maybe there is a threshold at which the good that would happen as a result of such federal government actions outweighs the bad of their over-reach of power. Let's take a little more controversial example, abortion, there are arguments that the act of abortion is on the same abhorrent level as the act of slavery. Should the federal government be able to mandate The Outlaw of the practice wholesale across the country? Or should be up to states to decide? Or should we go back to the previous state of being in which the government allowed the practice to take place Nationwide? Again you can actually argue any of those three positions as being the best option. Despite the fact that again abortion is easily comparable to slavery as long as you view the child being killed as a child being killed
The ending made me remember when for some reason my 2nd grade class had to sing the Dixieland song and it became 7 year old me’s favorite song, and I didn’t find out it was a confederate song until a year ago when I randomly remembered it
They’re main motto is “the civil war wasn’t about slavery but about state rights🤡🤡🤡”
the usa is already ass. the confederacy is some of the shit that came out
I honestly think people ignoring the ugly part of history is never good as a headspace and I'm a person educated in Japan ^^"
I love the flag it’s beautiful
1:05 Your going to celebrate a nation so fucking weak the annoying orange outlived it
The Confederaboos have arrived in the comments section. You all know your duty, godspeed.
The Annoying Orange is my heritage
To stop the North from pillaging and raping villages.
So THAT explains why we keep invading countries for oil! Those bastards are enslaving it!
Unrelated to the video but reading these comments it feels like Americans get really mad when everyone doesnt conform to one another, not realizing that living in a different state can be like living in another country. You were not raised with the same values, religion, moral concepts, or ideologies and experiences so its so weird to see this attempt at policing. But I guess thats the internet for you, cant force everyone to act how you'd please.
No matter how non-american someone can be, as soon as someone talks about the confederacy, we all turn into some real North American patriots 💪🇺🇸
Just remember how stupid the confederacy was , all bc the south didn’t want to lose there slaves and there where willing to fight and die to keep there slaves WHY , they were willing to give there lives so that there wouldn’t leave there slaves , I’m 100% sure that they wouldn’t like to been in the place in the slave but Instead of having empathy they were like “na we ain’t the same so ur a lower human then me “
John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave But his soul goes marching on
long live dixie land
People in the south also like to forget that the confederacy had one of the highest desertion rates in any army in history
"The world isn't always black and white"  It was to the Confederacy.
Atun Shei would be proud
But i like the annoying orange
Yeah democrats were wild'n back then.
"America FUCK YEAH"- George Washingtons balled eagle
I honestly don't get why people still support the confederacy, even more frustrating when you live in the south and every other home has a confedert flag
If slavery of humans is wrong what about animals ? The only difference between us and them is brain power
If you want a good Confederate movie, watch The Outlaw Josie Whales. A man joins the confederacy because some Union boys burned down his ranch, and he joined solely for revenge. It’s a good Clint Eastwood flick
As a black person I find this funny af, I was going to try and give the guy a poor "defence" on "muh hairituge" but then you dropped the annoying orange outlasted the confederacy and I lost it
I'm glad the Confederacy did not outlive YouTube
Fun fact liberals: your party is the confederacy.     If all white people are inherently racist because of history (I’m hispanic), then what does that say about being a liberal.
If the Union really wanted to end slavery they should have started with New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Washington D.C., and Missouri. Also, they probably shouldn't have allowed West Virginia to enter the Union as a slave state and they probably should have stopped enforcing slavery after the war was over. Their strategy to end slavery seems very counter-intuitive, but I'm sure a fed-cuck will try to "enlighten" me or ask me to "do better."
Doobus using the clone high Abraham Lincoln is kinda funny to me
this video is so good I can hardly believe it’s not months old
RAHHHH W
I followed a link here from Reddit.
Never argue with people that John Brown would have shot.
The most controversial hot take:  Slavery was bad.  Lmao
"it wasn't about slavery" I swear people can't really be that ignorant and actually have to be bad faith actors defending the "GHOST CLUB" that came in the wake of the civil war... at the time of the Civil War NEARLY THE ENTIRE CIVILIZED WORLD HAD ENDED SLAVERY. England had ended it *FIFTY YEARS PRIOR* the CSA was literally one of the *LAST* places in the "civilized world" that officially supported the practice.
Fun Fact: The Confederacy was intending to spread its territory into Mexico and the Caribbean, creating an honest-to-god Slave Empire.
Does anyone else not see abe from clone high at 0:40
Fun fact: I asked ChatGPT what the Confederats' motivations were, and they basically just amounted to 'slavery and money made by slavery and being allowed to keep doing slavery'. Like. Even AI can't give me more than that, but modern confederates wanna pretend their motivations were nuanced for some reason.
Agreed. Slavery was wring. Now that we've established that collectively as a culture, we can move on to discussing why it's wring to allow people to willingly remove themselves from a union they don't want to be a part of anymore.
States were already succeeding from the north because of the tariffs and other state rights. The confederate were evil but people are acting like if you want to go against Lincoln, at that time you're supporting slavery. But no one brings up how he supported slavery and ordered protesters in the north who didn't want to be drafted to be shot. So yes, its not black and white if you support the union at that time you supported gunning down people for not wanting to be drafted and you support the south you're slavery apologist. Also the union still owned slaves even through the war so to say the union General Sherman not only kept slaves for his troops but also stated slavery is good for blacks. And if support Lincoln you support a guy who killed the shit out of revolting slaves and native americans. The confederates evil gets taught in schools and every sees it as evil but Lincoln and the union just gets apologist at best and laughed and cheered for at worst.  Ate confederates   Ate Lincoln   Ate Sherman and the Union  Love ma Doobus   Simple as
Seriously one of the few things I enjoy being patriotic about. I piss on confederate veterans.
Yea, cause the south was owned by democrats then.
"I will fight for my personal freedom to deprive other people of theirs!"
hehe Abe was a fun cameo
0:39 unfortunately Lincoln was quite the dickhead. In fact, Lincoln's decisions as president are probably what gave the "Lost Cause" myth the most legitimacy throughout it's existence.  -Before the risk of secession even came to be, he was abusing his authority as president and silencing dissenting opposition- The previous statement is patently false, I now realize, yet the one before still stands.
General Sherman didn't burn the south enough
I hate to give them an argument, because it absolutely was about slavery, but you can also add tariffs, industry, and a centralized bank to that list of concerns that made the south break apart. The south felt as if the tariffs were scaring away all of the trade that they needed to survive as they didn’t and couldn’t (because of the lack of air conditioning) have the same industry as the north did, so they felt as if they were being choked out by the north. And the centralized bank thing was just kinda a thing lol
One time when I was a freshman in highschool, there was a girl with a confederate hat, hoodie, pants, boots, belt, etc. I don’t like bullying nor do I want to become one but… damn did I want to use the dark side.
The War of North Korean Aggression.
That's why I'm for The Yankee Union Because really they were more american then the confederacy, Because true americans want true freedom, The confederates wanted slavery
I like how traitors try justifying the confederacy by saying “well they were being taxed and were being forced to stay” like they never heard of the Gettysburg address as well and also taxation for you guessed it Slavery there’s no justification for enslaving people and rebelling and trying to keep it in when the Union was planning to rid of it, they tried taking the next step forward for a while now on Slavery and the south (because of there over-reliance on them) kept going against that and instead of thinking of a solution to not use slaves anymore they instead kept trying to keep it to the point of starting a civil war over it Thank god we had John Brown and Fredric Douglas fighting for there rights
anyone wanna talk about how Goobus's tongue is blue instead of red?
Racists get Douglass'd
States Rights to not get their Cotton taxed exorbitantly.  And Slaves to pick it all.
Why do people who dont know history deem to make videos.
please remake this video but make it funny this time
Dude, Skylanders outlived the Confederacy. Imagine being so much of a failure that you got outlived by a video game series about toys coming to life and defeating Invader Zim but bald-
What your describing is called lost cause theory. The losers wanted to say they had a good cause to justify their actions. It Carrie’s over to today from the ancestors of confederates who died in the war
The states right to own slaves, God would life be better if we had someone to lick our toes at night clean our rooms dishes and take care of the kids. The wife gets to playful with the slaves we take them behind the tool shed and remind them there name is Toby now😂🤣😂✊🏻🤡👻🙊
Was?
you aren't a political channel. you aren't exactly a history buff or anything, cause if you were you wouldn't come at history with this "We're the good guys! darn heckin Nazis! boy those crusades were bad, huh?" mentality. History will always be a gray zone of both sides being absolutely abysmal. you do know about how many southern cities were butchered at the hands of Sherman, right? or how the emancipation proclamation only freed slaves in the rebel territories. west Virginia was actually admitted to the north as a slave state. As a first generation immigrant i love my country, i love its history. both the beautiful and ugly parts of it are important to me. you can have your opinions man though.
Stars and Stripes 🇺🇸  Not Stars and Bars 💩
The virgin Confederacy didn’t stand a chance against the chad Union. It was industry and corporations versus slavery and cotton. The Confederacy’s reluctance to industrialize their nation was the biggest reason why they were so poor and inevitably lost the civil war.
imean the north didnt think slavery was bad because it was slavery, they thought it was bad because they didnt want slave owners to come up north and take over the economy with their free labor
This is perfect
This state is fucking racist
I'm from East Tennessee. We literally almost became a seperate state because we didn't want to be apart of the confederacy. Still see confederate flags waved proudly here with the excuse of "my ancestors blah blah blah".   Homie, your ancestors tried to MAKE A SEPERATE STATE because they didn't support it. Isn't it just time to admit your a racist?  Literally just fly a flag of Dolly Parton if you care about culture.
this is actually hilariously appropriate today as media and Democrats are crawling over one another to bash the movie exposing child trafficking, as if they support it  Just goes to show that no matter what happens in history there will always be human beings willing, capable, and in the position to enslave another human being. To think that opposing trafficking is considered a controversial topic is all you need to know about the state of Western society.
The only thing the confederacy outlived is the blockchain
women's right to choose WHAT?
ok ok, so i made a comment earlier and people in comments have asked me to explain further, so allow me to just run the civil war down (which wasn’t really a civil war, more on that later) for everyone.  Allow me to say this, slavery is bad, no matter the situation, it was an atrocity, and i do NOT approve of it. Too many times when I explain the reality of the situation people accuse me of defending slavery. This is NOT the case, so please, this is only an explanation of why the war and the situation abroad was not about slavery. Thank you.   So to start with, what we call a “civil war” was just a war. Not a civil war, as the confederate states had actually legally voted themselves out of the union, an act of which is allowed as per the decoration of independence. So already we’re seeing an issue.   The reason the southern states seceded ultimately is because at the time there was a generally strong cultural difference, see the Northern industrial states believed in a more centralized government, while many of the Southern states believed in a more independent state based government type. So states rights ring because the North felt that everything should be a shared decision among the whole, while the south believed that they should be be allowed to make their own decisions, and while slavery was indeed an issue at this point, a more prominent one was that the south was getting mad rich off the international sale of cotton to Europe, namely England, and when the North started calling for greater taxes on the southern import, and that the South should be sharing the money…yeah tensions rose. So doobus, there your “states rights to do what” to trade, among other things.   Taxes on slaves, the North, and mainly Abraham Lincoln proposed that the south should be paying taxes on their slaves, and if not, they should free the slaves to pay taxes. Yeah explained this in the other comment so moving on.   Money…again. Basically among all this talk of ramping up how much tax the south should be paying, the Southern states began to evaluate and realize, “hey, the North is paying less than a third of what we’re paying, that seems unfair”. And when they brought this concern to the congress, the outvoted south was told to shut up and pay more taxes. See the North had industrialized, which is super cool, and does many great things….100 years later when we actually figured out what kind of cool stuff to make, but at the time, there was really nothing for the factories to produce what made money on an international scale, it propelled the North into making cool cities, but it wasn’t making anyone any money. So they relied on the souths export taxes, while also outvoting all the southern states concerns.   Ok so theres one thing that most don’t talk about, that really should be brought up more, but this always makes the North seem like the bad guys thye kinda were. So the US today hammers everyone on the head with “we freed the slaves, REEEE” the ree as loud as they can so nobody remembers the poor treatment of the Native Americans. See Oklahoma shouldn’t even exist, it SHOULD be the Cherokee Nation, but thanks to Manifest Destiny, the US had this habit of attempting to eliminate them all. Well the civilized tribe of the Cherokee decided they wanted to join the US, and despite the South all saying yes, the North all said no. The South believed the Cherokee were Americans, and thus deserved representation, the North…didn’t i guess? Idk. Thus creating even more tension between the two.   Ok so theres the reasons, and despite what others may say, the war itself had nothing to do with slavery, and as usual, everything to do with money. See when the south seceded the North started to look like it was gonna go broke, well how do you fix that? You force the high tax income states to rejoin. Don’t believe me? Well look up when the war started, then look up when the Gettysburg address was made that slavery would be abolished, it wouldn’t be for 2 years after it had already started. Why? Because it was looking increasingly like England would be joining the CSA against the US. But England had also denounced slavery, so Lincoln announcing that he was fighting the war for the noble reason of freeing slaves, the English backed off. And history would just kimd of run with it. For further proof that I’m correct, remember that segregation would continue for a long time after the war’s conclusion, not just in the south either, but all over the country, white people regularly treated blacks as second class citizens, and segregation was in effect until the 1900s. A friend of mine once told me something: “nobody starts a war for noble reasons”  So there ya go friends, FYI i still love Doobus content, and will continue to watch every video he releases.   Remember: the cure is soup.
BASED VIDEO
As a Canadian, seeing confederates praise their “Heritage” cus even we don’t do that because of the whole “indigenous genocide” thing,   the only thing we really praise our history about (mainly cus it’s kinda funny) is that we burnt the Whitehouse down that one time
Is Youtube reading my mind cause i was actually thinking about this today?
I love this
Now to abolish the slavery happening nowadays, Taxes.
Why did youtube recommend me this? Did I imply that I like watching videos of people taking down irrelevant strawmen?
Since your here take some rad-away to survive the YouTube comment section
You ass. I laughed so hard I got hiccups
Why did u made this animation?
If it wasn’t about slavery why are the people who use confederate flags racist? 🤔
I love this
Look, I understand state rights and less government interference and all, but I think owning another human being and treating them worse than dogshit is kinda bad.  Also, I like how you drew Abe as the Clone High character.
You don't have to support or like the confederacy to point out Abraham Lincoln was a dictator.
The Civil War was actually about economics. The South wanted to keep slaves, the North wanted the agricultural resources the South represented as well as the various trade routes they blocked geographically.   So both sides were pieces of shit as is the case with most wars
Wanna know something funny. There are actually a lot of black people who live in southern states that say that the confederate flag represents southern pride, not racism. I heard that and thought it was funny.
Remember kids, just like with nazis, it’s okay to punch confederates in the face. It’s always the morally correct option :) 👍
GET MF DOUGLASSED
As someone livin in the south I love this.
Man, comparing them to the annoying orange is a low blow, even for eviloids like them xD
Slaves should be free
Doesn’t mean the Union was good. There were no “good guys” in the Civil War.
I mean you gotta admit, he’s not wrong!
A can of tuna can outlive the confederacy. Good fucking riddance, 160 years later
Do these creatures even still exist anymore?
States rights............except when the state legalizes weed
Bro should respect annoying orange
I'm the type of guy to troll southerners by playing Union Dixie,and at same time troll northerners by saying that slavery is good.  Americans have to be most sensitive people I've ever met,damn. 💀
CLONE HIGH REFERENCES!!!!!
Civil war was not north vs south.  It was centralized federal power against everything else.  The central power could not abide any devolution of that power.  All central powers are like that, from the dawn of time.  Russia has been fighting to retain or reassert central power over former soviet states for some time now for exactly the same reason.
"Better a pig than a fascist."
Bro used wrong flag for confederacy
I hate the current day Federal government. I don’t care what the Confederacy stood for, only that it hurt Feds. Get bent Fed worshipper. I support the Confederacy out of Spite.
DO IT AGAIN UNCLE BILLY
beautiful
This is my uno reverse card during Thanksgiving when the conversation of politics show up.
i think this is the first time i’ve ever seen goobus look at me head on like that and idk how to feel about it
Nuh uh
Unions be poping while rebels be droppin
The Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy
Sherman is laughing while burning Confederates in hell lol
"union Dixie" was the original diss track
Pokemon has lasted longer than the Confederacy. Let's just replace the Confederate statues with Pokemon
I hope this video stays up for another 5 years cause after that you can say that this video outlived the confederacy.
id be against him but my race is grey so i have to agree (its not racist i promice )
As a Texan I agree with Doobus
My man made a whole video of shitty reddit arguments to badmouth the greatest nation formed on the North American continent. Oof
Confederate:“States rights to secede from the union” Normal Person:”Ok why’d they wanna leave” Confederate:”Uh cause um the Union was oppressive” Normal Person:”What’d they do” *confederate sweating intensifies* Confederate:”uh they opposed our economic policy” Normal Person:”hrmmmmm which policy was that” Confederate:”Slav….wait fuck”
“Actually it was fought over market conditions and the economy”
Confederates L, the only time I'm patriotic is to be a Union boy
People who say "I'm a confederate rebel" are the main reason as to why the US Education system is failing and it shows. These ignorant people are willing to repeat history, that is if they actually have the brains to do it.
the Wii U lasted longer than the confederacy
the confederrate flag represents my history of taking a fat f**king L
We need some of this kind of content to call out how crappy was the civil war here in SPAIN.  Fucking Franco.
Ironically it was started because the Confederates were AGAINST states rights because the Northern States were using their individual states rights to not enforce the "Fugitive Slave Act".
This take nowadays just targets you for ppl that want to call you a woke libtard. The propaganda runs deep…
Own farm equipment.
To those who say the common confederate was a poor white man who had nothing to gain from the preservation of the institution of slavery and everything that came with it:   They had everything to gain.   They were told by their leaders that if black people were free, they would seek revenge, compete for jobs and do them at a fraction of the current wages, and worst of all, have equal rights and opportunities along with being seen as social equals which to the common confederate was a doggone unacceptable travesty, abomination and dishonor. Imagine getting duped by a bunch of wealthy slave-owners into fighting and dying for something more abhorrent than the mud on your shoe.  “Oh well slavery was the norm back then don’t hold people up to modern standards.” : Nope, people knew it was wrong and actively fought against the terrible institution. Some countries even outlawed it entirely. It was all about power over others and greed.
"The Confederacy should've been allowed to secede from the Union!" -- A conservative I talked to in real life.
That cursed butt waxed video on youtube might outlive the confederate flag
"QUIT HAVING FUN"
State rights to what!?
You know what else lasted longer then the Confederacy?  Nazi Germany (1933-1945), and you don't see Germans saying "it's our heritage."
In this day and age, im convinced patriotism means treason. There were literally people who raided the capital because their president lost the election, which is a U.S. process. Those people did and still do call themselves patriots.
I love how the name of the video is like he was surprised about the confederates were bad
Look I get having the statues and stuff in the south as its their history, but these people are dumb
As an American, the south is like the DOOM super gore nest of racism, looks like it as well
did u know that slavery was going downhill business wise and the south used it soo much that it would be a big change for them to let go off... but the other states felt the same as the north being that slavery was not a useful business method, because it's better quality to have someone wanting to be there and doing a good job then someone tired and forced into it.
John Brown would love to discuss states' rights.....nevermind, we killed his remaining sons and hung him....
You know. When Grant passed, both Northern and Southern veterans were called upon to be pollbearers of his funeral. He believe to unite this nation, we must bury the past with the dead to look to the future.  What are you doing? I doubt this is about dissing on the confederacy. If you believe so much in what the Union stood, you'd know they be disgusted with you in trying to sow division still.   The Union allowed confederate men to be buried with their fellow Amricans. Despite what they rought.   Your cherry picked patriosm sickens me. Not because in the defence of the south, but that you spit in the faces of sacrifice and the courage of forgiveness.
Other concerns......hmm.....  Considering the south cared nothing for non land owning whites, even through the north's complete obliteration of the southern way of life through reconstruction and the TVA (both extremely necessary advancements met through absolutely unsavory means). I went through the public school  system of Alabama for Christ's sake, and its not about heritage. If it were, we'd be far more concerned with the years FOLLOWING the confederacy,  not four measely years that had no benifit for 80% of the southern population.
Imagine trying to justify owning humans.  edit: Some of these replies are funny as hell.
I hope the idea of "states rights" don't diminish to a simple "states rights support slavery" ideologue. The philosophy of state rights is for corruption to be harder to spread across the entire nation. I DONT SUPPORT CONFEDERACY THO.
I’m a little late to this but to all confederacy retards ( I’m not disparaging against the mentally disabled, just these idiots):  Poaceae (/poʊˈeɪsiaɪ, -siːiː/) or Gramineae (/ɡrəˈmɪniaɪ/) is a large and nearly ubiquitous family of monocotyledonous flowering plants commonly known as grasses. It includes the cereal grasses, bamboos and the grasses of natural grassland and species cultivated in lawns and pasture. The latter are commonly referred to collectively as grass.  Grasses Temporal range: Albian–Present  PreꞒꞒOSDCPTJKPgN [1]  Flowering head of meadow foxtail (Alopecurus pratensis), with stamens exerted at anthesis Scientific classification Edit this classification Kingdom: Plantae Clade: Tracheophytes Clade: Angiosperms Clade: Monocots Clade: Commelinids Order: Poales Clade: Graminid clade Family: Poaceae Barnhart[2] Type genus Poa L. Subfamilies Anomochlooideae Aristidoideae Arundinoideae Bambusoideae Chloridoideae Danthonioideae Ehrhartoideae Micrairoideae Panicoideae Pharoideae Pooideae Puelioideae Synonyms[3] Gramineae Juss.  With around 780 genera and around 12,000 species,[4] the Poaceae is the fifth-largest plant family, following the Asteraceae, Orchidaceae, Fabaceae and Rubiaceae.[5]  The Poaceae are the most economically important plant family, providing staple foods from domesticated cereal crops such as maize, wheat, rice, barley, and millet as well as feed for meat-producing animals. They provide, through direct human consumption, just over one-half (51%) of all dietary energy; rice provides 20%,[6] wheat supplies 20%, maize (corn) 5.5%, and other grains 6%[citation needed]. Some members of the Poaceae are used as building materials (bamboo, thatch, and straw); others can provide a source of biofuel, primarily via the conversion of maize to ethanol.  Grasses have stems that are hollow except at the nodes and narrow alternate leaves borne in two ranks. The lower part of each leaf encloses the stem, forming a leaf-sheath. The leaf grows from the base of the blade, an adaptation allowing it to cope with frequent grazing.  Grasslands such as savannah and prairie where grasses are dominant are estimated to constitute 40.5% of the land area of the Earth, excluding Greenland and Antarctica.[7] Grasses are also an important part of the vegetation in many other habitats, including wetlands, forests and tundra.  Though they are commonly called "grasses", groups such as the seagrasses, rushes and sedges fall outside this family. The rushes and sedges are related to the Poaceae, being members of the order Poales, but the seagrasses are members of order Alismatales. However, all of them belong to the monocot group of plants. Go touch grass lmfao damn traitors 🇺🇸
Those losers actually sent you death threats? Damn, that is the fattest L I have seen today
STATES RIGHT TO DO WHAT??
A hurr durr i uh i took apsuh so i know about this
This is a real Straw Man Goobus. The Civil war did have a lot more context around it than just Slavery and if you're interested I can discuss it with you if you see this comment. :) But yes ultimately Confederacy Bad.
lol
To govern themselves
I can’t believe that some guy on twitter drew a wojak of your avatar on a noose, with rotten teeth, if that isn’t degenerate then I don’t know what is
This is cringe..stick to what you know kid.. The civil war was more complicated then people think. Low hanging fruit.
Damn I always forget the annoying orange is somehow still around 😂
Get Douglas'D is the best thing I've ever heard
I live in Iowa. I see confederate flags. Motherfucker we fought for the union what the fuck are you even doing
Are we gonna ignore how Doobus drew Lincoln as his Clone High form
The union dixie song is quite catchy not gunna lie
tenesee earnie ford song
no they werent
I should note that it was more than just states rights to own slaves, but other states rights and also their sovereignty in the union as a whole Like yeah racism is bad but it was more than just racism that caused it
As someone from the south and who has family who worship the confederacy… this is the funniest thing I’ve seen in a while 😂
Yes there's more to it than slavery, it's how easy it was to make money because of slaves.  Money is evil. Fuck capitalism.
I remember one of my teachers in school trying to spout the "civil war wasn't about slavery" crap when i was younger. What a load of crap
My ancestors were Union soldiers. Destroying the Confederacy is my heritage.
Even skylanders lasted longer than the confederacy, fucking skylanders
Yeah no shit it was
Several States, including Texas, specifically said in their ordinances, or declarations, of secession, one reason leaving the Union was to preserve slavery. It was their multibillion-dollar cash cow. I mention Texas because I spent half my life there. They revered the Confederacy, and its leaders, to the point of sainthood. That General Lee and Jackson were virtually perfect men with no faults whatsoever. That the Union only won because they had more men and money. Yet, when you ask them 'What was the war about?' the answer is always 'State's Rights' and 'protecting our property!' Ask them 'what Rights and what property?' and they're stumped. I’ve even met people that decorate their vehicles with Confederate decals 'I'm a Rebel!' and all the Confederates rags they call flags. Then I laugh at them because all that stuff they're wearing is made in China, which shows how bad the Confederacy lost.
There many times in history where good men fight for the wrong reason of course u can be proud of ur Heritage these was broke farmers bravely fighting a uphill battle and still whooping ass for what they had a confederate soldier is one and the same with a Vietnam one
Most of these soldiers fighting could have never owned slaver its was a war about the rich every man that died didn’t do it for slaves they simply seen it as protection there country from tyranny the starters of the war where 1% elitist who made giant profits off of slavery so yes u can be proud of your legacy cause at the end of the day theses where men simply fighting for what they seen as freedom like it or not
"We have other concerns-" " and they should rightfully be ignored because you approve sl*very! Is like saying 'Bolsonaro did good things for Brazil' whe  facing the accusations of negligence and m*rdering people during Covid! It doesn't matter of he did 3 good things, if the other 80 things he did was dog s*it terrible to everyone. Supporting people that supports and do awful things, make you a awful person even if you don't fully support the awful thing"
The funny part about this is in my small town there is a confederate I mean they got two confederate flags in the backyard and two on your white work truck so me and my friends always make sure to yell something mean at their house hoping they’re in there and can hear us
On the other hand there was slavery on the other hand government control yes slavery was a big part but it was mainly for freedom even if they where wrong
I aspire to have this kind of energy to deal with those who wave the Incest Pride Flag
For a second there i thought that was Capt. K'nuckles
As a southerner I have more heritage in sweet tea AND I DON’T EVEN LIKE SWEET TEA
Good to see there are many Southern Union Loyalists here in the comments to fight back against their ignorant brethren
On Twitter some of the snowflakes offended by this video have started accusing you of being a pedo.  Of course they had no evidence. These people are unbelievably sensitive
This isn't particularly fair. YES, there were some people who fought for slavery. BUT, most people actually fought because they were afraid of the Federal government stripping them of their rights (Something we see happenign right now as we speak). That was on top of the fact that they had NO representation in the federal government.
Hmm. I do wish you used the actual CSA flag rather than the Virginia confederate battle flag. But meh
Real talk I had a coworker say "If our founding fathers were here today then they would surely have things to say"  And because of this video I nearly said "Something to say about what?"
I want this video to be shown in history class
I love how Abraham Lincoln's design is just the one from Clone high
People aren't cargo
The problem with this kind of messaging is when it’s used to argue against states rights TODAY.
I think there was other smaller shit they wanted to control with states rights but slavery was the big one
I love tge fact that Confederate Vice President Alexander Stevens literally said that the Founding Fathers founded the US on the equality of races, and their new Confederacy was founded on exactly the opposite ideals... If that don't make you love the USA even more, I don't know what will!
Based goobus
Ya know, it being out-lived by the annoying orange is one heck of an argument.
I swear we moving backwards no fucking way this is controversial 😭
That annoying orange part took me out 😂
As a black man myself i find it funny and messed up that people still wanna support slavery these are some shitty times where living in.
States rights: Yeah, cool!  Slavery: What the fuck
If you’re ever loosing an argument about the confederacy, bring up the fact that the annoying orange lasted longer. That’s the ultimate ratio.
Not so fun fact the North was not fighting to abolished slavery for the benefit of slaves. It was so that the South aka the confederacy could not continue to build an economy and financial power off of the currency of slaves. They want to tank it but still did not want black ppl to have the same rights and treatment as white ppl. After the war, black ppl were appointed many offices in government, given land, and other things as a performative effort because after the North left nothing was enforced so everything was taken back and things went back to their horrible state.
Anyone who owns that flag, yeah your career(s) just ended right when it got to the orange part 🤣🤣
God this being posted on twitter was a TREAT
Southerners now: “iT’s aBoUt sTaTe’S rIgHtS!” Southerners then: “It was about slavery.”
Oh my god I've been saying the exact same thing to people
that song is that
Anything on the internet can be controversial. No matter how trivial and inoffensive it is, there’s always going to be one person who loses their shit.  I once saw a video of a guy who made pasta with 10,000 eggs and donated the food he made to food banks. I left a comment calling him a good person, and someone in the replies called me a Karen. I’ll never understand.
Greatest video ever!
I died the moment he brought up the annoying orange
I completely understand that the confederacy wasn't nice but ya gotta understand that the north wasn't abolishing slavery entirely they were only abolishing it in specifically the southern states that seceded another thing to note is that the union didn't really have a justifiable reason to fight the southern states either they only used emancipation as a way to gain more support for the war and it really came down to who won cause if the southern states did win then Lincoln would probably be seen more as a dictator who started a war over something every state could do since it is the UNITED STATES of america not the STATE of america. In fact what's ironic is the whole war probably just dragged out discrimination in the south by 50 years more rather than actually fix the issue since the south was still dependent on farms for them to even be economically stable. Again let me be clear i don't support the confederacy in any way, but saying they are traitors gives the implication that the union were "angels" which wasn't the case.
my class made jokes about waving a confederate flag at graduation while playing dixie and marching sounds during the drive around. Wanna know what we actually played? Zavodila from mid fight masses and other random crap that had nothing to do with actually political standpoints. in other words: a lot of southerners joke about the confederacy nowadays
Its awesome living in a norther state and you still see confederate flags. Like dawg, you are on the wrong side of the 36°30′ parallelparallel to be repping those tratorious colors
whats the song at the end (im not american sorry if its obvious)
Spoken like a true Yankee
Bless you. May the Algorithm display this to EVERYONE.
John brown is a national hero, more than the founding fathers [slave holders]
states rights to do what? **sweating as if their state has some kind of heinous kink that doesn't bear the light of day**
May these hicks forever cope and seethe
I hate to be that guy but the confederates gave the union a run for its money during the war and we only won from size difference of our own army.
I feel the only reason goob made this cartoon to draw Abe Lincoln from clone high
😂
tru
facts
From a black veteran, I salute you for making this sir! Now if the rest of this country could follow suit!
rattlesnakes and alligators
"Slavery is evil" me watching in a device that is made by slaves, wearing shoes made my slaves, and wearing clothes made by children slaves
I want nothing but the best for you. I hope everything you want in life you succeed in. You're the real MVP.
GET DOUGLAS PMAOOO
Lmao you are getting waay too morally preachy dude, we all know slavery is bad but we still tolerate those who support the conderate states since that's their freedom of speech, regardless, I've talked to southerner folks that don't even support slavery and still celebrate the conferacy because that is part of their tradition and heritage, and I'd say they don't deserve to be mocked for it as you imply here. I swear you are one video away from preaching about the wonders of socialism next lol, lay off twitter for a bit.
Well I know I'm gonna get it for saying this but... My family fought for the south as well as my wife's. I do agree that slavery is and was wrong. However that's not why our families fought. We were too poor to really own slaves. Slavery was indeed one of the core values of the south, however there was quite a bit more to it than that. Not much point in me attempting to list them off if they're just gonna get shot down with a "but slavery." As far as the annoying orange thing. It hasn't lasted longer it's just been around. What's to last about some dumb meme. Actual sons of Johnny Reb are still more loyal to that fallin attempt at a country than a lot of "Americans" who are at each other's throat every day about the president being a senile old bat or their right to kill their unborn child. You know what that's another good point. Slavery was wrong but we live in a country now where it is legal to murder your own child and the left is trying to change to word pedophile to "minor attracted person" we can cast stones at each other all day but in the end no country is perfect. They're all run my evil men who are willing to sell their souls to get in power. The south may have been wrong for owning slaves but they still had a right to break off. We broke off from Great Britain and do we call Americans traitors because that's exactly what the South did.
This is like a 5th grade understanding about the civil war
Literally the best way to shut down idiots trying to defend the confederacy just say “states rights to do what”
i'm glad doobus can see the bullshit of the confederacy and the less potent bullshit of the union, its picking the lesser of 2 evils
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy:   -RuPaul’s Drag Race -Barack Obama’s presidency  -The Lifespan of the Wii U -Ghostbusters Cereal -MySpace -Microsoft Zune -Bionicle  -New Coke -The Development of Duke Nukem Forever
My favorite part is that Doobus isn't the one who says slavery first. The Grey guy was the one who brings it up by saying there was more to it than slavery. The grey one admits slavery first.
Feels like a straw man but the annoying orange roast was funny
The confederates wanted state rights to rule completely separate of the north and in some ways to rule different of one another aka they wanted to run each state like it’s own little country which I think would of been interesting
Jackson should have razed the south
as a Canadian, just watching this reminds me of the ideology that American was grown from, the NEED for freedom, but the stubbornness to share and make said freedom equal
Why is Abe from Clone High in this video?
*clear's throat* STATE RIGHTS TO DO WHAT?!
Remember, remember the 15th of November and Sherman's March to the Sea. I see no reason why the rag of Treason, should fly in the land of the free.
Anytime I'm in a "confederacy type" argument. I'm sharing this vid, thank you. I'm tired of arguing with them and you summed it up in a min and 23  secs. With todays attention span... SHOULD BE ENOUGH... hopefully.
Bad
confederation disstrack when?!
Andrew Johnson vetoed many reconstruction plans that benefited former slaves and pardoned multiple confederate officials allowing them return to office, leading to systematic racism
*cracks knuckles* Lets see who's the traitor tards in comments are....
*salutes*
Fuckin the original run of "dukes of hazard" used the flag for longer then the confederacy lasted and im willing to bet most people outside of the US know it from the show/movie then the short lived political movement.  If hitler can steal the meaning behind buddist symbols then a couple of red necks in a charger shoukd be able to claim the ownership of the flag
I like that your Lincoln design is based off of the Clone High Lincoln and I will never accept any cartoon depictions of Lincoln except for ones such as these from now hence forth.
Bruh the confederate got skilled issued so hard XD
I saw a truck that had a US flag and Dixie flag (which even isn’t the correct confederate flag) that’d like driving with the British and French flag, like bro pick a lane
You definitely strike me as a pretty dumb leftist most of the time. This just kind of cemented it.
Not to be that guy but at least put enough effort and use the correct flag of the confederacy.
I remember my teacher tried to convince me that it was a gray issue
Keep slaves
Funny thing is, industrialization would have made slavery obsolete in a few decades.  Whoops!
Yeah the confederacy mainly wanted to keep slavery intact due to most of the southern states economies being based on slave crops but also we need to point out that both the union and the confederacy did extremely terrible things especially General sherman who took scorched earth a little bit to literally
someone should make anatomical diagrams of your character
fernando alonsos f1 career lasted longer than the confederacy. 4 times longer. how.
At the time of the civil war, the South believed in servile interaction or as we would call it today, a race war would occur if the slaves are freed. When that didn't happen after the war, they felt really bad about it and to prove that the last 5 years of bloodshed wasn't for nothing. They added more reasons to why they succeeded. They'd say it wasn't just about slavery. It was about states, rights or oppression from the north and slavery but mainly the first two. This is known as the lost cause of myth and Atun shei films really good job of discussing it. Check him out.
Dem 'bolition boyz done gorked our toyz now da 'federate grots finna make sum noize
"im sure the Comments section to this video will be filled with healthy discourse and not at _AT ALL_ a fucking War Zo--"
bro ppl got mad for what??
Damn, my country doesn't really like our civil war, but based on Doobus, Americans HATED the other side
Being from Australia, I know very little about the American Civil War, besides the spoon fed pieces from TV and movies. Like one example is Apu from the Simpsons, talking about the nuances during his citizenship test, and the guy tells him to just say "slavery". Decided to do a quick Google search into the Confederacy and I don't think they had much self awareness. Like their anthem is "God save the South", which I imagine had no intention of being basically the same title as Britain's anthem. But in all seriousness, about 100 years prior you establish a country that prides itself on gaining independence, only to look at the North as the oppressor and say "we need a rebellion to create our own nation, but what should be our anthem?" And someone says, "God save the King" is a banger, what if we changed 'king' to 'south'? You think that could work?" The General gets angry at the suggestion, saying his ancestors didn't fight against the red coats, so they could copy their national anthem. Next second someone runs in and says, "Britain are supporting us in the war." The General suddenly places his hand on his chest and sings, "God save the South."
i think the worst part is you see confederate flags EVERYWHERE in union states nowadays. drives me up a wall to live in pennsylvania, one of the states that was originally HEAVILY OPPOSED TO CONFEDERACY, and walk outside and see it hung up in front of peoples garbage trailers or on their rinky-dink trucks. seriously. maybe move to a state that actually used to hold the same horrific values that you do, because i dont want to be anywhere near someone who even approachingly thinks slavery is or was okay. better yet. maybe walk into the deep ocean and never come back?
The safest take in the world yet people argue with you otherwise
Northern blue > Southern grey
To be fair you can argue that the Confederate's were honouring the wishes of the Founding Fathers. How so? Because a primary motivation for many was a) keeping slavery legal, b) using slave labour to increase private economic return outside of the purview of the British Empire and their trade policies, and c) it allowed significant control over the political outcome of any election due to the fact that slaves could vote but those votes were entirely under the control of the slave owners, obviously.  America was literally built by slavers, slavers, and outside of some idealists like Benjamin Franklin, most of the Founding Fathers probably would have agreed with the Confederate's seceding to maintain slavery, because it's exactly what they did...
Gotta love being from the state that started it all SC (this is sarcasm). It’s so ridiculous down here! There’s so many confederate losers
When you are compared to Annoying Orange and how it lasted long, you know you are into some deep stuff
sad thing is that there is an actual town who has a huge population of racists in the U.S., somehow, and the fact that Twitter like people and the hypocritical “BLM” focused highly on other things that are not even considered racist and canceling other cultures, fighting against rights that they already have in the U.S. yet they’re not even fighting against actual people who are racists, not defending other races as well
The fact that they use that particular flag is pretty confrontational. That design would be seen on the battlefield. The real confederate flags were the, “Stars and Bars”, the, “Stainless Banner”, and the, “Blood-Stained Banner”. If they wanted to talk about states’ rights, why do they use a battle flag to represent that ideal?
Once again, the bad guy is shown to be the real good guy in new light...
Y...your telling me the confederacy was not the guys who shot confeddy out of the cannons? Oh boy i have made bad life choices.
It’s my birthday today, and this was amazing so enjoy some money
The way I see it yes confederacy sucks and funnily enough that annoying orange outlived it but why do people mainly up north love to openly brag  about union winning the braggers aren't as better thinking that the civil war ended a few years ago
This is probably the best video I've ever seen in my entire life. I live in the south and every other person has a Confederate flag across the back of their truck.
you did it again si!r, BRAVO!!!!!..... anyone who flies the confederate flag is a traitor."The Stainless Banner" wasnt even their offical flag.  Its a tool of racism and not heritage as most claim it to be.
States rights to govern themselves. Not even a southerner and I know this. The Union wanted to force the South into one nation led by a one-nation federal government(exactly the sort of thing the Founding Fathers warned against, having lived under a monarchy).  If it was truly about about slavery then why didn't the North help go rebuild the South's economy without slavery so their states could remain independent? Rhetorical question, the answer is ij the first paragraph. Even Lincoln didn't believe blacks were or ever should be treated as equal to whites, he just saw an opportunity for good PR and a ton of support in his Presidency.
Great Vid.....however, you really chose the Unions version for the end credit? I mean really? that shit trash  Should've chosen "Johnny come Marching home" or something
I want a poorly drawn confederate flag that says “states rights to do what?”
DG felt like his videos are not getting enough nice comments
STATE RIGHTS FOR WHAT MF? STATE RIGHTS FOR WHAT?
My goth phase has lasted longer than the Confederacy by a factor of 10 years, and is still going
Apparently a "hot topic" in 2023 😅
actually the confederacy abolished the slave trade. slavery itself was still legal obviously but the intent was to get rid of it eventually. states rights to determine things like what kind of education, welfare, taxes, etc. been seeing a pushback recently thanks to covid and all the obvious over reach of the federal government.
Dayum Goobus.  Well said. You showed what it means to defend your position, as well as pointing out the facts of what the Confederancy was trying to achieve, albeit being short-lived.
Slavery really was the Main reason for the Confederacy's existence, other possible reasons are either insignificant or could have been fixed without war
Feckin’ traitors take the L lmao
"What next? Free them, and make them politically & socially, our equals? My own feelings will not admit of this; and if mine would, we well know that those of the great mass of white people will not" -Lincoln 8/21/1858 yeah i have  more quotes if you want to hear LMAO
The last two weeks I've been listening to Union Dixie so this is emensly funny to me
ThE cOnFeDeRaTe FlAg IsNt rAciST
I don't get people who have a confederate flag in their house. Like, why? What are you trying to support?
It's kinda funny; on almost every setting I'm critical of my country's history, and the actions it has taken.  But you throw in a Confederate or a Nazi into the mix, and I become the most jingoistic sonofabitch, waving a big-ass flag in one hand as I light fireworks with the other
thank you.... fuck someone had to say it, shit Phineas and Ferb outlived it and thats getting a revival next year with another brand new 40 episodes coming in summer 2024. take that Conservative, Republican motherfuckers
Sure the confederacy was bad, but the flag is stupid cool
The Union are gigachads
A lot of things lasted longer then the confederacy 😂
While a lot of history is grey, some people interpret that as being everything was actually ok
"The new constitution has put at rest, forever, all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar institution African slavery as it exists amongst us the proper status of the negro in our form of civilization. This was the immediate cause of the late rupture and present revolution. "  -The cornerstone speech.   Yeah it was about slavery.
Now listen, I am not into slavery, it was terrible. But the civil war was not over slavery, the us government rewrote the history books twice since the original story about it. I have two old books and my recent one from high school as proof. The confederate flag is not racist, but a sign of the south. Hell, there was whole black regiments for the African American community to fight with the south, and they did it voluntarily and for the love of the south.
the confederacy loves the two S's Slavery and Segregation
I like how the comment section is flaming alabama(?) i think? (Yes i know that's the confederate flag, they look similar)
Slavs are funny
the ending music has an opposing version called "dixie" the one goobus used is called "union dixie"
This should be part of the school syllabus 😅😅
The war wasnt about slavery, the confederacy wasn’t great but the union was worse
It's a shame that as a Southerner, we literally have so many better things to consider as part of our heritage and identity.  Guns, trucks, our "F*ck the government" attitude, Tex Avery, our food, etc., but for some godforsaken reason, some choose to use a tiny, four-year stint as our crowning achievement. I do not claim those people.  That being said, the original "Dixie" was simply written for a minstrel show as a love letter to the South, and I will continue to enjoy it unironically.
God Tier content.
This video is a masterpiece especially at the end
Bro I forgot the annoying orange existed
It didn't end there. They were just moved to prisons
Rip USA . CSA is the best flag
Id rather have slaves than criminals in jail sucking up dollars doing nothing
W
I would say, I respect the Confederates over the 2023 American who is cowardly and won’t fight anything
U.S. history buff here. If you buy into the confederacy your like every person right now who thinks billionaires are your friends because they say they will finally give you a 50¢ raise. Because that’s what it was. No regular guy owned slaves only the rich and powerful. Weird how history tends to draw parallels with the modern day huh.
“You know I don’t really like america” “Yeha same the the south wil-“ “THE FUCK DID YOU SAY TRAITOR!”
Reminder that the fps game tf2 has lasted approximately 4 times longer than the confederacy did (tf2s 16 years to the confederacys 4 years). If you get outlasted 4 times over by a video game you probably sucked.
I honestly scrunch up when I see a house with a confederate flag  🫥🧍🏾‍♀️it scares me
I view those who wear/fly the Confederate flag similar to those would wear/fly the hammer and sickle. Though at least the former is due to a mixture of ignorance, tradition, and general mistrust/disregard of the government. The latter is people somehow convincing themselves the propaganda of a failed nation is the way we should be running things while they type away online with their $3000+ laptop or phones while sipping a $15 "coffee."
I live in the the south and a few people still hold that flag like it did something in their life. I even had a neighbor who lived next to us had that flag, but that was like 13 years ago and the only person in that household that put that flag up was the father. Also, I do remember him calling me and my brother both “frijoles” and “wetbacks” as kids and then our southern mother heard him say these words to us and he was put in his place to STFU basically. Like honestly it’s crazy that few people where I live think this flag is to be praised of doing something good, but the quote, “ States right to do what?” Is the right question for anyone who has that flag or even thinks/ defends that the confederacy was a good thing for the south.
What I have learned is that the annoying orange is our real heritage!
*Union Dixie intensifies*   I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away)
No shit
Dude was speaking faster than the guy who just yells numbers when buying a shed
The CSA started the war by attacking federal positions and raiding army supplies. They fired the first shots. And not after the Union had ended slavery, but on the presumption that the Union would soon end slavery. So, like, what did you expect them to do, just be like "eh sure whatever that's fine, we weren't using those cannons and forts anyways, have fun being your own country." There was no legal framework for secession from the Union, it was just kind of assumed that a state could achieve de-facto independence through violent resistance to the federal government. So is that a good message to send - that's okay, you don't have to follow the laws of the federal government if you don't want to, you just have to kill our soldiers and raid our forts and then you get your way?   And its not about slavery amirite?
Well actually abraham wasnt gonna get rid of slavery. He only did it as a war tactic
I dont see the humor here. Also you need a history lesson. Before you leave the comments. I am impartial. Not american.
The Confederacy wanted states to operate almost as independent countries, down to each not holding a standard value of currency if not outright making their own currency. The "how" they tried to keep slaves is as important as the "why" as it gave a recognized justification (albeit a bad justification) to fight a war. "Slavery and decentralized authority" is a more appropriate answer, as the Union also has slaves but didn't do anything about them until rights were extended during the Civil War.
BASED YOUTUBER
Remember Democrats have always been the party of slavery, they just dress it now.
Wow Goobus way to point out the obvious, I mean come on if your gonna be political at least try and defend something other than a flipping tank. We get it, slavery was bad, try a little harder buddy.
One day, I'll eventually have the honor of receiving a death threat. One day.
Deep down south in the land of traitors rattle snakes and alligators ride away ride away ride away
Thank you for making this❤
The fact that you can be threatened for saying that slavery is bad says a lot about how pathetic some nutcases are. Never stop dude. Always remember you have our support every step of the way.🎉❤❤❤
The south should have won
It’s important to note that after the war, veterans of both sides had many reunions with each other, in which soldiers from both North and South largely saw each other as brothers again, albeit brothers who just finished fighting out their disagreements.  During that era, war was still seen as an “adventure”, and there was no greater honor than to fight for your home state against an outside “invader”. Most men who did the actual fighting had more in common with their counterparts on the opposing side than many realize.
get fredrick douglas'd
It has “con” and “fed” it in, sounds like a bag thing to me
As a European: Wow, 4 years? Its flag is still kept around with that short life span?
Doobus making the right kind of enemies, aw yeah. Dunkin on slavers now and forever.
"Let's sort comments by New, that wouldn't be a mistake!" -me, minutes ago
Now normally I’m not patriotic, but when dunking on the confederacy is involved, someone better turn on America fuck yeah,
The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 was a direct affront to free states' rights, what are these treacherous scoundrels talking about!?
But not everyone who believes in that supports slavery at all.
An American chastising someone else as treasonous is a bit rich coming from a nation founded on it.
The South wanted to own slaves. That's it. That's why they seceded. They didn't want anyone telling them they couldn't. And their hatred, bigotry, and narcissism continues to this day. I believe Lincoln's assassination allowed the ideology of the "Lost Cause" to survive Reconstruction.
Why is the end song mocking the south actually a good tune lmao
States rights to own slaves, a legal practice embodied in the constitution and reaffirmed multiple times in congressional deals and compromises.
yes the civil war was over slavery that is why Abraham Lincoln publicly in a senatorial debate in 1858 said "I have no purpose to introduce political and social equality between the white and black races. There is a physical difference between the two which, in my judgment, will probably forever forbid their living together upon the footing of perfect equality: and inasmuch as it becomes a necessity that there be a difference, I, as well as Judge Douglas, am in favor of the race to which I belong having the superior position. I have never said anything to the contrary" or you can look to General Sherman who in his march to the sea r*ped lynched and murdered free whites and black slaves and why he was also quoted as saying that slavery was good for black people. You see the Civil war wasn't fought over reason like I dont know high tariffs, disproportionate taxes, or underrepresentation it was fought over slavery, come on goobus even the Simpsons made fun of this braindead over simplification.
I dont know why but I find it so funny that Goobus’ mouth is moving so fast lmao
States rights to own slaves so their shitty underdeveloped economy could keep chugging along   All ties back to money, greed, and the feeling of power over others   Although feeling is an understatement
This wouldn't still be a conversation people had if Sherman had simply kept going
dem confedrates just sum dem good ole boys dey dind never do no harm to no one. (satire)
My Grandad, who I respect on most things as a history nerd, tried to tell me it was about taxes (we are from the south so he doesn't want his heritage to be racist and slavery filled) upon further research, I can tell you that he's fuckin wrong, taxes were A concern but the main one was slavery, as in to start, middle and end, people who argue against this do not know what they are talking about
Nuh uh
People who lived then are not here now, So pipe down about what you know nothing of.
The states had a RIGHT to secede from the union regardless of the reason
"States right to do what?"  Secede. Not every state seceded at the same time the first state to secede was South Carolina and they were the only state to secede at that time and had to see the peacefully until fort Sumter when Abraham Lincoln cent a full warship with orders not to fire just threatening enough to provoke retaliation but not enough to seem the arbiter  of the civil war. This action let all the other states to secede. Abraham Lincoln didn't care a thing about slaves if he did he would have freed slaves the minute he entered into office and not halfway through the five-year long war in fact multiple times before that point he was quoted as saying that blacks were inferior. Abraham Lincoln also jailed everyone of his political opponents and also destroyed every newspaper that was critical of him using the Secretary of States secret Police if you actually read the emancipation proclamation you will see that there are multiple states that were exempted from it
Ngl, the Union didn't survive the Civil War. The South was left to rot and decay without any support from a government that supposedly represented it, and the actions taken by the US government caused the KKK to form in response to what looks more like a foreign occupation than a re-establishment of unity. Also, without the Civil War, Lincoln probably wouldn't have abolished slavery, it was basically the lowest priority among Northern politicians and Illinois had even signed in approval of the originally proposed 13th Amendment which would have forbidden the illegalization of slavery by Federal means. I'm what folks down South would call a Yankee Sumbitch, but we'd be fooling ourselves if we were to portray the Civil War as anything other than a mockery of American values and the complete disintegration of the Constitution and the Union it established. After the war ended, the Constitution became null and void as any and all citizens were now viewed as potential rebels who must be disarmed or silenced.
I could just not say anything to the slavery defenders and still win the argument.   Their actions alones says it for me.
not a southerner or give a shit about the csa but there's such a lack of any sort of nuance here
There were actually a number of issues. Trade agreements, economics, the idea that they didn't want to be.basically controlled by the north because- I can't keep doing this. It was slavery, and fuck 'em.
Man that quote was not even all that political, really straightforward.
Should also show the actual confederate flag, not the Virginia battle flag. Georgia's state flag is the actual confederate flag but without the gold building inside the stars.
Agreed 100% on your side  Allso, THE STATES RIGHTS TO DO WHAT!!
Guys I’m not sure but I think the confederate party wanted slavery but that’s just what i think
How about tariffs? Taxation without representation. Even northern states voiced about leaving.  All this video does is confirms how stupid millennials and centennials are.
I’m so glad you taught me this history and helped end slavery forever you are an artist señor Doobus and I hope you make future collaborations with Frederick Douglass!
I gotta tell my slaves
actually i think the confederacy was good
I see a lot of people in the comments giving the old “Lincoln didn’t actually care about slavery, he just wanted to preserve the Union” argument. Chapter six of *Lies My Teacher Told Me* by James W. Loewen explains why that interpretation is totally wrong.  To summarize:  The Republican Party chose Lincoln over another presidential candidate for the 1860 election precisely because Lincoln was harder on slavery.  The quote where Lincoln claims that he would preserve the Union without freeing the slaves is almost always presented out of context. In context, Lincoln was writing a letter to the New York Tribune during a time when New York City was one of the largest white supremacist cities in the north. If he wanted to drum up Union support for the war, he had to downplay the importance of ending slavery. Even so, in the same letter, he does state that ending slavery is his personal wish.  He also desegregated White House staff and opened the White House to Black callers, such as Frederick Douglas.  The Emancipation Proclamation was actually politically risky and cost Lincoln’s party control of congress the following November, which contradicts the idea that Lincoln only gave the speech as a shrewd political move and not because he passionately cared about ending slavery, which he did.  Was Lincoln ideologically perfect? No. But anyone who tells you that Lincoln was indifferent to slavery is either wrong or actively lying.
As an italian i say Confederacy deez nuts in slavers mounth
This should get more views.
My go to example is usually fidget spinners.
Don’t mean to sound like I’m defending the confederacy, but slavery was the main thing supporting their economy, which is one of the reasons they didn’t want to lose it
Ninjago Ben 10 and Tom Hollanders run as Spider-Man lasted longer than the Confederacy
This is the equivalent of saying. "The holocaust was about German rights."
Technically, they seceded when the president that wanted to contain slavery was elected, which is arguably even worse.
The annoying orange is my heritage 😞You may not like it, but its mine and I'm proud!
Boring title.
The Confederacy was a feudal-like contradiction to the North's rapidly developing capitalism. It could not have lasted very long, regardless of military action by the North against it. The South is still behind economically thanks in part to this old backwardness. It's very sad because now the Southern working class is the most immiserated in the United States.
Just remember slavery still exists today. In africa, in asia, europe, even in the states. People just focus to much on the past and then demand reparations when it had nothing to do with them. (Blks)
As a proud daughter of the South, lemme tell you this...  We need to get Sherman back. Please god, we need another cleansing fire and then to finish Reconstruction. It sucks here.
0:40 Lincoln wanted to prevent the spread of slavery, not remove it. But I guess to the southerners that was the same thing, so fair enough.
If you could do one for “that” germany too, that would be great.  We don’t have that many idiots here in Deutschland that support it, but uh.. yeah, the USA has a lotttt
I like how in Shovalwares Brain Games, they have a question talking about The Confederacy and they also make fun of it only lasting 4 years, calling it “their little temper tantrum”
The confederacy was good
and now we are all slaves, man, women, child, black and white!!! kinda makes you wonder what really happened during the civil war - its as if the people who win the wars write the history.  but yes, im going to enjoy all this "freedom" I have here paying taxes, using a worthless ever inflating dollar, and looking forward to a future of living in a pod and eating bugs.  get bent you controlled dimwit.
based and freedom pilled
If you disliked this you are a bad person
And in 100 years people will be defending the capitol riot in the exact same way
On a technicality yes, however as the north defying a supreme court ruling in Dredd Scott was a major catalyst the north would in fact have been on the side of states rights
This video makes me want to go out and burn as many stainless banners as I can whilst blasting The Star Spangled Banner at 90+ decibels
Def not a confederate supporter, but there was certainly cultural differences between the north and the south. You have to remember that in the north a lot of the descendants came from Puritans from the 1600s as well as many immigrants from multiple European nations. Where is the south was primarily Scottish and English of Anglican dissent. Slavery 100% was a part of it, there is no argument about that, but you also have to remember that there was several border states who cited with the union that were also slave states such as Delaware and Maryland, even though they did have individuals within that state that were split on the issue and actually did fight for the confederacy. There was also taxation on Southern goods as well and they were cultural differences all the way back to the American revolution where many southerners actually were pro loyalist more so than in the north, and during the war of 1812, there was far more supporters in the south, then there was the New England to fight the British. There was also the thought of manifest destiny were mini Northerners were afraid at the south would expand slavery into new territory taken from Mexico. Also, you have to remember that by 1860, the slavery was still an issue, only 12% of southerners owned slaves, and even a smaller percentage out of that owned massive plantations. Within the world, slavery was dying off, even Brazil got rid of their slaves in 1883, which was 18 years before slavery within the United States, ended. In regards to the union and the emancipation proclamation, it only freed the slaves within the rebel held states, states who had sided with union who had slaves had kept their slaves until the 13th amendment after the war in 1865.
Idk call me crazy but people owning slaves or being pedophiles are not good people. Thats just me though...
Yeah, it was all about slavery. The states rights was a thing, but it was not the main reason why the South revolted. I’m sure a lot of confederate soldiers hyped themselves up with the whole states rights stuff, but ultimately it was all about slavery.
Look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife I mean the bare necessities, old mother nature's recipes That bring the bare necessities of life Wherever I wander, wherever I roam I couldn't be fonder of my big home The bees are buzzin' in the tree To make some honey just for me When you look under the rocks and plants And take a glance at the fancy ants, then maybe try a few The bare necessities of life will come to you They'll come to you! Look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife I mean the bare necessities That's why a bear can rest at ease With just the bare necessities of life Now when you pick a paw-paw or a prickly pear And you prick a raw paw, well, next time beware Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw When you pick a pear try to use the claw But you don't need to use the claw When you pick a pear of the big paw-paw Have I given you a clue? The bare necessities of life will come to you They'll come to you! Oh man, that's really livin' So just try and relax, yeah, cool it Fall apart in my backyard 'Cause let me tell you something little britches If you act like that bee acts, uh uh You're working too hard And don't spend your time lookin' around For something you want that can't be found When you find out you can live without it And go along not thinkin' about it I'll tell you something true The bare necessities of life will come to you Look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife (yeah man!) I mean the bare necessities That's why a bear can rest at ease With just the bare necessities of life Yeah, with just the bare necessities of life (yeah man!)
The Wii U outlasted the confederacy   1551 days for the Dixie Boys  1566 days between the Wii U launch and Breath of the Wild.
*This man shows simple logical analysis on a topic that should be in no way controversial* *flame war begins in twitter* *me stuck in a corner, wanting desperately to say my piece that is in support of his points yet not willing to argue fervently on this topic because i really should be doing more productive things*  I will admit, the lack of discord in the comments section was a nice breath of fresh air! You have a wonderful and supportive fanbase Doobus!
Slavery in the United States was never abolished, it was outsourced.
I'll say it, they were on to something. We should have picked our own cotton. It was also kind of messed up, imagine saying to your partner who says they want a break up that you'll beat them up if they try to leave.
Things that outlived the confederacy:  Gran Turismo (has lasted for 26 years and still going)  PlayStation 2 (lasted for 13 years)  Xbox (has lasted for 22 years and still going)  Nintendo Switch (has lasted for 6 years and still going)  My Hero Academia TV series (has lasted for 7 years and I think is still going)  Studio Liverpool (lasted for 12 years)  Lego (90 years and still going)  Moving Shadow (33 years and counting. I actually didn’t know they were still out there)  Hospital Records (27 years and going strong)  Gay marriage in the United States (8 years and will hopefully continue racking up years indefinitely)  Markiplier (YouTuber for 11 years and counting, currently making a sci fi horror movie)  Forza Horizon (11 years of filling in for TDU, here’s to the coming years of competing with it)  Halo (22 years of needing a weapon and ongoing)  Star Wars (46 years of inconsistent quality, still continuing)  Gundam (44 years of nobody knowing wtf is going on, and we will continue to be confused for many years to come)  Nintendo 3DS (11 years of damaging our eyes with a fun gimmick)  McLaren (38 years officially, but really has been around since the 50s)  Forza Motorsport 8’s development cycle (6 years, body thing is finally releasing)
Can we please get the annoying orange listed on the adls hate speech website immediately!
Slavery was something that's been going on since, purhaps the cavemen days. and we're finally out of that shit hole.
Y'know they say if u whisper "State rahTs" in the mirror 3 times, the ghost of William Sherman will show up in ur house  To burn it the FUCK down😂
Bro, which schools aren't teaching this? I just wanna talk🙂👊
As a full blooded southern American I support this fully. The confederacy was a failure from its conception
Holy shit, Goobus is an Atun Shei enjoyer. I have never felt more vindicated in my entire life.  Down with the traitors, up with the star!
I got a saying, a people's heroes are another people's villains. Just look at otto von bismark or genghis khan. Now I have to look at my framed picture of francisco franco.
True American
In the south I always see confederate flags on cars, and I bet they would say something like pride of the south or states rights. Im going to start putting swastikas all over my stuff to show that I support peace and solidarity.
The fact that the Wii U outlived the Confederacy is hilarious. And both ended up being hated in retrospect.
What's even funnier is that the confederacy was only supported by britain and not even for that long since literally all of europe supported the union
“…fighting for states rights”  A WILD GOOBUS APPEARED
Fast fact: Slavery is technically Constitutional.   Section 1 of the 13th amendment:  Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
By the same logic, you could say that the entire human race is invalid because a segment is racist. Any argument can be countered with "Well part of the human race is racist, so nothing else you say matters."  Which is humorously the plot of a lot of apocalyptic shows/movies.
In my personal opinion it's *ON SITE* for anyone I see flying the Confederate flag in _current year_ .   If you're flying that flag you forfeit the right to have teeth.
Reddit tier politics
You’re only just now coming out and saying this? Bet you were a supporter in the past, kinda Sus ngl
You know its funny I once dated a white girl once who had a giant confederate flag in her room😅 at the time my dumb black ass didn't know what it. I just thought it was just fancier United States Flag or something and she never mentioned anything about it but for some reason everytime I stared at it I would get an uneasy feeling.... I still gave her the BBC world news and she was being kinda weird and obsessive and wouldn't stop calling me so I blocked her😛
this sounds like the arguments:  well the mayan and aztecs did human sacrafices and the natives were cannibals so catholic missionaries and the conquistadors were good.  or the savage tribes need our superior anglo light and technology
wow everything he said was wrong lol
Fun fact: the Mega Man Legends series lasted longer than the Confederacy.
I really, really don’t like the fact that saying slavery, Nazis, etc. are bad has become controversial in the past several years. I think we all know who to thank for that.
Certified banger Mr Goob
i dont even ready yankee history, what could they ask for besides slavery?
You gotta admit the flag design goes hard
Except Abraham Lincoln didn't care to abolish slavery. He only did it as a wartime tactic. That as a arresting journalists he didn't like, pushing confederates into war through making it look like he was going to attack, among other things that were unbelievably fucked up. On top of that, many southerners were seeking the abolishment of slavery as well. The only problem was they didn't have things like tractors to replace slaves and the economies they were competing against by and large used slavery. Putting together a shitty strawman of the southern point of view doesn't change that the result of the civil war was far less than good and you don't have to believe slavery is a good thing (like many southerners didn't believe slavery was good) to think the south at least had a point.
That’s what I’ve been saying.
Fuck yeah Douglass!
See one cool thing the confedracy brought was a cool song from the north.
Confederates were the Democratic Party
As someone who lives in the state sherman did his march, I like to say this to all of those who still support the confedarcy: he should have gone futher while blasting annoying orange to further put salt in the wound.
It’s sad to know that my country used to be part of the confederacy, but I do know the confederacy was wrong about slavery, and that every man has equal rights 🇺🇸
That isn’t the confederacy flag that they used during this war that’s the Alabama state flag, which resembles or represents rebellion or rebelling against law and order which I could see why people get confused on it
GOD BLESS THE ANNOYING ORANGE RAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
You fell off tbh
Jefferson Finis Davis that founded the confederacy was also apart of the Democratic Party.  VOTE LIBERTARIAN
Like how when a racist black start saying shit like the confederate flag is a symbol of slavery, but when you bring up that like 90% of the armed forces were white. All of a sudden it was about states rights.
The South will rise again
I'm surprised at how much American patriotism Goobus showed today
John Brown’s body lies a-moldering in the grave John Brown’s body lies a-moldering in the grave
Some people say that the "States Rights" were more or less to "Self Governance"in other words to secede at will if they don't like how things are handled or something about import taxes but those don't seem to hold any weight. Personally I think those are pretty poor excuses when you really think as to why they wanted to "Self Govern". Personally the only real way I think States should be allowed to just separate is if the Federal Government is straight up violating the constitution with impunity and not for poor excuses trying to cover something like slavery.  Also side note calling it the Civil War is technically inaccurate from a definition stand point, as a Civil War typically means two opposing groups fighting for control of the entire country. Here the Confederacy was seceding so its more or less just a Rebellion rather than a Civil War.
I could have participated in two civil wars in the time I’ve been waiting for Elder Scrolls 6
After seeing this, capitalism is starting to sound like slavery... but paid
I pledge allegiance to The Annoying Orange
Great video!
Irony is the not so black and white was referring the skin color of the person who owns the plantation, I know this because of my Cherokee ancestors fought for the “states rights” of the Confederacy and if you look up “confederate Cherokee” and see a black and white picture of tanned men sitting near a confederate flag he’s literally in the second row third from the right, not saying his name because some yank might defile his and his wife’s graves :3
When the "country" you're defending printed money with, literally, black people picking cotton on it; you should be able to admit the American Civil War was about slavery
Erm, what the deuce? Doobus getting political? 😳
Just gotta watch it on YouTube after watching it on Twitter just to make sure it's just as perfect and beautiful.
Safe edgy
I can't wait to see Razorfist address your...video.
Well yes, the issue of what started the Civil War is complex. The South was feeling left out from the mass industrialisation of the North, and Feared that the North old economicly and politically overshadow them, they were worried that the North would harm the cotton industry which is a core part of the Southern Economy, and etc.  But they still stood on the same issue over slavery, and the fact that they feared an economicly powerful North would take over federal politics, ending up with the Federal Goverment banning slavery to harm Southern businesses should be telling enough.  Like yes, they issues were complex. But if you actually follow them, they all lead to the same core issue, And that is *Slavery*
Hope your all enjoying the electronic devices your using😉
Confederates were always the good guys
Slavery was the most expensive stunt (money and culturewise) to ever pull.
The north was very racist, but at least they didn’t have slaves
To be fair, the northern states didn't care about black rights. Fredrick Douglass encountered the same racist attitudes in the north. It wasn't about abolishing slavery. Even Lincoln didn't care about blacks. It was about expanding territory and the economy.   Slavery was impeding America's expansion and hampering the economy. Lincoln and the north would have preferred shipping the blacks back to Africa but couldn't get away with it.  This was my major in college.
<3
I’m sure lots of republicans hate this lol.
I love the Clone High-esque design of Lincoln lol
Slavery still exists today in America it just took on a new form with extra steps.
FACTS
And?
Fun fact  The CSA army had a horrific desertion rate because of its war effort being so unpopular and government nationalization for the war was so damaging. Beyond just slavery, it was a war effort specifically in the interests of large scale slaveholders who did not respect the property rights of anyone else, and who were themselves effectively exempt from any military service.  If you were a southern slaveholding aristocrat you didnt even have to contribute to the war effort at all, whereas if you were a farmer with a small homestead you were liable to have all of your livestock seized, your farm ransacked for food, your clothes taken for soldiers, your children drafted into the CSA army, and your house used to, well, house the CSA, all only repaid with a currency that had no value whatsoever and was hyperinflationary, if you were repaid at all.
On one hand, i'm not american, so i don't know anything about this, but you stated the facts so thats alright On the other hand, there's my phone, i'm holding it right now.
the fact that they keep waving the flag of the side that lost MISERABLY is actually funny
Why is slavery evil?
I'll need to remember the annoying orange metric.
The "but it's my heritage" was too true 💀
Funfact Cans of Tuna can literally last longer than the existence of the confederacy
aparently the flag everone knows is not even the same flag they actually used so it wa so weak that not even the flag used by the idiots who defend it is the right one
Not to advocate for slavery or Confederate values but America has also really gone down the shitter and still uses slavery of all colors in prison systems in which a system to re-habilitate  a hurt or corrupt individual is also evil and immoral... slavery never died in america it was only compromised, and the only reason I made this dumb ass comment is because if a state wishes to free itself from the chains of a evil nation it should have the right to do so but alas the south dropped the ball and allowed america to say "no to freedom" the very thing america was based on... but y'know we all live in a stranglehold that is inverse-America just take one look at the current laws and Bills and it's easy as day to see 😅 still love and value your videos goob but the point here is from negligent pride and is annoyingly mute (also come at me I'm Texan yee yee mother fucker)
Lol Twitter loves to prove Doobus’ point. And now they’re telling him to go off himself like internet bigots
Calling in General Tubman on these bigots.
It only just occurred to me that the Southern Rebel History Man Guy™️ is, himself, the color grey, as were the Confederate soldiers' uniforms. I don't know if that was intentional or not, but that's kinda clever!
*Get Burnin' Sherman'd* I love confederates gettin' dunked on.
Love this!
They didn't secced because they wanted to keep slavery....but BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO EXPAND IT! The south was run by oligarchs and some of the more insane(honest?) wanted a return to monarchy and end the "Enlightment era folly".  ...Enlightment....Woke....Desantis funneling public pensions funds into Private Equity Investment groups that happens to donate to him....  Oh dear....
That was hilarious Then i Remember that the US found and still finds ways to do in some cases even whorse
As a Brazilian, I couldn't understand a single bit of information presented on this video, Wich made everything way better
I mean it’s funny but could you use the correct flag.  Also to answer the question outside of slavery it was the state right to not be forced to industrialize at the expense of their already dying economy due to the inability to grow a large enough yield to afford literally anything.   A cotton mill was far more then the farmers or plantation owners could afford.
counter-point: black people
Therapist: Long necked Goobus isnt real, he cant hurt you Long necked Goobus: 0:57
I love you so much dude
Clap Clap Clap.....Teeeennn(10)
The fact that this exists implies that there are American people existing today who genuinely don't know, or perhaps even don't believe, what the Civil War was about, and that fucking worries me to no end.
technically if the confederacy didn't exist BLM would exist or would it be the other way around?
1:15 Average Twitter Users Vs Based Doobus Goobus Content Enjoyer.
yes its bad but I come here for the funny, not to be lectured. If I wanted a lesson in american history I'd watch a historians youtube channel, not a meme animator.   in the words of david spade, "I'm already depressed, I want you to make me shiny and happy".
Heck yeah, goobus.
List of things that lasted longer then the confederacy  The WiiU The Nintendo DS The Nintendo 3DS The Nintendo 3DS eShop The Wii The Wii’s online support  Xbox One Xbox One online store The PS4 The WiiU eShop The Annoying Orange Pokémon Go! Pikmin The Gameboy  GBA GBA SP SNES NES  Chuck E Cheese Toys “R” Us MCDonalds Obama’s Presidency  Minecraft Legacy Editions Minecraft Java Edition  Minecraft Bedrock Edition  And finally The Nintendo Switch
Wasn't it just a power struggle between north and south with slavery abolition (thankfully) thrown into the mix?  Lincoln stated "I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races" as part of his campaign in 1858 Confederates are dumb sure, but no side was on "the right side" of history
Now this...this is art
I love how you in one video criticize SJWs for bashing MrBeast for curing people of their blindness, and in this you criticize conservatives in the South for trying to defend the Confederacy after all the atrocities it committed against humanity.
Ah yes, the land of Racism,Homophobia and dumb people 😂
Facts over feelings, dixieheads 😎
Goobus, i subscribed, watched and liked every upload including shorts just for pooh, btw this slavery s*** is annoying.
I believe some went to brazil
how long it took to make up that argument in your head?
Southern States: "We want our states' rights!"  Northern States: "Oh, so you are against the Supreme Court's ruling on the Dred Scott case?"  Southern States: "No. No. No. No. You see, we support OUR states' rights, even when we're in your states."  Northern States: "...... How is it that people who do that much mental gymnastics every moment of their lives are also so mentally unfit?"
and most slavery supporters were democrat too lol
Lincoln said he would have kept slavery as president if it kept the union together, just as he would abolish it as president if it kept the union together. Neither here nor there but his goal wasn't to abolish slavery at the onset of his presidency, he just had a strong distaste for it and the south believed he would abolish it so they seceded upon his election.
Just like it’s state rights to ban anything LGBTQ now. That’s simply about freedom and the right to oppress— er, respect religious freedoms!!
I love this is trending right now. Doobus is a legend !!!
okay, this is a potentially controversial opinion, There are 2 places where a Confederate flag should be allowed to be displayed without interruption. 1: a civil war era cemetery, and 2: a museum. That's is it.
I love that you used the clone high Lincoln lmao
Obviously supporting the State's right to friendly fire your own general at night because your troops are idiots. I'm Irish, not American, and even I get wet for Sherman.
Common union W
Wasn’t there an agreement the north didn’t keep and then the south seceded, and then ‘ol Abe was like: “What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more Baby, don't hurt me, don't hurt me No more What is love? Yeah No, I don't know why you're not fair I give you my love, but you don't care So what is right and what is wrong? Gimme a sign What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more Whoa, whoa, oh Whoa, whoa, oh Oh, I don't know, what can I do? What else can I say? It's up to you I know we're one, just me and you I can't go on What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more Whoa, whoa, oh Whoa, whoa, oh What is love? What is love? What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more Don't hurt me Don't hurt me I want no other, no other lover This is our life, our time If we are together, I need you forever Is it love? What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more Yeah, yeah Whoa, whoa, oh Whoa, whoa, oh What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more What is love? Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more (whoa, whoa) Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more (whoa, whoa) Oh baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me No more What is love?”
To not be the federal government's bitch.
Let them make their little country. Let's give them one state. It's a small target.
Rise above it, but never ever forget what horrible thing they fought for, and especially never let confederacy supporters ever forget that either
Fun Fact, most of the confederate that lost moved to Brazil and still live there to this day.
This is why I always vote against the party that founded the confederacy. 🤣
Two Words: Corwin Amendment.
Reading the comments, Maybe Miguel was wrong, he tryna save a universe where blue archive players and the goobers in the comments exist
People who support slavery should try being a slave for a few years.
The whole point of the confederacy was to show that regardless of how you felt morally about what states did with their laws, you could either live in a different state, or vote to change it. If anyone ever thought the Union were just some Marvel superhero good guys that woke up wanting slavery gone one day then you dont know history. Soldiers fighting for the South were fighting to be a Virginian or a South Carolinan, they didnt get themselves killed so they could have free labor. Simply read the memoirs of the CSA soldiers and generals
*STATESRIGHTSTODOWHAT*
I agree with this but the neck tho it haunts me
so we gonna talk about 0:39 or nah
As a non American, I never understood why the US allows anyone to wave a separatist flag, something most other nations don't allow.
I love this country, which is exactly why I hate the confederacy. As a citizen of the United States it is my job, and most likely your job to point out the flaws in our history and strive not to repeat them. Use the sins of our fathers as a lesson in what not to do. Slavery is one of, if not, the biggest NOT TO DO of our nations history. Be a union supporter and accept diversity and basic human rights damn it.
"They prevented you from doing what?"   Nothing. Lincoln had promised not to abolish slavery. The Southerners seceded  because they were afraid he was lying. It was only as the war progressed and Lincoln was looking for further support that he finally embraced abolition as a cause. So even the idea that the Southerners rebelled because the Northerners tried to boss them around isn't really true.
Inaccurate, Mr Southern Guy would have talked over Mr Neon Green the whole time he talked and ignored him
NO WAY???!! Next thing you know we're gonna find out the heckin Nazis were bad guyz too! I need Dr Who to go back in time and punch one for me! 😤
I had a goldfish that lived longer than the Confederacy. Learn something new everyday
The union version of the dixie song is stellar, really.
Based
What's the Song's name in the end?
Let’s be honest, most people who have a confederate flag hanging around don’t want slavery back (which is why they desperately insist that the confederacy wasn’t about that.). Instead, they keep it around because they dream of refusing to do what the US government says, and fighting them off when they come on down to make them do what they say.  Unfortunately for everybody, the most famous example of someone trying that was the racist assholes who only lasted 5 years. Oh, and the US government allowed them to have war memorials for the confederates, which may have given the impression that the US were sorta okay with what they did. Oops!
Mmmhmmmmmmmmm
The fact that some people are willing to defend something that they where never sround for isbso fucking stupid.
Proof slavery is evil? Can you provide any compelling, logically consistent argument for slavery being evil? The founding fathers owned slaves, so I doubt they would consider the confederacy evil or traitorous. Furthermore, should the character of all nations (most of them) that have ever practiced slavery historically be erased and pride in them banned?
The argument of states rights is disingenuous for one simple reason. The Slave-States wanted the Free-States to enforce fugitive slave laws. Ignoring the rights of the Free-States to not enforce those laws.
Nice history lesson lol
YES, Atun-Shei plug! That dude is incredible
Long live the confederation
States rights to do what?!
I think that probably the greatest point against the CSA that at the end of the day you could be fighting for a hundred different reasons but as soon as you fight for slavery it doesn’t matter anymore
To ceed from the North, doesnt matter if it was to keep slavery or not. If you give so kuch of a damn about slavery maybe you should make a video on the slave trade in arab nations. Ya know. The one thats still ongoing....  Besides, the confederacy would have ended up abolishing it eventually anyways, entitely because you cant tax a slave.  Go ahead and downvote me. I wont see or care anyways.
I wish I could show this to people who still love the confederacy and just see there reactions 😂
🎶 away down south in the land of  traitors rattlesnakes and alligators ride away ride away come away 🎶
This is totally me whenever I see some hicktown resident in Michigan flying the flag of traitors in the bed of their rusty ass 95 Ford
Words can't discribe how much I appreciate your art 🙏💖 !
On one hand, confederacy bad because slavery, on another hand, union bad because of burning down multiple states. I really don’t like either side.
It's true that history is gray when it comes to most things. In this case, it's not because the Confederacy wasn't bad, but because the Union wasn't good. Despite the fact that they fought for ending slavery, black people continued to be systematically oppressed and basically slaves until the 1960s. It just wasn't explicitly stated in the law anymore.
What's funny is that Lincoln said he was open to the idea of abolishing Slavery before thr war happened. Then the South overreacted and started the war and even then the North was still more worried about the South breaking off because they cared about the fact theyd lose all that cotton and other goods that let America compete on the global market than they did about the slaves. It took Frederick Douglas to tell Lincoln that if he made the focus  on freeing the slaves they'd not only get more troops from the runaways, but it would also cripple the South's economy as without the Slaves, the plantations would be struggling to produce the goods necessary to trade with the European Powers who would have given them what they need to keep fighting.   If the South hadnt tried to break off, Slavery would have still been a thing, there just would have been laws about not enslaving children, the introduction of slave wages, segregation for education, and such. Slavery would eventually die out but it probably would have been much later on in our history, probably around WWI or even WWII at the most extreme.
“Get Douglas’d” I’m dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
so stunning and brave. More brave takes such as nazis bad coming up next.
Fun fact abe lincoln aint give a shit bout slaves
110% fuck anyone who associates with the confederacy
I like how they talk about the grey and then just give you the answer that the fight was for "states' rights", a very not so grey answer
It was about state’s rights. A state’s rights to own slaves.
to own slaves aka regulate its own matters plus bible never condemned slavery
hows it feel to have your ass kicked by the north
While I don't like the annoying Orange the fact that it lasted longer then the Confederacy is funny as hell.
I still hold on to the belief that if the emancipationists were allowed to handle it the race relations today in America would've been in a better state.  That being said, yes it was about slavery
Damn thats crazy, Google can you tell me the percentage of slave owners in the northern states compared to the southern states prior to the Civil war ? What they were practically the same ? No this can't be right, Google can you tell me who had the higher percentage of blacks in their army during the war ? Wait wait that's not right. Google one more thing who had the highest conscription rate of refugees from Europe who barely spoke English to didn't know why they were being given a gun to fight a war they didn't know was happening
Just so you know Germany lasted 11 days longer in WWI then the CSA was a country.  Heck the Articles of Confederation lasted longer than the Confedercy.
Can't totally blame the confederates... it was the Africans that's sold their brothers to them. And majority of slave holders were J×wish. That's an actual fact on the .gov civil war site...
Think what you will, I find the actual taking up arms against the government to be their only endearing quality. Definitely had more passion, despite their cause, than most of the "anti-establishment" cats out there nowadays.
Giga Chad Goobus
I wonder why the Union didn't ban slavery in their own states if they were convinced the war was about slavery. 🤔
I went to the Spy Museum in DC a few years ago. They had an exhibit on the spies of the Civil War. A kid and his dad walked in while I was looking at the stuff, and the kid was asking questions to his dad about it. At the end, the kid asked, "So the good guys won?" And his dad responded, "Well, to a certain point of view." I thought my brain was gonna melt. I wanted to be like "NO, THE GOOD GUYS WON. THE SOUTH WAS FIGHTING FOR SLAVERY, YOU HORRIBLE EXCUSE OF A PARENT!!" But I respectfully walked away.
State’s rights to deny the humanity of any demographic that isn’t a straight white man. 😂
Based and logic pilled.
Reminder to use the confederate cross as TP
Lets gooo! Goobus is based!
Bobby Horton's union dixie 🎉
States right to own slaves... Got a problem with slaves??? What did salves ever do to you??? Wow how rude... (This is a joke internet)
i love the marching in front of the us flag
It's also funny to consider the differences between a federation and a confederation is that a confederation imposes central law over all the states that make it up whereas a federation allows for laws to differ by state.
I’m from the south and I agree with you
0:41 Nice Clone high reference
Tutorial: How to make a strawman 101
Goobus voicing the confederate sounds really like an actual confederate
just wait till american liberal type people hear that western countries are the only ones who've ended slavery and bringing it up within their own psychotic american bubble doesn't do anything if you peepole really hated slavery you would talk about it globally and not about something that happened 150 years ago and it wasn't all about slavery, it's not hard to understand friends from across the water
Yeah the Confederacy and Slavery are blatantly evil, but let's not forget the Civil War was about government overreach in general.
Normalize calling confederate sympathizers traitors
“States rights to do what?”  Own property obviously.                         Obvious /s
State's rights to secede from the union.
Recently found out about Sherman’s 23rd corp battle flag, it was created by the 98th Illinois volunteers out of scraps of all the confederate flags they had burned and destroyed while burning their way to Atlanta.
I just wanna say the flag is good, the rest of the confederacy was *insert cheese poo fart noise here*
Teen titans go is tens years old at this point, It’s outlived the confederacy
shoulda snuck in something about tariffs
Frederick Douglass with the People's Elbow!
States rights to do what’s in the constitution, easy now what? I mean to break the constitution is kinda illegal and tyrannical regardless if you dislike the rules. I dislike how the lgbtq can get married yet I’m not ending lives over it. Who were the ones that put it in the constitution in the first place? If the whole south couldn’t not elect Lincoln you really believe the whole south could put a law in the constitution?
The Confederacy wasn’t bad stop hating on the South people!
Well, I don't expect a deep historical dive from a minute-long animation, but the issue was more complex than you give it credit for. I say this as a Yankee, not a southerner. To summarize quickly my points: Even if you could show that Confederate secession was about slavery (it probably served as only a partial cause, more important in some areas than others), this would not indicate that the ensuing war was about slavery, nor would it indicate that the seceders were traitors (which is absurd proposition that you could never defend).
1:02 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOF
Lincoln didn’t even want to abolish slavery, his policy was, “Hey, guys. I know you like slavery, so I’ll let you keep it, but I don’t want it anywhere else.” So they naturally did not let people vote for Lincoln and succeeded since the thought of a slavery opposed president scared them too much.
Statesrightstdowhat?
Slavery was bad but fym get a real country why don't you try moving to North Korea see how much you hate America then mr "I hate America"
Now imagine if they decided to use machines because the combustion engine was made shortly after instead of using inefficient human labor.  No wonder they're a bunch of dumb Hicks yelling about the equivalent of a losing fantasy football team.   They can stay their ass in Dixieland with all three of their teeth
I’m proud to be a citizen of the United States of Annoying Orange lol  *waves an Annoying Orange flag* 🎵my country tis of thee🎵
0:35 rewatched and paused to read this spiel by... alexander h. stephens. GOD is that disgusting. "subordination to the superior race". i mean, what normal human being THINKS shit like that? and if the condition is so "normal" then YTF did you have to go OUT to another continent to bring people over, you MASSIVE DICK. whatever death that guy had was too good for him.
As a southerner (more or less, it’s Texas) the south did have a fair share of legitimate grievances against the north… BUT, considering they THEMSELVES put slavery, one of if not THE  greatest atrocities man has ever visited upon his fellow man, right smack dab at the forefront of it all, that kiiiiiiiinda outweighs literally anything else they could possibly say. Get owned, slaveholders.
Well, in all honesty. Slavery was States Rights so they are right about that because the whole Civil War was to fight against the Federal Government wanting to abolish slavery.
So good i had to watch it twice.
As a history nerd, the reason if i could remember for state rights is the right to pass your own laws or terms that reside within your state. Example in florida you dont get tax on your income. But persay you like another state you can get taxed by both state and income tax. But majority of the south wish to keep slaves for more promptly immoral reasons not to mention it would damage their income as well, so them saying it "WaS fOr StAtE rIgHtS" is just a front
To be far the Union generals were crap
this was fucking AWESOME. "states rights to DO WHAT??" and the way you animated it each time. i also didn't know the confederacy was only 5yrs so that hit hard just like it smacked little grey guy LMFAO. felt like we were both surprised. (annoying orange lol. brilliant usage. that was sick.)  i am forwarding the HELL outta this. thanks!!!
you my friend, have gained a Sub, those biggots can stay mad
The confederacy lost lol
This feels like history for babies
I saw how much shit you got for this on twitter sand I actually made me mad. W cartoon tho
As a European, I find this way of handling your history extremely childish. This is strawmanning to the maximum.
I like how your Abe Lincoln kinda looks like Clone High's Abe.
There was a lot of stuff regarding taxes and what not but you cant really make the argument when its burried under the voices of hundreds of Slave Owners  crying about how they want to own people.   Generally I dont think the average Southerner really thought about slavery or black people at all. However, that doesnt justify what was going on and very obviously i kinda prefer the argument being brogmught around to Slavery.   It kinda trumped anything the North had been doing to the South at the time.   However, I do recommend that people look up the Campaigns of General Sherman. If you want to see just how brutal the North could be in victory he's a good Moderater
This is a criminally underrated video. XD I was born on June 19th and I'm completely against slavery. Not because I was born on that day but find it awesome that I was.
My favorite part of this video is, genuinely, how polite the traitor is. I'm so tired of the narrative that as long as someone isn't being "rude" you can't treat them like the fuckhead they are.
Red vs Blue (a web series) lasted longer then The Annoying Orange.
Certified RIZZ
Based brocolli man
The confederacy would’ve abolished slavery soon after the civil war. Nobody wanted it except for some leaders and plantation owners
Thank you for including Frederick Douglass, a real American hero and enlightened voice of egalitarianism! Seriously, the man gets less than half of the history textbook page time he deserves.
Doobus has transcended into godhood
This is currently my favorite animated video. Thank you.
I was studying this in school and this taught me more that that entire year's worth.
Ah yes, the war when Republicans freed the slaves of the Democrats. 🇺🇸🫡😎🦅Let’s have freedom for all.
Fred lasted longer than the confederacy also.  Edit: About 7-8 years in fact
There are some really big self reporters in this comment section.
I appreciate the fact that you drew Abe Lincoln as clone high version 😂
I like your use of Clone High Abe as a stand-in for Abraham Lincoln.
I mean if we're honest the whole thing was at the very cause under all the other things about money
Based Alexander Stephens. Look at Chicago,  Detroit, Long Beach and tell me he was wrong.
Us Brits got it better
Slight clarification: the Confederacy wasn't worried about Lincoln abolishing slavery, but that he would not enable the expanding of slavery to new states in the Union. They were seceding because they saw the writing on the wall that eventually, in however many years, the slave states would be outnumbered by free states, and would eventually vote to abolish it federally.   They actually hastened abolition by declaring war. Lincoln's priority even after the war started was preserving the Union, not abolishing slavery, and he only abolished it when it became clear that freeing the slaves was key to winning the war.   Point being, Confederates are more pathetic than even this video shows.
Gigachad
"I love America that's why I support the guys who betrayed America and went to war with America, killing hundreds of thousands of Americans in the process"
How about a lack of federal tariffs that overwhelmingly impacted the southern states.
The Annoying Orange also outlived the Nazi Party.
Boooo! First bad video.
We had a conservative family friend. Every time he met my black gf he brought up slavery and try to give excuse to its historical use despite them connecting on mutual enjoyment of reading books and mangas. We no longer talk to him.
😎🤟❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Sherman should have gone further
biggest argument against the federal government is modern day America.
From a black man born in the South, raised in the West, and now living in Florida, I love you, Goobus
It was primarily slavery yes, but it wasn't just slavery. Independent judiciary for each of the states more power to each of the states (primarily the south) a desire for a smaller federal government. That said all of that was wanted to protect slavery
"You're ignoring our other concerns!" "Yeah, but one of those concerns is slavery, so I don't care."  I want this framed and hung on my wall. I really don't give a single squeak what the hell you want as a "nation" if one of the top bullet points is owning human beings. Fuck your rights, why should you get what you're trying to take away from another person because they're a different color than you?
Remember democrats founded the confederacy and republicans  (president Lincoln) freed and fought to free the slaves
Lol "states rights to do what" is always my response
Doobus you've just opened the pandoras box so enjoy you're short term victory now
Thank you!!!!! That is what i always say!!
Oh boy... he just took the bait ,I won't be surprised if this guy becomes another ethan or idubbz 😔
What the song at the end called?
I never thought I'd hear the phrase "The Annoying Orange outlived the Confederacy," but here we are
Anti-confederate sentiment is rooted in antisemitism.
Is that a Captain K’nuckles hat? Also join Threads, there’s less racism and hate speech.
Doobus Goobus just gave us one of the best catchphrases "GET DOUGLASS'D" 13/10
Well it’s obvious with this video that you are a hardcore liberal who will vote for sleepy Joe in 2024
Bro, I just bring up the Cornerstone Speech by the, I believe, vice presi- oh fuck you referenced it. Maybe I should finish the video before commenting
Basically the south didn't want to pay their taxes either.
Dunking on confed is too easy...much more fun to dunk on the north and how they still used slaves yet is seen as pro-anti slavery.  Least when our school thaught us history they omitted the fact north wanted to keep their slaves but deprive the south of theirs aswell as the countless well...warcrimes like yeeting towns to the point you only have a sign that tells their story.  Both sides were cruel and unjust yet most known only of one side.
Love your cartoons
Speaking as a historian fuck the confederacy.
Hi goobus it's my birthday
The civil war is kind of a Grey area, but not on the confederacy's side. Lincoln did not want to immediately abolish slavery because he didn't want the south to secede.   He later abolished slavery to rally the union against the south for the coming war, as the north had become very abolitionist leading up to the secession.   Lincoln made the war about slavery from the union's point of view to take away the notion that it was about anything else. It was a smart tactic that worked, but the face of millions of people's lives was used as a political maneuver, so take it how you will.
Texas lasted longer as an independent country then the confederacy did.
Never forget that the confederates were the democrat party, and that the last confederate general to surrender was a Native American
You know, it's quite ironic that the Republican Party was at first a party that empowered federal institutions, and since 1980s leans more to "state rights"
It’s always funny seeing people crying over slavery, while typing on a device that was built from slave labor.
Fascism is here. Been here. Fucking exhausting to hear it and see it constantly
Chris Chan's Legacy on the Web Lasted Longer than the Confederacy, what's that tell you?
Corwin Amendment. Look it up.
Here are some moments in history that will mess with your perception of time. The confederacy last shorter then annoying orange. Also Lincoln originally didn’t want to abolish slavery, mainly cause Lincoln was actually trying to maintain stability, it was the southern states who were paranoid and freaked out.
I wanna show this to my mom so bad, too bad she fully believes the confederate flag doesn't mean slavery and hangs it out for others to see :]
About Democrats vs Confederates. One is gaslighting black people about what they can and can't do; create economic policies that indirectly force black people to be dependent on the state; constantly claim that black people can't do anything unless they have affirmative action support; gets REALLY upset when black people vote for individual freedoms. The other is the Confederacy.
Atun Shei taught another person the right thing lol
very succinct summary of the five or so hours of lectures i got to watch in my history class recently 💕 shoutout to the lost cause
New meme just dropped. Time to gif!
"You fucking traitor'
Me gusto que usaras al Lincoln de Clone high
And the political parties never changed. Let's go get us some racists >:)
The song at the end I swear, when I saw the banner to announce this cartoon Union Dixie was the first song that came to mind
I'm with you, i don't like people who support slavery either.
Message to the confederacy: 🖕
Got some asshole cousins to send this shit to :) 🎉
God Tier content.  As someone living in the American South I will think of this every day.
This was video released exactly 160 years and one week after the Union achieved victory against Confederate forces at the Battle of Gettysburg.
It will never cease to blow my mind that no matter how much you point out how obviously shitty the Confederacy and their morals were, there will still be morons trying to defend it.
Doobus Goobus is a national teasure.
The fact people still to this day think slaves are a need boggles the mind.
By the nooooorth
The Civil War was started by wealthy plantation owners, who had gotten into spots of power, not wanting to let go of their free labor  Dammed be the consequences for treating slaves in inhumane ways, they just wanted free labor and hated how the Union made a invention that would remove that free labor They wanted to make excuses and reasons that would make everyone else in the south protect them I honestly believe that when it comes down to it, it was the people who acutally profited off the slaves that started this war They just found ways both before and after to make the people who didn't own slaves or in general weren't as rich as them, to think the war was about states rights and other horseshit to try and defend their position
Confederacy declare independence using slave owners' supporters claiming Lincoln was freeing slaves. When in fact Lincoln realized slaves owner support can help get the Southern state to declare independence; he stop advocating and even stated if he never have to free the slave to keep the Union united he will. But Confederate fooled the slaves owners into thinking he is still trying even after that statement.  This way they declared independence for the real reason. Establishment of their own banking system free of the central bank Lincoln's idols created. In fact, the civil war happened because of the banks. Lincoln didn't try to free the slaves until he realized Britain will interfere, if the war when on too long for cotton. So, when he stated he would free the slaves; if he captured the breakaway states Britain withdrew because Protestant church was staunch anti-slavery and the king/queen would use it to overthrew the parliament established to limit the British power.  In short; British Church freed the slaves and it wasn't about slavery because the main people pulling the string were two different banking systems.   Also, when an Italian general early on in the war gave Lincoln the offer to lead Union army with very little experienced generals; only if Lincoln promise to abolish slavery, Lincoln refused.
Nice strawman lol. The southern states wanted to succeed from the north because of the heavy taxes placed on them for trading/buying from Great Britain. (Tariff of Abominations)
The confederacy wanted to start a new country moron. Abraham Lincoln didn’t take the south’s slaves until halfway through the civil war and Lincoln only took the south’s slaves because it was a political move. Lincoln had multiple speeches for why he thought slavery was a good thing
YES!!!!
Beautiful work
Черт подери, они как нацики, почему они существуют, если он пропогандируют рабство?
160 years later and they still upset that Broraham Lincoln kick their asses back over the dixie line.
I'm conservative on most issues, but this accurately describes my beliefs on the matter
Other things that have a longer legacy than the Confederacy:  - The Simpsons (34 years) -  Kellogg's Corn Flakes (129 years) - The Floss Dance (popularized around 2016, so 7) - Fidget spinners (invented in 1993 and popularized on 2017, so either way 30 or 6 years still count) - The Kingdom Hearts series (21 years) - Grimace (52 years) - Vinesauce (13 years)  And so many more
Nah those times were 🔥
Had a teacher who played that "state's rights" charade, and would mark slavery as incorrect. Wasn't even in the South... Literally just read the *edit, am tired* states' letters of secession, it's right there.
New Coke lasted longer than the Confederacy. The Zune lasted longer than the Confederacy.
As a southerner I will not even deny the fact the we definitely fought for slavery. However the symbology of the confederacy has represented the south throughout its jaded history and yet still rallies southerners in representing the south rather than the slavery and racism the south once stood for. The Japanese committed numerous atrocities under the flag of the rising Sun and yet they still use it to this day even though Japan itself has fundamentally changed. Why can’t the same be done for the south?
Fun fact, the "confederate flag"  isnt even the correct flag that people claim is racist. That just SC flag, the real flag actually looks completely different. But people want to change the meaning, so the next time that person is waving that big flag. Check em  first before claiming they are ignorant.  Edit: the last state was Mississippi to even wave it, that ended in 2020. Now that the US has moved along. Our people are next.
The civil war was not just about slavery but also to maintain, expand and continuation of slavery. Some states had entire clashes over this like Kansas before the civil war.
Let it sink in what confederate soldiers fought and died for. I don’t know if they were evil or spectacular morons.
AWAYYYY TO DIXIE!!❤
In one hand slaves bad and so is confederacy and I hate people who support those things in the other hand that’s song at the end is fire 🔥
another thing you should know that’s not the actual Confederacy flag that’s just a battle flag the actual Confederacy flag is the national flag I’m really surprised I didn’t see it because some I heard the Confederacy battle flag is more popular than the  nation flag itself
States right to property obviously.
By the way I don’t think the Confederacy would have a state rights it’s kind of like a country itself that last less than United States itself that’s why it’s so small because you know …it doesn’t have the powerful states…
I will use this in my history classes from now on
Straight up after the confederacy fell they made propaganda to change the reason why the civil war happen and it worked somehow
As a south person of myself I kind of agree with your point because the Constitution of the The Confederacy said so that’s kind of why people make racist jokes because they make fun of the Confederacy because it was so goddamn weak
Hey Doobus, I love your content, and I agree with your stance, but please don’t go down the political rabbit hole when it comes to your videos. Politics aren’t fun.
Like supporting the Confederacy is unironically the most Un-American thing you can do. I grew up in NY; I kind of understand the South supporting it, to the extent of that idea, but I saw it in my neighborhood. We were taught about the full scale and you still wave that flag.
States right to personal personal property
Imagine, to this day there are people who defend slavery. We don't care, slavery is evil. Answer the fucking question: states rights to do what?
As a texan, Fuken based
The Dukes of Hazzard series lasted longer than the actual Confederacy. That's the flag's true heritage, right there.
The only good thing to come out of the confederacy was the flag. It’s a nice flag. Whatever it waved over wasn’t. Which was the states right to-
Hell it wasn’t even just preserving slavery but creating a slave empire with an eventual capital in Havana.
It's their heritage. Much like how it's a Real Americans heritage to set them on fire.
0:39 is it only me or does that really look like Abe from clone high
What a brave thing to do to go after a dead country from over 150 years ago. Truly new wave stuff
Slavery bad, but history is history and valuable lessons are to be learned from it!   Like don't do slavery, for example. Even if it was culturally accepted during this time and mainly originated from South America and other underdeveloped countries, doesn't mean it wasn't abbhorent, I learned that George Washington actually didn't like slavery and his 'slaves' (again, culturally accepted, morally horrible) were treated more like equals than slaves.  I hate how horribly people were treated back then for their skin color.
Lmaoo
Actually Lincoln wasn't originally going to abolish slavery, rather he was going to contain it by not letting it spread, which pissed off the southern aristocracy, leading to them seceding because they wanted to not only preserve but to expand slavery.
They were fighting for the same reason: Slaves should be free
"State's rights"?  How about HUMAN rights?
I've already seen the video, I'm just here to point & laugh at all the confederate anime profiles
There's ONE thing I will give the South...  ... No wait, TWO things.  ... Dukes of Hazzard, and the pretty catchy songs.  Then again, there was even more the southern earned despite ditching slavery.
America is bad in general.
Man, I wish I was racist ☹️
FUCK YEAH GOOBUS
We've gotten to a point where I wouldn't be surprised if they started owning up to it and openly admitting they want minorities in chains. They already admitted they wanna commit a genocide on trans people.
The Dorritos Locos Tacos from Taco Bell lasted longer than the confederacy as well
There was one abolitionist that did not support the North in the Civil War: Lysander Spooner. And no, I am not saying the Confederacy was right to defend chattel slavery, even as a reason to secede. I support no slavery, including government. I would recommend looking into his work for a different take.
Doobus Goobus: A Real American Hero
As a Belgian I can confirm that none of us even think of our ‘heritage’ and want to redo it. And the entire African continent can sleep at ease knowing that
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWay down south to the land of traitors!
This should have been uploaded of the 4th of July.
As a non american this is my new favorite video on the internet. Also the Dixie union song is actually Hella catchy.
Well technically states rights meaning in the Confederacy was basically more power than the federal government to abolish federal law that they didn't support which yes does include slavery but also include other variants perhaps trade or foreign policy plus they could have been reasons why the South became the Confederacy such as the North and South having very different cultures from each other or being different economically as the north as being very industry and the South being very agricultural
Finally, someone who matches my hatred for those fuckin traitors
Gotta love people saying "Yea Sherman  SHOULD BURN MORE INNOCENT CITIES CUS DEY ARE TRAAITORS" Like the psychotic mentally deranged heathens they are.  I also love how people do the whole "STATES RIGHTS TO DO WHAT HMMM??" As if its some sort of gotcha. So lemme break it down  1. The reason most of these state constitutions listed slavery as one of the reasons was because it was sadly enough their entire economic system. And it, being removed so suddenly with zero alternative currently in the works would have literally shattered the south's economy (Literally is what happened after the war's end).  2. Now to understand why they just didn't industrialize with the massive reserves of iron and coal the deeo south posssesd. Tariffs, Northern tarrifs that made exportation and importation of goods hell for the South as early as 1829 i believe is when the tarrifs really hammered down on them. The inability to control their own trade was a major factor in the decision to secede.  3. And the final reason, the South only considered themselves to be apart of the Union as long as they felt they were being represented properly and surprise surprise they weren't, and at most times were being treated as 2nd class citizens. The more extreme members of the Union congress were the cause of the southern resentment and fear of the North. The whole Kansas massacre event certainly didn't help.  So when people ignorantly go "StAteS rIghTs to dO wHat?!?"  The right to secede from an overly hostile Union that saw southern citizens as nothing more than halfwit savages instead of fellow Americans. To have the ability to control their own trade which would have allowed them the ability to begin industrialization and thus be able to change their economic system. Which would have made allowed proper talks to be held regarding slavery as it wouldn't be the primary factor holding the Southern Economy together.
I like how you played union dixie at the end, one of my more recent favorite songs
I don't know why there was a period of time where this wasn't the case, but I'm glad we've come around to agreeing Confederates and Confederacy fanboys are literally just fucking traitors.
I'm gonna use that Annoying Orange line from now on when talking about how bad the Confederacy sucked.   Get Atlanta'd traitors
Larp
It seems to me, that us, decent folks, are missing the point of the confederacy flag. It doesn't mean what it meant back then; it means whatever the heck the populists of today want it to mean. That's why it's still a powerful symbol.
I don't get it to be honest, I live in a country where none of this was taught or is a concern to me but still very fun animation always.
You know whats funny to me. Texas has a longer history of independence than under the Confederacy, over twice as long. So I have no idea why any stars and bars flags exist there.
"states rights for what" is just poor argument and lacks of understanding of the larger context. Yes slavery was part of it, but it totally ignores that these people were upset already for previous changes that republicans had pushed on democrats. Oh and in case you didn't know... democrats were the confederacy. But here is the question... The civil war between democrats and republicans (which republicans won) was really needless bloodshed. Why is it your business if those states wish to seceded for whatever reason they want? From prespective of slavery it would've been abolished couple decades later anyway as seen in countries which never had civil war about the issue.
🪿: states rights to do what? States rights to do what mother f$&#!
States' rights to govern themselves as they saw fit.
Ah yes Abe Lincoln the man who hated blacks but was just pissed off that everyone was arguing
Good to know goobus is an actual patriot
Over 160 years and democrats haven’t changed. Keep playing Union Dixie.
u should try the grimace shake
You wouldnt have the balls to do this to islam which allows the raping of female slaves
Way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes, and alligators...
Slavery has to be seen as the primary cause of the civil war before we can talk about other issues. Other states rights that were of issue:  northern states pushing trade protections  on industrial goods and removing them from agriculture, the push for copyright law by the North post the cotton gin and the northern opposition of expanding the rail.  These are not insignificant things but they pale in comparison to slavery.
The idea of breaking up the federation is noble, but their reason for wanting to do so... Not so much
Nope. The war was fought for three reasons, in order: money, political power, and slavery. The issue of abolition wasn't popular until DURING the war itself. If you look at the times American politics got heated pre 1860, the root was ALWAYS TARIFFS.  Why? Because tariffs screwed over farmers and plantation owners alike with zero benefits in return. In fact, after the war, tariffs continued to play the most divisive roll in politics as new states out west started to side with anti tariff policies... the same major side as the Confederates.   Furthermore, calling Confederates traitors is incorrect. Sedition and rebels, but not traitors.   Don't participate in reductive history. It's willful ignorance.
South Carolina's Declaration of Secession has a part that mentions the reasons for secession include because "increasing hostility on the part of the non-slaveholding States to the Institution of Slavery"
Japan: "I want an army." US: "What for?" * North Korea flicks an ICDM cashew nut at Japan which bounces off his face causing his eye to twitch while China sharpens it's knives to invade Taiwan * "No reason . . ."
The right to be free from the galactic republic and the tyranny of the jedi order of course
I’m glad Goobus Doobus didn’t call the confederacy right wing.  The North was republican and the South was democrat, for anyone confused at my comment.
I can already see the pissy comments on this one lol
I wanna say this is the wierdest political cartoon ever made, but we all know that's not true...
Yes, the vast majority of history was not black and white, but shades of grey... But not all shades of grey are equidistant from black and white.
I disagree with the values of the confederacy and in all likelihood the loss of those states would have prevented the USA from being the world power it became and thus if it would have survived then it's mere existence would have completely changed the outcome of the world wars. It could have even possibly spread the conflict to America due to the similarity in ethos between the confederacy and Nazi Germany. The only thing I can say is that Lincoln wasn't a good person and his intent in the war was just to force them into submission to the United States, the emancipation of slaves was used as a mask to hide the fact that this was more about not allowing a significant portion of land to divorce itself from the fold;  Slavery is ethically wrong and the confederacy was definitely on the wrong side of history for supporting it but the main reason that these men fought to maintain it was because they were either financially invested in it or because the constituents who supported them were invested in it. Their decisions were made for financial and political reasons, if the south would have been fine with the emancipation of slaves they would have found another reason to attempt to secede because the political environment was hostile and in those times it was easier to rally up a cause for revolution to found a new country. I don't defend the confederacy, it was disgusting what the confederacy was fighting for but I refuse to acknowledge that the United States under Lincoln was fighting for the freedom of all people out of the goodness of his heart, that was just the propaganda to keep him from looking like a tyrant.
The Union was based, Lincoln did nothing wrong.
BURNING ATLANTA 🔥🔥🔥
Really going out on a limb there Goobus. What's the next courageous opinion? Don't like Hitler either? MLK Jr is the greatest person ever? Pedophiles and rapists should be punished? Oxygen is good?
If I say "as someone from a southern state" I'll get extra headpats and people will believe me harder
1.4k people are not very smart
Why did the Cherokee fight on the side of the confederacy?
Can we make "Get Douglass'd" become a real thing as a response to racists? I somewhat like it.
West Virginia left regular Virginia because they disagreed with slavery.
tHiS tReaSoN rAg iS mY SecUrItY bLanKeT
I am literally too poor to have enough time to sit here and debunk you. Do your own research as to why you are wrong, hypocritical and annoying. That being said, you linked Atun-Shei beneath your video, good on you.
Heheh reported for terrorism
Man this one wasn't even funny but a really great video
I should not have looked in the comments section.
I'm a traitor. But I'm a traitor to every nation on earth.
Yea, that's pretty accurate. "State rights" my ass. If you're a horrible person, just go ahead and admit it, it's fine. Well, it isn't really, but at least you won't be a liar and a coward on top of being a horrible person.
lincoln was not an abolitionist, the fact is that it was taxes that were a problem due to the souths slave based plantation economy, favoring manufactured products, placing tarifs on foreign machinery, that's why they rebelled, but even so this was due to their slave based raw material exporting economy, it was offcourse very proffitable for those who owned land and slaves   still though, for those who didn't own slaves other factors played allong, that should not be played off as stupid given that most southern soldiers had no slaves at all.
This is why I’m a classical republican 😎🇺🇸🚩
this video corny asf 💀
If Tadeusz Kościuszko lived another 50 years:  Actually Doobus here sorta looks like Kościuszko, is this the 2nd coming of Polish-Lithuanian-Belarusian Kahless?
The Confederacy: The Future that Fascists want for you!
Slavery in America was the fault of the British. America was the only place where it was even considered contraversial in any measure, we fought a civil war over it whereas everywhere else needed outside intervention.   And then people voted for the half white Obama who drone striked Libya so much they started having open air slave markets,   still buy things made with chinese child slave labor   and encourage  illegal crossings from the southern border without deportation creating a second class of illegally entered migrants payed effectively less than actual slaves under the table and forced to live in squaler.  Goobus here gets it, AMERICA is the #1 country, not because it was somehow perfect from the onset, but because we strived for better.
get douglass'd
They were wholy dedicated to promoting and sustaining slavery. FUCK the confederacy.
As an Indian, I can still feel the America coming inside of me.
I love how you drew Lincoln to look like his clone high version lmao
You're an absolute satire GOD. Thank you for focusing on the most FUCKED part of that group of individuals and cementing the foundations with quotes and proof of history!   The Confederacy was a gaslight-to-slavery attempt i'm GLAD failed. Now we have EQUAL (not-technically)slavery between the rich and the working class!
In USA are there people that are really that obsessed with the confederacy? I mean they teach us what happened in your civil war but not how people were about it
I almost commented the opening to the Union Dixie but I'm glad you put it in at the end so I don't have to
Yikes, I think I better not drive into the comment section.
Doobus youve given us a gift! All these traitor boys in your comment section are my favorite kind of "haters". Its so fun to watch them try to dance around the fact that the civil war's MAIN ISSUE was slavery. God they're so addictively moronic!
Abe Lincoln: "I don't like Negros, but they're free I guess. Except for a few states up here in the Union. Also, I like big banks and bigger government, hope that's cool." Goobus in this one instance: "An American Hero."  I love all your videos, except this one. <3  Quick side note: Pooh would've ended the Civil War faster than Abe, and it would have made the transition away from slaves so much easier.
There's a scene in The Simpsons where Apu takes a citizen test and is asked what was the catalyst for the Civil War. He begins a long and nuanced answer and the assessor cuts him off by saying, "Just say slavery."   It was a true story - in the audio commentary one of the showrunners talks about a friend or family member or something who had that exchange on their citizen test.
I love how doob just drew clone high abe lincoln
Eh, still use it to identify as a rebel
Actually as an avid historian allow me to tell you all what the civil was was ACTUALLY about. It’s complicated so prepare for a doozy.   Taxes. Money. See old Lincoln wasnt trying to save the slaves for the noble reason of freedom for all mankind, it was because slaves weren’t paying taxes, so the idea came up that southerners should pay taxes on their slaves, and if not, they should free them so THEY could pay taxes.   Ahhh gold old USA, literally all our wars boil down to one thing, moneh.
my roblox account lasted longer that the confederates
As someone not living in the American continents I just wanna say their flag looks pretty cool
I genuinely wouldn't be surprised if there were still people over where I live defending or wanting slavery back.  Hilarious thing is Britain,  my homeland,  was one of the first if not the first nation to abolish slavery.  Done so by a Scotsman if I recall right.
Hella long comment, brace yourself, and trust me. AIGHT YALL. I live in one of the 4 corners states. When I was in school, we just kind of went “civil war happened, the end.” It didn’t hit me how big a deal it was until we went out East to Gettysburg and I heard someone phrase it like this: It was a Rich man’s war, and a Poor man’s fight. A rich minority felt threatened so instead of sending their own sons to fight, the did a classic rich person thing and hired a poor man’s son to fight. Some people are just that desperate to get by, no matter where and when you live. But what happens when you run out of people -to- -exploit- who are looking for work? You have a draft. The confederacy had a draft system. Now, what happens when you reach in a bag that has 90% pebbles, and 10% gems? You’re probably gonna get a pebble. By that, I mean most often people who couldn’t put shoes on their feet were “picked” to fight. Most of the confederate soldiers probably didn’t want to be there in the first place. This completely rocked my view on the war. My whole life I had been taught that every man who wore gray was horrible scum and the devil incarnate. Really, most of them were scared, poor young boys being sent to slaughter so big fat Daddy LeBouf could keep owning people. So yes, it was about slavery. But it was also about the upper class not fighting their own battles, about sacrificing someone you deem below you so that you can maintain your bottom line. If you want to be mad at someone, be mad at the fat cats who started the fight. If you made it this far, thanks! Like I said, I live out west so I learned a lot last week and wanted to share. That being said, if I’m missing something, let me know! Nicely tho. I just wanna learn. I’m not defending slavery, just pointing out that there was at least one other aspect that we ignore, even in the modern day with our own current events. A lot of people got screwed over, and it continues today.
Seriously, someone needs to design a "Southern Pride" flag that looks cool to replace the flag of a failed nation founded on asinine principles.  The problem is I doubt the people who care would ever adopt it...
I hope this will be used to open up a history class on the civil war one day.
How are conservatives still around? What the fuck? Like, a vast majority of the time, the conservatives who *ACTUALLY* know what conservatives fight for, asides from statistically more often doing things like raping children, is being literal fucking Nazis, and if it was widely known that Nazis did that, they would literally just be Nazis in every sense. I don't know if Nazis raped children, but they probably did, considering how downright evil they were.
Long live Confederacy. Slavery or not.
Confederacy bad? No way. Next thing you’ll say Germany around 1933-45 bad
I just realised you drew Abe from clone high
Fun fact. Abortion has killed more African Americans than Slavery but Abortion is still legal.
Americans Today: ThE ConFeDerAcy WaS bAd bEcaUsE tHeY diDn'T VaLue BlAck LiVeS. Also Americans Today: Kills 3/5 black babies before they have the chance to be born.
States right to be fucking absolute morons xD
Now we are all slaves on Uncle Sam's plantation.
skipped the best part   away down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators~
The Clone High Abe Lincoln is a fantastic touch
The confederate constitution explicitly Removes state's rights to abolish slavery.
Are we going to overlook what Lincoln himself said about freeing or not freeing blacks? How about how he suspended habeas corpus and arrested and imprisoned  political opponents? How about how the emancipation proclamation only freed southern blacks? No, I am not defending slavery. Yes, I am defending a states right to self govern. I don't like the abortion laws in Colorado. Should the federal government invade Colorado and impose its will on Colorado if it disagrees with Colorado? What about if I flip it and say Oklahoma? Completely opposite in their opinion. Should the government force them to adhere to policy they didn't vote for? What about Texas legalizing suppressors for over the counter purchases even though federally it is an NFA item? Heck, what about weed laws nationwide? The feds can shut down weed stores in any state where that state has voted to make it legal. The citizens voted to legalize it, but the feds can come in whenever they want and shut those businesses down. That's the problem. States rights are important. Slavery was terrible, but if you're actually interested in the subject, bring up CURRENTLY occurring slavery. China, Africa, and the Middle East all employ slavery now. The beauty of our system is that we can move to states that best coincide with our values. If every state is homogenized into one set of values, then those with different beliefs will conflict with those of contrary beliefs. Our system allows for maximum harmony within a nation of very disparate values.
Golden animation
The heritage comment remains bs as well, as most "confederate cultural heritage" emphasis (statues, memorials etc.) were built during 1900-1920 and 1950-1960. Up to a 100 years after the end of the confederacy.  It wasn't to celebrate heritage. In the early 1900s it was meant to support Jim Crow laws, and in the 50s and 60s it was a middle finger to the civil rights movement at the time.
I’m from Texas, and even when I was a kid, we barely had any Confederate flags nor had any historical pride for the Confederacy. The media for some reason likes to portray people in our state as racist, liberal hating, Confederate loving conservatives. Maybe some Texans are, but honestly it doesn’t matter where you go in this country, because unfortunately there’s always gonna be at least one to a few people who are extremists. Where I come from, we were taught that modern day Texas is a state where being a good neighbor and friend is where it’s all about. It doesn’t matter if someone’s of different religion, skin color, national origin, or has a different political idea from the rest of us, you do good things for others because that’s what keeps this country United and reminds us that the Confederacy is dead, and it’s time we all got along. I’ve had more African-American friends in my life than I can count, and I’m willing to protect them if anyone ever threatens to enslave or show any form of racism towards them. Don’t know if anyone’s religious, but even my local pastor from church once taught us, “the Confederacy, the Nazis, and all hate groups involving slavery or genocide were all products of Satan and pure evil; nobody has the right to enslave or kill people based on national origin, religion, or skin color! In fact, nobody has the right to enslave or kill regardless!”   We modern day Texans are focused on making peace with others, and we do not show any pride for the Confederacy. The only thing the Confederacy cared about was the very thing Abraham Lincoln and the Union wanted to abolish. I honestly do not know why some people hold onto pride for the Confederacy…  Edit: For context, when I said “we” at the beginning, I meant the whole state of Texas, like only 1-5% of the population support the Confederacy. In case anyone gets confused.
slavery bad
This is one of the most childish takes on history I have seen on youtube. The new interpretation of the past should be called "Childstory."   We all own slaves, we all profit from slaves, I don't mean long ago, I mean nearly every product from overseas that you buy and love is made by candid, real-life slaves in the land of China, and now that model has spread to several different nations. Research where Cobalt comes from, the precious material that makes the batteries in the Electric cars that are "saving the environment" according to the Federal Government.
It was more about land and taxes than about slavery.
Another common Frederick douglas w
What'd he post?
I should point out that, while the Confederacy was built on slavery, the issue *does* deserve to be looked at from a light that's more than just "black and white". Lincoln may have hated slavery and personally wanted its abolishment, but he made it pretty damn clear with the South and during his campaign that he wasn't going to forcibly abolish the institution of slavery. In fact, Lincoln was quite hesitant to actually abolish slavery as an institution explicitly because he had neither the political clout or broader public support to do so until *during* the Civil War, and even then the Emancipation Proclamation amounted to a big gamble on Lincoln's part to drum up morale and support in the North.  Also, I'd like to point out the hilarious hypocrisy of any American telling others they can't pull away from a govt that they feel is becoming too tyrannical on their local rights, especially when our very founding is based on lies or exaggerations that the Founding Fathers told to dirt-poor farmers, delinquents, and drunkards who had no real access to the information that was being passed around beyond the confines of monopolistic newspapers affiliated with them, especially in Boston where Benjamin Franklin held monopoly on news and media. The Stamp Act only affected less than a quarter of the population of the Colonies. Taxation without representation is incredibly misunderstood, especially considering that the governor generals of the Colonies *was* their representation to put legislation to Parliament. King George III didn't have any real de-facto power, as by that point the UK had, for nearly a century, been a Constitutional Monarchy. And taxation in the UK was actually worse than in the Colonies by a substantial margin, and not only that, but American colonists were paid more than British citizens were. Let's not forget that, immediately after the Revolution, Congress basically tried to tax Americans who fought in the Revolution to pay for itself, only to end up getting near another rebellion before it was put down. Hope you all learned something new about the "greatest" cunt-ry on Earth.
Okay, why don't we stop all of the junk!? It was in the past.  (No, I cannot be swayed, because unlike most people, I ****ING LIVE AND FORGIVE!!! FORGIVE AND FORGET!!! Just let it all go. It happened centuries ago.)  (To be honest, though, we unlocked hardcore weapons of destruction then and there.)
I love your video
I agree the confederacy is a bunch of traitors. But you know that lots of people didn’t free their slaves till the 13th amendment was ratified, some time after the civil war, when Lincoln wasn’t even in office. Right?
Slavery was commonplace throughout history. Racist chattel slavery was an extremely cruel form. But it was made unprofitable by industrialization. It was a little like climate change at some point in that alot of of people admitted it looked really bad but it literally made the world go round in an economical sense. People were just used for all the things we use machines for today. That's the nuance to it. Doesn't take it away the inherent badness of it.
Frick the confederacy, Union forever
Moral of the story, whenever someone, or a group goes about spouting "states rights", it's almost ALWAYS for the most heinous of reasons why they want that.
I don't care if you had the idea in fuckin' November, it is always the right time to question these fake contry having losers. :D
I just stopped even caring about slavery, its nothing compared to abortion.
The fact that this video had to be made so late into the new millennium is just proof that our culture is a complete failure, you people should have tried harder
The civil war was actually alot deeper then that, but yeh.
Who the hell is this Fredrick Douglass fellow?
Now do a video talking about slavery in the modern world known as human trafficking.
safe edgy
actually your a bit uneducated but good luck.
ANDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD liked
😂😂
Thanks for this one will be using this next time my dad says something stupid
I hang flags of socialist nations in my room because I'm a socialist. Now what does someone who likes to stick the Confederate flag up on their walls and vehicles support I wonder?
As controversial as Gus Johnson is, his skit on “People who argue what the civil war was about” is brilliant.  Also because Frederick Douglas made a cameo at the end of this video, I want to say that ERB’s Frederick Douglas is immaculate, I literally didn’t know who he was until I watched it. I’m not American though.
The only heritage the Confederacy had was taking fat L’s from the Union
As a South Carolinian, I agree wholeheartedly and apologize for the ignorance of some of my brethren. I've heard the argument that the Confederacy was really about the right to secede in the first place. To which I ask, "And WHY did they want to secede, again?" Honestly.
People who are in the comments tryin to defend the south or the north please kindly stfu The south seceded due to the fact Lincoln who had been openly against slavery went into office and they didn’t want their slaves taken away No the north was not some paragon of virtue for it to did a lot of shitty stuff and was still racist but guess what the alternative was fuckin slavery stfu Please stop being bitches and just realize that the past sucks and we shouldn’t idolize people who would most likely be huge pieces of shit in todays standards
I can't believe Doobus has gone woke. I am literally crying from my benzo addled self inflected coma. First he says slavery is bad, next he'll say the Hitler rascal is. When does it end?   My anus is wrapped so tightly around this fence that if you don't also say that blue haired girl calling old disney movies problematic is just as bad as Bizaro Charlie Chaplin then I will tip over onto the other side of the fence. This is on you Goobus -Boogie2988
Great song choice for ending.
Based and Union Pilled
And that's one more American Youtuber removed from my subscriber feed.  Good thing you people lack subtlety, it just makes my work all the easier.
While States Rights are important, the Confederacy was clearly more concerned about their free labor as the South NEEDED slave labor in order to be wealthy back then.  So when they "There more to it than just slavery" they're only half-right. It was about their state-rights alright but they banked their entire economy on slavery which is why they resisted abolition. Hell, it was because of the South the Declaration of Independence didn't condemn slavery from this country's beginning.  The Confederacy was led by losers who were indeed evil. I only feel sorry for the tens of thousands of men on both sides that sides due to Davis' ego. Man should have been hung if not for treason then for the deaths of countless men in a horrible war.
The main reason was absolutely slavery, however the states rights they try to use to excuse the whole thing were… drumroll please  States rights to set tariffs on imported and exported goods. Yep. That’s it.
I love doobus and I’m black, I just love history… cause it’s never good when you start a sentence like this but. Civil war wasn’t entirely about slavery because Lincoln even offered the south to keep slavery if they didn’t secede. But the South said screw that. Because the Union was threatened by the south’s economic power (due to slavery) because Europe was the south’s biggest customer of cotton goods like the UK who used the cotton for their luxurious coats there’s also a class warfare part. And I can go more in depth again I just love history and doubt anyone really cares and thinks I should shut up and just laugh instead of being “um Akshully” 😂 again love your videos if you end up reading this ❤
so what your saying is if the annoying orange was the president of the confederacy it would of lasted longer wheres my time machine?
The Union Forever!
Slavery still exists in America, most of the are black but it's the kinky kind. Probably some find it exciting to be slaves but in a naughty way. 💀
This video goes beyond hard
Criminals are allowed to be enslaved in the USA till this day.
The North had slaves for months after the civil war. (See Maryland) to ignore all the aspects that went into why the civil war happened is to choose ignorance just so you can boil it down to something easy to understand. You don't know history as well as you think you might.
One can argue that the Annoying Orange was the first vtuber to ever exist
I heard different from what i heard lincoln wanted the union and only the union it only became a matter of slavery when southern democrats used fear mongering to desuad its citizen from voting a republican nominee aka lincoln and lincoln then realized no more slaves equals more taxes, soldiers and better publicity for his presidency.
This video gave me a better idea of the Confederacy than my history classes did lol
*PLEASE READ FULLY* I did extensively study this subject in school, and yeah while it's true there were other reasons for suseccion, the core tenant was slavery, though it appears to be more economical due to how profitable free labor was. Not a defense of slavery to be clear. It is a little less black and white and more gray than people think, but not by much.
Goobus Doobus the America anti hero for the equality of all kinds, never be limited to treat the whites, all colors in USA should be respected lawfully and friendly polite without crimes and chaos, just nice and healthy.
So to be one of 'those people'.   But the National Socialist German Workers Party/Nazi was elected in January 1933 and was disolved October 1945.   12 years and 9 month later.   I bring this up because if 5 years of history can be used to justify the cultural heritage of one, it can also be used to justify the other.   I am unwilling to do either.
If they just don't wanted slavery
I may not be American, but i know annoying orange       That is all thankyou
Bad. Ass.
The annoying orange defeated the confederacy, helped his childhood friend Abraham Lincoln into office and eventually killed John Wilksbooth after the assassination. This is canon now.
Very sad to say my grandpa drank the Kool aid.
i like the confederacy because their flag design is cool
Small historic mistake: Lincoln didn't plan on abolishing the slavery. He hated it, but he knew that south was too dependent on it so his policy was just to contain slavery preventing it from expanding. I can't find the exact quote but he said something along those lines that if not supported it will die on it's own eventually (because slavery is not just immoral, but also, economically speaking, really bad for economy long term)
The annoying orange is still a thing? I'm using my state's rights to not acknowledge that The Annoying Orange still exists.
Bro the stat that the annoying orange lasted longer than the confederacy is something I never realized until Doobus pointed it out
Confederacy states left for slavery yes, don’t want to defend that thank you kindly. Now that said, the Union did not wage war with the Confederacy because they were being noble about slavery. Union leaders seemed to tack that on as a moral and strategic point later on, when the real concern to them was a sense of ownership of the member states, power and federal supremacy. If slavery wasn’t even an institution in the South hypothetically and they tried to secede for much more legitimate reasons like taxes or trade disagreements, the Union’s federal government would have more then likely have gone to war with them anyway so far as I understand it.
Abraham Lincoln made the war about slavery because no one was giving a shit about the war in the first place. It wasn’t until he made it about slavery did people think the south was evil. The south wanted to have their own government because they felt that the union was too restrictive and tyrannical. (This aged like milk). Your passive aggressiveness to a subject you are clearly not open minded about is pathetic. This is a straw man argument where you purposely make your argument opponent incompetent to make yourself look better. May God have mercy on your soul and God bless the United States of America.
this was a bigger burn than Sherman's March.
neckgerlips
Truly we're too hyper focus on america slavery that we're blinded by slavery that had been going on since dawn of man.   So blind that very few will acknowledge the currently slavery that we have today. That much worse then cotten picking times.   Rather whips. We have drugs. Just stick them with a needle ans watch them become a zombie.
This puts a smile on my face.
this is the single best thing i have seen on the internet today
"A state's right to secede from the union!" So why did they want to secede? "Taxes!" And what was being taxed? "Agriculture!" And who was working on those farms? "..." Also, New York at the time paid for most of the federal government's budget. Just the city, not the whole state. More so than the entire South, because the Federal government got their money through foreign tariffs, and NYC was their biggest port town. "..." Also, Robert E. Lee subscribed to the idea that slavery was the best thing for black people, even though he was "anti-slavery." Some records even say that he personally dished out punishment to some of his slaves. "..." Also, most of the Confederate soldiers knew they were fighting to support slavery because poor Confederates would rather feel superior to  black slaves than see black people as equals. "..." 's what I thought.
the only confederacy I support is the confederacy of independent systems
im late, AAAAAAAA-
States rights to secede
The worst part is there's some debate whether Lincoln really had a beef with slavery, or just needed a casus belli to take proper control of the south.
"HeRiTaGe NoT hAtE!" When your "heritage" is based on traitorous, racist, slave owners, your heritage *IS* hate.
Anyone else notice that the Abe Lincoln in this animation is basically the version of Abe Lincoln from Clone High?
As a Louisianan I see this flag relatively regularly. Most of the people that fly the flag are genuinely ignorant of what it represents and genuinely think of it as just states rights, they’re usually okay people just legit ignorant, but it’s sad seeing it since they’re unknowingly flying a hateful, traitorous flag. I really hate when it’s masqueraded as my heritage, my heritage goes back over a century longer than the confederacy and while the confederacy may be a part of it, it’s the worst part of it, not something to be proud of. I love the south but fuck the confederacy
Theres gotta be some form of parody that Yahtzee's "Lets all laugh at an industry that never learns anything, tee hee hee" can be turned into against confederate simp-athizers
Based on the thumbnail alone, imma let you know now you're gonna get harrased by these types of people. There may be a tiny handful of good Confederate people who just want a pure Caucasian gene pool (me trying to be fair and assuming), but based off their history and the way they come off now a days they haven't changed, most of them luckly don't go out their way to be a dickhead, but I doubt it would take a black person long to get that side out of them.
Lmao
away down south in the land of traitors, rattle snakes and alligators
The annoying orange will be forever
STATESRIGHTSTODOWHAT?
"The annoying orange out lived you" is one brutal line.
An entire nation of traitors calling each other traitors.  Americans are the true man show of the world.
Yeah I saw a lot of confederate flags in SPRINGFIELD ILLINOIS. LINCOLNS RESTING PLACE. THE PLACE THAT WONT SHUT UP ABOUT LINCOLN. WE HAVE AN ENTIRE MUSEUM. YOU CANT LIVE HERE AND ESCAPE KNOWING THAT SLAVERY WAS BAD, GUYS
This is disgustingly antisemitic. Why does it matter that most slave owners were of Jewish descent? Why does it matter that they primarily brought them over from Africa? Who cares that they actively to this day fight against the rights of people of color?  “State rights to do what?” What’s next? “Okay but what books did the German’s burn? What was in them?” Reported for antisemitism  Also yeah Lincoln stated he wouldn’t have freed them if he didn’t have to, and he wanted to send them back to Africa, but who cares? Bigot
you know what else lived longer than the confederacy? phineas and ferb
I would like to take this time to remind you all that slavery is still legal as a form of punishment in the US
I wanna say the Confederacy died a dog's death but dogs generally live longer than 4 years.
It still shocks me how many people believe in the confederacy as a good nation. I've seen people say: "As a man of colour, I see how good their rights are, and that they were actually doing good things, I'd gladly fight for the south!" Like wtf? You'd be fighting for their right to own you bro....
Remember the Democratic party was and still is the direct descendents of the Confederacy! Just by taking a look through history of each states Governors and Mayors over USA's history and which states and cities were known to be Union and Confederate and what each did during certain racial tensions and such... The Confederate states that are quote on quote Republican now have only been so at around 2010-2015 and the Union states up till around this same time frame have been 85-90% Republican since their history lol like California has been a union/Republican state for like 90% of its existence and only recently as of 2009 has been Democrat for it's longest Democrat run! When they talk about the "switch" in political party ideology isn't true and even if it is, it has only recently been true the last 10-12 years.
Everything is bad now of days 300 years later people will never forget
“Get fucked you racist asshole” Weak and generic. “Get Douglas’ed” Creative, packs a hit and honors Douglas.
I literally can't stop replaying this video and I don't even live in America
I love doobus and i'm with the south  fun fact there were black folk fighting for the confederncy because they didin't want to lose their job don't hate me it is what it is
The Confederate Flag is only a participation trophy for losers...  And it's the f*cking same as flying the Swastika Flag...  (Fun Fact: Both are often seen with Trump supporters...)
Maybe, and I'm just saying maybe, not EVERYONE who thinks the American Civil War was a bit of a gray area is just a brain-dead racist? Don't get me wrong, it's a wonderful strawman that feels great to beat the tar out of because slavery is awful and the serf-esque system cropping up in a few areas of the south was barely any better (you're free so I'll pay you, now grow all my money for this relative pittance), but all you did here was make yourself the butt-end of an old Simpson's joke (Apu's citizenship test, for any wondering).  I'm not a history buff of any sort, let alone regarding the Civil War, but some of what I'm aware of is as follows: Slavery was undeniably a part of the Civil War, but so were the massive trade tariffs which disproportionately affected the south, since trading their slave-produced goods with Europe was how they made the majority of their money. Being able to trade without paying the massive taxes they would have with the Union was so appealing to the Confederacy that they were willing to make an agreement with the British to reopen trade and abolish slavery (feasibly to just replace it with the aforementioned already-appearing serf system where a non-insignificant number of the now-freed slaves would have been convinced to accept pittance pay because "wHaT oThEr JoBs CoUlD yOu EvEn Do?"). Heck, slavery was SO blatantly the ONLY cause of the war that the Emancipation Proclamation, which specifically only declared slaves in territory controlled by the Confederacy free, caused a large number of the Union's soldiers to desert (as in a bunch of the "good-guys" who "weren't the ones keeping slavery going" quit fighting because their leader said the people they were fighting couldn't own slaves anymore). The desertion was so bad Lincoln revved up conscription (the draft), which in turn led to rioting, which at least in New York was put down by some of the remaining Union soldiers with a lot of civilian deaths caused by both rioters and soldiers.  I love the rest of your stuff, and I'm not going to unsub because I think this is an oversimplification of a bunch of awful stuff that happened a long time ago. I also am not willing to say that 100% of the small number that unsubbed over this are all brain-dead racists because there's always the possibility that some of them were just sick of being misrepresented, which now includes a strawman of what they think from that funny cartoon channel they like. I'm looking forward to your next project, and I hope you have a great day! :)
that point about the about the lifespan of the confederacy is also something i keep thinking about. Like me and a friend we like to go to the medival festival a time period that lasted over a 1000 years with a rich history and culture. What exactly do you find so interesting about the confederacy that makes you wave its flag? any certain dish? A special dance? any important book that was written there? what is this "its our heritage" that is so important?
its funny but on the other hand...why are your cartoons leaning on political stuff???
turn on subtitles lol
Perfection.
I also hear „yeah but the north was racist too!“ and I just need to ask: do they grasp the concept of lesser of two evils? One is bad, yeah sure I’ll concede on that point, but the other is ENSLAVING AND TREATING PEOPLE LIKE PROPERTY! Like it’s abhorrent then, it’s abhorrent now, I can coexist with racists but not that garbage.
What I've always found funny is, even if you're among those who take the view that the Confederacy was 100% irredeemably evil, its going to be hard to claim their fears of a a runaway federal government haven't come to pass.  Let's see:  Higher taxes per person even compared to the British colonist.  An ever-more intrusive state courtesy of the FBI, CIA, NSA, ATF, and I suspect others we've never even heard of.  Entanglements in foreign wars and alliances that go against what our founders wanted because they knew such entanglements and wars tend to become quagmires.  An overly-bureaucratized state that intrudes into every aspect of living from health, to food, to education, and more, always promising to make it better yet consistently making it more complicated. and less effective.   I could go on, but that's a decent short list. And if you want to say none could have ever foreseen that nightmare at the time, feel free to check out Razorfist's video on Lincoln and the way he handled things before and during the war.  I'm not exactly a Confederate sympathizer beyond questioning whether a state has the right to secede or not (though I will admit their music is very catchy). I'm just sick of the "state's right to what" argument being used as a club to pound away any other considerations of the gray areas (no pun intended) in both that conflict and other attempts to protect and/or assert state sovereignty (IE, the clause in the Constitution specifically stating that all powers not specifically granted to the federal government go to the states).
Lmao
And dont forget Lincoln’s second inaugural where he explicitly states that everyone knew from the beginning of the war that it was about slavery!!
Just to remind everyone after the rebels where put down their officers formed the KKK in order to keep “racial dominance” because their “Property” was taken “Unjustly”, the south also tried to Rigged the federal election by removing Abe off the southern ballot, Arrested pro Fed Southerns for voicing their wish to go back to the union, tried to put down West Virginia for wanting to stay in the union, Executed White NCOs and Officers caught leading black soldiers, Forced black men taken as POWs into slavery during the war, lead to the deaths of around 400-600k people, Also they blamed Jews for the lose at times leading to the KKK become way more anti Semitic and start openly targeting Jewish Family’s that “Profited off the Union”, And later with loss cause and other myths helped root racism in southern society that wouldn’t remotely go away until the modern age, They are also somewhat responsible for the French invasion of Mexico as due to the civil war left no united USA to enforce the Monroe doctrine on colonial powers
Lets apply these arguments to world war 2.   Even though germany started the war, and talked ad nauseun about how jews were evil and he wanted to get rid of them, and enacted laws, policies, and systematic methods of torture to kill them all through genocide, world war two was really about the unfairness of the treaty of versais.   That sounded pretty stupud huh.  Thats how lost causers sound to everyone else.
get em goobus
"the right to do what" is irrelevant. The true argument is that they didn't want the nation to be able to restrict decisions that were previously made at state level. (Not from the south, not a confederate, not even from the USA, so shut up with your stereotyping)
note under the 13th amendment slavery IS still permitted as punishment, which is made worse consideting african amercans and africans are incarcerated at a higher rate than white people DESPITE white people commiting a higher rate of (punishsble) crime  slavery isnt over yet.
to be fair confederacy is by dictionary definition, and political practice, giving states territories, or provideces more power over their central government.  I just get ny gears grinded and bitch about the literal definition beacause I am a history nerd.  However its important to remember in practice of the 1860's confederacy, the people with power were rich white farmers, so corruption of the system was inevitable. If our current government was replaced with a confederacy today, it'll probably still be bad and definitely racist.  Overall, confederacy works better in science fiction in my opinion.  Edit:l I got curious the next morning and looked up international confedrracies, and I found the last international confederation I could find on wiki was Serbia and Montana 2003-2006. Wiki also says early solviet union was confederate 1922-1936. The longest confederacy seems to be Austria Hungary 1867-1918... otherwise most dont last up to 10 years.
Thats KINDA clear. Exept north didnt care about slaves, its was all about economics. They fought against slavery just because you can get more money from a worker AND you can destroy an annoying competitor.  Just in case, Im from Russia. And when in my country women got right to vote, all workers got 8 hour working day and was paid MORE than engineers, in USA black people couldnt even go to a same toilet as a white people.
As a Texan I mind my uncle Sam
hmmm why did 1.2k people dislike (probably more in the future ) but that's showing something
"Noooo slavery was goood😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭" - Cringe people
"The principal is not that a human being cannot justly own another... But that he cannot own him if he is not loyal to the United States." -The London Spectator 1862 A.K.A. the guys who ended slavery without raising an army to kill, pillage, and rape swaths of their own countrymen.
Doofus, let me go ahead and apologize for the fact that this will be by-far the most idiotic, brain parasitic comment section in the Seven Seas.
I think we should respect the wishes of the southerns and put the confederate flag on a most valued part of American life  Toilet paper
"The Southern states wanted to assert their authority over the federal government so they could abolish federal laws they didn't support, especially laws interfering with the South's right to keep slaves and take them wherever they wished. Another factor was territorial expansion."   To say it was *just* about slavery OR to say it wasn't about slavery is incorrect.
I live in South Carolina and everyone says “it was more than just slavery” and Everytime I just look at them like they’re crazy.
the right to be based
Wow you destroy them I think I'm going to subscribe now
I just want to know why the south was so technologically far behind the other half of the same country. After a certain point you'd think there would be southern factories or something, but only the north had them? To this day the south is poor and lacks factories, which are related. I wonder what other business they could be doing...  "Still a northern W btw." -me, from Oklahoma
No but he is right  The civil war is such a fun historical topic to learn about Personally have a a stack of civil war books myself that have some really neat stuff in them
Fuckin South
I wound up looking it up, because I got curious. Another thing that lasted longer than the Confederacy? Battleborn. Yes, really. Only by a few months, but still.
Just FYI The American Civil War was not about slavery,  The North wanted Slavery almost more so then the South did,  They profitted from Slavery more so then the south among other things dont believe me? Check out the Corwen agreement or other such things that MANY wanna sweep under the rug SO Bad that any and eveyone who claims that it wasnt about slavery tends to get attacked (See below) and manipulated and even given DEATH THREATS TO Which is NOT ACCEPTIBLE BEHAVOR PERIOD but no ppl will never admit they where wrong they will never admit that it wasnt about slavery at all they rather not do any reserch and just attack anyone who are the true idiots?
Unsubscribed
This video might got the red necks riled up.
I can't believe actual losers watch you get mad and send death threats
As a proud southerner, you are unfathomably based my good sir 🫡
Love this guy’s animations so much
To the people who unsubscribed simply because of this very video, so Long and thanks for all the fish
I did not expect doobus to get political after hitting 1M, im concerned this will put them under fire, and they may lose some of their following after hitting such a grand milestone :(
A giant argument to this would also be, oh you want to reclaim a flag with shitty takes? So you basically want back millions dead and more animal cruelty gotcha
yeah but tbh the us kinda stink c:
If you lose followers over this.... Good. You never needed them...
What a absolutely based based based based based based based based based based based based based based based based giga Chad
9 hours in and already at 38k likes. W mans fr
It's funny to know how mad confederacy supporters  are going to get after seeing this. Remember, kids' confederacy is for loosers just like drugs
Look guys, stop trying to defend the Confederacy by saying it's "your heritage." It isn't. Just say you think the flag looks cool or admit you're just a racist. Either one.
Wish slavery was still around. But hey next blm riot will hopefully stay in blue states
I am not American so this confuses the hell out of me
Being pro confederate is being anti-USA.
fun fact slavery wasnt involved untill the french said they wouldnt back the north untill they got rid of it
It needed to be said. Those guys are history's biggest losers.
Hope y'all have subtitles on whenever Doobus loads a video. Its got more context and bts shenanigans. Stay Mad, Annoying Orange Supremacy.
I'm pretty sure a sandwich from McDonald's has a longer life expectancy than the confederacy.
I'd like to point out the detail that the confederate guy was the first one to directly mention slavery.
I do believe you dropped this? 👑
History tends to be gray, but every once in awhile, there is black and white to be found.
Fighting Freddie Douglas has had it with this shit!
This was fucking brilliant
I believe a common complaint from Confederacy defenders is usually that people want to "erase/alter history" because of a belief that people want to outright delete or cover up any mention of the Confederacy from the history books (as we all know, history is written by the winners and the Union sure as fuck won, to be fair), but if anyone _is_ trying to do that, it would be very shortsighted. The Civil War and all related issues and topics should be history that is remembered and taught so that future people can learn from it. Idolizing and championing it, of course, is hardly necessary (this is why we take down statues and plaques and stuff) and basically just outs your real intentions. So they shouldn't worry that any evidence of the Confederacy will be removed from history; if all goes well, that L will be public knowledge for centuries to come.
the fact that you got death threats over that 9 second clip is fucking outrageous and hilarious at the same time
Honestly, pointing out that the annoying orange has more credibility to being considered part of anybody’s “heritage” than that traitorous failed state is going to be my new go to for roasting confederate idiots.
is to bad slavery still exist in the us
You know, that confederate should know that it's not always easy to make a choice, or to keep things inside, or to raise your voice.  But for everyone, there comes a time, when the light inside begins to shine.  So it's not always right or wrong as long as your spirit's strong; it's not also about win or lose, but simply the road you choose, and the answers within.  So, it's not always Black and White, and in all of our hearts we must know what's right.  So let the journey of American equality begin, folks, c'mon.
I generally consider myself to be a Canadian over an American (duel citizenship), and I’m VEEEERY against the current system of government, but dunking on confederates is always the one time I claim alligence to the USA.
Goobus Doobus: a war soldier who fight for his people in America, freeing the animation characters from slavery from the tyrant shogun and martial arts organisation which want to makeshift character’s personality and developments, he can fight down bad leaders who abuse characters into heavy labour work plus physical and mental mistreatment during the training exercises, Goobus Doobus movie(based on Catcher Freeman from Boondocks)
FUCK YEAH UNION DIXIE🥵🥵🔥🔥🔥
fun fact some states only joined due to geography like Texas and the south branded it as states rights and northern aggression to convince people who didn't own slaves to fight for them as the majority of people didn't have slaves and it was the rich people pushing for it
God the way this video was made makes me WANT that sexy Bob Ross mf so much
Love the link to checkmate Lincolnites
Keep in mind THEY WERE ALL DEMOCRATS
After Goobus fights down this style, hope to see he can fight 4S1M3K organisation for America.
50% of the adults in my state have confederate flags plastered all over their houses and cars
BASED Doobis Goobus
remember Lincoln said only states in rebellion's where not allowed to have slaves at first
Did not think i would live to see a green fungus whit a political view, welp gues i did, love ya Doobus.
As someone who was born and raised in the south, I think a lot of it stems from a weird belief that a lot of people seem to have that the modern use of the Confederate flag is to represent and show ones “southern pride”. Yet people who want to fly the flag either actually have some racist tendencies or try and make weird arguments that they can somehow separate the flag from the flags own history. I don’t think everybody that flies it is necessarily bad or even racist, and I’ve even known a couple of black guys that liked to fly the flag for one reason or another, but acting like that flag didn’t stand for something over 150 years ago is just foolish or naive. While I do feel bad for the thousands of poor Southern kids who never even owned slaves that got pushed into the war by rich slave owners under the guise of “southern pride”, we really shouldn’t try and make a martyr out of them. May we learn from history, lest we repeat it.
its to bad the confederacy rebranded to democrats and nobody noticed
Union boys stay winning
Helpful tip: guys like this will pull out a Lincoln quote that makes it look like he didn’t care about slavery, it’s because they leave out the ending of the speech where he says he really wants save the union *and get rid slavery*
People say history is "black and white" as if that means jack shit. Smoking once a week is still better than smoking every day, although neither is perfect "black and white". The Union smokes once a week, and the Confederacy chainsmokes every day. Especially in Atlanta.
That was a stupid war. But I glad that humanity mature more.
you been watching checkmate licolnites haven't you?
Away down south in the land of traitors   Rattlesnakes and alligators-
Lmao I got a 7 day for saying fuck the founding fathers you stupid bitch to that Napoleon guy
The south will rise again 🎉
**Deeply inhales** (In an extreme southern drawl)  STAHP MAY-KIN THE REST OF US SOUTHERNERS LOOK BAY-UHD YUH BUNCH'A TRAY-TERS!!!  For real.  The confederacy was nothing more than a mass temper tantrum by a minority of the south and I wouldn't be surprised if most of the people tote that dumb flag like "BUT MUH HERITAGE!" had ancestors that were actually just being used as bullet fodder for that war and had no real stake in having slaves.
Saving this in my Debates playlist to send to people on Twitter every time they try to defend the confederacy
And most of the people simping for the confederacy are from the midwest....
Goob man why is your tunge plu
Arguably, the union winning the Civil War caused Hitler, as a non unified USA wouldn't have entered WW1, which would have caused either a stalemate or German victory to happen, rather than the draconian Treaty of Versailles that formed the horrible conditions necessary for someone like Hitler to enter power.
Nazi Germany was also outlived by the Annoying Orange 🤣
Damn traitors
Based
It was about more than just slavery. Thats reductionist propaganda. The vast majority of southerners were not slave owners.. The federal government taxing you heavily and using the revenue to subsidise competing industries in the north (which is part of why the south didnt industrialize as fast and so kept on using slaves as an aside) making your own business unsustainable is nothing to do with slaves. For one example.  Keep the smooth takes to yourself.
They had a bit of a point with the state rights thing.  They just picked the worst hill to die on.
Hot take, treason bad
Although history is often grey, the civil was definitely one of the more black and white wars in history.
They briefly kinda did get a real country... Or at least a colony in Brazil.
I have a feeling someone has been watching Atun Shei Films. I'm so proud of my little American
Video idea: Pooh is ruler of the universe
Love the marching broccoli  🥦
The biggest problem is that there were groups like the “Daughters of the Confederacy” who ended up becoming teachers and things like that. They didn’t want to look like the bad guys, so they started teaching it as the “War of Northern Aggression” in order to whitewash their history.
Confederates: "Slavery is very christian" Literally the bible: (Jews suffering for practically a  millenia of being slaves, clearly represented as a BAD thing)
My twitch career lasted longer than the confederacy
I still Can’t believe I’m older then you
Based
Bad new fellas confederates still be living and its somewhere in brazil i think thats what I heard
America: Declaration of Independence 🤠 Confederacy: Declaration of Independence 🤠 America: 😠
Mean while in mexico:  you guys are being slaved and hunted? That is crazy, any way here some land  and nationality just defend the border, by the way you are free here so yeah
Bless Freddy D
Marry me Goobus I love you
I feel like Doobus is short on material this week
blessed
Turn on Closed Captions for a treat
Love videos shitting on the USA, just what they deserve
A nice reminder to all the people who wave that confederate flag just remember what it actually represents and how pretty fucking stupid you look waving that flag
Holy fucking shit, the amount of confederate defenders down here is absurd. Can we get someone with a thanos gauntlet to just like, start deleting select groups one at a time? Confederates, then terrorists, then Putin and Putin apologists and genuine supporters (That aren't ignorant), etc etc. Like fuck me we need a bit of a purge
Boggles my mind that people still don't know that slavery lasted longer in the north than the confederacy even existed and afterwards. What Sherman did was an act of terrorism and Lincoln was a tyrant.
On one hand, I see your point. But on the other hand, if we don't let people support the Confederacy we'll lose one of our easiest checks for identifying stupid people.
CHECKMATE DAVISITES!
Based W moment
Didn't the north actually prevent the south from getting factories and increasing their own wealth, and their own source of trade where the north just wanted the south to be only cotton and have all factories and source of trade and production in the north. And the cotton states were highly taxed and a cash cow for the northern state's unfairly takeing their income. The slaves actually weren't even an issue until they needed troops then Abe Lincoln decided to free them to increase depleted numbers. At no point was freeing the slaves on Abe Lincolns mind until he had to 1. Increase numbers and 2. Try and win public support. The south never invaded the north, the north invaded the south.(which is a violation of international law) The wrong side won the us civil war. The federal government is bad.
literally everyone knows the confederacy is stupid bro
This post made by _THE GUYS WHO ACTUALLY FUCKING WON_ gang.
The wealthy will always divide the people for their own self-interests.
And Freddy Douglas jumps the ropes for elbow drop!
Mr Goobus is a transphobe. He used to say a lot of terrible things about the trans community until Sunny exposed him and he backpedaled, and donated only because he felt “guilt” not for genuine reasons. He also tried flirting with multiple left wing accounts on Twitter until it was revealed he was flirting with a 14 year old minor on one account. And no I am not defending the confederacy because my family came to this country straight from Mex 20 years after the civil war. But from what I studied both the union and confederates were degenerate monsters and committed genocides on indigenous people.
Hell yeah!
God I fucking love you man
People wave the confederate flag and then call themselves proud Americans acting like America wasnt at war with the confederacy. It’s like waving an Isis flag and saying “God bless America”
To quote Blanche Devereaux, "You lost the War. Get over it."
The people offended by this video keep on saying “straw man argument” without disproving him 💀
it's a shame the Confederacy was as screwed up as they were cuz dang their flag was really nice
heritage deez nuts
Heck, there not even all confederates were up for defending the "state's rights". By the end of the war, many confederates were deserting the army so they wouldn't have to fight for a bunch of rich folk.
At the time it wasn't an moral fight against slavery, but a political one. That doesn't change that however looking back in history the confederacy was absolutely morally abhorrent compared to the north. Only one of the two factions wanted a nation built firmly on the principles of enslaving black people. The confederacies cornerstone speech lays it all out there bluntly lol
personally, i think anyone who still defends/supports the Confederacy is a really, really, really sore loser.
Came for big booba but got history lesson instead. I'm sure Lincoln didn't own any slaves.
We'll just add this to the list of unexpected yet incredibly valuable videos to have popped up in my feed. And great counterpoints, too.
Now do one about the clean wehrmacht myth.
Republicans wanted to stop slavery but democrats wanted to keep slavery
millions are dying in china
Confederate Wojaks: mah state rights!  John Brown, Newton Knight, and Harriet Tubman: *Abolitionism Goes Brrrrrr*  P.S: im looking right at you Jesse James' simps
Perfect video, covers the whole basis for these dumbass defenders in under a minute & ½.  Get Douglass'd
GET DOUGLASSED RAHHHHHH🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
A real American would believe in the freedom of all Americans, a traitor would want to inslave people
CRY SOMEMORE
now do the same to the pride cult i want to see the reaction those freaks have
The North won. Get over it Confederacy lovers. Ulysses S. Grant also made sure your best general, Robert E. Lee, didn’t get executed by Andrew Johnson. So your welcome
The one misstep is getting political on a goofy cartoon channel
Based Doobus
WOAH THERE GOOBUS, TAKE A CHILL PILL MAN, THATS A SERIOUSLY HOT TAKE YOU GOT THERE!
So Lincoln was the "great emancipator" right?     Abraham Lincoln himself said blacks are not equal to whites. LOOK IT UP. He abolished slavery near the end of his presidency as a political move to gain support.  "Lincoln never saw the Civil War as an opportunity to bring about justice or free slaves. Lincoln’s single, intention throughout the Civil War was to hold the Union together. In his 1862 letter to Horace Greely of the New York Tribune, Lincoln famously wrote, “ My paramount objective in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all of the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that. What I do about slavery, and the colored race, I do because I believe it helps to save the Union…"
I like the flag, its a good reminder of what democrats are willing to fight for... can't allow them to ever live that down.
The Confederacy was based*
Lincoln wasn't going to free the slaves. His whole goal was to destroy political opposition that was causing the secession crisis he was given, which can be seen by his treatment of Southern opposition compared to his treatment of New Jersey, a northern slave state that didn't succeed during the civil war. The Southern Succession itself was bad because, though taxes was also a major reason for said succession, slavery was as big of an issue. But that does not make the Civil War a just war. The Civil War itself wasn't started over Slavery, it was started over taxes and land. Both sides in it were equally horrible and the entire conflict was just brother killing brother essentially. Just another pointless war
This is great 😂
The comments in this are so funny cus all the big paragraphs are the racist and most of the short are just "teehee true"
1:00, Oh my God! Your telling me that Better Call Saul has been around longer then the Confederacy??? Thats insane!
Smell that sweet sweet engagement.
So the whole thing about states' rights is that it was made up after the war. New York passed a law prior to the war that stated that no one who entered New York was a slave. It gave automatic freedom to anyone entering, and pro slavery states protested it as "unfair" since wealthy slave owners couldn't bring slaves on vacation or business trips. If It were about states' rights, then they wouldn't have cared. This video is spot on, and as someone who works in the city general sherman was from, I think they talked a lot of shit for people with such flammable cities.
What a weird way teach me about history
Never not cool to shit on confederates
As a alabamian im glad im not the only sane person. To be real with yall, some people still kinda hold onto those outdated beliefs.
Isn't that the same period when others countries around the world participated the imperialism way longer? The same time Charles Darwin introduced his theory of evolution, which then people came up ideas like Darwinism and then racism?
I so happy someone’s finally pointing out that the Confederacy only lasted 4 years.  Growing up in Virginia capital of the would be Confederacy I had to deal with a lot of grey mustachioed muppet things spreading miss information and I’m glad the radioactive talking brussles sprout tackled this issue.
You just upset me northy boy
South> stinky yankee states
Alright, slavery is bad, but we can all agree the government sucks right?
"Get a real country traitors"   *Ahem*...all American history is our history, good and bad, grow a dick and just own it.  also, if it's made in another country, it was probably made by slaves.  guess what i'm saying is this comment section is full of twats.
... didn't think I'd be thinking about the annoying orange again randomly after almost 10 years(just remember his parody of hide your kids hide your wife, and a slender man vid with slendy running away from him)
A work of art
guys, this might be a little controversial, but I know this is a safe place. That being said I think something needs to be address, bad thing... is bad.
Yeah democrats are pure evil
hehe surface level understanding of the civil war go brrrrr
Great use of the Union Dixie
Yes, it was about State's Rights and unfortunately part of that was the dumbass believe that a human can own another human (guess what - it's not one or the other but both). The North was where most of the factories and cities were: most of the manufacturing was done there. Meanwhile, the South was where most the agriculture. During that time, the U.S. Federal Government would tend to pass laws and regulation that benefited the North over the South.   With Lincoln becoming President; the North now essentially had control other Legislative, Judicidal, *_and_* Executive branches of Government so they could pass whatever North law would benefit. The North and Lincoln didn't really care about Black Americans. Sure, most of the North tended to be against slavery but they still believed Black Americans were inferior to White Americans. They weren't this utopian progressive part of the country that somehow had 2023 racial values: they were still racist but not as racist as wanting slavery. In fact, Lincoln was keen to the idea of sending Black Americans back to Africa after abolishing slavery...  If Lincoln truly fought for the Freedom of Black Americans, then why did he do the _Emancipation Proclamation_ the way he did? He proclaimed that only Slavery would be abolished in States that seceded, but not in the slavery-states that stayed with the Union... Furthermore, race riots  broke out in the North (particularly in New York) after the _E.P.._  Look, all I'm trying to say historically war is never simple and the winners tend to write down how it goes. If you think the North was only the good guys 100%, all that indicates to me is that you have a surface level understanding of the Civil War. The only war that probably is closest to a simple Good Guys vs.  Bad Guys is probably WWII.  More fun facts: That Pro-Union Song you play at the end; the artist made an album of American Civil War songs and he also made a Pro-Dixie song via the same exact tune but different lyrics. Yours is the version "Dixie (Union Version)" by Tennessee Earl Ford. The Pro-Confederacy one is just "Dixie" by Tennessee Earl Ford.  Also, here is a roughly hour long video where a Libertarian will argue  to how Abe Lincoln was America's first Dictator via making the Federal Government more powerful over the States and that the Civil War was mainly about State's Rights. Assuming you're not satisfied with a Strawman Cartoon and a satire playlist arguing one side of the argument; look up on Youtube _Abraham Lincoln: American Dictator_ by Rageaholic.  The countries of Western Europe were hoping the South would win.
I don't really keep up with racist trends, especially with apparently people wanting to bring racism back,  but do anyone besides trolls trying to get attention and probably kids that don't know better and make content on platforms actually support the confederacy to this day😅?
Just to let yall know.... do not ever go up to someone and start confronting/ screaming/ yelling at them because they have bad / wrong opinions. If you actually want to change their mind, go up to them CALMLY and literally TALK to them and ask as to why they believe said idea. Talk to them like a friend. Try to calmly explain your opinion while you give them time to explain theirs as well. Yelling at people about poor beliefs only makes them believe them stronger and also turns them off to any other possibilities on the matter. Also, if someone firmly believes in a crappy belief that might be clearly horrible... just agree to disagree. That seems to be a lost art in conversation in our culture... sad
Based
Haha nice. The south is goofy
Love you ❤
Fun fact: After losing the war, some southerners fled to countries further south in America, including my birth country Brazil, where they adapted and celebrated their "heritage" from the Confederates. at a mega stupid festival it's prejudiced where they're waving this filthy flag like they've won the world cup.  and unfortunately my hometown is where they are located (santa barbara do west). I always grew up watching this festival and never thought it was a big deal, but when I grew up I realized that it was horrible for me to be an Afro-Latin with gypsy descent.  forgive my mistakes in writing english is not my original idiot. AND GO BRAZIL 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Confederacy also wanted to put an end to the federal government, this would give the states more power and they would’ve been able to have more autonomy to the point that they’d be like a small country
"States rights to what?" "Property." "Oh yeah? And what kind of property?" "My property."
Loved this! Now a video like this is something I'll celebrate!
states rights to own farm equipment
People who defend the Confederacy also said they are patriotic 100% lying themselves.
The Annoying Orange fact killed me of laughter
I sure do love all these income taxes and an over bloated federal government.
People who claim the confederacy is their heritage are fucking dumb. They act like the Southern states only became a thing with the formation of the confederacy
"The Union wasn't keeping slavery going lol"  My brother in Christ there were slave states in the Union, _they were keeping slavery going._
TEXAN here. I never understood why our state actually got involved. We just got done with our own war 25 years earlier, sold land from Wyoming to Louisiana to the United States just because we ran out of money. Why did we f*cking join this? I kid you not, I've been to Gettysburg, there are tombstones of soldiers who WALKED from Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana just to die right there.   I mean, people want to know why I say "Southern is really a SouthEastern thing" Yeah, that right there. I even poke fun at others saying "REAL Texans don't call themselves Southerns. They're Texans. The hierarchy is very simple :   Texan American College Team Professional Team High School  It's not that complex. Oof. I really needed to get that off my chest.
Common Goobus W
your average gaming console has a longer lifespan than the confederacy
This comes just after I was listening to battle hymn of the Republic and shouting the battle cry of freedom
Fucking based. Didn't expect to hear it from Doobus Goobus, but I'm glad to be able to count him among the based. Fuck the Confederate traitors and the modern day traitors that still defend it.
this just reminded me that i used to have a huge crush on one really pretty girl about two years ago but immediately lost interest the second she started wearing a hat with the confederate flag stamped on it
Me and the boys marching through Georgia
It called the lose cause because there no way reasoning with confederacy defenders. Stay mad traitor lovers
The Obama administration lasted longer then the confederacy
What the fuck did i just witness
General Sherman did nothing wrong
What are the other concerns exactly? Slavery is bad, but I wanna know what other concerns these people have. If it's just slavery than I'll apologize for prying, but now I'm curious.
1) The narrative that the entire war was fought purely over freeing/keeping slaves isn't true. It was only one factor among more, and it was mainly a motivator during the beginning and ending for PR. Lincoln himself is quoted, and you can google this, "If I could save the union without freeing any slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that." He also declared that Whites and Blacks were not equal and did not want them to become equal in another quote I'd post but he used the forbidden n-word. Jefferson Davis, President of the CSA, stated that he'd rather free the slaves than continue the Union, which should show that this was more than just them but about the relationship with the US government and local states. Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson taught his slaves to read (why would he if he was fighting to keep them enslaved?), General Lee freed his own, and the CSA not only let Blacks join their ranks but paid them the same as Whites, while the North not only segregated their units but paid Blacks half as much. Northern States like New Jersey were known as the Slave State, the famous Wall Street used to be a major hub for selling slaves that rivaled New Orleans. The Northern States even proposed an amendment that would allow slavery to continue if the South didn't secede. Even Irish people used as Indentured Servants (slavery under contract) if the North was opposed to it. So as we can see, this wasn't simply cut and dry about owning slaves.   2) Economic reasons, like almost all wars are fought. The Union did not like the states going around their taxes and selling stuff directly to other countries, while the South felt that the taxes were too harsh and was forcing them to. Which leads to my next point.   3) The North had most of the cities while the South was very agrarian, this meant that the Northern states had more voting power than the South. If you're being outvoted and can't change the tax, what else are you going to do? Not to mention they were importing more people by the thousands who'd vote for whoever they were told and promised a better life. Gangs of NY shows this very well  4) As for slavery itself, despite what you hear it wasn't as profitable as people made it to seem. The Industrial Revolution had already spread to America, which meant that less labor was needed for agrarian style jobs, while a rapid buildup of the Northern Cities was happening that could then outproduce and manufacture the South. Slaves did not build this country, it was already built and being built further by the Whites who were the supermajority at over 98% demographic wise. All those cities were build by working class Whites, all those towns and neighborhoods the same. Blacks picked crops like cotton, oranges, and tobacco which were often sold overseas. Most of the FF believed slavery was on its way out and would do so over time.   5) Fear of a Haitian style slave revolt. If you know your French history, you know what happened to them in Haiti where Whites were slaughtered horrifically, followed by the mixed race offspring. It's mentioned in both CSA propaganda and the discourse of their government. The French freed the Haitians in 1793, 11 years later the Haitians slaughtered them down to the last men, women, and children  6) Land ownership. A lot of Whites not only did not own land but were either renting it from someone else, or were living in the wilds, and the war promised the ownership of land that was actually good as opposed to living in swamps.  These are a few reasons. Yes some, mainly the upper classes, did fight for slavery because they wanted to maintain their business and wealth, nobody disputes that. But a lot of it also had to do with the North using immigration to get more votes and taxing the other states. Most of the actual people fighting in the Confederacy saw it as having enough of the North and wanting out. If the CSA won, they'd have had to abolish slavery and deport them back to Africa anyway since slaves were used for cheap labor and they'd need to keep the people employed or else risk their own revolt from within by war hardened veterans.
i know you got a few people murder mad, they prob goofy in da head.
I'm ready for the down thumbs. A vast majority of people fighting for the south were poor farmers who couldn't even afford slaves. The ones who could were not fighting as they could just pay the confederacy to leave them out of it. Also, taxation on imported goods were outrageous at the time that only the richer north could afford. Then you got to include the fact the there were very few abolitionists at the time, projected to be less than 10% of the populace. Now, people who argue it was for state's rights are just as foolish, it was a war over economy like any other war. Now, bring forth the hate or delete.y comment. I fear neither
Yeah, you lost, we get it.
Yknow whats funny is that the South’s slavery wasn’t even in danger until they seceded.   Lincoln didn’t care one way or another about slavery politically (morally he thought it was wrong but didn’t think he had the right to stop it), but the South assumed he would and preemptively seceded… causing the Civil War and their loss of slavery.
That was all correct except for the fact that Lincoln wasn't planning to abolish slavery when elected. I think the wanting to secede  over slavery and then Lincoln starting a war to prevent them from seceding was just a good enough reason to push for slavery to be ended permanently.
HIS SOUL GOES MARCHING ON!!
IF ANYONE HAS QUESTIONS ABOUT THE WAR OF SOUTHERN INDEPENDENCE ASK HERE. i caps so people can see this. i can help since i HATED the CSA when i was young but changed in the future.
UNION FOREVER!!!!!
States right to ignore federal ruling for example constitutional carry.
Well actually Abraham Lincoln didn't care that the South had slaves he just wanted the states to unionize but the south said no disrespectfully so Abraham Lincoln said "then no slaves for your dumb ass" and so began the only useful war in history. P.S. I'm sorry I just thought this would help everyone. Have a nice day everyone and remember  Peace and love man ✌️🖖 Also I'm a northern XD
I’ll never understand how the “hardcore fuck yeah America” “patriots” will also turn around and be waving the confederate flag  Like do you like America or hate America cause that definitely implies you hate it
"Very few things in history are black and white, a lot of it is gray..." Okay fair.  "...and thar includes the Civil War." Ya lost me.  As a historian I endorse this cartoon.
As a Southern Historian, it was about Slavery. This is mainly because the South’s agrarian economy benefited only a certain class of people (the rich land owners). Hell, they even convinced the Yeomans and others to fight for the Confederacy by usage of the talking points commonly used. All to protect economic interests. The north wasn’t any better, as they waged war mainly because they wanted to maintain their dominance over the Southern markets.
Huh.  May not want to show this one to the Middle East...
Lifelong southerner, born and raised. Fuck the Confederates.
I wonder what what Chicago would look like if the confederacy won… maybe it would be civil
As a Southern man I dislike the confederacy but it provides a benefit to the modern south of weird Yankees and westerners being tourists and buying fake confederacy stuff from the rebel shop
Fr. If you wanna have southern pride then wave a flag from a southern state. I’ve had relationships that lasted longer than the confederacy.
Your just mad you can’t afford slaves
A piece of erotic furry roleplay literature somewhere online lasted longer than the Confederacy  We call that a skill issue
I found this hilarious, but it genuinely wasn’t so simple.  And everyone who keeps cheering this strawman as 100% accurate without just appreciating it as a good joke, our education system has failed you.  Gosh it’s far more complicated than this, even if the boiled down simple version does lead to this.
What’s even worse is the Doritos locos tacos are 6 years old
This is a very good history lesson
doodle american 🇺🇸✊️
9:14pm July 10 2023, Monday 4:29pm Feb 4 24 Sunday
Traitors are seething
As a Louisianan who drives past 5 confederate flags a day on my way home I fucking hate the confederacy
very true and based video but i hate that people still use the confederacy to bash actually giving states more rights :(
I'm just gonna say I feel like for the natives here who's tribes fought for the Confederacy, we had a good reason to fight the Union at least they were genociding us.
Never thought I needed a marching goobus in my life but now I know
Now as a Texan I am offended… That it took this long to make a video so easily debunking the core argument of confederate bootlickers.
The song at the end was the cherry on top! Thus is art!
I don't really political things, but damn this is pretty funny and honestly i agree with the Green Man, if slavery is something between your concerns... Honestly, a don't give an f about the rest, and you deserve nothing but a f'ing punch in the face...
Based and Douglass pilled
“Slavery is evil” according to what moral standard? How you feel? Cause that can change super easily.
For somereason this reminds me of that clip of somebody defending their confederate heritage. When he talked to about his far, people asked who were working it and he responds "my family! Do you have any idea how expensive a slave was back then!"
Half the population had no representation in congress, and had massive tariffs on all of their goods which kept them poor. Also, the North kept their slaves for years after the war. But sure...all about slavery.
Bro I can’t stop rewatching this
❤
So how many subs did you lose because you were right?
"There were black people that owned slaves at the time." And that makes it ok, how?
I'm not trying to defend the Confederacy, they were an afront to the America I know and love. However, it would be remiss to ignore the fact that the first couple of states to secede from the US did so over taxes. It wasn't until the Confederacy was formed that slavery became the decisive factor.
This is very obnoxious. I don’t disagree, but it could be less “HAHA! I GOT YOU” you know?
The cornerstone of the confederacy written by the vice President of the confederacy says that the corner stone of the confederacy even existing is that the black man is inferior to the white man. There can never be an argument which says otherwise
Tell ‘em, my friend! Tell ‘em off real good!
A lot of brave young men fought and died in yet another rich man’s war. Most for reason they didn’t fully understand. But you go head and pat yourself on the back. You’ve earned it.
i especially despise the confederacy because according to my school, just having a playlist that mentions queer people is equal to being someone who celebrates their confederate heritage. No joke, I got called to the principal's office and was told that me having a playlist about a very specific queer experience was equal to someone who went to my school who's family literally celebrates the confederates. I hate the South so much :(
The issue of slavery was mainly an economic one. The Union wasn't exactly taking a moral high ground. Many people fought for whichever side they were born to because they didn't want to kill their own friends and family. Lincoln was trying to send all of the slaves off somewhere else before he died. Racial equality was not really on the table. Also all Confederates were granted amnesty. I live in an area where even blacks wear Confederate flags. At this point in time I think it really has less to do with slavery and more the fact we think all Yankees are ass holes. Much like how they view us as dumb hicks. I have respect for both sides of the war because it was a crucial part of history. Americans died trying to defend their homes. You can make very good arguments as to why the Confederacy should not be celebrated especially from the perspective of General Lee. However the current generation making fun of soldiers that went to war when they can't even go to the store without a mask on, decide what gender they are, or pay off a college loan is pretty lame.
That’s something new
USA  USA    USA
Slaves should be free
So I’m gonna give my two cents as someone who grew up in the south  So the south was making a lot of money of slavery with Cotten,while both the north and south were making money off of it. Than the south wanted succeed and break away and be their own country with slavers. Basically cutting of the north money that they were also making from slavery. Than the north went “nope you can’t do that you gotta stay with us or die” Civil war happens than slavery is illegal than the south h becomes a poor shithole. What’s important to realize was *AMERICA* was built off the money from slavery not just the south. And who are you fooling which is more beleivable.   A. The us government decided to end slavery out of the goodness of their hearts and wanted the slaves to be free, (and let’s not even get into the part where setting a slave free doesn’t do anything if a 40 year old segregated man can’t read or write and is on his own now,AND THE NORTH DID NOTHING ABOUT IT.)  OR  B. The us government ended slavery because the south wanted to break away and the north would lose money.  You people suck up to the us to much,I’m not defending the confederacy they had slavery. But you people need to know that  Doobus maybe don’t try to do the cringe thing having a bald eagle and an American flag in the background and shouting “M’ERICA!!!” for the 4th July. I expect that from those stupid band kids who I used to go to school with who would shout out memes that weren’t even funny when they came out,so maybe stay out of politics and (and unfunny memes cough cough) and go back to make funny videos.
Slavery was bad very bad and the confederacy was just trying to get slaves but let us not forget the farmers who were killed horribly by the union and also Robert E Lee wasn’t a bad guy
Bit of a fallacious argument. The ends don't justify the means. Even to abolish slavery, normalizing govt carving out exceptions to states rights for things it thinks are real important is not how to go about it. It's why the govt is this close to enslaving people today. Because it was given permission to carve out exceptions to the constitution in order to suspend rights.
I find it very stupid that not only is there people in the South that still defend the Confederates, but there are people up north who fly the Stars and Bars around and find it patriotic. My brother in Christ, Ohio was a free state and fought for the Union. You are not paying respect to your fellow Americans, you are honoring traitors that your ancestors most likely killed because even they saw the true evil that the South was trying to protect. Reminds me of all the neo-Nazis whose grandfathers probably killed real Nazis and fascists.
ANNOYING ORANGE 😂
Well then it’s a good thing I don’t care about the feelings of the population of perpetually dissident ingrates who want me dead.  It was about the states decision to decide wether or not to allow slavery in their borders.  I absolutely hate the federal government and the federal government’s unrelenting expansion started here.  So yes I’m absolutely going to continue to defend the idea of the confederacy and the states rights to open rebellion should we be stepped on too severely.  I hate the federal government so much I’ll support literal slavers if it means even slightly inconveniencing those pencil pushers in Washington.    This is also semi unrelated, but god damnit give me my automatic rifles back you spineless bureaucrats!  You hear me FBI, CIA and ATF!!  I want my fun switches and I’m sick of your bullshit law that jacks up the prices of half decent automatics into the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
All the comments are ignoring that dude got fucking Douglased!?
baby shark has been a song longer than the confederacy was a "nation", hell GTA5 has been out twice as long as that that farce of an idea.
Saying the Confederacy is evil because slavery and therefore every everything and everyone involved with it is wrong is disingenuous and wrong. Would you accept the say thing being said about abortion. Because the person who started parenthood and was majorly involved in it getting legalize was also an eugenics who was using it as an method to eliminate inferior traits as they put it (aka minorities in the us) and for the record I think the south was wrong on state rights they even had to go with the north Central Organization that they were against during the war which was one of the north’s points against state heavy rights that over powered the Central government but I don’t think everything about the south was irredeemable and yes slavery was/is wrong.
He really did a joseph joestar on twitter lol, more power to ya'
States rights to farming equipment.
Oh no question the the south were pretty big dick holes but it did still come down to more then slavery as just cause the south was evil did not make the north good razorfist did a pretty good job breaking that down in his Abraham Lincoln vid
😬
the Confederacy was grey in the sense that their uniforms were that color and nothing else
To the people who think that it was the civil war was so simple. Look at today with Roe v. Wade. People are still debating what is a person and who has the right to handle that persons right to live.
That being said, it's still important to learn about that side of history so we NEVER DO IT AGAIN.
John Brown did nothing wrong.
I usually don't contribute to discussions about this because they make me upset and frustrated, but I feel like I should this time.  As a Southener, who has a few ancestors who fought and died for the Southern cause, this is how I feel about it;   I have no love for the Confederate government. Frankly for any government. I can totally concede that it wasn't exactly here for the best of intentions.  However, all I've ever truly cared about was the Southern soldier and their struggles. They fought and died valiantly and courageously at a severe disadvantage for the purpose of defending their homes and loved ones. All I've ever cared about defending was them. Not the Confederate government or its politicians.
Oh yeah reading those little pop ups didn’t leave much room to play devils advocate damb really should have been less race specific old guys.
They were the Southern Loyalists’ Templar Order,old enemies of the Assassin’s Creed Franchise.
I’m just saying the union wasn’t perfect sure but when one of their cornerstones of belief is slavery, you just can’t support them in anyway not in my book. Otherwise, you shouldn’t be supporting them. You should be supporting the ideals in like raw form.
It's 2023 and people still have the thought process of the 1800's and can't see what's clearly right and wrong, will humans ever evolve?
You fought for the rights to own another man? Sounds pretty gay ngl
Its never a bad time to shit on the confederacy
Nice. Well done.
Bro, you spit factors
Its true like how every street named after a civil rights member is a hell hole.  Robert E. LEE st.  "More lobster sir?"
If anybody is interested checkmate Lincolnites does an excellent job at proving all the flaws in the southern pro-confederacy group.   I also defy any confederates to state their position as to why its not about slavery and i will gladly give them the title of the video for them to watch to see that they are wrong.
I can’t believe Qwistoff defended states’ rights😔
Club Penguin lasted longer than the confederacy.
Goob being an atun-shei flims fan is  based as fuck
anyone gonna tell me abt the ending songs name
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS!! RATTLE SNAKES, AND ALLIGATORS, RIDE AWAY!!!!!!
Funniest part about the Civil War in my opinion is that due to the economy of The Confederacy being centered around agriculture and slavery, their development of other industries was stunted in comparison. You can argue that they lost a war for the right to continue slavery due to their reliance on slavery.
even if we erased all the context behind it i find it mad weird people are so hype to show a flag symbolizing they got fucking bodied
As someone born in the state of Georgia I can safely say this. If the confederacy is or was ever our heritage we need to get a new heritage. One that does not involve thinking you can own human beings or being traitorous scum.
Not so fun fact: after the civil war, many wealthy slave oweners moved to brazil.  you'd expect a bunch of racists would hate living in a black-majority country, but there is one thing they love more than that, lording over a black-majority country.
This is the animation equivalent of kicking a hornets nest. Best of luck dealing with those sore losers for the next few weeks.
I suppose it is easy to have this opinion when anyone who speaks on the matter in any way other than to the tune of any arch unionist is discredited. "We have investigated ourselves and found ourselves innocent," sort of energies going on.   Before any braindead comments calling me a neo confederate pop up, I'm not nor do I think it's worth defending, yet I do think there is something to be said about people who grand stand having the easiest opinions to boast about.
This is why you never argue against yourself. You get an information bubble.
Amazing. Love it. Also, Rhodesians never die.
Bro the government saw this and changed Fort Hood to Fort Cavazos  on the spot
👏👏👏
As a man of the south, DAMN RIGHT
Amazing Strawman
"I don't have even a basic understanding history so I'll just call everyone who corrects me pro-slavery because I can't defend my arguments"
You forgot about taxes and the 3/5s compromise
I like how you mentioned Annoying orange XD
Good content. Have engagement.
Shouts out to my man for just spitting some facts
After Lincoln died Andrew Johnson took over, Johnson was a Democrat, so after all that work to stop the Democrats they never stopped being a party and just took back over a few days after his death. This slowed the rebuilding of the south and lead in to the Jim crow state Democrats had dreamed of for years. Truly a dark time in our past.
😂😂😂😂I’m fucking dying that confederacy didn’t last as long as annoying orange. That’s hilarious
Confederate statues are just participation trophies we give to racists
You know... Black people had white/black slaves too. But you don't hear anyone saying anything about that. The main concern was due to over reliance of slavery as a tool meant the confederacy was afraid of the cotton and labor industry collapsing and not being as profitable anymore. Since the west had all the grain and lumber. They "fought for slavery" because they saw slaves as essential objects/tools for work, just like we see lawnmowers, sowing machines and even harvesting machines. Slavery was in fact NOT just black and white. Not that I'm for slavery. Just need equality on all sides and to listen to everyone's views. As not listening to someone's opposing view... Is very ignorant and foolish of someone (yes im using that word). Wanna know why America still teach about Hitler? Because he was evil and people need to learn from him, what happened, and how to prevent or see it before it gets out of hand. that's why ALL memorabilia is trying to be kept safe, to learn from it. I bet you wouldn't know what racism looked like on a doll or show unless shown an example of. I should know, I'm first generation Mexican. it's astonishing how more patriotic I am for this country than almost everyone else who was born here. Patriotic does not mean racist, elitist, or being a bigot. It's about being free to learn, question, stand up to, and think freely against someone's ideals. You think your oppressed? Say something bad about someone, you already have more freedom than majority of the world. Never give that up. you don't know real oppression until it hits you in the face with the back of a gun or a stick.
Honestly the American Civil War was the most black and white Civil War in history
I’m not that patriotic but god bless the troops that killed the confederacy
Their flag was shit too
The amount of pure joy and euphoria that I felt from this video. 100/10!
BORN TO RAID SOUTH IS A FUCK FREE THEM ALL 1859
so yeah. it was about slaves for the confederacy. that's what it really was for them. they couldn't say that though through "Official" means. so they used the BS of "States rights" and started the whole thing on the BS reason that the us wouldn't undo the tariffs on the goods they shipped out. tariffs that at the time made up ~45% of the US's Income. in reality they didn't want the US to potentially Get rid of their ability to use slaves for work on the cotton plantations
Finally, you gave me ammunition against my racist family member, thank you
ok ok ok but why didn't he list the other concerns in the video, I know them but like why did he say them slavery is evil but I want to atleast humor people and list every reason.
Motherfucker! I had no idea Union Dixie even existed! Thank you for opening my ears to the gloriousness
WHAT THE FUCK IS A CONFEDERACY 🦅🦅🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🏈🏈🏈💵💵💵💵💵💵☕️☕️☕️☕️      (edited to add more american symbols)
Of note, "Get Douglas'd" is far, FAR more merciful than the alternative and much more hotly contested "Get Sherman'd".
YYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I once commented about how I saw three confederate flags hung out in the country and some dunces defended it with 'well it's our heritage so it's okay actually'  Should some people be hanging Nazi flags out because it's 'their heritage?' Scratch that, I know there's a thriving population of edgelords on this site too. Hell do I know it... I live in a community with an unfortunate number of rockheads like that. The US south has its charms but the folks here sure don't feel like one of them.
One of the biggest misconceptions about the confederacy is the flag. The flag shown in the video is the confederate battle flag. Not the flag of the confederacy. Because yes there was 2 different flags that were used. But the confederate battle flag was seen more often so people just assumed that was the actual confederate flag. Many people in the south fly the confederate flag some because they re just like the guy in the video. Or the other reason is because they're ancestors fought in the war. Not everyone on the battlefield was there because they wanted to be, the civil war was literally making brothers shoot each other and families split because of the heated political tension at the time. Either fight or get shamed for being a coward and a traitor hundreds of young men died for a war they had absolutely zero interest in fighting but were forced too. Are after all the bloodhed they took their battle worn selves and whatever they had left and tried to start a new life again. Alot of southerners brandish the confederate flag as "Southern Pride". Others still have them around as a reminder of what they're ancestors went through and made it out at the end.
Hell yeah, dunking on Democrat history is always a good time. Thank god for the Republican Union.
i love abe from clone high being in here
The confederates lasted 4 years which is of course and splatoon proceeds to beat it by twice as many years
As a southerner myself, it blows my mind that there are people who don't understand that the confederacy is NOT something that should be celebrated.
Away down south in the land of traitors, rattle snakes and alligators. Right away, come away, right away, come away.
As a Michigander I was always have superiority over anyone below Kentucky
I have many complaints of the US and how we do things  I’ll never pass up the chance to call a confederate a traitor.
Yeah the civil war is one of the reasons why I think America sucks 😑
so-called "states-rights" supporters when: Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 👀👀
slavery was just an aspect of the barter system.    both became obsolete after the industrial revolution.   slavery in the south would've ended 50 years later when the mechanical cotton picker was invented, without a shot being fired.  we are no more morally superior for "ending slavery" than we are for "ending bartering".    if all our machines stopped working tonight, slavery would be back in fashion by morning.
Slavery is cringe and both sides had slave owners, The North either send some escaped slaves back to the South or send them to a Northern slave owner that wants more slaves. Yes even Abraham Lincoln himself is a racist and always hated the slaves. He just used them to fight the war that was over taxes and the states rights situation.  As a Puerto Rican I hate both American sides. Second class citizenship is slavery.
Sad that it needs to be said, but there are some parts of this country that need it... badly.
I don’t and do blame them. I don’t blame them Because the only reason they think that is because their school systems taught a completely different story than they actual truth.  HOWEVER I do blame them because as a human you should never take anything at face value, you should always question , and look further into what you believe in to check it’s legitimacy. But a lot tend to lack the will and intelligence to do so. It is not a sin to be ignorant …but is Is a sin to Stay ignorant
The Douglas elbow drop was a masterstroke
Id like to remind you many considered slavery to be a right, so for many the thought process was, if the federal government could take one right, whats stopping them from taking the rest. (No I ain't defending slavery or slavers. I'm just saying not all the people in the south were slavers, and there were infact more reasons then just slavery)
"The Confederacy was Bad" Nuh uh
Someone repeats actual facts and history, then these Gen Z CHILDREN commenting here: “STAWP DUFEND SLAVRY!”  Nobody is defending slavery. You’re just mad and emotionally unstable.
Probably the most pollitical I'll ever get on this art account, but honestly, good job on the video fam! Confederates are cringe.  Loosing 100 subs? Nah fam... they lost YOU. Keep up the good work. I expect more bangers from you.
Yeah, it's terrible that people try to defend it, but the bigger issue is how this shows people trying to ignore teaching it (FLORIDA+OTHERS).
Eat animated video I’ve seen in my entire life 🗿
people actually still support slavery??
Too bad there's more slaves today than back then
It's really funny how you hear the two polar opposite sides if you live in the North or the South. I don't get why people put confederate flags everywhere down here. Like, are you trying to say, "Hey, yeah! I'm a racist!"??
I just subscribed. Awesome.
sending this to every history teacher and relative ive ever had
Hi um history nerd and I have a minor nitpick but Abraham Lincoln never wanted to abolish slavery the man was more concerned with preserving the union and his speech at the beginning of his term even said , "I don't not intend to abolish the institution that you my southern friends depend so heavily on I simply seek to end trade and acquisitions of new enslaved negroes to this fair nation my goal has been and will always be the preservation of our great country of America." It only became about abolition after the president was pressed by his cabinet to have a real reason for the bloody conflict as a means to increase moral and encourage other countries who were interested intervening to not do so. Oversimplified has a great video on the subject matter and is also an animator. I do recognize this is a humorous video but I simply couldn't resist correcting your error either way I love your content please never stop being you.
You defend the Confederacy because of "muh states rights"  I defend the Confederacy because I love the redneck subculture and listening to Dixie Land.  We are not the same.
Robert Lee only joined the confederacy because his family was in the south. I’m not defending the confederacy, I’m just defending Robert Lee.
Racism is bad guys don't do it. I wish more white people would be slaves for awhile just so they know the pain!💀
I've read that Memorial Day got started to honor Union soldiers who died during the Civil War, so that would have been an even more fitting time for this video than July 4th. That being said, it's never a wrong time of year to shit on the Confederacy and its defenders!
The civil wars reasons are simple. The only gray morality is the kind found in most wars like the common people fighting over rich peoples crap
Thank you man
Hell yeah
It's kinda weird that we act like the REP led Union's prime goal was "freeing" the slaves when originally they were going to keep it to the south & prevent expansion to the west and only proposed bills and the 13th amendment to make it federally illegal post war crippling any further potential of southern rebellion.
One of the people on my street has 6 Confederate flags and is rumored to have a Nazi flag. My family is the only one who has a problem with that somehow?? Lad supports slavery and my family is the one that's wrong.
I like when people try to use the arguement "Well OTHER countries had slavery TOO!!"  Like, oh okay, my mistake, that makes it all perfectly good and morally acceptable. Your argument has negated all issues of "human rights" and "basic empathy" and such
Just want to point out that prison chain gangs are considered bands of slaves, and I 100% support their existence. Outlawing slavery means they cannot exist (as we just saw in the past election cycle when voters in Louisiana voted against an amendment to make slavery/indetured servitude illegal in 2022).  The slavery that people are taught about in school that existed as an agricultural institution in colonial America was indeed awful and needed to go, but slavery as a whole is not bad. I'll happily put murderers and rapists to work in a chain gang so they can be forced to better society rather rhan pay to have them kick their feet up, have access to whatever books they want to order, have free access to a better gym than my town has, with three solid meals a day. Put scum to work.
This the most based agreement about the reason why the Confederacy wanted to succeed
The greatest thing about living in the capitol of the confederacy is there's no shortage of public bathrooms in the local cemeteries.
States right to not have my families 108 year old 12 acres farm be taken because my father can't pay the new 12$ per square foot state tax forced on me by a mojority northern congress so their rich friends can get cheap northern land. Does that count?
The fact that the Yankee's made a diss track back in the 1800s to mock them for how stupid they were is one of the biggest Chad moves America has ever made
As a Mississippian, fuck the Confederacy.
I fucking love the clone high Lincoln
Love the video, but it almost feels like a venting animation from seeing some bad documentary to me xD
This is the weirdest episode of Checkmate Lincolnites I've ever seen.
Doobus: I will finish what you started.  *Stares reverently at Atun Shei’s lit AF Military garbs*
Yeeeeee merica
Duke Nukem Forever's development period lasted 3 and a half times longer than the Confederacy
SLAVES ARE FREEE RAAHHHHH  🇺🇸 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🦅
I'm honestly ashamed to be living in a state that was once apart of the confederacy, it was so messed up xd. I'm glad that the people of the union actually had some common sense and human decency.
You're 6 days late but this video was patriotic nonetheless. 😎🤌
People say this and then shop on shein.
Hi, Mr. Goobus. I'm from Texas, While I do love your videos and voice acting. I can see why people would think the Confederacy is evil and the Union is good, but I did some research to look into the grey matter on both sides. While the state rights in the south are consistent of slaves. It actually has to do with the state rights to govern themselves, which of course is owning slaves. But the majority of the south are based on agriculture. They use slaves to harvest cotton and tobacco which is the most demanded on both the north and the south. Clothes during that time period were made of wool and cotton. They needed people to harvest cotton because they didn't have the technology to harvest cotton easier like we do today. And while abolishing slavery is a good thing, The Union didn't think about the consequences of the cotton supplies, and they didn't have a plan for the slaves after they were free. I'm not saying you're wrong about anything and I don't know why those people on twitter would send you death threats over a cartoon video you made (and I don't go on twitter because what's the point? 😒), it's just with the civil war during 1861 to 1865, It wasn't about good vs evil, it was more about territory control over other states. If the union waited a bit longer like say a few years or so when technology is advancing like when Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin to separate the seeds from the cotton, then maybe, just maybe. The south would no longer need slaves. But what's done in the past we can't change, History exists for us to learn from our mistakes, not to judge. So, thank you for taking the time to read this if you do. Oh, and if there are any other facts that I left out, please let me know. And best of luck to you. 🫡👍
"Well, the confederacy didn't want to be oppressed by the north!"  Jeez, could you imagine having your rights being hindered based on where you live? Oh wait-!
Outcast lasted longer than the Confederacy and changed the genre of hip hop for the better, not just redefining southern rap, but raising the quality of the genre as a whole, plus they made Hey Ya. I vote that we should remove the statues of conderate generals and replace them with 3 Stacks.
Cue the people in the comments going "Doobus went politikal. Unslubribes!!!"
I don't like slavery, but I do like decentralizing the government and putting the power closer to the people it directly affects. Marijuana is still illegal federally, but with a more decentralized government, they have no say in that. Also, slavery is bad.
It’s really stupid that we’re at the point in history where someone can go “hey the confederacy was pretty fucked up” and some Cheeto-encrusted neckbeard will emerge from the dredges of the internet to be like “UMMM ACTUALLY-“ and there will actually be people who side with them 💀
Literally every time I hear the "states rights" bullshit, I just say "yeah, states rights to have slaves," they shut up REAL quick.
I think they try to say it was about states rights to secede from the union
The Confederacy was bad
But what about StAtEs RiGhTs
oh way down south in the land of traitors
I get flags can mean different things as time and context changes, but why the confederacy, literally only existed for slavery got it’s fans?
From reading the Twitter replies, they all seem to hold some hope that theyll be able to rise up and overthrow the government to avoid tariffs? Idk the brain rot is strong
If anyone wants to genuinely learn more I recommend atun-shei films “checkmate Lincolnites” series (the title is ironic he goes into detail about the lost cause myth and all that stuff)
Great video
Homestar head 1:07
Okay hear me out he makes a video with him dancing at the end to the full song just to bully Twitter
1. not all the states said they wanted to keep slavery, most states didn't even list slavery as a reason for secession 2. they didn't want us to secede and deprive the union of tax revenue 3. lincoln didn't abolish slavery in the union, he only did it in the south (the area that he no longer had jurisdiction over) 4. when the union army started losing men in droves when the emancipation proclamation dropped, proving that those men didn't give a rat's ass about slaves 5. the state's rights to self govern and not pay unfair crop taxes
Fun fact, not only was slavery codified into their constitution, not only did the people in charge say slavery was the reason they were doing it, but also slavery was non-negotiable for Confederate states. If you were in the Confederacy, you HAD to allow slavery. So the state's rights argument isn't just a bullsh-t lie the south made up after the fact to post-hoc justify their bullsh-t grievances, it's also COMPLETELY hypocritical.
And you ended with Union Dixie. I fucking love this channel. Signed, a Georgia boy.
I've never met someone who actually supports the Confederacy, they're just racist and REALLY religious and just like the flag
Hot takes as always.
John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave But his soul goes marching on  The stars above in Heaven are looking kindly down The stars above in Heaven are looking kindly down The stars above in Heaven are looking kindly down On the grave of old John Brown  Glory, Glory, Hallelujah Glory, Glory, Hallelujah Glory, Glory, Hallelujah His soul goes marching on  He captured Harper's Ferry with his nineteen men so true He frightened old Virginia till she trembled through and through They hung him for a traitor, they themselves the traitor crew But his soul goes marching on  Glory, Glory, Hallelujah Glory, Glory, Hallelujah Glory, Glory, Hallelujah His soul goes marching on
Hey don’t forgot it was also grievance over tax fraud and schemes to undermine the south
Remeber, we had a black president longer then the CSA existed.
I love mocking the Confederacy. Those racist traitors don’t deserve any respect 😂
First time watching you
The giga-strawman has been deployed
if the confederacy was a person it would not have graduated grade school before it died.
People still defending the confederacy, bro the war ended why are you standing outside with a musket, in a wendy's parking lot...
It only lasted 5 years? Why the fuck are people defending it? Like bruh.. is it really worth it at this point.. there was no heritage to defend, like mf
My favorite doobus goobus cartoon now
Doobus is da man !
Okay this is the ONE AND ONLY Time i'm going to say this ... W America Moment
This reminds me of my childhood back in 1867
Cook my guy
Hey friends who are going to make fun of confederate losers sorting by newest, wishing you good luck!
Problem is the confederacy was proven correct during then pandemic. Remember when The president and a bunch of blue states got into a pissing match over how they handled lockdowns and it was determined that the states did have the right to operate with that level of autonomy? That was the crux of the Confederates argument even  when Lincoln offered to keep slavery legal. The civil war was an absolute shit show that saw civillians graped by bummers and runaway slaves enslaved by unions soldiers. You wanna talk about slavery, cool lets talk about slavery along with the other human rights violations union soldiers were more than happy to play out.
People really be shitting on the pride flag and then wave the flag of a country that doesn't exist
Fun fact: The dev cycle for Duke Nukem Forever outlasted the CSA  Additional Fact: No nation ever officially recognized the CSA as a country, the closest they cam was being declared belligerent by Britain
Attention Lost Cause defenders:  Please make your way from here to Atun-Shei's "Checkmate Lincolnites". I don't have the time to point out all the ways your arguments have been refuted by historical fact. And its more entertaining than arguing in a YouTube comment section.  Thank you, and remember, if you say "Heritage not hate" three times in a mirror, General Sherman will appear behind you.  Edit: And I just noticed Goobus linked it at the bottom of the description. Even easier to get there.
🎵AWAY AWAY WE'LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE🎵
To quote a man who was killed because of confederate pride and antisemitism, “why do we need to celebrate a loss?”
I remember arguing with someone who said he was very proud of a painting he had of Stonewall Jackson because he died for his country. To which I replied, "Correction: he was *KILLED* by his country as Stonewall Jackson was famously shot by his own soldiers, not by friendly fire during a battle, but by some guards that got scared during the dead of night." It quickly devolved into me questioning why he was proud of people who owned human beings as property.  Should have seen how he brought up how the founding fathers also owned slaves as a gotcha, and I responded with, "Yeah, and they were shitty people for doing that."
okay but the federal government was still a mistake.
Bro imagine supporting a nation that was outlived by twitter
Someone protect this man at all cost
Slavery would have died either way. Having a war to free the slaves was pointless.
State’s right to secede from the Union, the civil war decided no states had the right to leave the union without being allowed to by the federal government.
Tbh, you see so many Confederate Flags here in Alabama, but I mean, to our credit, Alabama does have the first Confederate capital (Montgomery) so seeing Confederate flags in that area is not an unusual sight, at least near the previous sight.  Thankfully it is falling out of popularity here, however the south is a fucking hellscape thanks to these people, THANKS TWITTER
The Fast and Furious movies have gone on longer than the Confederacy
God bless Doobus Goobus; he's truly all American :D
Not the annoying orange!🤣🤣🤣
Oversimplifying something not completely true while beating a dead horse, while acting like the Union didn't do anything wrong... I wonder why some people are annoyed. 🙄 I posed the question before, why no outrage about yankee slavery?
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
Admittedly, I remember back when I was in high school, I actually tried to defend another person for the flag because the school didn't want them to have it up or something?. I can't remember what was the context since it was years ago but I remember going up to my government class teacher, and saying their First Amendment right was being infringed upon. I only knew about the Civil War but I don't think the school ever really went in depth about the Confederacy. I think back then I thought the flag was like almost a sign of culture to the South. Thinking the oh there was slavery in it but not everybody from the Confederacy was down for it  Then I saw this video, now I look back to that moment with regret. To be fair I don't think the school really taught much about the Confederacy because I feel like even the student wouldn't have brought it in knowing this information. With that being said this was a really good video. Short but straight to the point, thank you for making this. I probably wouldn't have been educated until you made the video. God bless you and God fucking Bless America
I love some Confederate tears
Mao Zedong did nothing wrong 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
Gosh I wonder who's gonna get pissed off that the video ends with a United States Flag. I can give less of a damn about what people say about the stars and bars, but for some reason there's been people irrationally triggered by the Stars and Stripes.
Thank you Doobus.
THE UNION FOREVER!   HURRAH, BOYS, HURRAH!  DOWN WITH THE TRAITORS AND UP WITH THE STARS!
The only thing that's bugging me in this banger of an animation is that there using the war flag instead the actual flag
HE UPLOADED
Doobus may have lost 100 Subs, but he's earned our respect!
*anybody defending the confederacy*  Sorry I don't speak traitor
Honestly, my respect to Doobus Goobus for making this video and enduring the negative reaction of those people of terrifying ideology. It takes courage to put yourself in the headlights of scary people like that. Courage I would strive to have, and no one put him on the spot to do so. This is just a comedy channel. Thanks for using it for good.
lol there seems to be a hell of a lot of wannabe slave owners in this comment section
“States Rights to do what?”   Me, a Virginian: “To not be coerced into the union by military force?”
Beyblade as a franchise has been around longer 1999 - present
As a black individual, I drive a 1969 Dodge Charger with a confederate flag plastered on top of the roof. Others seem to hate me for it, I wonder why🤔
Doobus please run for president. You have my vote
Time to burn down Georgia again
You can like your heritage/tradition and still see that other stuff your ancestors did was screwed up, ain’t that hard. Stop living in the past people
THis is the greatest gift you've bestowed upon us yet. ❤
This is peak Patriotism.  Exactly what America needs.  Soon Mr. Goobus will be on the same notoriety nationally as Uncle Sam.
The states right to leave the union. The south was going to free slaves before the north, this is historically true. The union was also ready to make an amendment to enshrine slavery. The south still left.   Public school is teaching you what the winners want you to know. The goatfuck political landscape of today? Thank Lincoln, he created it. There are many documents to read from both sides, as well as third parties that show the good guys lost. Unfortunately.   Fun fact. Third parties also investigated the treatment of slaves. I encourage everyone to check out how that went. You'd be surprised.
Whatever you do, don’t be discouraged by twitter freaks. You are doing the Good work here
The moment a running gag beats you in something you know your trouble.
SJW trash. Unsubscribe.
But did you consider the story behind the CSS Virginia was really funny?
You tell em doobus I'll be laughing with ya the whole time
In doobus we trust
Great job giving me a video to use to show idiots who inexplicably wave a confederate flag
What sources did you use
I just like how the Flag looks -3- tho in my opinion im tired of the flag being connected to Slavery and Racism, i just want to enjoy something without someone getting pissed and/or offended
as someone whom is a direct descendent of confederate soldiers I support this message
not just do they celebrate a country that existed for less time then the annoying orange the traitors celebrate it by hanging a flag that was never used so the argument or respecting history doesn't even work there
I remember my 7th grade teacher said that.  Also she tried taking away my candy box.
Atunsheyfilms entire career in 83 seconds.
I'm a rebel loud and proud !!!!! but this still funny lol
TND
The wait between crash bandicoot games was longer what?
BAAAASED!!!!
Virgin Confederate Vs Chad Union
It was for their right to marry their cousins.
You’d think some northeastern states were part of the confederacy the amount I see flags up here.
Slavery is evil?  tell that to middle east
My virginity lasted longer than the Confederacy (and is still ongoing)  Not something I ever thought I’d announce proudly, but here we are.
WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸‼️🇺🇸‼️🇺🇸‼️💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥
Love it
CLONE HIGH ABE
Guys read up on cassius marcellus clay that man would've single handedly ened the war imo
I was born and raised in the South, and boy, do I love it. No sensible Southern person I've ever met has worn that stupid flag. I don't know why some people do. I'm kind of sad because the internet does NOT like us at all (e.g Alabama incest jokes, "They were slave owners", etc.). I also just realized that I'm being a big baby. I'm sorry, I just really had to get this stuff off my chest.   On that note, HApPy IndEPenDenCE DAy
but our guns
Based
Crack
get douglass'd is a response to racists that i *desperately* want to become a meme
XD do you wanna know the sad part for me is I still get confused on the uniforms of who was gray and who was blue but damn right
I need more confederacy bullying
Now that I think about it, the Dukes of Hazzard as a show lasted longer than the Confederacy did.
Very glad to know that there’s a Union version that I can replace my old Dixie version with. It’s a good song and even better when it’s not for traitors.
When even pragerU says the civil war was about slavery, you know the states rights claim is far fetched.
Not gonna lie, I really appreciate this video.
Those types ofpeople are shockingly dumb I've met fellas from Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin that thought their state fought for the confederacy and were proud of it
The north actually used the free slaves thing in the middle of the war because the north didn’t have enough troops and the actual main reason was the north was pulling a British and taxing the dog snot out of the south so both sides where in the wrong, also my family found a letter in our attic from a norther trooper and said how he almost joined the south because the north was doing some pretty messed up things but that’s a different story  I also don’t take any side in these debates
The only wrong thing about this video, is how seemly intellectual the supporter is.
Jokes aside though, it seems that it was more a matter of greed than hate that fueled slavery and losing that many slaves would've been hundreds of fortunes down the drain that were essentially the economic foundation of the South.   To that I say "good fucking riddance." If that's the economic foundation, it deserves to be imploded and filled with respected and paid farmers, not crimes against humanity for the sake of a few dollars off a shirt.
StatesRights2DoWhat? 😂
Lotta those morons here in michigan. Ya know.. the opposite side of the country lmao
Yeah this one irks me and the second amendment enthusiasts irk me for similar reasons. Because to reach the conclusions that both reached requires a similar level of purposeful ignorance. Though the second amendment group less so because they do actually have most of the rights they think they have. They just don’t get them from the second amendment. An amendment about how well regulated militias can have guns if they’re well regulated.
LETS ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE, AWAY, AWAY!
:0
I read the 2nd amendment and if i read it correctly only the FREE STATES AKA the ones without slavery were allowed well armed Militias.... no guns for the confederacy
as a non-american i did not know what the confederacy was and what they stood for until now lol. thanks for enlightening me
I am hollering 😂😂😂😂😂
The Confederacy didn't even outlive the fucking Wii U
Tf2 lasted longer than the confederacy
Well, very little in history is black and white. Sometimes it's grey and black. Really, there are very few heroes in history, and too many villains. For example, in WWII, the Axis was obviously the bad guys, but the allies were only good because of who they were fighting and being compared too. The British still had their colonies, and the US military was still segregated.  But the NAZIs were far, far worse, even than what I was taught in school. They don't teach about their other genocides enough, only the one against Jewish people.
The wait between TF2 updates is longer than the Confederacy
Its always impressive how much Occam's Razor can be applied to situations that people add complexity to to either downplay or even redefine so many aspects of things like history and current politics even.
Yup, it's never been about "heritage" its always been about hate and/or cognitive dissonance.
You know, still sounds kind of cynical when the centralized and almost authoritarian federal goverment is fighting proxy wars areound the world
This is why I loved my AP US History class in my junior year of high school, my teacher very vehemently affirmed that the war was about slavery and anyone who says otherwise is an idiot. He also showed us pictures of the lynchings that happened for many many decades after the war, and told us about how lynching pictures would be put on fucking postcards sold everyday in general stores in the South. Our teacher and the textbook we used didn’t try to glorify the good things in American history and hide the bad things, they both understood the importance of historical accuracy and I respect the hell out of them for it
"Slavery bad" Yo this guy is my hero. Insane take. I bet this guy is an angel. With morally provocative takes like that? Crazy. Saying what no one else will say or even dare to think.
State's rights to say that abortion is murder (or should be available "on demand without apology").  oh, wait, you meant the military war 200 years ago?  The right to secede from the Union. Yes, for slavery. But indeed for any reason you don't want to be in the Union. If they had succeeded, maybe California would have seceded over gay marriage and abortion already, instead of trying to drag the rest of us (hi, I'm from flyover country) into a stupid federal culture war.
Man, them Democrats, how little have changed...😏
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Based Goobus
Taxing and tariffing the everliving shit out of the southern states, and good ole honest Abe actually voted for an amendment to make slavery permanent.
It's like Hitler. Yeah Hitler helped Germany get out of one of the worst recessions Germany has ever seen.... But IT'S HITLER.
Can we all acknowledge how the Republic of Vermont. Lasted 10 years longer then the CSA?
Never argue with people John Brown would’ve shot
Hell yeah!
Crazy how the confederates were originally democrats but now the remaining few are republican lmao
States rights to own farming equipment
Annoying orange?
Well I am not American but from what I have assumed is that these states' rights were also needed for more open trade for Southern states with British and French that paid way more than the North for cotton and other goods. I even came up with conclusion that this was a wat between free trader, hedonistic and aristocratic South on one side against protectionist, righteous and more commoner North
The Doritos Locos Taco lasted longer too
Bro I just watched The Sound of Freedom and doobus made this. Weirdly appropriate.
“Very few things in history are black and white”  Slavery in America literally was.
This is a great political cartoon.
Slavery was more lucrative than the stock market. This has been your daily fact.  And the confederate battle flag looks better than the regular US flag by a long shot. Symmetry.
YAS.
Fuck any and all secessionists. Any time, anywhere. Looking at you, Texas and California.
Much of history is grey. But dang the civil war clear cut. THICC lines
CHECKMATE LINCOLNITES
It's always morally correct to dunk on the South.
Damn dems and after that they made the clan
Meanwhile it's almost illegal IIRC to mention the nazis or hold any memorabilia for non educational purposes in Germany. There aren't any statues honoring Them for "historical" reasons.
How to describe the deep south in less than 2 minutes.
How the actual f$cking h$ll is slavery bad a controversial opinion. heck I feel like thats not even a opinion i feel like thats fact this is just depressing to think this is true let alone the fact it is real.
The confederacy was a much better version of the post-revolutionary America than the current Union ever will be.
there are 854 disslikes and I think all of them come from people who from the year 1854
crazy how there are "americans" who are actually still supporting the confederacy
Most pointless video ever. I don’t know how this trend started of progressive people rooting for the Union as if Grant would be on their side if he could see America today. (I’m a Yankee btw.)
Someone get this man a second golden button.
States had a constitutional right to leave.  Abraham never freed a single northern slave,  and general Sherman's army were psychopaths and rapists.  Abraham instituted the draft as well and wartime powers, every warmongering power America has can be traced back to "honest Abe"
I’m pretty sure America is just a concept nowadays.
the Frederick Douglass ELBOW RAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
When did his tongue turn blue?
ABE
AHH!! DG i used to be like you when i was little! went to school... south bad and that was it until i got out of highschool.  southern rights! freedom from the government because the government is supposed to be the body parts while the states and people are the brain and organs. WE tell the govt what to do. slavery was used largely because they were brought to the states from 1609. SLAVES WERE USED FOR 243 YEARS! they became needed because the south had plantations MILES long and needed people to help. and guess what? slaves were as expensive as buying a new car. only the rich could buy them and guess what types of family's were also over here? jews..yup. "Fighting for our liberty, with treasure, blood, and toil." the state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's way of life, behavior, or political views. IF ANYONE HAS QUESTIONS ASK ME!
Haha, slavery was later added to fill the ranks of the north. Money was the principal reason, the north was taxing the south like crazy.
Funny clip. Too bad it simplifies a major war with 3 primary causes, 1 of which was slavery, to a black and white binary.
As an American. I respect your opinion.
To think the homies died faster than annoying orange-
The wait between Skyrim and the next Elder Scrolls game will last three times longer than the confederacy did. Or in other words, You traitorous MF'ers need Talos.
In my view there are only 4 reasons as to why you would have a confederate flag  1. You're a Dukes of Hazard fan  2. You're a Lynard Skynard fan  3. You're a museum curator  4. You're Uncle Ruckus  If you're not those four things, seek help
Typical W Doobus stance.
The ending song is so catchy i swear down.
Yes, we'll rally round the flag, boys, We'll rally once again, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom, We will rally from the hillside, We'll gather from the plain, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom.  CHORUS: The Union forever, Hurrah! boys, hurrah! Down with the traitors, Up with the stars; While we rally round the flag, boys, Rally once again, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom.  We are springing to the call Of our brothers gone before, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom; And we'll fill our vacant ranks with A million free men more, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom.  CHORUS  We will welcome to our numbers The loyal, true and brave, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom; And although they may be poor, Not a man shall be a slave, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom.  CHORUS  So we're springing to the call From the East and from the West, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom; And we'll hurl the rebel crew From the land that we love best, Shouting the battle cry of Freedom.
The confederacy was about the right to be a proud southerner, it was about their culture and how they refused to be lorded over and controlled by the north. I like you doobus, you're a fun guy, but I hope you wake up and see the truth soon.
This video is glorious. Please make more like these.
just some typical doobus goobus chad behavior
Love the ending song choice there.
Honestly I think that there could be a conversation about the south and if the actions of the south were reasonable or justified.  That said the first thing that would need to happen for a good faith debate for such a conversation to be held is an acknowledgement by all parties that the confederacy needed to be defeated, and that the south was always going to fight to preserve slavery.
The annoying orange existing longer than anything is probably the sickest burn you could inflict on anyone. I'll need to check the Geneva convention if it's legal to use it again.
States right to own slaves. We have the reciepts. But genuinely there were more justifications than just slavery. It more than anything it was related to taxes related to states (to their slaves)
I saw all this go down on Twitter lmao, thanks for being awesome.
Kentucky was 1 of the few states that had slaves that didn't join the confederacy. They didn't want blood to be spilt because some people wanted to have slaves.
As someone who has to deal with confederate flags everywhere in my town this is amazing
Salutus da GOOBUS 🫡
Clone High Abe lmao
Should've released this on December 6th honestly lol
God, I love the music by Tennessee Ernie Ford that played at the end of this video plus f racism
The perfect way to argue against the "states rights" arguments, asking specifically what they want the states to have rights to do.
Why do they think states rights are more important than human rights?
Don't forget that the Doritos taco from Taco Bell also outlived them
mfw i have to pick my own cotton :(
0:57 *Horus Heresy fashbacks* DAMN YOU HORUS LUPERCAL!!! YOU RUINED OUR FUTURE!!!!😡 In all seriousness though yeah, slavery and racism sucks, screw anyone who supports them, and screw the people that sent him threats on Twitter!👎
heh. all those dixies sayin the confederates shuld survive atleast to 1990's. But. heh,  funny this is.  South africa exists. just ask some of those Boer folks in the outskirts of johhanesberg. shit's nuts over there.
It blows my mind that we have to even bother arguing about the morality of a rebellion, started to preserve slavery, that killed millions of Americans for that stupid fucking purpose, and simultaneously couldn’t outlive a can of tuna.
Dude, I will never forget 5 years now, that is one of the funniest comparisons of this I've ever seen. Also sadly I have had similar conversation so this is a useful blueprint.
The history of slavery and the confederacy, was the history of the Democratic Party.
I approve of this message.
Whats crazier about this is that the confederacy was HELLA poor. I remember as a kid reading that they couldn’t even afford military uniforms. They just fought in their own clothes, and with their personal guns. Also, take note, slavery was hella expensive. You had to have money to own slaves. So the fact that a bunch of poor farmers were fighting for slavery, despite not having the pennies to afford it, blows my mind...
fun fact! the confederacy was worse on state's rights than the union!! :D
Wait, slavery was bad??
Didnt expect this one, but holy shit the comeback of states rights to do what is amazing i WILL be using that
My conversations always go like this:  "States rights to do what?" "Secede" "Why did they want to secede?" "Because the Union wouldn't let them"
Fun fact, a lot of Confederate officers fled the US to escape justice. Where did they go? F***ing Brazil. They pulled that crap before the N@zis did! And they're still there, to this day, their descendants and simpathizers numbering in the hundreds of thousands in a city called Americana.
Now do that there woman king.
RuPaul's Drag Race has been on for almost 15 years now, lime 3 confederacies. I say we put RuPaul on a flag and march.
Fun fact one of the first drafts of the Constitution would have abolished slavery but because America was weak and fragile the South would have succeeded all the way back then and they couldn't afford it
It’s funny how people who say it was about state rights not slavery completely ignore how many slave states tried to change the laws in other states that offer runaway slaves freedom if they crossed over to their territory and even send slave catchers to go after them even if they were given their freedom.  So yeah it was about state rights unless they offer slaves freedom then I guess their state wrongs and we don’t have to respect them.   Glass houses seriously.
Lincoln actually said multiple times that he had no intention of ending slavery. Was he lying to get more votes? Maybe.
What in the world did I just watch…
Erm, you can't apply contemporary moralism too ideologies that happened hundreds of years ago! (Even though there were people back then who believed slavery was bad and immoral.)
I’m afraid to google it. What is the annoying orange?
1:01 huh. ya learn something new every day. btw goobus what do you think of the annoying orange?
As a southerner, I can confirm all of this.
State rights are great in principle, but...The Confederacy was evil.
love the fact that you used abe lincoln from clone high
Bruh, i had a history class about it today :0
"Yeah but among the concerns was slavery so i don't care because you're evil and slavery is evil you should know this ANYWAY can you answer my question you fucking traitor" best most based rant on the internet
Honestly the north didn’t even try to end slavery, the south were just frothing at the mouth with paranoid conspiracy theories
Well this was stupid and obnoxious.  We all agree that slavery is bad but that doesn't explain how all that went down.  That's like trying to talk about how the Nazi's gained power in Germany and someone scream "They wanted to kill ....." we all agree that was bad and is still bad, but doesn't tell how it happened.  Things like Germany in a depression, in part due to the winners of WW1 making them pay for a bunch of stuff, is how a certain mustache man was able to point to a certain demographic still had money being the "bad guys".  Obviously wrong, but enough desperate people believed it.  That's just one example.
a black man was the first slave owner.
Slavery, or a timeline with Biden. Hmm
unbased, cringe, and unsubbed. What race owned all the slave ships? IT WASN'T THE CONFEDERATES I CAN TELL YOU THAT
As a Texan, I'm glad we don't have the confederacy, slavery is bad, and it's gone from our country, and now we can all enjoy bbq and sweet tea :)
Doobus is a deranged internet shitposter but he's an American deranged internet shitposter
The only reason this is considered controversial is because American racists are always allowed to be themselves with no pushback.
Trump's presidency lasted almost as long as the Confederacy. Imagine how long we're going to be stuck with his fan club...
I dont like how ppl were bullying you over the civil war shiz. Youre one of my favorite animators, but it was over states rights and antifederalism. Slavery wasnt the causing factor over the civil war. The csa was the continuation of Jeffersons America rather than the more centralized American Empire that was being birthed. As those sources you quoted are out of context. Know that the northern states at the time which were controlled by the wig-republican party wanted high proective tarriffs and taxes (infinite money gun go brrrrr...); segregated blacks and whites (yes the northern states started what would later be the jim crow laws. To the point of not allowing blacks see or visit the precession of Lincoln's funeral or live in certain states or counties. R.E. Lee was happy that slavery ended as he freed most of his before the war and called slavery a national evil.) to the point of federalized camps in the south, exile, and extinction of the black race (yep. Yikes lol); and the end of succession. Succession was that Jefferson said was essential to a republican government and the American way. The fact that they, the sources you have given, speak on these matters as well is clear evidence that slavery wasnt the reason for the temper tantrum the south had. Stating the new [federal] government will, or can, not speak on civil right matter bc its the right of the state (like Canada's or Switzerland's states rights as canada and Switzerland mimicked the Jeffersonian south's politics by the letter. Maybe the reason why Switzerland is one of if not the freest country in Europe to this day) and not the place of the federal government to make decisions on those matters. The csa wanted to continue the bottom-up style of Jeffersonian, or medieval and Aristotle, republicanism instead of a top-down, or Hobbsian, republicanism. Another note, most of the slave owning southerners wanted to free their slaves but some like Jefferson's estate couldnt because they were in debt to the national bank. Others are noted to practice serfdom rather than Euro-Caribbean slavery decades previous. Virginia was planning on green lighting something akin to compicated emancipation before the war. To quote a frenchie politician, "the north loves the idea of the negro race but hates the individual." He as well as other european diplomats also concluded that slavery was a deadlier and crueler practice in the north than the south. My favorite frenchie, again, "the negro [in the north] is free, but he cannot share the same right, pleasures... of him whose equal he has been declared..." If the csa wanted to have slavery so badly then why did they, the csa, offer the freedom of all slaves on the spot if england would stop the north's blockade and considered emancipation through patriotic response (though yes. A few months to a year late)? Note: Lee and others were happy at the idea of patriotic emancipation as it wouldve been "silent social revolution." Was the antebellum south racist and supporting slavery? Yes, but no more than the north. They were like twins bound at the hip eating of the same continence. One wanted to seperate from their twin and assimilate those they called "child-like" while the other wanted their endless continence while proclaiming the expulsion, or eradication, of those they deemed inferior to til that point. Youre video has a corneal of truth in it, but its kindly misguided. I loved it though. I do want to state, so this isnt taken out of context as me saying I support the grave of the csa or slavery (honestly, that sounds like a modern marvel strip), that I do not support slavery. Its evil and deplorable at best. Those who supported it will meet HaShem and have to answer for their sins like a great sundering. Watch Razorfist's video on the matter and Abbeville Institute. Custos Veritatis.
Even aruba's lasted longer than the confederacy, imagine being outlived by a country with a hawaiian-like song as their anthem
blockbuster lasted longer, so did friends,the fairy odd parents,dragon ball z, and many more
To be fair, both sides sucked. It was only the rich in the US that could afford slaves. Between higher taxes on poors, conscription for expansion and rich a$$holes not paying a fair piece, rich people sending the young to die was inevitable once they were told they couldn't keep indentured labor. When I say taxes I mean if you had windows, tax, got livestock, tax, got too many blankets, tax, not even kidding. Rich a$$holes never change. Slavery is bad, for a modern representation, ask your Amazon delivery driver.
This makes me think there will be people in 200 years who say the annoying orange and fred is their heritage, what a time to be alive!
Just a bunch backwards, unintelligent, slave owners who can't accept the fact that they lost.  But enough talk about Native Americans.
This content is incredibly based.
Slavery is bad, Nazis are bad end of story
The fred doug elbow drop outta left field made me fuckin lose it
A lot of Southern discontent was due to the fact that Congress was held during the part of the year when farmers and plantation owners needed to be home bringing in the crop, which left the South without representation. They wanted to have Congress be held in the winter but no one else wanted to travel in the bad weather. So yeah, the Confederacy was awful and whatnot but saying it was 100% slavery isn't quite accurate.   We don't need confederate statues though, why we celebrating losers? Lmao
This is peek humor. I tip my hat to you.
Gonna airdrop this whenever I see a big ass truck with a confederate flag on it.
People talking about what happened on twitter,  I don't use Twitter for reasons. Can someone tell me whats going on ?
Slavery was a large part of it, yes and racism (before it was known as racism) was a determining factor in wanting to keep slaves as slaves, but let's not be altogether untruthful. It was a lot of wanting to keep unpaid workers working for free, than to adapt to the new modernizing machines and have to pay workers (thus reducing potential profits). It works the same way now, wheras companies are looking to automation to take the place of paying workers to do menial tasks (as a machine should /technically/ not break down as much as the average worker would get paid. This depends on the machine, ofcourse but that is the general view) and thus increase their output and profit. Generally speaking, human capital is meaning less and less as technology advances. The "states rights" argument was one for economic reasons, and historically the interstate economy has been a function of the federal government, so it's really a non-starter as a legitimate reason. In order for it to be a states-rights argument they'd have to restrict all slave-produced goods to intrastate sale. Slavery was simply, from the Confederates minds, better for profit. Ignoring the racism part of it all. Slavery-Lite(tm) existed for almost a century after the civil war in the form of indentured servitutde and chop sharing, etc. Some might even draw parallels to today, though it's a weak argument since mobility is possible if you have a job you hate.
States rights is still better than trans rights
Yep this argument could also be made for abortion
Imagine supporting the losing side
It would have been perfect if you went the extra mile and pointed out how the Fugitive Slave Act actually spat on Northern States' Rights, since it forced Northern Citizens to aid and abet Southern Slave Catchers on pain of fines, imprisonment, or even charges of treason.
I'm surprised their numbers haven't affected the dislike button
anytime someone uses the phrase "states rights" you can bet all your worldly possessions that they mean "states rights to do the most evil things you can imagine to a marginalized group"
Nice video, but just so you know the states used to be their own countries and were in a federation similar to what the EU is now.  Around the time of and at the end of the war, the states lost a lot of the ability to govern themselves and have since become more and more dependent on the central government which is largely detached from the common citizen.  A less centralized government gives each individual citizen more voting power and more control over their own lives. The confederates were white supremacists, true, but saying that wanting the US to become a confederacy means you are a white supremacist is like saying wanting to abolish the Patriot Act makes you pro-terrorist.
Even though I haven't celebrated the 4th for the last couple of years because... well look at all this bs... I still made it a point to VERY LOUDLY play Union Dixie(both the Ernie Ford and Trap Remix versions) on the fourth
Was that a clone high refrance 00.40
I hate the confederacy I wish we all live in 1 peace! ☮️
Now talk about all of the war crimes and human rights abuses that America and NATO has done to the east and to non-white places, Doobus, AND all the coups, sabotages and sanctions on anywhere that wasn’t for Capitalism.
I love how the confederate starts sounding like Sonichu Chan towards the end.
Fun fact in the book company H (a book about a mans time in the confederate army) there was a funny story where a man thought he could kick a cannonball and lets just say it went as well as you expected.
And this is why if you wear a confederate flag in a low income city you will get the shit beaten out of you Slavery is wrong. I guess we need to tell toddlers that because I guess learning it in school isn't effective enough 🙄
As someone who lives in the southeast, I can’t tell you mad I get when I see idiots hanging up confederacy flags around their houses and on their cars.
I think people defending the confederacy really don’t know what it means. They use it bc they don’t wanna be oppressed by the will of blue states/leftists or whatever, but… it’s a very bad defense for a modern concern that doesn’t involve slavery. I went to school with a weird mix of red necks and minorities that somehow all got along (it’s a weird little town), and that was their reasoning whenever we had a debate.
Stares rights to own gardening tools?
Slavery is based
Wait...there are people still alive that support the Confend wtf
Oh year, it gets better; After losing most key Confederacy figures basically went "Guys. Remember. the entire reason we did this was so we could own slaves."
It's funny how some people hold confederate flags on their houses when the confederate flag represents hatred among African American and treason against the Union.
It's the fact that this isn't even an exaggeration, these people are actually out there and they just got actually offended by this
I found the jokes funny, and your art style appealing. I wish you long life and good health. May the algorithm smile upon you this day.  :  )       🍪
These supposed “patriots” are traitors. Guess what happens to traitors, turncoats, and insurgents for the VAST majority of history? Thrown in jail for decades to life, or executed. The fact that these *things* only get a few months at best is disgusting
Fun fact, the southern states actually tried to get the federal government to overturn northern laws that were made to protect runaway slaves, because the south never really cared about states rights they just wanted to own black people
Base video.
The fact of a bunch of absolute buffoons are trying to throw you shade because you said that slavery was bad brings both a chuckle to my voice and a tear to my eye
Diamond plated, historically accurate content.  You love to see it.
The Dixie parody topped it off 😂  They really had class back then.
I'd vote for a Pooh/Doobus ticket.
Based YouTuber
Fascists are OK... to punch.
Both the north and south benifited from slavery, although the south benifited more because they had more farmland. The north didn't want the south to be wealthier and more powerful so they wanted to abolish slavery. It IS a grey area, just not a moral one. The union fought for the right things for the wrong reason. It all comes down to money and influence, like it always does.   Defending slavery is a braindead move. But, this isn't a matter of gOoD vs EviL. It's the same people,  in the same country fighting their friends, families, and fellow countrymen for money and power.  Any war is a terrible thing, every soldier who's ever fought knows that. Just be happy something good came from it.   You can't argue with these people, bit try to see their side. Try to understand their logic and reasonong, and we may be able to help them.    You can completely destroy your enemy by making them your friend.
I wish I could like this multiple times
I hope the sequel is coming soon.
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS 🗣🗣🗣
LETS GOOOO DOOBUS IS BASED
Well actually it was about economy for the south                    Economy that was carried by slavery.
Aaaaaaaaaway down South in the land of traitors.
you came back with content
This was absolutely hilarious. My favorite video you have ever made.
It takes longer to develop an AAA video game than the confederacy lasted.
And this is how you lead to create the big bad wolf aesthatic
Mfw the confederacy was outlasted by the ps vita
Tbh we almost beat y’all…
Aqua Teen Hunger Force outlived the Confederacy
Actually the Democratic South was heavily Taxed and felt like the Tax Money was being used more North which is what actually started the War. :3 Tho Slavery became a part of it for sure. But ignoring the full reason like many do isnt a good thing.
States rights to do whatever the fuck you please.  That was the deal when those states joined the union.
I Missed goobus
I mean on one hand a state should be able to secede from the union if they vote to but on the other hand they only wanted to secede for the sake of not abolishing a crime against humanity…
Remember men forcing good morals is not oppression
Dude got death threats for having the correct opinion
The fact that people care more about controlling others own decisions who would never affect them, than just minding their own business will ALWAYS depress me. America what the fick
The hyper fixation on slavery, when emancipation came years after the war started...  "You're a traitor if you leave the union that taxes you and helps corrupt company interests first" Apply this logic to the Revolution and the double standard shows up instantly
Not a fan of the Confederacy, but state’s right to vote 🤯. I know, shocking how it’s not one dimensional.
I actually fucking LOVE this
0:50 My brother in Christ, you just admitted that you can't even defeat your own strawman.
The psvita lasted longer than the confederacy
Subtitle recomended
I respect no "nation" with a lifespan shorter than a PS Vita
Hilarious cartoon, thumbs up. The ending is a tad out of context however as despite the South losing the war, the North largely abandoned the freed slaves rights to make peace and so the "heritage" of being a bigot, having socially acceptable racism in public, and creating legal slavery through loopholes has lasted until this day. Part of why Juneteenth is so significant because many in the south refused to give up slaves after the war until the army finally intervened to end it fully (not counting the current slavery found in the prison system aka 13th amendment loophole)
Confederate pride is just a front so racist nimrods can feel validated without having to explicitly admit to being racist pieces of shit.  Imagine a german person having a nazi flag because he was proud of the nazis "fighting for their rights" to be pure evil when it was no longer cool anymore.   The confederate flag is almost literally the same thing for black americans as the nazi flag is for jews (my people). It is a symbol of oppression of those deemed lesser than the dominant culture through physical violence and slaughter.
I love how Goobus drew clone high Lincoln in place of, well, Lincoln
And in the 47th day jesus William bush made slavery the 14th amendment
Self-govern.
Fun fact: the black guy who crushed that old guy at the end is the creator of the Annoying Orange
Absolutely based
Quando si dice l'erba del vicino è sempre più verde.
JOHN BROWN’S BODY LIES A MOULDERING IN THE GRAVE  JOHN BROWN’S BODY LIES A MOULDERING IN THE GRAVE  JOHN BROWN’S BODY LIES A MOULDERING IN THE GRAVE  **BUT HIS SOUL GOES MARCHING ON**  Remember kids, it is always moral to kill slaveholders and free slaves. The first person to be executed for treason in the United States for attempting to free slaves said so.
Fun Fact: The devlopment of yandere sim has gone on longer than the confederacy did.
The annoying orange outlived even Nazi Germany
Recent history shows they want states rights to take away the rights of people that disagree with.
Slavery is a stain on this world. To this date. It might be wiser to postpone the discussion whose ancestors were arguing the right philosphies until the day that dreadful fact is finally remedied. But then again it is so much more fun to be right than to be efficient.
States rights to do whatever the hell we want. Keep seething yankee.
See my thing is, if your state wants to own slaves don't cry to the federal government when there are slaves that flee to states that have abolished it. They're asylum seekers. You're a country people run from...
Now while dunking on the Confederacy is always in season, after looking into Ol' Honest Abe...   The Emancipation Proclamation did nothing but give him more power.  That tyrant really did deserve to get shot.
My favorite part about the Civil War was when Grant and Lee got together and reminisced about their time killing Mexicans in the Mexican American war
Don’t let the conservatives find this.
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
Hi
The only good thing about the confederate flag nowadays is using it for toilet paper
To be as charitable as I can to these secessionists.. The federal government _has_ curtailed a lot of state power since that war ended lol That's not a sentiment in favor of slavery, that's a sentiment against the fed xD
They didn't need slavery. They figured out something better called the IRS.
The development time for TOTK outlasted the confederacy.
Gottem.
Yankee Doodle
I may like to make fun of the Americans but I love even more when one of those confederacy living idiots gets put in their place
This is my first ever comment on YouTube, and I just wanted to say my man Doobus is hella based 🫡
When I was a kid I had a history teacher that was a Confederate Apologist or whatever you would want to call it and always taught us how the confederacy wasn’t bad and this that and the other.  What a bitch.
Shît, I thought all of the defence of the CSA is based  on facts that there were anti-slavery confederates, and slaveowners in the north, I never knew there are ppl who actually think that csa did nothing wrong... But I don't think pro-slavery in the south was because of "evilness" they had weak industry, what else they could do?(probablygetanactualeconomics,buthey,theyneedanexcuse)
For more info, I will refer to Atun-Shei Films.
I’m Italian and I’ve no Idea what you’re talking about (no, this stuff is not on our school history books)
As a Texan I'm sorry.
Get rekt traitors
It's crazy because slavery still exists, and it's the 13th that permits it
It was about slavery, but to say that was the only thing shows the ignorance of this generation. I guess no one pays attention in history class now or they just don't teach it, or it's too hard to take 30 seconds to google it. It was also about tariffs and taxes.   "In 1828, Congress passed a tariff of 62%, which applied to nearly all imported goods. The purpose of the tariff was to protect Northern industries from low-priced imported goods. But it effectively increased the cost of goods for the South, which relied heavily on imported goods."  This was the beginning of seeds of the civil war.
Bruh I saw a confederate flag in upstate New York in the same town as a “say yes to polygamy” sign
In other news, the sun creates light.
We should dunk more on the confederacy
What makes me laugh, is those who defend the confederation and those who hate blacks and want them out, don't realize that the reason there's black people in America was because they BROUGHT THEM THERE!! XD
States rights are important but my god we have national laws for a reason. It was bad enough they held onto slavery after the revolution but just never gave it up. Only the North gets to say it was about cultural differences and maintaining the Union cause it always comes back to cash crops in the South or outright stating "racial superiority" in those secessions.
Lmoa confederacy was goofy as hell. Let’s hope they never come back
This was honestly pretty educational about the confederacy
This is one of those times where I wish we could see the dislike bar.   So answer the question: "State's rights to do what?"
They just mad that Lincoln was a based comrade BFF of Marx
Based as fuck.
"tHE sOUth WiLl RizE AgAIn!" Love hearing it along with the silence that comes after when I asks "When?"
Ironically, the entire point of the state's rights debate was about specific tax laws.  Slavery didn't start factoring into it until the Emancipation Proclamation, except the Confederacy kept saying that the North was trying to take their slaves from the get go even though they kept saying that wasn't the point.
i fucking hate those kinds of people who say "its not about slavery" it was and it will always be about slavery and racism.
ok but slaves should be free
*UNION DIXIE INTENSIFIES*
The states is just bad plain and simple confederacy or union
trade blocking with Europe that caused lots of starving
The  south needs to sit down, and Stfu  and if the "southern boys" have a problem with this, find me 🤬 and u will be humbled
I remember I heard the reply for state rights to what as "property ownership" wow, its almost like slaves were seen as property
As a black guy, I love this.
I’m personally tired of this reductive view of slavery and the confederacy. For starters I have lived in the North for all my life and do partially resent the confederacy because it although the events of the civil war happened 20 years before my ancestors even came to the states.   The thing I hate about this take is that it just reduces the view points of people as evil racist and good unifier. The confederacy and the battle of slavery was deeply complex, so much so even the founders knew it would be a source of deep divide for the nation.   The view points of slavery at the time were deeply informed by theocracy and historical precedent. Historically slaves had been in every nation through the entirety of history. There were some states that freed slaves but they were always had no need of the institution anyways and was typically short lived. The First Nation to remove slavery was Demark in the the 1790s. More importantly England banned slavery in the 1833 but none of these nations had major slave populations in their actual borders. They did not live, work, and speak to slaves so it was an easy move to make the change to go from official property to slave wages and sovereign control. Negro slaves were especially by no means legal equals to the whites that’s used to own them. So in most of the the confederacy founders lifetime slavery went from the unquestioned law of the land and a “moral good” to an evil abomination.   How can slavery ever had been considered a moral good at any time? Well here we enter the religious context of the time. The Bible makes very clear references to slavery and how to conduct slavery morally as both slave owner and slave. This meant that the literal word of God promoted the institution of slavery and as most in the south were extremely devout Christians the connection with chattel slavery was easy and apparent. Further the religious perspective at the time re-enforced the idea that that slavery was a calling for the Christian Slave owners and people. At the time a question puzzled religious leaders at the time when the new world was discovered, why had these people not heard the word of God? Why do they not worship Jesus and the lord as we do? This question led to the conclusion that it must be that Gods plan and duty for them was to teach them the word of God. They believed God had blessed them with there far superior technology to take these people as slaves and educated them through labor to improve all their lives.   This was incredibly misguided at best but makes sense when you consider their understanding of the world as the total supremacy of God. Most members of confederacy really did believe that slavery was a sort of holy mission. “Through labor, piety, and discipline African slaves would be made proper men of God” could be said to be the slogan of the confederacy. Horribly ridiculous to all of us but we do have a world view that starts at God. There were also of course people which really help uphold this world view.   Another major force at work in the preservation of slavery was that slavery was no longer necessary. Money and finance had finally evolved out of the dark age and things like wages became a practical thing to do. This was also the age of the machine and the need for massive labor was becoming irrelevant. Slavery was becoming unprofitable and nearly dead in every industry besides cotton until the cotton gin was invented. It after all was far easier to simple pay someone a meager wage and let them figure out their accommodations rather than responsible for the process yourself. Feeding, Clothing, and caring for slaves was very expensive and difficult. Like caring for work horses it is a Job in itself that requires a ridiculous amount of money and attention. It would be much more practical to just lose a bit of money and have them take care of it then for you to do it. Also remember that some of these people hate your guts, some do not really care so long as they are treated right, and maybe one or two actually like you. You have to spend time and money to keep order. Compared to wage where I can say “Don’t like me, we’ll have fun starving because I’m the only one who’ll pay you”. Order is ensured by the need for money.   So why did the south want to hold onto slavery despite the inefficiency? Because it was their “God given right”(eww) and it was their “holy” mission. There were the other concerns with the expansion of Unitary Powers that did ultimately become true.   So why do I see Goobus as being reductive while masquerading as wisdom? Because he does not know the context and simply says “south bad”. He also doesn’t understand the reason the idea of the confederacy became so ingrained as a cultural icon in the south.   The antagonism between north and south did not start with slavery not did end. The north always viewed the south as backwood peasant morons since the founding of the republic. Their was an immense cultural divide between the two regions for decades before and especially after the war. That more than any other reason led to the civil war although slavery was the featured part of that divide. After the war the North really did devastate the south. They sacked Atlanta which left deep wounds in the hearts of southerners for decades after the war. This was also the start of the carpetbagging of the south where southern governing and industries were put in the hands of northern cronies at the expense of southerners. The many dirty deeds done during and after the war in the mind of southerners created a great resentment in the minds of southern. Yes the lost cause education codified this but it was deep and present perception of the south. This perception was distrust and hated of the northern states with some good reason. This is what led to the confederate flags and hero’s becoming a part of their “heritage”. Confederate imagery was used as the lighting rod to say “fuck the carpetbagging north this terror will be payed for” which led to the  “South will rise again” mentality. Not to establish slavery but rather to give the north the just deserts they deserved and the love for their states.   As a northerner I can’t help but agree with this concept somewhat. The north was mostly unmolested during the whole war while the south was deeply devastated. The south had no hope to win the war and they knew it. They just wanted to make it such a blood bath the north would leave them alone. The north did commit needless atrocities during the war and really did not need to do so. It likely shortened the war but at high cost against the people who would be Americans after the war.   All I will say to end this is to say that slavery, the confederacy, and the rest are incredibly deep topics. They are not easily addressed by saying slavery = bad ~ slavery = confederacy ~ confederacy = bad. It’s better not to say anything if you are just going to reduce  it to such a basic level. It does nothing to address the hurts of history and rather just inflamed tensions in order to give yourself and others and unearned sense of moral superiority by chastising straw men.   Truly finally I will say I am northern, I’m glad the north won the war, and the confederates were traitors to the union. But I try to understand where they coming rather than closing my eyes and chanting “bad man bad”. It’s not that simple, nothing is.
Grand Theft Auto V’s lifespan is longer than the Confederacy🗿
THOMAS JEFFERSON MEANT WHAT HE SAID YOU DIRTY TRAITORS
Just here as a lifelong southerner saying i too roll my eyes when i see the don't tread on me and confederate flags as stickers or whatever. Please don't hate all us southerners 😅
Neat.
This video is based 🗿
I'm Southern, and every time I see a confederate flag sticker on the back of a car I WANT SO BADLY to stalk that car, wait for it to park and for the driver to leave, and then gennnnntly scrape that crap off the back of the car...with my keys.
They were more than happy to ignore states' rights when they wanted the Federal government to force northern states to return runaway slaves.
The new slave trade in Libya due to the Obama admin killing Ghaddafi has lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Fuck racism and slavery, but also fuck the federal government.
The States’ Rights crowd gets really mad when states enact progressive legislation. Almost as if it’s a dogwhistle for something else.
I can’t believe america won the civil war
I’ve heard arguments from some people saying that slavery had little to nothing to do with the secession by the Confederate States of America and the Civil War…they say it was REALLY about taxes and tariffs like the Morrill Tariff. I wonder WHY the North would’ve wanted to financially harm the South?…could it be that the South wanted slavery and the North wanted to punish the South for that?
They fought for their freedom to own slaves. Sounds VERY american to me.🇺🇸
Everyone who thinks the south wasn't pro-slavery should look up Patrick Cleburne and how the other Southern Generals treated him when he suggested freeing the slaves and drafting all of them to secure the south.
Goobus you absolute goober   You're as red white and blue as they come  YEEEHAAWW
Another thing lasting longer then the confederacy,  The Insane Clown Posse
State’s rights to own property.
Why do these people, in the modern day, want to own other human beings so bad? Hell, do they think they could even afford to own anyone if they somehow made the brutal practice "legal" again?!
It was a state's right to leave. Why they left is it's own issue but the point was that a state could leave the Union if they so chose.
The Annoying Orange outlived the confederacy…when you put it like that, it really does make the sympathizers seem like goobers, doesn’t it?
Weird because 5 states in the Union had slaves during the civil war and Lincoln said if he could keep slavery and the union he would have. He also suspended the rights of people and was tyrannical with the military. He also wanted to send them all back to Africa so again not about slavery it was about power and influence.
Go cry about it little beta broccoli man.
Oh boy, I'm making popcorn, anyone else want some?  :D  No one has thinner skin than confederate fans. My source is that someone I know has family in the south and while she was doing something there, and someone nearby was whining "they're taking the *statues* down ;_; " my friend said something to the effect of "You know, I think there shouldn't be statues of anyone who owned slaves, honestly".  And the lady that my friend said that to reportedly broke down into *actual* tears.
Okay just from seeing his video I can already understand that you probably failed American history. Because knowing to the fact that one not everybody was fighting for slavery, in fact only 5% of the American population owned slaves, in fact most of that percentage, so about 3% didn't leave the union. These would be the states of Missouri, Kentucky, West Virginia, Maryland and Delaware. Who mostly sided with fighting for the union. And in which the original seven states that seceded from the Union, succeeded for different reasons. Texas was the biggest one on seceding to regain its independence as it was its own Nation before joining union, and of which the United States government illegally annex Texas, even when Texas paid off the debt in 1858. South Carolina actually succeeded in order to actually get rid of the idiotic trading embargoes that in which the United States government had established, in fact this was crippling the Southern economy to the most that they actually were forced to rely even more on slavery. In fact the states that actually supported South Carolina the most were Florida and Louisiana. And as well I also want to put this out here South Carolina was the first state in the entirety of the United States at the time to actually make it illegal for the importation of slaves from Africa. An example of this going to be seen with none other than President Thomas Jefferson congratulating the governor of South Carolina at the time. And in fact other states is Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi we're succeeding because AutoMax of taxation that which was kind of destroying the Southern economy. While the other four states that seceded from the Union, actually succeeded because they felt more in common with the said original seven states that seceded before the shelling of fort Sumter. And in fact Abraham Lincoln's ballad wasn't even recognized in the Southern States, mainly because the Republican party was a new party. And was mostly seen in major rich cities and states. In fact to call Abraham Lincoln himself "In order to save the union I will not free one slave." And in fact, the union wasn't fighting in slavery, they were fighting to preserve the union. In fact the only idealism that the north was trying to end slavery, was in 1863 after the Battle of Antietam. So in fact the entirety of the war wasn't exactly about slavery. Seem to the fact that one slavery was still allowed until 1867. When it finally ended two years after the war!!!!!
All hail John Brown!
Hell yeah, get on the right side of history.
As an American in the south, both slavery and the confederacy were both the dumbest and worst thing that our country did and I’m proud to be in the UNITED states of America rather than some racist knock off.
Slavery wasnt abolished after the civil war. Neither by the confederacy or the union. I am not from the united States, thank god and it feels like other countries know more about you then you yourself. Bunch of hypocrites are you and nothing more
The development of yandere simulator has lasted longer than the confederacy 💀
slavery is underrated as an animator you should know
I love/hate listening to Confederacy supporters try to defend their position by bringing up the other reasons it was created when almost all the reasons loop back around to slavery.  Like sure they were worried about their economy but that was primarily because their economy was all built on slave labor. They wanted state government to have more power because then it would be incredibly easy to keep slavery legal in their states. Something being more complex than many people think it is does not mean that the thing is not still evil.
I absolutely love the final song it's the original distrack, and it's an absolute banger
I have heard that Annoying Orange insult before, except it was about Goth Phases.  “Why do you even care about the Confederacy? Some peoples Goth Phase have lasted longer.”
You’re goddamn right, Goobus 😎 🇺🇸
I hate how "The Confederacy was bad" is somehow a controversial or wrong opinion among some people. If you are one of those people, please stop trying to hide behind the "heritage" excuse and just outright say you're racist, it makes you easier to avoid.
The moment he said "States rights to do what?" I busted out laughing.  A Tier work Goobus
Now we've gone so far in a circle people genuinely support the idea of forcing slavery on white people
I wonder what people would think if people knew that democrats funded the confederacy, and when that failed, turned into the kkk with the same flag. Also, knowing that blacks owned more slaves then whites.
What timing. Spent time with my dad as he was in town for Independence Day. He ruined his visit rather quickly with one of his usual rants of the "alternative history" of America. Unprovoked, nothing about the subject, just "You know, Abraham Lincoln was a liar."
throwing in the dixie union cover at the end was the cherry on top
Basic level of Civil War knowledge: "It was about slavery." Medium level of Civil War Knowledge: "It was caused by a complex network of factors." Advanced Level of Civil War Knowledge: "Yeah. Overall it was about slavery."
Thanks for the vid. Was feeling low but this cheered me right up :)
The confederacy still lives on in the heart of every dumbass WASP yuppie or business-savvy redneck who very deliberately keeps denying applicants jobs other than "burger flipper", "expendable football field gladiator" or "rap artist" based solely on the color of their skin. Also in the worm-eaten brain of anyone who thinks any government measures to _slightly_ reduce the privilege gap between people of different skin tones, are exactly as bad as slavery, racism and oppression. Learn empathy, fellow monkeys of all shapes and colors. Learn empathy.
It was a seriously complex laundry list of issues with everything from criminal underrepresentation in Congress to seriously heinous taxes levied at Southern ports and goods, and ONLY Southern. just to name two. They sound familar? They should. Of course slavery was and always will be vile, evil, and despicable, but sticking your fingers in your ears and ignoring how corrupt and ravenous selfish the North had become is no better. They weren't angels and the Southerners weren't demons. Most of them, anyway, considering only some stupidly low percentage of them actually owned any slaves. Like .014  or less.
There's a reason we got dixies and yanks, different culture and style of life
starting to see a lot of people who probably came from twitter to harass goob and post BS trying to defend the slavers
Reminds me of checkmate Lincolnites (very funny series)
Day 2 of asking for an animation where elva and zale from tales of zale help a lost sonic in a forest  Also please use the old designs
Man I was a “damn yankee” back when I lived in the south and when I was in school. I had this exact same damn convo so fucking much.
I mean, Maine kept slaves until the end of the war. They were part of the union. So I mean, maybe the Union only cared when the people they didn’t like had slaves.
Well this is going to piss a lot of people off and I must say I'm pleased by that.
Twitter is the only website you’ll find unironic slavery defenders
Please say it louder! I’m a Texan and they legit taught us like that about the Confederacy. I also still don’t 100% understand how they managed to do that tbh. Secede I mean.
At least Brazil kept the Confederacy alive
DOWN WITH THE TRAITORS, UP WITH THE STARS
It was a state's right to self govern economic policy, along with their own "property" rights. At the time, slaves were legally considered property, equivalent to a piece of furniture or appliance. So the federal government making it clear that slavery was soon to be abolished would be the legal equivalent of today's federal government making wooden furniture illegal, and several states seceding in protest. The idea was that it was government overreach to outlaw something so vital to the economy of so many states, and that if the government was allowed to do so it would have legal precedent to continue to make massive widespread changes to the economy and livelihoods of any given state with no way for the state to defend itself.  In the end they kind of ended up being right, as the federal government has vastly more control over the states than it did during the civil war.
Away down south in the land of traitors 🎉
I like how Abraham Lincoln was just the clone high design
I wont defend slavery, but I heard because they considered them property, they were trying to have property rights (tho it could’ve been other stuff I still think it was a horrendous idea lumping people with property)  It’s pretty backwards stuff. we had a lot to learn overall. Thankfully not all the people thought the same. Some were just born in the south (but yeah the civil war was an absolute travesty. Union deserved to win)
BASED. BASED. BASED. BASED. BASED. BASED. BASED.
Rageaholic/Razorfist actually ran a phenominal video on this very subject.
The right to own gardening tools, lol
“States’ rights to have a strong economy!”  Yeah, an economy built on slavery. I don’t care that I’m technically strawmanning here, I’ve gone further down the argumentative rabbit hole than most Confederacy-supporters can and I can still debunk the notion that the Civil War was fought for anything more than the legality of slavery (and maybe some other very minor things but you get the idea)
Now ask him if he's a democrat or republican.
Honestly I appreciate the content. If people are uncomfortable with video, well then, you MIGHT, be a racist! Hyuck
"Those who fail to learn from history's past are doomed to repeat it."  Any form of discrimination is a perfect example of people's failure to learn that there is no difference among each other.
More history based cartoons please. I can live off of this one video for a week
NGL this wasnt funny , more like a rant/vent   I'm not disagreeing it's just kinda ....pointless like adding water to the ocean I'm pretty sure everyone agrees man
“tHe SoUtH wIlL rIsE aGAiN!”
FUCKING BASED SING THAT FUCKING SONG DOOF!
I love you
The american dream
Here at 85,646 views.
I have never felt more fervently glad I am a fan of Doobus Goobus.
USA USA USA!
I do believe the world is more gray, plus not every soldier was fighting for slavery, but holy shit did they pick the wrong side.
Only the hottest of takes on this channel
The Wii lasted longer than the Confederates 😂
Amazing video! Sorry to hear about the online bullies but you know what you have that they don't? Talent, heart, and COMMON SENSE OF FREEDOM GAHBLESS AMERICA!
Clone high series finale NO.2
Yo go man!
Bro is trying to farm a fake controversy so hard on Twitter and pretending to be a victim for having the most popular opinion in today's society.
This was amazing thank you
Hey apple
My oldest pets - a old golden lab, a old black lab with stiff knees in her later years, a nearly deaf calico who disappeared one day, and a black cat that had gotten lung cancer - lived longer than the confederacy in the years since my birth.
And then when people caught onto it they hijacked the American flag and bastardize everything about the nation now claiming America is theirs and “their rights.”
That "Annoying Orange" bit was so brutal, I had to catch my breath for a second.
Here's a great way to put it. If someone's main goal is to eat babies, why would the argument be "well they got other good things they were fighting for" when they eat babies. Like, I feel like if someone is wanting to eat babies, vouches for eating babaies(mabey even having a little nibble of a baby), those other points don't really matter now, do they? And no, before you ask, the babies are not being eaten out of necessity nor for the meme. The person just eats babies. And yes, I did just wake up, and no, I did not check back to see if anything made sense or if my actual point would get across.
Careful, you'll trigger the reichwing snowflakes.
Ok I would like to point out that this discussion is stupid because they’re fighting over semantics. Yes it was about states rights. The north’s economy has been heavily industrialized and completely changed from the systems the south was based on, but the US constitution was based on all states voting to enact laws at the federal level. The south’s economy was based in slavery, and the north’s wasn’t. The point is that it wasn’t specifically about slavery, but about the fact that the two economies were so different that the south was angry that people in the north had any say over slavery laws considering those laws wouldn’t effect them in any way. It’s easy to say slavery should be illegal when your entire livelihood isn’t dependent on it. Personally I don’t think the north’s use of child laborers and horrific working conditions were any better, and I don’t like the vilification of people in the south, because the only reason they supported slavery and the north didn’t was because the north didn’t have anything to gain from it. Remember that the 3/5 compromise came about because the south wanted to count slaves as citizens and the north didn’t. It wasn’t about the north being morally superior and the south being a bunch of evil racists, people just always act in their best interests, even when those interests are evil. I think saying it was about states rights is technically more accurate because it better encapsulates the whole situation. Yes it was about slavery, but it was about the fact that the south believed it should’ve been a state level issue rather than a federal issue, considering it wasn’t an issue that concerned half of the states at the federal level.
Just realized the formation of the confederacy is the equivalent of a rebellious kid attempting to run away from home because "no Xbox for a week"
Adon Coborlwitz reveals the Secret Technique passed down for 140 years through the Coborlwitz family name. (It's racism and bad-faith talking points)
Funny and historically accurate green blob 👍
1:16 (captions on) yeah man they will do that. The further south you go the more they get mad about it.  I'm from Texas and for the most part we're more proud we were a full on independent country than the Confederacy, granted it did have slavery we just don't like to mention it.  And lasted longer than the confederacy being a nation for pretty much a decade with like  3 months taken off.  The rest of the Southern States don't have shit to glorify.  Cause they trash.  That right I'm calling  the other southern state  trash.  Texas is number one cause I've been to every one of you but Florida and the only thing you got is more humidity, shitty roads,  subpar barbecue.
You couldn't use the original Confederate flag at least
Doing the North proud, Son!
Man, I remember when I first discovered the annoying Orange. Good times. Good times
This entire comment section collectively shares the same singular brain cell as the creator of this video...😂😂
Oooooh way down south in the land of traitors, rattle snakes and alligators. come away, ( come away) ride away (ride away).....
Sherman only did one thing wrong.        HE STOPPED BURNING
Im not even American and this made me feel patriotic
Fortnite,Destiny 2,minecraft,Terraria,warframe  the wait for Gta 6 all lasted longer
The Confederacy should've just been another embarrassing footnote in United States history, but some people just will not let it go. That stupid flag people wave, by the way? Didn't come to popularity until Jim Crow, to intimidate Black people. It was not the flag of the nation itself; just one regiment of its soldiers.  So yes, in fact, flying that flag is racist. The only reason that flag is everywhere now was to hurt minorities, given that it is not even this "heritage" y'all are so stupidly proud of.
Not to mention the flag was mostly white and the thing most people associate as the confederate flag was relegated to about the same space as the stars are on the United States flag. In fact, the current "confederate flag" was literally never used by the confederates, and is just the corner piece stretched out to be flag shaped.
absolutely based
The dev time for Baldur's Gate 3 is longer then the Confederacy existed.
It was about both.  The confederate elite wanted to keep slaves, but the overall confederate population were concerned about giving the federal government too much power.  Slavery needed to he abolished, but their concerns were fair considering the monster that the federal government has become since then.  The North was the better option in the end, but just saying "states right to what?" is how you deflect the argument and not consider that there are good and bad attributes to every decision.
I think the reason why you got "threats" is because you equate Confederacy with slavery. Or that civil war was about slavery. Saying that "civil war was about slavery" is like saying "World War 2 is about holocaust".
PlayStation Vita out lived the confederacy.
"Very few things in history are black and white"  Yes and in every single conceivable definition of that phrase slavery was one of those few things
My middle school history teacher tried to push this states rights stuff on us and in high school I repeated the same thing to my teacher at that time and he said “who the fuck told you that”
Greatest point ever made. Survived less years than most internet memes.
I like how this video represented Lincoln with the Clone High version
Just to drop a historical fact. The Emancipation Proclamation only applied to the Confederate states that seceded from the Union. There were in fact states and areas that were exempt from the proclamation just because they never left the union.
It was mostly about Taxation. The North still had their slaves, and they didn't actually free them until well after the civil war either, as they were exempt from the Emancipation Proclamation, which didn't free any slaves, because it was only applied to the south which at the time was territory the north didn't control. It  also was way worse being a slave in New Jersey then it was anywhere in the South.   You think you're being clever by framing this as "oh he really doesn't want to admit about the slaves!" but really it proves how little you really understand. the Civil War wasn't about Slavery, that's just the way everyone frames it after the fact because Self Righteousness (and state education propaganda) is a hell of a drug.  Only a few of Southern states even had Slavery in their articles of secession as a reason for doing so, Slavery itself was a fading system, evolving into a form of Serfdom (which is only slightly better, but progress is progress), hell a slave in the South even owned a patent on an invention he made.  You want to flaunt the righteousness of "Freeing Slaves" but here's the thing, Slavery could have been ended way better with Compensated Emancipation, which is how most of Europe ended slavery, peacefully I might add, not with a war that saw one of the largest death tolls in the nation's history. and hey while we're on about trying to pin people on a particular side with unconformable questions, let's ask you about the atrocities General Sherman committed on his march to the sea. The Towns and cities he razed, the plundered property, the women, and children his men raped and murdered, the Slaves (that they were supposedly there to "free") that were left for dead, or worse Raped and murdered along with the the citizens of those Southern territories. Would you say any of that was completely justifiable, if you're so damn virtuous?   The Civil was was fought and instigated by the North to keep a tax monopoly, and to effectively end the right of secession that all states of the union have and turned it into an involuntary union of states. It ended Slavery, which is good, but it ended it in the worst possibly way.
"States Rights to do WHAT." is by far my favorite come back to that "states rights" garbage.
Based Doobus
What about the taxes?
Get Douglass'd belongs on a T shirt
grand theft auto online has been an active experience for twice as long as the confederacy and with way more members
Even a good chunk of a state was fed up with the confederate bullcrap and decided to be their own state during the Civil War.
what baffles me is when i saw this on Twitter, there's been tons of comments of people enraged at this guy calling him demonic or a woke sympathizer.
The Confederation was all formed by Democrats, traitors back then like today, and yet, despite their treason and their crimes since they were the slavery party (and then the party who murdered Lincoln, of the KKK and Jim Crow), they still exist today. How is this even possible?
absolutely beautiful i love dunking on racists
Slavery is bad. And sadly not gone. Even in our sweet countries we still use slavery. Just in more insidious ways. When you import cheap labour, put them in ghettos, barely pay them enough to let them survive, threaten to send them back to their countries if they don't comply. Yeah. Slavery is still rampant. Even in the US or Europe. Even more in the Middle East (don't forget last football world cup)
The bloodiest war in human history cuz Jews
Doobus should have drawn him in a union uniform and holding a musket I still like it tho
in the wise words within about an hour long video talking about EVERYTHING mr Lincoln did in and out of his office, every he wrote, ordered and ect.... I only have one statement "The South doesnt have to be good, for The North to be BAD" look at sherman, look at the newspapers, look at the actual bill Abe made that could do literally nothing it promised....look at him golding a southern fort after rpeeatedly promising to return it to the south.... and for some reason... telling the garrision there to not shoot until fired upon... to the point and even a North centric newspaper commented that Abe "did everything to start a civil war while without looking like the one who started it." American's First King... is not supposed to be a compliment.
Bro silksongs development lasted longer than there nation thats sad for both party's
More inaccurate lies about the Civil War.
I Mean Doobus Is Just A Man Who Spits Straight Facts Like Ya Cannae Argue With The Mans Logic
Liar. Now the USA has traded the plantation with the ghetto.
it was for states rights to keep slavery but there were alot of other reasons as well. some of the other reasons are genuine but slavery was the big one as so much of the confederate states income was from slave industries. also being reliant on agricultural slavery instead of other industrial production was one of the main reasons they lost the civil war.
In response to all the conservative death threats and stuff, you should just bite back and become unapologetically hyper-political.  No, no, I wouldn't wish that horror upon you.  But you could do it if you wanted to!
Never thought about how old that damned orange is tho
Bring the good old bugle boys, we'll sing another song!
next you'll say "H*tler was bad" so much for the tolerant left
Twitter screwing everything as usual.
Yes slavery they also didn't want to pay taxes to the United States at least to my knowledge
Remember, twitter is not public opinion, it was just a place of stupid people but has turned into a far right cesspit since muskrat started actively boosting that shit. Also the slavery defenders who claim "heritage" are waving the wrong flag anyway, the "confederate flag" is actually the virginia battle flag and not the actual flag of the confederacy.
papa
"It's our heritage!" Is a stupid argument the things the south takes pride in today like their music and their food were created/pioneered by black people they take credit for these things and then parade around a flag that oppressed the creators and claim it was the south that created them.
“About to abolish slavery”   My policy sought only to collect the Revenue (a 40 percent federal sales tax on imports to Southern States under the Morrill Tariff Act of 1861)." reads paragraph 5 of Lincoln's First Message to the U.S. Congress, penned July 4, 1861.  "I have no purpose, directly or in-directly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists.  I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so,"  Lincoln said it his first inaugural on March 4 of the same year.  Imagine using racism as the “just cause” for inflicting a rate of civilian casualties greater than any nation suffered in the First World War and then going on to spend 36 years murdering and oppressing Pacific Islanders,  South Americans, and Central  Americans over bananas.
Sort by newest, and the civil war is still alive!
Also just wanna put out there that there is more slavery going on today than there has ever been in the history of mankind, even through the sheer number of people who are alive. And the slavery is far worse than ever. Where before people were worked to death, they're now molested in very creative ways, sold for organs and blood, and worse. That didn't happen before the abolition of slavery I'm sure.
the south will rise again!  frfr tho union dixie slaps
What does the USA do about slavery now. Nothing. Crickets
Its states rights to oppose the federal government. Based on how the constitution was set up, the other states had no right to impose their will on the southern states which is where the civil war originated. Lincoln came in and set forth many different limitations the United States would comply with, last of which was the abolition of slavery which he hadn't added until much later. As well, slavery was practiced in a couple northern states as well, during and after the civil war.  A big issue back then (and an issue that's being ever more present now) was the concern for a powerful federal government that wouldn't be checked by the states. The south disagreed, the north won, lincoln added in the abolition of slavery, here we are today.  Good thing he did add it, though the history is always muddied because we mistake the civil war for solely fixing slavery.
State’s rights to do what?
The conflict was not black and white, no war ever is.
History is pretty Grey...   ...Grey & Red like Confederate soldiers' uniforms after Sherman came marching through.
The orange outlived it by almost 4 times soon
In a final act of desperation, the south pushed what is known as "The Lost Cause" to counter the norths "Wave the bloody shirt" post war to make themselves look good and that the south was in the right, essentially complaining they lost because of all the obvious reasons they lost, hence the large amount of memorials you will find from the civil war as it was almost like a race, and rarely here about south atrocities like the Fort Pillow massacre, and execution of all black soldiers and their white officers after they surrender, and desecration
to quote Lego Emperor Palpatine: "You guys are the worst Bad Guys ever!"
States rights are important, but some "rights" are not rights at all and simply evil. This is the case in every era. There is virtually no disagreement about slavery in the west (with the one odd one out person every now and again). The same cannot be said for plenty of other "rights" people think they have or ought to have. Having those discussions at the states level means every state can be an experiment on policy in those cases. If it were all federal, lots of people would feel like they're in an oppressive state. For example, some LGBTQ groups gave negative travel advisories for Florida, but then there's also a ton of people fleeing cities, and California. This kind of diversity allows people to find like minded people, run the experiment and in decades, we'll draw conclusions on the state of affairs after such experiments.  Here's something interesting: the current president (joe) stated that no amendment is absolute. Does this include the 1st and 2nd? How about the 4th? The 13th? The 19th? Having states is a good thing.
Do you know what's crazy? Technically the confederacy still exists. Lincoln made the war about getting rid of slavery and because of that most European nations stopped supporting the south. But Portugal was a very racist nation at the time and still supported the south for the whole war. After the war ended Portugal helped a hand full of confederate war criminals flee to Brazil to keep practicing slavery. It's honestly not that different than how a bunch of nazis fled to Argentina. This confederates living in Brazil later became known as os confederados. Eventually slavery came to a end in Brazil as well and the black slaves were free and the white slave owners were out of business and couldn't go back to America or anywhere else because they are broke so they had no choice but to work together and build a community with the newly freed black slaves along with the indigenous tribes of Brazil that community would later be known as the town Americana This is proof that race based chattel slavery was not unique to america, The reason the confederate slave owners were able to adapt so quickly to brazil is because the slavery practiced in brazil was almost completely identical to the slavery practiced in america under the south,   This is proof the civil war was not about states rights it was about the enslavement of black people. If the civil war wasn't about slavery why would the confederacy travel halfway across the world to another just to practice it?
I do not support the confederacy but for fun historic facts the north was supporting and using more slavery than the south, The first members of the KKK were all democrats including the creator of it, and Abraham Lincoln was republican. Yet people from the south are called racists on a daily basis, and dems today call asains, blacks, hispanics, exc of ethnicities " white supremacists " which makes no F***ing sense to me but whatever. And that history for the day.
Prove me wrong.
Union dixie was unequivocally, objectivly, and unabashedly the first ever diss track in american history and it's a fucking banger 200 years later
Mane and other northern states still had slavery up until and after the Civil War heck all abe did was abolished slavery in the southern states as punishment for the Civil War it wasn't until December of 1864 did the northern states give up their slaves.
It was actually disagreements over slavery, states vs. federal rights, the election of Abraham Lincoln, and the economy.  But yeah, the souths were in the wrong for this war... And I'm a southern.
GO OFF DOOBUS😂😂
This was absolutely correct and I’m so glad Doobus put this out there but I feel like the only person who noticed Lincoln was drawn in his clone high form and when I noticed that, it made me even happier with this video as a whole. Doobus makes the world a better place I’m convinced.
I'm glad you made this video, but also upset that this had to be made in the first place. It should be common sense that slavery was awful, and no "economic growth" is worth human lives.
I turned on subtitles for no reason, and was glad i did lol
Bless you, Doobus Goobus. You magnificent, toxic goo that grew from the earth.
It actually was grey, only a extremely small part of the soldiers cared either way about slavery. Only people in the Confederacy that cared about it were the politicians that committed treason and a crap ton of wealthy plantation owners that funded the war, they had to use other means to get the public of the slave states to fight in the civil war via propaganda. Less than 5% of the US population owned slaves, the only ones that did were mainly the ultra wealthy Southerners   A Union General slaughtering his way across the south and butchering innocent people who's only crime was living in the south sure didn't help people from joining the side that wasn't slaughtering their friends and family. Even Robert E Lee didn't like slavery, his sole reason for joining the Confederacy was because he didn't want to shoot at his family and neighbors  And Lincoln wasn't any better, he actually had plans on mass deportation of freed slaves to Africa after the war was over. His assassination kept that from happening, and keep in mind, if this plan went through there would've been thousands of people practically abandoned in a land they don't know and a language they can't speak. In a sick way, John Wilkes Booth was the best thing to happen to the freed slaves because it resulted in the plans never being acted on  The Civil War truly wasn't as black and white as history says it is, in fact, it was more of the same. Rich pricks we don't know, left, right, and center, causing all the problems that result in regular people getting caught up in it with zero say over the matter. Also, there were roughly 300+ freed slaves that lived in and supported the South, who also owned around 3000+ slaves between them all. Confederate history shouldn't be destroyed, it shouldn't be glorified either, all of it should be in museums because it's a part of our history
In case anyone is wondering, the _other_ "right" the Confederacy claimed was being infringed was their right to make unlimited money.  See, the slavery model of business is a feedback loop:  the more slaves one owned, the more money you could make, to spend on even more slaves.  Plantations were, in a very real sense, the first corporations.  And just like corporations today, they would do anything to hold onto their money and the power that money brought them.  The 'right' they claim was being infringed was their ability to crush smaller competition in the free market. The reason the Civil War happened when it did was because of the invention of the combine harvester, which could replace the jobs of hundreds of people with one driver and a pack of mules, and do that job with machine efficiency.  That meant anybody in the North who wanted their own super-farm just had to buy one, and overnight destroyed their dependence on the Southern plantation model.  The plantation owners just wanted to ban that technology for no better reason than it cut into their dominance of the market... but even then that dominance depended on slave labor so yes, still about slavery.  The next time you hear about someone tearing down the statue of a Confederate leader, suggest they replace it with a statue of the Combine Harvester instead.
I do not live in the united states, but fuck slavery
Bring the good old bugle boys, let’s sing another song Sing it with the spirit that will start the world along, Sing it as we used to sing it, 50,000 strong, While we were marching through Geeeorgia.
I just think the flag looks cool.   “Today’s subject, slavery.”
Argentinian is best
We’ve been waiting for Metroid Prime 4 longer than the confederacy existed
That tears it. We must all link this to whoever tries to defend the Confederacy with that dumb "heritage" argument. 😹
Slave is bad but a needed evil in the like discover of America period and 200 years later for the simple thing of "free labor" and while it was bad it certaibly served to build the main frame of cities we live now in the present. But slavery *after* this period? That was plain fucking bad bro; we had some machines why tf will you keep slavery going, one way or another you will get fucking rebelled and die. Heck imagine your entire economy * PLUMMETS TO GROUND* because one group of slaves rebelled. It was a needed evil but it served is purpose while people atleast treated slaves well with food or clothes sometimes. Slavery is bad as shit but in present days or even 1800 to 1900 is absolutely stupid and plain greedy there is no way to say it was *good* because the moment you rely too much in slaves for economy you are fucked.
Based Union Dixie
1:11 Twitter needs to get burned down. But heck because of the dumb people on that platform they might do that themselves!
Funny but Abraham Lincoln actually said he had no plans to abolish slavery when he was elected. He was afraid that the south would secede, but they did it anyway. When he did attempt to free them, it was also a politically expedient move. Additionally, after the ammendment to the constitution was passed, chattel slavery was still fairly common in the United States until the 1940s.
Lincoln is quoted as saying he didn’t care about slavery. Period. You disgusting hypocrite.
You can't ask a racist to explain their reasoning, they are too stupid to see anything wrong with their way of thinking... Its like asking a cinder block for it's opinion
The Annoying Orange outliving the confederacy is the greatest statement of all time.
The civil war started mainly because the South wanted more power via using slaves to get a higher population and therefore more seats in the House of Representatives using the 3/5ths compromise. The North said: “Um no. You shouldn’t have that so we’re just getting rid of your slaves” thus the war began because of a f**king power grab. (definitely slavery adjacent basically)
Woah such a beautiful and controversial statement, yes the confederacy was a bad thing woah so cool and so based and a what revolutionary idea!
slavery was bad but it was easy for the north to abolish it considering they didn't need it
As a southern boy... I approve this message.
SHERMAN SHOULDA BURNED IT ALL DOWN
Hey I kid u not the first guy Alexander Hamilton Stephens is my 7 great uncle. If u don’t believe me, I completely understand, but I am not joking. I have ancestry and dna papers to back it up.
Oooooooh way down south in the land of traitors
Y'ever notice that really racist shit doesn't have much staying power? Nazis were about as main stream as it ever got, they built "The stronggest militarii in historii" and they lost the first war they started.
now do african slavelords.
"Get a real country traitors" they tried, that's what makes them "traitors"
So what you're saying is the Annoying Orange should get its own country and flag?
I was expecting this to be way more brutal. Did anyone else see the post for this video where it said “sherwin should of marched further”😂😅
alright now that the confederates are silenced, lets stop the other thing the democrates made, the KKK, because i want that to be gone as well
BASED GOOBUS
I had to like this twice
"But it's our heritage!" Right, and it's _my_ heritage to burn the confederate flag to ash!
Doobus Goobus is based today
As if the Confederacy being outlived by Annoying Orange wasn’t embarrassing enough, let’s not forget that the Nintendo Wii FRICKIN U, a Nintendo home console that was widely known to be a big, massive failure on Nintendo’s part, also just so happens to outlive the Confederacy, as it lived for five years, as opposed to the measly four years of the Confederacy. *_Let that sink in._*
I agree this man 100% but north wasn’t sunshine and rainbows. The western front was just horrible
Let's all not forget that an entire major political party (literally HALF of the fucking country) plotted a fucking INSURRECTION at the nation's Capitol building (which failed miserably and led to the deaths of 3 traitors lol), engages in domestic terrorism on the daily, relentlessly bullies transpeople and NB people into suicide (and fucking CELEBRATES it i.e. "🚬"),  deliberately spread misinformation that could and will xost millions of innocent lives, believe in White Supremacy, and mass produce fascist propaganda and ideologies, all the while being able to hold key government positions and run the federal/state governments as they see fit. And these are the same people that brand themselves at "true American patriots" and "protectors of American liberty".  God has truly abandoned us. Shame on America... 😔
I don't get why people defend it, but I can understand when people talk about their heritage. Even if they were fighting for the wrong thing, those men were still made to go out and fight.
Something funny about this whole thing... the Confederation left because they thought Lincoln would take away their right to own slaves. He never said he would... he only decided to do it afterward, as a means to get moral support for his side... heck, some of the states still in the Union owned slaves and were allowed to for some time after the war...
Some Twitter users actually got upset at this lmfao
Imagine founding an entire nation with the basis of "We hate black people.". If that's all there is to your state that's just sad, not even evil anymore, just sad.
This makes me feel more love for America  thank you doobus
Cuphead and Pizza Tower's development EACH lasted longer than the confederacy
Funny
Part 2 but it’s the Truman Doctrine and the grey man is a communist and you (Doobus) are a proud American.
I was thinking this was something educational in the goobus art style(similar to Sam O’Nella). I seem to have been wrong in my assumption
minion rush outlived the confederacy
I had a middle school teacher who sent me to the principal because we had this exact conversation. Got yelled at by my parents too because she labeled it as "insubordination" and when asked said i "distracted the class from learning" when i challenged the "it was over state's rights" argument
Tariffs my ass
The confederate flag is a part of history. It’s not the 1800s anymore. People should not be called racist just because they’re like a old AF flag.
It looks like we've got a commie here, booahs
Of all the things to pop up in my sub feed I wasn’t expecting this of all things. What the hell???
ANNOYING ORANGE RAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
"It is tradition for the south to wear the confederate flag outside their house"  Psssst, It is also tradition to burn that flag in the north.
Yup and there's more slaves today then ever in the history of the world, most of which are child and or sex slaves, so we should really get on top of spreading these American values to go free all those whom are still enslaved today, or would to many politicians get arrested in that process
ahh yes public schooling: The animation  Please continue to lecture me on how little you understand about historical events and gloss over shit.   Please strawman as hard as you can. thank you
I hate how the massively complex social and political quagmire that was pre/during/post era civil war US has been boiled down to "hurr remember when slave bad was thing" and "Hurr it was bout rights only". Insted of the multidecade mess of state/federal balances , economics, laws and their application , and about 10 more things all able to be broken down into hrs long discussions....seriously this brain dead simplification of something that large is one of the biggest injustice to the people of that time cause it makes them seem like a society of mentally inferior primitives....
John Brown was a real G why wasnt he in the video.
I'm actually the 3x Great-Grandson of a Jewish hardware merchant (on my Grandfather's side) from what's now Northern Germany, who married into a Mennonite family in Indiana after he immigrated to the U.S.  Then somewhere near the time that my Grandmother married my Grandfather, I ended up with just enough Pawnee lineage to be eligible as an honorary member of that tribe, assuming that my Mother would ever seek full membership herself.  Which she never felt the need to.  For the last three generations, including my own, those who adhere to any religion on my Mother's side of the family are Catholic.  And what does all of that mean?  It means that I was born out of a steaming hot bowl of American soup!  It also means that Nazi and Confederate centric idealologies should hate me with a passion, and I can absolutely live with that.
another day another Doobus W
Annoying Orange may have lasted for 14+ years, but “The Dukes of Hazzard” was on TV for 36 years from 1979 to 2015. That’s almost DOUBLE as long as Annoying Orange. And everybody LOVES the General Lee car, and still do to this day.
So as Euro-trash myself... I had no clue they only were around for five years lmao. Heritage my fucking ass, people had emo phases that last longed than that shit.
Based
The civil war was largely a war of economics. The northern states had no qualms with abolishing slavery because slavery didn’t matter to them. The south was resistant to the abolition of slavery not because they loved slavery, but because it was the backbone of their entire economy. Imagine if your entire state would go broke over night because the federal government made your livelihood illegal. There is nuance to the discussion.  Disclaimer: I am not defending slavery. I am not defending the confederacy. I believe all people are created equal and endowed with rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
I downvote not because I don’t hate the confederacy, but because you reminded me annoying orange exists and that should be a warcrime.
If you ever meet someone trying to defend the Confederacy through the claim of states or individual rights, the Free State of Jones is kind of a golden bullet. The TL;DR is as the Confederates began to lose, they increasingly taxed and conscripted the hell out of their own people to the point some soldiers deserted alongside escaped slaves and waged a guerilla war, I want to say in Mississippi if I'm remembering right. Granted the whole OWNING PEOPLE thing should be enough of a counter-argument but some folks have some... interesting paths of logic you have to maneuver to get through to them.
I don't even know how many times over Yandere Simulator's development outruns the confederancy
JOHN BROWNS BODY’S, Liza martyr in the Grave, But his soul goes marching on!!.
You angered the nazis with this one
The fact Goobus lost 100 subs after this video is kinda funny but also sad.
The funny thing is they obviously lost. So it's waving the dead flag of losers. And proudly going yep that's us.... losers?
The one aspect of southern culture that was ever under threat was the slavery. And for a "defensive war" it sure is weird how they fired the first shot.
It’s also insane to think some of the same people who defend the confederacy are now saying that a cake baker not being able to discriminate against an lgbt couple or college debt relief is apparently slavery Bc it violates the rights of the baker and fucking tax payers or some shit
The confederacy is actually really shitty unlike me
Chad Goodbus
Love this!
Guess which political party the confederacy became afterwards
Man that temple in Cambodia is pretty random with the jokes it produces
"but its our heritage"  yeah and its my heritage to destroy the confederacy
The laughter from the Annoying Orange is making the sciatica pains worse but damn it’s worth it.
Hilarious lol
I fewl like people who say "the Confederacy was not that bad' or 'Communist government is good' only say things like that because they never directly experienced how bad it was for people in those times.
Democrats have always been on the wrong side of history look it up.
The only "grey area" is whether the North did what it did because they gave a shit about black people or because they just didn't like how the South's slave-based economy made them wealthier/stronger than the North's trade-based economy. Either way, the Confederacy was bad, and being proud of it is cringe.
So you love the US and their imperialism all around the world too? I'm not pro-CSA, but it seems you're very pro-American with all their invasions where they don't belong.
You even included your sources in your description. Nice.
Southern barbeque is good though
I was taught about "states rights" in school and its still being taught today its honestly depressing people still defend slavery.
Me normally: I’m a pretty huge history nerd but I can’t deny that the U.S is in a shit place rn  Me on the Confederacy: GET FUCKED RACIST TRAITORS LONG LIVE THE UNION
Keep in mind, I am European when I say this.   The way I heard it, is that the state rights meant "authority of the state government means more than the authority of the federal government, meaning its up to the individual state to decide what policies it wishes to enact and matters to discuss"  And yes, it included slavery, because fucking dixxies.  Its kinda funny, cause I kinda like the dixxie flag, and the dixxie army. Too bad they were traitors and hypocrites
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 You tell them goobus 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
'The civil war (1861-1865) a history podcast' is a pretty comprehensive series of sourced historical lessons that help equip any good union boy and inoculate and dare I say, vaccinate him from insidious southern propaganda.
Sonic.exe has lasted longer than The Confederacy and the fact that it’s still relevant to this day is shocking to a lot of people
Beautiful
Thank you for the friendly reminder, Gooby.   Also, don't get me started on the states that not only deny slavery, but count the Bible as a history book! 🤦‍♀️
That dislike ratio is disappointing. Some hidden racists out there, yall aint slick.
Viewer:Yeah, good point. What are those state rights for *waits for response while hammering nails into bat for imminent use*
oh i saw this shit show unfold on twitter. Glad you still posted this, slavery is evil and the confederates were a fucking joke.
Stupid traitors. I’m glad my ancestors fought for the union. Back in those days, Michigan (where I live) was super pro union. How far we’ve fallen…
imperium Romanum is the greatest of all time. bring back mega Italy.
It's time to break out my historian hat, the civil war was about the north imposing tariffs on the south so that it would be dependent on the north, no freeing the slaves didn't have shit to do with anything because in exchange for the south not splitting from the north lincoln was prepared to make slavery constitutional, even after the war broke out the emancipation proclamation was meant to encourage slaves to rebel in the south (they didn't) all the while not stopping slavery in the north. So you know there, the civil war wasn't about slavery it was about the north and lincoln power tripping.
The law that started the civil war didn’t even completely make slavery illegal. It just said they couldn’t take it up to the north. You see slavery is also bad for the economy and is not truly sustainable, so the plan was to keep it in the south and let the slave trade collapse in on itself.
I don’t really think it’s healthy to boil the American Civil War down to “slavery bad”. I am NOT saying the contrary, but there were legitimate issues that the Confederacy had (my best friend could probably go into a rant here, listing all the reasons, but I will not). To boil down everything down to being just about slavery is just kinda lazy.
He has a new tongue!!!!!!!!🎉
Wow Death Treats and least 9 Seconds to post something in Twitter....thats a New Record Doobus is the man Ladies and Gentleman....and be careful
Hey, not american here. Is there really more to that confederate thing than slavert?
Unfathomably based
Centrists are so annoying because they make everything into a debate. They act like there is no such thing as moral absolutism. But yes actually, there are things in this world that are always evil and can never be good. Like slavery. The economic aspect of slavery was an afterthought. The point of slavery IS cruelty. The only reason people wanted slaves is because they wanted to torment people. They wanted to create a group of people so miserable that there would always be someone below you no matter what. Hence the term, "the poorest white is better off than the wealthiest black"
Things that lasted longer than the Confederacy:  SpongeBob and is still going.  The Simpsons and it's still going.  One Piece and it's still going.  South Park and it's still going.  Family Guy and it's still going.  Teen Titans Go and it's still going.  Young Sheldon and it's still going.  Rick and Morty and it's still going.  NCIS and it's still going.  Doctor Who and it's still going.  You can kind of get the hint.
It also got outlived by FNAF.  I don’t see any Freddy Fazbear monuments south of Virginia
So brave
Wtf it's 2023 this is a thing still?! STILL!!! fuck me
At first I was gonna make a joke about Disney not liking gay stuff.... But now I just wanna punch someone (metaphorically speaking, of course)
Some things that don’t make sense to me about the civil war: -Slavery was legal when the war started. -the North had slaves when the war started. -Lincoln was a segregationist who didn’t care about the slaves freedom (there are actual documents written by him that state this).  How could the war have started over slavery if it was still legal and practiced? Just doesn’t make sense to me.
Fredrick Douglas from the top rope with the Freedom Elbow! Bah GAWD!
To be fair and realistic, since the winners get to wrkte history, there's always going to be some romantization of the looser size "What if..." "Maybe they weren't that bad..." etc. Because let's face it, the only difference between a revolutionary and a traitor is that you won, the founder fathers were technically traitors until they won. Francisco Franco was a God damn facist (he changed it "franquismo" to distance himself of the stigma after ww2) yet he preserved his power and was whitewashed by the allies because he opposed communism. It's all politics.
Final Fantasy XI, an old-ass MMORPG originally made for the PS2, has lasted *five times* longer than the Confederacy.
Wow what a brave opinion you have there. I’m literally clapping.
Does nobody know what epitomology means or Johnathan Heidts moral intuitions?
As long as the Annoying Orange fans don't try to make a country out of their support, we're cool. America largely survived the Confederacy, aside from now having to deal with its stragglers since then till present day and I cannot stress that part super cereal enough so please be mindful, but I'm not so sure if it would survive an army of the Annoying.
I didn’t support the confederacy before I watched this video.
Politics have gone downhill but comparing the Confederacy's time in America to the Annoying Orange is just gold.
Doobus be speaking facts.
I'm sure this won't offend anybody
Wow what an opinion this really is interesting
Fun fact Abe Lincon wanted to slowly get rid slavery but the south thought he was just going to take them then after they formed it they started the war thinking that the government would just roll over after there stole one of there forts then wasted all there food left there towns and set them alight then tried to wing by the election and to help with this tale of how bad they where west vegina was made because that side stayed with america and then helped out of the war
You realize the Dixie flag reps the south and not the confederacy anymore right.
I've said it once and I'll say it again. Most people in the south want to rebrand the confederate flag because it just looks cool. It somehow manages to look brutal and threatening without just throwing lions or dragons on it. We just say heritage because "it looks cool" doesnt feel like a good enough excuse.
Yeah. But the Union wasn't trying to abolish slavery either. They were trying to keep the Union together.  Among the post war solutions by the North was the Deportation of all Black Slaves.  The Restriction of Slavery to certain States.  Or Segregating all Black People into a Reservation.  Oh and. Native American Tribes fought for The Confederates. Mainly because they were big supporters of Slavery.  Thankfully Good Morals won out. And Slavery was officially Abolished post war.
The union for ever follow General Doobus boys. Huzzah!!!!
It *is* possible for both slavery to be bad and states' rights to be good. Jus' sayin'.   Also, friendly reminder that the Enlightenment Era author of "Utopia", Thomas More, couldn't fathom a world without slavery... even in a perfect Utopia. THAT is how engrained slavery was in basically all cultures throughout all of history. Thankfully, we are extremely privileged to live in a time where slavery is so obviously morally repugnant.
Short and simple. Shrimple 🦐
You Douglass'd the confederacy argument in under 90 seconds, well done sir!
I just absolutely fucking love this so much   Its so fun to dunk on the confederacy   especially since the battle flag is the most ugliest flag i have ever seen in my life its just god awful it only looked cool on the dukes and hazard car and even that was pushing it
"Get Douglsed"
There’s more SpongeBob episodes than how long the Confederacy lasted
Twitter is f8cking hell. I went there to laugh at Confederates and A) There are people defending the Confederacy (I hurt) and B) They're apparently tryna start a rumor that he flirted with a 14 year old Girl with like... No proof?! The f*ck
I used to be in an anti woke phase for a while, but then I learned just because someone's woke doesn't mean they want any bad thing to happen, at least not on purpose, you know what I mean.
It look longer for my Co-Author and I to write our first book than The Confederacy lasted. So how I see it, the two of us put more time, care and effort making the first entry of a series about a confused electric himbo than a bunch of traitors did in trying to win a goddamn war.
It was predominantly trade. The north literally had slaves in several states until the end of the Civil War. This is well documented. Being said - Confederacy is still cringe.
Third paragraph. Third sentence. Of the Texas declaration of secession is, paraphrased, saying "maintaining N slavery, the servitude of the African to the white"  It's about slavery. It's always been about slavery.
what's a Confetti Eraser?
State right for everyone to own slaves.
heard you were losin subscribers over this video. Allow me to replace one of those shitheads.
i like how yall pretending this is a new opinion nah conservative white ppl in the south aint never thought slavery was bad
“Rights to do what?”  They always try to sidestep that question. Some people don’t even seem to realize that it’s a question with an actual answer.
Annoying Orange got a comic book series.  I honestly can't believe what I saw in the store but there it is.
Lol suck it confederates!
my family unironically thinks that it was the north that wanted slavery  THE SOUTH EVERYONE
Remember kids: even if they won, the economic inefficiency the slave trade still would've ruined the confederacy. So whether or not you believe in the states rights argument (which still would've included the states right to own slaves among other things that lead to the secession). Jeff Davis would still end up failing miserably.
It technically lasted 4 years lol, that's fucking hilarious.🤣My fucking youtube channel has been around longer than the confederacy, the modern political BS between the left and right on twitter has been around longer than the confederacy, Mortal Kombat 11 will soon have been around longer than the confederacy, that god awful cartoon series Big Mouth has gone on longer than the confederacy, the CWCKI has been up and running longer than the confederacy. If these people were just simply interested in history like I am then that would be fine, that would be cool. But these morons praise the confederacy as if it was the greatest thing ever when that couldn't even be farther from the truth. You're a goddamn king for this Goobus, please never change you beautiful bastard! God Bless America, and fuck slavery, things have changed for the better and hopefully that'll keep going despite what these confederate nutjobs try to do.
Other than sectionalism I see no reason why anyone joined the confederacy. They always say because of the oppression from the tariffs but I say that’s understandable why the tariff is there because of the slaves. They also say the right to defend their homes and family which again goes back to sectionalism which is fine and all until the retards realize there’s something like that called the Second Amendment. I just like the flag and uniform designs and SOME of the generals of the confederacy but overall I fail to see it living long even if they did win.
I didn't know about USA history
"you're ignoring the other concerns" "but among these conserns is slavery so Idc and you deserved it because you're evil" based
as someone who was born in the south, but shares completely different opinions from any conservative christain that populates this hellhole, it pisses me the fuck off when i hear “were just honoring out heritage” like bitch? the confederacy was about SLAVERY they wanted to make life a living hell for anyone who wasnt white and you want to HONOR that? you WANT to be associated with that? YOU ARE PROUD TO HAVE RELATIVES THAT WERE SO RACIST THEY LITERALLY WANTED TO GO TO WAR WITH A COUNTRY OVER WETHER OR NOT THEY COULD BE RACIST?
Based as fuck
The confederacy has always been morally wrong, and they can try to justify it with "taxes" and shit but we all know it was a "nation" based on slavery     Anyways wanna talk about how five nights at Freddy's lasted longer then the confederacy?
Did nothing wrong.
That culture lasting less time than the annoying orange absolutely had me dead. These fuckhead traitors chose to spread there flag of losers all over my state and will commit atrocities all in the name of a genuinely evil cause, and then try to pretend like "theres more to it than the slavery" as if that justifies the defense of slavery.
The north owned slaves the whole war. They didn't care about abolishing slavery. They only cared about holding the union together. They also didn't like the union going into their neighborhoods, burning them down, and murdering civilians. Also the last state to abolish slavery was part of the union the whole time.
North never wanted to end slavery? Until last years of Civil War
Even the UK decided to stay out of it when Lincoln made the Emancipation Proclomation since no other country wanted to be seen as stopping a war that was fighting to stop and abolish slavery.
I wish I could upvote twice lol
Doobus I will not have you calling my boys in the Confederacy of Independent Systems evil. Those droids were fighting for freedom from the evil Republic!
Slavery is like shit ... because it is
The literal decleration of independence made by the Confederate President effectively says "We are doing this because we do not want black people to have equal rights to us white men" but yeah tell me again how it wasn't about racism
STATES RIGHTS DEEZ NUTS TRAITOR
W take, Goobus, rock on 🤘
I don't know..... Slavery is kinda kinky
The fact that WW2 lasted longer then the confederacy is just gold also a normal human being would know of Frederick Douglass the dude wrote a auto biography talking about his experiences of slavery  Also I little fact the flag he uses is the confederacy battle flag not the actual flag of the confederacy so those fucks waving it around don’t even know what the actual place flag is
0:41 I love how he puts Abe from Clone High
Bronies have existed for more than twice as long as the Confederacy did.
Everything always so black and white to people
I'm always thinking about Dixie Kong when I hear about this.
Annoying Orange is superior
Skyrim has released and re-released longer than the confederacy has existed.
Dammit I was going to post the outro song. Lincoln was a shithead but the as the first president of the party that ended slavery, gave women the right to vote, and fought jim crow he gets a pass. That party also loses points for prohibition but...they ended slavery, they're balance books are well in the black.
I've been in trash relationships that lasted onger than the Confederacy.
The Playstation 2 had an active lifespan of 13 years (2000-2013) making this classic console have a longer lifespan than the Confederacy.
Let's goooo! Based and green-pilled!
Long Live the Union!
weve been waiting for GTA 6 longer than the confederacy was a thing lol
Why is captain knuckles a confederate
They probably mean states rights for self determination. It's a real shame they wanted to use that freedom to enslave people.
Actually the confederacy were the good guys. State's rights are important and slavery was already on it's way out because it wasn't profitable.
It's not just the south either, up here in MI you'll see a lot of confederate flags. I wish we could nudge them back over the Donna Dixie line
Abe Lincoln's clone high design (ALSO RIGHTS FOR WHAT?!??!) dunno im canadian
Lincoln said himself he would end the war without abolishing slavery if he could lincoln wasn’t intent on abolishing slavery his campaign was based uniting the states. Also states’ rights included tax rates, incarceration/laws, electoral college, etc. I’m not supporting slavery I’m just supporting the individual’s rights and opposing big government
Only brave takes on this channel.
Get rekt confederate traitors
Never forget alway remember
I get the point, but I feel like we can address some of the more poignant concerns such as what are states supposed to do when they're exports are disadvantaged by the system we're supposed to be working together with while ALSO condemning the negative aspects such as the obvious problem of trying to own other people.   ... of course then naturally there's the question of how much of a man's finances can be sure to others and he still be considered free, but that feels like a different conversation
I knew what the video was about when i clicked on it. Didnt expect it to be backed up with facts. Well played doobus. Ya fuckin goobus
I can't wait to see people mald over this video
Get a real country, traitors 😏
To those still defending the Confederate States, here's a reality check.  Your army mainly consisted of poverty stricken, downtrodden farmers equipped with second hand and experimental foreign weapons (LeMat revolver ring a bell). Fed lies by rich millionaires about defending your states' rights and sent to fight your own countymen (chances they faced off against their brothers and cousins). All led by generals who fed the lies, believed the lies or had their own agendas in betraying Lincoln (Looking at you Robert E I-betrayed-my-president-to-fight-for-my-homestate,-Virginia-after-he-called-me-one-of-the-greatest-generals Lee).  Whilst the Union army (the _American_ army) were well trained soldiers with the newest and well tested weapons and a proper chain of command.   Rattlesnakes and traitors indeed. Those plantation owners and Jefferson Davis' goons left those poor farmers to die and yet you still champion them. You make me sick.
"SHURMUN DIN GOO FAER ENUFF!!!"     Alright, now do My Lai.
As a southerner, the amount of confederate flags I still see is shocking. And the amount of people willing to defend that flag are more bountiful than those who have it. Truly a shame  Edit: I seem to have started a small conflict in the replies.
no no he's got a point
I'm just saying, Phineas and Ferb lasted longer than the confederacy, and yet we have NO statues of Perry the Platypus. Where the FUCK is Perry's statue?!
Yes, the South did maintain that the decision of slavery was a state responsibility, and not Federal. Anything that is not listed in the Constitution's enumeration of powers technically belongs to the states. The Constitution does not specifically give the Federal government say over slavery. It does does however give the Federal government power over International and interstate commerce. It also gives the Federal government control over citizenship. By 1807 over half of the states in the US had either abolished or had laws phasing out slavery, and the Federal government banned the import of slaves. While the South was right in saying that slavery was a state right, it is superseded by the Federal government's ability to declare someone a citizen and thus entitled to all the rights of a citizen (which those opposed to slavery believed that slaves were already entitled to those rights as children of God).
_"Owning another man is hella gay."_ -Abe
I helped I help you that button. Sweet home Alabama I am not from Alabama. I’m from America. I still live here. Do not judge why I did that joke.
Hey, can you do a video about Five Nights at Freddy's and instead of everyone being scary they are just goofy.
1857 Tariff Act, Morrill Tariff 1861,  Lancashire Cotton Famine 1861, The Fugitive slave act 1850, confiscation Act 1861 and 1862, Conscription act of 1863, Sherman's field order No15, Blockage of confederate ports 1861- 1865. Explain Brown v. Board at fifty, Robert v. City of Boston, Dred Scott decision 1857. If South was bad why did Congress passed Jim crow laws after the war? That war did not mean anything, but bunch of laws was pass that we are go by today. Also look up Stand Watie native American Indian.
All hail the Annoying Orange Country!
Checkmate Lincolnites!
Doobus you have successfully convinced me into staying your subscriber forever with this video. Congratulations, you have earned my eternal loyalty!
Man hot take 🥵
Burnin' Sherman shall rise again.
This kind of thinking is a symptom of the uninterrupted and unchecked reformation of history suiting pro-confederacy interests post the civil war in an effort to preserve their legacy, who did their absolute best (and succeeded) in indoctrinating future generations within southern states with the lost cause myth through dogma in education and discourse, as well as relatively unchecked political freedom alowing cover for the KKK and Jim Crowe laws.
You're gonna upset so many morrons and I live for this lmao
Fun Fact: Most civilizations had slaves, even the Jews (read the Bible)
Fun fact Abraham Lincoln wasn't going to abolish slavery. He was only planing on stopping it from spreading he only dicided to abolish it after the south had already seceded and created the confederacy and even then it took Fredrick Douglas a long time to finely convicted Lincoln to abolish slavery. Ironically by seceding in order to keep slavery the south actually aided in getting rid of it.
Annoying Orange is my heritage
This is not a political video, because the Confederacy was NEVER a nation, just a bothersome riot.
Even Wabus Dwabus knows that slavery is cringe and unpog. 😮
Great vid as always ❤.  But seriously, just because someone is against federalisation doesn’t mean that he is a racist either, and that is the real issue.
Imagine being loyal, to getting diffed
Someone's been bingeing Atun Shei Films recently.
now even as a non american I belive making states more powerful not weaker for good of the USA but... yea that was not the battle to fight for that one looked really bad XD
the del locos tacos of raco bell are older than the confederacy
Accept Lincoln literally said they could keep slaves if came back peacefully and still declined because it was about more then that
Confederacy bad doesn’t really change that there’s more slaves today than there ever were in the antebellum south and most of them are sadly sex slaves
Staterightstodowhat
The sad thing is that around 50% of the world still actively practices slavery and an estimated 400k people in the USA are considered to be in conditions comparable to slavery. Still, good riddance to the the Confederacy.
I mean I do like state rights ( stand your ground laws and pro gun laws yes please) but there’s better things to pass laws about than whatever the fuck the confederates were doing   Fuckers stole the original metal battleship
Damn this venting session must have felt good. I know one when I see one. Shit I'm not complaining, I'm thoroughly entertained. Though I am beginning to suspect depriving others of their frredom might...be wrong...?
nothing makes me more patriotic than shitting on the confederacy
Preach
It was over States' Rights! States Rights to do what? It was over taxes! What taxes?
As a direct descendant of Robert E. Lee, this video is amazing and should be projected in a museum.
Not sure anyone today would argue that the south wasn't fighting for slavery. But to be fair the north was happy to use the souths slave industry  and cotton until it had cheaper alternatives. Slavery was a sin the whole of the United states carried not just the south.
Who owned all the slave ships? Who owned most of the slaves? Why were the slave auctions closed on Saturday?
Now this is a mlg moment
I smell alabama bbq
11/10 I knew I subscribed for a reason
Lincoln said himself it wasn't about slavery: "If there be those who would not save the Union, unless they could at the same time save slavery, I do not agree with them. If there be those who would not save the Union unless they could at the same time destroy slavery, I do not agree with them. My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that."  Stated in a letter dated August 22, 1862 from Lincoln to Horace Greeley.   States rights are still an important debate today affecting things like, roe v wade, the recent pandemic, ongoing economic policies, real estate, immigration, education etc. Everyone's so quick to simplify things into the most basic take. Lincoln and the republicans were not in favor of slavery but it also wasn't the main reason for the civil war. Lincoln would of allowed the south to keep slavery if it meant they would join the union and stop the bloodshed.
Goobus out here with takes that should be universal, but apparently they're not.
I hate how ignoring slavery is the only way people view the civil war as complex. Yes, slavery was the breaking point, but the south made additional points as well. They were smaller points than slavery, and I don't want that to be ignored at all. So with that in mind, can we discuss that state's right to override federal law and mandates did play a part in it too? It's an interesting discussion about the role of taxation, where it should go, how far can federal reach go over the state's own laws and culture? Those points are teeny tiny compared to slavery, as again, slavery was the reason the south went to war, but can we also not throw out the crumbs as well? The crumbs are interesting, and just because it's fun to talk about them, doesn't mean I don't think slavery was bad, or that it wasn't the primary factor.
I always tell people "Yes the Civil War was about State's Rights... The rights to own slaves". It's really as simple as that, it's not even a question if you do basic research.
You're going to get a lot of abuse for this one but just hold your head high know that literally every person that gets mad at this cartoon sucks anyways
My man.
The annoying orange bit is brilliant
Doofus for president lol💚
Countless other countries had 100X more slaves than us especially the Middle East and Korea. And you don’t hear about them because they were castrated so they wouldn’t breed. Not trying to condone slavery, but the US isn’t the worst case of it
OH GOD THERE WAS A TYPO IN THE SUBTITLES,OH NO  (it said "your" instead of "you're")
If you aren't giving rights to your people then why do you deserve state rights?
Point being: slavery = bad. Something I can agree with (Seriously, f*ck The Confederacy).
Do a Video on Communism Next
When I found out that all my civil war ancestors fought for the Union, I went full steam ahead with clowning the confederacy.
Privately owned prisons to do what?  The war on drugs to do what? Income tax to do what? Perpetual foreign invasion to do what? MK Ultra to do what? Unchecked unelected deep state to do what?   The Federal Government is evil and... What you said.
The Federal Government has made many mistakes and committed several atrocities, abolishing slavery was not one of them.
God Bless the Goobus
We live in strange times when "fuck confederates/Nazis" is seen as a controversial opinion.
The "my history" argument is so lacking in substance. Yes its history but by that logic so are germans and nazis. Keep teaching the bad shit in schools so that kids today learn from it , not guilt trip the kids of today for historical events of the past.
Who cares? That was like 200 years ago man
It's easy to win an argument against somebody that you made up.
My goldfish lived longer than the Confederacy, call that my heritage.
Good video
Yeah. Yeah, ask about it. Make 'em answer. heehee Not even 8 seconds in, this vid already gets a like from me. Hell yeah.
For people who didnt see the subtitles, doofus said that he got death threats for that 9 second clip on twitter
Bruh
Controversial opinion! Slavery is not fun nor good 🤯
*i mean even canadians fumbled their best game called warframe by locking people in the NEW WAR mission and didn't nerf the mission to oblivion because stealth missions with drifter* *are second to impossible to speedrun and you have to camp for hours on end to even get through that security, did i mention you have to defeat 3 near impossible bosses? in each planet* *AFTER THE STEALTH BS?*
State's rights not to go bankrupt. No, I'm not defending slavery, it was OBJECTIVELY BAD.  But here's the thing. The entire economy of the south was based on slavery, and the south knew that if slavery was abolished and the slaves were set free, the entire economy of the south would crumble to the ground.  Again, i am not defending slavery, I'm am just trying to explain the situation.  It'd be like having your entire economy based in Oil amd then suddenly the oil wells dry up, except it was dried up by outside forces.
i love the abe clone high reference at 0:40
BASED DOOBUS.
Nobody in modern conservatism is in favor of slavery. Weirdly, it's the Democrats who seem to be bringing it back
This is so based of a take, not even the acidic sludge that is twitter is strong enough to try and neutralize it.
As a mexican. Maybe i shouldn't comment on the whole Slavery in the American civil war But I just want to say If the whole Golden Circle idea is true. It means they didn't want Only Slavery for America but for the whole continent so.....
Atun Shei did plenty of videos on this  Edit: If state pride is a good excuse New York alone has a longer history of heritage than the South, proud with diversity in all city dwellers of NYC
Reminds me of when Wolfenstein released a new game in 2017 or whatever and people got real upset about the premise of "nazis bad" cause they felt attacked, despite the fact that Nazis are bad.  What a world we live in where saying "racism, slavery, and genocide bad" is considered controversial.  Just like neo nazis, confederate apologists are total losers
Can't smash like on this one harder
"Oh, it wasn't just about slavery!" Okay, what else? "Well, it is also about fighting tyranny. You know, people overreaching and controlling too much of someone's life!" Oh, so like slavery?
The thing that kills me about the confederacy is that it tainted the song “Dixie” to the point where it is only associated with them.  Because despite the fact it is their anthem, it was only adopted and not created strictly for their cause.
Wrong flag
The south takes another big L.
Huzzah! Three cheers for Rebel tears! An end to the slavers and their treason!
I generally don't give a shit about politics, but thank god Doobus exists. Makes shit easy to understand.
I come for the troofs, I stay for the image of Frederick Douglas giving a racist douchebro the flying elbow.
Look cucking them is a job that i love.
Simple question, man.
As a non-American, I appreciate this history lesson.
Cant believe Goobus Doobus has made a political cartoon, how the...West? East? How do I mark a specific location on the internet? Actually is the animation community a faction or a state? Hell its never even been in grace so did it really fall? ... Oh how the animation community has stumbled 😭
Get em' Douglass!
the state rights is a bad argument because the south trampled northern state rights forcing them to return free slaves
Sherman only crime was shopping and Grants biggest failure was not taking away the landwowener and rich confederat office and políticas land and distributing them. Allowing them to have stayedin postiins of influence trully was the deathnail to proper reconstruction.
As someone who use to be a Lost Causer myself, I can tell you most people who still wave the Confederate battle flag, and claim it's their heritage, are the historians who like to focus on the battles and great victories by the Rebels (Bull Run, Chickamauga, Fredricksburg, Chancellorsville,  etc, etc.), and ignore the actual politics, from before, during, or after.  From Bleeding Kansas, to the enslavement of captured Black Union Soldiers (and free Black Civilians taken captive during the Gettysburg Campaign), and the rise of hate groups like the White League and the KKK, who among other crimes, harassed and/or murdered free Blacks and any White Northerners they could find, and attempted other Uprisings like the Battle Of Liberty Place in New Orleans, (fun fact: former Confederate General James Longstreet actually commanded a Black and White militia to try and fend off the White League during the Uprising, and he was shot in the leg while fighting, he was smart enough to leave well enough alone after the war, and in my opinion,  was one of the few "good Confederates").
As someone who used to think this way before I actually learned American history thoroughly, it hurts that people understand so little about our history. Doobus' explanations were more than enough, but here's a little more: Slavery was a pressing issue in American politics EVER SINCE ITS INCEPTION. The 3/5ths compromise was proof of this. Not to mention, for up to half a century before the civil war broke out, Congress had been trying to hold the country together with bandaids by keeping the balance of free and slave states equal as more states joined the union. The compromise of 1850 allowed California to tip the scales in congress in favor of free states in exchange for the enactment of the fugitive slave act. Not to mention, there was WIDESPREAD VIOLENCE in Kansas because the government decided to let the status of Kansas as a free or slave state be determined by a vote. The event was called BLEEDING KANSAS. Remember Texas? You know how there was a whole war fought between the US and Mexico because Texas joined the US? The reason that Texas joined the US over Mexico is because Mexico had outlawed slavery in 1829.  One thing I will support that some Pro-southerners will say is that a vast majority of confederate soldiers were probably not fighting because they wanted to keep their slaves. The majority of slaves were owned by large plantation owners, with roughly 75% of southerners not even owning a single slave. So if your grandad fought for the confederacy, that didn't necessarily make him an evil person. The confederacy was controlled by people who wanted to protect their financial interests, ie the massive plantation slave owners. It's THEIR interests that represent the interests of the Confederacy of the whole, and their interest was keeping their slaves. It's as simple as that. Don't let a twitter crusader call your grandad evil because he fought for the confederacy, but don't support the institution of the confederacy like it was some bastion of freedom and the American way.
Please don't get political, dude. I subbed for funny cartoons, not political commentary.
Lol “Get Douglass’d” Hell Yeah I love Frederick Douglas
Democrat run btw.
Lmao this is a really biased take ngl.  and don't get me wrong slavery is and was abhorrent but there were more reasons than slavery and state's rights.
I still find it hilarious slavery ended in the south before it ended in the north by about 2 years.
States rights to not be taxed into oblivion, and to seceed from the union if they wished as per the original agreements (hell some states even had the right of secession written into their agreement to join) Big fan of you Doobus and you're a great cartoonist but if you genuinely believe the civil war was primarily about slavery all you've done is inform me that when it comes to history you're a great cartoonist. Oh and Lincoln didn't free a single slave, go read the emacipation proclaimation, he freed the slaves only in the states he didn't control, even excluding the part of West Viginia he controlled by name, in the text of the proclaimation (which lead to such rioting in the north he had his own soldiers fire on crowds in New York killing 300). And because I'm sure some will disagree please read the emacipation proclaimation text first it's available online.
Then again there's still people who willingly defend nazism and communism.
If this is controversial you should open a textbook
i think we should just stop using social media all together and stick to games entertainment and business being on the internet instead because its just gone to shit
Sherman, like  Stalin, shouldn't have stopped
I found out recently that my ancestor was noted for his service in the Civil War fighting for The Union. I'm proud of my family!
Yes, it was the right to own slaves. But there is actually nuance here, the actual reason for the confederacy and primarily the civil war was because the North were already classified as "Free States" while the South was classified as "Slave States" and the South were getting mad when the North would refuse to send a slave back to the plantation if they escaped even though it actually was the law that the Free States had to do so. So even though what the North was doing was morally good it was not legal and primarily why the South said, "Well if they aren't going to follow the law why are we a Union?" and seceded. It is a lesson in history that being good and being law abiding are not always the same thing.
Terry crews has been acknowledged as the Old Spice guy longer than the lifespan of the confederacy
"iT's AbOuT tHe RiGhT tO oWn PrOpErTy"  Umm... PEOPLE AREN'T PROPERTY YA DINGUS!!!!
Southern Traitors are seething right now.
Could u make a Miss Piggy video where she's voiced by a voice actress?
*AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS-*  *RATTLE SNAKES & ALLIGATORS-*  *RIDE AWAY (RIDE AWAY) COME AWAY (COME AWAY) RIDE AWAY, COME AWAY*
Someone watches Atun Shei lol
Why not fight the superior English/British Civil War/War of the Three Kingdoms
Except that's not the Confederate flag, that's the rebel flag. 🤦‍♂
Some retards next door have a flag outside their house. That's half Confederate half modern American. I don't think they understand that's like having an "all are welcome" doormat but a "no trespassing" sign
My biggest takeaway from this is that the Annoying Orange is somehow still a thing.
Also, even amongst the grey, there's still sides that are better than others. Just because Lincoln enforced multiple unconstitutional actions (he may even be a dictator) doesn't mean that his cause wasn't much better than the "right" to force others into slavery.
I hate having to make comments on this sort of thing. Especially since I'm not American. But I swear people overlook the fact that the Union just wanted to stop slavery simply to tax them. I mean, black people still didn't get their rights for over a hundred years after the civil war. They were still treated horribly.
*Imagine saying that it’s ok to torture and force another human being to work and abuse them every single day of their lives just because they were born with different skin…*
Here come the comments oh boy
This is so embarrassing
Also minor point the Confederacy was formed in 1860
The man threw a whole Frederick Douglass at him.
remember the "lost cause" which is an attempt to misinform people about the true cause it was slavery and anyone who says otherwise is malicious or stupid (there were of course smaller things here and there but it was mostly slavery)
President Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.
i love the new linked videos list, thats so cool.  but u right
Have a sub to replace one of those 100. Fuck 'em.
Like, yeah, but...   Who was this made for?
Minor point but Lincoln wasn’t gonna abolish Slavery if the South didn’t succeed
Lmao I have an aunt who talks just like that guy
The fact he used the annoying orange as an example made me laugh my nose off
Gog bless the United States of America
Small critique, you got the Confederacy's flag wrong, it should be the white flag of surrender.
You act like slavery of blacks is bad.. Why?  Why is slavery of blacks bad.. Why? Why? Why?  Tell me why?  Tell us all why?
Get Fred Douglased
Replace "state's" with "trans".  Same energy.
it's time for Sherman to burn something
To cecede from the Union...
You know I know nothing of US history, so with the amount of people that still own Confederate flags, I always assumed it was at least somewhat more nuanced than this. Guess not
Unbelievably based
Didnt lincoln support an amendment to make it illegal to propose the 13th amendment? Before the civil war? Also wasnt the last state to ban slavery New Jersey? Not saying the Confederacy was good, just saying the yankees had it coming too. Plus, look at the amount of union soldiers who quit and ran after the Emancipation Proclomation.
That is also how you debate with a 'conservative': force them to either actually say their true intentions out loud (state's rights to do what?) instead of hiding behind dogwhistles, and refuse to let them actually move away from that. These jackasses will dodge around the question as hard as they can, using deflection and just outright changing the topic if they can get away with it, and letting them do that just lets them control the conversation. Don't let them control the conversation.
ＢＡＳＥＤ
Sing with me now: Away down south in the land of traitors, Rattlesnakes and Alligators. Come away, come away, come away, come away.
Main reason I don't get the Confederate statues is we live in the USA and the Confederacy was literally our enemy. It'd be like if America had tons of statues of Hitler.
Reminder that AirPods have existed for longer than the Confederacy did. (They were released 6 years ago)
I can't believe we looped back to the time where people defend nazis and the traitors "states rights"
Sherman didn't go far enough 🔥
Confederate nuts have always been cringe. I remember in 2013, my home town back in CA, there was a confederate patterned Furry that demanded he be allowed to parade around the Promenade Mall in the suit and it was the most cringe worthy thing I'd experienced up until that point. Wholesale Karen Confederate Furry
Cringe and Yankee-pilled.
Fun fact everybody in this comment section has lived longer than the confederacy lasted.
Mfs started a whole war just because they didn’t want to pay their McDonald’s employees 12$ a month
Can't argue with that, I reckon. All I can say is that the south will rise again. Also slavery bad.
Also one of the biggest hypocritical moments of the confederacy was they they left for “states rights” yet when West Virginia wanted to break away from Virginia because they didn’t want to leave the union the confederacy got pissed and tried to make them not leave.
As a Texan, I will never understand why so many still defend and support the Confederacy over a war that was a century and a half ago and for something so blatantly evil. Also, seeing everything unfold on Twitter was pure gold and I could not stop laughing
This is beautiful
Lincoln didn't push for abolishment of slavery until it was politically advantages. He also told the Confederate citizens that if they surrender and rejoin the union they could continue slavery. He also promised if in his inaugural speech to never end slavery. He also wanted to expell every black citizen back to Africa. He also put bounties on native Americans and paid for every scalp brought in. Not just men, but women and children too. The Confederacy fought for the right to govern their own laws separate from the federal government. Look it up. Lincoln came from a family of slavers and directly benefited from it and was a massive racist.   But sure put up a one sided 8th grade interpretation from Google searches you agree with and ignore the fact he had people executed without trial.
both the union and confederacy sucked, both racist institutes. Like The confederacy sucked more but unions shouldnt be praised.
Lotsa "history students" in the comments lol
Was the Doobus and the Goobus swapped? Because I swear it was Goobus Doobus.
Abraham Lincoln still deserved it
Thanks for tha hilarious fucking video, this was some class shit
The South doesn't need to be good for the Union to still be bad. Also, Abraham Lincoln didn't free any slaves.
Fallout has existed longer and there's literally an entire group that's just the confederacy but radioactive
it’s so funny because they keep saying “slavery wasn’t the only thing you’re ignoring our other concerns” AND THEN THEY DONT SAY THE OTHER CONCERNS. LIKE WHAT ELSE ARE YOU CONCERNED WITH?? MAKING SURE TRANS PEOPLE ARENT ALLOWED TO PISS???
The Georgia flag is still the confederate flag even though they “changed it” in 2003.
This is the longest double edged knife conflict that has outlived the original conflict and its so annoying, im a southerner so im surrounded by all these delicious nut jobs and there "the south will rise again" and i have family from the north that are "every southerner was a awful person and im just like "cant we just say both sides were equally as shitty and stfu?"
Union Dixie is probably the first diss track ever made
Down with Confederate cringe! Glory to the Union! Sherman should have gone further!
The ironic thing is, General Grant of the Union HAD slaves at the time of the Civil War, whereas General Lee of the Confederacy had none.  Not disagreeing with you, dude, just stating. Slavery sucks.
It's bad when the FUCKIN WII U outlasted the confederacy
We all go to down to Dixie!
On the Library of Congress website, I found this one book from a Southern historian written after Reconstruction. The book was intended to chronicle the aggressions of the North for future historians. I was morbidly curious to see what it had to say, so I skimmed through about 100 Pages of complaining about Northerners until I saw a line where the author mentioned that black men couldn't be trusted due to the "negro's savage nature".  As a black guy from the future that guy was writing for, I find it hard to care about "northern aggression" when the writer literally thinks my entire race consists of Savages. Throughout the book, he complains about Lincoln and Northerners not actually caring about black people, but when the author calls me a savage, and Lincoln signs the Emancipation Proclamation, choosing a side of history is easy lol.  Edit: incase anyone was curious, I found the book in my history: Facts and Falsehoods concerning the war on the South, George Edmonds. Turns out, he wrote it in 1904!  "Rapes of young matrons and maidens and little girl children were not known in the south until after the savage, but slumbering instincts of the negro nature had been awakened"  A line like that being written for "historians" is what made it so insane to me, that even decades after the war, in the 20th century, that's the image some southerners thought to cling onto.
The world needed this video
Annoying orange for president!... wait, we've already had him and hes now being indicted for spreading classified docs.  Love it.
God, everything about this video is just exquisite Also I love how you always put more jokes in the captions
It's easy to tell who flunked history classes in school when people try to defend slavery. It was never a right, it's just evil. It's just having common sense
Please don't start getting political. Going political is the no.1 killer of content creators
Man this sucks. I can only like this video once. 😢
The only problem I have with this idea; so the North went to war because they loved black people so much?
Confederate Apologists' new favorite excuse - it was about taxes (tariffs). Bitch, do you know that US tariff rates were almost at historic low and New York alone collected more tariffs than the entire South?
We live in a world where there are people who think that taking down statues of historical figures who's entire ideology was supporting racism and slavery is erasing the past, yet they fully support not teaching kids about the KKK  *Cool*
I normaly hate america and want it to 1991 ussr its self, but when dixi says shit we have a duty to shit on the csa
as a southerner currently residing in virginia, the former CAPTIAL STATE of the confederacy, anyone who defends the confederacy should be clowned into oblivion. these bozos cant even fly the correct flag the popular one is a battle flag ffs
States rights = based  Slavery = little dick energy
👴🏻-I miss those days when I fought the Confederates.
Interesting video
It was the Annoying Orange part that fucking killed me
He said what we are all thinking…
comment tribute
As someone who's in a ton of college history courses, the green toxic slime man is right in saying that there are some situations that aren't grey. The South started the war because of slavery, and every defense you can try to give them is inherently tied to slavery. The only possible grey element to the Civil War was that the North developed way faster than the South due to trade routes and better communication with the growing West. However, this caused the South to believe their only way of developing themselves on par with the North, was through slavery. This thus led to there being a big cultural divide between the North and the South. That said, the cultural and economic divide between both areas was BASED upon slavery. Even if the North never helped develop the South, which they did do, just to a lesser extent, it is never right to build something culturally and economically off the predudice and force servitude of people. Most historians want there to be grey elements to every conflict, since it puts into perspective how multiple factors helped develop our modern day. It helps make it easier for humans to learn from our mistakes, while also letting us know that both good and evil ideas are inherently apart of humanity. That said, you should never forgo the truth of a matter to pertain to your perspective. That's why revisionist history is a terrible thing, and why we should accept that some things can be black and white. I didn't expect to go on a tangent at this funny vid, but I felt it necessary to all those people trying to find the grey in a black and white conflict. Now, lets laugh at funny man okay?
Did I miss something? Goobus has some confederate defenders been picking on you?
Roe V Wade was actually about women's rights to DO WHAT????
What religion were they again? It was one of those religions where their God endorsed slavery. I forgot the name of it.
I love going to southern events with my history degree and doing the exact same thing goobus does. The fact I haven't been shot yet amazes me
The real grey of civil war was the norths treatment of blacks as well.
Bro, if there was a clean version of this I'd show it to my social studies children. (Regardless, very funny)
I absolutely shit you not, the moment he said "slavery adjacent", a pickup truck with a front license plate that was half United States & half Confederacy drove past me.
Moral of story support the annoying orange instead of the confederacy
Good way to show you don't know shit about the confederacy. Most regular people in the south didn't own slaves and many poor families actually had black members and white members. The civil war had as much to do about slavery as BLM had to do with actually helping people and not stealing millions of dollars. The blacks were actually treated worse in the north than they were in the south with plans to ship them all back to Africa where they would have been re enslaved after the war was over.
Love the clone high reference.
The confederacy is definitely a bad entity, but it wasn’t black and white. For example, the southern states wanted to succeed from the Union because of slavery, and the constitution prevented that, so they were fighting for independence. The second argument is that for northern farmers it wasn’t for moral reasons, but rather that cheap labour would make them loose their jobs, so they voted against slavery. The Confederate States of America, how bad it was, had some reasons.
How about the hazard orange muscle car?
Extremely, and I cannot stress this enough, Extremely based Goobus moment right here. Nothing better than putting a traitor in their place.
Hahaha, i'm a man
I'm not really that patriotic to my country with current government chooses like what the Supreme Court is doing, but one of the few things that I will be patriot is dunking on those racist DIXIE traitors.  AMERICA!  F**K YEEEEAAH!
I love you for this, also look into who John Brown's is...
Love this, glad you roasted that old guy LoL! 🤣😂🤣😂
While I don't agree with what the Confederacy wanted to do using the argument of "state rights", state rights are still important. Each state has its own unique problems that blanket laws for everyone will not help solve every time. Some laws of course should be blanketed in all states like abolishing slavery, but (as an example) I wouldn't want to see water regulations that tropical/wet states have being put over desert states because then water usage wouldn't be regulated as heavily for the states that need it.
Immaculate take.
Love the civil war and false information going on in the comment section 😂🍿🤣
The American Patriotism entering my body, when I hear union dixie
This is true! South seceded because they feared theyd lose slavery. BUT, if they hadnt, slavery likely would have persisted a bit longer. The north still had slave states with them and they hadnt actually been fighting to stop slavery until they realized hey good publicity to prevent the south from getting foreign help. This lil thing is off memory from school history courses.  But yeah the confederacy 100% seceded because they wanted to maintain slavery
Goobus, it's never a bad time to call out confederates! As for those "other reasons" a not insignificant number of them could still be boiled down to slavery and regardless the fact that slavery was still the major issue really makes any other argument pointless. No one worth having a discussion with is gonna ask for Hitler's policy on taxation before calling the guy a monstrous human
Common Dobbus W
But why do we have to ban the dukes of hazzard flag
All of this goes into the point of removing the statutes. They were not erected following the end of the civil war but in the early 20th century by the daughters of the confederacy, a known affiliate of the kkk. It was not to honor the dead of the civil war but to impose the idea of white dominance in jim crow america. It's all just pieces of the, "Lost Cause," myth propagated by actual clan members.
Is that fucking clone high abe?
Confederacy is just alabama flag
Idk, this seems kinda lazy.
You need to clarify one thing though - Lincoln did not get elected to abolish slavery. He and the Republican Party didn't campaign to end slavery. They only tried to ban slavery in the West, namely the newly acquired territories from Mexico and only hoped that one day the South abandons its 'peculiar institution'. Yet, even this was too triggering for the slave-holding South.
Its amazing how this came out when I am doing a presentation about the civil war. (specifically from Russia's pov, which was the ONLY COUNTRY WHO SIDED WITH THE NORTH)
Get em goobus
Be far when people get beat out of shape over things like Duke of hazzard that where it become a eye roll to me😒
Based Broccoli man
Dunking on Confederates because its the Patriotic thing to do.
The confederacy was fought because of Taxes since both north and south owned slaves, and Abe did however promise to abolish slavery, however in doing so Slaves would go to the north to gain nothing but freedom, which means they couldn't afford living costs, food costs, and considering most were from Africa the north was far too cold for them. but to get back to the point the South was fighting for Taxes because the north saw more slaves going south and living more comfortably rather than wanting to be living in the north. And so the north wanted to increase the taxes which made the south outraged and cause the civil war in which people of color were more than happy to fight in because 1) the north was too cold and they didn't want to go up even though the promise of freedom. 2) even though they gained the freedom they couldn't afford any housing or food which allowed most of them to die 3) the south actually treated slaves a lot more better than the north did, taking care of their children , and even being able to buy out their slavery in time.
An interesting take that I've heard is that there is a disparity between the soldiers of the confederacy and its leadership. The leaders were most definitely racists who seceded for the sake of the continuation of slavery, but the Confederate soldiers were answering the call to arms of their states in a day and age where state nationalism surpassed federal nationalism significantly.   Since most confederate descendants are far and away descended from the soldiery, rather than their leaders, it would make sense that those soldiers would tell their kids that they were fighting for their state, rather than slavery. Remember that it was a significant minority of southerners who actually had slaves.  Not really trying to excuse the CSA, it was bad and deserved to lose, but it's worth examining why this cultural adoration developed rather than just have the intellectually lazy reason of, "It's just the losers saving face"
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! BASED!  GET EM GOOBUS!!!!!!!!
Yes, the slavery is bad, of course. But then why would some states on the north with the slaves joined the USA, not tho Confederates and even Lincoln said that he would not touch states' rights to own slaves if it would save the country?  Anyway...slavery is shit, and the act of traitoring your own country also. Still, fuck Lincoln
"States' rights" always seems to have an end result of stripping away citizen's rights and freedoms. Funny that.
Based video
It's also funny because back then, all confederates were democrats, but now they are all Republicans
Good, stick it to'em,
Nah he got death threats for speaking facts 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🥶
Annoying Orange is arguably worse than the Confederacy
Only in DixieLand.
Just wanted to point out that Lincoln stated that if he could end the war by preserving slavery he would.
He's not lying I just hate that this is a debate.
Confederates can get bent
“B-But it’s our history!”  Yeah, history of taking fat L’s.
Even the nazis outlived the confederacy, and they got gangbanged by the whole planet.
Me wondering who the Hell still supports the Confederacy in this day and age? 🤔   Then I read a post on Twitter and get my answer. 😵‍💫
Ignorant take but alright. It wasn't all about slavery and saying otherwise is disingenuous. State's rights already existed before the civil war. The Union used slavery as an excuse to create a centralized government. The oligarchs of the Confederacy used state's rights as an excuse to keep control of the southern states. The war was nothing but a power grab on both sides and all of "little people" that unfortunately died on both sides genuinely believed they were doing the right thing. The founding fathers knew that a centralized government was an incredibly bad idea, and that's why states acted as independant governments initially. Centralized government is one of the main reasons our country is a divided shithole at the moment. The Federalist Papers are VERY MUCH a part of our history since the beginning and I recommend anyone give them a read. The whole "good guys vs bad guys" mindset is extrodinarily childish and shows how disconnected from reality you are. Real life is much more complicated than that.
Never before in history have I seen a take so brave
Both the confederate and Union were bad (Im keeping my battle flag because i like to colllect flags)
Any confederacy's advantage is not having a powerful centralized government. We can all agree slavery is bad today, that is not a point of contention, but we could at least discuss the civil war from other perspectives like state vs national government. I don't like that people in California's cities can tell an Ohioan farmer how to live, for example.   And slavery being bad, most people are completely fine with or indifferent to slavery, they just don't want slavery to be where they can see it. If they hate slavery they shouldn't buy Apple or Nestlé. I don't because of it.  Also this is pretty funny. There are definitely occasions where this happens and definitely confederates who support slavery.
Whenever i hear "it was actually fought for states' rights" my whole body instantly performs a hook punch
People (some people) still say, "slavery wasn't that bad".  You usually find it's these "family owned business" guys and gals who don't really stand to get boycotted or fired from their own employment in their "racist-friendly" podunk towns.
"The Civil War wasn't black and white" it literally was, specifically whites trying to own blacks as their property and denying them basic human rights.
Fun fact: the Confederacy existed for 1547 days. One Piece currently has 1068 episodes. Hopefully it'll break 1550 so an episode a day would take longer than the confederacy existed
The annoying orange fact is unbelievably sobering
Honestly, while I will say I do not think that whole ordeal was handled well, a lot of government overreach that I won't get into. I want to strangle anyone that runs around with a Confederate flag in my town. Mother fucker this is bleeding Kansas you take that shit and get the fuck down south we bled just to not be part of that shit alright? This state from the day it was born was fighting the Confederacy since it as born and we fucken won baby!
The lost Dukes of Hazzard finale has finally been found!
The Space Jam movie website lasted longer than the Confederacy lmao
"DAW HELL MAN! I THOUGHT IT MEANT OWN AS IN "ha, I really owned that guy!" I DIDN'T REALIZE IT WAS LITERAL!"
Slavery is their heritage huh
People forget that the union didnt ban slavery at first. they banned the south from owing slaves.
It's really funny how many people have gotten incredibly mad at Doobus for this, ever since he even hinted at the video on twitter.  He had people making soyjacks of his character commiting suicide, and speculating on his skin color (these lads were VERY sure he wasn't white), all because he made fun of their dogshit flag. Lol
"Very few things in history are black and white." Yeah, like the Confederacy cause they wanted there to be a clear distinction between Black and White. Specifically that White meant "worthy of human rights" and Black meant "three-fifths of a person, at most."
Oooh, let's think of some more things that have existed longer than the Confederacy. I'll start.  The Nintendo Switch, Minecraft, DoobusGoobus's YouTube Channel, My Hero Academia, A Mini Donut food truck that sometimes comes by my work, Tom Holland's acting career, and a pet hedgehog my mom used to have.
It really wasnt about anything more than slavery, they tried so hard but even the confederates didn't hide it very well
My existence is older than the confederacy. Not because I’m an ancient being, but because I’m a grown ass man
"Get Douglas'd" really got me good.
I love America, I love my country, I don't like learning about all the horrible parts of this country but we have to learn these things so we don't repeat. We can make this country bounds and leaps better than how our founding fathers left it for us.
The only reasonable response to any man stating that the Confederate States wasn't about slavery is "Go back to your own country!'
To those who unsubscribed because of this.  We separated the weak from the strong.  Get a sense of humor.
Best form of patriotism there is.
Well. this is a surprisingly dumb take from an otherwise good creator. No one is denying slavery bad. But yes you are ignoring all the other issues. namely that alot of places in the north still had slaves. Lincoln nearly had a second secession after his proclamation to end slavery. The emancipation as declared a good bit after the war began as an attempt to keep European powers from getting involved. Then north had until then used federal red-tape to make industrializing and investing in the south harder. They were required, by law, to ship the vast majority of their produce, cotton, metals, lumber, ext.  To the north who then processed it in their plants and exported it. This created huge wealth disparity.
Not saying it's good, but slavery isn't the worst thing that can happen to you     I'm canceled for saying that aren't I? 😐
The only redeeming thing about the CSA is that its flag is better than USA's.
Sherman didn’t burn enough
Strange that people who claim to be patriots are celebrating the worst traitors in US history.
I was tempted to make a Buck Breaking joke, but I decided to leave it out.
He’s so brave for this
Didnt the KKK exist as sorta of a post-war remnant of the Confederacy?
Me when the rights for states
The Union version of Dixie was really ahead of its time
Nuh-uh!
pseudo intellects malding and seething as we type.
It’s amazing just how deeply ingrained Confederate apologists are in history, considering that a lot of them managed to write the narrative of the Civil War in their favor for the better part of a century before the Civil Rights movement finally started to take down their rhetoric
As a Arkansan, thank you for putting my thoughts into words. The confederacy is not our heritage, it's not something that lasted hundreds or thousands of years, it was a stint of people who were fighting for slavery. Not everyone who fought was fighting for slaves mind you,  but the states themselves and the "country" were.
Bruh the comments be saying this is a controversial opinion y'all need to get off of Twitter and go outside
Lincoln wanted to deport blacks to an island after the war (this was based)
Lmfao tge weirdos coming out of the woodwork to try and defend the confederate racists
Slavery was bad, not just cause, well slaves but also because it was a rich mans 1%er game that screwed over the poor whites too.   Otoh Yankees can suck start a Brown Bess and hated Blacks as bad if not worse than any southerner. The South should secede again, but this time minus the slavery and adding 1812'n the White House.
the Confederacy was bad. m'kay
The north was right to do what they did because slavery is morally reprehensible and entirely indefensible. But the path of hyperconsolidation of power it set us down was objectively a net negative. But that's all in the past now and the way forward is through hard fought legal battles.
As a Southerner, I'm so glad people are talking shit about the Confederacy. It was a bad idea and deserved to be put down.
let the man in the hat cook
“The Confederacy was Bad” Only the hottest takes
WE ALL GO DOWN TO DIXY, DIXEY DIXI IDK THAT MUSIC IS COOL
I'll be real, the only thing that aggravates me about the whole discourse for me is that the term Dixie = Confederacy. Yes I know it was used for it and shit, but like, growing up in Kentucky, the term Dixie to refer to the South for me is like using the term New England to refer living in, well, New England.   "The South" just sounds so generalized that if it wasnt purely for context you'd have to ask "The South of what?"   "Well that's such a stupid and trivial point why mention it" thats why I usually don't. Just felt like voicing it once. But I don't wanna come off as pro confederate, because I agree with the message in the video.
"9/11 was bad"
I think this is a good time to say this now   The confederacy flag is one of the most nazi/war looking flags I've ever seen
As a southerner ive never understood how so many of us can fly the "confederate" flag and the US flag at the same time.
I like how people harp on the "traitors" line in that technically the entire Union was traitorous to the Crown, failing to understand that calling Confederacy defenders "traitors" is a criticism of their often nationalistic ideologies that they abide by when identifying as American despite supporting a regime that, verifiably, shot first  And then bring up bad things the North did as if the Confederacy was better or wouldn't have done the same things if not worse _especially given the ideology that they abide by as reason for existing in the first place_
Man clone high has deep lore
Okay, then.  😄
Common confederate L
I hope this is spammed at every confederate prick who dares post anything even slightly confederate in nature.
Southerners: I'm a patriotic American! Also Southerners: Try to justify the actions of a country who seceded from and went to war with the United States
God bless America ✝️🇺🇲
Holy shit. The Annoying Orange has been around longer than the confederacy?! Well. The more you know I guess.
Man…doobus hit me with a crazy history lesson today 😶 I gotta admit the fact you did research on the annoying orange out lived them is even more crazier well done goobus! 💪🏼
This is what I've been sayin, we need to make Annoying Orange apart of our collective heritage.
The confederacy wasn't all about slavery.  Fact of the matter is that an overwhelming majority of people would never and could never even afford slaves. The only reason they got an army was by having big plantation push a "states rights" agenda in the media   So don't JUST fuck slavery. Eat the rich, too :P
The Annoying Orange has lasted longer than this. Wow
Doobus think he Eminem💀💀💀
Wrong Confederate flag, too.  Puts the cherry on top that these Lost Causers know jack shit about history.
People really freak out when they see what party was one what side. And that's when the real funny arguments happen.
I like your take on slave owners, can you do one on current slave owners in sex trafficking rings owning children as slaves
Sherman is cheering and laughing in his grave, watching this.
You know you done fucked up when Doobus gets so mad at you that he grows pupils
I heard you lost 100 subs for posting based material.     Let me make that go down to 99 aka I subscribe.
i can't say i know much about freedonica history, but as an outsider, yeah, slavery bad
I didn't realize the confederates actually seceded from the nation (thanks social studies teachers). This whole time I thought it was like factional politics that escalated into armed conflict or something. I mean, it's called a civil war rather than a war between nations, so the back of my mind just kind of had a decade-spanning brain fart. This makes the heritage arguments so much more hilarious than I realized since it's not "this is how *my* american ancestors did it" but instead "We literally (tried to) formed our own country to do this and I liked that country."
Is it bad that i like both versions of Dixie?
I love when goobus uploads, it's a certified goobus classic
I saw that Clone High reference!
Giga Chad Doobus 👍🏻
wow the amount of traitors and racist are just oozing out of the walls
Hot damn you're goddamn right, linking the checkmate lincolnites series in the description is a nice touch
thank you for using clone high Lincoln as Lincoln
The CIS lasted longer than the confederacy just pointing that out
What makes it sadder is that Animaniacs lasted longer than them, too. (1993-1998, original series, 1994-1998, spin-off series, 2020-2023, reboot). That more than 30 years.
Isnt the annoying orange still going
I need a "Get Douglased" T-shirt and or poster TODAY
That's funny cause I just came back from Gettysburg for its 160th anniversary. Then this was made. This is perfect.
Ah good ol' Union Dixie!
😂
Incredibly put 😂😂😂 'State's rights' is always hide some bullshit
Bro watched one atun-shei video.
Democrats = Confederate, Republicans fought them to free slaves. And for some reason history got twisted, but Republicans never changed and Democrats twist shit up. Don’t believe me? Look that shit up for yourselves and don’t be sheep!
Slavery has not ended in the united states, and the people who fought for slavery are still around. The support for slavery during the civil war was not only driven by plantation owners, but by poorer whites who dreamed of building their own empire if only they could aquire "one good slave".   Private prisons create an economic incentive to find prisoners, and many people in prison are there for drug related crimes which nowadays would not even be illegal or criminal. The ones who are jailed and forced to work in these prisons are overwhelmingly POC.  And the mentality that started it all was essentially chasing "passive income" on the backs of POC. Capitalism's foundation is on owning labor of others and floating your existence on the backs of other men.  The people who fought for slavery are still around. Poor conservatives who dream of being billionaires and removing equity support for POC are still around. Their evil dreams pull america further and further back from competing with other modern countries.
Bro what do people even need slaves for? Just do it yourself.
im a yankie through and through but this is kinda cringe
Mostly taxes, trade fees, land status and... yes, slavery. On the other hand, economic processes would solve this problem, since slavery is simply economically not profitable in the long run. In fact, such splits do not occur in one place, the south and north of the United States had very different mentalities and cultural characteristics, quotes from politicians are not a sufficient argument. And, as history shows, the perception of anything at all as absolute good or evil leads to radicalization and biased perception of history. But I'm not an American, so I have no right to judge (but let's at least not forget the rather harsh measures to destroy the regional characteristics and culture of the south. Yes, there were plans for more, but if the integration was really successful, then the demand for dixie protection would be zero).
As a non-American 18 year old who knows nothing about politics outside of the voting system, this video is good.
Yay, political video from funny animated character
Let’s also not forget that significantly more foreign volunteers came to fight for the Union than the Confederacy. Even the majority of the world did not believe in the CSA.
Dad was watching Gods & Generals last night, and I kept making jokes during it dunking on the Confederacy. This set him off and he went "Oh but did you know, in the south if you owned more than 20 slaves you didn't have to fight in the war! The southern soldiers that fought were innocent poor people that didn't own (that many) slaves!" As if this was supposed to be a sick "gotcha" moment. Well guess what, even if a soldier didn't personally own any slaves, he's still DEFENDING SLAVERY by fighting in the war, so I don't care and I'm gonna dunk on those traitorous idiots anyway!
FACTS! the states right excuse is just that, an excuse. it's not their actual reason.
This was well worth the wait. Great job man 😊
Other things that were around longer than the Confederacy, in case you're curious: The Microsoft Zune Ghostbusters Cereal Speaking of Ghostbusters, the period (in-universe) between Ghostbusters I and Ghostbusters II where there was no supernatural activity Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt's Marriage The Recording Sessions for Guns N Roses's Album "Chinese Democracy" The Band Nirvana Production for Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings movies Myspace The Fast Saga The Doritos Locos Taco Any Can of Tuna (as long as it isn't opened) And last but not least, Fraiser. And that's just stuff I could think of reasonably. There's a multitude of other things that lasted longer than the Confederacy. I just couldn't feasibly fit them into one YouTube comment.
"by the way, can you answer my question, you fucking traitor?" 10/10 delivery
I like how Doobus could only force themselves to draw a single picture of the Annoying Orange.
Dont know where you got the "states rights" argument, never heard that from a confederate sympathizer lol  The civil war was the south's uncompliance with the north and south becoming the 50 states. Slavery was a *part* of the civil war, but they weren't fighting specifically for african american rights.
Checkmate, Lincolnites!
This was an excellent video.
This video made me 800x more patriotic. USA! USA! USA!!!! 🇺🇸🦅
What a nice animation, I'm glad everybody loves it and that it totally didn't expose the racist cesspools of Twitter.
Burnin' Sherman approves this message.
When people bring up that there's more to the civil war happening than a state's rights and slavery, there was: state economics. The thing is though, the economics that the confederacy was concerned about keeping were fuelled by slavery. Basically, the Southern states put their eggs into one basket, that basket being agriculture done by slaves. The agriculture businesses would eventually make up most of the states' economies. This meant that abolishing slavery would require these states to, y'know, actually pay their workers. So yeah, it was about more than just slavery, but the other things it was about *were also connected to slavery.*
I for one would welcome the replacement of all Confederate flags with Annoying Orange merch
Union Gang 🇺🇸
Rights are a tricky thing. No matter the rights you want to support them because freedom by definition is good, but then you have the worst possible examples for everyone arguing their rights. State's rights, civil war slavery. Gun rights, drunk shirtless dude firing a semi-auto at animals that are never in season. Rights to use substances, someone trading cheap vodka or THC to someone under age for an HJ. Like in theory, rights, yes. In practice, why is everyone making the right to [blank] look like the worst possible thing?
bro the confederate flag deadass is the world's biggest participation trophy. Flying one screams "I'm a loser!" oh yeah people were bringing these flags to a local school somewhat near me in response to a trans rights rally so yeah that's fun
The subtitles make all of your videos better
Grade A Video Sir! Grade A!!!
Woke
I'd say this video is low hanging fruit... If not for the hoard of mouth breathing troglodytes still parroting these talking points.  Death to fascism!
Sherman should’ve gone further
Thank you for this, Doobus. Glad someone of your status had the guts to call out those rattlesnakes and alligators.
“Get Douglas’ed” is my new catchphrase when wearing my union kepi.
I have used this argument as well.  Love you Doobster.
There are few things I love more in life than when people dunk on stupid Lost Causers with their own words, and then watching them cope and whine.  The only time I ever actually feel proud to be American...
I was listening to Union Dixie a while ago because of the algorithm and i never thought in 100 years I'd hear it in a Doobus cartoon.
Most people:  “Evil people are evil”   The modern Conservative:  “Now hold on a sec-“
My buddy dale did that once
Just remember, the angrier confederate shills are after watching, the better the video.
Hehe, Abe Lincoln looks like clone high Abe Lincoln, but that might just be cuz they’re literally the same person
Oh, so the STATE gets rights but the 3 MILLION people you have locked up for the rest of their lives and future generations get what out of this deal? Oh yeah, they get to keep being locked up for the rest of their lives and future generations. And if any of them try to escape because they don't like it, they'll be tortured if not killed. Thank GOD that we have these DICKSY BOIS fighting so hard for FREEDOM amirite?
Will say if you want a good place to start looking into breaking down and debunking myths about the civil war and the confederacy, Atun Shei’s “Checkmate Lincolnites” series is a pretty good (though sometimes flawed) way to go.
Based and Sherman pilled 1:14
THANK YOU. Ive been saying this for years in reponse to the 'states rights' bs
Don't forget that they didn't mind taking away a states right to not allow slavery within their borders.
The Anticipation Proclamation was created and used against the Confederacy, since the Confederacy had seceded from the Union Abraham Lincoln didn't legally enforce it. (Just a fun fact.)
I thought the confederate flag was some kind of UK flag or something for the longest time, thanks education system! 👍
Other things that outlasted the confederacy: - Phineas and Ferb - LEGO Ninjago - The release windows of all 3 Star Wars trilogies - The lifespan of every Play Station, Xbox, and Nintendo console (except the Virtual Boy) - Metroid Prime 4’s development - Those 2 in 1 condiments that Heinz sells  Feel free to add more!
lmao I clicked thinking this was some sort of explanation instead of just a dunk
Doobus' based bus has no breaks.
Bro, I love America and the god damn confederacy made America look like a bunch of damn racists it’s bullshit
Oh boy. Americans thinking they stopped Slavery again.   One name and a century before you were forced to do this gives reason to it. William Wilberforce. Your war was based on part of your country not wanting to follow the rest of the world in outlawing Slavery. And it took you nearly a century to do that as well...
I feel like there are interesting things to be discussed about the other reasons why the civil war happened but almost any one who says it was about states rights isn't actually interested in have a discussion they're just coping with the fact that their traitorous ancestors rebellion failed
Bruh
Let me preface this comment with this statement: slavery bad. Confederacy bad. Mega evil. "Slavery adjacent" is an understatement, that was like their #1 priority and that's horrendous. I am not defending either of these things. I agree 100% with the point Mr Green Man was making, and this is not sarcasm  But! In grey moustachioed blob man's defense, it was the states rights to pass their own laws, which would prevent the federal government from forcing their own laws above them, such as, oh idk, things like affirmative action, or pro choice vs pro life, you know, things I've heard are very controversial atm.  Plus, even if you are objectively the correct opinion in an argument, shushing someone and not allowing them to speak to even attempt to defend their horrible opinion just makes you look like an asshole. All it does is increases animosity between us. If we allow the other person to speak, we might be able to deconstruct their argument and actually convince them that they are in fact incorrect, instead of just making them think "this guy doesn't give two flying shits about being correct, he just wants to shut me up. I'm right and I know it."  ...idk why I felt so passionate about this. The video is supposed to be comedic...
The problem with the South was that on top of being the birthplace of eugenics and race superiority, they were (ironically) entirely dependent on slavery economically. This issue was known since the country's inception, leading to the 3/5ths compromise. However, instead of weaning off slavery because it was a grossly flawed system, they doubled down.
Another funny fact: Georgia's state flag is the Confederate flag with a single small alteration. To be fair, there's a vast number of rednecks that don't know that either. The absolute irony is that Georgia changed their flag, which used to feature the battle flag you're talking about, due to the racist connotation... Into the Confederate flag and not a soul talks about it.
Errrrrrrm Based Goobus?
one was pro slavery the over was pro taxes, the worst kind of slavery
Ironic thing is like even at the foundation of the USA there was two people even in the state house that believed slavery being immoral so the mere idea that it was "different times" still doesn't apply, I mean there's no such thing as "different times" if you're owning someone, because the enslaved can't consent to anything. (The mere fact that this has to be nailed into people's thick noggins when they even bring up any form of justification like "b-but what if the slave owners weren't too aggressive" is telling in of itself that the people... are kinda retarded if not straight up evil.)
Remember, if you get death threats for stating something, there's a 95% chance you're correct.
“If they don’t like it here, why don’t they make their own country? Oh that’s right… I burned that shithole to the ground.” - General Sherman, probably
“StAtEs RiGhT’s”  What about human rights
Well, not to disprove your point, but annoying orange also kinda outlived Nazi Germany
This is amazing.  And yet Twitter will probably get mad at this somehow.
my fifth grade history teacher legit told my class that the civil war was “fought over states’ rights” and god i always wish i could go back and do something like what doobus did in this video (i live in kentucky for anyone curious)
it's hilarious how even the most unpatriotic americans you could imagine start waving the US flag and standing for the national anthem the moment confederates come up
“A nation that lasted less than the annoying orange”  Which if funny because literally no foreign government recognized the confederacy and a goodly part of that was Russia threatening to declare war on anyone who did. That and confederate diplomats were absolutely terrible. Jefferson Davis was so overly confident in the necessity for American cotton that he legitimately thought he could just wave the promise of cotton in Europeans faces and they would just cave in to his every demand. What ended up happening instead was the British and French expanded their colonial holdings and started growing their own cotton and France also invaded Mexico and placed an Austrian as a puppet dictator.  All of that to say that even to say “a country” is a bit of a stretch.
So this is what you wanted those million subs for *applause*
Based Goobus lmao
Considering the annoying orange wasn't up against a country with a far superior industrial base, Bigger and better navy not to mention a larger population. And unlike all the other countries the USA has wrongly invaded was right on its doorstep, Unlike Vietnam and Afghanistan etc. Time was against the confederacy, the sheer fact they lasted as long as they did is a testament to their ingenuity, resourcefulness and pride.
As someone who was born and raised in the south, it really does suck to see so many people still trying to support the Confederacy. But don't worry, there's just as many people who make fun of it lol
Haha War go brrrrrrr
Dab on the racists!
Douglas go get them
As a resident Alabamian, every time I see a confederate flag the urge to blast Union Dixie swells up inside me. Unfortunately, the urge to not engage in a debate and/or gunfight with the smooth brain that put it up is even greater. Damn traitors.
Why does every one think the North did not own slaves? First off, New Jersey didn’t abolish slavery up until the war ended. Then you got the border states that were with the Union who had slaves. Next, the Indian territories which had slavery also kept them up until after the war. Then you got Abraham Lincoln who clearly said that he did not want to abolish slavery, only to limit it. Finally, in the earlier parts of the Civil War, you would see the Union classifying slaves as “Contraband” and using them to build railroads. Yankees need to get off their high horse and admit that they also had slaves. Also another thing that state’s rights were for was the crappy tariffs the North placed on us. Also I will admit now, I am against slavery and I did hate that about the Confederacy AND the Union.  Edit: You didn’t even use the correct flag for the Confederacy.
It’s disappointing to see how many people actually talk about the confederacy in a positive they freaking foundations are being racist and about the “superior race” seems pretty bad to me
Friendly reminder the confederacy and the nazi regime had pretty much the exact same ideals
Good Golly I HOPE that Atun-Shei replies to this. A collab between you two would be the strongest bond to persevere since the Union ;D
Their leader gave a fiery and impassioned speech defending slavery during his inaugural address. he then jailed and deported numerous political opponents before the war even began. shut down over 200 newspapers for daring to criticize him and sent out soldiers to exterminate Indian tribes out west, and gunned down protestors in a major US city. But enough about Abraham Lincoln.
Clone High Abe💀
The funniest part is that those supporting the confederacy call themselves Patriots/Real Americans.  What these “Patriots” forget is that it also wanted to keep each state separated from a Federal Government. Which means, the the self proclaimed patriots/biggest federal government c*ck suckers in the US are actively supporting a government that tried to destroy the foundations of America.  Even without bringing up slavery you can slam dunk the traitors with EASE by pointing out the fact their own team is against them.
The Southern States were just itching for a reason to secede from the Union. Prior to the Civil War, they fought over tariffs, infrastructure, economic expansion policies, all sorts of political bullshit. It was a long time coming, and there were a lot of moving parts, but more than any other reason, it was about the abolition of Slavery. In fact, the issue of Slavery was deeply baked into the economic reasons, as the Southern states made most of their profit from it. Isn't history fascinating? I wish we could talk about it more w/o attracting crazy people.
I can't believe you can say "the confederacy was bad because its main goal was to enforce slavery and racial inequality" and people will come crawling out of the woodworks to say "NUH UH"
I AM JOHN BROWN’S STRONGEST BELIEVER  IF SHERMAN ROSE FROM THE GRAVE WE SHOULD HAND HIM EVERY CAPABLE HAND
Abraham Lincoln didn’t free a single slave under his governance with the emancipation proclamation….. and didn’t free any northern slaves after issuing the emancipation, to the point 200 people were killed protesting the fact he didn’t…. Edit: 200+ people were killed protesting and rioting against the draft, and the fact he freed any slaves at all, and this was in NEWYORK CITY
"I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar"
Jinbei joining the straw hats took longer than the confederacy. He was asked to join in 2011 and accepted in 2020.
The Civil War wasnt about race and Lincoln himself said that if he could keep the Union together without aboloshing slavery he would.   The Civil War was primarily instigated by a technologically inferior South having a good portion of their man-power (Slaves), be stripped away by a technologically superior, industrialized North, without any sort of contigency or safety net in place for the hundreds of thousands of farms that would suddenly be without manpower to function properly.  For its era, it can be seen as understandable and outrageous being a southern farmer and suddenly being told to pretty much "go screw yourself have fun feeding your family", hence why so many took up arms.   This also isnt touching on the fact that the North wasnt this paragon of hope like modern Twitter uses like to think. It was still pretty much just as bad in terms of racial segregation and abuse, and to be truly free you had to pretty much leave the country. You also had the whole deal of segregated Union battalions basically being nothing but canon fodder and not properly trained.   You cannot, in good faith, with a baseline understanding of US History, say that the Civil War was only about a State's right to continue practicing slavery, and continue to idolize the Union at the same time.   Also, the Dixie Flag was barely used and is a legitimate symbol of Southern American culture, whether you like it or not.
Someone who's half black and a southerner. Oh my god. This is like being at a family reunion and it's amazing
You should make another one like this for "Remember the Alamo!".
Slavery bad? What a hot take.
Like with any moment from history, boiling it's cause down to one simple word or action is both difficult and tends to be reductionist and exclude important contributing factors.  Now in no one am I saying that the succession of the south wasn't over tension caused by pro-slavery and abolitionist movements and ideals of the time.  What I'm saying is any historical monuments rare are something caused by a single definable moment, event, or phrase. And to attempting to do so is often harmful to the true deep rich meaning and context of that historical event.
The Annoying Orange lasted longer than Confederacy🍊🍊🍊
yeah cant believe democrats want there slaves back. Republican Abe Lincoln fought against the Democratic South.
Every ounce of criticism I have with the U.S leaves my body the second the Confederacy is brought up.
the confederacy was so short lived, it didnt even outlast a single presidential term lmao. by their logic thats like the edgy kid in middle school growing up and being like "hell yeah I was so edgy in middle school! I did so many cringy things and am so proud of it Im going to make everything I own black to celebrate it!"
Imagine having Annoying Orange to outlive you, that’s genuinely insane. An Annoying Orange flag holds more weight than any confederate flag. That’s literally the funniest thing Annoying Orange has ever done.
To be fair, Lincoln only abolished slavery cause he needed more troops in the civil war, and there were a ton of people who were willing to die to escape the tyranny of slavery. The confederacy certainly had concerns that Lincoln would end slavery before that point, since a lot of the northern states seemed to be against the idea, but the REAL reason they wanted to separate from the rest of the country was because for the first time their side lost the election, and they were furious about not being in charge. So they effectively split off to keep their people in charge of their interests, and then tried to take control of the country by force.  I won't even go into details about how Lincoln was our first _____ president, and how the confederacy is today's ______ party. I'll let you all do your research on that. All that aside, super funny vid.
i love the fact that people are going to get offended by this video
My favorite part of the entire Twitter debacle preceeding this was that someone said that the part of the cornerstone speech that was shown here (0:35) was "taken out of context." That was the most galaxy brained thing I'd seen in that thread because in WHAT CONTEXT is that still not horrifically racist!? Second place goes to the "historian" account that was like "Taking bets on if Goobus has family that was in America before the civil war." as if that had any bearing on thinking keeping people enslaved is bad.
"The Annoying Orange has existed longer than the confederacy" is far and away the best bit of trivia i have ever learned
If it’s the South’s heritage to fly the Confederate flag, then it’s my Northern heritage to burn that flag down.
I was born and raised in Texas, Texan through-and-through. I lived near a town that had a statue celebrating confederacy right in the middle. Even so, I was still taught that the Civil War was one of the few times in history where there was a definite, explicit bad guy.  What the hell are slavery supporters on?
Now let the death threats roll in
My favorite was when during Covid lockdowns people were flying the confederate flag in front of governor’s mansions demanding Trump/the federal government override states’ choices to have mandates. So much for states’ rights?
Reminder: Lincoln has no plan to abolish slavery. Hell, he probably wouldn't have been able to if the U.S. hadn't split.
I actually really appreciate you linking some primary sources in your channel description supporting your argument. If you want even MORE proof that the Confederacy was made to defend slavery, check out the Letters of Secession (also known as the Ordinance of Succession), which constituted not only a declaration of their departure from the union and nullification of the Federal Constitution, but also lists out their reasoning for doing so. You will not go more than 2 paragraphs on any of these ordinances without seeing some mention of slavery or slaveholding states.  These ordinances were public, official laws passed to justify to the world why they are separating from the union. A more authoritative source for the Southern perspective on why the Confederacy was made and why the Civil War happened you simply cannot find (indeed, many of the ordinances had direct references to the upcoming Civil War). The folks in charge understood precisely what they were doing, why they were doing it, and where their actions would lead.  In short, "State's Rights to do what?" indeed.
The 'federacy had exactly one thing over the Union and that was the syllable count.
As much as this perpetual point is. There's still slavery in other parts of the globe but no ones stopping that fast enought.
Some notes: Lincoln knew he could not abolish slavery through political means, and explicitly stated in his inauguration speech that he did not intend to abolish slavery in the South as at the start of the civil war the slavery was nowhere near being abolished and was seen as a powerful and well established institution. The main reason behind the secession was the controversy over the expansion of slavery into the newly organized territories, where southern states started to feel hostility towards the DC as the resolution ended in a status quo that favoured free states. Mind you, the United States of then was nothing like the US of today, people were far more loyal to their own states rather than the Federation itself, and in the eyes of the commoners of the southern states, they were getting screwed over by their northern counterparts and wanted to turn the south into another Haiti (where white population was massacred in 1804 after the slaves freed themselves following a revolution which fueled pro-slavery sentiment in the South till the end of Civil War).
What was that catchy song man?
How was the Union bad if their enemies wanted to keep slavery going?! Huh?! I'm genuinely confused. (Also Canadian, lol, so they don't teach me nothing about American History)
I don’t much care about the thoughts on patriotism of people who idolize traitors.
This is so hysterical I can't stand it the voice acting, the animation, it's all instantly iconic
Cue the lost cause myth talking points in the comments. “TARIFFS”, “independence” “would’ve been phased out anyway” “tyranny”! Yada yada
Clone high reference
I love this video great work
Wow Goobus, is this a new Checkmate, Lincolnites episode?
Been saying this shit for years. The #1, expressed goal of the South was to continue to keep people that look like me as subhuman property. Also, the vast majority of those Confederate general statues that some people cry about getting taken down were made during the Civil Rights Movement not during the few years after the war. Now why do you think that is?
I waiting for someone to add fine booms to this for no reason
Ngl, if you dislike this video (and this comment) You are DEFINITELY Racist.  Now anyways, States right to do what?
Even as someone who was born, raised, and lives in the South, it boils my blood when someone says that the Civil War was fought for "sTaTeS rIgHtS"
So, how's its working out for you now?
most unsuccessful marriages have lasted longer than the Confederacy
States right not to have the federal government tell them what to do. Also, that argument was ironically won anyways, even at the cost of hundreds of thousands of lives. The war was never fought for slavery, if they taught you that in school, you were lied to, and your education was a cruel experiment that has failed us all. Lincoln was our first dictator. He was not a good man, and it was a global effort to seize the wealth in the southern states. With the same note, the southern states acted almost equally foolish in some sense. Two things of great importance remain true.  1. When Europe "ended slavery", they replaced it with child slavery. Same with northern factories in America. For about 40-50 years. 2. The war was not started over slavery. The war was started because the southern states succeeded, and it was done arbitrarily by an entirely union government. They then lied to their people, and told them "40 acres and a mule", but only brought them segregation and generational problems after those individuals helped them win. The same party who did this, changed coat twice, and is doing it again today.   You've been warned. May god have mercy on us all.  Q: "What were they preventing you from doing?" A: "1. The federal government was preventing landowners from buying more land or building government buildings such as schools and hospitals." "2. The federal government was preventing those born in southern states to attend northern universities. We had to build our own, except, they wouldn't recognize those universities we built." "3. The federal government taxed plantation owners at a higher rate than others simply for owning slaves, however, slavery was still legal at the time federally, and in the north there were factories were slaves worked. Because they did not work in the fields though, they were not subjected to the same tax. Instead it was mis-rumored that the south must keep it's slaves in worse conditions because of how they work them, and the retarded stuff you see today was perpetuated." ~1840-1860  All of this because we made a very nice proffit selling to the rest of the world. Everyone talks about "winning the civil war" Congrats, you won 20 years of famine.  "The guy who made the confederacy" "kInD OF" Not even slightly...kid.... many in the cabinet couldn't stand this guy.  Some thought he was a plant.  If you want to site the articles of the confederacy, know that they were never ratified or supported. They were drafted by a loon named John Dickinson, and he modeled them after Benjamin Franklins ideology.  The south is going to rise again Doofus, hope you won't be too confused still when it does.  Also.... get a better education... jesus.
Remember the allamo
I still love the video of that guy defending that flag saying he’s family was poor and couldn’t afford a slave
Oh no, he's getting political
I wish this wasn't the case but I'm pretty sure that Doobus is going to lose some subscribers over this. To all those "affected", don't let the door hit you where the good lord split you, cos apparently that's where you store your heads.
Lincoln stated that if he could prevent the secession without freeing a single *redacted*, he would.
The South has a proud history of being offensive and persecuting others then when they are told to stop they throw a tantrum. Jan 6 is a perfect personification of it
0:48 *you're
Not gonna defend slavery, but I’ll ask this, what law was broken in order to be considered traitors?
People like this and holocaust deniers are... something man, they are a different breed. Remember kids, pay attention in school and don't join random communities just coz they seemed nice at first.
Fredrick Douglas is my new favorite Doobus Goobus character
doobus forgot to explain why slavery is bad
As a history major, many things are indeed more gray than they first appear.        Slavery tho? Slavery is evil.
Changes are happening where military bases and parks and statues named of confederate traitors are being taken down. Soon they will be lost to time. Good Riddance.
I am in the south and I don't agree with the confederacy. All I have to say about it in a good way is...they had a good general...one...like one good general.
“Slavery is gay because it involves owning another man.” -Abraham Lincoln.
idiotic twitter
we may have lost the war but at least its not freezing cold and dark for half the year. Keep this attitude in january when the sun goes down at 3 pm. take solace in that world famous yankee cuisine like a slice of american cheese on a poptart
Anybidy saying this video is using a strawman don't knkw what a strawman is.  This is just facts
The fact that videos like this have to be made shows how pathetic people are nowadays. This video made me finally go all notifications, you are very based indeed.
They wanted to do the slavery I want to stop spending money and blood on stupid foreign wars
Not to mention… the flag Confed simps use wasn’t the national flag of the Confederacy!? Like bffr
Don't argue with conservatives. I'm still trying to figure out how the hell they came to the conclusion that Dems are racist and Reps aren't when they (the Reps) are literally endorsed by Nazis. These fuckers don't believe in logic, and they disavow reason. And remember kids: The Only Good Slaver is a Dead Slaver.
God bless the union 🎉🙏
bet you would thank the black man that your girlfriend would cheat on you with.
That feeling when the Brony Community has lasted longer than the Confederacy......though I'm not sure which is worse.....
The only confederacy soldier  I like is jonah hex
The Confederacy was bad! And You know what else? Water is Wet!
Im 100% on board goobus turning in to a history channel
Unexpectedly based take, but a welcome one right on the heels of the 160th anniversary of both the battle of Gettysburg and the fall of Vicksburg.
Teen Titians Go outlived the Confederate States of America. The "Booty Scooty Song" is a more recognized anthem than whatever those banjo plucking, no rhythm having, traitors even had.
Also small critique (I don’t want ta sound rude but this always gets me) the Rebel flag you show as the confederate flag is not the confederate flag. The actual on is called the Stars and Bars. Again don’t take this as me being rude it’s just the biggest misconception that always gets me.
Yes there are gray areas in history, but sometimes things are indeed "black and white." For example: The Confederacy wanted to protect their rights to slaves. They are obviously evil. Nazis wanted to make a "Pure Aryan Race," by killing off millions of people who weren't German Nationalists including: Jewish people, Soviets (both local and POWs), Polish people, Serbian people, the mentally ill and disabled, Romani People, Jehovah's Witnesses, repeat criminal offenders and so called "asocials," political opponents and activists against the Nazi party and LGBTQ+ people. Undeniably evil. Sometimes things are simple, sometimes they aren't always keep a vigilant eye and make sure you know who you're dealing with in a conversation online or otherwise.
It’s always a good feeling when somebody you like on YouTube passes a bar.. the bar may be low. But your be surprised how many people love to limbo.
As someone who had ancestors fight on both sides, I agree with this! From what I read, the Confederacy was not going operate as a confederal republic, as the name would imply, but more like an autocratic dictatorship! Even if they ended slavery under pressure from the world community, they still would've implemented Jim Crow laws that may have lasted longer then they actually did, and could still be in effect today! God bless America, and long live the Union!
They'll always try to dance around it but at least its funny to watch them dance
Lol not fully correct but still funny. Good job dood.
As an informed individual your wrong. 5% of southerns were actually slave owners. The rest of them didn't want to fight but were dragged into it.   Are your mentally ill?
The Annoying Orange was General Sherman’s plan B if Atlanta didn’t fall
some people took the trend of diving deep into why things happened in the Civil war as some sortof justification for the actions of the Confederacy and... no, not at all. bad people can have reasons for doing things, cus humans are (shockingly) rational people but that doesn't make them any less bad because all they did was rationalize reasons to do bad things  even if you wanted to ride the horse of "the union had bad reasons for being on the good side of history" that just goes into a Mister beast type situation where even if the guy is exploiting people he's doing it by doing something that is OBJECTIVELY good like a super villain curing cancer or solving world hunger to co-opt 90% of the world's currency
Lyndon Johnson, "I'll have them n* voting Democrat for 200 years." The same people the Republican party was formed to fight against.
A black man has been president for twice as long as the Confederacy.
gray guy acts like my fucking supervisor
I’m pointing out the fact that Doobus Goobus himself is gonna last longer than the confederacy
I wish I could dance like your ending animation in real life.
As a history buff he should've corrected the use of the Virginia battle flag
Not to defend slavery; however, Goobus's strawman was correct: the Confederacy succession was not black and white. The North wanted to control the South and essentially tried to nickle and dime them out of existence either in the hope that they will return or die off. Furthermore, the North never actually cared about freeing slaves, they wanted their cash cow back. What is interesting about the South is that while yes slaves did exist in the South, it was only about 13% of border states actually own slave but the number does grow to 47% as you travel into the deep South which while is a lot, is still less then half. Mind you, unlike the modern take on the South which is "Slavery was used because white people hate black people" it was not that. While I am sure some of the Southern slave owners might have thought that, it was mostly and economic issue as slaves helped fund the South and kept it working. Even more interesting is that Abraham Lincoln at first had no interest in freeing the slaves nor in recombining the North and the South. It was only until he saw the worst aspects of it that he decided to do something about it which led to the Civil War. While I am leaving out several other things that contributed to the lead up to the Civil War and subsequent freeing of the slaves, which led to roughly 1/4 of them dying off to diseases and starvation alone, you must remember that history is often written and *erased* by the victors. The North was just as shitty toward slaves and the South amd Lincoln, while he did good things, was no saint
I'm a southerner, born and raised. I love the South, her culture, her people, her subtle beauty. Hell, I even had ancestors who fought for the Confederacy, as most southerners do.   But I am also self aware enough to know the Confederacy is a blight on our history, a time where a bunch of rich assholes formed a barely functioning conglomerate just so they could continue using slave labor to enrich themselves. It is nothing to be proud of and the more we as a people can distance ourselves from that time period the better.
I was half expecting him to answer that question with property
Way down south in the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators
Doobus Goobased
The civil war honestly shouldn’t have happened. The South never stood a chance. Less than a snowball’s chance in hell. Even people like Sam Houston said as much. And so... they seceded.
Fun fact: one of the first black senators was blanche bruce. Which state was he a senator for, you may ask? Mississipi. A black guy became a senator from mississipi. In the 1870s. What a legend.
Clone High Abe.
God bless America and all those brave souls who fought and died for the ideals of the republic. Down with the Traitors up with the stars !
Condemning Confederate slavery is just common sense.  But in the same breath there's the one-sided bare-context claim that " *any and all* presidents who owned slaves are Very Bad Persons and that big sin defines them and negates the good the presidents did serving the nation. "
Lol ya'll still believe in  the civil war hoax. Just a banker land grab.
Best hillarious way to say why the confederacy sucked
This is one of the best Fourth of July specials ever
Two things you should know:  The abolitionist movement during the civil war was half as popular as the Libertarian party is today.  Lincoln was fine with ending the war if it preserved the union, regardless of whether the slaves were fully freed, partially freed or not freed.  Slavery was one of the issues of the war, but it wasn't dominant or partisan.
Property ownership of farming equipment
Had to work with a guy for like 5 years who honestly believed it was all about taxes and that Lincoln was the actual racist one, told it to every black guy he met.  I hated working there.
Based Goobus
I just like the flag
_"The annoying orange has existed longer than the confederacy did."_  HOLY FUCK DOOBUS, YOU JUST ENDED RIGHTWING POLITICS IN AMERICA
"Anyway, answer my question you fucking traitor - *State's Rights to do what?"*  Best part of the video alongside the rest.
But Dixie Land is better than Union Dixie.
I'm not American but as a man of culture I still find this hilarious. You're doing gods work my son. Keep it up!
My favorite flag is the Confederate flag!  Here it is 🏳️!
eh
The south:
...What _were_ those state rights being used for? Slavery aside?
You missed the 4th of July sadly
Careful doobus. Your based is showing.
I am from the South. I have Southern Pride. But more importantly I’m a historian who’s knows that the war was about slavery. People who claim it was for states rights are just dead wrong lol.
MA' RIGHTS
Another fun fact, the fuckin miiverse; baby gamers first social media platform filled with children and trolls was released in 2012-early 2013 and was discontinued in 2017 thats 5-6 years the only thing comparable to the confederates would be the nazis & those people at least managed 6 years but in the grand scheme failed both in general and by its own metric. Pokemon go released in 2016 & is still fuckin going. I'm pretty sure the cannabis party of Canada had one goal; to make weed legal in Canada all across Canada and it was founded in 2000, weeds been legal for a long time but they are still going.
Apu : Actually, there were numerous causes. Aside from the obvious schism between the abolitionists and the anti-abolitionists, there were economic factors, both domestic and inter...   Examiner : Wait, wait... just say slavery.   Apu : Slavery it is, sir.
I can totally relate to this.  I went to school in Texas, and the grey man's nonsense was part of the actual educational curriculum,
I just wanna say this to someone flying the confederacy battle flag
Imagine fighting this war, winning only to still see confederate flags being flown next to american flags. Traitors be Traitoring.
RAHHHH 🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅🦅🇺🇸🦅🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅
"But it's southern heritage!"   There's plenty of better examples of Southern heritage then the confederate states.   German people today can still be proud of being German and know the Nazis were wrong.
racists gonna be crying this is unamerican and woke when its the most american video ive seen yet lol
🎵Away, Away, We'll all go down to Dixie🎵🔥🔥🔥
Brilliant, thank you for making this
No matter what you do, you will always spread controversy.   Keep it up!
Away, away
We're doing this again huh? If there's one constant in life it's the creation of straw men for the sake of feeling morally superior. God only help us if anyone bothered to listen to the ACTUALL argument from the other side. But no, just compare things to the annoying orange.
Yeah but money
Doobus remains an absolute champ.
It was more than slavery but it was like 75% slaves. And 25% taxes. Not that that makes it any better
States rights to self govern. States Should, for the most part, have the right to govern themselves how they see fit, without the Federal government having express and exclusive ability to control what can or can't be done on all facets.  Last I checked America was supposed to OPPOSE oppressive regimes, and, last I checked, pooling incontrovertible power of an entire nation into the hands of only a few people is what LEADS TO OPPRESSIVE REGIMES.
Abraham Lincoln wasn't even going to abolish slavery. He was more just going to stop its spread. Abe was worried about those states succeeding if he took it further.  So ironically they ended slavery earlier, and Abe was happy to do it.  Also, the grey honestly is individual people. Many simply fought for their state.
"The Annoying Orange Outlived the Confederacy" LMAOOOOO
Fun Fact: Britain almost sided with the Confederacy until The Battle Of Gettysburg and Spain actually sent them aid right up until that point.   They may not have liked slavery, but boy did they want their cotton!
0:35 well that is a pretty terrible person isnt he?  freaken dems. Not much has changed just who they consider to be the lesser race.
wait why the fuck is it 2023 and we still need videos to explain this
It's pathetic that people will actually get upset by this.  The Confederate states lasted less than the term of a single U.S President. What fucking LEGACY are people on about? The legacy of being not only traitors, but also traitorous LOSERS.  You might as well say your personal hero is Benedict Arnold.
As someone who lives i texas, i can confirmed that the schools teied to pull the not about slavery crap all the time when it came to the civil war.
The Confederacy were being taxed more than any other states in the union, and they had little to no representation in the Senate or the House. So they wanted to succeed over paying high taxes. Hell Abe Lincoln didn't care about slaves if he wasn't shot he'd have sent them all back, in fact when the Emancipation Proclamation was signed it only allowed Slavery in the North, and banned it in the Confederacy. The whole reason the civil war was fought, slavery wouldn't even make the top fifty list. Abe Lincoln was a statist tyrant who murdered citizens on plantations, committed a genocide of southerners, and suspended hiatus corpus.
I'm going to use "Outlived by the Annoying Orange" as a daily insult now.
wherein doobus decides to be based
Can we at least give the flag of the confederate army a pass I like the look of that flag more then some countrys
The state's rights argument goes both ways it turns out. The northern states had laws against slavery that prevented southern slave owners from bringing their slaves up north. Once the infamous Dred Scott case went to the supreme court and prohibitions against slavery were struck down it was all downhill from there
Based
Don’t worry the guys that want you dead can’t do shit to you
This was such a pointless virtue signal.
If anything, the confederacy is completely unamerican . They basically wanted to be their own country and separate from the USA
I've had this argument too many times.  Tired of it. It just boils down to, "Damn, those traitors failed to keep slavery," and "Texas, you kept your slaves the longest, and had the military force them free from you."  not GREAT things
king
As a former junior high student  I hate the CSA
The 172 people that disliked this video are coping really hard right now.
Seems weird that the Corwin amendment was proposed in 1861 which would have made the institution of Slavery infallible and permanent in the union after several states were already in the process of seceding post the election in 1860.
Iw as gonna say this feels like a 4th upload, but i can see I'm not the only one who felt that.
I'm never going to forget the one guy who tried to defend the Confederate flag by going "We wanted to protect our farms" and then when someone pointed out "who worked on those farms" He managed to kinda save himself by saying "My Family worked on those farms" before he just said "Do you know how much a slave costs" and then immediately realized how much he fucked up... before the grand wizard looking ass over there started to sing the confederate theme song as the icing on top.
Damn imagine not out living the anoying orange
Two of the southern states were considered part of the union despite having slavery. Can't elaborate might get shot
This is pure ignorance
Scorn has been in development longer than the confederacy's existence.
Oh wow! I didn’t know politics could be funny!  Also 0:40 WAY WAY BACK IN THE 1980-
“Slavery is gay because it’s owning another man.” -Abraham Lincoln.
:D
Alternate title: Avergae confederate enjoyer vs BASED US History Chad
May Sherman smile upon you.
Great stuff!
Good ol' Abe was not gonna abolish slavery he said so many times. Abe didn't outlaw slavery till like the middle of the war in order to get more soldiers to fight because they were actually getting destroyed. While SOME of the soldiers in the south did it because they related more to their state than country, or because they didn't want anyone in Washington to tell them anything, the rich leaders of the confederacy were 100% doing it because they were afraid of Abe banning slavery no buts about it.
All of the articles of confederation from every state literally said it was about slavery and we have writings from every single leader in the Confederacy along with dozens and dozens of rank-and-file soldiers also saying it was about slavery.   But hey critical race theory am I right?
Damn, he let those racist, subhuman pieces of trash have it!
OH WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES, AND ALIGATORS!
The difference in tempo between each character is delightful!  "We was fighting for states rights .  "Righttodowhatexactly?"  Great work as always, your comedic timing somehow gets better each time!  Love to see more of these short lil toons!
Lincoln never wanted to free slaves.  He did want to send them back to Africa.
Down with the traitors, up with the stars!
The democrats where the slave owners and Abraham Lincoln was a republican
10/10 have watched again. Get Douglass'd.
The black magic worked!
Born n raised in Virginia. Capital of the confederacy and home to many of its most famous politicians and military leaders. I have done an ancestry test and I am directly related to a few of them. F*ck my "heritage". The crimes of my ancestors have never done me a moment of good in my life. They can all rot in hell for all I care.
Hoorah
I mean...yeah, that's about it. Most of the stuff that doesn't involve slavery was pretty much because they disliked Giga Chad Abe cause he called them mean poo poo heads.  I still have no idea why it's popular, like fucking hell have you ever heard of The Ligurian Republic? No? Well it lasted longer than the Confederacy but nobody talks about them, or about  First Hellenic Republic or [insert whatever short lived state you want here]
Based on primary source material from that era: The confederacy was built to prolong slavery. Even if the vast majority of people in the south were anti-slavery. Sounds like political corruption more than the silly notion that all southerners were slavers or wanted to keep people as if they were farm toos. That and General Lee was oddly anti slavery but was forced to fight his northern brothers because the polticians in the confederacy were calling the shots.
While the confederacy was bad if they won they most likely would’ve got rid of slavery anyway which is dumb but ok guess you had the same end result either way
I wonder how the Black Confederate supporters feel about it.  Look them up, they’re real.
Top tier content.
For those who don't know, the main reason for the Civil War was because the North wanted to remove slavery, but the south wanted to keep slaves
So you got death threats from people complaining about you saying that slavery was bad, so you made this video in response?    Respect, dude.
Peak doobus, nothing can top this video.
ps vita outlived the Confederacy
1:14
I freaking love the Union Dixie. Get wreaked we stole your song 😎 🇺🇸
I'm a Southerner and even I know that the Confederacy was Bad.
Rip comments section.
10 of 10 dude
“Get Douglass’d” 😂
Everyone living white person today has never owned slaves.  And every black person alive today has never been a slave in the united states. Just a bunch of WOKE bullshit And white apologist.  But, Hey, every black that is alive. Today wants free stuff from every white person. But are too lazy to work for it.
I wish I could own a slave
National flag of L takers
I was a political science undergrad and ive this EXACT INTERACTION with at least half a dozen people and they ALL have that same pattern of backpeddling and fake logic. The Lost Cause narrative is basically seen as history by some of these people and its depressing to see.
“States right to do what?”  literally the 5 words they seem to never listen too
I have no idea what brought a video like this on but I love it
Was this video in the work before or after the Twitter shitshow you got ?
The wait between Pikmin 3 and Pikmin 4 was more than twice as long as the Confederacy's lifespan.
The twitter saga for this video was very concerning, very glad we can stomp on racists
You know that shit is going down when Goobus gets political
The most based take
I was under the impression that the secession was for state's rights, though now that I do think about it, I haven't heard about any right other than the 'right' to have slaves. Idk, if someone can provide other things they were going to lose if they didn't secede, pls tell me.
0:09 I swear I heard the goku black theme intensifying
CHECKMATE DAVISITES
many slave owners acted in the fear that if the slaves were to be freed, a haiti style revolt would happen
Good thing I'm European and nothing like that didn't happen 😂😂😂😂
it's very important that we give these dweebs zero patience or slack when they try to "civilly" push their bs. same with Nazis.
God Speed, Doobus Goobus!
Hell yea my man, shit on em
Boy this comments are about to be wild
Lmao
confederacy did nothing wrong lmao
0:40 i love the fact you put clone high abe Lincoln
I'm still blown away you're getting shit for this on Twitter. Hilarious vid!
You know the confederacy had the Native American general named Uwatie
As a Texan I love this
As a former Marxist and current centrist I’ve had to consider the material incentives behind the south’s bid to keep slavery going. The southern economy was so reliant on slavery that to suddenly abolish it would likely have catastrophic consequences in an era when a bad economy meant literal starvation. In the modern era it would be like suddenly drastically increasing the prices of all goods manufactured in countries with lower working standards: it might help other countries but it would definitely hurt us. How angry can you really be at someone for doing the wrong thing when doing the right thing would be so painful and risky? Had the north and south made a compromise to gradually grant more rights to slaves then the civil war might have never happened. Yes it feels gross to make such compromises but lasting progress requires time and patience. Instant emancipation was never a realistic outcome and it didn’t really improve the lives of former slaves for a long time.  Of COURSE slavery and racism are wrong and bad and are unacceptable in today’s culture because of how long it’s been since our nation had a turning point on those issues, but if you ask me it would have been better for the turning point to have been more peaceful
In other news the sky is blue
Based and freedom pilled!
Dude, I’m from the South and this is exactly the kind of shit I’ve had conversations w mfs in this exact same way. Can we celebrate Dolly Parton or something like that instead
Rattlesnakes and alligators, indeed.
I wish it was three million, instead of what we got. 🎵🎶  Always room to revisit. Look forward to the years to come.
Unsubbed
Fun fact: Crazy Frog outlived the confederacy and that's not even including the fact that he came back in 2020, the literal original run from February 2005 to August 2009 was longer than the confederacy
Based and Fredrick Douglass pilled
Technically they were fighting for their states rights to suceed  Only they wanted to suceeded because they were afraid the new president would steal their slaves
Based Union Dixie
i nearly choked on a sandwich i was eating when i heard that the annoying orange outlived the confederacy
For those who need to hear it: Agreeing that the Confederacy was bad does not lend credence to your other unhinged opinions.
Here before 30 minutes tickets, anyone?
I live in Sweden and there's a very random apartment that has the Confederate flag not that far from me. Alwaya wondered why 🤔
we have our rights to be evil!! long live count dooku           oh.......... the other confederacy never mind
I love when doobly goobly looks directly into the camera
Are you telling me that racism is bad ?
"B-b-but muh state's rights!"
Am from Mississippi, Which is literally one of the only states(today) that would still join the confederacy. My family and My friends, all believe the Csa was fighting for “Southern Independence” and “State’s Rights” which they weren’t. It was about slavery. It’s kinda sad that most of the people I know believe the csa was fighting for States Rights.
Common Goobus W man, the fact these people still need this lesson is sad
Man can't hear the dixie word in the same away again. It means a lawless area where slavery is allowed. Wtf, Dolly Parton, Hazzard and The Chicks formerly known as the Dixie Chicks. What the hell.
Another goobus doobus W
The "fun" arguments are people calling themselves "patriots" literally worshipping a faction that tried to break the nation in half. Especially the ones in northern states.
My good sir, I would just like to say. Vermont was in independent nation for 14 years. Vermont has more experience as a nation, than the confederacy. All hail the nation of Ben & Jerry's. Up with hippes down with slavery!
The arkansas state flag is just the confederate flag but the X is a diamond lmao :)
No shit but, ok.
Great vid, but you're using the wrong flag here. The actual flag of the Confederacy is this great white rectangle you see.
Bruh, the Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy. The Wii U, a console infamous for its slightly-above-mediocre performance, weird-ass promo material, and a weak games library that included Sonic Boom of all f*cking things, lasted longer than the US Confederacy!
slavery is bad. This is a clear-cut issue. If you support it, you're bad. The end of you dont that doesn't make you good necessarily, but it's the bare minimum at least
Extremely hot take by goober here. Love to see "controversial opinions" on this site
Doobus please don't make "this opinion is dumb my opinion is smart" cartoons, it's inherently cringe regardless of what opinion you're defending. Douglass was based btw.
GOD BLESS AMERICA 🇺🇸 🦅
Conservatives are seething rn
I am from Ecuador even we know that the all reason was because the slave states wanted to keep their free labor. That generated other causes that in large detonated more reasons that causes the civil war.
Fucking awesome video.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaway down South in the land of traitors rattlesnakes and alligators  Right away! Come away!  Right away! Right away, come away!
oh boy, i cant wait to see what people write in the comments.         👁️👄👁️
States rights ro own ni-
When a YouTuber I watch starts getting political I just immediately unsub 👋
The Annoying Orange also outlived the "Thousand-Year Reich," lol.
Get Douglass’d 💀
Abraham Lincoln having his Clone High design is an underappreciated joke
States rights to *LOSE TO THE UNION*
Yk in an age where it’s kind of hard to feel patriotic, this video has gotta be one of the biggest things that made me proud to be an American in a while  Fuck them traitors, Union forever 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Apparently though, saying the transatlantic slave trade shouldn't have happened at all is also considered racist. So basically, do what you want, you're going to be called racist regardless.
As a non 'murican, I find this very informative. Thank you.
Confederacy: *lasts four years* The Buddhist Sangha: *persists after 2,500 years*  Me and the kinfolk are gonna sip some iced tea and read the suttas. Y'all wanna join in?
Don't forget the states right to pass arduous and almost unchecked right to impose slavery, runaway slave return,  and slave trafficking through states that had banned it.   You know the state right to pass laws against other states.
Yeah....I'm just gonna discreetly slide that Annoying Orange comparison into my back pocket now. Just in case.
0:27 So you agree. Slavery was one of reasons why you went to war.
Im sure there will be no far right nutjobs in this comments section
Fuck the confederacy. The United States beat that country into the ground. You're an american or you're a confederate. You don't get to be both.
it's really amusing how Americans seem to pretend they still live 150 years ago.
"You're going to celebrate a nation so weak that the Annoying Orange outlived it?"  Goddamn, the conversation should've just ended there.
What is that song at the end?
Gas video. Love your work Doobus.
The US Soldier’s Creed includes a line of “defending against enemies, whether foreign or DOMESTIC” and I’d consider the confederacy the latter.
I bet you can probably start painting Van Gogh's Starry Night with how much blue color filled up your dms
As a white Southern Florida resident I approve this message.  I think people who say these things don't really have a solid understanding of history. But I'm sure that's not the case for all of them.
I agree totally but why do we always seem to focus on the civil war.  Can't we be patriotic about other parts of American history too?
What a chad for using Union Dixie. I wasn’t expecting that
Lincoln was actually in support of the Corwin Amendment that would have protected the institution of slavery, and was on the verge of being solidified.
It really is not surprising that you got death threats on Twitter for this, considering all throughout US history White Supremacists have responded to refutations (or other conflicting information) to their rhetoric with death threats, violence and brutality. Even a cursory glance at African American history demonstrates that lmao, they never change.
I live in the honky tonky south where I have to deal with folks defending the confederacy and waving confederate flags outside their homes without a care in the world  Gonna remember this video and show it to anyone who tried to defend that shit stain of a decision
silly
Make sure nobody shows this to Razorfist and his cronies or he'll sperg out.
You have no idea how awful i had a time one vacation in the mountains. That flag was everywhere, being sold on everything. I just couldnt have a good time. The mountain cabin was nice tho
The confederacy was *just* as racist as the north. Lincoln *specifically* lamented the fact that the slaves were freed. Everything he did he did to keep the union together, freeing slaves was a side effect.
It lasted around as long as the Wii U
Dayum that's spicy
The Annoying Orange outlived it is the biggest insult/burn i have ever heard
People who support the Confederacy are traitors to America, and are all insults to life itself. 😎
Union boys poppin turncoats dropping. 🇺🇲😎
This is great
Aaaaaaaaaway down South! To the land of traitors!
Was so funny seeing people with anime pfps on twitter qrt this on complaining about it.
So are you going to do a funny cartoon oh how the north retained slaves as per the Emancipation Proclomation?
Fuck patriotism except when celebrating the defeat of the confederacy, I am the most nationalistic when it comes to rubbing white supremacists' faces in shit and belittling the dead traitors that were confederate, if you are alive today and are proud of your "heritage", so am I and I'll reenact that history with you, but with less mercy this time around!
I’m not saying you’re wrong Doobus, but please don’t become one of those lazy political channels.
They should call you General Sherman, cause you just fuckin roasted the shit of those Dixie boys
Glad to have you as an ally, green man.
States right to create a jewish british catholic homosexual paradise for the elites. Glad we dodged that bullet... wait...
Respect for still remembering the Annoying Orange
I have only two thoughts regarding the confederacy:  1.) Well, you know, we didn’t really need to commit all those war crimes as we were leaving the South, burning down most of their sh*t was really just excessive, I mean, they already surrendered, and most of the people that were harmed by the northern troops doing all of that, probably didn’t even join the war, let alone support it, and doing that probably only created the northern hatred that still exists today.  2.) Away down South in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Where cotton's king and men are chattels Union boys will win the battles Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie I wish I was in Baltimore I'd make secession traitors roar Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll put the traitors all to route I'll bet my boots we'll whip 'em out Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie! Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Oh, may our Stars and Stripes still wave Forever o'er the fee and brave Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Right away (right away) Come away (come away) And let our motto ever be Forever Union and for liberty Right away (right away) Come away (come away) Ride away (ride away) Come away (come away) We'll all go down to Dixie, away, away Each Dixie boy must understand that he must mind his Uncle Sam Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie Away (away) Away (away) We'll all go down to Dixie
Boy Howdy, it sure is like pulling teeth from rattlesnakes and alligators when ya have to ask 'em "State' s rights to do what?"
And just look at you now lol. Great job union boys.
1:18 That's not the CSA flag. That's the gadsby battle banner. You have three to choose from.
"StATe'S RigHts tO Do wHaT" - Moronic No-Nothings
Smdh Goob became politics :pensive_emoji:
To be fair as a southern the ehe states rights thing is just propaganda and means nothing really. But we got to admit the confederate flag looks cool
X Ruins Everything
And here’s hoping Doobus Goobus will also last longer than the Confederacy!
Goob enjoyer of Checkmate Lincolnites based
Can’t wait to see all the confederate defenders get pissy at this one 😂
Lol for some reason when I was driving through northern Pennsylvania, they had a confederate flag.  There definitely seems to be more meanings to the confederate battle flag than simply slavery or southern culture.
0:34 oh, the democratic party representative for Georgia? 🤔
"it was about state's rights!" States right to what? "To secede from the union!" Why'd they secede from the union?  Like cmon man, even lincon didn't want to immediately get rid of slavery because he didn't want to wage a war with half of the country, it was the confederacy that got paranoid and attacked a union base, starting the entire war WHICH THEY LOST. HELL, THE ENTIRE LOST CAUSE MOVMENT WAS MADE BY THE FUCKING KKK DECADES AFTER THE WAR BECAUSE THEY WERE UPSET THEY COULDN'T OWN SLAVES ANYMORE, AND THE VAST MAJORITY OF STATUES HONORING CONFEDERATE GENERALS WERE MADE IN THE 20TH CENTURY TO INTIMIDATE BLACK AMERICANS.  WHAT FUCKING HERITAGE IS PANICKING AND STARTING A WAR TO OWN PEOPLE, LOSING THE WAR YOU STARTED BECAUSE EUROPE STOPPED DEALING WITH YOU AFTER THEY FOUND OUT HOW RACIST YOU WERE, AND HAVING THE KLU KLUX KLAN WRITE ESSAYS ABOUT HOW YOU SHOULD HAVE WON
The states' rights are the rights to open a femboy hooters. 😘
C.S.A. Cotton Slaves and Arrogance
I worked in a southern history museum in college and I got in so much trouble for not saying state's rights.
I am British and this is the easiest take on American history
My great great grandparents were one of few slave owners that was black.
Union Forever
Who is that black man in the end
Holy shit, based Goobus!  Also, for those who don't know, Lincoln is an abolitionist, but he was pretty moderate in his approach. He didn't want to outlaw it entirely, but to simply prevent its expansion so it would naturally die out.  As we all know...that didn't work out, so Lincoln, thankfully, took the more radical approach!
I mean the flag is cool. And not everyone who flies it is a bad person.  But yeah I agree, it was totally about slavery.
GET DOUGLASS'D
The fact that this still needs to be said is so sad and worrying
Really based and cathartic to see creators like you taking a jab at the Confederacy and other weirdos or racists who glorify it. ESPECIALLY those here on YouTube.
Ah yes, the same Union that gen0cided the Native Americans and would soon later colonize the Philippines. The founding fathers were traitors. Slavery was a right that many people based their livelihoods on. Abraham Lincoln wasn’t going to revoke slavery until after the war had started. The North forced immigrants to fight and die for them at gun point. Congrats, the Union is now a cabal of ped0phile elites that are pushing the world to the brink of nuclear Armageddon to remain in power and you are a shill for free.
Atun-Shei Films does some excellent videos on debunking the Lost Cause myth.
As a history fanatic, I loved this
Hell yeah! Confederate heritage < the annoying Orange!
Get Douglass'd.
Even the Confederates weren't grey. Lol. The Confederacy didn't have the resources to keep the soldiers in grey dyed uniforms. Lol. That's why when you see war movies, you often see them in butternut. Anyway, this is right up my alley: Civil War history dude lol.
Yeah I never really got that whole 'my heritage' crap. Like dude, you still have your heritage. You have your food and cooking tradtions, your slang, your faith and beliefs, and even your history. the only thing that's been taken by the civil war was the right to own another person based on the amount of melanin in their skin, get the fuck over it and keep eating your gross-ass boiled peanuts.
Annoying orange actually died in 2016
I was real sad when I voted to make slaves free and they started letting them go 😔
Well, that explains the one time I wore a confederate mask why I got some shitty looks and one lady said she liked it. Ill be honest with you... my caveman ass didnt know what the confederacy was, I picked it out because I liked the colors and patterns! (Edit) at the time I assumed it was something British! Hahahahaha!!
*_get douglased_*
"Get Douglass'd" I love it.
Shermanpilled as hell
This reminds of some guy who said the North owned more Slaves to run their factories. As a Texan I am proud to be in the Union.           Also even some German Government in the 1940s lasted longer than the Confederacy.
JOHN BROWN'S BODY LIES A MOLDERING IN THE GRAVE JOHN BROWN'S BODY LIES A MOLDERING IN THE GRAVE JOHN BROWN'S BODY LIES A MOLDERING IN THE GRAVE  BUT HIS SOUL GOES MARCHING ON
Fun fact! If you say "heritage not hate" in front of a mirror three times at midnight, General Sherman will appear and burn your fucking house down.
Twitter: "Comedy is now legal. Finally a place that respect Freespe-!" DoobusGoobus: "Slavery is bad" Twitter: "HOW DARE YOU!!!"
It has always made me kind of uncomfortable watching streamers on the internet who have the confederacy flag on their wall but thanks to this video, now I seem them as a pathetic, miniscule and sobbing southerners of the USA, thank you Doobus Goobus.
yes thanks Republicans to end slaverys, Dems bad!
The fact that people on Twitter are getting mad at you for this is wild.
You tell'em, Goobus! :D
Yup, the leaders and backers of the confederacy were in it mainly for slavery as it was how they made there money. However the soldiers mostly didn’t care about slavery as it actually economically hurt them. They fought mainly because they were forced to by the confederacy/circumstance or there fear of a dictating government. Many also joined later on as the North used scorched Earth warfare destroying everything as well as the union soldiers murdering, stealing, and other despicable things to southern civilians. So just like almost everyone that starts a war those at the top are scum that lead to good men on both sides being killed.
States rights to own slaves yes that was one of them I’ll admit it but most southerners didn’t own slaves either They fought against the union specifically against the federal government that was overreaching its power into states matters which the south viewed as the federal government infringing on the rights of the citizens of the union  Though it wasn’t illegal to own slaves in the north either you just couldn’t buy or sell them Hell Ulysses s grants wife owned a slave to the very end  Also look up slave factories in the north some horrendous shit hell slave factories technically existed well past ww2 where factories working with dangerous materials such as fluoride would employ only black workers incase there were accidents so no one would care if they died  I support my ancestors and I support the confedravy but I don’t support slavery it would’ve been phased out anyone due to the growing industry around the world   Still love your content though dude God bless the south and god bless the confederacy
Yes. Just yes.
Pin me.
My CAT has outlived the confederacy lol
Hot take: Look up which ethnic group was predominant in the slave trade and held the most slaves during the Confederacy.
I went to hight school with a redneck that wore a 5 in  confederat belt buckle and when I asked them why he supports slavery and he said the same shit😂
Absolutely based video. I lost it at “get douglased”
America 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
There is no controversial take here. Fuck the Confederacy. That is all.
There is a very good phrase that I have heard when it comes to dealing with the kind of person who despite it all would defend and support the confederacy, even into the modern day. "Do not argue with the kind of people John brown would have shot." Make of that what you will.
Everyone’s talking about something going on on Twitter and I’m so confused, but yeah I agree with the overall sentiment of this video lol
You failed to mention china's obsession with enslaving their own people and uyghur camps
this is a good video illustrating some really poor arguments, but the civil war was actually just a little gray. slavery, for as easy and rightful as it is to condemn from afar, was responsible for the south's economic stability and growth. there was a legitimate fear that the removal of slaves in one fell swoop could cause entire states to economically collapse, leading to worse living conditions for everyone involved.  there's also the fact that abraham lincoln wasn't the equality loving sweetheart he was made out to be. after freeing the slaves, no further efforts to protect or help the displaced slaves was proposed by him, and many were simply left for dead, now without masters, but also without a roof over their head, or food to eat. many slaves simply were not adjusted for life outside slavery, and either perished, or ended up exploited in much the same way, just for pennies instead of nothing.  fucked up as it is, the civil war, despite its central issue being slavery, was almost entirely an enconomic one.
................... siiiiiiiiiigh ... another zoomer moment.
"can you answer my question, you fucking traitor?" thank you! 😂
Man, remember when it was universally accepted that Nazi's and the Confederacy were bad?
Goobus do research before you talk about shit you know nothing about.
As a southerner thank you so much for saying this. Im a white southerner and live in an extremely predominantly white area and i see Confederate flags EVERYWHERE. I will be in my high school student parking lot, and about half the cars have Confederate flags on them. It makes me so mad. Everyone at school thinks its their heritage and dresses up with the cowboy boots (which is western not even southern but whatever) and says the Confederate flag is their heritage. In school we're taught that the Confederacy WASNT THAT BAD FOR SLAVES and they couldve had it a lot worse. No one ever touches on the slavery part and just insists that that was not even a big deal in the civil war and the south cared more about other things. Its NOT your heritage, its a hateful flag that makes what few black students we have at our school feel unwelcome and scared. And they SHOULD be. Its terrifying. Southern heritage has NOTHING to do with the Confederacy. Its not something to be proud of, its a dark period in the regions history.
I LOVE HOW DOOBUS LOOKS ON THE SUBTITLES
Btw that confederate cross was never a flag of it... THEY HAD 6 FLAGS, AND CONFEDERATE CROSS WAS IN A CORNER OF THE WORST TWO!!!
I live in Canada and I know a guy who said the civil war had nothing to do with slavery….
statesrightstodowhat???
Slight correction: Abraham Lincoln wasn't and didn't want to abolish slavery and famously said it himself that if he could protect the union  without needing to abolish slavery, then he wouldn't abolish slavery. Aside from that, very good video👍🏿
Thank you, Mr. Goobus.🤘
The annoying orange is the true evil pulling the strings of every evil group in america.
The Civil war: The only time history was written by the losers
I encourage everyone to actually read the text of the emancipation proclamation, you'll find soem interesting things there
Those dang dixieland democrats
Remember kids if a strange man offers you candy there’s probably more in his car
The confederacy is ontologically evil and the fact we let people fly its flags in the modern day is tragic.
The same logic applies to the Yugoslav civil war, if the other countries had just accepted the fact that they sucked and put Albania under full power, the Balkans would have been much nicer.
I still find it funny that even after having Trump in office and Roe v Wade being repealled people think that states rights could be a bad thing. I thought the whole point of america was to get away from a small group of people holding all the power.  The civil war was waaaay more grey then just this childish notion that it was black and white. If it was then why do we still have the democrat party? the slave owning south was all Democrats, so why are they still around while the confederacy isn't?
Sorry but what caused this?
I think it's funny supporters ignore the fact that they're textbook trators. Like the fact that there were government buildings waving both the American flag and the flag of the people who seceded and declared war on us is mindblowing to me.
States rights to take a massive fucking L!
Bu-but... It's their heritage!
I love that auto play immediately recommended I watch Checkmate Lincolnites next
WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS
Barbary pirates, native americans, confederates, the US has put down slavers since 1801.
Imagine getting outlived by an ORANGE.
I love that you call them traitor and point out they lost.for whatever reason no one points those FACTS out enough
One time, I took a political spectrum test for fun despite not involving myself in politics whatsoever most of the time. Some of the questions were along the lines of 'do you consider certain races superior or more deserving than others' and I was befuddled because those questions are essentially just 'are you evil?'  Like, why would you pick that?
This is awesome.
Doobus clowned on that confed harder than Meade did at Gettysburg. So Doobus for president, he got the patriotic shanty and everything!
Me normally: The United States is corrupt and hardly democratic, a capitalist hellscape that has no right to tell other countries what to do Me when Confederate losers speak up: AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS; RIGHT AWAY! RIGHT AWAY! COME AWAY! COME AWAY!
Another Millennial Flash animator reveals himself to be a fat-lipped moron that is proud of being hate-filled and historically illiterate in the name of pretending to be on any moral high ground. Can't say I'm surprised since that's hardly the the worst of what's saturating the modern Animation Communication. Still feels good to Unsubscribe though. I'm sure you'll _totally_ be spared during the inevitable riots next Election with all the Good Boy Points you earned with this.
saying the civil war was about state's rights is like saying that ww2 was about Germany wanting to expand their borders.
There's something I heard a while back, forget where I got it, that seems applicable here. "Nothing undermines an argument more easily than a follow-up question" 🤔
I’m from the south and sadly I can confirm this, but you know those who don’t learn from history are doomed to repeat it so saying it didn’t happen is worse than saying it did…
Good ol' Tennessee Ernie Ford.
Lost Causers in 3… 2… 1…
In all honesty even former black slaves owned slaves
interesting parallels could be drawn between the line of questioning "states' rights to what?" and a more modern issue of personal rights that we are not allowed to questions...
Goobus thank you
silly Doobus not knowing about history they needed slaves because the south wasnt mordenized and most of the south was mostly farms so thats why they needed slaves and they broke off from the usa
Cool
As a Texan they legit tried to push the "States Rights > Slavery" narrative on us throughout middle school and junior high even though we'd just read the Harriet Tubman book it was such a whiplash. Never trust a religiously led system of people they're not just short of a deck of cards some of those are Uno cards mixed in, they'll literally pull out the old testament and justify slavery
Unequivocally based
Also can I get that last frame as a sticker for my car? And one with the annoying orange lasting longer that the confederation, that would be awesome!
The annoying orange also outlasted Nazi Germany
These brats that complain about "muh heritage" suddenly stop complaining about it when I set their towns on fire (My 5x great-grandfather helped burn Altanta to the ground)
“Goin on down to the land of traitors, rattlesnakes and alligators”
This is the video America needs
WE ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
So then uh why are there at least 70 counties excluded from emacipation proclamation and only pertain to southern states and not border states like missouri and kentucky?
"It's part of my history"  History of taking Ls
THE RIGHT TO SUCEED Y’all are fascist morons by your logic Abortion abolitionists should be able to force their policy by force y’all realize slavery is bigger and more prominent then ever and we still use it? Like y’all are daft as hell the civil war had nothing to do with slavery the north even admitted they would of ended the civil war without banning slavery it was a man power move.
“We want to own slaves so badly we’re literally willing to betray our home country and kill members of our own country over it” is some actual evil super villain shit, and the fact that there are some who think it isn’t is *wild*
odd looking checkmate lincolnites episode
One of the youtubers tgat we don't deserved, but DEFINITELY needed it! And that is Doobus Goobus!  Thank you for knowing and telling the truth without worries in public and media!
Traitors be mad kek
I didn't expect Doobus Goobus to make the final, epic installment of the "Checkmate Lincolnites" series, but I am all for it. The Union forever!
I'm a member of the the south. I live a short drive away from Richmond the confederate capital. I want to say thank you so very  much for making this.  Thank you also for shouting out Checkmate. I live in a beautiful state filled with Ignorance of people showing pride through a traitors flag. Alot of the people are not bad they have just been lied to for generations.
Lincoln was not a hero (watch rageaholic for that one) but there was no true winner in that shit. Literally was a forced surrender and both sides had valid points and valid reasons to despise them. At the end of the day just learn your damn history and not just what you were taught in school since they just give footnotes. Side note it's funny that the South is called traitors when the nation was founded on traitors so we went full circle after butchering our young.
Goobus finally winning in a argument
The Wii U outlasted the CSA.
The other rights they argued for had to do with economy and trade that they claimed were being infringed upon... because it would be more expensive to use paid laborers instead of slaves and therefore the rich landowners would be out of business because 5 dollars a month (average pay for a field worker) per person would bankrupt the people making 10s or 100s of thousands of dollars a month. So, basically, still just slavery.  Also, isn't it funny how huge businesses today use the same excuses to not pay their workers a living wage?
DOOBUS GOOBUS FOR PRESIDENT
*puts on hazmat suit, dives into the comment section*
I love Hazzard
Seriously this confederate flag needs to be burned and buried deep in the dirtiest pile.
I have a Master's degree in history, and this SPOT ON. 👍🇺🇸
Main reason they wanted slavery to continue is the fact that their economy was built on it. The North moved towards industrialization (using materials provided by the south).
"The South will rise again." - Don Furkle, U.S. Gravy Seal
Now it's "other places had slavery so why are we still talking about it like it eas _sooo_ bad you're just trying to divide everyone."  By a person with hate speech videos from the heritage foundation posted to their channel.
I mean your not wrong
Dude. WTF.     You didn't play Union Dixie in full
I love that lincoln looks like in clone high
I mean like there was the other major cause of intrusion on trade and more people felt loyal to the state then the government but yeah that is the other causes
This is so funny and true. I can't believe some  people still think the Confederacy wasn't about slavery.
This is what we call in the business Shermanposting, and personally I am all for it
Those silly feds……
0:48 how react when people say that the Republican Party dose more then just oppress people
Wait until Doobus learns what Lincoln really thought about the slaves or what he actually wanted. There is a reason why the rest of the world views the flag as a symbol of rebellion
Other things that lasted longer than the confederacy: - Johnny Test (9 years) - Caillou (13 years) - PS Vita (8 Years) - The Magic Treehouse (31 years) - Garfield (45 years) - Club Penguin (12 years) - D&D 4e (6 years) - Macy's (165 years, starting three years before the confederacy)
Thank you for this.
You flirted with a 14 year old
Bro needs to collab with Atun-Shei
It is a pretty funny point annoying orange is longert lasting then confederacy.  I do like the goofy confederate character can he come back in other bits.
COOL
Here you want the answer: 'States Rights to Self Determination' its funny how Joining the Union is a Choice but your not alowed to choose to leave. States wanted the Right to deterimine their Economic, Civic, Social and Military personally and then work in Conjunction with the Federal Offices to integrate that into the larger United States. Instead we ended up with the Federal System, really nice how its ended up ehh just more and more Govermental Control over smaller and smaller areas?  Now about the slavery argument... There was a Bill being Ratified by the Norther States (Meaning that it passed both House and Senate, and was being accepted by the North.) To make it so slavery is a State by State Choice not a Federal one. Months Before the war kicked off. Was Slavery Good nope, but we like to Ignore that Slavery was the Norm for most of History for some of the last Western Nations to employ it. The Southern states werent even the last people on earth to employ Slavery, there is still Slavery today.  Ultamately the Civil War was a War about if the United States is a Confederation or Federal-Union. The Federalist won, and the Articles of Confederation (the bedrock of our government predateing the constitution) faded into obscurity.    Im sorry that the Common Joe with an American Public Education is unable to properly articulate the Complexites or Nuances of a Hundred Years ago based upon what likely amounts too 3 months of total education about the subject period over their lifespan.
The first black slavers were other blacks and blacks kept european slaves. I demand an apology from Africa.
As someone in the Deep South, I apologize for people like the grey cube thing existing
Welcome to America, where saying “the slavers who started a civil war were bad” is a hot take
I love this, you’re awesome! 🤣
Yandere simulator lasted longer in developement
Goobus.... you (and King Pooh) are invited to The Cookout
Such a beautiful video. We need a pool for videos about union pride 🎉🇺🇸🎉
I know a person around my neighborhood who has a confederate flag. Send help
After 14 years i think it's time for the annoying orange to secede.
We getting based here
Leave the union?
CHECKMATE LINCOLNITES!  Edit: Also More interesting numbers  1933-1945 (12 years) 2009-2023 (14 years)
I salute you, doobus!
The South has been promising to "rise again" 65 times longer than the Confederacy even existed.
All Confederate flags should be burned, and the Duke of Hazards should change their car logo!
Damn right!
Boo history! Go Doobus!
What makes this funnier is that you don’t need morality to argue against slavery.  You can just use good old money as an argument.
Patriot
Doobus Goobus for President 2024
Lmao
Smoking that good confederate pack since 1865
Man i learn more about American history every day. And every time I do Im really just baffled.
I love you even more than I already did Goob.
The annoying orange insult had me CACKLING-
man mf got compared to annoying orange 😂😂😂😂😂
0:39 WAY WAY BACK IN THE 1980S
Is this the Tl; Dr of Checkmate Lincolnites?
As Someone who know nothing nothing about American polítics i think this a Trump Cartoon (you really feel off, Trump jokes are lame)
I don't have much to say but I want to boost the engagment by leaving a comment so huh... based ig
Sherman would be proud!
I was listening to union dixie right when this came out love youre content doobus goobus
Yeah I saw some of the Twitter responses ya got. Honestly, that only shows they lack maturity, common sense, and of course love being racist. I mean why else would they get mad at this when it's speaking the truth?
The US had slavery for hundreds of years but, yeah, fuck the Confederacy because they wanted to wait longer to end it. How patriotic.
There are more Skylander games than there were years of the Confederacy
"Get a real country" XD
holy shit, clone high reference
Nice union Dixie
Atun-Shei's got some competition!
How brave
Love how Abe looks like his Clone High counterpart
Even the fucking N@z1s lasted longer than the confederacy LMAO
Yeah but states rights did what?
LOLOLOLOLOLOL YES
This goes hard af goob
loool
ron desantis does not approve this video for floridian schools
I hate how the Civil War is called the War of Northern Aggression.  The South fired first when they attacked Fort Sumter.
As a born and raised Tennessean that always knew the Confederacy was fighting for the right to have slaves because we were taught that and nothing else, all these pro-Confederacy people confuse me 😂 Like WHAT DID YALL LEARN IN SCHOOL?? Another fantastic job my friend, thank you 👍🏻
God the annoying orange comparison is the sickest burn i never expectes
Death threats?? Seriously? I’m so sorry they’re attacking you Goobus 😢
Colleen Ballinger's career and relevance lasted nearly three times longer than the Confederacy.  (This is a knock against Confederacy, they couldn't as long as a cringe YouTuber accused of grooming who responded with a f***ing ukulele song)
As a black woman i stand behind
The Nintendo Wii U lasted longer than the Confederacy.
Gotta love those rebel tears
I miss sonic at least yours
the annoying orange is the deciding factor as to what is and isnt strong
They didn't know what they were fighting for. The fascists în România did better than them(they did better than any fascists)
While i find this funny i just hope the twitter users dont do anything to ya. Twiiter is crazy sometimes
Man if only people felt this way about modern slavery
Comparing the Confederacy to The Annoying Orange, wow...
"it was about states rights"  "STATESRIGHTTODOWHAT??!?!?"
When the guy said some things are gray I was like yeah like you
Facts
How do you exist for a shorter time than the annoying orange???
The right for each state to control itself, slavery wasn't abolished long after the civil war. If you think the civil war was for or against slavery you need to read up on history. State rights for example to slaughter your own god damn cattle, did you know thats a federal comission and you cannot butcher animals yourself and sell them legally? Did you know that Abraham Lincon wanted to deport all Black people after the war?
This is very sad
They could’ve been based like the rest of us but they chose their side.😑🐱
Love you
This was everything.
This was the video of all time!
Okay, but slavery would have been outlawed in the Union 56 years earlier had the British won the Revolutionary War.
The worst part about learning about history, is even if you do get taught about the slavery bad basics. It only gets even worse. They don't tell you about the after effects like Neo-slavery, the tulsa race massacre, or that one guy who made shoes using the skin of black people.  No he was not a serial killer, he was just a regular shoe maker.
One of my favourite fun facts about the Confederacy is their flag was originally the same symbol but on a white background, to symbolise white supremacy. They changed this because they were worried it would be mistaken for the white flag of surrender. Which is funny, because less than five years later the white flag of surrender became the real Confederate flag.
Preach brother
Hell yeah fuck them Traitors.
It's disturbing to have to say this, but I think you are incredibly brave for doing so.
Doesnt matter whatever else you want when slavery is at the top of the list
GET THIS MAN INTO A POLITICAL DEBATE RIGHT NOW.
Goobus doobus is literally the definition of "politically correct".
like i looked it up once. there was also something to do with taxes i think? and like...... not to be rude i'm sure those southern tax men worked very hard... but i'm gonna be rude. THERE IS NO TAX REFORM OUT THERE that could make a sane or decent man go "well hot damn, i can live with a little slavery for this!!!!!"
Stunning and brave
He forgot about the taxes
Yeah i have no idea why people act like the american civil war was so black.and white. The American civil war was the least blaxk and white civil war in history
Lol
Classic Goobus W
"States' Rights" as an argument/talking point ALWAYS means "The right to ignore incremental positive changes and keep being horrible to prople without legal repercussions". In every instance and every argument, no exceptions.
You just got a fan for life!
I just wanted to say that I hope you took none of those twitter death threats to heart. This is hilarious. I’m glad you can just sweep those freaks under the rug.
This made my day. Because there's so many people like that in real life that it's pretty sad
doobus gooooobs
Not me trying to speed through a confederate town so I can survive😂
I would love to drive through rural Arkansas and see an Annoying Orange flag triumphantly billowing in the breeze.
Im no american, but didnt the emancipation proclamation only set slaves free in the confederacy? Edit: yeah looked it up to be sure, The union still allowed slavery, The Emancipation Proclamation only ruled that slaves in the rebellious state were free.
I love how close your Abe looks like to the one from Clone High
Please make a video of Winnie the Pooh being made head of the Confederacy and his generals are trying to explain racism to him.
I believe a states right to secede is what your trying to find
“We’ll All Go Down To Dixie!” 🔥
Yeah and Democrats ran most of the plantations as well.
Ah Goobus, the picture of a perfect American 🇺🇸
The right wings ultimate goal is to destroy the federal government on purpose so that the billionares son who cant count to 12 they elected governor can more easily make women illegal
remember kids! homestuck lasted longer than the confederacy!
They actually did try to rebuild the Confederacy in Mexico or someplace down south. Guess that didn't take.😊
I was in the middle of watching Gettysburg  Prepare for comment wars… time for me to watch and observe
clone high lincoln lmao
The fact that there are actual slavery defenders bullying Doobus on Twitter is simultaneously funny and really sad.
this is a 1 minute and 23 second video but your gonna watch it longer for that to understand what he's saying half the time lol
A sentient broccoli man has more patriotic wisdom than many of us.
as someone who lives outside US i can say that i understood almost nothing but yea slavery suks asss
As a history student this made my day. This man was hitting points better than any politician. What's even sadder is that somehow someone out there is going to view this video message as controversial and wrong.
Now you’ve done it, Goobus. Confederate Twitter is gonna to get on their high chairs and EAT YOU ALIVE
1:02 It can't even beat Rhodesia's independence that lasted 14 years.
Duke Nukem Forever's development lasted far beyond the life span of the confederacy I can't imagine stooping lower than Duke Nukem Forever
Things that have lasted longer than the Confederacy, a list.  The Internet Percy Jackson and the Olympians Barack Obama’s presidency YouTube as a whole Michael Bay’s Transformers franchise One Piece The Marvel Cinematic Universe The DC Extended Universe Literally, every K-12 school system in America  AND MANY MORE!!!
While I agree, with goobus I actually want to know what other things they wanted I mean, if they’re claiming it’s not just black, then I would like to hear their point of view.
Confederates when I have sex with their mothers (entirely within states' rights):
You don't know what you are talking about. Better if you stay in your lane and focus on the low iq childish humor.
I love this video! AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS
It's like a wise man once said: Punching Nazis is a slippery slope, and I love waterslides!
Boggles the mind that some people still try to defend the Confederacy
Doobus Goobus taught me why The Confederacy was bad a lot better than my schools have ever done so.
Hold on fellas, there could be a confederate in this very comment section 👀👀
So true doobus so true
this is your best damn cartoon yet, oh my god. the hype was worth it.
All that I want to know is what the name of the song at the end, it's sound like a bop!
Just saying, they wanted other things than slavery, and the north also wanted slaves, just throwing that out there.
I love this so much, thank you for another funny
YOU GOT DEATH THREATS FOR THIS????!?
All the confederacy wanted was to eat jello and enslave back people, I mean that's really a half evil when you really ponder it.
Uhhhhhhhhh……okay?
I fucking love how Abraham Lincoln looks like his clone high version.😂
The more you know 😂😂😂
did you use abe lincon from clone high
Common Goobus W
female tarantulas can last longer than the confederacy, remember that
I think Sherman used this video to burn Atlanta because this is fire 🇺🇸
Douglas literally strong armed this man lmao
Damn, Doobus really brought out the big guns with that Annoying Orange statement. Not only did The Annoying Orange outlive the Confederacy, but it went on for thrice as long as the Confederacy, and still continues to this day.
God this comment section is bound to be a dumpster fire XD
The best thing about hating the Confederacy is that it by default translates to “Go America!”. Accidental patriotism is still patriotism.
Bro we should be building statues of an anthropomorphic orange instead of confederate leaders lol
AWAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS RATTLESNAKES AND ALLIGATORS  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
the only time i ever feel patriotic
True, if THE ANNOYING ORANGE lasted longer. Than that’s a sign that it was pathetic
The Civil War is by far the most black and white war in history and you cannot sugarcoat it.
hes gonna get just the most calmest most rational response to this one.
The irony is that, despite the Confederacy obviously being vile, politicians still use the Black Vote like they own them, just with more sucking up, and less whips. Heck, they even added the LBGT umbrella to the strategy, depending on the Politician.
didn't they said they were economically dependent on slaves.
DOOBUS GOOBUS FOR PRESIDENT
Typical Doobus Goobus W
political videos 😴
fact: april is considered confederacy history month by 7 us states AL FL GA LA (idk how to abbreviate mississippi) TX VA
States rights is an especially bullshit claim considering the southern states happily shat on states rights with the Fugitive slave acts that enabled slave catchers from the South to forcibly conscript northern citizens to ‘return slaves’ to their masters, which in many cases involved just enslaving free black people in the north regardless of whether they were escaped slaves or not.
General Sherman: “Why don’t you go home to your own country and cry about it...”  “Oh wait, you can’t”   “BECAUSE I JUST BURNED YOUR ENTIRE ‘COUNTRY’ TO THE GROUND”
I honestly thought this video would be worse.
This reminds of all the holocaust deniers "sure hikter killed 6 million Jews but he led the ground work for the great nation that Germany would become which benefited the lives of much more that 6 million. So is he such a bad guy?🤓" no excuse for genocide
Confederacy are like transphonics, they act like they care about liberty while their "liberty" is being able to say slurs to minorities with out being attacked back
i absolutely love how goobus can go from beeg booba animation to a serious talk about racism in history and both are equally great
Pointing out how the Confederacy was outlived by the Annoying Orange is a nice new insult.   Also Union Dixie was a nice cherry on top.
WE ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
Wow FunnyImma1st
The length of time my dad has been out getting milk and cigarettes has been longer than the confederacy.   Great vid, sucks people need to be reminded of the truth while the south keeps gaslighting.
Now that I know the history I will say fuck the confederation
Abolitionism has always been a Republican W
LET'S GO! FUCK SLAVERY
Seeth and cope, greybacks
Heat 🔥
This should not be considered a “controversial take” but Twitter made it clear that apparently saying “supporting slavery bad” is controversial.
what the hell? Do I have the video in x2 oh why does he talk so fast? ... it's not at normal speed ... I wonder what happens if I put it x2 ... OH MY GOD!
"The only thing you're honoring is the huge L you took" - Abraham Lincoln
First! Also do a face reveal!
Even as a Southener, I'm glad you showed that traitor his place.  States rights to do what, traitor!?!?
I had a teacher who taught me the state’s rights thing. Had to take a quiz on it.
0:41 Ayyy Clone High Lincoln
The Annoying Orange is almost three times as old as the US Slave Addicts Good god
That’s actually a good question, why did they want state rights? I mean yeah for slavery but every racist person always says there’s something else and that question never gets answered
I love how Abraham Lincoln is depicted as the Clone High version
Man you really had to pull the annoying orange on the guy.
Incoming Confederate Rage!!!
Bro teaches more stuff than I learn in school
“States rights to do what 👁️👁️” he’s still being held hostage to this day
I love this channel so much
Please send me your socks
John brown is a hero a batshit crazy hero with an amazing glorious beard
Some people: *Facts that the Confederacy was bad*  Those type of Southerners: Nuh uh...
This just feels politically ignorant.
Doobus hit him with the Mike Ross special
Oh yeah, another animator trying to be political. So refreshing and needed. Btw, like your other cartoons.
So we made a thoroughfare for freedom and her train, 60 miles in latitude, 300 to the main! Treason fled before us for resistance was in vain, while we were marching through Georgia!
You shoudl definitely do more history themed videos since its both hilarious and interesting
Dixie is in Georgia which was a main thing for that are you coming down here to beat us up mr doobus the goobus hmmmm
this is fucking hilarious!
Oh boy, my favorite. *POLITICS*
I love that it's Clone High's Abe Lincoln
Nice
'Merica! 🇺🇸
Bro compared the confederacy to a talking orange 💀💀💀💀
:D
Send me socks plrase (pee in please )
Posted 43 s3conds ago and so much comments 😂
Funni
What a pathetic attempt at trying to create a nation. Well at least they’re gone now :D
The confeds should have their own "rope day"
Roasted damn😂 which is why I’m not a politics guys
Man woke up today to speak nothing but facts!
Thanks for the history lesson
Yes
Historyyyy
I like that you showed the Clone High version of Lincoln
Damn he roasted him
Funny how the Republican Party has the elephant as their symbol. But they sure want the US and the world to forget about a lot of important things in history. Anyone else seeing the irony of it all?
extremely common goobus w
Way down south in the land of traitors Rattlesnakes and alligators
This was amazing as always fantastic job goobus
Doobus being based as usual XD
Love from a Vaush and Xanderhal Fan!
based
Please pee in a sock and mail it to me 🙏🙏🙏
Should be played in school
“Erm ackstually!! It’s our heritage not hate!!!” -☝️🤓
I didn’t know people still thought the confederacy was a good idea💀
Doobus: a true union yankee
The lifespan argument killed me
They could’ve won
You're a legend, Doobus.   Just gonna keep this video tucked in my back pocket any time somoene ever pulls the lousy 'states rights' card.  I wonder if someone already sells toilet paper printed with the confederate flag on it... Might need to get in on that.
Doobus chose violence today. Violence is the correct choice for this.
The IMMEDIATE "State's rights to do what?" Was perfect
AWAY AWAY. WE'LL ALL GO DOWN TO DIXIE
good video doobus but the flag you used to represent the Confederate States of America was actually its battle flag and was never used as its official flag. A suitable flag to represent the Confederacy would have been the "Stars and Bars" flag that is the most widely recognised, non battle flag.
But then… states rights to do what?
As a Black man I approve of this video 100%! This video brings a tear to my eye.🥲
Real
As a japanese viewer looking in.  I have chuckled.
Hahahaha😂 so worth it
Average Doobus W
Mr Krabs & his plantation empire caused the civil war
Gonna use this link a bit
Wtf was that ending
Fax
Doobus with the VA game
States right to secede, govern themselves, not be consumed by a central authority.
Broccoli.
Funky
0:39 Nice, nicely done.
really?
Agree to disagree boy - 👴🏻
He got douglas'd indeed
“A WAY DOWN SOUTH IN THE LAND OF TRAITORS, RATTLESNAKES, AND ALLIGATORS.”
AMAZING show i learned so much from this
I aint even american and this is funny as hell😅
Damn, Annoying Orange W
This taught me more than my entire fucking 12 years going to history and social studies classes, God fucking Bless Goobus
Thank you for notifying me that slavering is now illegal.
Im so happy you finished this animation, fuck those traitors.
Imagine they play this in history classes💀
😂😂😂
Mentions slavery 50 times and then says “State Rights for what?”
That’s right bro! Call them TRAITORS
I love how you drew Lincoln in the clone high look
Yup
History fact: the union was in the right
Detective goobus on the case of rights
Clone high Abraham Lincon
How long until Twitter finds out about this
STATES RIGHT TO *WWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT??????????????????????*
Kudos to Doobus for teleporting back to Civil war just to give us 110% scientifically accurate info about history
screw civil rights. Civil lefts, ups and downs.
First
You used the wrong flag
I high key love you
I hope you are prepared for the dumb comments complaining about you "getting political"
🍔
Imagine hating on a brother so much, that you pass laws against them.💀
Yes
Well im white so i can't be a sivel war because im not gray
the cunt-federacy
away down south in the land of traitors
“I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.” - Abraham Lincoln, First Inaugural Address, March 4, 1861   It is not wrong to defend your home against invaders; and that entity which was founded through rebellion, by slave owners like Washington and Jefferson, as well as tolerated slavery in the slave states that remained in the Union (Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware) has no standing from which to judge the Confederacy. Nor does the president who assured the Northern public that freed slaves would be remigrated back to Africa.  (Read:“Colonization After Emancipation: Lincoln and the Movement for Black Resettlement” by Magness & Page)  This was a time when the United Sates was still referred to as these United States. It was understood as a political union of sovereign states. Many had never even left their home state in their lifetimes. None would have agreed to enter this union if they had known it was a death pact from which they could never leave.  “The State of Massachusetts has threatened, indeed, on four separate occasions to secede from the Union. First, in the debates referred to on the adjustment of the State debts; secondly, on the purchase of Louisiana and its admission into the Union; thirdly, during the war of 1813; and fourthly, on the annexation of Texas, when, we believe, one chamber of her legislature actually passed a vote of secession. On these occasions it was no mere act of excited individuals, but the general voice of the community. Yet this State is now the loudest in denouncing it, when inconvenient to herself; and a bastile is now said to be preparing in the vicinity of Boston, for the incarceration of those as political prisoners, who simply utter the opinions which, when it suited, this very State has so often and so vehemently expressed…        In one of the debates in the New York State Convention, Hamilton made use of these words: ‘To coerce a State would be one of the maddest projects ever devised. No State would ever suffer itself to be used as the instrument of coercing another.’ His far-seeing description in the Federalist is but too applicable to the events of the present day; and remarkable it is that he, the master spirit of the Unionists, should have denounced as ‘madness’ that coercion which is adopted by his followers at the present day.         But there was a consideration of still higher import. The Constitution was a voluntary act, framed on the principles of free, mutual assent, and common belief in its advantages. To introduce force as a means of maintaining it, would be repugnant to these principles. It would be a commencement on the voluntary system, to be continued under compulsion. Force is an attribute of monarchy; the throne represents and wields the strength of the nation. Each part is subservient to the whole, and none can revolt without foreknowledge of this force to encounter and overthrow. But the basis of a Federal Republic is the reverse of all this. It stands upon consent, which is the abnegation of force. In place of submission of part to the whole, the parties are co-equal. Compulsion is not only inapplicable, but opposed to the principle of the system. And the men of that day were too logical to be unaware of this; they declined to incorporate with the structure they were rearing a principle directly antagonistic to it.” Excerpt from “The American Union: It’s Effect on National Character and Policy”(1862) by James Spence, an anti-slavery Englishman  If there was a left wing secessionist movement a majority of liberals would probably support it (as they did support the Seattle “autonomous zone” in 2020.) In a 2021 YouGov survey nearly half of Californian democrats support their state seceding even with a liberal president in office, one can safely assume that number will rise if a Republican, especially Trump, gets back in office. Any attempt to force them to stay or occupy military installations on their land would be viewed by them as an act of imperialism and a betrayal to the US’s supposed democratic values. And they would be correct.  A union can only exist between independent entities, and one that claims to rest on the democratic will of the people cannot legitimately force them to stay when they have democratically elected to leave that union. After the Civil War any claim that the US is a voluntary union that rules through the consent of the people is entirely hollow.  “In front of every farm-house would be a large assemblage of whites and blacks, of all ages and assorted sizes. Our boys amused themselves by throwing “hard-tack” to them, and then what running and tumbling and scrambling would ensue! Little *blacks (not the original word used) and little whites, little dogs and big dogs, all joined in the race, and by the time the “hard-tack” was secured it was difficult to determine what were the original ingredients.” - a Union soldier stationed at Shreveport, Louisiana after the war (Goodrich, The Day Dixie Died, pg.189)  “Hundreds of thousands of slaves freed during the American civil war died from disease and hunger after being liberated, according to a new book… [As] Downs shows in his book, Sick From Freedom, the reality of emancipation during the chaos of war and its bloody aftermath often fell brutally short of that positive image. Instead, freed slaves were often neglected by union soldiers or faced rampant disease, including horrific outbreaks of smallpox and cholera. Many of them simply starved to death… After combing through obscure records, newspapers and journals Downs believes that about a quarter of the four million freed slaves either died or suffered from illness between 1862 and 1870. He writes in the book that it can be considered ‘the largest biological crisis of the 19th century’ and yet it is one that has been little investigated by contemporary historians… Many northerners were little more sympathetic than their southern opponents when it came to the health of the freed slaves and anti-slavery abolitionists feared the disaster would prove their critics right.” -The Guardian, June 16, 2012  “All things are subject to interpretation. That one interpretation prevails over another at any given time is a function of power, and not of truth” - Friedrich Nietzsche
Dooby gooby
The Civil war is probably one of the most obvious black and white wars in history
I love all of your videos! They’re so funny
Average politician lying
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Losers/traitors talking is always funny, thank you Goobus
Last
Damn first?
🤠
Do you ever ask yourself, "Ballin', but at what cost?"
There have been Minecraft, hard-core worlds that lasted longer than the confederacy
Ding dang
Hello love your content
Doobus goobus i the funniest animator ever
I was just looking to see if it was released. I'm so happy to see this It's amazing
Learning history is fun!
I can’t wait until the confederacy watches this
The wii u lasted longer than the confederacy
What do they not want you to do 😂😂😂😂
Histowree I'm spelling it like this from now on
i'm happy you are back! i love your stuff goobus!
Great vid
I’m the first!!!
“The Confederacy was bad.”      *uhm yeah no kidding*
Dude I feel bad for your Twitter post. So many people being idiots in the QRTs
🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨
as a black person this is funny
As a student of history. I applaud you sir!
I liked first.
The gooman returns. Hope you are okay bro
Wow I’m surprised to hear such a riveting hot take from Doobus Goobus
Love your content and animations.
i love the confederacy (they are holding me hostage please come get me)
"this dixie boys must understand they need to mind their Uncle Sam"
Away down south in the land of traitors
Baguette
Noice
I love you Goooooobussss
Another doobus goobus W
Racism isn't cash money 🗿
What an incredibly hot take in 2023
green goober go gobble gobble 🤯
Non americans seeing this being like What
It’s sad that this could be considered controversial
I’m under the bed and my little brother won’t let me out, please help doobus  EDIT: I made it out
you're spitting true facts right here.
W gooobus
Great Video
So fucking true
First
I am the first one to comment
Noice
E
Best history channel.   Haven't watched it yet.
First :)
Doobus Goobus is an amazing animator!!!
Correct it was bad
“Very few things are black and white”   How ironic
Very nica very good red dead redemption 65
hehehaha
cool
HEllO WELCOME BACK DOOBYYYYY
Banana
Love it
I love you Goobus
Black and white.. That's all what I heard soo zebra
The j
First!
First (probably not)
🚬🦐
Always funny’s as usual.
Early
69th
🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊
Breb 🍞
INFOMATION
Wow what a hot take!!!1
DOOBUS IS THE HERO WE NEED
Yes
This very accurate
First
Real
Z
Wa
