0:54 this is the only relatively normal part and even then it still has floating stuff
This is the sleeper Bill Wurtz HIT LITERALLY MY FAVORITE SONG HE HAS EVER MADE LIKE OMFG DO YOU HEAR THAT BRIDGE AFTER THE BREAK DOWN AT 1:57 like..... BRO ARE YOU HEARING THIS!?!??!??!?!
Modern advertisements be like😂
I dont think there's a single frame in this video without the corner store in it
I think Keroppi is going to like this you know
dude literally every time i hear that "OOOH" at around 2:12, i feel like i'm being raptured
I wanna make a corner store and play this song while it’s closing lol
This is somehow the most profoundly profound song in all existence ❤
Why did the "dun-da-dun-da-dun" parts actually hit
the coooornerr stooooore has everything you could want and not want. what are you gonna get? candy cigs? a can of soda?  fuck it. it'ss the coornerr stoooooore
This song makes me so happy (:
"yeah this is one of the more recent bill wurtz so- THREE YEARS AGO!?"
My favorite line is 2:17
2:13 has to be the most banging 1-second-long-synth-lick-into-vocoded-harmony-hit of all time
I've been a huge fan of this track since release! I love it sm!
Releases one of the top singles of the century and then never makes another video again
this song is about the experience of being at the store as a kid, and the and is about nostalgia
i would love to go into a corner store and have this song playing
This looks like yoyleland
This should be played in every corner store ever.
My attempt to find meaning in this has come to a pretty simple idea. I think it might have to do with finding joy in all the little things in life. Even a corner store can provide so much enjoyment. It's a whole different world in that store, and there's hundreds of thousands of stores out there to explore and discover. So many experiences can be had in this world, and that's just with corner stores.
Japanese version (also romanized):  角の店で (kaku no misede)  それは真新しい世界の一角です  (Sore wa maatarashi sekkai no ikkaku desu)  あなたはそこに入ることができます (Anata wa soko ni hairu koto ga dekimasu)  それがどんな感じかを知るために (Sore ga don’na kanji ka o shiru tame ni)  開いています (Hiraite imasu)  そして、あなたは入っています、ええ、あなたはあなたができることを知っています (soshite, anata wa haiite imasu, ē, anata wa anata ga dekiru koto o shitte imasu)  希望する (kibō suru)  あなたは永遠にそこにいられます (anata wa ēen ni soko ni iraremasu)  dun da dun dun dun  私は背が高くてハンサムです (watashi wa se ga takakute hansamu desu)  dun da dun dun dun  そして、私は床で踊っています (soshite, watashi yuka de odotte imasu)  角の店で、私たちは世界中を回っています (kaku no misede!! watashi tachi wa sekai chū o mawatte imasu)  その後、閉じます (sono go, tojimasu)  CONTINUING FURTHER AT 20 LIKES
Meaning of this song: freedom
> store is in corner > turns universe upside down > music can't exist
not enough neon
You could slip this one into a John Mayer album and I think I'd just be like, huh, this one's got a great beat and some funky transitions
WHY DID YOU GET RID OF JERRYS BAIT SHOP
Bill Wurtz is Parachute Express for adults
You encounter a wild wizard frog  What will you do?  []FIGHT []ACT []ITEM [✔️] DANCE
1:32 what is brick pak juices
Can     $99992   Accurate.
How does he make these songs
I love this song SO much. The melody is beautiful and I adore the overall vibe the entire video has. Never fails to make me smile
2:01 the neighbourhood really just said “dangm that’s crazy”
IS THIS ABOUT MAGIC MIKE
When I need to text someone that I'm at the corner store I'll just send them this video
the corner store *pros* and *cons*   *PROS:*  its the corner of a brand new world you can in fact go in there its open you can dance on the floor you can go all around the world in it its like no other store youve been in before if you close your eyes you can watch the minutes of each day go by the day lasts forever in the store you can dance through the door you can go through that rectangular hole in the wall everything costs $5 *  has a magazine with 27 pages all over the floor where everyone can read them it's right here: at a brand new location you can go outside and wave "hi" to all the other stores going by and one day we will be all together you can dance on the wall you remember who you are then it slips away but you then remember more can float and spin  *CONS:*  everything costs $5 EXCEPT bananas, cans, and boxes * it closes
I just realized that the store’s name is an image of a corner followed by “store”. Just like 📐store. That’s just what it is. Truly a 📐stone (any material, really) of corners.
this makes no sense and i love it
2:20
I remember me and my friend watched this
then it closes.
absolute perfection, song and video
this guy could make an amazing unturned map
Is this Talking Heads?
The theme song of the 7-11 near my house
2:16 also is it a game
1:16 the spinning doors got me laughing😂
dangm thats pretty cool
He be leaving is on the corner wih rhis one 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥
3:04 hits different
they didnt pay for the magazine >:(
COOL
peak content
the little detail at 0:52 "then it opens"
When he put the convenience store on the mountain, he took the convenience out of it
I sat at a corner store listening to this
I’m concerned for you. God didn’t, hasn’t, and won’t speak to you. Genuinely please go to a doctor.
The more I listen to these songs, the more they grow on me
I love how at 0:46 he makes a smooth transition with the text but after he doesn't have any more objects to hide he just changes the text abruptly
"through the rectangular hole in the wall" proceeds to show a square hole
Best song ever
I feel like my mind is opening when I listen to this~
Me Patiently waiting for the Japanese version
0:39 just for me cause I really like this part :)) 1:22 and this part too 2:58 AND this part
Why is this actually better than most lyriced music
graphics are better than the new megamind movie
I don’t know how to explain it, but watching bill’s videos feels… nostalgic.   And not because I’ve been watching since “I’m still a piece of garbage”, but more like… I’m a child again? It’s weird, I just feel like I, experiencing something I watched as a young girl on WHYY or Noggin, Sprout. It’s a big comfort
1. Dancing 2.yess. 3nutrienys
S its w
W
This is something I like.
I am well and truly upset with how calming this video is. 🔥
I am gonna go play this at a corner store
This video/song is actually based on MY corner store in Jersey City lmao. Can’t get it out of my head when I’m in there
store corner
Love the dun-dudun-dun-dun
but why swear though it ruins the song for a large audience
“Dun-da-dun-da-dun, I’m tall & handsome”
This looks like a Corner Store in Long Island City, Queens.
0:37 - 1:21 - 2:57 I really like these moments in the song when he sing “Dun-da-dun-dun-dun”... It sounds so mysterious and cool at the same time.
1:58 in the middle of what seems like a joke song bro breaks out into celebrity level singing quality and just stays there for the rest of the song
You’ve reminded me that I forgot sour cream at the store, thanks bill.
At the corner of the store! I'm crying on the floor. Then it closes.
I will never see corner stores the same after this
Does it have any grapes?
This is peak Bill Wurtz
Idk why but i always get a weird feel of positivity watching this videos. It's just... happiness. I can't really explain it, it messes with my brain in a rather good way.
I'll never get over this tune. c:
0:52
This guy should make a album compilation of all his long form songs 😊👍
childhood song😭😭😭
dangm
2:42 Thank wurtz, I can go another store without climbing here.
at the corner store
The ending was so sad
How Asians see things 1:10
ARE YOU THE SINGER FROM SPOCKS BEARD
Holy garbage this song is a GROOVE
WHY IS THIS SO GOOD!!!!
why does this make me emotional
that ending is angelic
that "and all the people go -.-...---.-...-. dangm" just makes my brain feel so goooooood
This song genuinely get through a hard time in my life. Thank you Bill.
I feel like my inner life is the corner store. I'm in it, but then again I can take it all around the world, and it's *my* place wherever I go.  I wave at all the other stores going by. I can't see other peoples' interior existences, but I see the outside effects, and trying to make that impossible connection is one of the sweetest things in my life.
this coda is the most powerful song ending known to mankind.
Can we all take a moment to appreciate how good his animating is?
THE AWESOME STORE!!! 😂😂😂😂
Guy just thinks about an ultra specific feeling and creates a catchy song and it RESONATES SO MUCH?! I have mad respect for this artist.
Corner Store Propaganda
Friend sent me this song. Honest to god thought it was written by an AI. After seeing who it's actually by, I'm still not convinced (as in not convinced he's not an AI at this point).
this must be the sequel to "at the airport terminal"
“It’s open… and you’re goin in!”  Going into the corner store is not optional.
Payment
petition to play this at every corner store?
this is now in my playlist
relatable
i like how here he says "then one day, we will all be together". it reminds me of At the airport terminal where he said "one day soon we'll all be together"
2:59 it looks like a computer chip
Before 100K
This is so unnecessarily long.
this is like a chaotic Owl City
funny
As the corner store I can confirm I am ȩ̸̡̡̢̧̨̨̢̧̧̳͖͍̪̳͇̰̜͙͓͔͉͓͙̤̳̤̭͇͖͉̥̯̰̘̭̥͍͔͕̦̻̤̤̙̜͉̳̦͇̣̯̩̣͔̤͈̣̥̥̟̞͖͕͈̳͙̲̪̙̣͖͚̝͚̠̻̱̥͈̭̜̹̼̺̖͕̼̙̖̘͎̥̀̇̋̇̈́̈́͑͛̋̀͂̍̄̈́̔̾̈́̈́̈́̃́̀̀͐͜ͅͅͅͅͅͅv̷̡̧̡̧͚̺͍̟̺͉̤̟̩̙͖̱͓̞͙̪̞͓͇̩͕̣̮̆̉́͛̊̂̈́̌̍͜͜͝͠ȅ̴̡̢̡̧̛̛̛͖̤̻̘̘̻͎̼͇̯̼͖̖̙͙̘̜̣̙͓̼̞̞̰̳̳̭̭͕̼̪̳̦̝͕̫͔̜̰̜̳͈̹̭̥̣̻̝̖͓̘̜̙̠̝̗̯̰͈̤͔͔̰̘͍̯͈̤͇͕̖͚͓͔̰̖̦̼̩̤͇̮̣͍̻͉̭͍͊̆̽̉̌̋̀̍̑̉̓̇̌͌͋̃̅͒͐̂̈́̐͛͐̍̔̏̂̽̌͐̃̋̈́̾͛͌͌͛́̓̅̀̆͑͒̍̀̇̈́͆̅̉̏̒͌͗͊̂͂̿̽͌̋͆̀͂͛̏͂͂̃̇̍̂̒̀̄͋͑̋̈̇̈́͐͂̏̓́̇̀̿̈́̀̑͛̃̓͗͘̚̚̚̚͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅr̵̢̡̢̧̢̨̛͍̼̼̖̼̭͉̺̼̱̥̰̞͎̙̳͔͚͓̮̱͇͍̘̹̬̩̳͔̩̫͙̦̣̆̑́͆͐̅̓́̅̑̃̋͒̽̔̄͒̓̍̈̔̏̃͑̇̐͑͛͑̓͆̌͊̉̇̋͒͐̒́͛̅͐̎̆̔͋̈́̏̀̄̈̾̏́́͗̀̚̕͝͝͝ͅͅy̸̧̧̢̡̡̨̢̡̢̛̛̛͕̲̭̬̜͕̠̹͔̦̤̬̻͉̣̙̘̰̺͍͓̫̰̗̣͖̳̼̖̪͖͈̹̺̼̹̤̱͇͓̰͔̪̰̠̥͕̼̣̯̣̗̞̖̼͉͕͔͎̬̞̔̏̈́̀̑̋̒̌̒̓̈́́͐̾̾̋̓̐̈́̎̀̀̋̂̆̽̀̓͛͒̅̾͂̒̏̓͋̄́̋̈́̐̓̚̕̚̕͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅţ̶͎͈̖̥̮̯̬̭̮͙̬͙̱̥̦͍͔̩͇̲̥͕̳̪̳̀̂̏̄̒͌͆̒̈́h̴̢̳̜̖͍͎̘͇̞̤̯̫̲̪̦̱̳͈̭͔̥̲̲̗̗̙̺̟̰̪̪͓̝̻͚̭̦̘̣̳͔̟̥̦̺̫̰̦̩̱̙̗̰̣̱̼̹̙̫̮̦͔́͋͒̊̏̈́̌̾̈̂̄́̽̀̏̋̾̿͠͝ͅͅͅͅi̷̢̧̢̧̡̧̛̛̩̫̺̪̙̻̜̰̼̪̜͕͍̲̺̮͕͈̲̩̱̺̞̺̹͍̦̭͚̘̗̩̗̮̥̘̪̺͈͖̻̫̖͉̙͓̠̘̥̼̤̩̯̣̲͇̦̟̦̯̩̫̼̗̲̠̥̦̞͖̪͕͙̯̳̲̖̺̺͚̭̤͒̄́̔̾̾́͗͊̀̈́̂̎͂̇̾́̆̇̌͋̃̅̈̏͐́͋̌̀̑́̓̋̔̓̒̋͛̀̏͌͆́̈́͊̒̅͛͐̆͐͂̏̓̓̀͑͒͋͐̇̃͌̿̐̽̍̀̃̇̀͆͊͂̒̽̌̀͋̃̒̅͊̃̍̈̏͒͑̈̈́̈́͗̅̈͘͘͘̕̚͘̚̕̚͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅņ̶̛̛͈̟̤̞̯̭̻̮̦̠̦̫̹͈͉̳̖̬̲̙̹̜̀̊̀͛̅̌͂̉̿̊͆̉̌̔͂̇̃̀̈̈͒̊̉̍̽̏̊̿̊̈̋͑̆̔͊̀̇̏̉͐͑̾͋̊̄͂̍̀̍͊̏͘̚͝͠͝ͅģ̷̡̢̡̢̡̱͍̼̬̘͓̩̺̲̜̰͉̩̼̳̦͕̟͔̭̹̱̘̮̳̬̺͚̥͕̗̮̫͎̼͚̦̟̺̜͇̫̗̪͙̰̱̩̱̖̤̤̮̗̥̱̥̘̩̠͚̭̲̩͕̭͓̹̖̞̲̬̦̳͖̪̼̟̺̭̫̭̙̪̜̺̝̦̎̈́̇͌͂̑̆͑̈́͗́̑̋͊̃̿̓̎̏͂̈̅̈́̎̆̒̅̓̑́͘̚͜͜͜͜͜ ̴̧̨̡̧̢̧̧̢̛̛̛͔̗͙͙̳̟̖͖̩͇̖̹͙̥̪̗̣͇̬̳̠̣̦̖͕̮̹̥̠͓͚̭͎͇̲̥̜͇̗͈̼̱̠̲͈̘̲̗̯͕̮̲̗̺͎̗̘̦̼͔̗̮͚̖͔͎̠̮̻̼̩͉͍͓̝̬̲͓̼̳͕̘̗͔̥̼̙̖͓̼̤̘̘̺̹̤̤̗͍̲̥̑̀͗͗̐̇̑͂̈́͊̋̉̔̈̈́̆̈́̅̂͊̿̅̅̏́͑̄̿̓̄̑̈́̑̋́͌́́̔̓͒͂̎̆̿͐́̎̎̿͌̇̽̉̀̍̏͐͗͌̀͂̕͘͘͜͜͝͠͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅấ̴̧̧̡̧̢̛̛̗̯̗̪͙̬͚̞̻̖͍̗̪͙͚̱̲̻̼̳̮͓͇̠̭̮͍͇̮̱̥͕̟͙̘͎͖͙͓͖̅͆́̈́̽̓̏͌̑͒̋̋́͛̋̓̋̒͂͆͗́͛̃̒͑̄̉͑̀̇́͌͂́̂̾̾̔̓̈̋͂̋̾̂̄̚͜͜͜͝͝ͅţ̶̨̧̢͎͍̠͕̩̘͙͍͎̳̳̰͈͔͖̲̳̿͑̆̎͌̈͋̃̇̐̓̆̏͆̈́͛̀̿͛̊͑́̌͐̓̍͒́͋̒͑́̓̃́̊̅͒̇̊̍͒̎̍́̿̿̃͑͘͘͝͝͝͠͠ ̴̨̻̮̳̪̮̳͎͍̱͖͕͙̯̼̣̜̳̦̮͓͓̳͍̯͔̖͎̤́͛̔̄̍̆́̍̈͛́̄̿̒̆̔̌͊̿͊͌̔͌̽̄̂͐̿͋̓̆͋̐̓̔͌͗̔̐͊̓͒̑͗͌͐͆͋̚͝͠ț̸̡̛̛̛̙̠̰͉̯̟̝̥̣̰̮̪͈̻̜͉̪͚̻̪͚͇̬̙͔̫̼͖̦̭̻̺̺̗̬̘̪̝͎̘̱͓̼͖̩̘̞̈́̆͊͋̍̈́̐̍́̅͊̒̂̀͌̂͊̇̾͊̇͑̓̐͋̀̿̍̔͂͒̃͗̽̀̐̽͗͐̀̓̓̄́̉̃́̌̎͒̓̏̓͛̂̎̈́́́̍̓̈́͊̇̎͂̈́͂̕͘͘͘̚͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅh̶̬̝̭͕͓͕̖̹̖̥̤͓͙̻̼̗͓̬̖̭͙̤̮̳̬̹͎̣̠̜̮̮̠̺͙̱̄̂̾̏̄͒͘͜ͅe̷̢̧̡̡̨̢̢̛͔̙̣̺̗̟̮̰̠̩̣̤̫͔͎̙͖͈͔̖͍͇̞̦̣̖̘͍̺͚̟̫̣̯͔͙͍̬̙̰͉̬̤͍͇͗̽̑̑̀̇̐̆̈́̐̃̃̾̉̃̒̈́̓̑̅͌̒͂̀̒̄̌͐̽̓̊̓́͑͗̆̀́͆̋̍͗̋͊͑̂̽̌̎̌͋̒̿͌̚̚̚̕͘͘͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅ ̸̧̡̧̧̛̘̲̜̳͙̹͇͔̜̞͈̳̮̖̩̯̦̭͐͐͑͆̽̐͒̑̔͌̊̌̊̋͌̇̽̉̔̐͋̆̈̐̕̕͘̕͜͜͠͝͠͝͠ś̶̨̨̧̢̡̡̨̢̨̡̧̟̰͖̭̳̠̻̝̪͕̺̱̫͔̘̯̰̯̹̘͚̞͍̙̼͉̜̫̲̘̫̻̼̮̦͖̤͙͓͙̬̠͎̞̘͕͙͔̬͓͚̱͈̩̫̞̱͙̝̟͚̮͔͍͈̙͕͉̥̖͙̣͇̻̯͓͎̩͇͚̝͚͍̤̊̑͜ͅͅͅͅȃ̵̢̡̨͓͓̪̗͔͔̜̥̦̼̪̭͈͔͌̎͂̓̅͌͛̑̔̓̉͊̐͑͐̆̐̈́̂͋̈́̈̿̾̅̒̄̂̈́̌͗̈́́́̆̎̒̎̉͛̕͘̕̕̚͠͠͝͠ͅm̵̛̠̪̾̽̿̃̈̃͊̒̾́̀̊̏̀̓͐̃͊͗̓͐͐̓̂̉̂̾͌̊̈̈́͂̍̀͗̿̌̄̋̌̂͊̐̽͊́͆̋͆̈́́̋͑̑̀̑̊̿̓̿̇̉́́͌͑̋͂͊͋̃̇͆̒͌̓̾̄̿̚͘̚̕̚̚̕͘͝͝͠͝͝ȩ̶̢̧̢̛̛̺̦͓̫̱̥̯̺͚͔̦̙̖̳̟͉̼͉̘̘͎͚̝͙̠̭̪͓̗͕͇̖͍̳̱̹͍̂̿̓́͊̾̓̐̾̑͊̾͒̔̓̽̿͑͛̉̂͌̔͒͆̊͊̅͛̒̿́́̇̓̆̈͐̎̃͛͋̓͒̔̔̃̊̑̎̂͊̍̀̏͆̆͒͐̿̀͌̇́͗́̓̋̀̄̀͑͋̐̆̆́́͑͒̀͑̃͋͑̉̔̅͌͊̚̕̚̕͘͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅ ̸̧̛̰̟̼̥͈͚̱̞̬͍̺̼͔̭̠͇̣̳̮͍͓͍̙̙̣̤̹͚̘̝̘̹͍̒̅̽̒̓̀͊̈́̌̊̉̓̍̈́͗̾̉͆͂͛͛̈́̍͗̎̒̔̋͗͊̀̿͌̑͒̽̈̒̾̽̒̿̐̀̀̍̃̀̉̆͂̈́̂̂̚͘̕͜͜͝͝͠͠͠͠͝t̸̨̢̡̨̢̺̻͖͖͇̦͈͙̦̰̝̳̞͈̙̘̖̟̰͔̱̝̠͕̘̥̙̥͉͉̝͓̼̖̳͇͎̪͍̦͈͎̱̟̣̰͉̖̟̟̭̦̼̦̦͉̬͇̯͇̮̹̥̘̙̿͛̾́̓͋̆̂̒̀͗̽̍̋̃̓͒̃͆̍̃̅̈̊͐̔̐̾̔̉̃̄͋̂͆́̏͆̋̾͛̓̀̃̊̽̓͐̄̕͜͜͜͠͝͝į̶͇̬̣̜̀̏̓ṃ̸̢̨̢̡̡̧̧̨̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̜̣̖̙̘̠̳̤̣̬͓̝̺͙̭̤̻̫͎̥̹͍̯͕͇̟͍̲̫̤͔̪͍̰̪͈̦͓̯̼̬̺̳̹̠̥̭̫̞͔̳̪̬̣̫̼̞̣̼͖̣̼͈͎̪̪̠̩̦̱͓͙͉̪̔̎̏́͋̐̓̌̊̀̈̊̃̓́̀̓̋̌̍̌̾̋̌́̃̎̃̒̆̍̆̌́̈́͆́̐̆̒͂̏̅̌͊̀͌̋̌͂̅̾̀̒̓͒͋̌͒̑̂̀̈́́̉͆͑͊̀̐̓̏̾́͆͊͋̈́̊̈́̅́̾̌̾͆͑͛̓̽̔̂̆̓̋͛͑̉̚̕͘͘͜͠͝͝͠͝ͅȅ̶̡̧̨̨̨̨̢̧̧̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̖̻͇̗̟͈̦͔̬̺̞̠̯̼͕̱̫̦̗̗̻̯͖̤̮̭̜̯̯̗̣̮̟̩̱̳̜̟̖̟͍̩̲̠̝̣̞͙̤̫̩̺̜̪̝̰̩͉͔̫̯̩̳͉͎̠̠̻͙͇̹̘̝͓̳͍̖̞͇͙͔̹͔͈͎̻̮̭̖̦̳̥̘̰̪͉̹̫͖͙̤̑͗̈́͒͆̄̒̾̔̃̌̉͗̒̀͒̋͊̉͑͂͆͊́̀̐̏̔̆̒̉̑̀̅̏̒̆͒̄̈̈́̍̇͐͋̽̉̀̀̎̽̄́͑̈́͌̎̀̊̈́̇͋̄̄̾͗̍̉̐͌̀͒͐́̆͛͗̾̀̓̃͂̔́̔̏̇̂͑̆̒̐̌́̃͌̕̕͘̕̚͘͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ
such a good music piece
This is actually good
This looks like a groove coaster background
"Dun-da-dun-dun-dun"
can you share the blender file? it is amazing how it looks (and sounds)!
This reminds me of Cody Fry's music haha
perfect song for a corner store
If buying things from a store was a minigame in Wii Sports
The duck song 2
This is a banger!
Most random thing I’ve ever seen in a month related with marketing and stores
You can feel bill wurtz's uniqueness,  it feels odd
imagine if this guy had like real serious topics for songs like he would be #1 song maker in earth
good
I can not get this song out of my fucking hEAD
no ur short and ugly                                                           Just kidding don't take it seriously
'hell thats pretty weird, but it seems so logical, so sensible' i have never heard a better summary of bill wurtz in a single sentence in my entire life
this sounds like a paul simon song
Comment more no matter if this vid was posted 1 year ago
is it just me or did the dun-dun-da-dun part feel like the best part
Y a R nul
nice one jreg, you really supported those local businesses
wow this is a bop and a half.
The best Bill Wurtz song ever.
At the corner store, they sell corners.
All of his videos has have this weird tinge of existentialism
why is the logo a triangle
this goes so hard
I always thought the ending of this song was great and really weird. It just seems so abrupt, like just when the chorus is really ramping up with the "around the world" melody doubled up, "then it closes." And from a technical level, it closes on the tonic, as like the most resting position the song can end in... but it doesn't FEEL like closure. It feels so unexpected, and considering it's the end of the song, weirdly final.  In the previous choruses, the "it closes" line doesn't end that way, it kinda keeps some tension, anticipation for the fact that the store's gonna be open tomorrow again. But the last one isn't like that, it sounds more like the store is closed down indefinitely. if the "corner store" really is a stand-in for "a place where you made childhood memories" then is this a bit like realizing that eventually those things won't be there anymore? rather than "it's open, you can go in there and you know you can", it's closed and you know you can't go in there anymore. and maybe you should have expected it, like how every chorus before has ended with the store closing, but it doesn't seem real until it actually ends. and you didn't get your closure. That's what the ending feels like to me.  Guess I can just replay the song if I want.
ܣ
Most creative way to use Arial.
i think
Bill's first 3D animation!!!
I love how.. casual Bill's approach to rhyming is. He'll rhyme when he can, but he doesn't force anything.
cool
1 year anniversary of the best song
1:57 - 2:28 is actually so good lol
This is the best song ever. Confirmed 👍
This feels like a spiritual successor to at the airport terminal. Very similar vibes, same deal with a generic place we've all been to serving as a metaphor for something more, they even have almost identical lines with "one day soon we will all be together" (it's the same here but without "soon")
This should've had 4 or 5 verses
I think he wants us to go to the corner store...
"Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave."
this has got to be my favourite song, i've been listening to it on repeat for an hour now and i don't plan on stopping any time soon 🙃
wait every product is detailed but the car-
3:04 Was that TheFatRat - Monody??
Almost a year later and this is still one of my favorite songs of all time. Thank you Bill for this gift!!
1:09 reminds me of the Time Upbeats.
ngl he pitched that store pretty well
I don't know why but I believe it's one of the most "normal" videos made by Bill.
This was posted on my birthday
I feel like nobody acknowledges the fact that everything is arial font
A ad for the corner store. No other store is like the corner store..
Great song and powerful message
This is true
this one is my favorite bill wurtz song. it makes me Feel Things okay? the lyrics just hit so hard and it makes me almost want to cry every time i listen. it's difficult to explain. the "dun-da-dun-dun-dun" gives me a Feeling. "at the corner store you remember who you are then it slips away then remember more" hits hard dude. it's just so amazing. the 3d animation is just so aesthetically pleasing. the instrumental. this song makes me Feel Things every time i listen to it and it's so good.
I was made a song yesterday that was inspired by this. It's called 'When You Go To Wales '.
why are the cars built like that lol
I think bill wurtz is always on something
The most logical lyrics he’s ever produced
Feels like an acid trip but you dont need to buy drugs and its not illegal. Perfection
How many drugs did I take..?
I don't know what I just watched but I do know that it is art.
Expensive banana.
köşem büfe
This is a very funky store
Best song you’ve ever made. Better than any other store.
dangm
normally, bill wurtz's songs have a meaning , but this is nothing and everything at the same time
What must I do to reach the fabled corner store
0:14 - 0:37
This is my favorite song
The Sequel we've *all* been waiting for
no.
I have a feeling this is about trains. Seriously I think corner store is an allegory for trains.
i love the dun-da-dun-dun-duns so much
Let's go to the corner store............. "Free delivery"... nevermind, let's not
Man really went into people's dreams and recorded them
I can’t tell if it’s been 3 minutes, or 3 hours.
i hope the corner store has grapes
Best song ive ever heard Edit 1: 1 yr ago
this is effective advertising; i'd totally go to this store
Music good
I… didn’t really like this song at first. The pacing felt weird and the harmonies didn’t please.  But the “at the corner store you remember who you are” is just so good.
This has “I’m going to the mall but they closed down the mall guess they don’t want me at the mall because I’m just too small” vibes
How do you make a song… ABOUT A CORNER STORE??
Imagine you shopping at the store and this playing.
Great song! Reminds me of 60s music b/c this dude has to be on LSD
😁👏
This embodies the feeling of being in a Duane Reade in the lower east side of Manhattan.
I hate when music snobs pontificate, but I gotta tell you that the last twenty seconds of this song has an awesome progression that makes me feel a certain way.
3:04 when you forget the lyrics and you mumble to act like you still know the words
No i don't think so
MAN ! SUCH A MASTERPIECE THE LEAST I CAN SAY
i wanna steal something at the corner store
Bill Wurtz, is this *BLENDER?!?* (impressed)
thats a lot of models
I have the strangest urge to go down to my local corner store
That store sure has a lot of corners in it
2:14 this part just *hits* different
i tried this at several corner stores, AND GUESS WHAT?? IT WORKED!! i walked right in the door, couldn't believe my eyes. We were all together.
Regular people  “I can’t seem to write this song… i just don’t know what to write next”  Bill -  “The corner store…” yeah that bops
So cool. Good job. :)
Bill this is your masterpiece.... for now
This might be one of the best songs bill has made lyric wise, it feels so meaningful and the music makes it whole
Bill is really going insane: this time there's thematic coherence and even a sort of chorus
This song and video kind of feels like "at the airport terminal, pt 2" and I love it
this song fucking slaps
1:18 is how long mom chats with a friend of her at the store
Is this corner store bigger on the inside?
this part hits 3:12
Why does that last "at the corner store" hit so much harder than the others
this guy is a legend whatever he makes is insanely good ahah
This would have killed as a gary's mod map.
Wait! What! How!!? How does Bill write songs so disjointed, yet connected...discordant yet melodic...nonsensical yet so bloody brilliant! What a musically fertile mind! Makes me feel so untalented......
I can’t pin down why but the way 3:06 sounds just elates me to no end
the cors
we finally have a sequel to at the airport terminal
Finally.....someone who understands my dreams
After listening to this song, I lowkey felt like every video suggestion on YouTube is related to each other.
hahahahaha
honestly like this more since its 3d
Anemoia
More emotional than the MCU
this made my day
This is unironically a good song to play when you're having a panic moment in the store lol. For me anyway.
i'm sitting here watching youtube videos all day and this man can make a song about a store
There are times when it feels like Bill Wurtz is breaking thru the rigid structure of conventional language into an additional dimension.
I can never tell if Bill is just having fun or if I'm looking for some deep metaphor he's been thinking through. Maybe it's both. Maybe I'm mad.
“The store is opening!”  *store closes immediately*
This should be played in every corner store
I want to live in a world where everything is 5 dollars
Greatest video of all time
god i want the corner store model to use as my steamVR home
With this theme song at our backs we can make the best sitcom of the 21st century.
3:04 to the ending is quite possibly my favorite part of any of this mans songs
A duck walk up to a-
When u say one day you they will all be together r u suggesting there is a corner store heaven
This felt like 2 hours
2:09 We know bill has officially gone mad because there is no way you can get a flat for a fiver.
What noise does the Tesco make? Thank you for shopping at Tesco.  What noise does the poundland make? Please take your items.  What noise does the corner store make? Dun-da-dun-dun-dun
Dun-da-dun-dun-dun
this pretty cool hell, this pretty good
Sometimes I wonder how he gets his ideas. Like, imagine he's wandering through a corner store for groceries and all of a sudden he has an epiphany and immediately has to get home, so he's head bopping all the way through check-out. At least, that's how I imagine it.
Is it just me, or does the street view at the beginning look similar to the street in his song "got some money"?
This is literally if the way I'd play with 3d models in Blender, turned into an animation
3:11such a great little chord that was just snuck in at the end
its not the wurtz song xd    sorry bill wurtz if this pun offends you also its ment to mean its not the worst song
*10,000 years later* “What is this tape?” “I dunno, but it makes me want to drive in a car owned by me, named Steve.” “Your name isn’t Steve”
Every single one of this guys videos are so fucking surreal, I feel like I'm going to another dimension
this is so fricking ÇÕÒL
And he learnt blender...
2:55
I love Bill
I'm starting to think a corner store opened near him.
Bro the corner store multiverse is the best multiverse
I love this song
This is so unexpectedly beautiful!
i didnt want the song to end
dagnm nice
these songs are such vibes
Oh cool. Spider-Man gave the store owner those hologram technology stuff to have big words appear on the rooftop, because an ordinary sign wouldn't be eye-catching enough! 😀😀
thank you bill wurtz
2:21 _Cleanup at the checkout lane._
corn store
I wonder what the corner store near bill thinks of him
This is my favorite one
Gonna buy a corner at the corner store
bill makes my brain not willingly live, but my brain likes bill so much so i will not quit bill. I will keep trying to understand you bill, and i will love you till the end,  signed, william Billiam tilliam the third
◣
@bill wurtz Is this based on the Key Food grocery store in Jersey City, New Jersey? Sure looks EXACTLY like it.
3:04 is my favorite part :)
Now that I see how cool the corner store is, I want to know more about the city and it’s buildings. Lmao
The sequel of "Go To The Store", you can't convince me otherwise. Years later, the unspecified main character (you) has finally accepted the simplistic beauty of going to the corner store. At this point, the simple act of going to the store is used as a form of grounding, helping them relax and reorganise their thoughts - hence, the day lasts forever.
I want to meet this man in real life at some point
Amazing song, 1:58 is a banger
gotta be the catchiest bill wurtz song
everyone else: look how much bill wurtz animated the neighborhood me: all this is illegal b/c of zoning
I hope he makes it big, cause we need more music like this, please keep who you are Bill Wurtz, never change
my desire to buy is uncontrollable seven eleven here i go
*Begins to dance* Unironically a hella bop
💞Capitalism Vibes💞
I had more thoughts in this 3 minutes than I have in any other 3 minutes
"Hell that's pretty weird, but it feels so logical so sensible" at 2:06 is exactly what this whole song feels like
Why is he not grammy nominated ?
The only song thst bill wurtz made that's somewhat normal.
nice key solo 😍😍
tri store  remember this comment if you truly wanna know if God is Real or not. read ALL of it, and hopefully know that JESUS CRHIST is the true God. screenshot it or keep this comment somewhere to read later. this should prove that Jesus is Real. JESUS CHRIST will Not make you take any mark, and He will punish the tyrannical ANTI Christ. The ANTI Christ will get a terrible wound, but cure himself to reinforce his deception to decieve the non-Christians and the lukewarm Christians. (look up lukewarm Christians on Christian websites and/or the Bible.) the AC will be world famous and very popular. he will make people take a mark on r hand or forhead. there will be a severe punishment for not taking it. The ANTI-Christ is a control freak, the opposite of Jesus Christ. Jesus uses His power for GOOD, NOT EVIL. This is BIBLE PROPHECY. Dont trust the false god, his goal is to get people into the lake of fire. he  will go there too, despite all the FALSE MIRACLES HE WILL DO! Repent of your sins to Jesus Christ before its too late, you could die today! if the bigbang was real sat turns ring particles should've moved too fast for ANY gravity. And thats not even taking into account the bigbangs hot temprature which shoulda vaporized anything. also there is too little antimatter in universe. if bigbang was real 99.99999999999999999999999999% of our universe should Not exist because antimatter destroys matter when it make contact with matter. the bang wouldve made much of it touch matter. so we see far less stars n stuff bc the so called bigbang wouldve destroyed nearly all of it.
Amazing song
I would like 5 corners.
This is probably the perfect song to introduce to someone who is new to bill wurtz. It feels like a normal, even tame one to us who are used to it, but to a newcomer it's tantalizingly normal, so they'll be constantly trying to figure out what's going to happen next but it never resolves.
How could anyone ever make a video this awesome?
In the corner store I need some sleep it's 3 fucking 30 am
love the bill wurtz vibesss!!! they feel nostalgic for somewhat reason(90s vibes). we need more music like these!!
The corner store is a metaphor for the afterlife I'm convinced
this song really makes you feel like you're in the corner store
i know it's been told half a milion times and more but the videos feel like a dream. and i mean it. lots of stuff happening for no reason, mixing up stuff, no conclusion
💯
My grocery store!!! 🤯
I bought a new corner there last month!
The complex simplicity of his songs is always astonishing
Why did you model every item in the store, but not the city?
*contemplation*
Bah bah bah baaaahhh ooooohhh yeahhhh
I love this.
As a guy who works at the corner storei can say that yes, im gonna kill myself to this song
Can I Have The Model Of The Corner Store Please?
Imagine living on a nice place with a corner store… ON TOP OF MOUNT EVEREST
Not gonna lie I think I saw this store in real life
A world full of shapes that has words that sing hm that’s pretty good
So good I even sang it in school
My last 5 brain cells during a test:
The secret message in this video: 🕺🏻🕺🏻
Duck song?
1:57 - 2:27 idk why but this part just makes me happy. I especially love the magazine part.
Can you enable YouTube caption please?
As someone who works at a corner store and honestly enjoys his job, I love this. I'm gonna play it everyday at work
We’re immigrants and we practically thrived off our shop. I love seeing the new thing added and all the people slowly coming in. Thanks for helping us get to the middle class, store.
I don't like it when the store closes.
One day we'll all be together, just like all the other corner stores in the sky
i really like how the dum-da-dum-dum-dum sounds
3:19 rip corner store
got any grape chapstick?
At the clothing store nobody tells you the whole world is changing.  At the grocery store someone will tell you that what changed is you.  At the corner store we go all around the world, then it closes.
Aaaaaaand adding this to my list of favorite Bill Wurtz songs
0:38 me everytime
what if bill wurtz wrote this song to distract the cashier at a corner store after he dropped a magazine with 27 pages inside it that was worth $5
The lyrics speak to me
I saw corner store and thought "oh he cant make this that weird" but no, he made it equally as weird as other videos.
The duck walked up to the corner store and said to the woman- running the store. Hey- bum bum- got any grapes?
this is a masterpiece
I really like how there's a door at the customer support area that doesn't have an exit on the outside
Ok cool.
I associate this song with themes of "exciting opportunities", "making a decision involving a commitment of some kind and having to give an answer soon", and "nah it's fine if things stay the way they are"
My dreams be like  edit: the fairly simple chords at 3:05 fit so well oh my
At the Corner Store we go all around the world, then it closes *Depression Intensities*
There's something I like about ideas like spreading the pages of a magazine on the floor so everyone can read them. I like the absurd benevolence, or something like that. Chaotic good? I don't know, it's just the feeling that all of the wackiness is somehow perfectly explained by a desire for community and friendship.
I would like to see a bill wurtz video game.
And then the duck said "got any grapes?"
somehow this gives me stanley parable vibes
Bill... I love you.
dun-da-dun-dun-dun i've got some money
"Hell, that's pretty weird, but it seems so logical." Everybody feels like this when listening to his songs.
Doesn't need YouTube captions, because puting subtitles in that video.
The legend has return
This was musically a very interesting one. Really catchy at seemingly random. Some parts seem to just consists of different "hooks" that all want to be the hook to whole song but it never happens. The song just keeps going. Love this one, Bill.
This music is so good I'm scared
Fun fact: This video is exactly 200 seconds long
I feel like Bill made this song because he built this 3D corner store in great detail and he was so proud of it that he wanted to show it off to all of us.
At first I saw this and thought “HE’S BACK!” Then I saw this was made a month ago. Then I thought “HE’S BACK!”
2:05 and all the people go >•€+#*#£
Awesome
This song… feels like a whole new emotion. I don’t know what emotion, or how to explain it, it just does.
Honestly my favorite track, its just them drums
My favorite part 2:57 to the end.
This dude literally modeled an entire city just for a corner store.
Yes
My relationship with my local Speedway
Pov you got a strike
3:04 to the end of the song is so delicious to my ears, and I couldn't tell you why.
His songs are so random I love it
Well, a duck walked up to a corner store… and he said to the woman, running the store: Hey! Bom bom bom, got any grapes?
“Corner store”, the sequel to “money”
deaf people may not hear the music but the visuals perfectly show off its funkiness
:D
This gives the same sort of vibe as the opening number of a musical and it's amazing.
“A duck walked up to the corner store and he said to the woman who was running the store ‘Hey’ [Baum Baum Baum] ‘Got any grapes?’”
I thought it was gonna be a store that sells corners
Yep i'm sold. How do i get to the corner store?
i do like that he's more focused on a topic in these new songs
corner
Hey Bill make a video please called History of Australia.
When bill wurtz said "dun da dun dun dun" i really felt that
I was going the listen to this when it was new, but I've been really busy.
It feels so weird seeing such an accurate 3D environment in a Bill Wurtz video.
I kinda have an image in my brain for this song, of a person who just moved out of their parents' house and are living on their own, dealing with the emotions of suddenly being responsible for themself. Basically, they're having an epiphany because they had to go shopping for themself the first time.
"Hell that's pretty weird, but it seems pretty logical, and sensible"  *The man just summed up his own songs perfectly.*
Diamonds and roses, papers from a magazine, what next that is all over the floor?
A perfect commercial doesn't exi-
I love this song. It's simple, carefree fun. For a couple minutes, I was effortlessly silly and happy just for the sake of having a good time. It sucks the store's closed now, but I'll stop by again soon.
Lol .
This and the new song give me the vibe that an album is on the way.
We can make a rel-don't
0:43 this goes hard
This make me nervous by just walking into a store
I feel so happy when i enter the store. I can see a lot of stuffs even if i can't bring them all home. Satisfying and amazing. Who else feel the same?
I listen to this song every day and I really like it I don't know why but this song just clicks I personally think this is the best bill wurtz song ever
He deserves so many more views, this actually made my day, I love it sm. It's honestly a gem.
Oh jeez the aliens know what corner stores are now oh shoot oh dang
Some far side virtual vibes
i love how, in all your lyric videos, the lyrics are actually incorporated into the visual style. as a subtitle enjoyer this definitely enhances the experience!
what a sensible video!
Banger
The melody is so original and I love it.
GOD that low note on the last "then it closes" is just the cherry on TOP what a way to end the song that part specifically continues to get stuck in my head and yet I can't seem to hit it myself yet needless to say I yearn to be able to sing that low a note while making it sound as effortless as Bill does
this would have fucked at eurovision
dum-da-dum-dum-dum
This song is everything. Or is it? At first you get to the store, hoping you can change the world with new things you acquire. Then you realise that the new world of today is even more consumerist. Then you see the world different - probably the way it should be, without concerns. And then you realize that the store is yourself, but at the end you again still have no idea. This store is so many things at once - and that's what a store is, and that's terrifying. Someone wrote here that this song is an absurdist comedy slowly turning into an existential thriller. Maybe, but I won't say it's scary. It's beautiful, definitely, and... just uncannily true - it's so meaningless and meaningful at once that you don't even know how to approach it. Just like life itself.
Yes
$5 $5 $5 $5 $5 $5 $5
Forgot you made music😅
I’m trying to learn blender and I keep getting frustrated and telling myself “bill wurtz learned blender in no time”… then I remember it took you a year to upload a blender video.
I'm so glad that I live in the same era with you.
Amazing, once again. I love it!   Your lyrics always remind me of some Beatles songs. Y'know.. like.. when they had their weird phase.? Songs like "I Am The Walrus" or "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds" lol
so much things you can do with your creativity and you chose to do this
hi bill
I'll be waiting for bill wurtz to discover online shopping--it's much more magical than the corner store!
1:21 endless therapy, I will make a loop of this.
Damn. The corner store delivers.
very nice 3d store
Basically this is like the clash’s song lost in the supermarket
this is SUCH a bop
Gives me Mercenary 3 vibes
The specification that the magazine had 27 pages got me good
I noticed the uploads are speeding up. It looks like he switched strategies or got more comfortable. I'm excited to keep catching all of them as they come out ^^
Can someone who works at a corner store confirm
I get how it takes a long time to do work sometimes simple things  ( that sounded like a vent comment e )
hes back
Wait is this Jersey City??
This channel makes me feel so happy whenever I forget how to feel that way, thank you
.o.
My favourite bill wurtz song so far
Tell me another Duck story:  The duck walked up to the corner Store
You *will* go in the corner store.
I l o v e this song SO much! c:
im happy youre posting again, bill.
3:12👍
1:58 is so damn groovy
in socialist germany we actually had stores named "store".  because we had no brands and no competition or free market so you would know what they had . you just knew. no prob. lol . true tho
a duck walked up to the bill Wurtz corner store…
Its weird, everything in this song specifically is exactly how I don't feel about things. Except about doors.
This is wonderful
something about the lines “at the corner store you remember who you are, then it slips away, then remember more” is so much more correct than i expected it to be, and it’s both comforting and tripping me out a little
zangm
This genuinely slaps.
Did anyone call the phone number of the corner store
is that the key foods in jersey city
This is a commentary on capitalism.
the part that starts at 1:58 is magical repeat for 2:57
at the corner store it's the corner of a brand new world you can go in there just to know what it feels like it's open, ....and you're going in oh and you know you can hoping you can stay there forever  dun-da-dun-dun-dun i'm tall and handsome dun-da-dun-dun-dun and i'm dancing on the floor at the corner store we go all around the world then it closes  (&) the corner store is like no other store you've been in before but now you're here and you feel these emotions if you close your eyes you can watch the minutes of each day going by but in the store you'll find the day lasts forever  dun-da-dun-dun-dun i call and you'll answer dum-da-dum-dum-dum and we'll dance through the door at the corner store we'll go all around the world til it closes   the store is opening you can go through the door  through that rectangular hole in the wall  that's pretty cool hell, that's pretty good tell that to the whole dangm neighborhood and all the people go 'dangm' hell, that's pretty weird but it seems so logical so sensible, oo wo oo uhw.... 'ah' save that for the screen save that for the cover of a brand new magazine with 27 pages all over the floor where everyone can read them   at the corner store up at the corner of a brand new world it's right here at a brand new location you can go outside, and wave 'hi' to all the other stores going by then one day we will all be together  dun-da-dun-dun-dun when you call, i'll answer dun-da-dun-dun-dun and i'm dancing on the wall at the corner store you remember who you are then it slips away then remember more at the corner store we go all around the world then it closes
2 weeks felt like a week and nine days, that's because it is. If this type of city exists, I'll migrate immediately
AHHH!!! Goes hard 😤😤😤
Fun fact this song was released on the same day 1 year apart for his I got some money song.
dangm, that's pretty weird
Jazz. Bill. Funky chunky.
NeonDance
honestly bro how do you even write songs?? like, they're so random but they're good!
No way he finally uploaded
If bill wurtz designed The Sims..
This is where Bill learned about the array modifier
Simpsons!
what does this mean
2013-14: The Simple Update 2014-17: The Filter Update 2018-19: The Complex Update 2021-: The Vector Update
Will Bill Wurtz Upload Next Video? Tell on Reply
I need glasses so that I can see far. I'm just saying...
he just flexin at this point 🙄🙄
This looks extremely realistic and the 3-D models look beatiful.
2:05 and all the people go *computer meltdown* DAGHM it’s just PERFECT
why am i getting badlip reading vibes
HoW dId ThIs HaPeN
efenim deniz beyin selamı varmış
the video gained another dimension but the songs have been defying reality for 8 years now
HE IS BACK!
I like to follow the adventure of the basket. It's wonderful and fulfilling.
This is so good. Every time I come back to see his new work I'm impressed by how much he has improved over the years
Dude you are the greatest mind of this generation
Oooo
I took a nap and dreamed I bought an apple at this store and while waiting in line, a camel crossed the street outside.   This is the kind of dream you only get when you're sleeping at daytime.
Are... are your lyrics produced using predictive text? They should like the stories I would send peeps by spamming the 3 options randomly
Now sing about trees
Hello students welcome to the land of the wurtz today our lord and saviour bill wanted to share the great invention from the land of the wurtz THE CORNER STORE it shares the story of the shop where time and space itself distorts to fit the ideology of your brain . From the corner store you can exist in a form you never knew you could see before. Bill now returns to the land of the wurtz and will return to share the thoughts of the world  UNTILL then goodbye students
make more short ones
3D? Lol
corner store
Nice
Animation
I had no idea what was happening during that video. But I was vibing, and I fucking loved it.
I finally found your channel again! Came back 4 years later, and i’m very pleased! Love your animating! Keep it up!
How lovely. A corner store.
isn't the line "one day we will all be together" also in airport terminal?
This was an emotional experience  I am changed
why do i like this song so much
Mate, you're amazing.
Pls make history of poland
Cool now make A New history of The world
Yes
What even is this?
This cg model of a corner store along with the really nice song fills me with comfort
This is giving me nostalgia for some reason…
wait this might be an "help" or "sos" msg because last 4 videos were i'm scared that means hes in danger then fly around that means they took him to another place the 3th video was a counting down that means he's really close to d*ing and the last video was the corner store that means hes somewhere at a corner store
this js an amazing music piece
Wow
The ending is a straight bang bruv
bill can we make a song pretty please
everyone gangsta until this song is an analogy for drug usage
this makes me wanna go to the corner store
Now this is the content I subscribed for right here
Girls: I dreamed about my crush!  Boys:
We went from him to ENA.
Love the end “then it closes.”
This is a fresh new banger
Lol nice
Someones gotta make a movie based around bills music
how do you think of lyrics to songs like this
I actually wanna see TF2 maps recreated in a bill wurtz style
Wow
I was there the other day.
I agree
we need history of earth pt
2:10 gotta be a Supertramp reference, right?
i hope you got an A for this, bill
i really REALLY like how detailed the corner store model is
that harmony hhhhnnngggggggg <3
My man is the pioneer of a whole damn genre. What is it even called?
i remember when bill wurtz quit, glad he's back
You know it’s a good day when Bill Wurtz posts
Can we appreciate how he has to model the town, the mountain, the store, and everything inside the store, as well as make it all move???
This has been stuck in the house for several years vibes
Honestly, Bill just does what he wants and nobody can stop him. Whatever he thinks of, he makes into a song
Another masterpiece by the greatest philosopher of our time
Someone call the tel number
wow
Anyone else miss the old format?
this is not only music, it is also quality of an animation. i dont want to miss the animation
this is good
Finally a song about stuff that I actually care about
At the corner store!
Bill should do a video about the history of the decade when it ends
At the corner store It's the corner of a brand new world You can go in there Just to know what it feels like  It's open And you're going in Oh, & you know you can Hopin' You can stay there forever  dun-da-dun-dun-dun I'm tall and handsome dun-da-dun-dun-dun and I'm dancing on the floor  At the corner store we go all around the world Then it closes  At the corner store It's like no other store you've been in before And now you're here And you feel these emotions  If you close your eyes You can watch the minutes of each day going by But in the store, you'll find The day lasts forever  dun-da-dun-dun-dun I'll call, and you'll answer dum-da-dum-dum-dum And we'll dance through the door  At the corner store we'll go all around the world 'Til it closes  ...  And the store is opening  You can go through the door  ...  Through that rectangular hole in the wall  That's pretty cool Hell, that's pretty good Tell that to the whole dangm neighborhood And all the people go,  "Dangm, hell that's pretty weird But it seems so logical So sensible"  Oh, save that for the screen Svae that for the cover of a brand new magazine With 27 pages, all over the floor Where everyone can read them  At the corner store At the corner of a brand new world It's right here At a brand new location  You can go outside, and wave "hi" To all the other stores going by Then one day We will all be together  dun-da-dun-dun-dun When you call, I'll answer dun-da-dun-dun-dun And I'm dancing on the wall  At the corner store You remember who you are Then it slips away Then remember more  At the corner store we go all around the world Then it closes
I love corners because he says 'hoping you can stay there frover
I counted there is 27 pages
WHYD IT HAVE TO CLOSE?
It's a liminal space.
Соrnеr stоrе... ᵈᵘⁿ ᵈᵃᵈ ᵈᵘⁿ ᵈᵃ ᵈᵘⁿ
“The legend is back.”
something about the last 20 seconds of this song just absolutely hits
That's it, we have written a song about everything now. shut her down. good stuff
saddest ending of all time
someone play this at a corner store
Me walking into the dingy city 7-11 and disassociating into the picked over snack isle
howd he get the model for this
i want this to be an ad for a corner store
bro was just at the store getting milk the whole time
this is a masterpiece
inspirational
English teachers be like: "What's the hidden meaning behind the corner store? What does it symbolize?"
I love how the magazine is called "corners" but inside there are only curvy lines with no corners
the corner store is amazing. i go to my local corner store and it is amazing.
@1:42 is the street name dirth?
he's uploading faster again! woohoo!
Can you make history of East Europe ?
I love this, I just love it with my heart.
This looks just like the Key Foods in downtown Jersey City at the corner of 3rd st. and Jersey Ave.
the return of the king
I want to go into the corner store, seems very cool
Thx yt for not telling me
"What music do you like?" Me:....it's ...complicated
Still memoring his quitting
That "dun-da-dun-dun-dun" makes the song for me
All your videos always makes me laugh and I love them, my favorite is the entire history of the world i guess
Where's the history of china?
Definitely gonna use this as advertisement if I ever open a corner store
I have never been to a corner store. I wish to experience this.
Bill Wurtz is such a good artist bruh 😭😭😭
idk how many dislikes there are, but there SHOULDN'T be any dislikes.
Can you make a history of America
when bill wurtz does these abrupt endings its kinda creepy
do you like 3d styles? *yes* do you want him to continue making those? *NOPE,  IM STILL A PIECE OF GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
these just keep getting more and more impressive
I feel like I’ve dreamed that store before
Dangm
My brain evolves every single time Bill Wurtz release a new song.
Low key he looks like Captain America
:)
Bill turned into a 3d god
ah, NOW i can remember what baby einstein was like
a duck walked up to the corner store-
This city looks familiar in bill wurtz's past video, "got some money"!
me at 5 am after watching like 15 videos about city planning and how most community buildings aren't allowed under north american residential zoning laws but yearning for corner stores and cafes and local shops so bad :(
I’m dancing
Oingo Boingo Vibes
ohhhh we love you Bill
fucking love this one
Im tempted to call the free delivery number
Why this a vibe tho
One day all of this is going to be nostalgic
Can we all just appriciate the insane amount of 3D modeling and animation Bill has seemingly mastered over the last few years? The last couple vid's had me incredibly impressed but fuck this one had me gawking.
what if the real corner store is the aggregate of unremarkable, semi-waking experiences that slip away from us each and every day
walk around the store, dangm
One of your best songs, Bill :)
Through that rectangular hole in the wall . . .
Idk what this is, but I’m here for it
bill wurtz is a contender for my all-time favourite creator. What a seriously inspiring dude.
Ladies and Gentlemen: How to get the most mileage out of your 3D models.
dagm, your modeling skills are absolutely radical, Bill. you've clearly taken the time to learn how to do this, it looks just like a video game.  (Also if you made a video game I know myself and a LOT of other people would buy it)
imagine if corner stores played this in the store while at the store you listen to the corner store song while your at the corner store
This song makes so happy I cry. It reminds me of how simple yet so full of love my life is. It’s taken a lot of hard work, medication, and low points to get here. Now I can feel happy and content with just how I can just exist.
Not a clue what the duck is going on but this is simultaneously the most cooked and pleasant song ever
Did the duck come by?
The GIFT giving season is the time for Believing
You are the ultimate AI artist
Damn this is probably his best yet. The chorus is catchy as hell
2:47 alrighty! The power of jazz warps the multiverse, worlds kiss at the top of a mountain beyond material and light, and the 15 minute break I'm taking from writing a digital ethics paper has been made almost 20x more refreshing than expected, despite this song's relative brevity. May your wisdom echo wordlessly in the neurons connecting my brain to my soul, stretched out like fragile fluttering strands of silk through the measureless vortex of meaning between heaven and earth and some third thing, a place where math once lived alone and drank cool air before it wandered away from all it knew, put timelessness behind it, joined the fold of God and heard the first word ever spoken, and whose image has since been featured everywhere in the universe, an honor extended to only the oldest and most dear friends of heaven... the others being even older, more abstract to us, and harder to name than math. Axioms trusted to the brink of invisibility by angels, and trusted into true invisibility by any earthly mind. However high any summit of knowledge is, the width of the horizon it sees is so much greater.  Bless you and your electric piano and various other digital instrument sounds I do not recognize, but which are surely recognizable to anyone living in the blessed world of using them frequently. I spent too long writing this and must go.
dude went from a corner store to interstellar pretty quickly
@3:04 is fire 🔥 :D
Keep going are favorite history teacher
when bill wurtz turns RTX on:
Straight up added this my playlist
its such simple music with such simple text. but it makes me soo happy
3:00 is epic
0:54 “its like no other store you’ve been in before” Yeah cause theres floating baskets and they can also slide against the ground, and sometimes theres some big giant triangle or something that spins above the store and also IT TELEPORTS TO A MOUNTAIN SOMETIMES
Better 3d?
"hell that's pretty weird but it seems so logical" bill wurtz just described what his music feels like
I’m glad your back
It's one banana, Michael. How much could it cost?
Cool   **thumbs up**   XD
Having a bad day eat a salad
Nice, more 3D
This would be sick in vr
There's no better vibe that listening to this at 3:42 am
this is that marketing tactic they use to make you buy more
This song accurately portrays what I feel every time I enter the corner store in my town
This tune makes me feel wistful af
... Was that a Supertramp reference?? Am I hearing things?
POV going to the grocery store as a kid
I can't believe Bill Wurtz makes such an outstanding music about a corner store
I love the vibe that the dum-da-dum-dum-dum parts give off
THAT IS A BRIDGE LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
Will burtz you confuse me at times
2:11 is that a reference to The Logical Song by Supertramp?
He should make songs with real lyrics. he's really good at these tunes.
I just loved this video, I was sad, but now this songs made me happy :,)
Dang he went for like 2 months and now is active as heck
I’m entirely sure that this song is about childhood and nostalgia. Exploring a brand new world(the corner store) because your mom said you were finally old enough to run over there all by yourself like a “big boy”(‘I’m tall and handsome’) and buy some items. This song expresses the feeling of grandeur that a child feels when faced with a fun new experience.
Hi Bill! When will you update your website to have this song? I enjoy using your website to listen to your songs at school as youtube is blocked.
I wanna stay there forever
Yes, i really like the groove
HES BACK
Why the hell does this song feel like an SCP of a store that just never wants you to leave it? Yet being awfully polite about it?  Probably the oddly ominous lyrics of staying forever / minutes endlessly passing due to the day being forever / the store in general taking over every corner of the planet
a duck walked up to the corner store
this man is the definition of Legendary
wow
this is sick
Its like all of his songs combined but mostly got some money. Just shows you how much he's been through and learned. Man's more inspirational than George Washington. Keep it up!
Amazing.
this song is without a doubt
Me when I'm taking a shower, and the artist spirit enters me and makes a song with the first word that came to mind:  Eu quando to tomando banho, e o espírito de artista entra em mim e faz uma música com a primeira palavra que veio na mente:
This is the best ad for a store i’ve ever seen Other store ads take notes
Imagine being so excited to see his new video only to be met with a scale representation of your own neighborhood.  I love this!
Who's gonna make a religion outta this?
All I can think of is the one scene in the raven cycle where Gansey, Ronan, and Noah are at the dollar tree looking through the weird stuff at three in the morning and Noah saying "Glitter!"
The best 3 minutes and 20 seconds of my day.
When I saw the title I thought to myself "The woman running the store"
This gives me eggdog energy
I still cant believe that he is back, I love this unique music
At the corner store
Please nft your stuff!
This man makes the most mundane things magical 🌟.
Imagine he made this at a corner store irl
Wow I feel like this was made specifically for me
"through the rectangular hole in the wall" Bill, thank you for enlightening me to this truth so plainly before me that I never gave the proper attention.                         ya gotta step back from the tree to see the forest maaaannnn.
Help me the "dun-da-dun-dun-dun" part is stuck in my head.
Feels like this was released years ago.
amazing
i can say this can be a store for cornerfolks
It's great thinking of the employee that just stands there thinking "man he really loves this place"
Am I the only one that likes the way he says "Dun-da-dun-dun-dun"?
Man can make a song about anything. Maybe even about a toilet
It's all true I've been inside a corner store
"Dun-da-dun-dun-dun"  My heartbeat matches with that
Sheer size of facepalm and eye roll is undescribable
Best man in history
Yo Bill, I respect your music and your work. I hope that it brings you as much joy making these I get from listening and watching to them :)
High key one of my favourite songs
nice renders of those cars
duck song 2 plot
fever dreams be like:
*continuously slamming the play button* WHY DOES THIS ONLY HAVE 500K VIEWS DAMMIT
It looks like something out of those first 3D animations and I love that
this is the best song ever
I have a feeling that bill hadn't posted for a while because he was either editing (probably more accurate 😅) or was learning how to do cinema 4D (I think 🤣)
That video remings me the memes of youtube Kids
0:53 he rhymed store with store. What a lyrical genius.
Key foods on jersey avenue
this is a whole experience, it doesn't make sense yet somehow it does......?
like 1/3 into the video i became viscerally uncomfortable but i forced myself to keep watching anyway
Corner store brand new world           Welcome to the corner cult
Based and urbanist pilled
brain go brrrrrrr when bill music
inpaindaily
i have an image on my desk that says "do it for bill wurtz"
This is already one of my favorites just because it's such a familiar topic. It feels like a happy, summer day where you go to the store to buy sunscreen or something end up vibing in the store with your friends  Not necessarily a common thing, but it doesn't feel unusual, you know?
i love this so much how much effort does it take to make a song that barely rhymes, at least in the beginning.  also im loving the animation, im so happy he's back :)
Is there an instrumental version?
Going to the Corner Store in my new Honda Accord
Store
I like how he invited us in during the beginning. Highly accurate. Also that animation is hot. He really has improved himself to a better level than when he used visuals and stuff. It also brings back how computer animation was in the 80/90s
Then it closes :( That was my favorite of your videos yet!
dun da dun da dun part is so good
holy hell, this is life changing
This makes less sense than my fever dreams
🫥
As a corner store employee, I will be playing this at work all week
this man’s love for corner stores is truly impressive
Every bill wurtz video is great and they remind me of those AI generated scripts and stories you see online and I love it.
bill is a master at making 3 minutes feel like 30  edit: this is a compliment ._ .
the cgi bussin fam fr fr sheeeeesh
I sall a duck there once
I called (the number on the sign) but you DIDN'T answer :(
Not gonna lie, I kinda do miss the psychidelic effecs your old 2D animations have.  You always make great songs though, your songs should be a top hit.
what is this guy next major project? need more history lesson
Now I'm feeling nostalgic for my London Tesco. I'm tired of the American obsession with megalithic super-marts. Just go in, grab three items and walk out. So nice.
best sitcom opening ever
i love how in bill wurtz videos its just completely random
If i could do this I would
wow, great modeling!
I love how nothing makes sense but at the same time it still does.
THE LEGEND RETURNS
screw you youtube for not notifying me of this
are there grapes?
what's in the corner store
make a song called prism it’ll go like  prism prism prism they’re all around the world prism they’re like polygons but not actually prism prism is good so yeah the end
You are so tall and handsome
This accurately describes my emotions whenever I go to the corner store
i accidentally turned off my phone when it said "if you close your eyes"
its always a fun day when bill posts
The cars look like doorstops but the store and the stuff in it “Chef’s Kiss” _Gorgeous_
At the corner store… 🎶
What's your favourite song? Me: It's complicated...
if only lyric videos these days were so graphic
1:15 This is actually accurate, because most people lose track of time in malls.
I wanna go to the corner store so bad now
i live near a corner store but not *your* corner store
fire video
holla billy
I was just vibin
This video is sponsored by the corner store.
this song motivates me to shop
Bill wurtz's video is the definition of "Never let them know your next move"
Paranoid schizophrenic approves👍🏼
You know this uncommon sudden intense feeling of being lost after the video ends? There must be a word for it.
This song reminds me of the 1975
Wow im gonna visit the corner store everyday now!! i hope its not to expensive...
Nice and cheery! Reminds me to take pride in the smaller things.
i find pleasure in the fact that this person decided to post again
He uploaded and I didn’t notice 😭
Sometimes bill’s videos are stuck between a corner of understanding and not understanding.
Imagine bill wurtz and george collier collab
This feels like the extended intro to a sitcom about a corner store.
*not me and my brother vibing to this song* 😟
can we talk about how realistic the store looks? Like it looks so spot on like that’s a real store
has anyone called the number
prisims
NEW BILL WURTZ FUCK YESS
I dont like this. Make more world history videos.    NOW!!!!
yes
2:26 I honestly think you shoulda just went “at the corner stooooooooore” and ended it there
What a wonderful store in a wonderful song!!
I think bill wurtz is coming out with an album, all of his projects have numbers hidden In them
would u buy from this corner store personally i would and rate it 5 stars
OMG YOURE BACK!!!!
*Jams out aggressively*
yesss
Bill, can you release this on Spotify? I’m serious, I’d be your top listener  The dun-da-dun-dun-dun part is giving me goose bumps
Wow 3d
"Wave hi to the stores going by" Finally some lore for these videos. It all took place on store mountain.
what a nice corner store
OMG HES BACK YES
This looks like my town lol
can you make a backrooms inspired video or series?
This is good
Should I go to the corner store? Sure, why not? I mean after all, I've got some money, got some cash - I'm rich, now I'm sad...  Bill Wurtz? We could make a religion out of him! ^^
man your slow parallax pans are _on point_
oh that feels like this is a song about corner stores of foreign countries for some reason
I mean this song is great but they just ain't the same
This is lit
that's where the duck walked up to!
I never realized I feel emotions at a corner store but I do. Thanks for another banger Bill Wurtz
Since when did u return
This is from 2 days ago? And I just now got a notification?
fantastic animation & fabulous music
Best song #1 Record of the year
Having a corner store that literally just reopened here, I get the staying forever parts. Good guys, good to chat with
I love the absurdity of Bill's music and videos
It kinda feels like Bill is running out of ideas but who cares even the most random songs are a bop.
Banana: 14239$ Can: 99992$ Box: 78196$  Makes sense.
I love how thundercat influenced this sounds
the sequence that starts at 1:57 "hey thats pretty cool" i love that sm
this one goes so hard
Bill, you’re getting really skilled with your animation tools.  Feature length narrative musical experience, when?
I called the number on the front of the corner store and now all the programs on my computer have been replaced with 3D modeling software help
This man is fucking goated
The “dum-da-dum-dum-dum” is SO GOOD
It's been a while since I last watched one of these that I didn't have a good interpretation for
So, is nobody going to say anything about the rent control bit at 2:01?
Can I use this as a national anthem for a bunch of land I have?
This is a top-tier banger
Bill knew we were all sad and in such anguish. He came back when he needed him the most. thank you, Bill
I dub this genre “wurtzialismmelodie” a shortened way of saying “Wurtz existentialism tune”
I like how you used 3d models instead of like the stuff u used to do
This song makes me feel so happy because my mother works at a store, she started working there about +20 years ago so my whole life happened inside there, she was pregnant when she was working there. The store  had a little coffee shop inside and I  remember having a mini house under the table where the employess used to take the orders from clients, and I remember playing hide and seek with the clients. Then I would go out of the coffee shop and start to say "hi!!" to everyone, buy somethings, and then playing with the computers. Happy times :')
Can someone make a bill wurtz game of it :D
I love this new 3D style! Looks pretty cool, although the 2D style I’m used to wasn’t so bad either. And the song is catchy as well.
God has spoken
dun da dun dau dudn audn duan dun udan un da un d au n dua nuad nda udn daun udan duan ud und un dud du dud ud dud ud duh duh du adh wu ash dudhn duhn dun dhun
I have been watching this 100 times this day please help
The quality of this mix is absolutely impeccable
Hey, I dont like your music 🙂🤗👍
POV: you go to B&M
i cant believe im 2 days late
d a n g m
I cannot put my love for this song into words
I love it, thanks
this is what advertising should be
I cant believe I'm this late for this!!! I was listening to Spotify when i noticed you have a new song- for some reason neither Spotify nor YouTube notified me- but all that aside, this is freaking awesome.
This is great thanks
Imagine some corner store out there really uses this as its bg music
Incredible as always! Love your stuff :)
this is truly inspirational
Damn this really feels like another step up. Great video
why the hell do I like Bill's music so much? It is all bizarre and ridiculous, but at the same time makes sense and is just pleasant.
Every time I’m in the comments I expect it to say a year ago at least but now your finally back
Next time I'm at the corner store I'll think of this. Thanks Bill.
As always, impressive. You are great.
Bomb ass backing track, those drums?? Straight fire
This is EXACTLY what passes through your brain if you're really high at a corner store.
Its soooo random but thats what makes it so good
Love how you made some sentences go backwards
i want to know what the fuck this means, i like the music, and its just a mystery. I think thats a part of the intruege for some people. Keep up the amazing work man!
Now for a 3D remake of "history of the entire world, I guess"
What animating software is that
A duck walked up to the corner store and he said to the woman running the store HEY bam bam bam Got any grapes?
This is Key Food Fresh & Natural on Jersey Ave and 3rd Street
ITS THE GUYY I WATCH THIS GUY S VIDEO LIKE 4 YEARS AGOOOO
song about corner store: * ends * the duck: *IM GONNA BUY GRAPES HERE*  if you dont know, this is a reference to duck song 2
2:57 - 3:19
These songs feel like ADHD personified and I love that.
God that was good
I would love to live in this corner store
I actually would listen to this ligit every single day
THE RETURN OF A KING
does this mean anything ?
please make a cover of the "voice of five(russian sbermarket)"
I wonder if someone will ever make a show called “corner store.” And use this audio for the theme song.
Monogatari vibes, anyone??
I've missed you, Bill.
I think he likes corner stores but i cant tell
These high energy songs about the wonder of mundane things is very Talking Heads
why'd i find this calming?  i need to see my therapist, clearly.
I think that bill might be trapped in a corner store and this is his way of saying that
*do you think this store, do you think this store, do you think this store, got any **_lemonade?_*
Wow this song slaps. Lyrics:  [Verse 1] At the corner store It's the corner of a brand new world You can go in there Just to know what it feels like It's open And you're goin' in, oh, and you know you can Hoping You can stay there forever    [Pre-Chorus] Dun-da-dun-dun-dun I'm tall and handsome Dun-da-dun-dun-dun And I'm dancing on the floor   [Chorus] At the corner store We go all around the world Then it closes    [Verse 2] At the corner store It's like no other store you've been in before But now you're here And you feel these emotions If you close your eyes You can watch the minutes of each day going by But in the store, you'll find The day lasts forever    [Pre-Chorus] Dun-da-dun-dun-dun I call and you'll answer Dum-da-dum-dum-dum And we'll dance through the door    [Chorus] At the corner store We'll go all around the world 'Til it closes   [Bridge 1] And the store is opening You can go through the door Through that rectangular hole in the wall    [Bridge 2] That's pretty cool Hell, that's pretty good Tell that to the whole damn neighborhood And all the people go, "Damn" Hell, that's pretty weird, but it seems so logical So sensible (Ooh) Save that for the screen Save that for the cover Of a brand new magazine with twenty seven pages All over the floor Where everyone can read them    [Verse 3] At the corner store Up at the corner of a brand new world It's right here At a brand new location You can go outside And wave "hi" to all the other stores going by Then one day We will all be together   [Pre-Chorus] Dun-da-dun-dun-dun When you call, I'll answer Dun-da-dun-dun-dun And I'm dancing on the wall  [Outro]   At the corner store You remember who you are Then it slips away Then remember more At the corner store We go all around the world Then it closes  (From Genius lol)
This song just makes lag lol but iuts good
ngl this song really slaps
Anyone else love the parts at 2:06 and 2:13 where the first beat is 'suspended' before carrying on?
I like your 3-D
Reminds me of Katamari
This is a certifiable banger.
I just ran a marathon this morning while finishing up an audiobook on "the courage to be disliked" and about to go to bed so I can take my 2 yo son to Disneyland tomorrow, but seeing this pop up in my feed and watching it put a smile on my face and made me feel like a teen again.  I remember when his Japan history video made me go down the rabbit hole and learn more than I ever knew existed about Japanese history.
my man must have had a spiritual moment at his local grocer's
Let’s goooooo
this was only about a store, but it felt so peaceful and nostalgic. like pbs music.
The whole dangm neigh boor hood
is thos
Definitely my favorite one he’s made, except for maybe mount st helens but I love this one
I really appreciate the continuity of having the MASSIVE $5 price tags along the walls of the buildings still at the very end, that's how you know this is high quality content, thank you Billy Bob Wurtzerino, good shit
woah his music video has evolved to a completely 3d modeled scene
i love this, thanks for sharing it
Man this song is so good.  But that one line that keeps teasing you with a hook.  "At the corner store.  We’ll go all around the world" but then it ends so abruptly "‘Til it closes"  Then you get just a taste of a bit more at the end  "At the corner store You remember who you are Then it slips away Then remember more At the corner store We go all around the world" and I'm just itching for more, but it's not there.   I just want to sing out a fun joyous tune using all of my voice, and go on for a little bit.   But I guess it does still hook me, since I keep listening over and over, since I can't be satisfied.   I can appreciate it for what it is, though. What a cool tune.
:)
This is a romantic comedy.
wow i’ve never heard this cover of Freeze Your Brain before
wow that was incredible, love the bridge on this one.
It’s sad that bill’s newer songs aren’t getting as much views, but i doubt he is doing it for the views
James 3:10 From the same mouth come blessing and cursing. My brothers, these things ought not to be so. (Also Jesus is king God is king.)
Hi I'm Steve part 2
Damn bill wurtz was already great and then he went to the 3rd dimension
babe wake up bill wurtz dropped a new jam
woah. a bill wurtz video without the millions of views. a true sight.
Im happy hes posting more
Got any grapes?
Noice
The duck song 2
This feels like a Phineas and Ferb song and I love it
Really great visuals!! I like this song too
Duck? Https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=7jjcAueyW9N
this video is better viewed in fullscreen with headphones on. i felt like i was in the corner store.
boris yeltsin visiting america like
69K like
Anyone got video game recommendations based on the style of this video? It feels very nice and retro.
I'm lovin this new Wurtzwave aesthetic!
Ok this is just- Really, really good- I don't even know what to say except that it's really good and I'm so glad bill wartz is back-
Life is just a store between the corner of now and then, and then it closes.
2:25 the poor worker that had to clean that up.
If I owned a corner store, I would be beggin you for permission to use this. This was fire! 🔥
This was a fun one :D
Hot damn this is my new favorite Billy Wertzle song
What’s the phone number leading to?
at first glance, i got duck song vibes: "and the duck walked up to the CORNER STORE"
Ngl this is like a awakening/discovery kind of feeling, anyone else?
All of his videos r so random. I love it
My sisters: *”LETS GO SHOPPING FOR CLOTHESSSSSSS”* Me:
Legitimately one of the most catchy things Bill's ever written. And that's saying something!!
Dangm… apartments for $5…
To me it feels like Bill is both at the brink of insanity, yet perfectly controlled at the same time.
Copious amounts of crack
This song as an SCP file. (And yes, I wrote all of this.)  "The Corner Store of Spacetime" Item #: SCP-XXXX Object Class: Keter Special Containment Procedures: SCP-XXXX cannot be contained. It is currently under surveillance from Team A-6. Personnel are to refrain from entering the structure or touching its frontal shudder without proper clearance from Team A-6. Any new types of items found within the structure are to be reported to Team A-6, as well as [redacted]. Description: SCP-XXXX is a corner store located in [redacted]. Though it is not owned by anyone and contains no employees, items are regularly restocked outside of its business hours. It is a rectangular structure bearing a sign reading "Welcome to the store," with a right triangle between the two latter words. Its front wall features a large black shutter that can extend to cover its entire front face. Doing so will make the sky appear as it did approximately three hours earlier in the day, though the true position of the earth and sun remain unaffected. SCP-XXXX has two front doors; one is exclusively an entrance, the other an exit. It seems that everyone who enters SCP-XXXX views a different location when looking out of its windows. This is usually a place that exists on earth. Exiting through the entrance door results in instantly traveling to that location, creating a new copy of SCP-XXXX. Other nearly identical stores have been seen traveling through the air when this happens. Some believe that this suggests that there exists an extradimensional hopper of stores, being dispensed individually with each new appearance. Perhaps once all of them can finally be together, [censored for ethics and privacy]. It seems that time within SCP-XXXX moves independently to time outside. Several experiments have confirmed this to be true. This has yet to be tested while the structure is closed. Individuals who have closed their eyes within the structure have reported seeing anywhere between three and six instances of SCP-XXXX-1. SCP-XXXX-1 is a hallucinated image of a clock that moves in accordance with the wishes of the viewer. It also seems that, if the viewer envisions an instance of SCP-XXXX-1 increasing or decreasing in speed, their experience of the flow of time will alter accordingly. There have also been reports of sudden recovery of lost memories when one or more days have been passed by via the use of SCP-XXXX-1. Editor's note: Our secret is no longer safe. Bill Wurtz knows, and he's going to let the world know as well. I want you to do whatever it takes to [redacted].
Do you think you put 300 hours into this
The amount of effort that went into this video is flipping insane.
My friend: What type of music do you listen to? Me: Well it’s complicated
My guy 3D modeled an entire Kroger for this video
is this surrealism in music form?
The video reminded me of some Disney - movies lmao
The store looks similar to the Key Foods store in Jersey City.
Poggers non based legit
I hear there have been some good discounts recently.
Just saw this really nice, due to what is happening with my cat.
dangm.
PS maybe you need a story. but i mean a real story. not a song-like story.
I'm confused. I've been watching you for a long long time, way before you "became famous" on the internet and I loved all your short videos and when you got all the attention after "The histories of" 1 and 2 I was so happy to see all the glory you deserved but for some time when I see you posted a new video I'm like "do I really want to see it?" but I click of course and then I hear your high voice and the music and the lyrics and... sorry for that but I feel nothing. I like the music and the lyrics and the animation but I just can't enjoy it anymore after all these years. My brain is like "yeap, that's bill. mhm, oh, bill, dear bill wurtz. yeap, it's hiiiim, I can hear it. yes I can and I do hear it. ok are we done here? nope? fine, I'll keep listening". And it's sad, like really really sad for me. I hope you can understand this messy comment because I realy like you.
That corner store looks so cosy, I wish I could go there
The corner store and you can go through the door!
Would really like to see an eggdog collab.
I now want to visit a corner store
This video changed how I think about urban stores.
Aw yiss Bill. This vibrates really well. You should be proud.
It's true, anytime I'm in a store, time does seem like it goes on forever 😩
I would love to visit the corner store that this was inspired by!!
Your work is amazing. Your songs always provoke emotional stories for me.
3:04 I think this is the first time we've heard Bill Wurtz do IV-I-V-vi and it's glorious
I need a Bill Wurtz musical where all of his songs are combined into an esoteric collage
Didn’t the duck go to the corner store? 🤨
All these songs just have to end up on an album, please
How did Mr Wurtz make such a perfect video song about the corner store on my own dang corner? You know, the one I go to for chicken tenders and medicine and to stare at the beer until the urge to relapse goes away?
A magazine can't have 27 pages and that's the only thing here driving me insane.
I tried to count if there were 27 pages all over the floor
When the world needed him most HE RETURNED
Butter
I'm still not used to bill making music for music sake  I expected the corner store to sell corners.
This is SO aesthetic
wake up babe new bill wurtz
'i'm tall and handsome' hell yeah u are
I used to like bill wurtz but this is just bad
Literally nobody every thought this while going into a cornerstore.  _But._ That was fire.
This is like if the Backrooms is somehow learning about the wonders of a corner store while its consciousness leaked into the internet, and then made its own music about it and will show this mv in an infinite loop to any trapped humans that got to a showcasing room or something
pov: its secondary school and you have a fiver
Corner store!1!1!1!1!1
HE IS BACK
you can make a religion out of this
W T F
every song he makes feels like a fever dream.
So freaking funky I feel like my brain's got hips... and it's shaking 'em!
i dunno why but this reminds me of that one dementia video i always stumble upon for whatever reason
This is the best one from the new bunch
as musician I can confirm this sounds like a great song!
Very expensive
i love corner corner stores oh my god
:) you make awesome vids. Thanks for being on YouTube :)
What to find at the corner store....
Woah
This looks exactly like the Key Foods in downtown Jersey City.
What
I'm going to the corner store now
The line, "but in the store you'll find that the day lasts forever" brought me back to my childhood when I had to go into the corner store with my mom for one thing and ended up staying for hours because she kept remembering things we needed.
I was in that *exact store* while this video was being filmed
I work in a corner store and this song makes me so happy
I could just listen to your voice all day lol, I really love your videos they're both educational and a work of art! 😁
My Go-To store during "lockdown." Key Foods Jersey City!
Katamari
DAMNNN
amazing
People: You can not make a good song about a normal store,... Bill Wurtz: *How 'bout I do anyway*
Does someone know what happens if you call the telephone number?
dangm
The corner store didn't have a single corner for sale, I'm very disappointed by this flagrant false advertising.
would the 27 pages happen to be a weird al reference
This man is starting to get really consistent with his videos, AND I LOVE IT.
Is this a cry for help, Bill?
Why did the first thing that came to mind was "the duck walked to the corner store"
The 3d stepped up
The 📐 store
This brings me joy.
This is literally one the best songs i’ve ever heard in my entire life
bill wurtz posting again no way :0
Ok so the art style here makes it clear to me that Bill needs to work on the soundtrack to the next katamari game (which needs to happen). Maybe work on the art as well
Yay he upload
Bill’s music is what an American Katamari Damacy soundtrack would sound like.
why is he
He may not be able to make a religion out of anything but he sure as hell can make a song out of ANYTHING!
dun-da-dun-dun-dun :D
at the corner of the store
im starting to think i havent had the real corner store experience 🤨
This one must've taken so much time with the 3-d aspect. Looks incredible, props bro.
You've really got life all figured out, don't'cha Bill...
I’ve got the feeling that Bill had a great time at a corner store
Just wait till a certain grape loving duck invades it
The 3:04 chorus gives my life.
I love the corner store :)
Hope you’re doing well these days, Billiam ✨ remember to drink plenty of water from your local corner store!!
Now I’m wondering how much time this took.
Hello welcome to Walmart how may I take your service
Best animation so far. Great job
That’s 100% key foods in Jersey City.
thank you <3
I love it
It’s feels like a PlayStation 2 Game
All of Bill's songs feel like they could last forever and i don't know what that means but it can't be a bad thing
Why is this so good?
Babe wake up, new Bill Wurtz video just dropped
I feel like you and jack stauber make similar music
you can make a religion out of this
W̳h̳e̳t̳h̳e̳r̳ a̳ p̳e̳r̳s̳o̳n̳ i̳s̳ g̳o̳i̳n̳g̳ t̳h̳r̳o̳u̳g̳h̳ a̳ m̳a̳j̳o̳r̳ p̳r̳o̳b̳l̳e̳m̳ i̳n̳ h̳i̳s̳/̳h̳e̳r̳ l̳i̳f̳e̳ o̳r̳ m̳e̳r̳e̳l̳y̳ l̳o̳s̳i̳n̳g̳ c̳o̳n̳f̳i̳d̳e̳n̳c̳e̳ i̳n̳ h̳i̳m̳s̳e̳l̳f̳/̳h̳e̳r̳s̳e̳l̳f̳,̳ s̳i̳n̳c̳e̳r̳e̳ y̳e̳t̳ s̳t̳r̳a̳i̳g̳h̳t̳f̳o̳r̳w̳a̳r̳d̳ a̳n̳d̳ u̳p̳l̳i̳f̳t̳i̳n̳g̳ w̳o̳r̳d̳s̳ o̳f̳ e̳n̳c̳o̳u̳r̳a̳g̳e̳m̳e̳n̳t̳ w̳i̳l̳l̳ u̳n̳d̳o̳u̳b̳t̳e̳d̳l̳y̳ i̳m̳p̳r̳o̳v̳e̳ a̳n̳y̳o̳n̳e̳’̳s̳ p̳e̳r̳s̳p̳e̳c̳t̳i̳v̳e̳ i̳n̳ l̳i̳f̳e̳.̳
Bill Wurtz did not have a rough transition to 3D.
The ideas for the music video are so wonderful.
I really felt it when he said dun da dun dun dun
Now that he has conquered the 3rd Dimensions I can't wait for Bill to go above and beyond in to the 4th Dimension and break really.
صقتاش 🎉🎉ش
I want a Bill Wurtz musical so badly
I love Bill Wurtz's videos because of all the detail put in to them. There is so much attention put in to everything. I could watch this video 100 times and each time I bet I would find something new.
This is different from anything else bill has made
Lets go new vid :D also 444k views
That's not a corner store that's a full-fledged supermarket😅
it’s so weird and I like it
The amount of work put into this video, to look like the way it is, is blowing my mind...
I want this played at my funeral.
What did I just watch?! Loved it
I love this. That's all.
Corner store
GAH DAMN I DONT THINK BILL HAS MADE A SINGLE BAD SONG
In my opinion, this is the best thing you've done since before your long break.  And the video is next level.  Love it! 😍
5.1685kth!
this has big "what if we danced together in the corner store soup isle?" energy
This makes we want to go to the corner store.
That was amazing as always, thanks you
Another masterpiece
This is what I imagine England is like
he really just turned the transcript of a dream into a song
continues to strike with the quality, this time in an evolved virtual interior
excellent, been enjoying your music for years, love how your sound has evolved during all that time.
He's too small for the mall, but is tall and handsome for the corner store.
Catchiest song of the new era.
This looks so fun and amazing, This is very surreal, This masterpiece carried us in the most simple and fun way, This is sure a fun ride, Good luck with your 3D Animations!
the ending makes me sad :(
At this point I think the music is a just an excuse to show your crazy 3D modeling skills, and I'm all for it
This guy just put Vaporwave to a brand new world
If you wonder why he like so much corner store it is because he his too small for the mall
Bill Wurtz and the Multiverse of Corner Stores
They finally let him go in the mall cuz he's not just too small.
I thought of that one micheal jackson music video  since I watched it recently
he talks about how great the corner store is and then suddenly proceeds to boast his height and attractiveness
the moment i saw "corner store" i instantly thought of the duck song 2
This made my day better...and trust me, my day was extremely stressful.
I feel like this was inspired by the POV of a toddler. Either that or I’ve been watching too much “old enough “ on Netflix
YES
no wonder everyone likes the corner store, everything is 5$
your 3d animation has improved insanely
Dangm, this is a great song.
wow
pog
The timing for this to be released on 4/20...
I feel like this is what it's like trying to understand a 4d being
I've never been more excited to go to 711
facts
the funniest thing is that some how this on the top 50 for trending
Why is the corner store?
😀👍
that's a really nice corner store
DANGM
Something tells me Bill's computer has 1TB of RAM to do all of these visuals.
this took me on a journey
This is definitely a model of Key Food Fresh & Natural in Jersey City. Look it up, everything is identical. At 1:23, you can even spot “Luck O Mat” on the other side of the street, which is named “Lucky Laundromat” in real life.
Anyone call the phone number yet?
Why 3d?
this new The 1975 single goes hard.
nice store
My eyes are turning too, Quark-man
He's back
Yep
the power this man holds
dangm
I got Recommended this…
Fantastic, I also go to the local corner store to solve my existential crises :D
I would have never thought of it that way
store
Legit the first time i've ever heard of this man was in his "history of the world, i guess" vid.
But like, WHY IT SUCH GOOD SONG!? ITS ABOUT FLIPPING CORNER STORES AND OTHER PHILOSOPHICAL *NONSENSE!* This man has achieved what all gods and idols real or fake all believed impossible!
Can I use the Easter Bunny's Dump Truck Coupons at this corner store?
Yes
Yo #50 on trending. Good job friend
Yooooo a new bill song :D
This one has a special kinda feel!  "Tell that to the whole-damn-neigh-bour-hood" has such a good groove to it! Also love the bit at the end about forgetting and remembering, i keep wanting to hear it again ^^
the corner store was very epic thanks bill wurtz
where am I
I love you  corner  .
Ah the years of urban vagrancy I remember the corner stores fondly. Thank you to all the 7-11 employees that let me have a soda when I was short on money! Corner store peeps some of the few people that homeless can interact with sometimes!
How do you even come up with this
I would pay my entire life's savings to be able to access the model of that corner store.
Wow this is his best video ever the animation is great
and the duck walked up to the corner store
I don't know why, but that last part reminds me of that Japanese store where Michaelsoft Binbows used to be.
Nobody: Literally not any persons living or dead: Musicals:
:)
as much as i love listening to bill's music on its own, you lose such a huge piece of it when you take away all the animation
Whenever I see a store or something, a lot of the time I wonder what it feels like inside, because a lot of places have different vibes to them
truc de DINGUE 🔥  Force à vous  💪🏼
This feels like an AI wrote this entire song
The 3-D models remind me of an app I used to use for math at school when I was in 4th grade. It was called “Sumdog”
2:26 WHAT IS THAT??? It’s like, a ringtone or something I swear, I can’t place what it’s from though! Plz help me out 😂
Someone notify Charles Cornell immediately
This has quickly become one of my favourite bill wurtz songs
i see the graphics are going foreword a few years
There were two corner stores near my high school, and we used to walk to either of them after school to get snacks and hang out. Some of my favorite memories involve those two lovely little stores. This song makes me feel nostalgic for that time.
I literally just lost 5,000,000 brian cells watching this and this hurts my head
damn it bill you keep outdoing yourself!
Where's the part with the duck?
This video was uploaded on my birthday
Awesome Job Bill Wurtz Keep Up The Good Work
Bro I hope you never stop making songs this shit makes me so happy it got me through quarantine
Dum-Da-Dum-Dum-Dum
Bill Wurtz' ability to construct a song in the way that the human brain casually processes information and conversation will never cease to amaze me.
jd from heathers would love this song
thank you bill 👍
This is like if the CIA paid the guys that make the bowling alley animations to make media full of subliminal messages meant to turn everyday people into sleeper agents.
Wtf am I watching? I thought this was a south park recommendation.
Moments like these make me love the internet
Nice cgi!
Aye bill is back
He just never misses.
This song is g̷̰̠̒͛̇̚r̶̜͓̰̭̃̔͂̔ẻ̴̡͇̖̱̻̺̇͛͒͜͠͝ạ̵̻̇́̈́̔̅̏͝t̵̡̩̞̥̫͎̝̋͆͑̌̌̊.
dangm this is good
so true you never miss
I've been having trouble finding a person for mushrooms can you dm me?
MM  STIM TIME
This is exactly what i needed today, thank you.
He's evolving...
YAY UR BACK
The king of making songs that make no sense, but still slaps
I'm high asf and this was a bop
It is now my mission to create a corner store that looks like this and has some of the lyrics written on the walls
I decided to do a chordal analysis of this song. How'd I do? ((Bsus2,4 BM) x4 (F#m AM) x2 F#M(!) AM DM7add9 (rest) EM7add9) x2 freestyle in F#M and BM vamp, (DM AM F#m EM (rest) DM AM EM) x2 (Bsus4 BM) x4 (F#m AM) x2 DM AM EM F#m DM AM F#m EM DM AM DMm7 F#m Bm7add9
It’s incredible seeing how your animation has evolved compared to previous videos.
“WhEn ThE woLrD nEEdeD hiM mOSt”
Everything about this is just... wonderful.
Is this a comment on the metaverse or something lol
New lore
Here at 387,825 views.
Boys! Awaken from thy slumber! A new bill wurtz just dropped!
this looks like a early 2000s driver’s education video
At the corner store
Soooo many good transitions
I can't believe he's getting even better
Beautiful
this makes me want to go to a corner store
Nice 3D animation
Dangm, that chorus was great!
W-what d-d-did I j-ju-just wa-watch
bill wurtz isn't actually real. he's a dmt fractalization in hyperspace.
This song gives off Omegamart energy. A teleporting, amazing store that everyone is suddenly obsessed with sounds like an Omegamart staple
where the fuck are these all coming from
"You can go in there just to see what it feels like"  I relate to this a ton.  Ever just see some random place and just think I gotta get in there? That's me
Why is bill so fucking good.
No missing. All hits.
I wish there was a store at my corner
You did good YouTube algorithm. You did good.
C O R N E R   S T O R E. 0 _ 0
bill wurtz
This reminds me of David Byrne.
its brilliant
Timestamps for my favorite part 0:00 - 3:20
why do i get a feeling he really likes the corner store
BABE WAKE UP BILL WURTZ POSTED!!!
When you study to get a perfect score on your drug test.
I’m convinced he’s just making bops to have an excuse to learn more animation. Just wait til he decides to learn texturing!
Can I?
The meaning is so profound you go into the corner store and uh   dun-da-dun-dun-dun
bill wurtz ma man using the correct spelling of neighbourhood nicee
It will never cease to amaze me how this person can capture my feelings so accurately. It inspires me to write my own complex thoughts down in the same way, simplistic yet complex. I used to be worried people would just think I'm spouting nonsense, but others watching these and enjoying them makes me think there's hope.
It's a good day when bill is here.
YOU POSTEDDDDD also nice vid
these animations just keep gettng better n better
If this was an ad I wouldn't skip it.
I want to play this game so badly 😭😭😭
His greatest hit since “Barf on Me.”
This is my brain at 4AM
Damn cool
The duck in the second song:
no ones talking about the prices at the register  like a box is $78196 and a can is $99992
Seems like he is nostalgic about the socio-economic shift towards web-based shopping.
the part at 1:37 sounds so squiggly and I love it
man, i know he’s been back for a while now, but it’s really nice to have him back. these simple little songs make me smile so damn much.
wewe
Cool song, i love it
Easily the best song about a corner store I've ever heard and I can't imagine anything could top it.
0:01 The metaverse begins
I'm gonna be honest, at the beginning of the song I, truly, thought to myself "Man... Bill's songs are starting to blend together and sound the same..."  Then I got hit with the groovy ass jaunt at 1:36 and I was praising 'ol Bill once again :)
💫the corner store💫       The best song I've ever heard tbh
Ah. Bill Wurtz is Blank Banshee.  Got it.
Beautiful world building!
THE LEGEND IS BACK
His style would be pretty cool with him experimenting with more horror themes
this makes me appreciate the local corner store even more
Oh look at mr ‘ I’ve transcended reality and escaped my 2 dimensional prison into a realm of 3 dimensional space’ over here !
Are any of your songs on Spotify?
thznk you
Every corner store should have this playing on their speakers.
For some reason this gives me a hole lot of anxiety
corner store
He said he was done. He said he would make no more of these.  And yetd
somehow each new song has even higher production quality, and I am never not impressed at how good it looks
Its always a brand new day when I hear bill wurtz has a new video.
Omg it's amazing
Thank you Bill
I want to visit this store in VRChat
bill wurtz reminds me of a more upbeat jack stauber.. or vice versa
I have nothing insightful to say about this. I adore it. That's all.
Why is this so good??! Wtf
Only bill wurtz could envision a universe with the aesthetics of 1989 but the prices of 2023.
bill never misses
I'm getting strong mid-80s Rush vibes from this. A lot of their songs from that era were upbeat and cheery, with all these complex melodic flourishes (especially synth "jungle drums"), and frequently about silly and whimsical topics like this.
This is legit catchy
as a corner store employee and a corner store appreciater, i like this :)
That "dun-da-dun-dun-dun" hits different
Did someone try and call the number on the store sign?
why is this such a banger tho
sponserd by the corner store
Bill, I just want to thank you for sharing your creativity. I discovered and subscribed to your channel when you didn't really upload anymore. I thought you'd be one of those amazing youtubers that somehow lost the passion. I'm glad to be proven wrong with your recent uploads, just outstanding stuff. I love your work, it's just fantastic! I just did the dishes while jamming to your tunes, can't believe how good of a mood I had during and after cleaning, thanks!
More history please
The last twenty seconds were absolute art.
plot twist: this is actually a commercial/propaganda video from an alternate reality where there's one megacorporation controlling everything, and they're simply called "store"
what a hit
is it just me or when he says “dun-da-dun-dun-dun” the best part?
Baum baum baum, bada baum, a duck walked up to the corner store...
wow! you can go through the door!?
got any grapes?
This was amazing. I loved the details aaah
E
This video really shows how thin the line between comedy and horror is because I felt like I walked into an absurdist comedy that slowly turned into an existential, psychological thriller
I dont like this song but i appreciate very much that it exists
lovely ♥️
bill wurtz and jack stauber have similar vibes i feel
I'm a simple
Like @MochaFox said, this is deadass the Keyfood neighborhood where we live. Are you in Jersey City, NJ, Mr. Wurtz?
Bill 100% got the idea for this at a corner store
yo the polygon count increased
K, where's the duck
Bill here's famous for making songs that make no sense. When I saw the title of this song, I thought "oh hey, that'll make sense"   Fortunately, I was wrong.
Like the wallmart episode from south park. Shhh
He bacc
wat
I've never wanted to go to a corner store so much
First letter I hear and I’m smiling
I went to the nearest corner store today where my house was in a few metres away from it and I show this full video to the cashier and he was so happy :D
Hello
omg Bill has reached 1995.
I feel like some people are trying desperately to use every connection to find out this is a metaphor for something or other and my brain just be like *”dun—dun-da-dun-dun”*
a video by bill wurtz with an animation that makes sense? impossible
it appears bill made a video without smoking weed
Then it closes
What I got from this  Is that Bill likes corner stores... Which, you know, valid Xb
Ikea
Nais
HEY  bill wurtz COME TO BRAZIL
That is the most detailed, yet low detailed store I've ever laid eyes on.  I love it.
This is such a jam as always! The “dun-da-dun-dun-dun” makes me feel a feeling!
If this was an ad for an actual store chain, you would have convinced me to go there
the corner store is music, and the outside world is everything else
bill!
This was fast
The last 20 seconds has something truly special. I would wish for a 3 minute song with variations of that melody, beat and vocals.
is it just me or does this bop feel more coherent than usual
So a duck walked up to a corner store…
I can't get enough of this song.
Now is it 27 double-sided pages or single-sided? That would be interesting if it were 13.5 pieces of paper with one side simply nothingness.
Bill... On the 21st century top hidden artists list
can't wait for that day we are together
This is really impressive animation
The only notification that makes me freak out when I see it. Never stop dude. You’re a god damn gem.
this is actually what it feels like to go shopping??? like you go in the store and browse around and suddenly **BAM** it's late afternoon and the store is closing. how
id like to think that the store quickly opening and closing is inspired by those hot milk memes
$5
I was so worried about you and then you finally post a video :)
Like the new 3d style
did bill wurtz learn 3D asset creation and animation to make this? it's pretty impressive
the duck walked up to the corner store and he said to the woman running the store
I wish I had a corner store, nearby somewhere. All I got are gas stations, it's not the same.
such random subjectmatter to make a song about.   I do miss the silly humor from "the history of everything I guess" that's pretty legendary stuff.
This is just incredible
The guitars/keyboards are crazyyy
is it just me or was this a bit emotional…..
everybody gangsta till the corner store closes
this is an instant corner store classic
i'm not goin in there bill. good advertisement though
7/11’s stock just skyrocketed.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've been bill-wurtzed.
Damn nice
Bill Wurtz is the only channel I use the notification bell for
People from new York explaining bodegas
Is it just me or would an album by bill be amazing
Y’know what I need in my life? A collaboration between bill wurtz and Jack stauber, cause I just realized it would be legendary. They just give off some similar vibes.
Transcendent
When I'm high at the 7/11
I like the endings of his recent songs, they're so abrupt
Ik like this new style
Howdy.
I would be really scared if I were in a store and then 3D random words just popped out of the floor.
I was half expecting a shopping trolley with a M2 Browning Heavy Machine Gun and trophy system to protect against an 85 year old loon lobbing a grenade, then running to get the tube to get the 7:15 Eurostar train to France.
Hey Bill Can You Make Another History Video?
2:06 (also 2:02 ) Well I guess it's official, the word is spelled "dangm" now.
every single song is so fresh yet it still says so bill wurtz. i love it all.
collab with jack stauber
bill is in the 3rd dimension
katamari vibes
These songs keep getting better and better
Yes
You should make a video about the future of the world. It should be called (The Future of the World I Think.)
jonathon richman already wrote this.
"But in the corner store you find that the day lasts forever"  [The employees nod in agreement]
oh my god
👏👏👏👏bravo
“hell that’s pretty good” in a song about going to the store?   Bill Wurtz = Jon Bois confirmed
talk about stepping up dimensions sheeshh
:)
Im gæ
Bill has lost his sanity again :/
You go to the corner store then see a customer go: I'm tall and handsome, and I'm dancing on the floor.  What would your reaction be?
IT'S SO GOOD. A NEW BEST SONG FOR BW!
jersey city key food!
damg this corner store has a lot of business for a store on the top of a mountain
Never would I ever think I would dream of a channel making more history videos over music videos. Goes to show how entertaining Bill's history videos are.
WHY?
this is so random and i love it
thats… amazing
I’m shitting myself because I live a few blocks from the store he modeled this one after, and it’s almost an exact replica
ah, that's where  i left my drugs
Is this what they call an audio-visual trip?
Guys, as nice as the corner store sounds... I can't help but feel like it's a trap. It wants to *corner* you in its "brand new world"...
3:03 play the melody 0.75x  Then play "TheFatRat - Monody" from 0:17 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7xai5u_tnk)  GOTCHA BOI
this is my personal favorite since the "might quit" hiatus
amazing xd
such eye and ear candy
Pog
Beautiful. Just Beautiful
We need to get bill to 10 mil!
this might be my favorite corner store
That was beautiful
Mi piace. Bel sound e bella grafica. È un ottimo lavoro 🤙
The quality of the 3D animation is going up so fast it’s so cool to see the progression
Inspired
This felt like the longest three minutes and 20 seconds of my life.
He's solved music
Hey, what's the name of this game? How do you play it?
This song made me feel like a 90 degree square
This has the vibe of the starting song to a niche but very amazing musical
This reminds me of Eric Herman.
Then it closes...😢
A duck walked up to a corner store...
Why isn’t Bill as popular as music artists? Bill is defo better than all Popular Music artists out there
Need this to be played in a cornerstore
Wtf bill I just binged on some liminal space content and now this
I'm in love with the dun-da-dun-dun-dun...
This took a weird jump in graphics compared to the old videos is so surreal lmao
Dangm
I absolutely love this, for reasons that are beyond it just being a bop and a good animation that would sound really weird if I typed them out here... just... the coincidental timing of when this video came out is amazing to me xD
You’ve already had a BGA, now join BOF(
gonna start playing this song when my agoraphobia kicks in at my local target
Bill Wurtz could get music on the radio if he made music that made any sense. 1:58 - 2:28 is better than 90% of modern music
another one
As someone who adores corner stores/ convince stores/ gas stations, YES. This is absolutely the perfect vibe of going to the corner store just because you can and you want to Edit: yes i spelled convenience wrong, however i wont fix it because its hilarious when you point it out
I'm not sure why this manages to capture something significant but it does? Does it?
I would totally buy a bill wurtz cd from a corner store.
at the store corner
Nice to take a break from college and politics to listen to Bill.
It just hit me.  Bill Wurtz is basically a modern day Bard. If something exists (or doesn't?), he can make a song out of it
It's always a good day when Bill Wurts uploads
maybe a duck walked up to this one
Now my boyfriend can finally understand why I like going to stores so much!
This is keyfoods where I live - down to the laundromat across the street. You vibing in Jersey City, sir?
Just like roblox, We quit for a while. We get used to the app we quit now.
a duck walked in to a …
I need, I need a song of Jack Stauber and Bill Wurtz so I can die in peace
Bill posted
This song is just amazing, but that little "zhun" noise at the start of the dun-da-dun-dun-dun in the chorus, which is a longer whoosh noise with a camera move at 1:21, is just musical candy for me. I'm not even sure why I like it so much, but it's perfect.
This is the highest degree of realism I've ever seen in a bill wurtz video. I'm  slightly concerned about this 😂
Is this count as liminal space music video??
It's a "corner" store but you can't even buy any corners. What's up with that?
You know what this store is?  ... Family Mart.... No seriously, this how I feel everytime I walked into one, and now I miss them.
We can now make a religion out of this.
I love this thing. It's a new thing. I love it. It's very new and nice!
Ths is art
The long lost Yoylecity
it looks like roblox ._.
Another straight banger from bill wurtz lads
Nice
i want to live in a bill wurtz world. i want to stay there forever
0:26 Hey, uh, anyone try calling the number on the sign? Just curious
imagine a 3d animated history of the world i guess
That's an insanely deep one! 5 being my magical number, I smiled so hard when everything in the store is 5 bucks. of course it's full of symbols and tracks to see a new world, old world and everything in between.
New ttt map just dropped?
the duck walked up to a corner store and he said to the women running the store and said "hey (bum bum bum) got any grapes?"
I was having a bad time, now I'm good
Another *B A N G E R*
Free delivery? That's pretty nice.
I just love how his songs make no sense but so much sense at the same time
The corner store us a backroom.
Bill should make a game idk what it would be about but still
Sup Bill Wurtz
Easter egg for my bf
i love how completely unpredictable bill wurtz' songs are
I like the part where he sings about the corner store.
very happ ur back
This feels like it was ghost written by Omega Mart
This is my brain everyday
“The Bill Wurtz cinematic universe”
I'm a simple man, Bill uploads a video, I come and like it
So Bill finally made a song about Omega Mart.
A new bill wurtz video always brightens my day ^_^
This is actually a bop
omg bill wurtz upload
This is giving me 1990's Amiga Demoscene nostalgia!
IT'S IN 3D NOW?!?!?!? IT'S AWESOME YEAAAAAA
Hey sorry I'm a little late, I got caught up with watching a show
Moving into the third dimension i see.
This music is actually bumping I love it
"Corners" magazine, which contains no corners inside its pages ❤
There's a metaphor here. Not entirely sure what though
So when can we visit Billville in the Metaverse?
it's so charming and i feel like i want to stay there forever
You know when you dont focus, one minute the corner store was on the ground having a great time and then suddenly it was on a mountain waving to other stores going by, i somehow missed something hahah
NOT STATE OF THE ART MUSIC VIDEO! I REPEAT!  NOT STATE OF THE ART MUSIC VIDEO! This is something WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY beyond that. You have created something that goes beyond STATE OF THE ART. What is that you ask? This. If you ever want to talk about something beyond state of art. You will just say: "This is bill wurtz". Congratulations. NOBODY will ever be able to achieve that. Nobody but you.
BILL WURTZ OMG
bill actually made helvetica my favorite font
the corner store is drugs
So glad Bill got that sponsorship
Ayo new video my fav ytbr
how
thanks bill, your videos inspire me to keep pursuing true art.
wat
That's pretty cool
I'm not certain what the metaphor is here but still great composition and next level animation from bill. Keep up the great work dude.
awesome, bill. great work
Turning this on and having a loud ass laugh next time I go grocery shopping and not giving a damn how insane I look
W
Yea but what if the store is circular ?
Thank you, I needed this
Typically American lol
can relate
I literally love my dollar tree by my house. I have gotten to know all the staff. I’ve had some legitimately toxic things happen to me at my youth group and the dollar tree is right next to it. So every time I leave youth group I go into the dollar tree and buy myself a soda and a box of candy and have a delightful chat with the guy who works that shift. This song literally illustrates my corner store.
2:16 this took a weird turn, but I'm still on board
I love you bill
I really wish you rhymed as much as you did before Here Comes the Sun. Your rhymes here with "tell that to the whole damn neighborhood" and "brand new magazine" were delicious.
Those last 10 seconds slap harder than any slap that has ever slapped
3:05 that's such a satisfying chord progression
I think this a new favorite of mine. Atypical of your works, this song seems to be more structured instead of having free-form verses that seem to go on and on. I really like the visuals as well, they too seem more thought out than usual. Maybe you're just getting better?
can never get enough of bill's content
Does that phone number work tho?
i love this video
This is my favorite song of yours in quite a while. Love the visuals too. Never quit creating, bill wurtz!
My man can make a song about a corner store and it's still a banger.
I should be working but hell it's a new bill wurtz video, gotta take a break and watch it.
I strongly urge people to visit his website and explore it. It's got a lot of interesting content, and a way to directly ask questions. I think he stopped reading comments ages ago.
0:23 bill: it’s open employee: sir, can you please stop opening and closing the door
Corner stores were great as kids though I never got the chance to go very often
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD COLLAB WITH JACOB COLLIER ALREADY
I love the car model, there's so much shapes and details in it! and i like the "wheels" too!
I hope this song plays on repeat in the corner store.
This was a beautiful way to waste three and a half minutes. Today will be chill now.
That melody at the end is incredible! Part of me wishes more of the song contained it, but I also know it wouldn't have had nearly as much impact if it had been repeated from before.
Incredible and very enjoyable!!
brilliant as always
HOW HAS UPLOADED SO FREQUENTLY? This is also a really good song. Nice job!
I keep expecting some dark twist in the middle of it…but nope, just a song about the corner store. And it’s the best darn corner store in town.
The animation in this one is incredible!!! I don't know how you keep outdoing yourself with every new video but I'm loving it :)
ususally I try to decode his lyrics a bit but I'm just lost here
yeah.. im going in there
Oh yeah
Bill Wurtz and Ben Levin collab when
This feels like a sequel to at the airport terminal
great new material
YOOOO
$5.00 for an apartment.
Babe, wake up! New bill wurtz video!
Im just starting to realize how much bill like the world "world" - i see it in almost every song now...
This is clearly the corner store from the Duck Song
He just really likes corner stores.
My heart jumps every time I see a new upload ☺️ thank you for your existential brilliance
Hehe
when will you go on tour
Is this one of those rare videos where the entirety of the filmmaking is focused on a single place? I mean, there's no consistency is the video compositions for real films because that's realistic. But this video is surreal if you watch it without audio.
this is so good
That closing chorus took this from a 9/10 to a 988777/10
i love to consooom
I'm oddly motivated to go to 7-Eleven all of a sudden.
If this was an add i would be in.
who else took the multiple 5s as an angel number
I think of this as a psychedelic journey through the transition from physical store locations to large eCommerce operations
holy shit i live in the same neighborhood as bill wurtz
Toto x Jacob Collier x Mind's Eye? Here for it.
Man, you could easily repurpose this into a commercial for darn near any store and I bet you'd make good money licensing it out. I know I'd pay for an ad like this.
You’ve been posting a lot of videos lately and none of them fail to be absolute masterpieces
Love
Holy crap. This is JC
you shouldn't be going to the store when you're on that much LSD
What does this mean
I’m sorry but this is utter shite lmao
3:04 💚
At least he's tall and handsome for the corner store because last time he was too small to go to the mall
I particularly love the 5$ sale getting slapped on all the homes. "Hell that's pretty weird, but it seems so logical".  There's three empty homes in the US per homeless person, but housing costs more than it ever should right now. 5$ rent would certainly help!
that was a hell of a trip
The third dimension has treated him well
Not gonna lie, I feel the lyrics don't have the Bill Wurtz quality to them. Maybe it's just me, tho
A NEW VIDEO
A million years from now they'll wander upon this and it will be studied with explanations unavailable bc they don't know it was for fucks
i love how unoffensive Bill’s work is. like how can anyone get upset with this
2022 is the year of the wurtz
Bill wurtz is a better blender user than I am. Not sure if I'm surprised or not.
This is a comment for the algorithm!
Another vodeooooo
This makes me so happy :D
Another banger from this man!
any day with new bill wurtz is a good day
really catchy song! Animation is fun too!!
You are amazing. I would love to make music like this, AND then you also did the video. A..Mazing.
Lol
So damn catchy! I'm positive this song will pop into my head EVERY time I walk into my local corner store...
i love the aesthetic of this
So cool!!! Love the new animation style!
I’m 98% positive this is modeled after the Key Food by my apartment
Think it's like a critique of consumerism or something
why is everything so dumb and stupid
Anyone else notice how the price tags are all $5 but the actual price of a Can is $99,992; a Banana is $14,239; and a Box is both $78,196 and $22,222?
It is actually impossible for a magazine to have 27 pages... that's pretty weird, but so logical and so sensible.
Me going to CVS for the first time as a kid.
I mean who can't argue that this is exactly how it all works... figuratively that is...
Bill wurtz is everything i want to be
Oh the "dum dudum dum dum" parts are amazing!
Dun da dun dun dun
Yes, you are tall and handsome (:
Not anymore there’s a blanket
10/10
Bills music is always a banger, but it's also a fever dream.   You can't deny it.
Bop as always
chorus key change goes dummy
I wasnt really sold on this whole 3D thing. But this is amazing im now convinced
every time i go to the store for the groceries *i feel these emotions*
Is this what slam poetry is supposed to be like?
BOYS BACK :D
Nice roblox free model. Where da link at?
Unreal engine 5 is really showing it's capabilities
He's back again
i like how bill wurtz is Bassicaly still the same
What is this? Roblox Retail Tycoon?
Thats going into the playlist
Damm i miss the old 2D style but 3D look so much cooler
:)
This song is legitimately an absolute banger though and amazing animation as always :) I also think the lyrics are just so wild you can always find your own way to understand them, so you can ask anyone and theyll probably have a different version of what they think it means. This is why i love all of Bill Wurtz's songs.
Dude seriously said 'no global illumination or ambient occlusion'
That's a CVS
Pog
This is one of the most random and greatest things I’ve ever watched
The FUCKING music has absolutely NO business being that amazing. What is this?!? Like are those polyrhythms?!
If South Park changed their animators...
Ah bill, I worry about your mental health sometimes but at the same time I think it's just you bein yourself :)
WOO ANOTHER BILL WURTZ CONTENT
THE KING. HE HATH SPOKEN
tell me this isnt a commercial
I am so tired of this blatant advertising for the corner store.
I love seeing you expand your horizons in terms of visuals. This is top notch stuff. This is also IMO one of your very best songs to date.
History vids when?
corner store
YEA NEW UPLOAD
this is so raw
i had never seen any of bill wurtz's videos, but now im glad youtube recommended this to me !!
Are we sure Bill Wurtz isn't an SCP?
at the corner store and i forgot what i came here for
Sir please stop tearing up the magazines
Best birthday present I could've gotten
I don't think it was the objective to create a horror scene in my mind with a seemingly simple corner store that is actually endless where time literally doesn't move the same. But it did, and now I'm imagining being lost inside a small store for 10 minuets but it was actually 46 years. Edit: I'm imaging the infinite Ikea, that's what this reminds me of
2:05 And all the people go…      *_dangm._*
Hi your in a corner store in a city, pretty cool huh
Somebody must recreate the corner store in real life
ok but can we talk about how the hours on the clock were going the wrong way????
This happens to me when I go to ‘farmacity’ here in Argentina or the chinese bazaars.
yet another awesome video by bill wurtz
Banana: $14239 Accurate.
Today is a good day.
It seems like everyday Bill Wurtz grows in power. He’s creating vast new and detailed worlds and it’s stunning. His music and ditties have always been phenomenal. Great job Wurtz, great job.
That's some awesome animation! Thank you Bill.
dum-da-dum-dum-dum
My favorite song is about a corner store.
It feels like the backrooms
very nice!
I work in a corner store, and I can confirm: it's always been today. I think... I think I'll never get my pay.
God this guy has one of the most calm voices ever
Jokes aside, it's a really good song song.
Imagine a god damn GAME where you can walk around an Bill Wurtz-themed town and enter a store like that  I'd pay GOOD MONEY for that
Ads on Bill's videos?
first
Thanks for writing music Bill
THE LEGEND IS BACK
As an Asian woman who move to America just the last year, this is very very disturbing to me. The sign on the store looks like it says the slant store, not the corner store. Making fun of the Asian Americans communities is not funny at all since everyone seems to think we have the slanted eyes which is based in the false white narrative by the colonialists of the western world. Please shut this down. Thank you.
great song!
Bill is obsessed with corner stores, change my mind
Hey another bill wurtz song that sounds exactly like the rest
I wish he would post a non-music video
You are so incredibly unique.  Even a single line, is just said differently than other people. You are a treasure.
Its weird how much of Bill Wurtz Style changed. BuT IT still feels the sAme yAyy
On 4:20, that's what it feels like to enter a store high
Love it
hell that's pretty good
Never change, Bill. Never change.
Woah I buy stuff there
i sense liberation sans or whoever it's called
"In the corner store, we go all around the world" That's my favorite line idk why Sounds so nice in the song
Never thought God had a youtube channel tho
Why is all your stuff so upbeat but still overwhelming with dystopian depression?... ...SSRIs?
If there's anyone who works at a corner store and plays this. You immediately have my business
Чудове відео
W vid this was so good
Fully rendered 3D smells
:)
Also Jeffery Epstein and John McAfee didn't kill themselves
Looks like gm_bigcity lol
Wow, I'm not scared today!
I remember some people worrying when bill took all that time off of music to dedicate months to learning 3D graphics instead of the 2D stuff he was previously limited to, but I'm sure absolutely everyone realizes now how worth it the effort was -- this is an absolutely amazing spectacle. <3
Ok but when I was grade 2 I would always go to a convenience store where I would always chug soy milk bottles before the bus came and this awakens so many memories thank you
For the poor bastards that work in retail in  the corner store does not wanna be there for ever.
This man is singing about my childhood right now
hi bill wurtz
Years ago, Me: "man this guy makes funny, interesting and educational history videos!" Future Bill: 🎵 at the corner s t o r e 🎵
These songs are just the musical version of "Never let them know your next move"
I thought this was going to be about a store that only sold corners. This is way better.
The day definitely lasts forever in the corner store, especially when you work there
Omg wait new upload?
dangm
This is the longest he has gone with the same theme
Is this an anthem for walkable city design? Yes. Yes it is
man's expandin
So emotional
music for emotions only possible under neoliberalism 😌
why does this remind me of hamilton park area of jersey city??
Bill Wurtz is the only way to experience LSD without using LSD.
Bill, your music is like my ears being double bounced on a trampoline but it fills my soul.
Why is this so freaking random and absolutely AMAZING
this is amazing 🥺💞
I was gonna beg you to put this on Spotify, but it already was on there! Nice 😊 gonna listen to it on loop until my individual consciousness melts away
This is amazing. Such a loveable little tune.
👌😭😂  Edit: ITS ON SPOTIFY 👍✨😭😂
damn it's good!
Bill truly is the Zoomer Peter Gabriel
Can i eat blades of grass in it?
Honestly the fact Bill animated an entire city + a corner store just for this song is so incredible. You can really see the improvement in his work
3:04 till end reminds me of a song anyone know the name?
Oi
"go outside and wave hi to all the other stores going by" This is so weird and cheerful, it felt like I'm living my childhood for a second time, as mentioned "the corner of a brand new world".  Dangm... Thanks Bill!
This was an absolute fever dream to start the day with. And I loved it!
This one is actually really nice! I like it more than the other recent ones
Your best one yet!
Bill Wurtz should make all ad videos. Tell me I'm wrong . . .
Sweet tunes man
I truly want to be at the corner store right now.
Why am i getting the vibe that there’s a Bill Wurtz musical and this is first song.
This would be trippy to experience in VR
at the corner store confirmed
I always forget this guy exists until I see this in my recommended section
I haven't heard such a creative musician for a decade or more. You are a pure genius Bill...
whoo yea baby thats what ive been waiting for!
Time to call the delivery number
at the corner store
Bruh why is this better rhan a lot of songs I heard before
This man uploads every blue moon
But here's the real question:  *_have they got any grapes?_*
If they have free delivery, why would I go there? 😳
a store were it's sold corners
Cool 3d
This is art
There's no way this isn't one big shitpost
Every time this guy puts out a song it's automatically the best day ever.
Its so good to see Bill has started making music again
slk bill ta ativo na net????
Oh hi dere, did someone say lyrics for karaoke? --  At the corner store It's the corner of a brand new world You can go in there Just to know what it feels like It's open And you're goin' in, oh, and you know you can Hoping You can stay there forever  Dun-da-dun-dun-dun I'm tall and handsome Dun-da-dun-dun-dun And I'm dancing on the floor [Chorus] At the corner store We go all around the world Then it closes  At the corner store It's like no other store you've been in before But now you're here And you feel these emotions If you close your eyes You can watch the minutes of each day going by But in the store you'll find The day lasts forever  Dun-da-dun-dun-dun I call and you'll answer Dun-da-dun-dun-dun And we'll dance through the door  At the corner store We'll go all around the world 'Til it closes  And the store is opening You can go through the door Through that rectangular hole in the wall  That's pretty cool Hell, that's pretty good Tell that to the whole damn neighborhood And all the people go, "Damn" Hell, that's pretty weird, but it seems so logical So sensible Save that for the screen Save that for the cover Of a brand new magazine with twenty seven pages All over the floor Where everyone can read them  At the corner store Up at the corner of a brand new world It's right here At a brand new location You can go outside And wave "hi" to all the other stores going by Then one day We will all be together  Dun-da-dun-dun-dun When you call, I'll answer Dun-da-dun-dun-dun And I'm dancing on the wall   At the corner store You remember who you are Then it slips away Then remember more At the corner store We go all around the world Then it closes
He's upgraded. We're no longer in abstract line world, we're in fully modelled city center world now.
Vibe
i always wonder what was the inspiration behind these songs
The legend is BACK BABY.
Is this the metaverse?
this video editing is so cool and its so unique I've never seen any MV like this. the things he does with the text makes everything much cooler as well instead of overlapping it he tried to make it fit in the aisles
Love it!!!
The videos have been getting better and better since the discovery of 3d animation
i wanna work in that store, where do i apply for a job there?
This is actually amazing
The extent to which the stuff in the video is rendered is quite impressive, but judging from the checkout screen, I don't think I could afford to shop at that store.
Man his musical phrasing is amazing! It’s a gift
corner
O-O-0-OMEGA MART YOU HAVE NO I D E A WHAT'S IN-STORE FOR You <3
oddly inspirational
This sounds so late '80s.
In Wurtz’s new world there’s no bike lanes or raised pedestrian crossings ? At least there’s a Do Not Enter sign allowing for the potential of a car free market street around the corner
I have never been so excited about a store before
I think the people who made the graphics for the metaverse must have been inspired by this video
Yes
Fucking wonderful as usual!!! Made my day to wake up to this man. The line "27 pages all over the floor where everyone can read them" hit different for some reason??
dun-da-dun-dun-dun
I like how feels like the Money For Nothing clip
So the corner stores are magical wandering shops that appear in different places like the ones you'd find on Discworld?
I cry every damn song who is this guy
This song makes me so happy... Thanks, Bill! 🤩😍😁
whos called the number on the store? if you have what does it call?
I can just imagine him singing this in a corner store.
Corner stores really hit different
Production value is through the roof on this one!
The bird that is the bald eagle
At the corner store you remember who you ore
bill becomes three dimensional
🔥🔥🔥
Beautifully surreal and yet poignant. *chef's kiss*
This store would make a good Katamari level
yay you came back
POV: "You are an alien living on earth"
If this were an ad for a real store, I would want to go shop at it, and that's saying something.
really nice store 10/10
Can I live in this city? Specifically this store?
This is the first time his lyrics actually make sense!
That song makes me wish I owned a corner store so I could run this as an ad on local tv
This one really showcases how much his animation has improved since he took the break to learn it
so sick
my man animated the entire city 😲
Ah yes bill has struck once again.
Bills just showing off. What a time to be alive!
So beautiful
I want to go to the corner store now.
so glad he made the door open and close on the beat
hey hi bill
1:18 omegamart?
was this 3 minutes worth? *yes*
I'm just going in for milk
groovy.
Happiest city in the history of the happiest cities
I hate how much I love every word that comes out of your mouth 😂
get back to history this is really boring
The return of the king
27 is such a good number 😌
That is a large corner store! The name is clever and this is great. The 3D modelling is a good addition
I hope I go to a store and actually hear this song play through their speakers lol
WOAH COOL
I think this is the prelude to "late for meeting" by  David Lewandowski
I don't get why people disliked this - they clicked on the corner store, they got the corner store.
yo u have infinite patience if you actually animated that store
Bill wurtz: walks into a corner store.          His brain: hey I could make a song about this
oh my gosh, it's evolving!
I'm continually surprised by how much I like these songs that my brain wants to believe are definitely the product of a massive troll
Bill Wurtz made a video about the second place a duck went to buy grapes.
Oh sweet, I just ran out of corners and all my local stores are out of stock! Thanks for the recommendation
Tesco
"Hi honey, I'm still held up at the corner sto— I know I left to get groceries yesterday, but it's these goddamn magical words or whatever appearing out of nowhere and messing up everything. First thing, one appears right on top of my bag and destroys all my groceries, next thing I'm suddenly transported to the top of a mf mountain, and then I'm trapped in one aisle all night unable to leave until the store reopens! I know I sound insane, but you gotta believe me! "…you think I'm cheating and want a divorce. No I'm not with anybody. Only other person here is the cashier and no, there's no chemistry between us. Why would you think such a thing?!?!? "You know what, let's talk about all this when I finally get back home. Shouldn't take longer than 10 minutes unless the store teleports to the freakin' Himalayas again. We'll talk soon. Bye"
"Hi honey, I'm still held up at the corner sto— I know I left to get groceries yesterday, but it's these goddamn magical words or whatever appearing out of nowhere and messing up everything. First thing, one appears right on top of my bag and destroys all my groceries, next thing I'm suddenly transported to the top of a mf mountain, and then I'm trapped in one aisle all night unable to leave until the store reopens! I know I sound insane, but you gotta believe me! "…you think I'm cheating and want a divorce. No I'm not with anybody. Only other person here is the cashier and no, there's no chemistry between us. Why would you think such a thing?!?!? "You know what, let's talk about all this when I finally get back home. Shouldn't take longer than 10 minutes unless the store teleports to the freakin' Himalayas again. We'll talk soon. Bye"
"Hi honey, I'm still held up at the corner sto— I know I left to get groceries yesterday, but it's these goddamn magical words or whatever appearing out of nowhere and messing up everything. First thing, one appears right on top of my bag and destroys all my groceries, next thing I'm suddenly transported to the top of a mf mountain, and then I'm trapped in one aisle all night unable to leave until the store reopens! I know I sound insane, but you gotta believe me! "…you think I'm cheating and want a divorce. No I'm not with anybody. Only other person here is the cashier and no, there's no chemistry between us. Why would you think such a thing?!?!? "You know what, let's talk about all this when I finally get back home. Shouldn't take longer than 10 minutes unless the store teleports to the freakin' Himalayas again. We'll talk soon. Bye"
Banger
Neat
logical, sensible, reasonable
I now have a new appreciation for corner stores.
I imagine myself driving in a door wedge
Waiting eagerly for the bodega remix 🎧
Vaporwave  be like
good song 10/10
Good to see monthly uploads like this. And seriously, we can all appreciate a good corner store.
He do be at da corner store doe
Me
I need this city in Gmod lol
Bills going to make a computer game eventually and it will be awesome :)
daymn
Bill 'outdo myself everytime' Wurtz
Always a good day to go to the corner store if you have a new bill wurtz song to listen to.
price $5
Damn i thought it was the corner store from the duck song
Everyone in the comments seem to be obsessed with the animation (which is fantastic no doubt) but my jaw dropped to the floor listening to this absolute banger of a tune! The harmony, the lyrics and how they blend into together, the killer arrangements, bass lines, incredible drum grooves, and just a beautiful mix.. Bill doesn't get enough credit for his amazing songwriting and arranging skills!
Your 3d modeling ability is great, this must have taken so much work
Terrifying
"That's pretty weird, but it seems so logical, so sensible." Perfect description of Bill Wurtz's videos.
I don’t know what I watched but I love it.
this song makes me wanna go to my corner store
i love this one alot! idk why, but it feels like bill had his creativity work with him. like he liked making it and found his new flow. i like it
0:24 The door opening and closing after and after because of horse nomads raiding the store , good works horse nomads
nostalgia? HOW
finally, i can buy some milk
wow 3d
This should be an advert for a corner store
At the mid store
Ok, the effort put into this one is catching me off guard
you may be too small for the mall but at a corner store you're handsome and tall
This one's got some Barenaked Ladies vibes.
Love it!
"I'm tall & handsome" -Bill Wurtz
I've always perceived Bill music like elevator music. Except that the elevator was going to heaven.
This would make an amazing experience in VRChat, and it wouldn't be too hard to convert it, since you're already got all the 3D assets.
splendid
Why do I want a series about this corner store now. It seems to have had an amazing life and I kinda wanna know more
Why does this song feel like the best song of 2020s
I just like how the song is celebrating mundane boring things that we forget are actually awesome miracles :)
This was more exciting than the Metaverse
absolutely unbelievable tune. evocative basslines. crunchy drums. bill is unstoppable
video request: lol
This guy is high 24/7 xD I love it
His videos feel like those weird rainbow illusion pattern things which move And I love it!
when the store on the corner even has a theme song
funny i just went to the - corner store -
dangm, this is nice.
bred
ah, like always  starting with a beautiful beat and... weirdly vocals?
Ok, 5$ for anything, seems good lmao 😂
your animations impress me every time
main inspiration right here
When is the next actual video😢
all of these videos have such a nonsensical joy and I'm here for it
this song is way too upbeat and we need this now more than ever
boppin
This is definitely one of my favorite! The lyrics flow so well, and the visuals look amazing!!
Makes me wanna play Katamari Damacy again & again & again & again & aga
This is certainly my favourite one you've done recently. Really good, keep at it!
i can approve that all he is speaking is facts as i have been at a corner store
bill knows something we don't
This guy can copy paste whatever he thinks of into a single mp4 file
Fun fact: Bill got the idea for this song whilst shopping at his local corner store.
loving uploads
Coner stoner happy 420!
"save that for the cover"  *Hololive logo appears*  Coincidence?
BILLLLL YOU'RE BLESSING THE YEAR WITH YOUR GODDMAN UPLOADS
your poor gpu  very amazing obviously :)
It is obviously a metaphor for capitalistic consumerism. "I am the only one who knows the intentions of Bill Wurtz."
This song makes me want to go to the corner store just because I can.
what if we kissed at the corner store? 😳
Behold the epic tune as I walk into my local cornerstore thinking I'm the bees knees only to take off my headphones and realise the entire store is looking at me for singing and dancing in the most drunk way possible and a clerk comes up to me and asks with a snigger and a giggle what can I help with today sir. Not a true story but it would be something I would do.
His Videos remind me of the Dire Straits music Video "money for nothing"
Your music and animation never fail to amaze me Bill
Has anyone called the number on the front of the store?
Making a music video using SketchUp is pretty brilliant.
I wish I was in the corner store, so this video would last forever  P.S congrats on the upload :/
Yayy!
thank
Incredible absolutely phenomenal
i know the graphic may not be good, but damn, the way you depict this, way you design, animation... everything is just so surreal, with the graphic. and feels strangely satisfying. with your lovely voice too. well done.
Hi
Although I am here for the music and because I love to support Bill Wurtz's work (aside from MelodySheep, my favourite creator on Youtube), I am dazzled by the beauty and cleverness of this video.  I already liked the style of his regular videos, that I have become used to, but this one was surprisingly so much better than the preceding ones.   How does one man do all of this?  I guess that is a question we will go on, year after year, to ask about the bright and soothing wonder that is the work of Bill Wurtz.
there used to be this corner falafel store called "the king of the corner" I would always go to. unfortunately it closed a few weeks ago because of covid :(
The animations remind me of the videoclip of Money for Nothing from Dire Straits.
This makes me want to visit my local corner store.
He returns from his journey through the cosmos
Banger song and video as usual
I wonder if Bill's ideas for his music videos are inspired by his dreams 🤔
Yay
Every time I watch a Bill Wurtz video, I think about what it’s like to be high, then I think, “this is better”.
I love this
I love the fact the cars looked like some random trapezoids
<3
A the corner store a guy once said “the sun is a deadly laser”
Anyone going to call the telephone number on the shop’s sign?
I love civic life so much on a very deep yet uncomplicated level and this is how it feels when I go to the store but I also hope this is how people feel when I am at work at my own store 3 days a week... you are a treasure, wild music man
LOVING THE VIBE OF THE CORNERE STORE
wow
okay now this is just technically fucking impressive
This video makes you feel like youre in a corner store
NGL that corner store is impressively detailed, nice
I'm reading Baudrillard's Society of Consumption right now and it just fits soooo good. Awesome mathy breaks, too!
Adhdakvzkz
listen 1: i guess he forgot to get bananas  listen 4: this song is actually about post-money communist utopianism  and this is why i love bill wurtz  sidenote: that use of the b6 on the chorus is a surprisingly pop move and i am here for it
Well, this is exactly what I needed to hear today. I’ve no idea why, but it is.
Okay so I know this is supposed to be a joke song but like this is actually well made and the song slaps hard. Please pursue a life of music bill
This is so good holy shit.
god dammit those final chords are addictive i dont know what they are but theyre welcome in my home
Bill Wurtz’s videos are what my dreams look like. Idk why but all my dreams are in low poly 3D models.
This video has by far the most animation effort  also i would love to go to this corner store
Learning 3D was the best decision you have made Bill. It really did make perfect music feel that much better. This is a bit of a rant but there are things in life that give me existential revelations that result in knowledge unexplainable in words that are inexplicably euphoric and make me feel like nothing else in the world matters. They need to be known completely even after humanity dies out and something else takes their place. I would not be able to stand anything if I woke up one day and they didn't exist. Your music always has been one of those things and now the corner store is too :)
The long wait for Unreal Engine 5 was totally worth it!
5$ 5$ 5$
i feel like if u let someone listen to this with 0 context of bill wurtz's other work or the video they'd think its a humorous love story, romanticizing a interaction at a corner store but no, its literally just about how amazing corner stores are.
if the duck walks in im gona lose my mind
LET'S GOOO
3D
today is a great day
4,053rd
THIS SUPPORTS THE CAPITALIST AGENDA!@!11!1!!!!1!!!11111!!!!!!!1!!!1!!1V HOW CAN YOU DO THIS BOOTLICKER!!!1!1111!!!!!!!!!1!!!!
Theory: his songs are all connected by the fact that the character is on drugs the entire time.
Bill this is amazing thank you for reminding of my love for corner stores also the animations are amazing
I first thought the thumbnail was South Park.
Dangm.
this is one of the most coherent bill wurtz songs ever! (it's also very good)
This is another type of core, not weirdcore or dreamcore, this is wurtzcore. 🤩
this was amazing
This fills me with indescribable joy.
This song is from the future
This is one of my favourite songs with cocaine as budget
Graphics on another level 👌
At the corner store, a duck asked the woman, running the store: "Hey! Got any grapes?"
for someone who just watched kims convince this looks exactly like that
Ok
First time I'm actually kinda early to a video from this guy XD
I love you bill
family mart
As someone who has visited his local corner store I must say my experience was lackluster in comparison
corner store, guys. corner store.
I actually quite liked this one, but then it closes
I think this is the your best work yet!
felt like 6 minutes instead of 3, and for once i'm happy about that!
this is amazing holy god
If advertisements were like this I would buy their products
This is so unique and great, i love it.
Finally someone understands! That's why I leave my homework scattered across my floor so that everyone can examine it and find mistakes for me! Thanks for existing Bill!
woah, the instruments used in this one and the melodic structure are so beautiful! It still has that classic bill wurtz touch along with a bit more of a structured melody~~~ Love it!!
This looks like something i'd see on TV on a school day that I stayed home cause I had a fever at like age 6 or 7 but rarely remember anything else about that day.
Born too late to explore the world Born too late to explore the galaxy Born just in time to exist at the same time as Bill Wurtz
Seeing a consistent upload schedule is so satisfying compared to his Might Quit hiatus
these are some top tier visuals
Thank you for uploading this on 3am in Europe
These anime openings are getting better and better :D
time to play this while waiting at the milk store
goodsongbill
i see new bill wurtz. i click.
Why doesn't he just work at the corner store that way he can stay there until the last minute it closes
We never got something so literal yet inconceivable in its meaning
When we needed him most he has arrived
This might be the first song by Bill that feels like it has a _real_ music video. Like, all the videos he's made so far have been fun, but they all have the distinct flair of *Being On The Internet,* whereas this one seems like with a larger budget, it'd be on Vevo or something. The fact that it fuckin slaps is a nice bonus.
I rlly want an indie walking sim that uses Bill's style. You could open 'a corner store', it doesn't go well so u have to 'eat blades of grass' amd get scared. Then u 'climb a mountain' and come back feeling better, shop turns a profit allowing 'money' to happen
“The day last forever” if they sell clothes, with a sale, and my mom is there, then I agree.
I need this as a gmod map
I love how the logo of the corner store is literally a corner.
last 20 seconds got me in the feels
The 3D revolution is here!
I've got a few words to describe bill wurtz: out of this world (world world)
;O
But you forgot about the issuysbrkeishcnkeisisjdj aisle
through out the video, just outside the door there's a piece of paper. It's most visible at 1:48 and looks like it says  message:   o6d6txmlbpmjxcy ys3dtnqud1vd2hy og1l97inrrixh1t 8xtg5ew32omu190 rs5w9pcx5aayi5b 7568mgiztl8bczs       thanks  Unsure wether it's meaningless or a big brain bill wurtz play. it's not youtube video links nor is it base64
Astronaut 1: Wait, its all store?  Astronaut 2: Always has been
Going to save this for my "Acid" playlist
Bill's animations just keep blowing me away, the detail and complexity coupled with how wistful and emotional the music is really shows just how much work he puts into it and I love seeing how far he's come
dangm this slaps
He has progressed to the third dimension
Damn. I'm used to the dark voids and abstracted shapes and spaces. You're getting better at the 3D animations.
This tune is addicting
This 3D art style reminds me of Blank Banshee
Once again, uploading on my birthday! Thank u for remembering bro
I love how the lyrics never make any sence but it still sounds deep. The music is unusual yet awesome. Keep it up
this song is a simple yet profound Expression of the Human Condition. its essential meaning transcends boundaries of race, language, class, sex, etc. "at the corner store you remember who you are, then it slips away - then remember more": i am certain that everyone in all the world has felt this way about corner stores at least once: feeling themselves in a mental and physical space where time and space are slightly altered. it’s a visceral and instinctive experience. it reminds me of Sayaka Murata's "Convenience Store Woman".
My day is starting well
looks exactly like unturned...
I wonder if we get to visit the places from your videos in VR sometime.
I really want to play that video game
this is probably the most thematic song he's ever made. we started on corner store, stayed on corner store, and ended on corner store
My phone does not have enough volume for me to enjoy this
He's at the corner store
That 3D looks really sick :D love it!
Bowling screens when you get a strike:
this feels like a parody of YMCA for some reason
lol
This evokes a feeling of nostalgia that no other creator can. Keep up the great work, Bill!
Why this isn't on trending is beyond me.
That one long hiatus Bill went on was worth it. His 3d animation compliments his music so well!
His songs are are a little off to me now. They dont sound like the old bill wurtz. La de da de da de da de day oh was his best one yet imo and the music he makes now are almost lifeless in a way.  Nothing against him or anything, i just wish he would make music like his old ones.
dang
This is the first absolute masterpiece from you since history of the entire world I guess
ayy new vid!
Why do I feel like I was 6 yo again?
I was going to look for a video but then I watched this and now I don't even remember who I am anymore... AT THE CORNER STORE
Oo good job I’m glad to see u
Real time footage of fallout 5 by Bethesda
How I like that you can create awesome songs with simple things 😁
this helped me to protect my tesco trolley against improvised explosives
I’m loving the new use of blender, it adds so much to your style!
Hii
I feel like Bill was just practicing his 3D modeling, started humming and got carried away in the best possible way
bill wurt
This is such a nice song
Me thinks there be hidden meanings afoot.  :)
The return of the king
nice
As a kid, I used to like playing video games and buying garbage pail kids at the corner store in my neighborhood. One of my favorite childhood memories.
Dangm, hell that’s pretty weird, but it seems so logical.
This is great
This gives me Liminal spaces vibes. Bill wurtz is very talented at these!
This makes me want to go to a corner store.
Thanks, this video gave me inspiration to finish my own project
that was oddly beautiful
I think I finally realized what was so special about his style, it doesn’t have any shadows which makes everything much more surreal
Ok, how is no one talking about the $14239 banana?
nice corner store
Either Bill's songs have become more logical or I'm starting to finally understand them
It's been a decade since i haven't seen a silly tripping music about *going to the store*
I love how your songs are so nonsensical but at the same time they seem super deep also. How you do this!
So sweet
holy sht bill wurtz dropped another banger
Blender?
This one was such a banger!
Nice.
This guy really lives in another world, and I love it ! This Is DEFINITELY your best I LOVE IT :DDD ! Such a vibe !
ok
Holy shit he’s back.
"sir, i- sir! im glad youre happy to be here but please stop dancing on the displays!"
This is an SCP advertisement.
"Price: 5" Teachers: 5 what? Oranges? Apples? Bananas?? PEARS????
Oh I would like to see this guy step into game development.  He would do such an awesome job as a 3d-artist, animator, sound designer, musician and anything else I guess.
did you model this entire store yourself?
another good 3d video. Love you bill
2:05 oh my god that was great
2:15 dangm, thats a pretty expensive banana.🍌
Am the  only one who noticed this he opening scene looks like the birthday scene from money.
This is good
Actually kinduva bop tho
it's like a musical prodigy doing that random singing while doing a mundane task that we collectively as a species find important
i'm actually crying because i thought this was gonna be jazz but its not and i dont know anymore
Now I wanna go to every corner store in the world
YASSS
This. Is. Gold.
JRR Tolkien: Makes lord of the rings to show off his languages  Bill Wurtz: Makes a catchy song to show off his store
I don't know what it is about this but i really needed this today thank you bill wurtz very cool
Long long long journey vibes
every time bill uploads it breathes new life into me
Alright who’s gonna call the number?
Corner stores summed up.
So this is what you were learning to do while you were gone
Thank you bill
Why this looks like roblox
Im seeing this from the viewpoint of Har Mar superstar.
back with a banger
This felt like a 19 second video
This channel feels simultaneously dated and timeless, I love it
Which drugs did you take? Bill: „Yes!“
I am ready for the next level, however time it takes. Next video 4D animation
this does put a smile on my face
Name what genre of music this is. I'll wait.
dangm
this is how bill leaves a five star review for a corner store
''so sir,how did u get so famous??'' ''oh i wrote a song about a corner store'' ........... ''WOW SO COOL!!!'''
Corner Store Gang
Dang bill can you give us a minute to recover in between banger?
Get gud at rendering pleb 🪨🪨👅🛢⁉️🦶🏻🦶🏻⁉️⁉️🦶🏻🦶🏻🦶🏻🦶🏻
yay. new bill wurtz weejio.
What a great time to be alive.
I love how when a new bill wurtz video comes out its always a banger no matter what
This is impressive considering it’s made by one person
Did y'all wave "hi" at all the other stores going by?
well...  dangm
the only advertisement i would watch
3:04 that little melody sounds like Monody (from TheFatRat)
Every Bill Wurtz upload is an event but this one is particularly delightful. Makes me want to go to the store
This is like a chicken or the egg dilemma. Was Bill inspired by his 3D city to write a corner store song? Or did he model the cornerstore to match his song? Bless him either way, this is wonderful
The quality of his videos is quite clearly improving
3874th comment for the algo'
Yet another banger!
6h ago making my mark hi hi
I love how the inside of the store is more detailed than the entire city XD
Best Song yet
I feel like I'll be caught muttering this in Tesco's and be asked if I'm okay
You know its gonna be a good day when a new bill wurtz video is here
I thought bill wurtz could not outdo his past work. I'm happy to report I am mistaken
this has got to be one of the best music videos by bill wurtz. the camera angles, the animations, the detail of the store and the city, and all the usual wacky things are so good
We all know he’s a musical genius but can he djent?
I think this may have dropped a day early
We are truly living in the age of bill wurtz <3
I'll never get tired of watching this man's videos
I don't know how or why this song made me so emotional, but it did. Maybe it's nostalgia, maybe it's the pure joy and whimsy for a seemingly ordinary place, maybe it's a bunch of things. But I really loved this.
Little did we know that Bill Wurtz just open the first location of the new "◣ Store" chain corner stores.
When you goto 711 while being stoned af
Look at all those brands.
I love the corner store
Love this, amazing work Bill Wurtz!
this man has never made a bad song in his life
Bill ported his style to 3d perfectly. Ima watch it 30 times in slow motion
This feels a little bit like something a historian in the distant future would make to represent our era.
banger
10/10 content as always
Your music is so random, yet so amazing, and I absolutely love it. Doesn't matter if Mt. Saint Helens erupts and burns that store to ground because it's gonna be a fine, swell day. :)
Couldn't figure out what aesthetic Bill Wurtz belongs to, only to realize that its literally weirdcore
🥝
Bill has somehow figured out how to make a world both surreal and nostalgic. I love it.
I love how nonsensical the lyrics are. If you are, you do too. Bill wurtz just has this beautiful way of doing the lyrics that no-one else does. And the (just as nonsensical) animations go perfectly with.  It is a good day when bill wurtz posts a video
whole song about how cool it is to go into the store,   but they have free delivery so it's not even economical to make the trip there
this is incredibly relatable
Can you get me something there please?
supertramp reference?o>o
Could you imagine being in bills imagination? You know, just for fun
this is amazing
it's all focused on one thing and place! the corner store!!! I've been there before and can thusly become HyPe for the memories there and the co ops they remind me ovvvvf
Yes. More of this
LETS GO BILL WURTZ UPLOADED
Man remember when Bill's vids were just clipart and MS Paint scribbles? Now he be out here making full on Pixar movies lol
How do you keep doing this
I'm frankly astounded by how far Bill has come, he's made an entire 3D modeled town! Fantastic work dude!!! You are an amazing music artist and 3D artist!
oh no (yes!) this is exactly how I feel when I go to the corner store!
Amazing! ❤️ Much love
Now this I like to hear
Wow this one is extremely nice, the dun-da-dun-dun-duns are awesome, probably one of my favorite ones so far with here comes the sun
A duck walked up to a corner store and said to the woman running the store….
There isn't a single cut in the video until like halfway through
awesome
Württemberg
Cornerstone
How does this have 88 dislikes?
This is exactly how I felt going to the cornerstone as a kid
Any change you could do a feature with Lemon Demon?
Think there's a little corner store in each of us
Dum-da-dum-dum-dum
Beautiful
Very cool. Thank you Bill
Based on a true story Me lying on the couch +6 messages (reels) on IG (Earphones are lying far on the table) -maybe I'll check em out next time +Crush posted an igtv vid -maybe I'll watch it later (about time i moved on) +Bill wurtz posted a video -GRAB'EM FUKIN EARPHONES REAL QUICK
This must have taken so long to make omfg good job bill
LETS GOOOOO
I guess no one in the world dislikes Bill.
Bill gained so much power with 3d animation!
This is so very surreal and yet it feels like both a documentary and a motivational poster and so much more can't believe you're creating these masterpieces and placing them "On the floor, where everyone can see them", and that's just so great :)
❤
I'm so beyond happy Bill is a person who exists. His music brings me a joy I can't find anywhere else. Please never stop, Bill.
I'm gonna tell my grandkids this was the metaverse.
Holy crap it gets kind of emotional near the end and I’m here for it this could be in a musical
I'm glad you didn't quit
That “dun-da-dun-dun-dun” is SO SATISFYING!!!!
"Tell that to the hole damn neigh bor hood" I felt that ostensto
1:17 basically school
dangm this is catchy
I wasn't crazy about this song but then 1:58 happened and now it's my favorite one since I'm a Princess.
Tbh this might be my favorite video yet. The chords were exciting, the animation raised the bar, and the mix was perfect.
HE CAME BACK AGAIN?!?!!!!?!?!!!
I wanna live in this city.
those ending few verses are actually enchanting. Thanks for being a legend Bill
Bill Wurtz Remake of Foodfight when?
Now this would be great for VRchat lol
The only music yt channel I like, man somehow manages to create great songs of strange ideas
The corner stores I go to are never this groovy
Finally, after all these years. I know where my dad went. He just got lost, that’s all…
Like I AM the target audience
Bill is an underrated animator. He animated a whole store and city just for a song. I’m loving this new style of video!
Perfection.
This is epic so many details
For some reason I thought this was the sequel to the duck song. The only thing I knew about it was "a duck walked into the corner store" but then once I realized that I had the sudden realization that I had no clue what even was in that song and it was just a memory locked behind an imaginary paywall. If I watch it I will probably immediately remember, but in the meantime I'd like to bask and wallow in half-memory.
The day does go on forever in the store
Huh... released on my bday. That's funny
If this was the opening theme in a corner store based sitcom, I would both watch it and insist on watching the opening every time.
ive had a really Horrible day. I know you probably wont end up reading this specific comment out of thousands, but i want to thank you for making my really horrible day just a little bit better. So, Thank you, Bill Wurtz of Youtube, for making my day just a little bit better.
How to spot a European.
babe wake up bill posted
You leveled up
I feel like only two dimensions couldn’t  have done the corner store justice
This guy's pretty cool, he should make a video about the history of the entire world, i guess.
I'm so beyond happy Bill is a person who exists. His music brings me a joy I can't find anywhere else. Please never stop, Bill.
A concise and artfully executed critique of retail consumer culture
C   O   R   N   E   R      S   T   O   R   E
Sad
Huh
I worked in a corner store for 5 years and i've never seen someone so enthusiastic about the store.
2:49 At The Airport Terminal reference?
how?
dangm
I had worried that during your hiatus, we might not see another piece of art from the legend. Turns out, you were busy learning animation. Outstanding.
Take a shot every time Bill says “world”  (Impossible)
Bill wurtz has found a 3d software *o h*   *n o*
3:04 why is this part so damn funky Overall the whole song was great and I love the visuals lol
can we appreciate not just the music, but the 3d animation and how long it must've taken to sync it with the music? great job, man. i love these songs.
Bill just keeps getting better at the 3d animation! Wow! And the music too of course!
Did anyone else try calling the phone number on the store front?
This guy is a legend
this first felt like a bosnian ape society video lol
I am convinced that the initial track and subsequent lyrics are entirely improvised, and then the rest of the instrumentals are built up on top
1:58 damn, that part sure is indeed pretty cool.
Reminds me of being a very young girl walking a few blocks to the corner store with my dad. He's gone now, but this reminds me of that time. Thank you Bill ♡
will burtz
this is a banger on the level of the airport terminal
This feels like I'm in a Bill Wurtz video game
liminal space but it's a song
this is really big for a corner store. three cash registers? seems more like a shoppers or whatever the universal equivalent of that is
We'll all be together at the corner store. When I see a new Bill Wurtz video, I stop everything, put my headphones on, and give the song the attention it deserves.
To the people who love this kind of music, do yourself a favor and search for Bubblegum and City Pop.
babe wake up- bill dropped another masterpiece
hes back
The greatest musician after Michael Jackson! 1 in a trillion!
So that's where bill buys all his corners
Phenomenal
ahhh
this sounds like the opening song to a musical
You really had me worried in the first half that the song was going to make more sense than usual. But then I went 'Ah, THERE it is. We're back in anomalous territory.'
... Wow, this thing has cohesion
I am so gonna play this in our corner store today!
Dun-da-dun-dun-dun
Hell yeah !!   Well done bill wurtz  Your creativity and skill seems to be brimming with amazing funky ideas !!
The way he describes the store makes it sound like a liminal space, but like, “benevolent”
Four hours in, my comment can’t stand out amongst the other 4k comments. Anywho, you nailed my corner store experience in one music video. Thank you for making my life into a multimedia presentation, Billy
the cornerstores meet in the 4d universe
n o !!!
0/10 no 50 cent cakes
By far your best 3d work. This is amazing!
Best song since I'm scared
This music always scratches my brain in the best way possible and bill always delivers with the animation!!!! I love it!!! <3
You know it’s a good day when bill wurtz post’s (Ps. Im not a robot )
Is Bill starting to increase of releasing videos? The gold times are returning.
i just feel like, more and more, Bill is actually a novice graphic designer and animator who uses this channel to show his progress. and just also happens to be a world class musician?
Bill wurtz for persistent
The man is back again and knocking tracks out of the park. Loving it. Stay well, Bill Wurtz.
i somehow strongly relate to this
dun-da-dun-da-dun
"It's open, and you're going in." Sounds like one of the most threatening things I've ever heard
The store being the only thing in detail makes it seem like a surreal dream, but it’s still so cool 😆
This song makes me want to go to the corner store.....but I won't.
thank god he's back like this
I can't be the only one who think Bill Wurtz somehow sounds like Mr. Mister
two corner stores next to each other = half store, two half stores = full store
Someone call the number on the building, I need to know
You got those Todd Rundgren and Starcastle vibes going. I really dig it.
Boy, Unreal Engine 5 looks dope!
Anime opening of the corner shop
this is the video ever
Full 3D!!! This is great!!!
i like how your songs are sort of stream-of-consciousness. its whimsical but makes sense at the same time.
That insane son of a bitch did it...  He made his least abstract music video.
Based
It makes no sense and all the sense at the same time
Everything would be better if more people were like you.
Is 2:09 a nod to Supertramp's "Logical Song"?
is this the sequel of "at the airport terminal"?
But mr. Will I don't wanna go in.
4/20 is the perfect date for a bill music vid drop
This does capture the essence of a well-stocked convenience store, and I applaud Bill for being able to score liminal space.
Guys wake up bill posted
His blender skills are increasing
he's back
Lookin good, Bill
Did not expect to see an entire modeled store wow
musical masterpiece
At this point I think he may be able to simulate reality
I love how his lyrics sound like an AI wrote them while having an existential crisis. Love that unexpected vibe to the music and lyrics. This song goes hard! Shit slaps man😌👌
Bill Wurtz is a new music genre confirmed
So there's an actual number on the outside of the store with an area code for Canada so... Who's gonna call it?
Hey man your a pretty good singer keep it and I'm still rooting for you
I genuinely feel you are one of the greatest musical geniuses of our generation
Woah
i always love when you upload.
Crazy good work man!
The cashier: oh god fucking dammit not this guy again
this is hands down my new favorite bill wurtz song! the dun-da-dun-dun-dun is immaculate
This feels like a morally diametrically opposite sequel to Money for Nothing
THE KING IS BACK
The store being the only thing in detail makes it seem like a surreal dream, but it’s still so cool 😆
This is absolutely modeled on the Key Foods on the corner of 3rd and Jersey, in Jersey City.
Bill Wurtz problably went pick up a candy bar or something and thought "i can make a song about this."
The quality of these videos has always been pretty great, but with every new one you can see the rise in talent. I can see it now, bill is gonna become so good at making music and videos that he becomes a big famous producer.
I want to go to that store.
I feel like this song has an extended metaphor comparing a human and corner stores
ok he's back
"A duck walked up to the corner store, and it said to the lady running the store, "Hey, bop bop bop, got any grapes?"
Certified banger alert hood classic everyone
good
dangm. thanks, bill!
You know the first thing I did was call the phone number from the store sign.
this was very calming from some reason
oh.. I thought this was the duck song 2-
Idk why 1:51 made me burst out laughing when I first saw those doors spinning it was so random 😂
I like the reference to the airport closing and having the metal gate go over the entire store.
0:54 this line is New Yorkers talking about bodegas
At the corner store I got the "history of the entire world i guess" dvd at a really good price. Great service too. I recommend.
the SOUNDSCAPE his breakdowns are always getting more hype
The postman still has no more news
I wonder if it's possible with enough streams of these songs to get Bill Wurtz charting on Billboard...
I guess this is why people love drugs
Everytime I see a Bill Wurtz video it reminds to keep loving life, for some reason.  Thanks man, you a legend.
I love your style, Bill. I'm immediately wisped away from the moment into a world that you've created through song. The timbre, quirkiness and general aesthetic are pleasing to the ears. You've utilized this seemingly effortless style (I say seemingly because I know a lot went into the instrumentals.) that makes it easy to get onboard with from the get-go. You just get it, and I'm here for it lol. Love the songs!
This is an instant classic, one of his very best songs to date. The hook motifs are so good here
<3 A banger! Unironically the artist I get most excited about hearing about a new song
bill wurtz dropped a music video? time to pick up some acid and cancle my plans.
Bill leaving us to learn 3D animation did not disappoint. Good god this is your best work yet Bill.
this song is pretty dangm good
I think No one would be able to make a Song about a Corner Store
Yes. You’re back. I know you’ve been back. But you’re BACK.
I'm pretty sure the Town Planning YouTube community will adopt this song as their anthem.
I’m going to create a playlist of any Bill Wurtz songs that mention: door, home, outside, world, and feeling.
I’ve never wanted to be in a corner store any longer than I had to but you do you lol
Good vibes, but it's clear where the graphic money went.
OH​ you​ are​ back
29#)%%’kn yes
How is he good at every artistic medium
Bill's 3D art style has converged with the nostalgic and whimsical yet polished vibe of his music and I can't get enough of it.
babe wake up new bill wurtz vid just dropped
[INSERT CORNER STORE AD HERE]
All I could say aloud after watching that was "Bro that was amazing"
Hes evloving, he can do 3d animation and i cant wait to see what else this genius will come up with
Bill Sqwurtz
Your songs are always a nice reminder of how art is even found in things most people think are mundane
i've always wondered if bill is programming the drum tracks with samples, or if it's actually him playing. it literally sounds like live drums - or he has such a good feel/understanding of dynamics and fills when he's producing... maybe both idfk?!?!?
I swear only Bill Wurtz can make a song about a corner store feel so heartfelt and sincere
s t o r e
This guys is very talented. I wish him happiness
:V
Woah, now I know what Bill was learning while on his hiatus, the 3D modeling looks really good
Nice
Good song
Sweet
These are getting elaborate and I am all for that
This is by far my favourite song from you Bill! From the graphics and design to the song itself, it's beautiful
Bill is honestly just a vibe
babe wake up youtube user bill wurts posted
It's a weed store.
This is the meta verse zuck wanted
Bill's 3D art style has converged with the nostalgic and whimsical yet polished vibe of his music and I can't get enough of it.
I hope that if there are other forms of intelligent live in the universe that bill wurtz's music is the first thing they hear
Bill’s lyrics can be so crazy and nonsensical and yet make sense at the same time, not to mention being a total banger
the level of detail here is incredible even in comparison to bill wurtz's usual
how could you not like this video   hes at the corner store
The corner store offers free delivery because it looks nice on its resume but nobody would ever miss the chance to go to the corner store.
So me!
The first part of the chorus is so good
I feel a whole different emotion I didn't even know was possible listening to his music
3D model Pog
These uploads are too regular I'm not sure how to feel about this, mainly excitement though
Another masterpiece
YES
I was having a bad day.   This video made me forget why I was upset.   Thank you.  Please teach me this magic.
Wow, I believe learning 3D softwares will really open your creativity. This is only the beginning. Keep it up!
yo this how my dreams be happening
Slowly but surely, Bill is creating an open world GTA-like video game for us all to enjoy
Can we take a moment to note the hanging signs above each aisle? "Dry - canned soups", "tacos-mash potatoes", "Sauce - ketchup", "cold cereal", "brick pak juices" -- we need more labels like that.
why was i not subscribed
I don’t know what’s going on but it’s making me emotional
Who else wants this to be added to every corner store in America
I’ve already watched this 5 times it’s just so good especially the “dun da dun dun dun” bit
can't wait to see 4 dimensional non-Euclidean geometry when bill returns next year
An ode to the humble corner store. I love my corner store. No driving no worries.
this beat reminds me a lot of Long Long Long Journey. that's my favorite, and ican tell this will be one of them too
HE BACK LES GOOO
workbench rendering anything:
Bill is an underrated animator. He animated a whole store and city just for a song. I’m loving this new style of video!
this fills me with an indescribable yearning to visit my local corner store
The visual style reminds of a specific game, but I’m almost afraid to say what.
what kind of drugs is this guy on? and how did he make something so nonsensical yet relatable?
2:15 What sort of hyper inflation is this? 14 thousand dollars for one banana.
excellent as always! it amazes me how you can make so many songs of such high quality in so quick an interval.
This song is calling me out ;-;
rtx on
As someone who works in a corner store, I can confirm this is how people act and how things feel.
LETS GOOOO BILLLL
So much optimism. Nice one, Mr. Wurtz.
This somehow gives me nostalgia and makes me feel like I'm in a fever dream at the same time.
Bill over here boutta be hired by an advertising firm lol
AYYYYY
I'm at the corner store and I'm buying hot Cheetos cuz "THATS THE WAY I LIKE TO LIVE MY LIFE!!!"
Makin me wanna go to the store
The urge to go to the corner store right now
Ah yes the corner store that was repeatedly robbed and then burned.
what a musically-complex fever dream. Amazing as always🔥
BIll can write a song with literally no meaning at all, just put random words together AND STILL MAKE IT MAKE SENSE.
Alternate Freeze Your Brain  The "What if JD was happy" song
When I accidentally hit the wrong button:
Is that roblox? It looks a lot like roblox rendering.
This video is AMAZING 🤩 the song is FABULOUS!! And the 3-modeling and editing are 10/10 and so unique!! Keep making amazing art Bill Wurtz!! <3
THIS WAS SO CUTE HEHEHE SONGS A BOP<<33
i need a music video about the laundry mat across the street
Bill Wurtz does the metaverse? Welcome to eternity.
such a well rendered dream
It’s worth it to watch 2 ads for Bill Wurtz
It is time to rejoice… Bill Wurtz has made new music.
This randomness keeps me afloat, and so thank you Bill.
Corner
Being neurodivergent, 3:04 is way too relatable for comfort
b_B_B_B_ bill I dont wanna go into le corner store
AYO A NEW BANGER!! *vibes in excitement* also this one is a big mood and I LOVE the cornerstore design!
JESUS BILL CALM DOWN WITH THESE BANGERS
Do more history
man makes a whole ass store for a video. Well done
Bill wurtz is on fire lately.
Bill you're so right about corner stores
this had way to much work put into it for what it is
yet another slammer, wurtz-sama.  thank you!
Every day in local store it was my experience too
animation quality is getting better
Eventually, bill wurtz's graphics will be so advanced we will simply be unable to distinguish them from reality.
I never thought I would hear a song that perfectly express the pleasant happiness I experience while shopping at a really cool store.
Word.
yes
I work at a corner store, and will be playing this tonight for everyone to hear. Guaranteed.
Reply to this if you're tall and handsome so we may dance at the corner store on the floor please
eyy
Dangm this is a good song!
Manager: "Mr. Wurtz, we appreciate your business, but you've been in the store for 8 hours and we have to close."
I want to live in this corner store. It’s beautiful.
YOOOOOO they have a corner store on MT OLYMPUS YEEEEA
"We go all around the world... then it closes."  (laughs in 7-Eleven being open 24/7)
dun-da-dun-dun-dun
I'm early!
YO WTF  CORNER STORE COMMERCIAL JINGLE
These videos are never disappointing
bill wurtz is not the worst
Perfection as usual! Absolutely timely for weird times we’re living in & what passes for a novel experience!
I always enjoy the visuals of bill vids
Only thing it's missing are some Bill Wurtz CDs.
bill is forever goated
dissociating at the convenience/drug/corner store anthem
Hes been uploading for 8 years and his channel is still very alive!
He found the third dimension
Great song Bill
This is a work of art.
Mark, shut down the metaverse. We've got the WurtzVerse now!
will you ever go back to making non music videos?
it's amazing how bill is uploading frequently now, and the videos are so high-quality
Love yah, baby boy!
I think it's time to go to the corner store!
HES EVOLVING !!
Love it
My god how long did making this take? I know these videos are high quality and effort, but that’s so many tiny objects to make and place and organize, I’m so impressed
yeha
3:04 best 10 seconds of music ever
Every song is like a taste of heaven for like a couple of minutes
Only Bill Wurtz can make an amazing song about a corner store. Change my mind.
bro posted this 3 hours ago and it already has 95k views😭😭
i've been there
I love the corner store!!
Sometimes, I like to think back to the small town I grew up in and to the corner store that you could find just next to the pharmacy. It was somewhat poorly maintained, with the trees making the corner of the parking lot inaccessible. However, on the inside one was treated with the fresh scent of cookies and friendly smiles from the handful of neighbors who happened to be there then.
I think this guy likes corner stores
Bill is too real for people to really grasp but they still love his work.  Bill, your honesty and even your "lies" are astoundingly true. Beautiful work and also very inspiring.
Why does this feel like the intro song for a Bill Wurtz PBS kids show?
Nice Bill
somehow i get the vibes that this is from the perspective of someone living in a post apocalyptic world
I’m getting omega mart vibes
This is the wurtz song I have ever heard!
I appreciate all the angel numbers you dropped in here. I see you 👀
I listened to this before noa
ima play this on my way to the corner store
Goodness gracious that must have taken some time to animate. I love your videos, the way you just do your own thing inspires me, I love there weird aesthetics and clashes and, it's just some beautiful art man. Thank you
yo aisle 1 has a full service deli what an amazing store
This man was definitely fried on acid at a corner store.
My favorite line was "at the corner store you remember who you are though it slips away, then remember more." It's this cool feeling I can't explain but I relate to it because every time I go grocery shopping I always dance around and just be hyper without caring so in way when I come back home I realize that's it's fun to not care what people think of you in public and to just have fun being yourself while doing the simple or small things in life🎈gonna have this song on repeat let's gooo
Hmmmmmmmmmmmm ok cool :D
a pretty dangm good video
📐store
Bill is having way too much fun rendering in 3D.  Also, if I owned a corner store, I’d be looking to purchase a license to use this music in my advertisement.
I've worked at a corner store and I can conform that when you're inside the day does last forever.
imma be honest this might be the best looking thing bill has ever made
is this what an acid trip at a corner store feels like
I am gonna say "hi" to all the stores I pass by
When he said the song title would have four words and the song starts with "at", I immediately thought of "at the grocery/clothing/diamond store" thanks to christmas isn't real.  I failed to factor in the existence of corner stores... :")      Love this song as always!
I love this music, it’s like bill takes whatever comes to mind and makes it slap
So bill thinks everything should be $5.00?? I think he just solved all economic crisis’
The way he describes the store makes it sound like a liminal space, but like, “benevolent”
That was extremely awesome!
I will 100% be singing this next time I go to the store. It's so dangm catchy and somehow makes me nostalgic for the little mom n pop market on the corner that never existed in my world. This makes me feel a sense of wonderment and community like Sesame Street and Mister Rogers did 35 years ago. I don't understand how you did that.
I can't wait for the next time I go to the corner store, I'm going to play this song and vibe while shopping haha I whish to hear this on the speakers in the store! Just to dance to it and jiggy with each item I pick out😂💓Love this I was waiting and he never disappoints!
i’m not high enough for this
High quality as always, made my day
Thank you for still creating bill I love your creativity so much
Does this man ever miss?
Mmmm makes me nostalgic for the time i worked in a convenience store. We also sold liquor, so it's very difficult to make me nostalgic for it haha
Amazing.
Lmao
how does he make these? :0
The brilliance of his musical arrangements only makes me want to practice my craft all the more. And it’s friggin’ hilarious.
I could spend hours in a corner store.
I always like Bill's videos before watching them.  You just know you're going to love them all
Love the 3d!!
Roblox sim
wake up babe, new bill wurtz song just dropped
Imma tell my kids this was Blank Banshee
You’ve improved so much over the years!
wooo
I'm starting to think all the lyrics of Bill Wurtz songs are actually some kind of cryptic message...
The amount of detail is insane! In the scene with the roller shutter the light subtly moves around in the background in tandem with it!
LOL this is so funny
dun-da-dun-dun-dun
theme song of group of teenagers messing around one night doing wholesome shenanigans
I wish my local corner store made me feel this way
I didn't know what to put in my comment, but I wanted to comment, so here's a comment.
It's like a Mario 64 hometown small city
Dude i just love your music :) thanks.
so poetic
this is what it sounded like when i walked into a kwik trip for the first time
A duck Walked up to a corner store. And he said to the woman running the store, hey. Bum bum bum. Got any Grapes
i thought its roblox video from the thumbnail lol
i love the corner store
The real question is: Does the corner store sell grapes?
Better and better, Bill.
My enjoyment is measurable and my day is made.
I’m still trying to figure out if he writes the lyrics to these himself, or if he lets an AI do it, and put it to music. I love his content either way. Keep going Bill!
loving this consistency bill! 💚💚💚
I have a newfound appreciation for my local CVS now, thank you bill wurtz
This is like from the unknown Talking Heads album
2:05 reminds me of how a lot of western tourists react to Japanese convenience stores. I feel like bill missed an opportunity here. Coulda made the most beautiful tribute to the konbini.
Nice corner store
Bill is an incredible animator. He animated a whole store and city just for a song. I’m loving this new style of video!
The legend is back
Would Bill Wurtz's genre of music be whimsical?
Everything is pretty cheap, $5, even. However, a banana? $14 great big smackaroos, a whole $78k for one box and $22k for another. Love this economy.
:O
My dad there yet?
Honey wake up Billt Wurtz posted another song
Bill... is April 19 your birthday too? Two years in a row with a vid on the same day seems more than coincidence. Thank you again for your musical treats to the world <3
grafic ert
Reminds me of a VHS thing I watched constantly as a child...Imaginaria?
This is a very spacious and well-stocked corner store. Clean, too. Seems in some ways more of a store than a corner store.
baha the box is $22222
Was anyone else expecting a duck meme?
here before a million likes
You totally know you have to stop procrastinating when even a song about a corner store seems too interesting xD
Plot twist:  The corner store is actually open 24/7  We were lied to.
love this
The instrumentation is so much denser in this one. And the production is especially tight too.
OH YEAH MAN!
Your bill wurtz has learned 3d modeling
give to this mans Patreon, he makes some of the best content.
Its weird how he made this video the day I found a new corner store that opened recently, and I tried it today for the first time, and experienced the feelings he is saying.
Just dont get the milk and never comeback
This song sounds like if Capitalism™ had a wacky sitcom theme song.
to those of you who talked to me last time about surgery, it went great I post this knowing it will 100% be buried and left unnoticed, but i leave it anyways
Bill please put your entire modeled world into one world where we can visit and hang out together
That was very cool :DDD
Yay, another amazing song!
next level... with all them bgs xd
woah full 3d graphics!
Bro I don't hope I can stay there forever, I hope I can get out in under 3 minutes
Somehow he makes something as mundane as a convince store into a musical interesting visually captivating experience.
Alright he mastered blender. Everyone abandon hope of salvation. He will get us all
The detail on the cars are so mesmerizing it’s so detailed
ZAMN this is good fr fr
I always feel like I am in another world when watching these vids. A world where everything is just a bit off to the point where you can't make sense of what is happening.
just common knowledge that the best way to read a magazine is to rip all the pages out and lay them on the floor
Im tall and handsome  ONLY WHEN IM ON THE CORNER STORE  DUDUDNDUDJDNDUDND7DNA DANDAN
going to open my own (corner) store but all of the walls are screens playing this on repeat
That dun-da-dun-dun-dun goes so hard
I like your funky flow
HE HATH RETURNED
All I can say is "Dangm"
I think this is my new favourite song
The song is giving me arg vibes
finally they let him in
babe wake up bill wurtz posted
Beautiful
1:39 best part
well this is just diddly jolly
I think the corner store is a metaphor
gta 6 graphics
There is something incredibly magical about this and i love it!
I'm so beyond happy Bill is a person who exists. His music brings me a joy I can't find anywhere else. Please never stop, Bill.
clicked on this the moment i saw it, idk why i dont have notifs on
I squee every time bill posts a new video.
Don’t pee on the floor use the commodore
fucking place doesn't even sell corners
bro that snare sounds so good
This might be the most topical bill wurtz song in a good while. All the other songs start with like "This is a window" and then in a minute theyre talking about being friends with elephants and facing existential dread. This one is all about the corner store.
Ok
Awesome music as always
I swear, Bill can write a song about ANYTHING mundane and make it cool as heck!
AYO ITS BILL WURTZ
Gas station stores must be really jealous of the superior corner stores.
So uh It’s not just me, right? This is Freeze Your Brain but less emo?
you: the door me, an intellectual: that rectangular hole in the wall
Hell yeah
Damn, this is one of the best wurtz videos sp far
Bro can we get another entire history of (insert subject) I guess cos why not
I actually go to the Wawa, which is kinda similar. It caused all local fast food stores nearby to close down except for pizzerias like Dominoes.
Lol
everyone talking about the awesome visuals but I just want to say the song was beautiful, one of my favourites you've done
i sure do love me a good store where they sell fine quality corners
Im curious what program is used to make these awesome videos
"I'm tall and handsome"   hang on, did bill wurtz just say something unrelatable????
Topping all store charts around the world soon
Everything is $5 now
Mr. Wurtz, I am begging you to make an album
this is so cool
Please get eggs
>Makes cool music >Makes a city with graphics better than roblox a multi-billion dollar company >Cornerstore
Imagine Bill's video style on Sesame Street or something. The kids would lose their minds with how creative it is.
Dangm, ▶️ *store* is a pretty big chain
sweet
this is the stuff I like Bill for, these wholehearted, effort-taking masterpieces that the works on with passion and thats just who I want to be. Thanks Bill, thank you for being a role model, have an awesome month! C:
Pretty sure this man deserves a spot in the Human Hall Of Fame (located in the corner store of course)
These things are largely illegal in America. Unlike other nations, houses can't be near businesses in the majority of cases, and that's infuriating
bill  wurtz, now in 3D!!!
Eeee
Banger as always
instant classic
Wow he really took his blender skills to the next level here.
you mastered entire 3d modelling damnn
I work at the corner store :3c
Still looks better than the Halo show
10/10 visuals. 10/10 song. 10/10 for putting the magazine on the floor so I can read it.
epic
Goddamn, this is quality shit, take me to the corner store now my guy
The song of my people       My last name translates to corner store owner
It's like a music version of abstract art, you dont understand a word of it, but damn it's a banger  Never change bill
Corner Lore? I don't even think there's lore here
If hid old videos had a mix of 3D modeling... I would just be amazed, or just anything random in 3D can just make me entertained.
ive already watched this like 80 times and you basically just posted it. help im trapped  EDIT WAIT THIS IS MY CORNER STORE SPECIFICALLY ALL THE BUILDINGS MATCH WHAT THE FUCK
Wow, this is a really crazy animation even by Bill Wurtz standards. Not to mention that the song is a complete bop. Great video as always!
so the store relocated to mount everest but flew off and went back to it's initial location? sounds like a smart business move.
babe wake up bill wurtz posted
When we called, he answered.
3:03 bill is 4d now, and the corner store is the tesseract lol
Hello corner store, you are my best friend
I love gta 6
This seemingly is nostalgic
Thank you for blessing us with frequent uploads
this track is fucking genius
"Dangm" you said? Hold your vulgar tongue, the proper spelling is obviously "Darng"
Which Software plz reply 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Today is a good day
2:14 that banana costs $14,239 ouch
very epic
Bill Wurtz just improves my vibe so much
Honestly I’d imagine a “History of the United States” video done this way.
I'm gonna call the phone number
Remember when Bill Wurtz videos were only 2D? The wonders of technology...
There are so many words to describe this
one video wonder.
thanks to this song, i remembered i need to buy something i can't remember what i need to buy tho
what kinda car you drive?  shape
I love the way the lyrics go around the store, it just fits so well
He really just be finding excuses to get better at blender.
is this about.. the mystification of... the corner store.
putting magazine pages on the floor of your store is pretty weird but it seems so logical, so sensible
i'm dancing to this, this is perfect!!
Babe come quick! Bill Wurtz dropped a new banger!
nice corner store.
always a good day when bill uploads
Got any grapes?
s/o to all the stores on corners I have been to
why is this song so sad?
The instrumentation is so much denser in this one. And the production is especially tight too.
✨❤
dang that's good music. made me tear up honestly. i love your work :)
the legend himself has called     and I have answered
c o r n er
Bill wurtz is history
at the corner store
Have I seen this before?
I feel like I've heard this before
Damn this is his best yet.
whoa
I watched this at a corner store It burned down 6 hours after I left Thanks bill
holy shit that ending
Can someone make a bass boosted mix of this?
i am now a legend., i watched a bill wurtz video the day it was uploaded. I love his wacky style
"the rectangular hole in the wall" LMAO
(:                   :)
production value through the roof
Bill... is this BLENDER?
Dun-da-dun-da-dun (:
Legend is back
finally you uploaded in my timezone sotra
i love that every song title is just the first five words 😂👌
1 year ago today he released a song named money and it's the exact same time long as this one
Didn't see the notif but i had a strange feeling to check your channel (happens every few months) and you just uploaded, what a wonderful coincidence
I feel like bill wurtz's songs
Very gud song, 1028921/10
Such a banger
This was really lit. 🔥🔥🔥🔥 Holy crap I really like this song. I wish I could like it twice.
Bill just keeps adding to the toolbox
this is capitalist propaganda.  why did you make this?
another certified banger
I'm frankly astounded by how far Bill has come, he's made an entire 3D modeled town! Fantastic work dude!!! You are an amazing music artist and 3D artist!
I would love to live in this city
dun da dun dun dun
I seriously can't put into words how much I love this song omg
I really want to go to that corner store
Props for just the detailed door stickers alone haha!
"This video was sponsored by David's corner store!"
I would like to play "Billiam Wurzz World Simulator 3D" please.
Store lore:
I'm discovering that my taste in art  is "optimistic take on boring realism" and Bill Wurtz knows how to scratch that itch.
in the corner store?
okay bill, but did they had the oat milk I like?
Amazing content on a quick delivery
from bill's question page: "4.8.22 7:32 pm Please, tell me how can I be a normal person. I am desperate." "have you thought about going to the corner store"
I'm writing in Bill Wurtz for president - I'm a single-issue voter, and that issue is more corner stores
First word: Die Last word: Closes
Imagine if an actual store had Bill make an ad for them
Bill Wurtz:uploads Everyone’s day:🌅
Bill's music will bring about: World Peace
Paid for by big corner store
What store did you go to that was so good you decided to make this? Seriously, I wanna go there.
Bill's Great Vibe Drops Again! Strong Lyrics Man!
I'm so beyond happy Bill is a person who exists. His music brings me a joy I can't find anywhere else. Please never stop, Bill.
Imma get my bodega to play this
When the corner store's out of corners
why am i getting like a dreamcore vibe from watching his videos
The best place to buy products with right angles. 📐
I am really enjoying the 2 week scheduled uploads
The production value!!!!!
Wurz is back baby
THE KING IS BACK
Vibe
Bill's music scratches a certain part of my brain and I am so here for it
what is this song about?
It's nice when bill wurtz uploads
I love how the corner store is a representation of comfort and feelings place in these chaotic world. especially considering most if not all societies have a corner store near then and can relate to how it can represent them as a person or even as a culture. A corner store you can be at peace and feel safe cause you know it has everything you need. However you can’t avoid reality forever and the store must close forcing us out of comfort and into chaos. This is my interpretation after listening to it once I would to hear others interpretation. I just love bill wurtz
This looks amazing wth i love this
I love thinking about if Bill's songs are analogies for lessons or ideas. This time I'd like to say that the corner store is a representation of life and death, and how great it feels to be alive at times. However, it always closes in the end.
Now this is another level of advertising (if it were, obviously)
This feels like an arg
Corner store beats to relax to
I cant be the only one hoping for a Duck Song reference
I'm frankly astounded by how far Bill has come, he's made an entire 3D modeled town! Fantastic work dude!!! You are an amazing music artist and 3D artist!
when he was at the corner store. I felt that
I like to think Bill forgot his wallet when shopping and had to pay with a catchy tune
Watching this when it's 1 hour old.
My love for bill wurtz accounts for 50% of my love for humanity
Town.
Bill!!!!!
babe wake up bill wurtz posted
Cant wait to watch his video in another year
Me at the corner store
YAyyYyyyy new video
Freese your brain (song about 7/11) - heather heather's sperictual successor
Accurate
This is what I consume for my 0:00 snack of course along with the 7/12s of a child
hiii
Glad to see you back
Bill's 3D art style has converged with the nostalgic and whimsical yet polished vibe of his music and I can't get enough of it.
Another great video!
An anthem for liminal spaces
He learned 3D and went ham.
|_🏪
YESSSS
t amo bill
Sometimes I wonder what History of the entire world, I guess would be like if Bill made it today
SO CLOSE TO 69420 VIEWS
Hey
I love how the shutters close off the entire store, not just the windows and door
Love it
This is so incredibly catchy and well rendered; your uploads always bring a smile to my face
2:56 just for me :)
Dangm, indeed
I can already tell this is going to be popping up in my head for a good long while Thanks, I love it :y
Dangm!
ah this was really eye opening, I'll be sure to visit my local corner store tonight
0:39 I like how myself is completely opposite lol
Never looking at my corner store the same
can we get corner store merch?
Why is this one of those song you would listen to on reapeat for a week straight
Giving life is a highway vibes
Love this song
unironically boppin
3008
dangm
finally he is back
okay but the part about the cover of the magazine exploded my music brain
You can never predict the lyrics in Bill’s wacky songs
Petition for 7-Eleven to commission bill wurtz to write all their jingles.
c o rn e r
Cashier : ah shit its this bitch again
Wow bill you've come so far!
I love this!! This is practacly how i feel with barns and noble store. Lol❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🌸🌸
"Hell that's pretty good"!
I have grown to appreciate stores and corners. Thanks Bill
babe wake up, bill wurtz uploaded.
He makes everyday things and places sound so majestic 😍
Definitely my favourite song out of all of the Bill wurtz songs, i like all the other songs but these lyrics just hit different
This man animates whatever the heck he wants and doesn't give a heck
Why does this give me déjà vu???
ooooooo
if i owned a corner store i know exactly what music i'd have playing (the answer is probably this one)
What are all these garbage vids on this channel.?
another one??? thank you mr wurtz
I want to live with Bill at my local corner store forever
I wanna see the corner store man
Damn, I find this masterpiece an hour after it comes out and then realize that he has produced two songs since I last checked...
I want to visit this in the metaverse
one day I'm gonna figure out what these songs mean
if this was not modeled off the key food in jersey city, it is uncanny how similar it is!
:0 BILL!!!!
This has better animation and models than some of the movies I have seen my 6 year old cousin watch.
Out of all the songs hes made this one makes the most sense
BIRTHDAY WURTZ?!    'Preciate all that you make my mans thanks anytime anywhen
awesome
"A duck walked up to a corner store,"
“Honey, Bill Wurtz just dropped a new song”
omg
Babe wake up! New STORE lore just dropped!
This has good taste of Vaporwave in it
Babe wake up Bill Wurtz just posted
how much time did you spend on making all these scene & animation?
I feel inspired to go to the local corner store for some reason.
<3
Did you see a duck at the corner store? Just asking for a friend.
I’m not sure how you manage to make a corner store seem like a magical place using music and animation but you do and it is amazing
Sausages
its just me or bill's more recent songs seem a little more hopeful or whatever the word is ? /pos hope bill's doing well!!
New Yorkers talking about convenience stores like
🔥💯✅fire song
Yoooooo
Bill will never not make a banger song and video
Thanks Bill, honestly
You know you are in Bill Wurtz’s universe when the door randomly opens and shuts
SUCH A VIBE
I have a confession - my local corner store is in the middle of the street
A duck walked up to a corner store...
Wurtzville looking mighty fine.
This town looks like roblox and I love it lmao
Bill is and always will be a legend
Babe wake up new Bill Wurtz dropped
3:05 I really want to learn music so I can figure out what it is going on right here, that makes me so hyped and happy. Idk what causes that feeling, but its whatever method is used here.
2:38 corner store on mt. saint helens
The amount of detail is insane! In the scene with the roller shutter the light subtly moves around in the background in tandem with it!
Me rn 🕺🕺🕺🕺💃🕺💃🕺💃🕺💃
this guy can write a song about the color red and it still be a bop
this is the happiest bill wurtz song I've heard :') my heart
Like subscribe click on the bell
2:47 I love the pleasant little piano notes Bill Wurtz adds to his songs sometimes. Lovely.
Holly shit this is insane dude! You've improved so much!! :D
ROBLOX
I love how the banana is 14,239$ loll 2:14
yum.
A duck walked up to the corner store
this one is SUCH a banger.
A duck walked up to a corner store!
As I watch more of these videos, I get the sad feeling that bill is documenting his slow descent into madness for an audience of millions of people. These short joke videos are becoming  truly unhinged and have lost any semblance of a punch line. The history of the world/Japan was at least coherent.
it's always a good day when bill uploads
You beautiful beautiful man. We love you
i need to dream about going to bill city with everything else detailed
Bill's music is like your mind at 3 in the morning and I love it
then it closes.
literally my favorite modern musician
How long does it take to model everything and animate it all?
yes
Absolutely brilliant! April just got a whole lot better.
Wurtz funk is easily the best genre
Bill wurtz cool I guess.
can we have this song playing at our local 7/11?
CORNER STORE 😮😮😮
This was result of Bill smoking a bit too much and going down to the local CVS, I bet
Dangm this one is a Jam
the king is back
idk man, I feel like he's lost his touch. IMO his last decent track was 'Im a princess' he hasn't released anything since that's got that same melodic catchiness..this is just bland and boring...the animation is cool but idk yeah
Why do all of bill wurtz's songs make me want to cry?
"But in a store you'll find the day lasts forever."  Goddamn is that ever true...
This song accurately describes what it feels like being in a convenience store.
Yoooooo
Sometimes I wonder how a dark Bill Wurtz would sound like (something in the veins of "the sun is a deadly laser")
As an animator I know how hard it is to create a 3D animation like this. Bill is so talented. His animation is as good as his music
This is a trippy banger.
That’s a real nice corner store nice produce section and everything I’m impressed
Bill is tall and handsome.
“When the world needed him most he came back” ~us
:D
some say he’s from an alternate universe communicating his everyday daily life
knowing the truth about Bill broke my heart and made me cry, poor ex GF it all started when I went to maun.Lol this break me hurt That April Fools joke was funnier than it needed to b Xsh
Reminds me of being a very young girl walking a few blocks to the corner store with my dad. He's gone now, but this reminds me of that time. Thank you Bill ♡
Take my money bill wurtz and corner store
Tag yourself I'm the corner store
Bill,     I discovered you through your history of the world video, which I thought was amazing. I've watched your entire catalog and i like what you do. It's creative and somewhat abstract and surreal but at the same time relatable and damn catchy. You're a super talented guy and you're slaying it in 2 (or three depending on how you count) different medias and I love seeing new videos from you pop up on my subs.   Keep doing
Oh my god he posted a new video
these songs keep getting better and better
Ur tall and handsoooome
When we needed him the most, he returned.
Suddenly, a duck walked up and asked for a grape
Bill Wurtz has totally outdone himself. This is amazing
Better than the metaverse
Bill Wurtz models a realistic corner store  The perfect end to a perfect day.
Ah shit bill wurtz is three dimensional what the fuck
this one unironically slaps
Dont bump into corner store once, bump into it 74929 times
I love corner store.
This is really a bop
This is a song about a corner store
"I'm tall and I'm handsome"  "Excuse me, I read that wrong: I'm a dunce"
I didn't think it was even possible to adequately recreate the "experimental early-80s CGI" kind of appeal with modern graphics. But here we are and I love it. Like, this is *obviously* leagues above what could be done in the time period, but the feel of it is captured just right.
Is Bill showing us what it feels like to be genuinely happy about everything?
These remind me of early tech demos in the 80’s and 90’s. Stiffly ethereal
This is actually how I feel about corner stores.
3d
AFTER LESS THAN A MONTH YOU RELEASE A BANGER BILL!!
I like to imagine this song came about while he was mumbling to himself at the store
You are the best, bill.
Honestly bill, me too.
Love it!!
this is CLEAN—!
Jay and Silent Bob like this.
This one hit me different. I like Billz work, but I haven't been feeling the last couple as much. Then this. Wow. The last time I was that down was with Here Comes the Sun.
This song is a bop and now I want to go to this store-
Every song you make is great, but this one, in particular, is quite the bop
I know he's been back for a while now but man am I so glad he came back
I can imagine this dude going into his local store and trying to come up with the lyrics to this video. Like his imagination is working while he’s doing everyday things and he turns them into art for this little corner of the internet (Pun intended)
Your still alive!!!!!
Weird
This is somehow the most technically difficult to animate, and the one with the most nonsensical animations too
I saw this video and I'm like "dangm"
Dude. Give me some of whatever drugs you use. Because good lord
dangm this video is fire
what if bill wurtz made a game? i think he would be a great game as he already knows how to make music and 3D models. the only other thing needed to do is actually making the game work.
1:17 thats an actual quote from my mom
love it!
wake up babe, bill wurtz just uploaded
Wow so cool
Corner store
We've evolved into fully realized 3D environments. You're just on fire Bill!
Amazing :D
I can definitely relate to this song corner stores are so comfortable and it just feels nice even seeing it
I normally listen to your strange melodies but the chaos coupled with a cramped public space gave me anxiety.
what kind of drugs was he smoking when he made this and where can i find them... asking for a friend
The man. The myth. THE LEGEND
I like how the corner store begins to ascend space-time at the end. Of and the entire thing, I like that too.
AWOOGA
the fact that each song gets more and more coherent it makes me think that he's making his own lyric generator and each song is just the next version
This makes me wanna go to the Corner Store
I feel like all of these songs have a hidden meaning inside the musical nonsense.
Kinda more random than usual but i still love it
no way he uploaded
Yooooooooo
In all seriousness this city seems nice   Oh, it’s New Jersey
you never know what genius you have until you lose him
The duck walked up to the corner store and he said to the- oh wait wrong song.
I feel like Bill Wurtz is the embodiment of "don't let them know ur next move" and I love it
Funky
He said on his website that he wouldn't release the next music video on 4/20, so he instead posted it on the eve of 4/20 just to make that 1 guy that asked mad.
nice song
real at the airport terminal vibes i love it
Les goo
I'm jamming to this
YESSSS
Me:we need to go to the store Mom:we have a corner store Corner store:
im convinced bill just lives his daily life, sees an everyday thing, and then decides "time to make a song"
Holy shit this slaps.
3D WOAH
W
bill wurtz video ON MY BIRTHDAY. life is good
He's evolving
Watching this just gives me so much happiness, like all of your other videos.
!! New bill wurtz >:DDF
new favorite song is about corner stores and i couldnt be happier
HE’S BACK!
Bill wurtz is like Jack stauber takes a bit to upload but when its out its awesome
Totallyme when I do not go to the corner store
My thoughts and feelings about corner stores have changed.
dangm
everyone here is talking about how great living in a city made by bill would be but they're forgetting about the creatures that come out at night
I loved how it got more corrupt as it went on
your music is really starting to become.... something like self actualization? idk but it sounsd right to me!
Hi
revolutionizing music theory since before time was a concept
bread
Everybody waiting for the history of some European country idk
The legend is back
*karina drawfee voice* bill, did you learn blender??????
Those harmonies at the end were great.
This could honestly be in a movie
I will never ignore his masterpieces
I always get so happy seeing more of these 3D Bill Wurtz videos
And one day we will all be together💙
Hey bill good to see ya thank you for the tasty content <3
I would kill SEVERAL PEOPLE just to have this playing in my towns corner store Ù-Ú
Amazing 3D environments! Wonderful combination of stylised, simple elements and lots of detail too!!!!
This looks like yoyle city from bfdia
I feel so blessed every time this being brings us these wonderful gifts Also they're getting pretty good at understanding how the human world works
Damn, cranking out the videos lately aren't we. I love it
And the high prices kill your soullllll
Just and idea for a new song but this is just and idea but making a song of mack and cheese would be cool
I don’t even know what to say, this is just really astounding YouTube video. I don’t like YouTube videos that often but this blew away my expectations. 10/10 would listen again
I know,i can
The visuals just keep getting exponentially better.
Bill has somehow figured out how to make a world both surreal and nostalgic. I love it.
bro's gonna make a song about grass ne- *oh*
Nice
I feel like you should be an SNL music guest
early ig
For your pleasure, if you were curious.  Sign outside:  "message: <can't quite read the first line> vs3dfnqud1vd2hy og1197lnnfxh1i 8xtg5ew32cmu190 rstw9pex5uayr5b 7588rngizti8bc28 thanks  <I thing I got that right?>  Aisle 1: sauce - ketchup        fresh produce mayonnaise              salad dressings vinegars                                     full service deli  Aisle 2: pastas                       canned seafood spaghetti sauce       prepared food dry - canned soups      goya <sorry, cannot read>     canned vegetables  Aisle 3: cold cereal                coffee - tea hot cereal                  pancake syrup - mix peanut butter - jelly     baking goods cooking oils              bread  Aisle 4: disposable cups - plates     baby foods brick pak juices                     soda - water bottled juices                        canned fruits cookies                                   candies - popcorn  Aisle 5: cleansers - cleanars      paper goods dish detergent                fabric softener foils and wraps               laundry detergent  Aisle 6: eggs                                frozen vegetables milk                                 french fries ice cream                       desserts frozen dinners  Tiny signs in Aisle 6: ice cream international desserts breakfast frozen juices pizza frozen dinners frozen fish oriental frozen vegetables
Bill released this song exactly one year after he came out with Money. I can’t believe this year has gone by so fast. Thanks bill for showing up when we needed you!
The long-awaited sequel to At The Airport Terminal
instructions unclear, i have been banned from the corner store
BOP
This is captivating ❤️
I love this
This is the most coherent thing I've ever heard from here..
This brought me immeasurable joy.
This man modeled a whole ass grocery store just to write a song about it Max respect
This is me when I'm at the corner store.
This song is a perfect description of liminal space
wait wheres the duck walking up to the corner store
This somehow manages to exactly capture that feeling of wonder you had when you were a kid and you went to the convenience store
Consistently fantastic
That feeling in the corner store when I was a child was unimaginable, but then this guy literally just uploaded a song about it, and now I can’t relate any better!
this has "at the airport terminal" vibes lyrics wise, they parallel each other a bit. amazing work as usual!
pog
dun dun dun dun dun
Liminal space vibes ngl
Must have had a bloody good time with the CGI/rendering. Go wild, man. Also that song got super vibey like 30 seconds in, pretty awesome my dude
First
im happy now
the corner store: a ducks third favourite place, behind a lemonade stand and his/her home pond
The lyrics had more sense than the previous ones
Looks like you n a friend had yourselves an ADVENTURE! 27 pages on the floor, but you may only see 27 sheets, but there are 55 faces. Plus 1. Mine. Quack! ...at the not rite aid... ...you can get lost in the toy isle lol...
it's very true
I'm genuinely impressed at the new 3D animations, they've all been super well done, and always improving!
Did anyone else call the Corner Store?
You should sell this to an ad company. I now feel a sudden urge to go to the corner store
Airport Terminal: “one day soon we’ll all be together”  Corner store: “one day we will all be together”
it's important to note that bill is a shop at the corner store type of guy
bill wurtz videos >
yo pog
me when bill wurtz: :0 shapes and colors and sounds :3
These things are good, they still feel like what I imagine an LSD trip is like
This just rocks so hard.
Makes me think of the corner store in Jane’s Addiction’s Been Caught Stealing.
Please God why can't I live in bill wertz world please why
I can’t help but feel that at least part of this was written in a corner store
this corner store makes me feel like i could find anything inside
I would find it hilarious if this played in the nearby corner store
This songs remind me of my grandma bakery which literally called the corner bakery.
the man strikes again with another strangley wholesome banger.
Bill has blessed us with plenty of music this year... Bill, are you okay? This isn't your normal.
i cant wait to say “back in my day, this was the latest hit”
The song ended but I wasn't done listening
i feel... motivated
omg
He just took his animation skills from 11/10 to 12/10
It’s somewhere between sounding profound and sounding like a set-up for a joke, and then it’s just neither? It’s just a bop with a random rant about a random topic
the duck song 2 vibes
I adore the 80s-ish cgi
im so scared that he’s gonna leave for a year again 😂   we gettin’ spoiled!
It really makes you think about all those corner stores out there
I can picture this being a jingle for a sitcom and I love it so much. Please keep making content, we miss you!  my favorite video is the history of everything, or the world. and the one about Japan.
Straight Nasty. I mean that in the most positive way possible. That dun-da-dun-dun-dun part slapped me right in the joy knob.
amazing visuals
okay but like bill is kind of genuinely a good music artist in terms of music and not just memes- like it's very funny but it also really does sound like a cool song that i might add to a playlist-  bravo 👏👏/gen
Is that the street from got some money
Wake up babe, new Bill Wurtz song just dropped
This has to be bill's best work yet. Wow, just wow.   - the part at 1:37 is incredible  - if you pause around 2:10, you can see his iconic text is actually placed in the 3d environment, and not just overlayed
This song seems to tell the story of returning to a place you used to visit during your childhood.
I like corners and store so 7/10
Why do all his songs make me feel so happy :)
dangm
Babe wake up new Bill Wurtz song just dropped
Bill, you are a genius, thank you for making this wonderful music
This inspired me to walk to the corner store
based wurtz
man i sure do hope that duck isnt involved
Store
Wow Bill's getting PG-13 with these lyrics
I love the bit at 3:14
BILL WURTZ IS BACKKK LETS GOOO EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
another masterpiece from the infamous bill wurtz  muah
most of bills songs have a really great meaning but this one really is just "CORNER STORE"
Another amazing song! We're so glad you're back
He lives
So the store is a time anomaly within the time anomaly that is the bill wurtz world
truly, this man is today's Edvard Munch
"Dangm"
"Dangm"
::runs to 7/11 crying::
This is an instant classic, one of his very best songs to date. The hook motifs are so good here
Can you write a musical
My knees are weak
me trying to resist the urge to recreate the entire city as a map in a game i work on djfnmfggksnskd
Small shops and corner stores have always felt "right" to me. As someone who doesn't like big crowds, long aisles, or seven different brands/versions of the same thing, the C-store has always had a closer, less agoraphobic, more at-ease feel. There is almost always a thing the store carries, or offers as a service that a large supermarket doesn't, often at a better price. And when you go there often enough, you get to know the staff on a first-name basis. Sometimes I like hopping over to the gas station to grab lunch and chat with the people there on a lazy day off. It's cozy. Familiar. Very much loose and devil-may-care. And this song somehow captured that feeling just so. Thank you, Bill. Keep on truckin'.
OMG HES ALIVE
A duck walked up to corner store-
Now Mr. Wurtz is getting all Holly-wewd with big budgets and graphics teams. Go back to your rewts man!
If I hear this song playing in an actual corner store the next time I go to one, I will actually lose my mind.
This is such a step up from the previous videos i love it
Someday Bill will get rich enough off of his art to make this store a real chain across the world.
YESSS HE HAS RETURNED
After watching the whole vid: I guess it didn't last forever. :,(
pog
Wow Cool!
Babe wake up bill uploaded
I love little corner stores, there is such a cute vibe, and this song is perfect -)
Hope you're well!!
At this rate the next video’s gonna be cgi
I want Bill to design all the music videos
Nice
Ooh yeah
2022: "Season of the corner store"
The corner store’s logo is a corner.  That’s good graphic design and marketing right there I tell you what.
0:38 this part just hits different
Te quiero mucho Bill Wurtz
Make another history video. Those are what made your channel popular. We don't care about these random song videos.
Why does this feel like a Jojo opening?
This makes me wonder if Bill writes the music first then animates, or makes the animation and then a song to go with it, adding lyrics last
bill wurtz uploaded today is a good day
I'm very surprised that most of the animation is actually coherent and not just random colors everywhere.  anyways, amazing video! I can tell you put a lot of effort into this and I can't wait for the next one!
Bill wursts is the only man to make 3 min song about a corner store with simplistic 2d/32 details in a catchy beat and tune with a rotating camera
This make me happy.
He came backkk!!!!!!
This has broken into my top 5 list of Bill Wurtz songs, and I'm feeling it's in close contention with ladedadedadedadedayo for possibly the best. This is a certified bop.
Bill will forever remain a YouTube legend. 🙌
for goodness sake, please go back to the entertainment and leave the music industry :(
Wake up bill wurtz posted
*i'm tall and handsome*
How are you still pushing out gold after all these years, man?
The part where Bill sings "but in a store you'll find / the day lasts forever" is a subtle nod to the fact that working in any store (and particularly one with fluorescent lighting) will give time the viscosity of tar
Bill Wurtz makes Fast Shopping sounds fun
the corner store
Stoer
This looks real good I can’t believe I came here within an hour!
I don’t even know what to say about this video it’s a corner store I don’t know this thing is weird
Store corner
Another bop by Mr. Wurtz
Each of bills songs feel so new but so farmilliar.
2:04 damn, let me get some of those $5 buildings
Bill Wurtz songs walk the fine line between deep, figurative lyricism, and just absolute nonsense. I love it.
He made me cry
Only Bill Wurtz can make me interested in hearing a song about visiting a corner store
isn't this unturned
"dun-da-dun-dun-dun"  10/10 lyric
I have deja vu for some reason when we zoom by the telephone number on the front of the Corner store
holy shit you just leveled up to 3D!!🎉
customer service was good. I would visit again
Hm very cornery
This fills my basket
Woah this looks absolutely amazing!!!
Cool animation and song in general tbh
My god Bill Wurtz has almost fully departed the 2D realm
The legend is back with another video!
Mr. Bill Wurtz, please make more “history of..” videos. I honestly don’t care what the history is regarding, anything that you produce on that front is the most entertaining thing ever.
admit it your day just got better when Bill wurtz just uploaded
I love this! This made my day better :)
3d. very great!!
Banger. King
when the cornerfolk jump to the cornerstore, it feels as though they're taunting me
WOAH
You gotta make a game with this type of graphics
This could honestly be an amazing local advertisement with some editing.
This was amazing in so many ways! The song is pretty catchy and great! Actually perfect go be vibin in the way to the store. And the animation, wow the enhancement from the last video is stunning! Wonderful job!
i like how a corner store is just a normal store on the corner of a sidewalk. and he decides to make an entire song about it
Knocked it out of the park Billiam, incredible stuff 🏪
as soon as i saw a new upload i started making monke noises
its 2am, and I'm at the corner store.
An animation?
mmmmm a tasty morsel
i think this may be the strangest bill wurtz upload as of yet
🍤 a✨e✨s✨t✨h✨e✨t✨i✨c 🍜
have you been to a corner store Bill?  have you visited earth Bill???? (good sogn)
Wow, eat your heart out, Pixar.
Yo this corner store is lit
hopefully it's not a closed mall
Corner stores are in fact temporal vortexes
I just realized that bill wurtz uses the most absurd mixes of instruments to make the music for these videos
I like that the can is priced at $99992 and the banana at $14329
Love it
He's popping off on a consistent basis now?!?!? New Bill, who dis??? I'm bada ba ba baaa McLoving It
slayed.
Oh! he never disappoints!
Does this shit bops or is is a variant of SCP-2432?   “You like the corner store, you like being in a corner store, you want to BE the corner store!”
He’s back!
Small locally owned corner stores are always the best Also restaurants and farmer markets
HES BACK
This might be my favorite Bill Wurtz song in a while. Really feeling this one!
This is the best advert for corner stores ever
out of context, but bill sounds like a surreal yoga teacher.
A masterpiece
These songs are so unique its insane
SPOTIFY!!!!!!! PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
hey wurtz
As always, bill has animated a fever dream for the 100th time
Your ambition is ever increasing, and you have the talent to match it!
The store being the only thing in detail makes it seem like a surreal dream, but it’s still so cool 😆
These new songs by bill took me a while to get used to. I always like the music but thought the lyrics were so weird I had trouble focusing when I wondered what he was trying to say. Now I think I get it. It doesn’t need to make too much sense as long as you can get the vibe of the lyrics, and now I can enjoy the music, which is a bop.
another beautiful day when this guy uploads
This one is SO good.
Cool how he modeled every item probably
Yeay w(°ｏ°)w
I’m just wondering— what did he model this in?
This music video  looking like Unturned.
vibes
If I ever get a job at a corner store, I’m gonna try and sneak this onto their speakers.
I see Bill did some shopping recently.
I love that guy
That dun-da-dun-dun-dun was incredibly addicting 👌
I love how, in purely lyrical terms, this is literally just a 3-minute riff on two words: "corner store".  No frame of reference, no context. Please, Bill - never change.
in other circumstances, i would think that the jerky camera motion/speed was annoying, but it really fits with bill's style imo
this isn't a fever dream, this is a whole terminal illness dream
the modelling in this video is insane, I couldn't imagine how long it would have taken to render. Great Video Bill :D
High-quality weird random goodness. 👍
dangm.
Wow I'm earlier than a white family at an airport
WURTZ DROP!!!
Eargasmic music
It's crazy how he can just make a song out of anything. Here's an example, he could probably make a song about clocks, or school,or even a frog.
The only times where I'm happy, is when I see that bill wurtz has released a new video
bill wurtz songs are either dreams, shower thoughts, or both.
HOW DID HE DO IT HE CAPTURED THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT THE CORNER STORE /pos  this is a certified corner store type beat and I'm loving ALL OF IT
Hello
This song makes me want to walk to the nearest *corner store* and just chillax
Damn, like his music skills, his 3d editing skills are so damn sick.
Bill really likes hills huh
He just keeps coming back
You know your in for a banger when Bill uploads a new song.
i now want to go to a corner store
Shit this is funky
I was just at a corner store today lol getting me some cola
hire this man as an urban city planner, watch the magic unfold
I would do anything for another history video. I watch the history of the world a couple times a year just to keep myself grounded
i can agree that this song is about corner stores
Suddenly I want to play a bill wurtz video game, a la Oikospiel
Someone make this a halflife map.
foreign language courses
He did release the new song in 4/19 (in his timezone probably) like he answered in the question in his website!
amazing
Never thought I'd see a music video about corner stores
What do we name this new city of Bill’s? Wurtzington? Billopolis?
This is a certified bop
But the real question is, do they have any grapes?
Woah
I feel like ever since bill’s videos have been posted more frequently, they seem more low quality than his previous songs However this is an exception
Living in a city made by Bill Wirtz would be the most interesting place because the world collapsing and being reshapen would just be normal
This is actually quite accurate to my emotions when entering a department store I like
noooo the corner store closed
NEW BILL WURTZ VIDEOOOOOO
A duck walked up do a corne-  NO
Who knew I'd want to visit a fictious cornerstore more than wanting to go home
That was inspirational
I was kinda waiting for a line that went "Clean up on isle 4, at the Corner Store!"   Eh...but that's probably not weird enough for Bill.
This really do be me at the corner store.
That is the best logo for a corner store I've ever seen.
NEVER EXPECTED THIS MUCH DETAIL FROM A BILL WURTZ VIDEO LOL
i had a strong reaction to magazine pages scattered on the floor of self-checkout apparently i have some unresolved issues from working at a grocery store
whens the new history video droppin
corner
The philosophy of bill’s videos is too much for me to handle
Bill droppin bangers on the regular and I'm here for it!
this was fantastic. thanks for so many uploads recently! always love and appreciate your work🙇‍♂️
Damm, bill must have a rtx 3090 to render something as amazing as this
Persona 4 hidden track
Crap, I forgot to get milk X(
store
Wow, Wurtz can make just going to 7-11 seem like going to Disneyworld doing a musical.
Wow!
This feels like it's your first week on antidepressants and you're almost overwhelmed by the fact that you're feeling things again.
we've officially entered the next dimension
I remember watching Bill talk about Mt Saint hellens and now making entire cities, detailed and everything!!! It's just so nice seeing how much he's mastered his craft!!
Babe wake up Bill Wurtz posted.
I feel like bill made this just to show off his blender animation skills and I’m all for it.
Yup, at the cornerstore moment
I love how visible the progression of bill's blender skills is
bill wurtz never fails to make us smile
He’s back!!
i need bill wurtz and Meow Wolf, creators of OmegaMart, to get together and create a physical art experience out of corner store
new bill wurt
This makes my ears happy
me working customer service: “but in the corner store, the day last forever”
This is the best song about a store since _Cloud Goes to the Convenience Store_ lol
You give me life.
here before 50k views 🥲
bill wurtz yet again sums up how my brain functions
Man you are getting good at 3D! Worth the hiatus
BILL IS ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??
You really upped the ante on the animation!
Bill...! ❤❤❤❤
YES
Nice 3D animation
Me when I have nothing to do
If this is how insanity is like then I want to be insane. Tbh, all of his songs are completely random, psychodelic(sry if misspelled this word), and looked like it was made by the person on crack. But even if I think of all these songs like this, I can't deny that this is a good quality content, and I love it, just because of this chaotic nature. That's why I am very happy that new videos are coming out quite frequently. Good luck Bill, I hope making this content and seeing how it brings smiles on other people's faces and making their life better makes you happy. I love u.
I love this. This is perfect.
This is just awesome.
me: *has notifications for Bill Wurtz uploads turned on*  YouTube: "I'm gonna pretend I didn't see that"
all corner stores should have to play this song 24/7
yes
Wurtzville would be a good name for this town
Bill Wurtz has been learning 3d animation pretty fast!
Bill Wurtz is the only man to be able to rhyme 'find' and 'forever'
vibes intensely in the CVS
Dollar General Theme Song right here
I love how your songs end abruptly. It makes me so confused but I get a good laugh out of it each time.
incredible work
I will never look at a corner store the same again
If a corner store plays this song in their store, I will buy and store one of everything in their store.
Dangm, this rocks
My kind of fever dream :)
Nice song
Your music makes me wanna do something, not sure what just something
It's brilliant. The day lasts forever in the corner store because you have to leave when the store closes and only after does the day end. Perhaps if you managed to not leave the store when it closes, you could live an eternal day, one that never ends and you can live out your days in the bliss of being in the corner store.  I say all corner stores should be open 24/7 to make this possibility a reality.
This type of shit is bad for the human brain and it’s development in the younger years.
what entices a person to 3D model a whole corner store and write a song about it? bill wurtz really is a national treasure
Damn, inflation's even hit the Bill Wurtz Cinematic Universe
best 3 minutes and 20 seconds spent in my entire life   im gonna put it on loop
This is amazing Bill truly
ok... so.. >> time last forever in the store >>> magazine paper all over the store >>>> the store moved to a top of a mountain >>>>> this could be a good horror game
It's a damn good night when Bill expresses himself
I see what you did there. Releasing it a day before the 4/20 to troll some of us.
✨And I’m dancing on the wall ✨    Another classic, Mr. Wurtz!
knowing the truth about Bill broke my heart and made me cry, poor ex GF it all started when I went to maun.Lol this break me hurt That April Fools joke was funnier than it needed to b TCL
The sun is a deadly Lazer on the outside of the corner store
anything this man makes is a straight up banger
wow, these songs are happening so often now, I love them!
The world reminds me a little bit of Katamari Damacy!  What fun!
I'm not even subbed yet and this was made 39 Minutes ago
Ooh new animation style! I like it
New favorite exclamation: “dangm”
Can I live here pls? ❤️
This is so cool. The 3D animation got even more detailed. It made me want to go to the store today 😂
Imagine if this was an ad for Actual store
Possibly my favorite song about corner stores
1:24 let's go to the luck-o-mat next! :)
the store of corners :D
this sounds SO GOOD, and like it would play at the start of a movie
Thanks for checking in I’m talllllll and handsome
So good
another amazing viseo from bill
this man does, not, miss!
Congrats on the sponsor from Corner Co.!
Cant wait for a Corner Store to open in my area!
Can't wait for the release of the corner store video game.
Are they hiring?
guy went from 1sec+ videos to this
This is next level rendering Amazing
Where’s the duck???
im emotional
Ahh yes the symbol of the middle class, the peak of infrastructure, and where you can get tiny bags of chips for over $1.50. The best place to go with your friends
My god, Bill has expanded out into 3D! He's taking his music to new dimensions!
I like how bill just sings whatever he wants to sing about
I really like that this one is a bit more on topic rather than the other ones that bounce around, not saying they aren't good but its a nice  little thing.
thank you for the video
Corner store moment
This is such a vibe 🔥🔥
love iiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttt
These 3D videos are great! Keep up the great work!
Thanks for another banger, Bill Wurtz ♥️
How does this guy somehow make 3 minute videos feel like a life experience?
Immediately think of the duck song
King Bill is back with his editing!
_Damn, now I want to go to the corner store._
the corners
new bill wurtz just dropped
Looks like I’m playing Unturned
my dream city
... he's broken into a rudimentary 3D world. .. he's getting stronger.
What a vibe
Corner stores are liminal spaces
The world was gifted something great when Bill Wurtz discovered 3d animation.
I was mad when the corner store got a new location and then so happy that it came back at the corner
p  o  l  y  g  o  n  s
Me: *doing nothing* Bill Wurtz: *uploads a new video* Me: *doing nothing but playing his video in the back ground*
can't wait for corner mall
I am a crack addict
a book called corners with only squiggly lines in it seems legit
Masallah
Great work i like this one
The end of this song really slaps
Another banger back from the legend him self
YES NEW CONTENT
If this was created by some corner store, they would be the most famous store in the whole country for decades. This sounds like a dance number in a commercial waiting to happen, I love it.
by far the SECOND best bill wurtz video ever! (y'all know which one im talking bout)
look at this corporate shill oh my god  /s
They should have never ever given Bill access to 3D graphics
wow hi bill
It's always a good day when Bill uploads. Never ceases to make me smile. 😁
He can make a really good roblox game with his modeling
This song is actually really good ngl
I’m not sure what it is, but Bill Wurtz content has something, that I’ve never seen anywhere else. It’s so random yet so poetic.
This is a really good song! So catchy too.
it’s the most technologically advanced corner store ever
loving every bit of this as per usual!
Amazing video
Oh man, it must have taken so long to fill up the 3D store rendering with all that stuff
This man accurately represents everyone's nonsensical day dreams in sound and visual. Its truly amazing.
slaps like usual
While there are people who make songs about themes like love, betrayal, politics etc, Bill makes songs about the corner store...  And it's infinitely better than any other song
I could see some local store commissioning a :30 version of this for a TV ad.
Always excited about a new song <3 thanks for being  "Amazing ."
Hella. This is next level 💯
Where Boys Cried: Ironman’s Death Where Men Cried: When the Corner Store closed
Got any grapes in that store? :p
2170 comment
knowing the truth about Bill broke my heart and made me cry, poor ex GF it all started when I went to maun.Lol this break me hurt That April Fools joke was funnier than it needed to b KIY
wtf did i just watch
I choose to believe that bill first created this highly detailed model of a supermarket for reasons completely unrelated to music, though likely related to alcohol or mind altering substances, and then made this song to justify all the work he had put into it.
as long as we get to hold your hand the whole time shopping
think this has to be my favourite of your songs
He did it again  He blew my mind
It feels like 2011 Time to upload minion memes
I wanna live here… I wanna go in there… know what it feels like….. just to breathe the air of the corner store…. To dance on the floor of the corner store….
i love the corner store so much
amazing as a 3d artist
He makes random stuff into worlds #1 songs
Another absloute bop from bill love the style
This is the beginning of consumer-core
it better be a good banana if I'm paying $14,239 for it
this is good
RIP "and the store is opening" 2022-2022 ✊😔
He is uploading constantly!!!!
I've come only 30 minutos after this video is published, That's why there were only 2080 comments before mine, yay! Thank you for the music!
WELCOME BACK KING
This is exactly what I needed to hear today, thank you  Also, stunning visuals
I feel like this song was written entirely one late night when Bill's 7/11 was closed so he couldn't buy taquitos lol
we luv bill wurtz
this is a pretty snazzy store
corner stores were always so different to other stores to me they have like, almost everything you might need
nice
Wow, that’s a store, and it’s open, and I am going in, and I am tall and tall and handsome and dancing, and I wanna be there forever, then it closes. Wow i am there, the day is forever lasts, i dance thru the door till it closes, then the store is opening through the rectangular hole in the wall And i will tell all my friends and family, and damn, it is a corner store, and it is a brand of a new world, in a brand new location
Always coming up with these golden songs ! Keep up the good work
This beautifully describes the corner store Then it closes
dangm
30 mins  already 10k likes
Classic bill video coming thru~
Another great tune, thanks Bill!
this store makes me go dangm
im gonna bet at one point he's gonna make one in VR
2000 comments…
It's beautiful.
love it
Nice
oh yeah
I need the address of that corner store
be
history of the entire corner store, i guess
bill is back to cranking em out and i love it
A r t
Did you make an entire videogame universe for a song!?
Instant classic bill straight to the favorites!
I love you Bill.
Oh my god i am here 30 minutes after release holy lets go
cool bill
"You can make a religion out of this."
yes
god
Will you ever play a live show? I'd watch the shit out of that.
Im very tempted to call the number at the corner store front door sign
The way you modeled the city and buildings, the music and warm sound, the nonsensical yet poetic lyrics, I love everything about this it’s like something from a dream I’d have… I will forever cherish your work Mr. Wurtz.
he's back for good :D
his videos always show up when I am at my worst and cheer me up, thank you, bill. :]
This is art
Visually it's so intricate & detailed, can't imagine how much work this took. And of course the song is another whimsical whirl of music ~ love it
wawa cat
Oh man the harmonies in the last 20 seconds gave me some major goosebumps, great work!
Bill, I've got this great new product called Windows 95 that I think you'd make an excellent commercial for.
Haha sims but bill wurtz style would be awesome lmao
omg we're in 3 d
Crazy how I found this when searching up Okuu, at it was released bout 17 minutes ago!
what do I do with this information?
What the fuck 🤣🤣😭
I WANNA GO TO THE FRIKIN CORNER STORE
you already know this is going to get top 5 on trending
Any thing you make is the best and asthetically pleasing music on this website.
I'm going to the corner store!
watching a new bill wurtz video has me like "dangm"
you made this
Can’t wait for the community to find the Secret Bill Lore tm
His art style is evolving...I love it! :D
1:14 having worked at a supermarket, i can confirm this
#connerstorewoaH
the trees. like if u agree
ah im finally here within an hour
This is immediately my new bop. Love the 3d modeling as well!
And we're all in this together, together in the corner of the corner store, where everyone is equal and we're wondering what the start of the day will bring, and when the day will end, and it's like nothing that we've seen before, but we see it all the time, at the corner store, step back and then move further, further forward into the back of the corner of the corner store.
woah another banger by bill wurtz
-
Wurtz's inner machinations truly are an enigma.
the 3d is too good
He's getting better
This barely feels like a Bill Wurtz video. It's so diegetic! And yet that consistency is deconstructed as it approaches towards the end, and the groundedness of the beginning heightens the wildness of the end.
Here comes the laser sun, the princess stayed inside the corner store to buy buckets after a long long long journey...
Petition to have this in every corner store song
Magnificent
Damn, i haven’t watched since the history of the entire world video, I wish I didn’t stop watching you grow as a content creator.
I find myself conflicted by bill wurtz videos. At first they seem like they should be fun, but then there's this undeniable underlying melancholy and unspoken darkness.
To me, this feels like an ode to that one specific special place you'd visit all the time as a kid and make millions of fun memories at.
Guys I think that was a corner store
Dangm!! New favorite word: check!
It's Bill Wurtz basically making a song about a convenience store. Love it!
I'm frankly astounded by how far Bill has come, he's made an entire 3D modeled town! Fantastic work dude!!! You are an amazing music artist and 3D artist!
My boy is back..again!
This models are beautiful he did great this time also slaps
bill is like the bill wurtz of youtube
I don't understand
This needs to be a vrchat world
hey bill really enjoyed this one :) great stuff
YESSS!!! WHEN I FINISH MY LONG HOMEWORK YOU UPLOAD!!
AYE he posted, always a fun time
This reminds me of when my friends and I would ride our bikes and we had nowhere to go
I hope my dad went there to get milk
Amazing.Just Amazing.
By the Divines, I thank thee
"when you call, I'll answer."  wait, has anyone actually tried to call the number yet?
nic
Do they sell grapes
DANGM
Damn, early gang!
Walking to the corner store as I listen to this
guys yes he posts
i actually like this it, pleases me greatly. i feel like shopping right now even though i hate it. it has the same effects as a mukbang video, they make me hungry even when im full. wow.
The endings fill me with so much depression
good heavens good sir
Props to you for duplicating TONS of these 3d objects on the shelves because if I were to do all of this, I'd just quit half way through and regret all of my choices and thoughts on doing this.
From the makers of The Infinite Ikea, coming to a containment protocol near you: The Corner Store.
favourite so far
the gwaphics
Now tell where corner is the corner store
im obsessed with this song oh my god
Why did the magazine pages that everyone can read make me emotional?
I wanna meet the people that go *synth ascending and discending scale*. I thought I was the only one who does that.
hear me out. If all of the pages of the magazine were all over the floor, you could only read half of the pages. bill wurtz is wrong when he says "where everyone can read them" because everyone can only read half of them
How does Bill manage to make his videos so complex yet simple at the same time?
This is a masterpiece
yay, a new video love this song
lets go babyYY
Bros be talking about going to an anime world when im over here at Bill’s corner store
Bill made GTA 6 before Rockstar could ever make it
Wow this one rendered faster than the last one
He back!!
Man, the jump to 3d really gave Bill's videos a new... _dimension._
Welp I already want a 3 hour loop of this or even a 30 minute loop would work. I can't stop swaying my head back and forth like a snake that's been put on fast forward times 3
Awesome  Though I did feel like more effort went into the animation than into the song itself Still pretty good
my eyes are dim, I cannot see, I have not got my specs with me…
PLEASE JUST MISS ONCE
He's releasing new songs so quickly now
Bill wurts give me a feeling of nostalgia i cannot describe much
This makes me feel nostalgia for unexplainable emotions
1:55 hits hard
this was a fun song
I’d wear a  📐store  t-shirt
This is one of your strongest beats for sure! An unironic toe-tapper
This is the most beautiful thing i've ever heard, so inspirational
This lowkey looks like a roblox world
welcome to wurtz city
Love these blender videos mate!!
thanks for the birthday pregnant wurtzie!
Along with Jack Stauber, you're one of the creators who's always in an unknown state unless you post something and then we know you're still alive. Though that might not be the case if I could afford to subscribe to your patreons.
Bill Wurtz is either an entity that exists in every single reality across the multiverse, or this is the only reality where the conditions were correct for his existence. There is no in between
Holy shit he jumped to a new level with this 3D animation! Awesome!
Mf drops fire l&r
Neat
just pause on the word "store" at the beginning and it makes sense.
did i ask
got any grapes?
in real life??
I’m confused..AND I LOVE IT
Amazing
Guys I think he likes the corner store but I’m not sure
Cool
awesome
Damn a lotta fukin stuff happened at that store.
consumerism
yoo this guys back
Tried the phone number and it's not real
supertramp reference?
It feels illegal to be here this early
this is like a realistic fever dream
I didn’t need this
I love corner stores
Corner Store!!!!!!!!!
Damgn
dun da dun dun dun
I'm happy to be the 1929th commenter so yeah
LET'S GOOOOOO
groovy
I wanna call the number on the corner store
Why does bill always upload when im about to go to bed
The instrumentation is so much denser in this one. And the production is especially tight too.
I feel you, sometimes when you're inside or just inside your head too long just normal things and places seem so bright and pleasing.
Called the number what was on the store building unfortunately it's not a real number sad :(
Absolute banger
WHAT STORE ????????
I feel like this song perfectly captures what it was like for me to live in Brooklyn – overwhelming and full of possibilities. If I had an identity crisis at 3am I could walk from my apartment to a 24-hour grocery and buy some ice cream, fresh raspberries and toothpaste. I didn't appreciate that city enough while I was living there.
I missed this art style so much.
Love me some storner core
“this corner store won the worlds most helpful store of the century”
Oh no oh yeah !
Lea go he's back
Me: thinks about Bill wurtz  Also me: checks his YouTube channel  * posted 21 mins ago * Again me: *yes*
If it wasn't for greed, the whole world would be a corner store 😤
It is unreasonable that bill has become this good at 3D this quickly
The visuals, the music, the stupid jokes, oh my god everything is perfect. Bill Wurtz never disappoints with any of his music videos. Massive respect.
corner store
nice
This was so painful yet so good to watch OSC
22 minutes ago :scream:
Bill Wurtz is truly a man of talent, we all salute you for this masterpiece
Bill wurtz's music is cryptic af
everyone gather round new banger just dropped
Your modeling skills just keep getting better and better.
it makes sense but also.. doesnt?
cool advertisement
I called the number on the front of the store and it doesn’t exist 🥲
Here before 1M views or even 100K views
I'm gonna have to go visit my corner store now
1:58 reminds me of "what's the name of this game? How do you play it?" section from i just did a bad thing, very very nice
I want to live here at the C O R N E R Store.
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates~ 🎈
forget wii shop music, its time for the corner store PASS THE AUX CABLE
The attention to detail is beyond insane!
2:05 dangm
Is this the same corner store that the duck went to
This sounds like a song my friend would sing. I love it!
honestly such artistic and musical talent, im amazed. Great job!
Always glad to see more of you!
Seeing this pop up after I just got back from my closing shift at the corner store
I feel compelled to go to Walgreens now
It feels like The Corner Store would perfectly fit into ENA universe
This might be my favorite Bill Wurtz song *AND* music video in quite some time
Woo
This slaps
Is this the new Unreal Engine 5 demo?
i hope bill considers making an arc with this 3D city to then slowly move up and up
wow bill wurtz swore he hasnt in so long lmao
what kind of devil hypnosis is this? I was literally just watching and couldn't think. Black magic I tell you. Wurtz shall burn for this
D A N G M
it's a banger and it's about a corner store. great.
Words can’t describe how much I love this guys song
What’s weird is I searched belle Delphine on YouTube and This popped up 🤨
It's open, and you're goin in  "Is that a threat?"
Nice
The most passion and meaning put into a corner store in a song ever. Highly doubt there is a better corner store song haha!
just keeps getting better
I love that you're uploading a lot more now, thank you sire
bro the cashier at those stores always stares at you it gives bad vibes
Sure, being first is cool. But have you ever been *Twenty six thousand and twenty seventh!!* ? I didn't think so B)
Give us more history vids!!!
this music is like a palette cleanser for my brain, all stuck songs in my mind are finally gone and replaced by actual quality
It should be a law that this song plays in every corner store in the world, unconditionally.
favorite bill wurtz song
thanks bill.
I couldn't sleep after hours of crime documentaries, now I'll be able to, thanks Bill!
AYOOOOOOO
This song is so awesome. And we're getting so many releases! Think I'll go to the corner store now.
these are my favourite fever dreams hahaha
As soon as I see the thumbnail I knew it would be a banger.
isobel i know youll watch this video im sorry
hey bill!
Living in a city made by Bill Wirtz would be like a somewhat pleasant fever dream
wow I can’t believe I’m this early for once!! haven’t watched all the way thru yet, but im sure the vid is amazing as ever <33
these are some great environments and animation. simple yet so complex.
I love the corner store lets fucking gooooo
I was JUST at the corner store. This is exactly what it feels like.
A banger inside and out, rattling my brain, and my heart, and my mind. You've gone and done it again, you mad lad. Keep having fun!
Nice
Corner store Kek Pog w
The god has been born
Out of all the uploads this legend has, this one was the best banger I've heard! History of the world is hard to beat, but this video did it!
Woah
bill wurtz is one of those people who I drop everything for when I've seen they uploaded something
HE IS
YAAAAAAYYYYYYYY
petition to make another “history of” video
Damn, hello legend
Yep fellas, this one's my favorite.
This is Japan's national anthem
"it's open"
Brilliant
HE BE POSTING MORE!
Jokes aside, he’s a talented musician
The lyrics are dumb but the music sounds pretty nice
YAY NEW VIDEO!!!
this is what I imagine refugee's from countries who don't have everything you could want available at any time feel upon walking to a (corner) store in america for the first time
A bill wurtz videogame would be the best!
Bassline tab anyone?
This has a deep message hidden in it.  I love bill wurtz
Dun-da-dun-dun-dun
Bill wurtz is back
Working retail be like 1:14
the corner store feels like a liminal space, its as though ive been there before
This is probably suitable for a commercial/music video for a corner store lol.
Please bill never stop its amazing 👏 👏
I could picture an entire musical that's entirely compromised of Bill's songs
new music drop lets go
I'm still awake at 1:35am, but it's worth it.
This reminds me so much of early 2000s and I love it
I was just wanting some more bill wurtz!
I haven’t been able to stop crying from the majesty of this video
What happens if you call the phone number on the corner store
I am so glad you're back but im glad you prioritized your own life first with the break love your  songs and videos
The transition of this channel from 2D to 3D is smoother than my brain.
Bill Wurtz..... making the type of art that can be enjoyed by all no matter which mix of the 24,5653 identity communities BuzzFeed quiz says you need to pledge total alliance to.  Thank you for all the weird you do for us all! 😊
I love you!
the
YEAH BABYYY
:)
This is King of Retail.  Beer. Broccoli. Buy phone.
Bill should do a self styled version of "I, pencil". That would be sweet!
This is how I feel about the giant supermarket close to my house.
This is my favorite Bill Wurtz song.
new bill wurtz song dropped babe  yes...
I always get the feeling that every Bill Wirtz video was written by an AI based on every other Bill Wirtz video
Corner storgatory
Hold up, corner store with free delivery????
Y e s
0:01 Very cool city at the start
another bill video ah
Always a nice surprise when Bill does something
your shoes arent big enough to be there!
that made me feel something inside me! I cried listening to that! Another amazing song and animation! :D <3
very good very nice
open 24/7
I was having a rough end to my day but having a new Bill Wurtz song makes things a little better. Love the little synth noodles in this one!
having moved to Japan recently I can confirm this is just the same in Japan   :v
Dagnm
The corner store only costs $5? I know what I'm going to be buying today.
holy shit amazing
I just wake up and this notification pops up, I know my day will be great!!! Another amazing song and video again, Bill!!!!!
When the world needed him most, he had returned to serenade his people :D
Finally a corner store that sells corners, been looking for one of those for years.
This is the most beautiful song about a corner store I've ever heard.
"in the store you'll find the day lasts forever" "then it closes"
sorner ctore
HE POSTED THE MAN POSTED IT'S BEAUTIFUL
This is so random and I love it.
i love how it reminds me of late 90s "virtual worlds" with specialized plugins
*"dun-da-dun-dun-dun"* just sounds so nice.
bill for president
bruh i thought this was about the duck song. scam.
dangm
YOOOOO YOU POSTED THIS ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Starts out so upbeat but then devolves into the corner store level of the backrooms
the 1,785th comment
didnt expect this today!
door
A few days ago there was a new Kevin Temmer animated music video, and now there’s a new Bill Wurtz animated music video? This has got to be the best week ever, and it’s only on day 3.
new upload :0
Every musician has been quiet since this dropped
I am for once, early
Ya know. I've been thinking recently I'd absolutely love to a gig where Mr Wurtz, Adam Neely, Shubh Saran and Josh Bailey just bash through Bill's back catalogue interspersed with some gnarly solos
Corner store, a.k.a. that one conveniently placed store when you are travelling long distances
that's pretty cool. hell, that's pretty good
I'm not tall or handsome
Hello!
dope song
it sure is a brand new world with the corner store and bill wurtz involved <3
pog
Your animations are so amazing and so is your music
i'm in the corner of the store selling weed to people
Nice
the budget seems to have increased by $5!! good job bill
I’d love to visit the 📐 Store
Who dos the phone number call?
Another one for my '𝘪𝘯𝘴𝘵𝘢𝘯𝘵 𝘤𝘭𝘢𝘴𝘴𝘪𝘤' collection.
YES IM ERLY TO BILL WURTZ SONGS YESSSSS
Yo he uploaded. Let’s go
The legend is here!
I am spelling it "dangm" from now on thank you Bill
sf
Yo early to this masterpiece
hi
What it do skedadudler
I’m gonna comment here when I think of a witty comment.
Wow, this one is legitimately a bop.
Magical
every time bill wurtz uploads my brain just plays the “bill! bill! bill!” part from the bill nye theme song
i was literally just thinking about bill wurtz wtf
OOOOOOOO
bill wurtz on a good schedule?
My trip to 7-Eleven will never be the same again
My local corner store for the last five years by my apartment just closed, so this hits hard.
Bloody weird
This honestly would be pretty good music to play on the speakers at a corner store
I get the feeling Bill really likes the corner store
I honestly can't believe the production quality of this song. Meanwhile, pop songs of today have 25 producers and sound like someone doing dishes by smashing them together... at a corner store.
The 3d man is back :0
i love you
Bro. Why was this a love story.
YES
If I had a nickel everytime Bill uploaded on my birthday, I'd have 10 cents.     Thanks Bill
that store is beautiful
Beautiful work as always
Oh- Was not expecting this- BUT ALRIGHT
when the world needed him most, he returned.
amazing
then it closes :(
This caught me off guard—thank you bill for catching me off guard
bill wurtz :)
I love how the items in the store are realistic 3d models and then the cars outside are just simple prisms
N O I C E
another indescribable feeling made concrete by a bill wurtz song
Hey bill
I don't know why but this video sparked a deep need in me for a Jon Bois and Bill Wurtz collab
Woa, 3D animation 😍
I like all the unrecognizable colored shapes, and then there’s the banana.
Until they ask to use the bathroom
Amazing
booga booga booga
I just lost my phone. It has all my favorite music on there. The last song that playing through my Bluetooth headphones was Your song More than a dream. I hope I find it soon
Don’t Mind me I’m just going to call the number on the store front
the animation is so good!!!! :OOO
NEW BILL WURTZ VID WOOOO
zamn
I'm not sure if I'm looking for too much meaning in this song or not a deep enough meaning in this song.
I swear, the second I forget your existence you upload another new song. Cool as always.
I used to think of these songs as random jokes but they’re really good, especially this one. Great job Bill
🦧
zarn
People weren't lying when they said that you were learning 3D animation! 🙌
this might be the best one ive heard fr
Nicee
I wish I had a corner store
The store is cool until a karen reaches 💀
Hussah!
New bill song, good day
Already 1.6k comments after 18 minutes
Yooooo
i just love u bill
This is literally a song meant for moms who'd walk around the store for hours.
I thought this was the store from Food Fight and I went in to fight mode real quick.
Yes. Good.
I really want to buy some cereal in the store store
duuunnnn da dun dun duun
The store and town feel bizarrely real. It feels less like an animation of a made up place, and more like footage of real place with a lot of the details removed.
Every time I go to a corner store this is what I'll think of
bill's songs are always such a bop! loved this
is he gonna buy grapes?
When I read the title, I thought of the Duck Song
i love this music video
It do be a corner store
I bet these the inspiration for the animation was blenders parametric geometry node system :)
At this point Bill Wurtz is the only thing holding the universe together, the second he left COVID started, prove me wrong.
Welcome back!
This is the musical representation of denial
Wowowowowowowowoowow
This song definitely must be in all the stores playing in background.
There are too many dimensions these days. Please remove 3. I am not a crackpot.
If the time of day doesn't change within the store then how do they know when to close?
You worked really hard on those visuals, I am very impressed!
Some graphics as the opening scene from You've Got Mail
HES ALIVING
his marked improvement in 3d modeling is astounding.
nice
Everytime I watch a Bill Wurtz video I feel like I'm stepping into a surreal dimension with all my worries casted away
I wonder if this place is anywhere near the airport terminal
My god this is amazing
I'm so happy that songs are coming out regularly now!
Only Bill Wurtz could make me miss working at a corner store.   Until the *You can stay there forever* line. Then the rest was flashbacks to crackhead set to a groovy beat.
banger
The dude is so random, but damn, he’s a good animator.
That is a surprisingly detailed 3d model of a city  damn
hi bill
the animation always improving
I love B major! This song makes me so happy! And the visuals were absolutely on point! You're an amazing artist Bill
I'd like 8 corners, please.
2:06 "hell that's pretty weird, but it seems so logical. So sensible"  *shows building units priced at 5 dollars per unit*  Bill Wurtz supports affordable housing 👍
*WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK!?* Is THIS the reason why Bill wurtz Vanished!?
This is fantastic
I'm actually here for a new video! Hi Bill!
ok
27! 😍
I really need to go to a corner store right now
ah yes, bill wurtz.
a mog us
Im so early and im already loving this
Juan👍
bill is not the wurst
Corner stores are fresh
ngl this is how it felt going to 7/11 to get candy when you were 7
He produces this shit the same way mathrock/prog metal bands would. This is giving me PTH /TTNG vibes...but it's synthpop.
YAYY
This was posted on my birthday :D
i like that you just come out of nowhere, post a masterpiece and then vanish into the void again
I can't figure out the metaphor of the song. Does anyone else have any clue at all.
Bill Wurtz!!!!!!!!!!! 👍
Eyyyy, the mans back
Woo
I feel like I want to go to the corner store...
urinary constipation
noice
I've been to this store at least once a month since I was 14. Glad to see it get some recognition!
Billiam Wurtz is back babey
What is it like to just have dozens of text vectors just lying everywhere?
Is the corner store a metaphor for heaven? :0
BABE WAKE UP BILL WURTZ JUST POSTED!!!
Very cool!
I think this is the best one since I'm a Princess! Damn it slaps!
1.5k comments in 11 minutes... holy shit
YOO ITS YOU!!
Going outside to wave hi to all of the other stores going by
Fucking masterpiece. This is my new shopping theme at the store
Jazzwurtz is a new genre people!
Corners are too sharp for children to be safe around, I don't understand why stores keep being designed around selling them
you deserve the grammys
dangm. another banger as always.
I just got back from the corner store, ironically
hey bill
Wurtz is so fast with his creativity.
I am expecting to hear this song every time I enter a 7/11
This store looks like one that appeared in my dreams some time ago. amazing song and store and city!
no bigger W than a Bill Wurtz video
this is a certified corner store classic
corner stores are overrated.  I'm more of a centre-edge/centre-store guy personally
God I wish i knew why I used to like your music. Genuinely speaking here. To go back to a simpler time
It's been awhile but I'm glad to say bill has released a actual banger
this guy's animation skill is much MUCH better than before! blends well with his awesome music too!
Babe wake up bill wrutz posted
hi bill wurtz
hes back! and hes still great!
We will miss u  in india ZWY
I love how you managed to make an entire music video mostly using the same scene.
I thought I was playing roblox
Pretty normal
I was looking through your profile to see if you were till active. 10 mins later I get a notification about a new video
Man, you're just so distinct! Irreplaceable :) Thank you for continuing to create neat songs and videos 💛
Peak capitalism right here at the corner store! Something everyone can relate to. We should make a religion out of this, and besides, you get away from the sun that's a deadly lazer.
The 3D art of Bill Wurtz keeps getting better and better, it’s honestly super impressive how much talent it must take to do all this and I have to give massive respect for the year-long break from YouTube after a song called “might quit” just to be able to put out all this stuff so rapidly and so excellently now.
Hoo
Pog
!!! the 3d work is so impressive here , it's improved so much !!!! love you and your music sooo much 🤍🎶
Im a simple man. I see uploaded 17 minutes ago, I must click
If this is what the Facebook metaverse is like count me in
epic
is that telephone number at the start real
I wanna live here Just in this city Idk it seems cool
I wish my superpower was invisibility. I could hang out all day in the corner store and they'd never ask me to leave.
Slay!!
I’m happy he spent the break honing his skills, the animation is amazing
Love this guys videos
bill wurtz's music videos are awesome because they double as lyric videos. finally i dont have to rely on my strange hearing to understand the bangers
Does anyone else want an entire show that’s just bill’s bizarre ramblings with music breaks?
dangm
Bill thank you for lighting up my life in the darkest❤
Wow
But where is the corner store located. The corner of what exactly? My hopes and dreams? Love and hope? Nah of course not its just the road, get some milk and a couple biscuits while your out yea? Thanks mate. Keep up the good work
yup here we go with the monthly updates yeeee
The amount of detail put into this is astounding
this had a wired since of nostalgia and a calm since to it but with a jazzy feel to it.
Pog
The music video is also the lyric video but you can't sing along in just a few replays.
the visuals of your videos are getting more and more impressive
Corner Mall Next? 😳
Oh hi! Thanks for checking in.
In  Wurtz Town the corner store is a national landmark, tourist attraction,  and city hall.
how am i this early?
I've been thinking of buying a new product I have not eaten before so maybe I'll go to the corner store...or not!
Everybody vibin' until one store actually blast this through the speakers
Ngl the Store and the City Street 3D is looking so amazing, Also the song is a banging Good. Keep your music and 3D Skills Up!
This song hit me so hard. I never knew the corner store could alter my life like this. Once i thought it was a Usless place now i stand corrected. Considdering (yes bad spelling) the factors of the universebit is so amazing to realize the importance of the corner of a brand new WORLD!!
Do they sell Dr. Enuf?
Woooow, big "between the Lions" Vibe
He lives!!!!!!!!
when you call I'll answer and I'm dancing on the wall  At the corner store you remember who you are and then it slips away then you remember more at the corner store you go all around the world then it closes.  - Bill Wurtz
Yo! Every new Wurtz video just makes my day!
I like the music
hello
After watching this and an episode of Joe Pera, I know now that literally anyone can make a trip to the store sound like an amazing experience
I have to assume this what extroverts feel when going to the corner store
All these song have a meaning.
YouTube notifications almost never work, but sometimes it summons you to a Bill Wurtz video within 10 minutes of it being uploaded. Good enough for me :)
He's posting more!
Ay another song you're on a streak!
Bill is there to cheer us up when we need it most, which is every day
Pretty sure this man deserves a spot in the Human Hall Of Fame (located in the corner store of course)
he arrives!
No shiit, bill is back
*T h e c o r n e r s t o r e* *I t ' s o p e n*
I have a job interview this morning and this made me less stressed. thanks bill!
I'm really digging the Blender work in recent videos
I've not got a clue if these videos have some kind of deep philosophical meaning, and I couldn't care less if they do. I'm going to the corner store.
bill wurtz its my birthday jim
Another banger
am i the only one or doss that look like roblox?
3
Truly a wonderful place. Amazing work Bill! Your animation has progressed so much!  Seriously though, has there ever been a better time in history for surrealist art? There’s both incredible technology and a massive appetite for it.
te crnel stur
I feel
Finally a video I love           Wait that's every video
Simply immaculate
Been in a dark place This cheered me up
Finally a Corner store that put groceries at the corners of the corner store.
King
noice.
Whadda ya get there? *Sus rock*
seems like bill is on an upload schedule now
Honestly I'm in love with the corner store's model.
This should be the only thing allowed to play in Corner Stores
When the world needed him the most, he came back.
Fantastic!!! Loved it
This is giving me duck song 2 flashbacks
So where u at  Me: At the corner store
I swear, the production for these videos keep getting better and better
such a detailed blender scene, and so soon after the last one, love this
Comeback of the century
taking a moment to appreciate the 3d models because so theres so much detail i cant imagine how much effort it took! like you can see everything on every shelf, and theres a lot of variety too
If only they played this song at the corner store... Instead of blaring adverts at full volume so I get a migraine
i feel so full & spoiled off of bill wurtz content compared to the dry times
It's already stuck in my head. Love it
Don't be sad that it closes. Be happy that it opens.
"Existence is pain and life is a nightmare" *minutes later* "OMG new Bill Wurtz video"
lovely
Another wonderful song
Your music is like treating my ears to the most flavourful food they ever tasted
Top 10 impossible things:  1. Understanding bill wurtz songs
As expected, bill wirtz posted another banger. The months of waiting paid off.
CVS could never…
As someone who has worked at a corner store, I can confirm that the day indeed lasts forever.
This a freaking banger my guy
I worked late nights at a grocery store, this shit really resonates
COMMENTS ARE APPEARING LIKE FLYS
Now I eagerly want to go to a corner store
still alive
i have a feeling that bill happened to load up a random asset of a corner store and decided to write a song about it
bill
last
HE HAS RETURNED OMG
Can you get "meef" at the corner store?
So there _were_ grapes at the corner store
hi bill
This feels like a fever dream.
the 3D animations are getting more and more better :D what a nice bop
Another banger
on one hand, I love this and it's awesome in every way. on the other hand...I will never view the local CVS the same lol won't be able to walk in without hearing this bop in my head
Are you gonna do another “History of *insert country*”? I loved those
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES I CHANGE MY MIND BEST DAY EVER
This is an absolute banger
:D
bill has like the same energy as my dreams
He has uploaded, and today is a great day!!
Fantastic as always 👏
Best animation yet Bill! great job
That song was a friggin' bop, and I'm really enjoying the animation that accompanied it!
:0
amazing!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
*THE KING RETURNS
When i tell you i never clicked on something this fast in my life!!! The song is amazing but THE VIDEO is everything, this might just be my favorite Bill Wurtz visuals to date 😍
HAPPY 4/20!
It always makes my day when there's a new song.
$5 houses COUNT ME IN
Hi Bill
Babe, wake up. New Bill Wurtz video dropped.
Awesome
😀
yay we are at the corner store
I frickin love the corner. I love you more for making this
banger
tis truly a bop
This was uploaded while I was literally at the gas station.
Very disappointed that I couldn't call the corner store about this week's coupons.
Early and there's so many comments
i really tried calling the number on the corner store huh
i like how there is no way to tell when you are gonna post, it is just a nice surprise!
Welp, looks like I know what I'm listening to when I go to my corner store.
Never clicked on a notification so fast. Awesome video as always!
woah cool
Imagine the corner store is real
HE'S BACK
Dangm, this is pretty cool
Bill, you don't know how happy we all are.
WHAT IS HAPPENING
2:13 I like how the price of each item is at least $14000
Nice
Bill be messing with Blender 1.3 again
I love you bill wurtz thank you for existing <33
Side store
Happy Day! A Bill Wurtz video!
went to the corner store, they don't even sell corners, it's false advertising.
Corner stores > Ceiling stores
bi bill
i love u
Is the a corner store still a corner store if has 2 corners
I neeeeed this on Spotify
i bought some orange juice at the corner store and now my feet are sore
dum da dum dum dummm
damn 5 minutes
SO GOOD
Always love a Bill Wurtz video reminds me how great an animation video can be
hi
sooooo goood! Thank you bill!
Watching bill's 3D animation getting better is somehow making me proud of him and I have no idea why.
BEAUTIFUL holy moses!!!
Nice to see you again
ZAMN!!
Bill must've hired a samurai to help him make these videos so quickly. We could make a religion out of this. Also, sorry I didn't talk about Velcro this time; we'll talk about that in a later episode.
noice
Bill’s over here writing an musical
People: all dreams have meaning  My dreams:
DAMN THAT WAS AWESOME BAS FUCK YYYEEEAAJHJJ
I love corner stores
This song is what you listen to in heaven.
the anticipation is always there for bill wurtz
Banger.
This man only shows when we need him most, like a cooler batman
He has a special kind of music and unpredictable lyrics.. i love it.
swag
I think I'm gonna go to the corner store.
Day just got better let’s go
Dangm.
This is a freaking masterpiece, and Bill sings the chorus in a brand new way: making his voice a god damn bass.
I just... watched this whole thing. Didn't expect to, but it's like I couldn't turn away!
Bill Wurtz videos are so dreamlike and have a certain feel of nostalgia
Thank you Bill! You and your music are just incredible!❤️
the corner store = best kind of store
Dang this one a BOP
New theme song for a specific and seldomly recurring event in my life. Thanks.
yep, love it
I’m on holiday right now, and this perfectly fits the mood. Exactly what I needed today. Keep doing what you do, every time you upload my day gets better
How does he do it?!?! BANGER AFTER BANGER
What the fuck bill this is so good 🤬🤬🤬🤬
1k+ comments in 5 minutes
One expensive ass banana
Bill can make the best songs in the most unique way. to me, his songs will never get old because theyre so different than other songs /pos keep up the work Bill :)
Tall and handsome
I want to have this much joy when visiting the corner store next time. No cap.
His songs should play on the radio
BILL WURTZ!?
this one really spoke to me. takes me back to when I used to work at the dollar store, listened to a lot of bill wurtz songs during my shifts. thanks for the great music as always, Bill.
Driving to my corner store to live my life inside
Bill still finds a way to make his videos look like a fever dreams even after a yr
Just was watching mt Saint hellens for the 14th time today then this happened
Oh Lawd, Billy made another one 👏🏿😩
Me when
call it a dairy instead.
I haven’t been here this early in years. ^~^
My favorite store is the store named store. Which is the store that is the store named store.
HOLY SHIT HES BACKKKK
Yea
MGNIFIQUE~!
woah, love the 3d animation bill
BILL!!!!!!!! YESS DAY INSTANTLY BETTER!
I was gonna give up on my dreams and die, but video adjusted my expiration date of my death
I needed this in my life
2693rd view 💪🏻💪🏻
this is amazing and stopped me from having a mental breakdown 10/10 content would recommend
So, I guess he’s making songs every 3 weeks or so. I mean, I’m not complaining.
His animations are getting better and I don’t know if that’s a good thing or not
bill wurtz videos fill me with indescribable emotions
fire video
Yes
A duck walked up to a corner store
So good song
My new favorite song
Lol this feels like one of my dreams. I’ve been having weird dreams about these two non-existent stores lately
Gotta love when Bill is oddly passionate about the weirdest things
Damn 3 dimensions
This may have been the best video Bill has ever made since history of the world.
its very nice to see someone so excited over something as simple as a new corner store opening right here at a brand new location
The corner store is a methaphor for love. I feel like I'm kidding myself, but it seems to make perfect sense.
"When you call, I'll answer" *Includes a phone number on the outside of the store* hmmmmmmmm
yay
You captured the emotion of visiting any convenience store between the hours of 11pm and 3am when you're not looking for a particular item but know you want something. Yearning is contained in the 7-11.
Oh, hell yes.  You've created another banger, Bill. I wonder if they carry Pablao Rectangles. They're my favorite brand.
yes
Thanks Bill. You made my day infinitely better ☺️
Now I'll probably be singing about the corner store for a month ahead :)
Thank you Bill, made my day by uploading goat
this is awesome studying music
corner stores worldwide are gonna be bumping this jam over their speakers
I need someone to do a video about the bill wurtz lore
📐🏪
Not even 5 minutes and we already got 1k+ comments lol
why does this make me weirdly happy
Love getting these notifications
petition for this to be played at every corner store
3:05 my favourite part
Watch this man become a CGI animation master. Love you Bill
There has to be a class to find the meanings behind these videos 😂 These are always so good
The one time I think to dial the number on the board and I’m treated with “not accepting calls.
freeze your brain bill wurtz version
When the world needed him the most he came back
drop an album bestie
1 view, 1,149 comments. Youtube is nuts when you're early.
Wow early
yoo 3d
I like how these songs barely make any sense but are still great
bill wurtz - rtx on
can this channel please be the 8th wonder of the world
yes you came back :D
Can we just appreciate how much time bill wurtz puts into videos?
This is corporate propaganda
Bill always drops the bangers on my birthday
NEW WURTZ STUFF this automatically the best year
That’s some good animation right there
Oh my gosh Bill rendered a whole 3-dimensional corner store — soon his animation abilities will take over the world  -Paintspot Infez Wasabi!
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
Ur back!
Corner store lol cool?
Absolutely in love this his new updated animation style
as someone that goes to corner stores, I can confirm I could stay there forever
amazing
Niceee
Bill is the avatar. he disappears and comes back and saves my recommended.
This is easily my favorite of his new songs
Bill Wurtz is back!
$5 for an apartment window seems pretty affordable
I tested it, the phone number on the corner store sadly does not work
video starts at 00:00
Dangm good song.
Petition to play this song at every single corner store in the world.
$5, that's a STEAL
hes alive.... its a miracle
Watching this in a corner store!!!!
I wonder who will dislike this video
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Go bill
it always closes. why does it always close :(
Wish there were more corner stores in the US
and now i am at the corner store no more
nice video
The little dun-da-dun-dun-dun gives me LIFE
nw I want to go to a corner store
i love corner stores
I think that this is about nostalgia, and how it’s always there but it’s not- as you forget all the time
Always makes my month when these come out :)
What level of the backrooms is this
Airport terminals, corners stores, what's next a home Depot song?
oh yea!!!!
Last time I was this early I was thinking about it and I was going to ask you to go to the store and get it for the first time in a few minutes and I'll be there
We love the ✨corner store ✨
This might be the best song I have ever heard
bill's songs are the musical representation of what it feels to chew five gum
LOVE YOU BILL
nice  edit: i feel like ive heard this song before
Don’t you just hate when you’re dancin on the floor n it closes?
Ahh yes, more random videos that I watch.
You will enter the corner store. There are no options. You could walk the far opposite direction and meet no employees in the store at that moment, but someday, somewhere, you will take a look around you and you will find, in fact, that you are in the corner store.
Its always such a treat when a new song comes out. Also you 3d modeling and animation is getting better.
These graphics updates being looking better and better with each update…
You sir, are amazing.
cool cutscene
Truly Inspirational. Welcome Back Chief.
E.
BRB, going to 711
i miss the skits but i do hope u are doing well!!!
This might be the most ambitious video since Avengers End Game
you should reanimate the history of the world with this new art style and maype the history of canada cause thats intresting
The master returns once more
Certified Banger, as always. Always a joy hearing that you've uploaded.
Easily the best yt Video to ever exist
It’s a good day when Bill uploads.
🤗
I love how Bill Wurtz made this video so grounded in reality yet absurd at the same time, and made it so aesthetically pleasing.
Wowowowowow 1,000 comments in 2 minutes
such a vibe
Me when I stub my toe: 2:06
You ever walk into one and find out that it's a coroner store? I might someday need a coroner but not most days
woah a corner store
that is a very pretty corner store
i wanna live in this funky world you've created
holy shit the animation is low key beautiful
hello bill, thank you for coming back to us
Bill, bill, bill!
So good to see you haven't watched you in forever! <3
I’ll never see my corner store the same way
Everyone wild when a new video came out. But yay another video is out
I like men
What da phone number?
Wow
prefect
hes back boys
this is where the fun begins
This one time I got a bagel from the corner store. Just wanted to let everyone know.
Man, I wanna go to a corner store now
Cool
Bill has just won the award for "most creative scp introducement video of all time"
great animation
Billion Wurtzizoane, you come at the perfect times and I appreciate it. And this is a banger. And it’s a 3D project. Be proud to know you have a big fanbase supporting you at all times.
Here before 1k comments
Beautiful.
Perfect Fever Dream
obviously not first i mean why would be its clearly impossible to do such a thing when you are just a viewer on this video and i have opened the video by a notification which though the notification was not early so i am clearly not first but if i was it would not be a achievement because the comment section is mainly for opinions and talking and interactions that aren’t verbal and being first is not cool because you are already cool and being first is just sgdhte dtaffisnstingu wof atah shdbbshgqtfwdj a thsindydg studpifd deieownsbwjudgyeguwnjondcojhscousgdgnwioniyefguysrofifjivuerbfrefev
WOOOOOO
Now this man needs a Nobel Prize  For always posting the perfect stuff at the perfect times.  If you dislike this video you're literally just the worst human to ever exist
Yes my corner store is also a sentient time god
This shits 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ah, yes, another ADHD-friendly video.
Bill has been spoiling us lately with content.
Wow I just woke up but this felt like I slipped back into a dream
wow
Good use of your 3d skills! This is quite the enjoyable song!
i love this so much :3
I love corner stores
Dang bill your animation has really improved! Keep up the good work!
I'm scared (to) Fly around 987 At the corner store  I feel like Bill is trying to send us a message 🤔
"that's pretty cool, hell that's pretty good. tell that to the whole damn neighborhood." damn
He seems to be uploading every 3rd Tuesday
~dum-da-dum-dum-dum~
another banger <3
He is the messiah!!!!!
He has slowly been forming a world of his own creation with the power of music
thats great, can you pick me up another amazing video? Thanks
WAIT CUS I WAS JUST LISTENING TO MIGHT QUIT
YESSSSSSSSSS
i love the corner store
Whenever i see the notification bill wurtz has posted i immediately drop anything im doing and watch the video
This is what I needed today
Thanks for letting us to go in the corner store Bill!
d a n g m
perfect        .
This guy can sing about anything and it’ll be epic B)
THANKS BILL
dum-da-dum-dum-dum is so catchy change my mind
This one is actually kind of staying on the same plot line and not jumping everywhere but nowhere at once
The amount of modeling you must’ve done for this, wow. This turned out really really good!!!
Uh yeah where can I get the drugs you where on when you made this?
LETS GOOO EARLY
dude could use a random word generator and still make a banger song
everyone likes the corner store™️
hey bill
Already making my day better♥️
LETS GOOOO NEW BILL WURTZ SONG TO LISTEN TO WAY TOO MANY TIMES
early
Guess you could say its a 5 dollar store XD      I'll get out myself  🚪
corner store
Yes
THE RETURN OF THE KING!
Huh neat bill
ive always wanted to buy a corner
Must have taken a really long time to animate all this
his graphics are becoming more detailed!
Everyone working there: 😐
so i guess bill is back??
Living in a city modelled by Bill Wurtz would be so aesthetically pleasing. I adore your graphics, dude!! Another amazing music video! The music is great yet again, I can already tell this one will, like the rest, be stuck in everyone’s heads!! Phenomenal work! :D
5k views in 2 minutes!?
Its nice watching bill's videos its always nice to watch them when they come out
And the duck walked up to the corner store
Wow, about 1000 comments in a little over 2 minutes.
Gonna listen to this everytime I got to a corner store now!
pp
Very good
Fun fact I was at the corner store today
I legit have been sad for the past 2 hours and instantly got in a better mood when I watched this
Hell yeah Bill, this is a bop. Great work 👏
HE'S BACK YAY!!!
Been needing this in my life.
Simply a yet another bill wurtz masterpiece. Welcome back champ
:)
Love the theming of this banger, corner stores are funky and so is this tune!
Bill but on UE5
Why do I feel like Bill wrote this about being banned from a corner store
Another great song, Mr. Wurtz.
This is an ad I would watch
Finally someone shares the same enthusiasm I have for corner stores
Thank You For Being Back I Miss You Since 2019 And This Is Funny And Nice.
Unlike my dad Bill came back from the corner store!!!!
Bill casually posted this in 2:17 at night his time.
3 bill wurtz uploads in one month. Man, we are spoiled
I love Walgreens
Me when at the store in corner ‼️
God, I love the snare in this
what a magical place i hope they have ✨danimals✨
Bill’s always here when we need him the most!
here we go again
I hope your having a great day. Your songs always make mine better. Thank you
Holy moly you’ve been working hard! Thank you so much! I love your work and the effect you have on all of us
Wow, I thought I was the only one who felt this way about stores.
tears have been shed.
instant classic
he came back
he has once again returned
i feel high watching this
sex
I had such a boring day, and this cheered me up so much! thx
0:43 those unoriginal comments on videos with flashy lights:
claim your before your 1000 comments here
Yes... Very amazing
Oh shit he’s back
i get the feeling that this is a corner store
Almost 1000 comments in 2 mins
The CoRnEr sToRe!!!
Hell yeah!
OMG BILL IS BACK
I am sobbing, profusely<3
Thanks bill I needed this my dog’s leg is infected this and I was sad
Bill, You're a f*cking superhero. :-)
me when i am going to the corner store
Honestly working at the corner store, the day does last forever
This new mod looks awesome
this is epio
I too do my shopping with a light blue ska laundry basket!
He's BACK MY BOIS! HE'S BAAAAACCCKKKKK!!
I want sandwich's In to the store
I was here
I was just crying because I realised Minecraft lasts update might be happening soon and this made me happy
When I saw the video post I was amazed and surprised.
This guy's 3D animations keep getting better and better, keep up the good work Bill!
hell yeah
Yup   There’s another song added to the playlist
The only thing at my corner store is *poverty*
Today I got strep and my throat hurts, but thanks for making me happy by uploading this video
What? Your bill wurtz is evolving? Congratulations! You bill wurtz evolved into a cooler and more complicated bill wurtz.
And the duck walked up to the corner store and he said to the women running the store,  "Hey, bum bum bum, got any grapes?"
What a time to be awake. Thank you, Bill.
i like listening to your music when i’m driving, really makes me feel like a creature in control of a motor vehicle
I needed this man
1.25x
I like this consistent posting. It’s nice.
This song is just what happens when Bill goes to get his groceries.
bill
Funny thing is im in the corner store 🧍🏾‍♀️  Bill are you stalking me?👀
This is just an advertisement for seven eleven
an absolute banger
This is one of the things kids have to analyse in 50 years
2 minutes ago? I opened YouTube at the perfect time lol.
I really like how his old art style is slowly mixing with the 3d art style.
I love how all of Bill’s songs are about nothing and everything at the same time
damn, graphics got a major upgrade
Ur the best
My god the comments are fast I’m only a minute late and already over 500
ayo another bop coming your way
It's crazy how expertly seamless he transitioned into 3d, fits his style so good.
the level of respect i have for this man is off the charts. like, he did this masterpiece himself  wait! it just ends? like that!?
I must say your videos are incredibly funky, it’s wonderful.
This is a Masterpiece
Bill is amazing ngl
Amazing
There's always such a charm to his songs
WELCOME BACK 👑
Honestly man I love the homely feeling this video gives me  Just brilliant
The Return of the King
Nice song for 3am
There are quite a few at the town I live at.  Might go to one tomorrow
praise be to bill
Your animation is really improving!! It's really incredible to see. :)
his timing for videos also 785th also the duck waddled up to the corner store
It's really nice seeing Bill upload more frequently.
I absolutely love when I get notified of a new bill song. It's always the highlight of my day
Average day in a tesco
Sounds like a theme song for a tv show
The animation is amazing, good music Bill
This is like a cough-syrup addled fever dream
✨graphics✨
this is definitely music
The Bill Wurtz walked up to the corner store...
:)
babe, wake up new bill wurtz video just dropped!
This song describes how I feel whenever I enter a small thrift store.
"I'm tall and handsome" very modest bill
That animation with all the 3D graphics, Bill definitely didn’t waste the time he was gone for
You're cornered
He doesn't miss
He's back and He's good.
You’ve been working hard to be pushing out this many songs all close to another. Great song as always!!!
The long awaited return.
Is this your first 3d vid?
The phone number's not real. Otherwise, awesome video.
Very nice
Must be a teaser for Wurtz World
phenomenal as always
He's gone from a guy who can edit really good and makes music to a guy who makes really good music and can 3d animate
If i'm the manager of the store, i will put this song as 1hour place soundtrack.
Making me think about all the emotional moments I've had at corner stores
He’s back!
These emotions are too much to comprehend at the corner store
I'm going to the corner store
babe wake up new bill-wurtz-video-specific emotion just dropped
pov: average minecraft world idea
This song is easing my mind
*Im still a piece of GARBAGE!*
Holy sh*t his animation just keeps getting better.
theres no way you modeled a whole ass corner store for this video bruh that's awesome
Yes this is how I feel going into a corner store
King🔥🔥
Ah..The Corner Store.. It’s where I get my  [Hyperlink Blocked]..
that is indeed a nice store
I JUST TALKED ABOUT YOUR VIDEO ON TWITTER AND NOW YOURE POSTING? THE GODDESS HEARD MY PRAYERS!!!!!!!
1ST TIME BEING AMONG THE 1ST VIEWERS OF 1 OF THE #1 YT MUSIC ARTISTS' MUSIC VIDEOS.  Edit: Lmao 1 minute and there's 884 comments already. Thank you YouTube for providing this false moment of glory
Is ist on spotify?
lets goooo he returned once again
228 comments but YouTube only shows 4 views, you guys are insanely early. Also he is BACK!!
Wow this is really well made I love it!
I wonder where this lovely store is located
Reminds me of the Dire Straights, Money For Nothing music video
Holy cow! Is Bill going through an inspiration storm? He's cranking out absolute bangers faster than usual!
these don't exist according to New Yorkers
I'm gay but there's too many comments so no one will ever know
Absolutely beautiful, You’ve outdone yourself bill. Masterpiece.
Love the 3d stuff you’re doing now
I work at a corner store. I wish it was this cool.
Back with the sick animation
did a duck come in asking for grapes?
Long live the king
Ahhh another amazing song god I love all the content you make
Tall & handsome & dancin on the floor at the corner store
This making me cream.
MOST RECENT
Well he’s back. And we cheered because finally an incentive to continue existing in this mortal plane has been shown to us
yeee
Cool tunes
It's a corner
YES NEW BILL WURTZ!!!!!!!
Scrolling through reddit saw this in my notifications and I had to watch this
corner
this feels so fresh
MEEP 0_0 THE LEADING TONE IS STRONG WITH THIS ONE
walking W
Thank you for this.
Good video at 1:18 on wednesday the 20th of april
I love you
i too love when i feel emotions at the corner store
And when the world needed him most, he returned
Hey there scallywags from the corner store. Just here to get some fresh rum. You buccaneers want some? You devious little poindexters.
impressive 3D stuff
10/10
This says a lot about the state of the American economy and grocery industry.
I think it's a corner store
Nanners
THE LEGEND IS BACK
The absolute legend is back! We missed you, man!
Bill Wurtz is an international hero
Huge consistency from Mr bill
Will burtz
YAY BILL WURTZ
BILLWURTZ VIDEO
Another banger!
The corner store
This song is fire
It feels wrong to be that early
my only dream is to know how he does these videos
I went there once it was cool I bought some batteries, some milk, and a souvenier Reccomend
Yay bill!
😜😅😜
Things I learned 1: It’s the corner store 2: It’s open
Epic
Animation design has improved, good job bill
I want to live in a Bill Wurtz video
Noice, 5 star rating store
I LOVE BILL WURTZ
He is back
Fire Yessir
Comments 614  Youtube: you may only take 3
These bill wurtz videos are always so awesome to listen to, the editing is really good, great job!
a 3d animation? impossible
I’m honestly convinced you could make any random thing into a world shattering but amazing song
Yay bill
Man the visuals have improved since the last video. I like how it calming it is.
i’ve been longing a new video
O mah lerd
dun-da-dun-dun-dun
You are one of my favorite musicaian music making people
Bill wurtz AND vaatividya upload, hell yea
this is wonderful.
billiard wurt
Weird
HE RETURNS!!!
Hell yeah
4 views... 1.1k likes    but how tho
Boo Yeah The youtube notifications finally worked for me
Bill is learning about planet Earth by making songs about it. He probably heard about the corner store from spying on humans.
All About A Store
:()
yeeeeees
Oh wow. We going 3D bois
Yayy he backk
Love ur stuff bill =)
Don't you love it when there's 1 view 500 likes and 115 comments
Pog it's a new vid
Hi people, how's ya day?
Quality over quantity
I've been loving these videos so much I cant even describe it
good shit mr. wurtz
Corner store
HE'S BACK!
Oh yes
babe wake up new bill wurtz video
Top kek
this goes hard ngl
when bill uploads its like finally touching grass or taking a fresh breathe of air
bill wurtz keeps popping off with both the music and the music videos!! iconic
Where you can buy grapes
Great video! I really enjoyed the part when he said “I’m”!
i don’t think we can get
At the edge store😈
Hey bill
This uses the one of same backgrounds from “got some money” released exactly a year ago lol
wow im very early
If I ever open a store im naming it "Store"
And when the world needed him most... HE RETURNED!!!
it's the duck song 2 from the perspective of the cashier
I love how you’re constantly improving the cgi!! This is OUTSTANDING 💚💚💚
Once again, bill wurtz dropping these bangers.
the man, the myth, the legend hath returned upon us on this day and blessed us with His knowledge of corner stores
You know it’s going to be a good day when Bill Wurtz posts
CORNER STORE!!!!!
This was magical
Bill exploring the world of 3D animation. I like It.
Who knew a song about a corner store could be so amazing.
YES.
He makes the most random songs and yet there all so amazing
If the corner store is so good, why is there no center store?
It’s always a good day when bill wurtz posts
Bill wurtz makes content i would watch while im on acid
*sobs* yes, i will go to the corner store, bill
Corner store
New bill wurtz song? Glorious early birthday gift for me!
How can one man produce so many quality songs in such a short period of time?????
Corner Store > Regular Store
THE KING RETURNS
Ah yes, I know a lot about the corner :D
Bill’s creativity for animations never fails to amaze me.
Corn store👍
a
Y’all wake up he’s posted another bop
Eastern Canada simulator
Nice
*This is a certified corner store classic*
in not even 50 seconds. 1.2k likes, that’s how you know he’s a legend.
WOOOOOOOO YEAH
you ARE going in the corner store
Store👍
Funky groove
Amazing as always
these graphics remind me of baldis basics in a weird way. anyways living the content bill
aye nice new notification
He is here peace is back
guys where's the duck i don't see him help :(
I’m tall and handsome
Just amazing
I’M STILL A PIECE OF GARBAGE!!!
How do you even make these masterpieces
This is definitely me at the corner store
You have been keeping me sane.
It's the corner store
the corner store
This guy just keeps getting better and better
I bought something at the corner store.
Omg 🛐
i have been blessed today
Literally stopped my whole thought process bc new bill wurtz video
Fucking love you
*AYEEEEEEE*
Bill Wurtz always makes my day with these songs
This song is good and I know exactly why
Corner store gang
FIFTY FOUR SECONDS AGO!????
This song will now play in my mind when I enter a convenience store.
bill will officially will be my favourite singer
Oml he's back
0:23 it's open
Beans
My dad went to get some milk at the corner store one time. Must really be great since he hasn't come back.
When the world need him most, he returned.
That corner store tho 🥶
babe wake up, bill wurtz uploaded!!
When the world needs him again...he returns!
how it feels to chew 5 gum from the Corner Store™️
コンビニが大好きです！
We go BRRrrRrRrrRR
Corner store
Hello bill
Vibes are immaculate
damnn
I am speed
I walk to burger king. Then i walk back home from burger king.  Getting similar feelings here and i quite like it.
Yes.  Just, yes.
Another 3D bill wurtz project! Not only does it look great but the song is a banger! Bill, I don’t know how you make such great stuff so quickly, but I have mad respect for you doing so!!
Another banger from Bill, truly a blessed day
This says a lot about corner stores
BOUTTA BLOW
Full animation? Pog?
IM SO FUCKING HAPPY HE POSTED HE POSTED I CAN FINALLY FEEL FUCKING ALIVE OH MY GOD
ITS THE CORNER STORE
corner stire 👍
Yes, my only response
Is there no end to this man’s talent?
The animation is really well done....bill wurtz is the only singer that are different from others
Fastest
cool
Love this videos
I enjoy this video
EVERYONE WAKE UP. THE SAVIOR IS BACK.
"Babe, wake up. A new song from bill wurtz just got uploaded."
Sheeeesh
Yooo
Yeah boooooooy
Corner store :D
Oh my god it’s bull wurtz!
This gives me all kinds of emotions
3D ANIMATION????? WHAT IS GOING ON?????? we could make a religion out of this.
amazing only 38 seconds in
26sec 110likes
This is a very good video that I have definitely already seen and not just trying to get a comment in early at all
art🤌
Hello
LEGEND
Where is the middle store bill
i love corner stores
The legend is back
Love me some c o r n e r    s t o r e
I'm a Umbrella  -Bill Wurtz
Woah this is just ":[                 ]"
NEW JAM JUST DROPPED
AT the corner store
He's baaaaaack!
It’s the corner of a brand new world guys
The return of the king
sup bro?
That's a corner store
I wonder if a duck walked into the store and asked if there was any grapes…
First
I clicked on this way too quickly that I cracked my phone a bit.
Its Bill's world. It's a wonderful day.
Every time bill wurtz posts everyone’s day gets better, every time.
our lord and saviour has uploaded once more.
Ay Bill, you mind grabbing some sugar while you’re at the store?
Bill Wurtz RTX on
wake up babe new bill wurtz video just dropped
Makes me want to go to the store
absolute banger
370th (4 views 1.2k likes 370 comments)
This was literally just posted I dropped everything to immediately watch it
First
ＢＩＬＬ ＷＵＲＴＺ ＩＳ ＢＡＣＫ
=)
Is my dad there? He said he was going there a while ago...
SORRY BABE I CANT CALL RN BILL WURTZ UPLOADED
Helo bill it's good to see you again
3D animation?!?!?!?  *upgrades people, upgrades.*
The corner store 🏪
yayyy
Indeed
I don’t know if everything loading in at the start is intentional, but it gives it a video game vibe to me. Like a weird tutorial for shops and locations.
YESSSS YOURE BACK
time for some groovy music
goddamn the improvement on the visuals
It's nice to know that he is still alive...
This is what Bill sees when he eats 7-11 food.
$5
truly magical experience, 12/10
wowza
A Bill Wurtz Treasure. This one is just as amazing as the other ones. What a week saver!
Two words: Absolute legend.
Whoooo! It's a good day when Bill uploads! Keep it up! 🖤🌸
Wow. Upping the quality here.
Your songs are the best :)
god almighty i am going to a goddamn corner store
Living in the city
Why am I dancing so much I think my neck is broken
corner store best store
I know this is really off topic but I just ate the best orange ever.
He's back <3
whoa  hell yeah, Bill!
Another bowling alley strike video from the one and only
Nice
This is a certified Corner Store moment
Behold the greatest animation enigmatic in our generation.
thank you bill
1
:vk:
Wtf am I watching. I love it. But I don’t understand it.
Nani?! Heart PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ
yoooiiiooooiiicfh xddidddhv nice
HE IS BACK
Wait, how did I get here so early? 13 seconds ago? Nice. Love this channel lol
This is a comment
This is me when I’m at the corner store
HUGE HUGE HUGE OH MY GOD
the animations are better than the older one!!
God I love bill
my local corner store is a taco place, just a fun fact
It's a 🌽
Never miss an upload. And today is no different.  Banger track. I feel like im a 80s CGI short film
Bill wurtz the music guy! Bill Bill Bill
the graphics are better than cyberpunk 2077
ay yo bill back with a new fresh beat
Oh hell yeah <3
Unturned graphics be like:
Nice song     Also first comment
The animation is really good!
Bill Wurtz is the only person that keeps me sane
wake up honey, new bill wurtz song
Another bop bro.
The world is good again
Hmm
GOAT
hi bill
ITS THE CORNER OF A BRAND NEW WORLD
Relatable
at the corner store
what in the actually is this-
Oooooh. Very 3D. Much blender.
did… bill just post 😵‍💫😩
His visual effects are getting better and better!
I aint ever clicked this fast before
bread 👍
Yep, it’s a Corner Store. :)
my favorite part is 3:06 edit: i commented this right when the video was released, before anyone couldve possibly made it that far
The return of the king
Honey wake up new Bill Wurtz video!
itd him augsinz!1!1!!!
Oh my god it's a corner store
Cool
I was about to go go sleep  I’m glad I didn’t
We could make a religion out of this
Storer corn
YOO
It’s an event when bill wurtz uploads!
A VIDEO FROM THE LORD
Pog!
Corner store
Damn
grape store
hello? bill posting regularly? a blessing
Poggers new video
Corner stores > malls
billy boy
HES BACK
Less go bill the princess is back
beautiful
Hi
He is officially back
a duck walked up to the corner store
Yesss
YASSSSSSSSSS
Early comment
Keep up the good work Bill lol
Heck yea
1 view and 108 likes, nice YouTube
Like a Walgreens
Hi
👏Masterpiece👏Amazing as always😌😌
Banger season
The return of the king
The ✨Corner store ✨
First
Oh I love this already
New wurtz!
Is the store on the corner or is the store the corner?
Bro wake up bill wurtz dropped
Ayooo bill uploaded. Life is worth living!
FUCKING CORNER STORE
wait what
HolY moly I love this corner store
Lets go another vid
YOU ARE ALIVE??
YOOOO
a
get me some chips pls
I'm early for yet another classic!
corner store moment
Store
thanks bill wurtz very cool
Hey nice song
Honey, wake up. New Bill Wurtz.
Ive never clicked so fast in my life before
YOO
This never never fails to come back when we need him
Yes we are here enjoying the corner store
NOICE
I feel many emotions at my local corner store
Amazing work
YOOOOO NEW SONG
Hes at the corner store!
I can confirm. He's there.
I love
3d looks nice but i kinda miss some of the 2d style. Maybe mix them a bit more?
corner store
ok
cool place store!
Corner store gang
9:17 pm Tuesday April 19th 2022
a  C o r n e r  S t o r e
Great the corner store is in a good place
It’s the corner not gonna lie
bill made another banger of a song
22 seconds ago damn I'm early
YEEAAA CORNER STORE
I’m on the toilet and I’m lazy to wipe.
These graphics are NEXT LEVEL 🤯
An unexpected upload but a one well accepted
Omg I love bill wurtz
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA MAKE A HISTORY VIDEO AGAIN?
This is a money moment
Speed.
Cornerstore
New video?
Ayyy he’s back 😤😤😤😤
He do be there at the corner store
This isnt a roblox trailer?
Like of you found this comment
U baaaack
Woah, it looks so real
Yassss the corner store
Ah yes! My day is saved at last.
slaps
We've found it! The hidden lair of my father. After all this time...
👑
corner time *jazz*
babe wake up, the new bill wurtz video just dropped
hi bill
It’s the corner store
Once again you’ve outdone yourself Bill
Made for you and me baby.
What about the edge store? 🥺
The animation in this video is AWESOME🔥
The man the myth the legend has finally returned
Return of the Kįng
Hi
Hello?
What a banger! how do you manage to pump out content this good so often?  Edit: watched this at least 25 times already
Oh cool Bill uploaded one of his fever dreams again
Ohhh reaallly
e
Me when the
Nice voice
Day has been made :)
Early
WURTZ BILL IPAT TYET COODTGDHER SCART
OMG
E
Finally 😊
LESS GO ANOTHER UPLOAD
Oooooo
I'm glad Bill wurtz is uploading more constantly, it makes me happy
Hi!!
BOW DOWN, HE HAS RETURNED
my history teacher played one of his videos in class
How you doin?
YAY NEW UPLOAD
It is a corner store
Lol
i always forget about this channel
The corner store makes a comeback
Hi early people❤️
what this is so realistic
i like the corner store
omg
Well
Have a great day
Loving this new animation style
Very amazing, extremely spectacular
Noice
I need to buy millions
the first 10 seconds left me in shock
Early
Honey wake up Bill Wurtz uplaod
Yay
Here we go!!
what an exciting trip.
Holy heccers, a new video!
🤣
Bill wurtz I love you
What’s good Bill?
Let's gooooo
that's nice
Hi
let's goooo Christmas came early
Hey Mr. Wurtz how has it been?
Hes at it again
hes back everyone
YOOOOO
Indeed
What are you doing at the corner store
YES PERFECT I LOVE THIS 3D ROAD ALREADY
:)
Gotta love corner stores
Holy shit I’m first
YAY NEW SONG
THIS IS PERFECT.
these 3D vids poppin off though
MY. MAN. Never stop being legendary.
Yoooooooooo
bill is god darn awesome
🕺🕺
👏🏼👏🏼
HES BACK
Store
YAA
Fancy
Yes
OH MY GOD
These songs are always great
🤩
Bill Words!
Nice
i luv bill wurtz
Yo early again
corner store
HE POSTED
WOO BILL DROPPING ANOTHE RBANGER LES GOOO
❤️❤️❤️✨✨✨
incredible
Dang 2 uploads in a month? New record
WOAH
At the corner of my heart
We literally love you Bill, keep up the good work!
Let's go more bill time
BILL WURTZ DROP
Nice
Hes back and back better than ever
It’s a fücking masterpiece
The god has returned!!!
Wwo
lets go
We need more history with your voice
AYY LETS GO
So happy hes alive
I already know it's gonna be a good day.
Absolute banger!
Yes
I WAS HERE
Relatable
Yes
Thank you, Bill, for coming back when we needed you most.          Edit: I’m well-aware that this was a while ago, but I was late to the party that time.
Corner the store
Oh yes :)
He’s back again!!!
WOOOOOO
Noice
4 am gas station blunt wrap
CONA STO
HE'S BACK!
Pretty sure this man deserves a spot in the Human Hall Of Fame (located in the corner store of course)
HE'S BACKKKK
Omg this was posted 15 seconds ago
This is beautiful. We needed you back!
the angel has come down from heaven to give us another chaos song
Yooooooo
Certified bop.
OMG  HES BACK THE LEGEND
It’s Wurtz time let’s go Edit: the phone number on the front of the store isn’t valid, so when we call he will NOT answer
NEW BILL WURTZ LETS GO
Jesus Christ I’m really early
YES 21ST
Nice
Yooooooo
First
SURPRISE???
another day another upload
Ten seconds in and I’m in love.
Yo
He do be at the corner store
🤑
HEs BACK
Heck yeah
Praise the lord
This is life changing.
will burtz
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Second!
Yooooo
Shoppin'
I missed you (:
eyyy
Bill my lad my boy my chum, coming out with more banger tunes!
Another hit, from one of the greatest.
earlyyy
Hi bill wurtz
cool
BANGER
corner store
Early gang
Keep the roll going bro
bill wurt
the king has return once more
Conner
Happy Tuesday Bill
Yes please.
EPIC THANK YOU
Not first or could be idk but hello
Bill’s back
BLESS UP BILL
*s t o r e*
babe, wake up. new bill wurtz video dropped
yes
:o
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Bill is epic Edit: and you guys reading this comment are too :)
Nice
A duck walked up to a corner store
I love your uploads! ⭐🌟🤩
And first
12th
Ok
a
hes back
Hamburger
nice
Immediately clicked
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!!
23 seconds lol
Hi epic song !!!
Papa Bill returns
Yooooooo
Click as fast as could
store.
Yooo
Store
Cornerstore
LETS GO NEW SONGGGGG
Cool👍
Wooo
Incredible
let’s go new bill
Another work of art
oh welcome back man!
bill made a video
HE UPLOADED!!!
Hi
He’s back!!!
Nice corner store
sup
slayyyy
Ok
LETSS GOOOO
Love you man
I love your videos so much
corner store 🙀🙀
Hi there friend let's be happy together.
Nice
BABE WAKE UP BILL WURTZ DROPPED
First
Cool
shout out to all the corner stores
He came back!1
store yooo
yes pog moment
Yes please
Pog
OH MY GOD THE LEGEND IS BACK
HI BILL, HOW ARE YOU???
hi bill
First
Sweet
will smith
Oh hey he's alive
THE LEGEND HIMSELF
Corner store
I love this
Amazing
yes
Hallo
Got any grapes?
No way
ayo he's back
THEYRE BACK
bill wurtz
Amazing!!
Hi
Yay
j
DO THEY HAVE CIGARETTES?????
yo
furst
corner of the earth
Early
Babe wake up new bill wurtz dropped
our lord has returned.
I luv bill
Omg it bi
Nice
Hello
I ate a door
BILLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing
Damn
A mood
amazing
hello
Nice
He went to go get milk
Jam
yoo
Yes
Pog
No way
Second
It’s perfect
Hi
First
LETS GOO
Hello
HES BACK
He is indeed at the corner store
BILL
Spicy Nuggets
ok
Great!
Bills back babyy
yuh
OH MY GOD BILL WURTZ POST
early
new bill wurtz just dropped
Bread sticks
HE HATH RETURNED
yeet
epic
New song!
Yessir fire shit right here shits a vibe
lol
YES
Good to see Bill uploading more now!
Nice
e
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD HOLY SHIT
yooo
BILL
yay
E?
Thanks for the monthly uploads.
YESSS
wht
Storeeeee
Hi
Cool
yoooo
kazakhstan ugrazaj nambambierofke
Not first
Eggrolls
Noice
hello
Welcome back!
E
He returns!
Pog
hi billy
I love you no homo
THEY HAVE NO SOAP
Yooooooo new video
Heyy
yoooo
Another banger
Epic
Here
I LOVE YOU
bill is back again
Thanks dude
Hi
Potassium
Hi bill
WHAT THE FUCK
bro your songs don’t make sense but do and I love it.
AYYYY
E
E
I have to congratulate you for making such amazing songs, songs that i can’t understand half the time, sure, but still amazing songs!
Sheeeesh, this video is bussing bussing
Daddy
Do they sell mints?
Wooo
Spicy Nuggets
W
First
first
les get it
Pog
Early
2nd
hi
yes
beautiful
Geist
He's backkk
Yoooooooo
Early
W
AYYYYY
NO WAY BILL WURTZ REAL
Wow, I’m so damn early
Hi
Yes
uuhh
aa
Poggers (13th comment!)
corner store
Oh fuck yeah. Every upload from you is a blessing from the gods ngl
Corner
😲
nice
I’m first
YO
Hi
Yeet
Oh my god what is this
:O
