Jimmy being a dick!
Ben Williams is a top guy. Jimmy's just embittered
what do yer mean im funny😂😂
This incident totally destroyed any respect I had left for Jimmy White.  He was a pretty decent player in his day but he was never good enough for this prima donna attitude to be acceptable.  I saw flashes of this arrogance in his younger years but this incident really showed him in his true colours. Nasty man.
I've completely gone off Jimmy over the last few years. I would have had more respect for him had he come out after the match and said something like 'i should not have reacted like that or referred to the ref as I did' but no. I wasn't surprised to see O'Sullivan stand by Whites actions afterwards
Showed his true colours white..he's an arsehole. A fraud. Had me and my dad cheering for him all through the 80s. My late dad loved him. Then you read whites biography and he admitted he was cocained of his head most of the time. He didn't deserve the support he had. Looking back now I'm glad he never win a world title. He didn't deserve it
Ridiculous. White never gave "gave him the finger" at all. His gesture was to indicate that the Ref was doing his head in and disturbing his concentration. The Ref shouldn't be giggling like a kid at his own error anyway - this game is being played for stacks of cash, pride and reputation.
dont mess with jimbo
Jimmy: ‘what’s funny about that’?  Your syrup Jimmy
Stupid ref
Jimmy acting like he's shaking down geezers for Barry Hearn's money in 1983, good on the ref for asserting his authority.
The ref has a great sense of humour which jimmy clearly doesn’t. The audience who applauded jimmy’s action should be ashamed of themselves
Lol it is funny
What an idiot referee he is.
Three times he asked the ref what was funny. Very arkward  indeed
That ref  if that happened outside the venue would have given school boy white a slap that’s for sure.
i dont think he meant any thing by it ? what the hell could he mean, White is a ass hole and he always has been.
"Alright, keep your 'air on"
Every time I see Jimmy's wig, or whatever it is he's got on his head, I laugh more than the ref did.
What a tantrum - little boy. Never fulfilled his potential as a player - disappointing, be a man.
Wouldn’t have done that if he was winning. Sore loser
Referee wanker
He doesn't stick his finger, slow down the speed and u can see
He was 3 nil down  And wat happend with the ref was unfortunate.  We're all human Make mistakes but that's life.
Most refs wouldn't have pissed themselves laughing like that, for any reason. There's serious stuff going on and he laughed like that. If I were Jimmy I would be annoyed too.
I had long held certain suspicions about Jimmy White and the type of character he is deep down and this moment sadly confirmed those suspicions.
Scumbag
Listen at 0:37 It’s kind of difficult to be sure whether Jimmy calls brown or blue. It almost sounded blue (even though he calls brown). Referee can be forgiven if it sounded blue.   Jimmy needs to let go. He is well past his best. He is just going to become angry and bitter because he will never be able to turn back the clock to the 80s and 90s and perform like back then. Jimmy is actually a nice guy. He is one of the first people to call foul on himself (a nice trait he inherited from his friend John Virgo) when referee missed it.
Very unprofessional laughing like a child
Jimmy White? Best friend of Alex Higgins, say no more
The Ref should pack his job in and go to America and become a pig .
Whsy was the ball called on the brown & was tbat why the ref was laughing???
this clip is hilarious. The petulance of it all 😂
Or did the referee act insecure and made up a excuse to give him a warning because he eas caught red handed unable to do his job while the audience were cheering Jimmy for having the courage to stand up?
The same referee that couldn't control the masters final between Ronnie and carter! He's shocking
yeah, he is the cee uu en tee'est referee in snooker
Coming down from the drink n sniff😢
Met both of these chaps both very pleasant. Saw ben before the masters final and wished him luck was very appreciative of the support.
"FUNNY?? HOW??!" Jimmy Goodfella.
"Jimmy White one.."
Jimmy has no business on the main tour at all. He's not even qualified to be honest. It's just a matter of mercy that they still let him play there. But pro sports should gather the best players, not players from the past. He should stick to the seniors tour.
If that was in a local  snooker Hall he would've  got his head slapped off..little Hitler
The referee did really well to re-establish authority after would would have been a humiliating experience.
He's well known for being an aggressive twat ... snd that's the bald truth aint it Jimmy? Just wiggin ya m8 your break off.
O'Sullivan and White are just lager-top prats with no respect for the referee or any form of authority. Referees are the people who underpin a sport which has given you a very comfortable living instead of cleaning windscreens. As for Ben, he should have asked White to put his complaint in writing. "Do wot, innit?"
Jimmy : "what's funny about that?", the referee : "your ridiculous glued on wig".
Jimmy White taking himself too seriously as always.......but is happy to have a bad looking wig glued and taped to his bald head.
Good on the ref for not taking any nonsense from a trumped-up has-been. But Ben should have replied "Your hair"..
It seemed there could have been previous between them. Jimmy losing 3-0 and needing to win 4 in a row against soon to be world champion Luca Brecel, he is not Impressed at the ref laughing when he points out his mistake when he called blue ball when he had nominated the brown. The ref gave him a warning for sticking his finger up at him. He never at all, he just gestured with his hand that he was carrying on,  he just lifted his hand and it was his index finger sticking out and not the middle one which would have been disrespectful if done on purpose but it clearly wasn’t. I think the referee just got embarrassed when Jimmy was annoyed with him laughing and wanted to shut him up and in threatening to dock him the frame (and match) if he carried on, Jimmy had to leave it. Carried on and missed the brown which would’ve been infuriating and when your flow is interrupted in snooker, you often seem to play a bad shot. It must drive Jimmy crazy as he was and arguably could still be the best player never to win the World Championship, losing 6 Finals (once was 14-8 up and then lost 10 frames in a row to lose 18-4! 😡 Once missing a very potable black and losing 18-17) 😡 To play great in practice, like as well as he’s ever played and then  rarely take that form to the match tables nowadays must totally rile him and refs laughing when he’s 3-0 down with a possible 4 to play in a best of 7 must be so frustrating! Did well to keep his cool when he rattled the brown!  You’re a legend Jimmy, keep at it. Win or lose you’ll always sell out venues. We love to see you win though and know you still can.
He should stick to singing for Suede.
Oh,  did you spill my pint moment.  No need at all.
Jimmy has got as real nasty side. Made himself look a proper prat here
I went to see White in an exhibition, he just got really drunk and was rude to everyone.  Never meet your idols 😬😔
The refs false laugh made him a bigger prick
Being 3-0 down may have had something to do with his anger, very bitter man imo
There’s a rumour that after this match, Jimmy’s wig developed a consciousness and detached itself from his head and made its way to the referee’s changing room to apologise.
He can’t even go bald gracefully so no chance of him bowing out of the game. Made the game popular along with Alex Higgins because if the style of play. Unlike Higgins he never really won anything. Retire and do us all a favour.
After all the fuss he missed the brown.😂
Jimmy White just a miserable old man clinging to a sport he clearly doesn't belong in anymore , hanging around Ronnie like a leach . Sad really as in the 80s he was a great player to watch
The comments here disrespecting Jimmy White are ridiculous. The ref may be a "nice guy" but fact is he was very unprofessional here. This is an extremely intense game which requires complete and total focus with players playing at the top level, and the ref just inserted himself nominating the wrong colour unprofessionally and he, along with others in the comments here, just expects the players around him to just be like "no worries! lolz". Even worse, he laughs loudly and arrogantly while Jimmy is trying to focus on the taking the shot after Jimmy quite rightly points out his complete idiocy here. It was the ref who made the mistake and caused disruption. No one else.
Someone is having their period.
Jimmy reminds me of Ronnie, they think they are better humans than anyone, and don't give a shit about about anyone else! I know this as not only did I meet Jimmy White, and he blanked me for his autograph, but years ago, his BEST mate Alex Higgins asked me for £10 for his signature after I drew 1-1 with him in an expedition match!! Ronnie the same, up their own asses that much, they don't care about the fans!!
Owned by ref 😂😂
Jimmy watched the film Goodfellas the night before 😂 Doing a good Joe Pesci impression 😂
Jimmy White shouldn't be like that at this stage of his career. He is a multimillionaire. It's not like he is under mad pressure to pay the mortgage or anything. On the other hand it shows how ultra competitive he still is.
Does he wear a wig 😂
Jimmy clown
Jimmy called him a Dimlo after the ref called blue. Jimmy was in the wrong.
Give Jimmie a break the ref called blue he was going for brown Jimmy had every right to call ref dinlo 😅
Jimmy wasn't out of order ref should not of called blue when he was going for brown give Jimmie a break 😊
"I'm funny how? No no, wait.... I'm funny how? Like a clown? I'm here to amuse you? Jimmy going all Joe Pesci 😂🤣
I so wish that I hadn't seen Jimmy act like this. One of the most  charismatic, likeable players around, but on this occasion halo slipped. It shows we are all infallible and capable of having a bad day. Just decided to take it out on the wrong man as Ref is also under pressure to get things spot on and a simple mistake caused a perhaps inappropriate but nervous giggle that on another day Jimmy himself may have smiled at himself.
should referee ben Williams be reprimanded for his part in the jimmy white and Ben Williams incident ? I believe he should be, like most have said this is the type of thing that gets under your skin and can easily be the reason for loosing the match, or even worse one could quite literally hand the match to his opponent and walk off in disgust, and I am the type to do exactly that, and I have purposely left it this long to see how others feel, and responded, imagine the world championship final all level final frame and that happens, what then, is it acceptable, every frame is important,
Jimmy has the worst hair transplant I've ever seen, 20+yrs walking round with a turnip on his head...🙈
The ref would not have laughed if Jimmy had not called him a "dimlo"
Did Jimmy do this to make sure it showed up first on 'Jimmy White Snooker' searches? Rather than all the times he blew the WC final!!!??
This referee shouldn’t laught if  he understands snooker respect snooker and understand the pressure !!! Don’t think this muppet can understand the game !!!  Hope I don’t get to see this muppet again
The 'Rough Diamond' Schtick isn't funny anymore. You've done the podcasts, performed the lovable Artful Dodger routine, and are now indirectly taking your frustrations out on others due to missed chances throughout your career (all because of boozing late nights and various other things) either shape up or close the door on your way out.
Jimmy was a member of the Tooting Bec crime syndicate so doesnt like to be disrespected
Unpopular opinion, I agree with Jimmy. What is funny about that? Aggravating snigger from the referee.
Whats funny about that?.........  Might we start with your pineapple styled syrup and work our way down?
Humour is killed by tension or ill feelings in general.
He was laughing at Jimmy’s wig
Whole load of idiots on here blaming jimmy, there is no situation without the mistake i repeat the mistake and lack of professionalism and respect by the so called referee. Jimmy should demand an apology, these referees getting way out hand at times
Referee way out line, persumed the blue, then hadn the professionalism to appolgise when jimmy nominated the brown. Utter disgrace
If I was the ref I would have pinched his arss just before he took the shot
Really disappointed seeing this. JW went down in my estimation after this.   I’ll forever remember this. Jimmy simply hasn’t got a leg to stand on.   Bang out of order and tells you a lot about who the man really is.
Jeezy peeps! Jimmy White being a wank for no real apparent reason ..... he will have his personal reason for it but in general lighting up ffs!
He's a dopey ref, should'nt be reffing at that level.
Jimmy deserved that. Well done referee. Don’t understand why Jimmy was so uptight, refs only human, he can make a mistake. Jimmy’s reaction was that of an ass.
Jimmy was not in best form to not take it with good humour. But nevertheless he is within his rights to take the game seriously (especially as Jimmy was 3-1 down in a race to 4). However, the way the ref (who I otherwise really like) refused to apologise for not reading the situation well, as well as the abuse of power from the ref immediately afterwards because he lost face and exaggerated about Jimmy "sticking a finger up" was the actual out of order gesture. Lost a lot of respect for the ref here.
Butthurt referee, swallow your pride - he didn't give you the finger, you were just fishing through utter embarrassment. Idiot.
Is that really a wig jimmy white is wearing?
What a bellend
the ref made a mistake and he shouldn't really have laughed but this is jimmy showing the type of person he really is-he gives the impression that he's a friendly guy when the cameras are around but if u do meet him in person,like i have,u may be in for a disappointment.not just me but i've spoken to other people that have met him and many of them said he was 'offish' and unfriendly!
Bad refereeing all round. Why on earth did he nominate the blue on Jimmy's behalf, and why did he laugh like that? Also I don't think Jimmy stuck his finger up in the way the ref was referring.
Ref being a jobsworth here
Most people missing the fact that this all started by Jimmy aggressively turning towards the ref and calling him a dimlo (thicko, idiot). THAT is what the ref laughed off, really giving Jimmy the benefit of the doubt that it was a joke. If the ref had “acted professionally” as some seem to think he should, he could have given him a warning immediately, but it’s a gentleman’s sport and instead he rightly gave Jimmy another chance. When Jimmy doubled down with an aggressive, repeated “what’s funny about that”, he guaranteed himself the warning the ref had given him a chance to avoid, but most importantly is now forever immortalised on YouTube as a sad, old, bitter man.
Ref didn't like being called out - it bruised his ego in front of the audience. The finger reason was just an excuse cos his laugh backfired
White never showed the character to win any of his multiple finals and this very stupid reaction shows nothing but mental weakness under pressure.
This was a very unfortunate moment from Jimmy. The referee is one of the best in the world and always has a smile on his face. I like Jimmy but went on a diva mode and it was totally uncalled for.
terrible white you look creepy
No wonder Jimmy White is known as a loser
Very sad
There is nothing funny about it, If Jimmy wasn't paying attention when the ref said blue ball and then took the shot then it would have been a foul for Jimmy all because the ref is stone deaf, so for the ref to stand there laughing what could have cost Jimmy the frame all because of the refs mistake is not a laughing matter, if anything the ref should have said "Sorry Jim, my mistake, brown ball" not laugh : /
Literally called the ref something like a “dimlow” the ref laughs it off as a joke and Jimmy then takes it all serious, came across as a bit of a dick to me no defending him!
The Whirlwig was pulling his artificial hair out over this.
White with a fucking bad attitude
Glad brecel beat him
If white was winning it be diffrent story he is being a tosser white bit arrogant Jimmy
Ref is right Jimmy being a prick
That s the good old drunk fuck fart
Anyone know if he got fined for this? I hope so. Seems like  nasty little bloke to me always thought this. Just has a funny vibe about him.
Was there a funny side?
Suspect it’s the frame to his opponent
Jimmy should get back on the gear
Alright jimmy keep ur rug on.  Imagine that thing slipping over his eyes or doing a runner!
The problem with Jimmy White AND the referee is that when they both look at the table they can only see money in front of their eyes instead of their balls. Maybe White should retire. He's only pleasant when it's to his own advantage anyway.
He's a bellend.. walked past him as a kid and said hi in the lobby at the WC , totally blanked me..
He should have wrapped the snooker cue around his head 😁
Both Jimmy and the ref were out of order. The end.
The ref incorrectly called blue ball. Jimmy corrects him and says brown ball. The ref then says brown ball. At this point the ref isn't laughing and Jimmy should get on with the game. But instead Jimmy decides to call the ref a name (dinlo I think). Thats when the ref started laughing. He was laughing because Jimmy called him a dinlo. So Jimmy brought this on himself. No need to call the ref a name, just get on with the game after the ref called brown ball.
Southerners lack a Sense of Humour, which is why they all look so miserable most if the time.
People seem to focus on the fact that Jimmy may or may not have raised his finger, and not the fact he insulted the referee with "dimlo" after they made an honest mistake. This was an oddly hostile reaction, and to ease tension, the referee laughed it off, giving Jimmy an out, but then Jimmy doubled down with his hostility and asked what was so funny about it. To me, the finger is barely relevant, but did allow the referee to save face by taking disciplinary action due to Jimmy's offensive behaviour.  Did he stick his finger up? Probably - it's consistent with the general attitude displayed, and many an insolent schoolboy has presented a similar gesture to a scolding teacher to give them plausible deniability. Poor show, but that's Jimmy's true character so who's surprised.
The guys a fool I’ve no time for him. Had he been winning, he wouldn’t of made a point of the ref calling the wrong ball. But that’s him all over. I’m shocked he didn’t thro the rest at him lol
All I can think is that Jimmy must have been having a bad day.  When he was in his prime he was always very quiet and he didn’t seem to get involved in spats with other players or the officials.
He should have walked off! Ok laughing at your own cock up, but for these chaps it's a serious game, matters were made worse by threatening him with a warning, as I said for his fk up. Anyway I'm off to watch my glossed door dry.
Jimmy will forever be bitter for not winning a World Championship. Love this referee.
That referee is on the wrong job apparently. See... did Jimmy's opponent laugh?
Keep your hair on Jimmy 🤣🤣🤣
I would of stopped playing & demanded a new referee as there is a negative situation between referee & player.. if no new referee I would of just walked out of the match..
Jimmy you Wally 😂😂
Jimmy met me once, I wasn't very nice to him. He hasn't been the same ever since.
Ref should be a bit more professional, Jimmy is not the player he was obviously but occasionally can play very well,jimmy was frustrated the way the match was going.
That's poor form, James. Take a look at yourself.
Same Referee that's had spats with O'sullivan Trump and now king when he accused him of a push ball. Guy should be nowhere near a snooker table
Keep your hair on Jimmy, sad man, sure you would only p  iss the winnings away on coke and horses.
Being shit on for a decade must takes its toll on you. Though I suppose it’s the gambling away any earnings you’ve ever had that would put you in a worse mood.
McManus & Ronnie were defending Jimmy and criticising the ref on Eurosport which was a bit unfair on the ref, I know Jimmy is their mate & colleague but come off it.
I hope Jimmy apologised to the ref after the game, bang out of order there from Jimmy.
I like Jimmy White but he was totally wrong here. O Sullivan and Macmanus defended White basically saying he was in the zone. So next time a player cracks a funny mid match perhaps they should get a warning then. I Hope people (players and referees) have given Williams their support over this matter.
It actually sounded like JW said blue!
Why’s white being silly now?
Warning for putting his finger up 🤷‍♂️
A bitter snooker player that never won the world 🌍
What a dickhead. Good job on the ref for sticking up for himself.
Red knows he said brown. Tit
The ref is a complete helmet, and look at his aggressive nature once the situation changed and he could blame Jimmy. The guy is 3-0 down in a best of 7 , he shouldn’t be laughing, and why’s he nominating a ball for him anyway ??
Is it offensive to stick your index finger up? Ref is clutching at straws really. He was embarrassed by Jimmy's childish behaviour. Nothing in it but if he was the one 3 nil up you bet he wouldn't notice anything.
At the end of the day you can't polish a turd.
The ref was bang out of order
How could you take Jimmy seriously when he plays snooker balancing a coconut on his head, come on Jimmy it’s not fancy dress.
I love you jimmy but you was a right tit here
Well said Jimmy lad
I was going to say that he’s forgotten his roots….then I remembered
Ahhh emotions, this is what u get when the women are in control, just wait its gonna get alot worse. Nice controllable people are great in a polite trustsociety but all of that is dying and things will explode. Hopefully soon so i can rebuild and actually get a non feminist "bossgirl".
Give it up Jimmy your a has been , we all go past our best , accept it gracefully.
How much longer is White going to embarrass himself with that rat on top of his head?
The whole point of nominating a colour and the referee then repeating it is to avoid mistakes. The system worked perfectly here. The ref just made light of it but there was no real need for Jimmy to react like that.
the game thats dead…
Ref was a complete prick. Man's focussed on his game and red thinks it's some comedy show
Absolute bullshit... Jimmy didn't stick the middle finger up or index finger aggressively pointing at the ref, he raised his entire hand with all fingers up like the true italian he is... Ref is a media whore, bullshit artist that needs to get over himself... giving the power of refs a bad name... Ben williams should come out in public(which he'll love) and apologize... "hey Mum I got famous". He was wrong to even talk about what ball Jimmy was going to go for, and his verb was a complete shine whore
Should have docked him the frame for that ridiculous rug. Idiot still thinks he’s 23.
I love Jimmy to bits, he's absolutely my sporting hero, but he's definitely in the wrong here...
Very out of charcter for Jimmy and to be fair Ben williams did not expect that either as he was only trying to make light of a genuine error, which he rarely makes anyway.  Jimmy is normally so amiable- still, even geniuses have off days!
Referee should be reprimanded
...ahh and then he missed his shot🤦🏿‍♂️
He certainly shouldnt have laughed, and should have just apologised immediately, but he just stood looking at JW.
Ref being a W⚓, laughing at a player under pressure, worlds full of em !! a little man who's nobody at the side of White.
Bad form Jimmy, uncalled for. End result? You missed your next shot.
That's what happens when you let Ally McCoist referee a snooker match, always joking about.
Losing 6 World Championships finals does too you. Pressure release.
Hardman Jimmy scary stuff
Jimmy's attitude is getting as ridiculous as his appearance. Acted like a grade A Pr@ck here.
Ref was in wrong calling wrong ball he should've apologized to jimmy
Ben Williams 15 minutes of fame, giving a warning for being an idiot himself. But sure he has a pretty smile...
Jimmy white the prat. FFS why would you make a big deal out of that. The ref could've knocked him cold out if he'd of wanted. If you can't take humour don't play. Idiot!
Jimmie is the epitome of a desperate man
Certainly didn't look like he stuck his finger up to me,he used his hand....
Jimmie loseing his wig again
This referee is a clown. Always making mistakes and laughing. Jimmy was in the zone when the ref called the wrong ball. And to be fair to Jimmy I paused it and he stuck his first finger up which in my book means nothing
Ben williams is like a toddler always grinning, cant stand him
Bad Jimmy, no need for such childish attitude. You might have been around a long time but show some respect for the ref. Better still. perhaps you should retire now. You're way past your good years long ago.
Jimmy's a legend of course, but this is him being an absolute dick for no reason. How dare he behave like that - both the nasty aggressive comment and the finger. He should have been walked out of the arena by the tournament director there and then and given a bollocking for that behaviour. Knobhead.
I can’t believe someone like jimmy white would react like that 🤔
******* refs these days have way to much  pride ref made a mistake and also Jimmy made a mistake with his finger that should cancel each other out but ref ego and pride was to much and wanted to feel he was more superior then a legend
Hope his wig is stuck well.
FFS Jimmy, CHILL OUT. !!!!!
Not sure how people can be defending Jimmy here. Ben made a little mistake and tried to diffuse it with a laugh, yet his positive response still gets some people irked. Notice how unchanged he was afterwards too when Luca was at the table, very professional. Jimmy's posture and tone of voice screamed attitude, and not a good one
Even when Jimmy's doing his punditry bit he looks pissed off..... Cheer up Jimmy ffs.
Jimmy's old give it up you coffin dodger what a p****
Jimmy had a bad Day, thats all"
Referee reminded me of a jobsworth copper
Stupid by White. Made a complete tit of himself..
am i a clown? do i amuse you? funny how? what the fcuk is so funny about me? tell me...
Pure arrogance and disrespect from the referee!
This referee is often at the center of attention. The best referees are ones that you do not notice
Jimmys always bern a prick
Fucking nob head. Always giggling
I shot a crow Wednesday morning , and wondered where it had landed.
Jimmy out of order, ref correct to warn for his passive aggressive attitude, Ronnie more familiar with being a player with a bad attitude than trying to referee a player with an ego!
Ref was supposed to say sorry that's the brown ball that's the professional way, instead he reacted like a police officer who retaliated after being embarrassed in public
Ref got this all wrong, he should have apologised and moved on. Jimmy did nothing wrong. Would be nice to see the ref apologise once hes watches it back
The referee made a simple honest mistake, jimmy’s reaction was uncalled for and very disappointing for a hero of mine. No excuse for this behaviour and the referee acted entirely appropriately
Should have broke the cue on his head when he missed
Since when was it the refs decision which colour to play ,jimmy should have walked off
Keep your hair on
jimmy taking the hump here. honest mistake . ref should have taken 1 off his jaw for being a moody prck
His 'hair' looks as utterly ridiculous as ever...
Give it up White , go and walk the dog.
Mardy old man, he just mardy cos he'll never be a great or a world champion. Should be more mature than that at his age, parfetic
It's the way he laughed that upset Jimmy.   That ref has to be the giggliest ref on the circuit, he needs to take a leaf from the female refs who all take their job seriously. Good refs don't draw attention to themselves.   Or to put it another way - other refs wouldn't have giggled like that guy did, they would have simply apologized.
honest mistake by the ref
About time Jimmy did snooker a favour and do one he's a dinosaur what a Muppet how many times has he won world championship the guys a joke😂😂😂😂🎱🎱🎱
Ref got a bit butt hurt and tried to show his power!
Disgusting behaviour.. Should be removed from commentary now...
What’s his problem ffs,needs to take obviously more coke or something🤷🏻‍♂️unbelievable attitude by white.
oh, btw the ref ben did this same warning at the beginning of the year, saying jimmy stuck his middle finger up, which he did not ! I think Ben doesn't like jimmy
That refs a joke needs removing from the game
That ref needs a lesson on power trips..
Jimmy is lucky it wasn't big Len Ganley with his joy division oven gloves.
Jimmy “I’m skint” white shock horror has bottom lip as he is 3-0 down and playing 💩
Jimmy showed his true colour and it happened to be brown, how ironic.
No need for the ref to laugh
I am a jimmy fan but he was out of order on this occasion
Jimmy White showing the real Jimmy White that you don’t see on the TV. Dickhead
The ref's Change of expression in under 10 sec over a nominated colour.. 😂 😡..
White being a full weight helmut again  its time he packed up
Ref is an unprofessional prick. End of
Ref should have said, "shut up, Baldie, and get on with the game".
Why is Jimmy getting so much grief here, he did little wrong, the ref messed up and laughed about it, I dont think I'd be too happy either and then he warns Jimmy for giving him the finger which he didn't, he should maybe get a reprimand for this, Jimmy is innocent
Why did he react like that? Very disappointed in Jimmy for acting like an arsehole there.
Typical arrogant Jimmy White.  He's not been a man of the people for a long, long time.  The ref made a simple mistake.  White tried to embarrass him.  What a weasel.  The guy's past it. He should have retired 15 years ago.
The referee made a mistake. Jimmy criticised him for it. The referee laughed about it. Jimmy asked him 'what is funny about this'? Referee doesn't answer. Jimmy raises his hand in a gesture of frustration. Referee then falsely accuses him of giving him the finger and warns him. Jimmy does not escalate or react. And nearly all of YT sides with the ref. I wonder if he used to be a cunstable?
Well ive got a mate who referee's exhibition matches and jimmy white was being an arsehole with him at one of his exhibitions a few years ago so this doesn't suprise me.
Jimmy - "What's funny bout that?? 🤔"  Ronnie backstage 📢  - "Jimmy DON'T START!"
This ref always laughs, and is one of the best over there, but maybe this time he shouldn't have done that, all in respect for Jimmy, but man, how can you react like that?
Jimmy called him a dinlo. Ben Williams laughed and jimmy saw his ass. Jimmys probably upset because the glue on his wig was coming off.
It looks like most of you missed why the ref laughed like that in the first place... Because old Jimmy boy called him a "fucking dimlo". Fight or flight took hold of him and he decided the best thing to do was laugh it off.  Personally i think Jimmy deserved the rough end of stick over this spat but it feels like he's been let off very lightly with the poor ref being thrown under the bus.
sorry jimmy lad , you did give the finger . you just seen your arse because you where 3.0 down at the time .
Dick move from jimmy.
He called the ref a dinlo. Or dumb.
ALL YOU WANT WHEN YOUR 3 0 DOWN IS A SARCASTIC REF, JIMMY WAS RIGHT TO BE MAD AT HIM, THIS IS JIMMY WHITE LEGEND, THE REF IS NOBODY.
I think the laugh was too much, BUT he did say something rude before the laugh and that was unnecessary 0:39-0:40
Jimmy might have a point, just watching the ronnie v Grace match and Grace potted the brown and Ben picked it out the pocket and put it on the green spot before realising the brown spot was available.
Jimmy good player Evan if I didn't win
I think it just a little misunderstanding. I've seen the ref laughing before when Ronnie farted a few years ago,  he's one of them blokes who likes a laugh and I think he thought Jimmy was sharing a joke with him and then Jimmy just got nasty cos he was losing 3-0. Yes the ref should maybe work on trying not to snigger so easily, but Jimmy must know him and know that he wasn't laughing at his match position.
the ref had his ego hit, embarrassing. he stuck up his index finger.
White was the most entertaining player back in the day ... I think he should consider packing it in now. He should have packed it in years ago actually.
The referee thinks he's some kind of Jimmy White!
What's he calling the colour for anyway, the ball he is gona hit is the one he is gona hit
Bring back Len Ganley lol
white is a cock with a stupid hair cut and never won the world lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Poor Jimmy, losing the plot, over nothing.
I hate when someone asks a question 3 times...!A hole! Why they still give him a tour card? It should be EARNED!
Jimmy must be strung out is he back on the coke
Just another stain on white
Jimmy didn't give Ben the finger but he did call him a derogatory term and was very downgrading showing very little respect. Disappointed in Jimmy, if it had been anyone else they'd have been treated more harshly tbf. Fair play to Ben for showing some authority he's was only having a little laugh for God's sake, most would interpret Jimmy's comment as a joke. Jimmy is trying too hard and needs to chill
it was his index finger not his middle one....... pause it at 49 seconds. Think the ref needs glasses......
ref made a simple mistake by saying the wrong colour and had a chuckle. jimmy didnt seem to think so i hope jimmy will and can see the funny side one day
Ref was laughing at the hairpiece.
should  have   given him a  belt  with  the  cue the  ref could  have  said  nothing and let  it  go  off coarse  like  football  the referees  have to much..........  the  way  jimmy squared  up  to  him there  hes  lucky he  got  out  off the building
The way Jimmy walks round the table geneuinly makes me feel like he’s trying to prove something constantly. He looks so uptight. Relax jimmy
Jimmy was wrong, unprofessional and arrogant. He should apologize to the referee.
I know jimmy personally and he is nothing but a drug addled 6 time loser
Disappointed in Jimmy
They both could have behaved better...the ref should not be facetious, and take it more seriously, and Jimmy can't be verbally attacking the ref like that....should have just ignored the refs laugh and got on with it...if he was winning he probably would have smiled at the refs mistake...
I'm a big fan of Jimmy but this was uncalled for.  He's a decent bloke otherwise, and one has to assume he's got some other stresses on.  Jimmy, please apologise to Ben..
FUNNY HOW? HOW AM I FUNNY? I'M HERE TO AMUSE YOU?
what a asshole is that diese referee
Jimmy still plodding along so he can afford a few more hairs on that nut!
Turn up the volume, Jimmy calls him a DimLow then the ref laughs, that's why jimmy says whats funny about that.
Jimmy should have dropped nut on him
Referee laughed because Jimmy said to him dinlo.
Jimmy needs to calm down. Anybody can make a mistake.
arrogant referee!!!.Jimmy, you are my hero!!!!
Ahh jimmy, I had great time for you up to now. Apologise man. Ben misheard you and you had be a right asshole.
The ref is a professional he was in the wrong.
Im sorry but i just cant help looking at Jimmys hair??? Jimmy grow old gracefully pal!
Used to love Jimmy in the early days. He’s just Ronnie’s arse kisser these days.
Jimmy called the ref a Dinlo which is a idiot or stupid . Ref thought he was joking so laughed . Jimmy should be ashamed of himself. Alan McManus and O’Sullivan backing Jimmy up saying refs used to call us sir years ago. Pfff . Bunch of scumbags dragged up in pool halls match fixing crack smoking fools. No wonder no one watches snooker now.
It's funny, you know. It's a good story, it's funny, you're a funny guy.
the ref is lucky that wasn't Alex Higgins he'd be nursing a black eye now
The commentators first reaction was to laugh as well same as the ref, Jimmy 3-0 down of course he's going to be abit uptight especially after pulling off a tremendous red. To make it worse he missed the brown as well, probably things going on in his head, not maximum concentration.
The Ref should not of laughed at his own  mistake during a serious match. Jimmy has never been anything but a gentleman on the baize. Jimmy is one of the players that has put the sport where it is today. He is Legend in his field the ref trying to use familiarity and contempt, the ref should be fined for belligerence.
Jimmy definitely said something derogatory to the ref immediately after the wrong call and kudos to the ref for dismissing it as banter and laughing it off. Very disappointed in Jimmy there, always thought he was a bigger man than that. Bet the ref stifled another chuckle there when the brown didn’t drop
Over reaction by JW I think, shame because JW is still a fantastic player, referee a bit embarrassed by a simple mistake easily done
They both should apologise to each other , very unprofessional from Ben Williams and jimmy. He says what's so funny to Ben Williams and rightly so jimmy trying concentrate and he's laughing.  A decent ref like Jan ver haas wouldn't do anything like that.
unprofessional by the referee laughing instead of apologizing for his mistake but no excuse for Jimmy's reaction. Very surprising.
I love jimmy but I felt embarrassed for the poor ref he was laughing it off , very embarrassed for him to be fair , but jimmy is jimmy 3-1 down and ritely in bad form, mind you jimmy will be the first to apologise after the match make no mistake about that .
If he didn’t mean “up yours” by sticking his index finger up, please tell me what he did mean?
Miserable old fart, because he's losing and things aren't going his way he gets bitter about it. Ref made a simple joke and Jimmy reacted in the complete WRONG way about it. Glad he got the warning shouldn't be such a sour grape and lighten up a little bit or get off the tour if you're going to be throwing tantrums and rests around when things don't go your way, not how a legend of the game should behave
If you slow down the footage Jimmy did NOT use the middle finger. He just waved his hand up. Yes his reaction to the laugh OTT but not obscene gesture was used.
Ben Williams is the worst referee on the tour. Failed to give a free ball in the British open semi's.
I don't think it's the mistake he has the problem with it's the fact that he's laughing.
Referee trying to be a comidian and be the star of the show!! Backfired on him... Good on ya Jimmy...
Was expecting the ref showing Jimmy his SIS card placing Jimmy in a arm lock and escorting him off the premises
Time to retire jimmy if your blaming the ref, Ben Williams is a good ref and made a genuine error and tried to laugh it off
What i've seen is a frustrated old man who still hasn't got over the fact that he never was world champion. Get over it Jimmy, it's good that Luca showed you where your place in the snooker game is...
Someone (Nathan Drake ) on another video has pointed out Jimmy called the ref a dinlo, idiot foolish person, a fraction before the ref laughs. It's hard to hear but he did, that's what the ref laughed at, he thought Jimmy was joking.  Sad incident really, guess we should wait to hear what Jimmy has to say before getting too hot and bothered? Always a Jimmy fan.
The ref is being a complete ass here.
@ eurosport snooker. Who is Immy White and why did they get involved in an awkward spat with the referee?  He had enough on his hands with his awkward spat with Jimmy White as you can see in the video you posted.
The Ref messed up. Jimmy did well not to wrap the cue round his head. Jimmy's a gent, hate to see him bent out of shape. Great to see him out there though. Next time. G'wan Jimmy!
Why does eurosport pursue with joe Johnson as commentator. Truely awful
The ref is a bit happy go lucky. Needs to know when to laugh and when not to. Agree with Alan McManus that he should've just said "sorry, brown ball" and maintained professionalism". This wasn't a time to have a laugh and a joke. Jimmy is trying to focus on saving the match and didn't need someone to laugh out loud at their own mistake.
If Jimmy was 3 - 0 up there would not been a problem 👍
Love Jimmy, but he was a cock here!
Ref should have said: ‘Who said I was laughing at the ball incident, wig?’
If you listen carefully Jimmy actually calls him a dinlo which is like calling someone stupid or an idiot which the referee laughs at that comment then the rest happens a simple mistake by the referee Jimmy's reaction was unessary
Jimmy White should have his own Netflix show   we had enough serial killers   how about white .  the serial loser
"I'm funny how? I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh?"
Always been a big jimmy fan but the strop yesterday was unnecessary back to his old ways
Ref shouldn't be laughing, should be seen and not heard and bound to have put Jimmy off in an important match. Ref was lucky Jimmy didn't javelin throw his cue at him!
That ref is a cn_nut!!!!!
The referee acted inappropriately he should have been professional, Jimmy was right to have acted the way he did.
Jimmy white the bellend... No need not av a sense of humour...
Jimmy yer wig nearly fell off then calm down
Jimmy has turned into a bitter old man! Like a man’s who getting grouchy because he hasn’t had his fix of alcohol yet. That on top of getting beat by lesser known players. His money is also probably drying up and obviously earning very little by not winning tournaments. It’s all taking a toll unfortunately.
Jimmy White is first of all a simpleton and secondly a fool. The referee made a mistake, which can happen to anyone, and laughed at his mistake. He wasn't laughing at Jimmy. But that stupid man Jimmy can't understand that. If he was smart, he wouldn't push himself on the world tour anymore, since he doesn't belong there for a long time. The big thing for any player is to know when to retire.
Actually I'm on Jimmy Whites side here I've noticed that Ref laughs a lot at nothing reminds me of that joke of Vice President Kamela Harris who also makes a fool oh herself JW was 3 frames behind and under a lot of pressure to make a comeback last thing he needs is the Ref laughing at him
"No no I don't know. You said I'm funny. You said I'm funny. do I amuse you? Am I a clown? Tell me what's funny. Tell me what's fucking funny about me"  Jimmy shouldn't have got huffy but the ref didn't have to do the classic middle manager bullshit of dressing up his personal offence and embarrassment  as a breach of the rules.
As if he was going to play the blue
Put it into context, you’re getting battered 3-0 with no real hope of winning the next 4 frames, the ref makes a mistake then laughs about it quite unnecessarily, if you are struggling and someone is making light of a situation then you would obviously be irritated by it like Jimmy was.
Should have nutted the ref   Alex Higgins style 🤣🤣🤣
Who does the ref think he is threatening Jimmy, giggling like a teenager then seconds later acting like his boss! he needs to be disciplined or removed for talking to players like that, just keep picking balls out the pocket & shut ya mouth ball boy ...
Let ur self down there jimmy, time to pack it in if u feel like that
Ref made the wrong decision and stupidly laughed then got too involved when Jimmy was trying to be serious. Jimmy didn't give him the finger as such. The ref should have kept quiet due to his silly mistake earlier, but had to get involved again upsetting Jimmy's rytham.
funny how ? like I'm a clown I'm here to f***** amuse you ?
Explanation:   best of 7,    0-3  down!
Storm in a teacup. White was not playing well, he was venting some frustration. Who cares?.
Ref needs re training like rest of them.Bring back Len Ganley
Why in the world is he nominating a colour in the first place? What possible debate could there be over which ball he's gone for next whichever it were to be?
if jim was three nil up he would had seen funny side to....thats why i admired davis and hendry...iron temperments....
Jimmy showed himself up there,what's wrong with a smile and crack on. Those missed world championship opportunities still weigh heavy on him. That ref is a nice guy
Jimmy was 100% right here. The ref made a mistake and thought it was funny. Jimmy was correct in telling the ref. Ref should of apologised to Jimmy not laughed
I think Jimmy is a nice guy but was out of order here. He's frustrated being 3-0 behind and then gets annoyed when the ref calls (early) blue ball when (to him) he clearly will take the brown. Then (!) Ben Williams laughs which Jimmy takes personally. I agree the finger gester wasn't anything bad but the ref only has a second to see it and react!
The ref is at fault because he made a kindergarten era in refereeing and he should be warned by his superior's . Jimmy is under pressure , playing for big money, behind in the match and he doesn't need his concentration broken.. if the crowd had shouted out blue then laughed out loud the ref would have told them to leave
Crack is wack
Can't believe the amount of people sticking up for the ref, Jimmy is right he had no reason to be laughing like a little kid
Джимми что с тобой? Повёл себя как сучка
I think the only reason that the referee warned Jimmy is because he thought (incorrectly) that Jimmy had given him "the finger", rather than a simple gesticulation. Otherwise, it's a bit harsh for the referee to take that course of action. That being said, there was absolutely no need for Jimmy to be so hostile after what was an innocent mistake.
TBH at the stage Jimmy is at you have to really love snooker to keep playing particularly when you are a shadow of the player you once were.  If he is up 3-0 then he brushes that mistake off but he clearly has tried to take his bad play out on the ref instead of his opponent.  Time to call it a day Jimmy - never outstay your welcome in any sport.
Jimmy called him a ‘Dinlo’ and the referee did nothing wrong other than make a harmless mistake. Jimmy came across like a real prick
Did they shake hands at the end?
I love Jimmy but this was ridiculous. I think Jimmy is trying so hard to not let go of snooker cause he maybe fears what life would be like without it competitively and inside he knows his game really isn’t there anymore which is why he’s having these outbursts. I hope he apologises cause Ben Williams is one of the best guys in the game and Jimmy knows better. Still love you Jimmy ❤️
Sorry Jimmy but you are definitely in the wrong. You had a bad day in the office and picked an easy target in Ben who made a small mistake to vent your frustration. Maybe it's time to put the cue away and sit in the commentary box....
typical jimmy can’t control emotions. but also that ref can be an absolute clown at times.
I shall not side with the drug addict on this one.
A very poor show from Jimmy White.
No disrespect but wen u are losing u are pissed but could reacted better no use of getting angry on the ref
Who does the ref think he is tho actually. You’ll loose the frame. Like Jimmy white is assed abar that.
That’s Jimmy all over, he should of awarded the frame to brecel,  Always been like this when it’s not going his way. I’m surprised he didn’t get the rest out and throw it across the room lol  I don’t think he shown the ref the finger. But a massive over reaction  But that’s him all over lol
I don't really see the need to call a colour at all in this situation - it would be obvious once Jimmy got down to play the shot....!
2:54 Love the Eurosport Snooker outro by Ronnie, as usual! 😎
This referee always wants to be in the spot light, ducking prick!
Hmmm … Yes the referee made a mistake in the beginning (everyone is human) but absolutely should not have laughed it off. There is a time and a place for joking and laughing, and when players are deep in battle and under the cosh feeling the pressure and needing absolutely to maintain concentration it was nothing short of misplaced humour.  It’s easy therefore to see why JW picked up on BW laughing, but JW himself was at fault if he did indeed display a visible hand gesture.  All that said, BW was way too quick to respond with a warning given the context of the situation, and would have been better placed to simply have asked JW to continue to play.
I couldn’t help think of Joe Pesci’s character in Goodfellas where they are sat around the table 😂😂
Jimmy did nothing wrong. It's a professional match. He is 1 frame away from exiting. Why did the ref need to nominate any colour? And then laugh about it? While Jimmy is trying to concentrate.
There was no finger incident, Referee got it wrong.
Well played Jimmy.. He reacted coz this ain't the first time this ref gets to involved with the players and wants air time..
Don't even know why white is still playing , he's won nothing for years, just frustration coming out.
The best refs are those who can play to a pretty decent level themselves, such as Paul Collier, who's a century breaker and the late Colin Brinded. They'd have instinctively known that no player would have chosen to play the blue in that situation. That said, Jimmy was a bit wound up and likely realised afterwards that it isn't every referee who has a great deal of knowledge about shot selection and Ben Williams likely was laughing at himself here for his lack of nous, meaning no disrespect to Jimmy. Storm in a teacup stuff, really.
Really is an ass!!. seen him at exhibitions and he’s the same at them just a rude guy do the world a favour jimmy and retire all he will ever be remembered for is the guy that just wasn’t good enough
Why is White still embarrassing himself every tournament?
What an idiot jimmy is, Ben Williams always laughs and is one of the better referee's.  Because he's 3-0 down he acts like a twat. You should play better next time then jimmy boy.
He was a baw hair away from “ I’m here to amuse you” how the fuck am I funny
No need for jimmy to react like that it was just a mistake. No need at all. I hope he apologised afterwards
To be honest I never expected that from Jimmy,no need to react that like,simple mistake by the ref and we'll Jimmy's reaction was way over the top,no need at all.
Jimmy was drunk at the time
I think Jimmy lives with the tension that he’ll never be known for the player he could have been if he’d laid off the drugs and stayed focussed. A bit of his magic came back and the next second he’s acting like he owns the place and has a hissy fit over nothing. As if he hasn’t made incredible mistakes like most of us. Still my favourite player of all time.
First of all the Referee should’ve been laughing because he made a mistake and he’s there to just referee the game not be laughing like an idiot…  And then the referee decided to give Jimmy White a warning and he didn’t stick two fingers up at the referee if you watch the replay he put his first finger up in the air but it wasn’t the two fingers like the referee thought it was…  In my opinion The referee is to blame here.
Jimmy can be a c#£t as can we all. Don't miss blacks off spots to win the world title, that was funny... oh no wait !  We all make mistakes.
The ref shouldn’t be laughing unless the player is too - read the room. Unprofessional reffing there although I do like to see this ref normally he misjudged it there. jimmy was right - there was nothing funny about miscalling the colour, it’s not amusing, just a mistake that needs correcting and a small apology to the player
Old Jimmy back on the sniff
FFS Jimmy wind your neck in, or I'll take your hair off with a wall paper scraper!
I be like jimmy Im taking a point of you for being the biggest  knob that's in snooker  🎱
Black belt in some karate or some shit, dont fuck with the goat. Standing between him and the table lol
Jimmy is 100% correct here. Ref thought he would have a bang at the blue? Jimmy trying his nuts off out there.
the most exciting thing to happen in snooker history
Refs a chuckle bunny, and I know Jim’s 3 nil down in a bo7, but he knows what this refs like. Still these refs need a course in respecting match etiquette.
Jimmy needs to learn to keep his wig on!
Jimmy, just retire ffs hahaha
Jimmy needs an Intervention from somewhere to hang up his cue.Cmon McManus and Foulds do something 🤔
White pointed with his index finger, not his middle, and the referee needs to grow up.
😂😂😂😂
The whole aspect of respect in snooker has dropped so much over the last 20 years. You get childish refs like this pleb who can't even realise he fucked up and it causes the player extra ignorance to deal with.
Ref should have said "keep ya hair on pal"
Time you gave up Jimmy, your acting like a idiot, well handled Ben Williams.
. You think I’m funny ? Funny how ? Funny like a clown ? Do I amuse you ?
it happened get over it people,jimmy just had a bad day
Makes a nice change to see someone else on YouTube having an unnecessary shit fit, instead of Adrian Lewis 😂😂
The referee was probably laughing at that ridiculous wig Jimmy wears. It doesn't even fit.
Unbelievable to think what’s going on in the world. I watched it and more than surprised JW was so serious and also surprised at Alan Mc manus backing him. Come on guys it was a mistake by the ref and he just tried to make light heart of it
White in a tv competition and as usual gets pumped, is there really any point to him showing up these days?
Jimmy is getting older it happens it makes u grumpy
Jimmy I can never win white
Over the last few years White has shown an ugly side and would be better off retiring
Awww Jimmy hurt the refs fee fees 😪😭
this referee is a clown, the same ref that needed medical attention for a bee sting, what a loser, you can hear jimmy nominate the brown at 0:28 and thinks its funny when he say blue ball
Wiggie one bollock white needs to call it a day now it's getting beyond embarrassing
at 0:28 you can clearly hear jimmy nominate the brown ball, why did the ref say blue?
Jimmy the loser
Keep your hair on Jimmy
Referee is a cock here.
Oh the ref is popular so Jimmy is wrong. No, actually. The ref is basically there to get the balls out of the pockets and call out the scores - stuff like that. Let the talent entertain.
fuck Jimmy White. he should have nothing to do on the professional tour. what a clown
Jimmy can't work under these f*****g conditions.
Sad to see Jimmy behaving like this. Understandably he was 0-3 down and not in the mood for joking about, but thats just disgrace to the snooker game.
So as normal, when someone makes a mistake, and when they're pulled up on it, the way they recover is to stick their chest out when they are in a position of power !! (a bit like the police) What he should of done was immediately apologised NOT laugh !!
I love jimmy...but he was out if order here.
When you are not having a good game the last thing you need is a referee pissing himself laughing when you are trying to concentrate. I can see why he was annoyed
The referee is a disgrace. First he makes a rookie mistake. Then he laughs stupidly. And then he has the nerve to play the narcissistic liverwurst and accuse Jimmy of something he didn't do.
Don’t blame the referee jimmy was out of order
why's he even on the tour? He's only there to give easy passages to his opponents. He hasn't been one of the best 128 players in the world for about the last 10-15 years and now he's getting moody with the refs too.   Please may this be his last season on the tour
Jimmy White to much coke up he's nose knobhead
Anyway ... I like Ben Williams (I'm Happy when he's the ref at the table...) 👍 because he's always done his job righteously.  White... ok... he's a good player but in this case a bit too opinionated ! IMHO
A referee should not laugh at making a mistake like that. Jimmy was correct in making this known to the referee; but he was a touch aggressive in making the point twice and his hand gesture was dismissive...he was rightfully warned. IMHO..  I'm sure they'll have a friendly apologetic chat about it..
Ref's thesedays are clowns. No Ref's would joke in the 80's 90's etc
Jimmys a bum for This
I’d be mad if the ref was laughing at me at 3-0 down. Bad ref
There's a time and a place... When your 3 nil down and it looking like curtains is neither the time or place for banter. Jimmy wasn't playing well, he was under the cosh and the ref should have seen that. He did overreact and I get that but to finish it off by the ref acussing him of giving him the birdie is ridiculous.... The refs pissed and went on a power trip, when all he had to do was say to him sorry Jimmy I misheard you, correct himself and carry on. A good ref in any sport will read the game which he definitely didn't do.
Jimmy should have chinned him
Reminds me of Joe Pesci in Goodfellas. Jimmy should've whacked him.😀
Jimmy's wig moved & ref laughed,Jimmy should've asked the ref to re-spot his wig 🤣🤣
Jimmy reacting like that because these days he can barely win a frame of snooker nevermind a match and was on his way to yet another whitewash.
whats funny is jimmy,s gorilla wig
The referee's a good guy, and well-liked among the top pros. Jimmy's reaction is too aggressive, but the ref should not be laughing at his own mistake at this point in the match, given Jimmy is 3-0 down.
Jimmy White, great player in his time sure, but overall he just acts entitled to the game. Points fingers, gets angry, throws rest on the floor etc. And also, his commentary is not that good either. Much rather Alan McManus. Jimmy just belches the general stuff "Started off well and kept it up" "Started off poorly but managed to turn it around". The only time he gives more insight is to shower his friend Ronnie O'Sullivan with praise.
Overreacted at bit, ok. But apologize? Are you guys serious? Apologize for what? That was aggressive? You all should get your eyes and ears tested. End of story.
The reason he laughed is because jimmy called him a dinlo
Jimmy did fuck all wrong,he's the best sportsman of any person
Tricky one but I think the ref does not help himself by giggling after he calls the wrong ball, it's not very professional. Jim is obviously under the cosh here, the last thing he needs it's the ref not doing his job properly then giggling.
Met him once. He’s really not as nice as people think!!
he needs to retire tbh.
Second time Ive seen Jimmy kick off,,remember the Worlds v Stevens
Maybe laughing was unprofessional in a tense situation but Jimmy went too far
it wasn't funny at all though. So the question is: is it more "unprofessional" to ask what was funny, or laughing at one's own mistake instead of apologizing?
Jimmy can't work under these fucking conditions.
Jimmy must be low on coke again.
Don't change Ben. Definitely one of the best referees in the game. Jimmy, I hope you were having a bad day, because I would hate to think you are like that every day. You owe Ben an apology and maybe you need to work on your personality. It's amazing some players have no respect for the referees, Ronnie is the same. If it wasn't for them, you would not have a game to play. Just remember that. It's not cool to act like a prick.
Refs had a mare there, he’d no right to laugh at a player, jimmy can do what he likes with his finger, it wasn’t offensive, apologise Williams you twat.
The referee was suffering from delusions of grandeur refs today see themselves as more important than the players
jimmy angry cos he's utter dogshit. really poor from a legend
It’s easy to see that Jimmy is a bit over sensitive here, although that in itself is perhaps understandable also, but the warning from the ref is just not called for and it actually seems a little petty if anything and little more than a power play. Definitely should have been handled better by Williams.
Ref being funny Jimmy no room for joks when your loosing ref funny when Jimmy mist brown ref being funny 1for Jimmy smack in ear puts that right😁👊
Nothing new with Jimmy losing it  , he's been losing tourneys for years  ,  just doesn't have the bottle apart from when he's drinking out of one  , hang up the cue son     .......
Always sad when a referee thinks he's bigger than the game, in ANY sport.
Jimmy, you were out of order there mate and you let yourself down. That ref is one of the nicest on the circuit and you had to be a dick about it. Anybody can make a mistake and by you acting way to serious, you left yourself with egg on your face. This is truly embarrassing and I feel sorry for that ref a lovely gentleman. Jimmy, it's time to put away your cue mate or go play with the seniors.
I wanna know how YOU behave if ref makes his jokes in the middle of the frame ... its definitely inappropriate.
I love Jimmy to bits but the ref just laughed at his own mistake ...sorry Jimmy but you need to apologise
I think the comments Ronnie and Alan made were fair, Jimmy got annoyed with the referee in the heat of battle, which is understandable as he was with his back against the wall not playing well, there was no need for the ref to nominate a colour here. Of course Jimmy shouldn't get that frustrated but it happens to the best, all those people pretending they wouldn't get annoyed sometimes are just liars.
Yeah I'm with the ref Jimmy is just being a miserable old fart haha
Come on man, it was an honest mistake, he corrected it and light fun of his own embarrassment. No need to get all grouchy on it, just move on. Jimmy's getting real grumpy these days, maybe the grumpy old person syndrome is kicking in big time now
These referees are a joke, they really are.  The comments here are sad to read.
'Sir' jimmy is a grump
Disgraceful behavior from White.Can’t take it now he’s finished
I’ve watched the finger part in slow motion... he didn’t stick his middle finger up it was his pointing finger 👍🏻 ref was a bit disgruntled after getting called out on the laughing part. Saying that tho I think he’s 1 of my favourite refs
Jimmy deserved to win at least 2 World titles when he was younger but admitted he was  on drugs in the mid to late 80s and it cost him World Titles
That's the first time I've ever seen Jimmy annoyed
Ben Williams is probably the funniest, most chilled referee out there. Always has a smile on his face. Love Jimmy but there was no need to have a bitch fit.
Yes the same referee has laughed before in similar situations but Jimmy is more bad tempered these days
Jimmy just retire now you get hammered time after time it's embarrassing to watch
It was an honest mistake and that was funny...
love Jimmy, but acting like a fool. Well done ref.
Terrible behaviour from the ref
Jimmy has become old and grumpy 🤣... but year's ago he wouldn't of been like that because he wasn't serious enough then...hence him underachieving.. however still an absolute legend and a joy to watch always.
Jimmy the syrup turning into a cantankerous old bark in his older years, lighten up Jim!
