I find it fucking hilarous i learned the gold story  2 seprate times in grade 2 or so (atleast b2 grade 3) but no dynosis mentioned once it was genie and other was dream thing
Hi Red!  Or should I say, GOLD!
I remember in the Heroes of Olympus, the modernized version of Midas sold golden chandeliers or something, but the funny part was that the "jump into the river" thing was interpreted as "If Midas turns something into gold, it will turn back if it touches running water" which while not accurate is hilarious.
Fun fact: My friend recently introduced me to a friend of his who only knew the first half of Midas' story and invented an ending where he turns into a golden dragon. I told him the real ending of the story and he said that just makes him kinder to Midas than Ovid was.
If Midas were to touch gold, would it turn into platinum?   Also, he was a kind, couldn't his servants feed and and find someone to make flexible golden gloves?
The way he "lost" his touch makes me imagine it wasn't really a gift but more a gold grease that really stuck to his hand and would eventually wear off the more he used it.
It’s a good thing Midas wasn’t turned into a full on donkey like Pinocchio.
My favorite is Midas in the last frame
Ok, quick question. I was tought one myth in particular and wanted to ask about it. A satyr(don't remember the name but not Pan), boasted how he was better than Apollo, and after losing, he was either skined alive, or had his skin turned outside, like, the deep part of skin sudenly fliped with the outer part, whatever that was was painfull. Was i tought the wrong myth or was there more than one half goat challenging Apollo to the music off? Edit: I checked his name it was Marsyas. But the question still stands, if they just remade the Midas story or was there more cases of Apollo vs Satyr music battle
0:19 this is so me
Cause because of Rachel‘s extra juicy kiss to her boyfriend, this video will be banned for her kiss offense for eight months that extra juicy kiss offense of 100 trillion million kisses level it’s banned for two months sorry for my watchlist
Ey, couldn't Midas just have, like, someone, you know, feeding him?
Pan: "No no, he has a point."
Damn Midas was the only one to support Pan’s claim and he didn’t even help him with the donkey ears.
That's actually kind of disappointing to hear that turning his daughter into gold wasn't originally part of the story because it fits thematically so well. Also, I guess this is my ADHD brain not paying attention, but for the longest time I heard that story and missed the part where he got to reverse the curse, so I thought that he had essentially killed his daughter by turning her permanently into gold.
And this is why barbers are some of the most trusted people on earth.
1:39 DOES ANYONE KNOW THE SOURCE OF THIS IMAGE im pretty sure it was in a book i read when i was little that i've been looking for
1:33: Well, it ain't listed with iron, copper, and zinc!  1:39: What video was it again?  Shocking how that ever familiar tragic end of his daughter seems to be a more recent adaptation expansion thing. More shocking on how the infamous "Midas touch" was just a minor annoyance and that the real curse was some aftermath event involving different god issues and donkey ears... what. A. World.
Imagine going for a hike and every few minutes you hear “Dave thinks I hate a crush on his girlfriend but I actually visit so often to see him!” and “I’m the one who farted and caused that fire… those 31 people died because I just had to eat 5 McDonalds hash browns for breakfast!” and then a little later you’re taking a picture of a cool bird and you hear “I’m only dating Sara for her cat… she sucks so bad but I love Mr Muffin. I’ve considered stealing him or faking his death so I can dump her!”   Just all of these plants whispering bizarre secrets while you try to enjoy your afternoon… lol
2:36 “Whipper snappers🤣”
Eating is simple food on plate eyes look down food spotted pass smash on plate🙂
RED SINGING BARNS COURTNEY MY LIFE IS COMPLETE. I do seriously love his music, saw him in July! It was awesome!
Rather nice cover of Glitter and Gold at the end
The first time I heard about the detail that Midas accidentally turned his daughter into gold,i thought to myself "When it was established he had a daughter?".It felt so random to me, like,where did that come?What does it have to do with anything?
Can I just say the songs at the end are my favorite part of these videos
In Utah, we have a school called Midas Creek named after the "creek" that he had jumped in, or at least, that's what we've been told. It was a fun story if they hadn't done it every year for every grade.
I made up a saying that "Not all the wealth can't fix from being you a fool".💵💵💵💵🚫🚫🚫🚫🧠🧠🧠🧠
Midas from fortnite
I remember reading that the weeds from the hole-talk were actually a patch of pan grass, and the reason it kept telling his secret is because Pan was being a little sh*t and thought it would be funny.😂
Some variations of the tale: victim is either his daughter or son.
What would happen if he touched the ground?
Honestly love the idea of Apollo and Pan just having a music battle. It didn’t even seem that petty (in this version) which makes me feel like it was more of a fun challenge between friends, which is a fun concept! :)
I often watch this video just to see the excellent chill expressions on Silenus’s face, always lifts my mood 👍
In Tajikistan (An ex-Soviet and Persian country) There is a Story of Alexander the Great similar to King Midas with donkey ears. (This might be an oral story, I don't know. you can fact-check me, I'm not an expert.) Every time his barber would cut his hair, he would kill them the next morning, until this one barber, who saw that he had horns begged him to let him live and he wouldn't tell the secret. Alexander Hesitaintly lets him live, but if the secret gets out, then he will be beheaded. So he keeps the secret for a while, but one day he can't keep it to himself, so he yells "ALEXANDER HAS HORNS!" Into a well and leaves. But a Sheperd boy picks the reeds nearby and starts playing it. (If you fold it right you can sort of turn it into a flute. It's pretty fun.)  But it starts playing "Alexander has horns" The women start singing it throughout the city. Alexander hears of this and beheads the barber.
Y'know, the Midas Touch curse could've been fixed if he specified that anything he touched turned to gold if he *said* it would. Just touch said object and say it so or speak a key word, and boom, it's gold 'cause he said so. Think of it as a verbal safety switch, no accidental gold food (or family members).   Of course though, Midas was too dumb to think that far ahead.
He should have just had someone feed him
I love that you had Pan call Apollo a whippersnapper.
K-kiss o-o-of...Life..?
Reeds that can't keep a secret. Oof
Its the guy from Fortnite😏 (no im not kidding, Fortnite Midas was confirmed to be mythical Midas in ch 5 season 2.)
if only he had wished for monkey hands...
fun fact silenus is a horse man
So Midas is not only where the everything i touch (including people) story is from but also the "The king as donkeys ears" story?!
2:38 I read “drama queen” and suddenly really want to see Apollo done up in drag
I like the Muppets version of the story, where Kermit plays a humble Midas, and his queen, played by Miss Piggy, is the greedy one.   Midas eventually touches his own face in horror, and his queen has to beg the satyr to undo the damage, realizing that she loves her king more than gold.   It’s a fun twist that fits the muppet characters well.
honestly i think this version of midas is much more compelling than the commonly told "evil king full of greed" version, because this version shows that even genuinely good people can end up being their own downfall.
Something that maked me dissapointed in myself is that the first time I heard the story of Midas I was in like 4th grade so my brain couldn't really process stuff, and it was in class that my teacher told my class to find fairy tales and then give them a twist, I paired up with a girl in my class that I couldn't remember the name of and we picked the story of king Midas cuz it sounded cool (btw at this age my brain was smooth so I just couldn't process that Greece was a thing so I just assumed that it was taking place in a mythical version of my town) and then my partner and I tryed to find a story on our chromebooks cuz the story we picked didn't have a paper version printed out for whatever reason and we clicked the first website we saw and now I realize what we read was a HEAVILY christianised version of the story (like non of the gods were mentioned at all y im pretty sure an angel gave him the touch) but my baby brain was small so I didn't do any extra research on if the story was legit or not and we started writing it our own way, I don't exactly remember how we switched the story but we made the daughter (who was in the version we read) (we also named her sarah) a brat who was working with a maid to steal gold from a golden chamber underground that midas owned though we also made the daughter get turned to gold and at the end im pretty sure we just made midas depressed y he was like crying and stuff but his tears would either turned to gold before it left his eyes or pellets of gold would fall to the ground y then we made him not able to leave bed y stuff cuz of starvation, but then in the end we couldn't decide how to end it so we just made him touch himself and die lol (sorry for the very bad grammer and story telling I am but a mere child) the way the my partner and I worked together was I would just come up with the story on spot and then narrorate the story out loud then she would type it down and change the wording sometimes. We got the best score on the project but then told by the teacher that the way we did was not how we were supposed to do the project but it was ok because the story was dramatic y stuff. :o)  [OK I just read over what I wrote and, QUE???    I DID NOT THINK THAT MY GRAMMAR COULD GET AS HORRIBLE AS IT IS, I COULD NOT READ THIS OVER WITHOUT DYING A LITTLE INSIDE, LIKE HUHHHH??????, I am sad and very dissapointed in myself D:  ]
Pretty sure the Hawthorne version was influenced by the story of Jephthah's daughter in Judges. Jephthah makes a vow to God that when he gets home, he'll sacrifice the first thing he sees as a burnt offering, but then his daughter walks out to meet him. Jephthah's like "You literally know everything, so you know this isn't what I meant", and God's like "hey, you promised the very first thing you see" so Jephthah sacrifices her.
About the other popular telling of the midas touch, remember that as long as a story is told it is still alive. Meaning that any telling of it is equally valid.
3:40 just found out red listens to Barns Courtney
The wealthiest man in the world condemned to starve to death. Quite ironic, isn't it?
apollo jojo reference
I like how bro could have just done nothing but *really* felt like Pan's music was just better that he had to stand up to this injustice, what a king.
Rewatching most of these, and hearing the Midas myth with his daughter made me remember how when we were going over the myth in English, my teacher had the GALL the insinuate that the God who gifted Midas his gold touch was somehow Christian God/Jesus (I can’t remember cause it was awhile ago) and I felt so offended that I refused to read the rest of the story and ignored it
3:01 Isn’t this what happened with Kanye and Taylor in the VMA’s 2009 😭
That's a really good work !
Funnily enough, the donkey ears story has an equivalent from Ireland. The two big differences are that either the king or his pregnant mother offended a fae, who cursed ghe king to have donkey ears, and that the barber whispered his secret to an oak tree, which was cut down and had a branch turned into a harp that played the message "the king has the ears of a donkey" instead of music.
The bit about burying a secret must’ve been inspiring to some author, because I remember reading a book called… Foo? I can’t remember.   Anyway, someone has a super important secret, and it’s so important it actually digs itself up somehow after being buried.
Greek person here. On a fun note, based on the river's name ans story if you say that you have a pactolos of something it means you have an abundance of that thing in Greek.
To be honest, Midas could’ve just asked for the power to be controlled.   “I wish for everything I WANT to turn into gold”
I have a foolproof desire in case of genies
Midas might be the only guy in greek mythology that isn't completely evil. He's a pretty good guy. Just didn't think things through
This guy really had a thing for satyrs eh
We stan King Himbo
If I remember correctly, Midas ends up forgiving the barber, once he's learned what he did. And so Apollo "forgave him" by turning his ears normal. Atleast that was tacked on to one of the version I read.
Im unsure about much of this story from when i read it, but did midas ever figure out the barber made the plant accidentally?
Don't you mean the GUy fROm fOrtNIte?
I love the end bit where Midas tell someone to go cut the reeds. Ironically, that person turns the reeds into Pan Pipes and gives them to a group musicians playing at the palace. Now when the musician plays the pipes, the only sound that comes out is the secret.... In front of the entire party
I love the art style
It's fascinating how in the original version,or so we could call it,Midas goes through immediate consequences by realizing he can't eat rather than oh boy turned my daughter into a statue,he's free from that,and shortly after he's punished again for being unable to keep his mouth shut And even then the man got pretty light consequences,like I suppose the punishment itself is the stress of not letting anyone find out to then have literal plants spill the beans for anyone who passes near (that's how rumors are born kids) but it could've been worse... I suppose Apollo is rather chill
Midas got off lightly bc the gods think hes hilarious. hes like their personal lil jester
1:39: That explains why Walt Disney didn’t include that character into his telling of the story (called “the Golden Touch”, BTW), food was enough to make the King want the curse gone. Still, can you imagine if Marigold was included into the Disney story as an audience surrogate?
horrible idea: Midas but everything he touches turns into tungsten
Having this power but with shigaraki treatment (aka only works if the whole hand touches the thing) makes it rather manageable and super cool
you know at least this guy recognised where this was going before it became a serious problem
It interests me that the two Gods that Midas is closest to, Dionysus and Pan, have something rather specific in common: madness.
I still enjoy the ending whereafter he begs for forgiveness. The curse of the touch of gold is removed. But he must forever live with the ears of a donkey. To ever remember that he was a jackass For listening to stupid ideas Like an adviser that told him in that particular story that he should ask for the golden touch. There are multiple iterations of the Tale of the golden touch. But that one is my favorite.  also in it, midas's daughter does not get turned to gold, but she does go directly To the wine god himself and tries to plead her father's case. To which he says with as much kindness as he Can.  that until her father makes the choice Too willingly give up the gift. His hands are tied. But he does offer her some advice. That if another person feeds him but does not touch him, the food will work and not change. Of course this only  Is a stop gap. So eventually he does come crying Begging for the curse to be removed. And our favourite boy undoes the curse. Only because he liked the fact that Midas daughter was a better ruler Then he was as a king. She was willing to come and ask for help he never was Until he was at his breaking point. And so as a small punishment for being such a donkey and listening to such stupid advice from his advisers. The curse was removed but he would live forever with the ears of a donkey. So he would always be able to hear every stupid idea and know that it was stupid.
When the god of drugs and alcohol says that something isn't going to end well, LISTEN. This guy probably knows significantly more about "it seemed like a good idea at the time" than you.
all this started because midas was just being a hospitable chum
I'm just confused how is clothes are moving gold and no a shiny prison
Bro every midas’s possessions fr said: *”touch me, midas, make me part of your design”* 💀
Apollo used vicious mockery
"I may be shaky at best when it comes to taxes and annual car maintenance, but you can be sure I know what I'm not gonna' wish for in the event of a surprise genie or a divine boon" is such a mood. 😂
man that's just like the rumor weed from veggietales
wow. midas had an usually *very* happy life story considering how many gods he interacted with
OMG YOU COVERED BARNES COURTNEY?!??
Wish he'd make me part of his design
I think it's so funny how Midas wasn't evil, just stupid.
Okay. Listen closely to the music playing in the background when she talks about Apollo being the literal god of music. Is that "Total Eclipse of the Heart"?
I am but a humble animator, but I know SOME basic economics. King Midas’ golden touch is a threat to the value of gold. This is the same idea comes with the millers daughter in Rumplestiltskin: use the to create a buttload of gold, then kill them so the gold doesn’t lose its value
Thanks for clearing that up, Red. I grew up on the version where Midas turns his daughter to gold, but... did he even HAVE any kids? Seriously, I think that the original is better, especially when he ends up humiliated because the secret eventually leaks out, which shows the moral of "You can't hide your shame forever." ;)
Midas: Your music is good, but I prefer Pan's. Apollo: How dare you?
Maybe I watched too much Book of Virtue as a kid, but I like the version with the daughter. It teaches that your actions can have consequences for your loved ones as well.
2:35 pan: * plays one note like he's the antagonist in an early 3d zelda game * HA! take that apollo im way better then you! apollo getting interrupted with his lyre recitals that i like to think he helps hermes with: OOH ITS ON BRO!
I had to do extensive research on Dionysus for a class once (sparked by the video covering Dionysus) and I came across a version of the donkey ears story where Dionysus actually was the one to transform Midas's ears after he disrespected one of Dionysus's attendants
Jeez, all Midas needed to do was add an apendix that only non-organic matter should turn into gold by his touch.
The version of the ass’ ears story I read in Atticus The Storyteller ended with King Midas putting on a really tall lawn-gnome-looking hat and accidentally triggers a fashion trend among his subjects.
Guess you could say Midas made an ass of himself.
Artemis:so thats what happened?  Dionysus:yyyyep.  Artemis:...im honestly surprised you were that nice.  Dionysus:i mean,i thought itd be funny,sides i did owe sooo  Artemis:thats fair. So,helping zagreus this week,10 drachma on who he finds 1st?  Dionysus:...really?  Artemis:if im gonna put up with zeus,im having fun doing it.  Dionysus:...deal. want me to go see ares and get him on this?  Artemis:only if you go talk to him.  Dionysus:i...well played. Fine.
Did Dionysus look like a flower guy. The remains of a Dionysus temple are located on vasileos pavlou street (Kos, Greece).
I don't know why, but your final drawing of Midas with his giant turban and wide eyes at seeing the reeds made me crack up and the more I look at it the more I laugh
Fun fact: King Midas also tied the Gordian Knot!
All he had to say, was anything I touch that I want to turn to gold, will turn to gold.
I like tae think he made It's to the Elysium fields, right after Hades had Midas tell Dread Persephone his story.   I picture the Lord and Lady of the Underworld snorting with laughter and Hades thanking Midas for being a good sport.
He came from Phrygia. His super-power was called the Midas touch. Actor Alex Zahara played Midas in the Once Upon a Time tv-series. Goldfinger is a pop song by Ash.
considering that Pan and Dionysus were kinda the same god at one point, Midas prefering Pan's song starts to make more sense
You know glitter by barns Cassady?
One hand can turn stuff to gold, the other can turn it back if need be; boom problem solved
Sooo when you gonna do a full cover of glitter and gold? That sounded amazing.
“Hears” a stretch, what if the aesir are called that due to the plant hurling “ass ear??”
A smarter move for Midas would have been to ask for a pair of magic gloves that would make anything the wearer touches turn to gold. Then he could keep them locked in a golden box when not in use, and we could get a neat story about someone stealing them and getting fucked over about it.
For midas that was also the origin of the expression "sprouting lies"
All Midas had to do was phrase it differently. "I wish for the power to turn things to gold with a touch". Since Dionysus liked him he probably wouldn't have twisted it to be harmful, it was only because Midas specifically said everything. That said, Dionysus was kinda a d*ck for not going "dude, maybe you want the power to have an off switch so you don't starve or kill your kids?"
I remember the Muppets variation with Gonzo, Kermit and Piggy. It was funny.
Honestly Midas seemed like a cool guy to hang with really the only bad thing about him is that he’s really dumb doesn’t think before he acts.
Scarlet letter dude made the story of the daughter turning to gold?????
I am stunned to discover the golden daughter was not part of the original myth.
That grass at the end would be a hilarious SCP.
thx so much you made my English homework so fun and easy
This better help me for my ss project
We need more Mydas myths. Let's make Mydas the Mr Bean of modern myths.
"He's got the Midas touch... But he touched too much... Hey, Goldmember... Hey, Goldmember.... He's got a golden pad, he's super bad... Hey, Goldmember... Hey, Goldmember"
It's weird how midas could've just worn gold gloves to avoid touching anything he didn't want to
If King Midas was smarter then he would ask Dionysus to give him the gold touch but can't touch living organisms
actually, midas seemed pretty cool, he made a dumb wish but I think that's just poor planning, and all he did was say pan's music was better in his opinion. the worst thing he did was be dumb and have an opinion. and he treats his guests well, better than most greek kings, actually, better than most greek gods.
There's an Irish legend similar to this. However, in the Irish legend, the king in question can't turn things into gold, but he does have donkeys ears. His barber becomes sick because he really wants to tell his family about the Kings ears, but if he does then the king will kill him and his entire family. So, he decides to whisper the secret to a nearby willow tree. Then, a musician comes through and decides that specific willow tree would be the perfect tree to make a lyre out of to perform at the kings banquet. He makes the lyre, and when he goes to the banquet, the lyre starts singing that the king has donkey ears, and then everyone laughs at the king and they live happily ever after the end. I may have remembered some things wrong, because I heard it when I was a kid, so don't come after me.
If he really wanted the golden touch, he could have rephrased it like, 'At noon on Monday for one  hour for every week the rest of my life, I want anything I touch to turn to gold.' That way he could have fun to look forward to every week without running the risk of starvation and have a steady time when everyone knows not to accidentally touch him.
OK, so having a competition of who can play the best music and not expecting the literal god of music to win, come on. Same thing with the goddess’s Apple competition and Aphrodite.
In the story I heard about that king dude was that a genie gave him the power thing
It's nice of Dyonisus to let the river be filled with gold after washing off the curse.  Midas got to learn a valuable lesson AND still get fabulously wealthy.
Something fun, I recently got a Russian blue cat with yellow eyes. Because of the yellow eyes, we thought “Hey yellow = gold so let’s name her Zoë after King Midas’ daughter”
I recall hearing the myth of midas as beginning and ending with his curse of gold - his daughter being turned to gold being something that makes him grieve and touch his own face and thus turning himself to gold as well. To be fair, these were plays for elementary school kids, and I'm sure "Midas's ears turned into a Donkey's ears after he weighed in on a competition he didn't have a part of" would have been much harder to explain. Especially the reeds hahaha.
Glitter and Gold fits the end 👍
kinda cool in a backwards way that it was a competition between pan and apollo, when you remeber that hermes (pans father and/or religious descendant) gifted him the lyre that apollo used to win
Satyrs advocate... I See what you did there
Salenis looks so pleased in King mitas palace
i remember this story in my childhood, the only thing different about this is the fact that instead of dionysus it was a fairy and bc of that im imagining dionysus in a fairy outfit
Alexander the Overachiever had a similar myth to the whole donkey ears thing. Supposedly, he had devil's horns. His barber whispered the secret into a well, and (you guessed it) reeds grew to whisper the secret to passersby.
As the acquisition of Twitter by Elon Musk has gone to prove, the story of King Midas is, in fact, applicable to real life.
Y’know, Midas seemed to have an affinity for satyrs.
The Waffle house has found its new host
Didn't Apollo skin the dude who challenged him alive?
You know all things considered Midas got off pretty easy with that whole insulting a God to their face thing
Couldn't he just get someone to feed him
OOOOOH SO THATS THE MIDA'S HAND IN ALADIN 2
Midas is just some dude who is really pro Satyr
I remember an indian story similar to that ending. A king with a horn would always cover his head, except when he went to the barber. There's two versions from there, in both, the barber can't hold the secret and tells it to a field. In one version, a goat hears it, and is evantually skinned to make a drum for the king's court, and as the player plays the drum, the king hears the drum say that he has a horn, so he kills the barber. In the other version, the plants hear it, and they  get made into a flute for the king's court, and when they are played, it says the king has a horn, and the barber is killed.
2:36 Apollo: Oh? You're challenging me? Instead of putting your pipes away, you're willing to face me?
When I was a kid, I had a VHS tape called “Muppet Classic Theater,” which had a number of stories being performed by the Muppets (and all the shenanigans that entails). These included ‘The Elves the Shoe Maker’ (with three copies of Elvis Presley), ‘The Emperor’s New Clothes’ (with Fozzie Bear as the Emperor), and ‘King Midas’ (With Kermit as Midas, Miss Piggy as his queen, and Gonzo as the satyr).  The key differences between that version and the original are that the satyr is the one who grants Midas the golden touch, the Queen is the one who makes him choose the golden touch, and Midas accidentally turns HIMSELF to gold, so the queen has to renounce the wish.
I always thought Midas stood for *Marcyas* against Apollo in their music contest (which Apollo won on the second round with a sly trick). But maybe Marcyas' story is just reminiscent of the older Pan-Apollo music contest.
The idea that dubstep comes from Pan’s pan flute is something I truly love
There is a slight different version of Midas'  tale in the South Slavic tradition,as a fairy tale.  The only meaningful difference is that King Mudas is replaced by an "Emperor Trojan"(no relation to Emperor Trajan) and that instead of reeds,it's a regular tree and all blown instruments made from it can only say "Emperor Trojan has donkey ears"
My question is why didn't Midas have his servants feed him?  All kings have those, right?
YOOOOOOO GLITTER AND GOOOOLD
I love the way Selenis (I hope I spelled that right) is drawn in this vid, he looks like a happy cat
I like that your idea of a rustic melody is Work Bitch
"Which is coincidentally where the wilderness God Pan likes to hang out with his pan posse, pan is coincidentally playing on his pan pipes" this was oddly funny to me
I'm actually kind of shocked to hear that Ovid was the one who wrote these down. Usually his myths have the bods being huge jerks, but both Dionysus and Apollo were pretty nice all things considered.
Of fucking COURSE it was Hawthorne that wrote the turning his daughter to gold thing. At least he has something better than The Scarlet Letter to claim as his own
glitter and gold. I love that song.
I've heard an alternate version of this story; A travelling musician bound to perform in Mida's court that day, fashions one of the whispering reeds into a pan pipe, having forgotten his own. when it comes time to play before Midas, and his Entire royal court guess what sound it makes!
dude got donkey ears for pulling a "🤓"
Dumuzi
Pan
I had no idea King Midas was a Greek myth. The version I read was bundled up in a big book of Fairy Tales, and in the version I read, it was a fairy enchantress who gives Midas his power as a reward for his kindness, kinda like a reverse beauty and the Beast.
God I want chill sater dad on a shirt saying he’s not sorry and looking very comfy
The reed thing made me laugh so hard I also started coughing and had a solid 30 second laughing/coughing fit.
I mean he didn't die horrifically or get anyone killed canonically so he made off better than most with just some funny ears
Oh god that barber is so f*ing relatable  Like, imagine knowing something like that, but not wanting to share it. But you still _know!_
I know I heard a version of the hairdresser-whispers-donkey-ears-secret-to-the-plants story in a book of Irish folklore? Either the story drifted over there or it's not really Irish or that's one hell of a coincidence.
King midas true cursed is stupidity
I just realized this, Midas is JERRY!?
“how did you read ovid’s metamorphoses so quickly”
2:47 Yes, Britney Spears, Rustic :D  It makes me laugh that I physically stopped the video and had like a ten minute gap of frantic YouTube searching before I actually figured out what that background music was from, cause I remembered it from another video entirely. Then I listened to it *on loop* for a solid ten minutes.
There are some weird voices in the background at around 1:30.  So before I knew any greek mythos, I heard a story similar to the second one. The difference is that the name of the king is Lávra, the barber is Kukulín (Cu Chullain?), and he whispers the secret into a willow, that gets turned into a bass.
I said it before on my other account and I'll say it again here: Happy Silenus is the cutest and best part of this video and possibly all OSP videos. FIGHT ME.
Dionysus: thanks for taking care of my guy! Name your reward Midas: anything i touch turns to gold Dionysus: my blood is %110 wine, and even i know.... that's a bad idea
if a greek god, literally any of them, ask if you're certain about something, stop and reassess.
Couldn't Midas have just worn gloves like Elsa? That way he can still keep his dope curse or whatever of things to gold.
I always heard that in the Ass ears myth, it was just another Satyr and he challenged Apollo. In exchange, Apollo would have the Satyr's pelt.  But in this version, their competitions seem to be a daily kinda thing for Apollo, Pan being Pan again. So it's kinda cruel yet also an inside joke
I said it before and I'll say it again, you have a great singing voice <3
Should wish for a magic chamber pot, that turns your poop to gold, the only downside is less fertilizer for your roses.
And Pan decided not to do anything for his apparent fan? Geez dude.
OMG NOW I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE “KING MIDAS HAS DONKEY EARS” THING IN TOUCH DETECTIVE
Nathaniel Hawthorne makes a lot of stuff up in his literature. Like most people, he completely misunderstands the Puritans he despises and blames them for things they don't deserve to be blamed.
I'm amazed the story of Midas didn't lead to the invention of the fork rather than a river filled with gold, but whateves.
All things considered, the fact that the gods in this myth aren't jerks, most things are resolved peacefully and amicably and Midas' mishaps are mostly comic relief, with the worst one reversed to everyone's benefit, make it one of the most wholesome so far.
The lake in the myth is in Turkey (my country) and it is still filled with gold
Beautiful voice
Fun fact: to this day the name of the river Pactolos means "a crap ton of money" in Greek
I always figured Midas could have had the riches he wanted if only he worded his wish more carefully (which was my personal takeaway from the story when I was little). Just make the wish be that anything I touch turns to gold if I say the words "let it be gold" at the exact same time I am touching the thing. Then you can control the gift. Problem solved.
Anyone gonna mention how wholesome it is that Dionysus not only remembers and cares for all of his followers but also cares for them enough to search and reward the people who looked after them
dionySUS kill me
Isn't it Marsyas not pan?
Reds sing at the end of these is always a nice bonus.
No way I was listening to glitter and gold right before this
really cool of dionyus to not include air or midas's own body in that everything
He's also known for being in a god of war game for about 5 minutes
I like the idea that pan was perfectly ok with Apollo beating him and agreed that he lost
He ain’t a bad king he just stupid- 💀💀💀
So really Midas only real flaw is that he's biased towards satyrs and maybe not that bright?
You'd think Midas could have just wished for something like 'everything I touch with my left pinky turns to gold' and both had his cake and eaten it.  Pun intended
I do find it odd that you treat Ovid as a valid source on Greek myth, but not Nathaniel Hawthorne's 1851 retelling. Neither are ancient Greeks.
I think another good ending song for this video would be " Silver and Gold" by Burl Ives. 😊
Is it just me or was i the only one to hear the last legend accounted to nero for having horns only his barber knew about? my parents were christian so i can see how they could have changed it
He could have avoided this whole problem if he just said “I *CAN* turn anything I touch into gold.”
🍇🤴
Did red say zorps
Damn, that second half sure is something. Something I had no idea existed
Theres a variation of the silenus story where midas outright hunts for silenus and when silenus is caught, midas asks him how to live the life finest among men. Silenus says "kill urself" then leaves. Source: The Birth of Tragedy.
I Feel Like I've Hear This Story
I recently read the first book in Rick Riordan's Heroes of Olympus series, where Midas appears. Honestly, of all the mythical figures Riordan's included in his stories, he might have taken more creative liberty with Midas than anyone else. For one, Midas never actually gave up the golden touch. Running water could reverse the effect, but Midas himself happily kept the power knowing there was a way to reverse it. For two, he was much more of an asshole in that story: happily turning people into gold for various slights, including his barber for spilling the ass ears secret, and his daughter for being annoying (yeah, Rick went with the golden daughter version of the story); and also serving Gaia in her pursuit of a second Gigantomachy.  That said, the narrative has an obvious air of subversion. Characters are confused by the fact that Midas still has the golden touch and is as much of an asshole as he is, at least implying that the story got mangled over time.
Honestly Midas could've completely circumvented this by just saying that anything he WANTS to turn to gold he can. That way he gets free riches and doesn't starve or turn his relatives to gold. Worst thing he would have to worry about is inflating his economy so badly it crashes into the Mariana trench just like Mansa Musa.
I love how Dionysus is basically the party mom friend of the King Midas story. He's all down to party, but he's going to go "hey, umm guys?" when an idea is terrible and help bail his bro out from a dumbass idea gone south.
Midas is true fan giving their opinion to a crowd filled with nothing but brand fans.
"Midas has asses ears" was always one of my favorite myths.
This is a lot like an Aztec story
Hang on… didn’t Pan give Apollo his gifts of music and prophecy?  In some versions?
"...he did promise Midas any boon, so he reluctantly agrees..." Dionysus my love that's how your mother died.
I didn't actually know that Midas's touch was suppose to be a gift. I've only ever known it as a curse he acquired for being to greedy.  Which could technically be true, by my phrasing actually.
Whispering truths into the ground and plants echo it is like in Undertale, where in Waterfall, Echo Flowers whisper things that people say.
I remember reading that after those reeds grew, Midas was so embarrassed he unalived himself.
This is awesome!
Midas: "Imma let you finish, but Pan's the best piper ever!"
wersja sentino lepsza
I love your singing at the end of these. It's also fun hearing these songs done in different styles- I love Glitter and Gold, and I'd love to hear you sing the full song.
That last one was originally a Midas tale ?? In Serbia we have a folk story/myth called 'The goat ears of tzar Troyan' with (minus Apollo) basically the same plot. I just now Googled it and yes, it was an old Slavic adaptation of the Midas story!
Another fun fact about Nathaniel Hawthorne (the author that added the golden daughter to the story): he did extensive research into the history of his home town Salem, Massachusetts for his histories of the witch trials (upon which work the okay The Crucible was based). Right after researching his ancestor John Hathorne, he immediately had his name changed to Hawthorne. Whatever led to that decision he kept to himself.
Midas’ boon could’ve worked if he just asked for the ability to turn anything he CHOOSES into gold.
The song choices at the end always kill me 😭also you have a beautiful voice and great music taste 😁
It feels a tad bit unfair to force donkey ears on Midas for supporting his friend Pan in a music competition.
I would say that his daughter being turned to gold in the retelling is still a karmic punishment of sorts: in his greed and desire for wealth, he sacrificed/hurt his greatest and most precious treasure, and to get her back he had to acknowledge his mistake and learn a lesson.
I was literally listening to Glitter and Gold right before this video
It was a missed opportunity to not use that one JJBA meme format with Pan and Apollo IMO
can you cover the story of dr faust?
Oh my god not a single fortnite reference
oh dang, i thought Midas had been roped into *judging* the contest, like a no-win Paris situation or something. I like this version way better! nice to have some *variety* in "ways humans ended up totally screwed (hopefully not literally, which is an actual concern) when dealing with the gods" stories
So no one’s gonna mention the “glitter and gold ~ Barnes Courtney” at the end there? Alrighty then..
"At my will" or "of my choosing" are statements that really should be added to wishes like those.
He got donkey ears bc he has a different taste in music…
I think that daughter-turned-gold version also changed up the exposition of the story too. I remember reading a version where Midas is greedy and was envious of Apollo's own splendor and ticked him off, so Apollo shows up and asks him what he wants and he asks for the golden touch. Then when later the gift turns into a curse he takes it off after Midas repents.  I would say I should've known that version was fake because it actually features a Greek god uncursing a mortal (since when have the Greek gods ever cared enough to do that?), but...the original version has Dionysius doing the same thing, so nevermind.
Wasn’t it Masyas in that music competition? Not Pan? And then when Apollo won, he skinned the satyr …yeah that sounds like something Apollo would do. (This isn’t meant to bash!! I love your work and if you told me human life originated on Mars, I’d believe you!!)
cautionary tales being utterly inapplicable to one's life reminds me of a weird version of sleeping beauty i read in a folklore class (i don't remember which one, but i'm pretty sure that it wasn't named "sleeping beauty") That ended with a moral that essentially boils down to "If you're a lucky person  good things will come to you even when you're asleep" if anyone else knows what version this is let me know. I remember that instead of a spinning wheel, she fell asleep due to getting some lint caught under her fingernail??? it was weird. Also the warning that she would fall into a coma came from a prophecy rather than a curse i think. The story also continues past the usual end point with a separate unrelated conflict about an ogress trying to eat her twin children. (one of whom, notably, was a daughter named Aurora)
Me before the video: I know this story  Me after the video: “can’t stop thinking of the episode of Hercules the series where they were supposed to talk about Midas having donkey ears” It was really a myth🤣😀
Ok does anyone know the name of the song she sang at the end? She sang it amazingly and I want to hear the original.
Dionysus may be drunk 24/7, but he’s sober enough to know a bad idea.
👍👍👍
bruh why is everyone so godamn cute
Currently reading "The Plated Prisoner" series which, after watching this video, I now learned is inspired by the myth of King Midas.    In TPP the character of King Midas who keeps a girl he turned to gold with his gold touch in a locked cage to "protect her from the world" but really he just doesn't want her to escape from him because **SPOILER ALERT** she is actually the one with the gold touch and he relies on her powers of turning things to gold for him to stay on the throne.  It's a cautionary tale about grooming and abusive relationships and I started off hating it because the dynamics were very icky in the first book which is when the golden girl was still brainwashed by her captor, but I kept reading because I wanted to see where it was going and thankfully it ended up being what I hoped it would become and not just another bad romance glamourizing an abusive relationship. I think it could probably be pretty effective in waking someone up to recognize toxic behaviors in their own relationships because stories can do that sometimes when they place you in an outside perspective. I would personally definitely recommend it to someone who is in an abusive relationship if I ever find myself witnessing one...   (still waiting to see how the music contest plays in tho 😂)
We do need more plants like this
That was a Midas story?? I remember this song when I was a kid that went “each blade of grass whispered to the other ‘the king of kokakoka has two horns’”
What's the music used at 1:17
Wasn’t his kid a child of Demeter
If I was midas I would say I can turn rock and stick into gold
When Midas turned his daughter into gold do you think all of her turned gold of just her outer layers? :/ like do you think her blood and organs were still all liquified whilst her skin was like a golden shell?? 😟
I remember a version of the golden touch where Pan was the one who gave Midas that "gift". Don't remember where tho
Silenus in the background: （＾_＾）
I’m late for this, but the end song is one of my favorites and your calm acoustic cover is great.
2:11 first time I've heard of Electrum as a real thing that is naturally occurring, rather than just a magic metal in story.  Neat.
"im so sorry" "im not" based
This really shows the injustice of the gods; when a mortal is compared to a god they get punished horribly but a god can do it & they just get challenged to a friendly competition!
Midas would be so overpowered if he said"I want to turn everything i touch into gold as long as i want to"sadly midas is midas
All things considered Midas seemed like a pretty cool guy and a down to earth king. I actually prefer the original version where Midas doesn’t turn his daughter to gold as I feel like the point is clear enough and he didn’t do anything immoral to deserve punishment.
You always show me new music, red.
So, uh, I'm not the only one who heard All Star at 0:41
What's the song at 2:48 I have been looking for ages lol
Will you ever go over Hephaestus?
The Story of the Donkey ears reminds me of a Story i have read on a small book, i think of celtic mithology, where there is a king with donkey ears, but he does not want people to know it, so, every year, a barber comes to the king, cuts his Hair in a way that hides the ears, and then Gets killed. The Protagonist is a barber wich Sees the ears of the King and says the King should Not be afraid of Showing them, convincing the king. this would be a nice short story about accepting your and other’s differences, if it wouldnt be a story about a King That sacrifices innocent people for one of the dumbest of reason. (Edit: also, the secret-telling plant is also in the donkey King story)
please please please do one on Gilgamesh pls
Im doing a confusion. Isn't pan the later version of Dionysus? How can this guy meet both of Two generations of the same god lol
Speaking of music, what's the song played at the end of the video???
Honestly, just ask for everything you touch with ONE SPECIFIC FINGER to turn to gold. The middle finger would be good to have perfect justice for anyone who annoys you, but inconvenient based on length. Ring finger would be a bad idea for getting married, but I'm sure you could work something out
Red you gotta do a full cover of Like Glitter And Gold
Hey, Gold does have an e number, so can technically be eaten.
To be fair, midas should have been more specific, like 'i want anyth8ng made of stone, turn to gold if i touch it'.
Wait, ma Scarlet Letter idol boi wrote the only Midas myth I know????
Oh my goodness! The donkey ear story is sooo much like the Celtic story of The King With Donkey Ears.
Glitter and Gold. Very good song to sing Red.
I need to hear Pan's folk tune. It got BEAT!
Selenus is so adorable in this.  Also, I love the Muppet version of this where Kermit is the king, Piggy is his queen, SHE breaks in and makes the golden touch wish, and eventually he facepalms so hard he turns HIMSELF into gold.
Can you make something out of The Epos of Gilgamesh? It sounds like an awesome story
Imagine walking into 3 different deities in your lifetime, manage to get a divine curse from every encounter, and still have the worst thing about the whole ordeal be some weird gossip on your ears
Props to Dionysus for realizing Midas is a pretty nice dude and giving him an easy out from the curse.
You know, I wished I got recommended this sooner.  The Myth was fantastic as usual, but...  Man the fact that she played one of my favorite jams by Barns Courtney at the end is just the cherry on top of it all, the coincidence was a pleasant surprise.
Midas: “BOOOOOOOO 🍅🍅🍅🍅🍅”
Oof.
I website i used to use in elementary school, Starfall, actually had the version where Midas turns his daughter into gold
I like to imagine that Dionysus figured out someone was missing by drunkenly staring at his followers, saying “Uhh, something seems off.” and then he slowly points to everyone like “Uuuhhh, one… two… three… uuuuuhhh, four, fi-wait, I lost count, gotta start over.  Uuhhh, one…”
Not only is this stupid for the obvious reasons but also you'd hope a king would have a better grasp on basic economics.
A fun suggestion to animate for greek mythology is Cadmus, king of Thebes, the inventor of the greek alphabet, and slayer of the dragon.
I had no idea Midas was involved with that second story. The version I heard as a kid was completely devoid of greco-roman elements
Tantalus: I ate my son for dinner, and fed the leftovers to the gods.  Oedipus Rex: I killed my father and had sex with my mother.  Heracles: I brutally murdered my wife and children with my bare hands.  Lycaon: I sacrificed a person to Zeus once.  Pandora: I created all of mankind’s suffering solely because I’m a woman  Prometheus: I gave knowledge to mortals  Sisyphus: I cheated death twice.
I'm a relatively new viewer here and I'd just like to say that I absolutely love your content! I've been interested in ancient mythos for a while now and this has really been a fun way for me to learn (or relearn) all of this stuff! The art style is also adorably drawn and colored. Do you have any art tips or tricks? And if you don't mind me asking, what art programs do you use (if you use any)?
Can you do Hecate next, pleeease?? 🥺🤍
Why do I get a strong suspicion that Pan vs Apollo is the ancient Greek Devil vs Johnny? Seriously you can't tell me that this isn't similar especially since Odin's wild hunt gave us ghost riders
Midas in myths: Can barely do anything good for himself and cursed himself Three times in a row having his king status as his only accomplishment    Midas in Fortnite: created a way to temporarily stop a power hungry organization by building a Giant Device powerful enough to Break weather and reality,an Organization of secret agent but got eaten by his cat’s shark once
3:07 In Serbia we also have this story but instead of king Midas it is emperor Trojan (Trajan) and instead of Dionyssus giving him donkey ears he gets goat ears because he is cruel and greedy. And also there are a couple of stories where Trojan is depicted as a three headed demon who lives in Trojanov Grad on mount Cer and steals girls during the night so he can eat them.
Please do one on Hecate or triple goddesses in general
No but Ireland has a RIDICULOUSLY similar myth about a king with donkey's ears. Only the barber whispers the secret to some willows, which are then chopped to make a harp, which then snitch on the king in front of the whole court.
I don't know how many people would be interested but can we ever see some Turkish mythology too 😢🙁
3:40 Is this the origin of the Rumor Weed?
Fun fact:  When I was a kid reading this story, it was wildly incorrect. First, it ended with the whole turning daughter to gold thing, but it also had no connection to Dionysus. It just replaced him with a random unnamed witch, so I went my whole childhood not knowing that this is a Greek story.  I feel so lied to...
So...when can we expect a Pan pin?
aww now I kinda feel bad for Midas...  also I see that Barns Courtney in the outro!
I recall that the reason someone got Donkey ears was because Apollo essentially made the match unfair when he said that round two which would define the winner would have them play their instruments upside down. So could you explain that one please?
Midas: *Gets eaten by a shark*  Also Midas: *turns it into gold*
"A beautiful rustic melody."  ***Proceeds to play "Work Bitch" by Britney Spears***
FYI, Senilius is the origin of the word "senile".
Do a video about Odin!!! :)
Man what is that song? Somebody help me out here. 1:39
Reds singing glitter and gold is amazing
What a golden story about Midas making an ass of himself.
Ngl, I'm kinda disappointed that the "Midas accidentally turns his daughter to gold" story isn't an authentic version of the myth. It really adds an extra layer of tragedy to his situation.
I had honestly completely forgotten that the donkey ears thing was also King Midas.
I did not expect it to turn into a Tex Avery cartoon at the end.
SNITCH REEDS
I knew of both of these stories
Seriously, what is the music at 2:37 ? I've been trying to figure this out for *years* Or has it been said before, and I'm just dumb?
I didnt know about the daughter being a later addition
As someone how was instructed to do something very similar, we do not need more plants like that
Trinston was here....
Come on, Midas was just trying to make his pal Pan a solid by voting for him.
I've also heard a version where Midas was initially enraged and wanted to kill the barber, but calmed down and decided to forgive him, and Apollo was somehow impressed by his show of mercy (???) and changed his ears back to normal. Even if not all canonical, I like hearing the different versions (I thought the daughter thing was always part of it!).
do you think you could make like....a lightning round video of a bunch of minor gods and the myths they were featured in?
okay but the food turning to gold thing is STUPID unless he is eating it with his grubby hands
Please, make, an album of covers
Is no one gonna talk about her absolutely beautiful singing
by the way Midas didn't ask for the golden touch he just asked for ALOT of gold and Dionysus gave him the golden touch as a way of getting that gold( he didn't ask for it, his plan just backfired)
Ok but is no one Gonna Talk how Dionysus Is Wearing a panther Outfit and he is associated with Panthers . This goes for the pagans Who work with him. I’m Christian and even I know this. 😉😳
I had never heard that last bit about the music, very glad I could finally learn it
I am flesh and I am bone Arise ting tang like glitter and Gold I got a fire in my soul rise up ting tang like glitter! Yes! Thank you for that red
Well that song was a present surprise
Could you do a video about Finnish mythology/folklore when you have the time?
Midas must have also not understanding economics
Pan plays Work Bitch on flute  Apollo plays Total Eclipse of the Heart on harp  Choose your fighter.
Do you think cautionary tales about magic that’s not applicable to real life are influenced by Christianity’s aversion to partaking in magic/“demonic stuff?”
Wish that everything your fingertips touch turns to gold then get a pair of really nice finely woven silk gloves and put them on.  Very thin strands of gold are very flexible and being finely woven will still be breathable and will prevent your fingertips from touching anything until you take them off.  That way nothing you touch will turn to gold until you need more gold and take one of the gloves off so your finger tip actually touches it.
This is a prime example of phrasing instead of say " i want anything I touch to turn into gold" he should've said "I want anything I *wish* to turn into gold" that way you can pick and choose what gets turned into gold got to look out for those monkey paw situations.
*please read it*: in the myth of marsyas the earliest literary sources say that midas was chosen to be the judge between God of music and marsyas (5BC : timeline of the story) & then there's ovid work (1BC-1AD) (1BC<5BC) it works different in BC . Nvm ovid changes the story and replaces marsayas with pan and makes midas the judge.  see what ovid did ? changed the story line so it's not true at all . He wrote it for entertainment and midas wasn't punished by Apollo. Also , the myth of marsyas is not true as this myth was written by Athenians who hates flute music (marsyas)  and preferred lyre music (apollo) so that's why this myth was written.  So no bad rep to Apollo
3:40 you need to release full versions of these covers you do at the end of your videos, that was great
Nathaniel Hawthorne added that? Huh.
Only the silliest of punishments for the silly silly man
Red have you considered covering any Māori stories/history (it is technically incorrect to call them myths), e.g. how Māui slowed the sun, Māui and the goddess of fire, how Māui fished up the north island? I loved hearing those growing up and could see you vibing on Māui's Monkey King-esque shenanigans
I love how unrelated the second half is its just kinda "and then" LOL
Midas for the first part of the pan and apollo story had the look of ooooo this is not something I should get involved in but then the second half came around and he's like screw it lets get involved
Love the friendly competition that Apollo and Pan have
Hahaha! You just reminded me that these were bed time stories for me in my childhood. I had weird parents
ah Midas you loveable idiot!
A suggestion for miscellaneous myths. Book of Dede Korkut. It has a bunch of mythical and cautionary tales and is about oghuz Turks pre Islamic belief but because it was written during the Turkic conversion to the Islam. It is pretty interesting
This poor mother f'er all he did was help people and get divine punishment for helping the people who are now torturing him
Moral of the story, don’t ask Dionysus for something (duh, he’s probs drunk)
I hope this isn't rude but the video I watched before this is 'Jekyll and Hyde' and coincidentally I have a game about it made from MaZM AND coincidentally MaZM also made a game about another literature work,'The Phantom of the Opera'.Are you interested about making a video of 'The phantom of the opera'? I understand the summarized version of it because it's everywhere but I never actually took the time to read it.
WOAH WOAH WOAH WAIT. we have a story in ireland about a king called labhraí loingseach who was cursed with donkeys ears and killed each of his barbers, until one managed to get away with his life if he promised to keep the secret, and but the barber went out into the woods and told an old tree, which was then cut down and turned into a harp and the harp’s music could only sing “tá cluasa asail ar labhraí loingseach!” (labhraí loingseach has donkey ears)   SOMEONE EXPLAIN HOW THIS INCREDIBLY CLOSE PARALLEL CAME TO BE
love the song choice.
Red, pls release ur cover album, we need it
Please do a vid on the Kalevala
Can I just mention that Pan bragged so much about "winning" the competition that Apollo got pissed and SKINNED HIM ALIVE...             fun.
In third grade, I read a version of the story where Midas had to go on this like whole quest to rid himself of the golden touch. The spirit that gave him the power got sick or something and normally he had a tree that grew magic fruit he ate to keep himself healthy but a witch or something stole the tree and so Midas had to go through all the trouble of reclaiming it so that the spirit could be healthy enough to remove the curse.
Laughing at Midas and Vibing with the song. I love this channel
I just reread Rick Riorden's "Lost Hero' his interpitation of Midas was a bit... cartoonish. but fun
Red’s singing fills my heart
That was a lovely rendition of glittering gold absolutely wonderful.
The second Midas story sounds like Apollo used Vicious Mockery on reflex, and Midas was lucky to JUST get donkey ears
Midas: I think Pan is the better musician, His melody is beautiful, mysterious and rustic and no divinity can change that  Apollo: Pan isn’t gonna fuck you bro
I was not expecting Barns Courtney at the end there. What a lovely suprise!
gahhh i always miss out on your pins! I want the whole greek gods but i always am broke when you bring them out XD
wasn't it marsyas and not pan in that apollo myth? or am i tripping on frog poison
god the new pin looks so sick. ive recently starting collecting them. i do wonder if they ever come back after being sold. i'd LOVE to have the hades and persephone pins
If I was midas I'd we're gauntlets and have servants feed me
I had no idea Midas appeared in anywhere else than his goldy-touch thing
You ever wish there was just a TV show of Artemis reacting to the various myths in real time, closing every episode with “And I’m the weird one?”. No just me?
That barber is a true bro, it's not his fault that his secrets hole was a blabber-mouth
So if Midas can touch anything to turn it into gold, he basically just can’t fap  *insert pewdiepie and that’s a fact picture…
It's like an early Twilight Zone story!
The version of the Midas story I read, had him turn a whole list of things to gold before the daughter. It was more of 'small things=big consequences' take on the tale. He turned the kingdom's cats and bees to gold leading to an influx of rats and lack of crops.
“The raw power of that sick nasty burn” had me dying
I prefer the version where Midas trips and turns the planet to gold.
The video was good, the Barns Courtney at the end made it golden!
One of these on hera would be awesome
Song at the end kills it
You see where he went wrong is Not anything you touch anything you touch with your left pinky or right pinky the opposite of which ever is you dominant hand
So you're saying... _Midas is based?_
That is amazingly the least fucked up version of the story I ever heard
King Midas protection squad, where you at man? 👑👑👑
So it’s a 50/50 chance that Dionysus is real
Honestly if I had wrote the story of the golden touch I would have just made it so the second he got it he was frozen in place due to his clothes turning to gold
I think the 1800s addition of the daughter is because she was probably his property or whatever and oh no now he can't sell her into marriage or some shit
Say midas but without the d
When the god known for being a drunk gremlin thinks your idea is bad, thats how you know your very dumb
Amazing animation!
Midas has ass’s ears. That is all
“Jit trippin, he must think he Midas”
2:46 Hey! Does anyone know what the music in the backround is called?
Interestingly enough, the account I read as a kid did a whole different twist to 3:33.  After the whispering into the ground event, a troop of musicians come walking through the woods on their way to a religious festival. One of the troop notices a clump a beautifully grown reeds. ‘Such beautiful reeds would make excellent pipes’ reckoned one of the pipers, and so they cut them down and made them into pipes.  That festival they were performing at; it was held by Midas, who was in attendance as the guest of honor! The moment the band strikes up, the newly made pipes utter only one phrase, over and over again: ‘King Midas has asses ears.’   Although my account--probably trying not to create bitter little kids--has Midas laugh off the whole affair with the crowd, nowadays it does not take much imagination to know how embarrassing such an event would be.  As usual, great idea Red!
I'm flesh and I'm bone .
I realize I listened to a lot of weirdly thematic music when most of my favorite songs/artists were chosen for songs after these videos. Barnes Country + Glitter and Gold being yet another example
I didn't know the king with donkey ears was Midas. I knew both these stories, buy never realized they're both the same dude. That's cool. /pos
OHMYGOD MY GRANNY TOLD ME A VERSION OF THE DONKEY'S EARS STORY (and I'm Indian and the protagonist had horns instead of donkey ears)
TOUCH ME, MIDAS MAKE ME PART OF YOUR DESIGN~
Oh sure, when a literal god challenges another God to a contest of skills and loses, he gets to walk away just fine and everybody is feeling great, but when I DO IT, I get turned into a spider or some shit. Lesson learned from mythology: if you want to have some friendly competition with a God and NOT have your entire shit ruined, ALSO be a God 👍
Who knew Midas was going to be one of my favorite characters from greek mythology but here we are
Hilariously. When I was younger... I thought King Midas and King Minos were the same guy. So after the minotaur bit, I thought Minos got gold powers to further spite him.
I want a full cover of glitter and gold cuz it's one of my fav songs. Please red.
I can't think of the Midas myth(s) without thinking of that episode of Wishbone. The part where he accidently turned his daughter (and his wife when she tried to stop the daughter) to gold haunted me for YEARS. Kinda sad that wasn't part of the original but also good? Idk lol.
I can't think of the Midas myth(s) without thinking of that episode of Wishbone. The part where he accidently turned his daughter (and his wife when she tried to stop the daughter) to gold haunted me for YEARS. Kinda sad that wasn't part of the original but also good? Idk lol.
Love a bit of barns Courtney
As an English Major, I’ve used your channel as a learning tool more than I care to admit. Thank you for everything you do
I can’t remember if this is related or not but it goes along a similar concept in that someone whispered their secret to some reeds (cus a wise woman told them to) and then later at an event they attended the musicians playing accidentally revealed his secret cus they’d made their flutes out of the reeds the man whispered to and so the flutes just sang his secret. I can’t remember for the life of me what the story was or what the secret was, does anyone here know if it rings a bell?
What was the song in the credits?
So do you have an album yet? Or are we expected to wait forever 😜
I love your videos so much! i would love to see a video about sappho. I hear a lot about her and her friend but i don't know the story behind it. plus, based on the jokes/reference behind it, it sounds lgbtq based! i would like to be educated if you have the time!
"Oh if the weeds could speak"      *"You mean if the walls could speak?"*     "Oh no, the weeds hold way more interesting secrets"
I always thought the myth ended with Midas being on a ship and touching it, sinking to the bottom of the ocean with his crew... Ummm, I am confusion
Hm, So Pan and Apollon duked it out. First myth of that Apollonian -Dionysian dichonomy? Oh, and a video on THAT would be cool. And the guy who chose Pan was the idiot...
Could we get an ultimate lancer tierlist in the next OSPAD?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Okay, Apollo, Midas has just insulted you..without realizing it, what do you do? Apollo: can I cast Vicious Mockery? Sure Apollo: *gets nat 20* Okay, and Midas.....rolled a nat 1 on his save. He failed so hard he now has donkey ears for reel
Please do journey to the west part VLLL
Maybe these stories about wishes/genies actually ARE applicable to real life. Maybe they're trying to tell us not to chase things that _seem_ like they're what we want, but actually destroy everything in the process. Midas chased gold and wealth, but it destroyed anything he enjoyed or needed, it even takes away one of his family members - that's applicable to any finance guy today.
Wait a minute...
red singing Barns courtney 😯
Please do an Apollo Episode!! pls
Absolutely love the channel and content, you guys are awesome, can you pleaseeeee do the myth of Fujin and Rijin, thanks guys.
That’s the guy from Fortnite
Can you guys do a two part analysis/summary of Goethe’s Faust? I don’t see many people talking about it on YouTube especially not the second half and I think it could really do with the OSP treatment
W8 so I was reading fanfic in my 10th grade literature class . ...neat I guess?
So basically, the thing about him turning his daughter to gold was edgy fanfiction.
"U CARA TROJANA KOZJE UŠI"
I NEED A FULL COVER OF GLITTER AND GOLD!!!
Redd!!!! It's been awhile since the last time I watch your videos💟💟💟
The Greeks seeing the addition to the myth and be like ''Damn, thats good...why didn't we add that ?!''
I read one version where Midas got donkey ears before being rewarded with whatever boon he wanted. But of course Midas being the kind of guy he is, asks for anything he touches to be turned into gold instead of turning his ears back to normal, even if he's really embarrassed of them XD
"Gold is regrettably not very nutritious and this boon situation threatens to become a very bad time very quickly." Translation: It takes the dimwit a while to realize that he'll soon starve to death.  You know, I always wondered what happened to the barber after Midas becomes the laughingstock in all of Greece.
Be careful what you wish for. Two years ago I was getting tired of this whole living on Earth thing and asked the Big Guy to take me home, or at least show me a sign. I closed my eyes and when I opened them, I was in the hospital. I had experienced cardiac arrest and been in a coma, waking up on the third day... Halloween. Like commedian Bill Engvall says, "here's your sign."
Why do I feel like you've done this before? Was it on the Dionysus video?
The last part about Midas, him cursed with donkey ears, I've actually heard that story in the Animated Tales of the World series. But it was a Welsh story, the king was named March, & he was born with those ears.
Damn we got three of my favorite gods in one vid.
Ngl I was sort of hoping for a Rabbit Heart cover at the end but, Glitter and Gold's more upbeat tone probably suits the mood of this one better anyways. Always love seeing more Dionysus!
I WAS SO HAPPY TO HEAR YOU SING BARNES COURTNEY AT THE END YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!!!
What’s the song playing behind Apollo?
LOL the music
gimme gossip grass or gimme death!
Just watched the entire playlist while stuck at home with covid and I thoroughly enjoyed all of it. Thanks for getting me through day 1.
YEA! Singing!  And I just realized the donkey visage in Midsummer Night was a reference to the second story. XD
Wonderful commentary on a classic, as always. Have you ever considered covering the Mayan hero twins?
The donkey ears one always reminds me of fairy lore stuff (which given many fae are actually old Pre-christian gods re-written as fairies so the stories could keep going that makes sense), a mortal comes across some supernatural beings in the woods, witnesses something they do, including contests, and decides to involve themselves in supernatural affairs only to be punished via some paranormal curse.
I love your videos, but oh. my. god. I adore your voice! I would absolutely follow a channel or series where you did covers or your own music!
You just have to love the random crap that just happens in ancient mythology, like "whispering into the ground, which later sprouts a plant that echoes your secrets."  I mean, imagine if some writer today tried making something like that: people would think that he was on drugs or something.
Holy hell that was Barnes Courtney! Fantastic music choice!
So is that where the term "burying the truth" comes from?
YAY that song choice
NGL ... donkey ears do be kinda cute tho ...
Dioynisus being more logical and responsible in a myth? Damn-
I didn’t even realize a Dionysus pin got dropped until I looked at the store. Needless to say, I ordered one and now I have yet another god to add to my collection of OSP pins.
Great video,and thanks for making them. Just wish the myths ones were longer.
I love how Midas is drawn, just goofball
when you just keep rolling nat1's on that common sense 😂
Can you make a video about that very good ancient greece doctor that could reseruct the dead?
I'm going to say what no one else is thinking, the narrator has way to much hair.
Not gonna lie, when I saw this video pop up, I thought Red was going sing Shirley Bassey's Goldfinger: "He's the man, the man with a Midas touch!"
is there somewhere where i can listen to red's songs?
*doot*
Love glitter and gold nice pick for the end song.
"He's got the Midas touch but he touch it too much hey King Midas yeah hey King Midas yeah" lol and yes I did change the single lyric to fit this story.
I can't believe all this time that the whole Midas' daughter never actually happened. It's been nothing but a lie.
Okay that last shot with Midas and reeds is a literal treasure
Really? I'm the one who has to ask? OK. THESE STORIES TAKE PLACE IN ANCIENT GREECE! WHERE THE HECK DID MIDAS GET A TURBAN?!
I’m doing a project on dionysus for school and your vids really help me !! Thank you :)
I would love to have the curse of the king Midas As I'm more than willing to suffer the consequences  To merely perceive Is the full limitations of its grasp And the sufferings it can cause It is a wonderful embodiment of chaos And one often overlooked
I seem to recall reading a children's picture book when I was a child about a similar story, a king who had donkey's ears and only his barber knew about them. The rest of the story was much the same, except that after the barber whispered the secret to the reeds, a traveling minstrel cut the reeds and used them to make pan pipes. He was then summoned to the castle to play for the court, and when he blew into the pipes, all they would play was "the king has donkeys ears!"  funny to find out that it originated from king Midas!
Oh my gosh, Red, Red, you need to listen to me, every song you do during the end card is beautiful! RED WE NEED FULL-LENGTH COVERS PLEASE! You have such a pretty voice!
Heh. I did remember both myths, but I had totally forgotten that the latter was also Midas. Poor sod.
That's strange. The last one reminds me of a Filipino story I read recently. It was called "The Tyrant Has Horns" where a tyrant wishes he has horns, immediately regrets it, hides it from everyone but the barber who yells into a hole about it in a bamboo forest, word gets around, a mob forms, and kills the tyrant. Could anybody verify?
That plant really be gossiping
Oh I thought this was going to be emperor's new clothes, I didn't know about the donkey ears.
King Midas~  He's the one...  The one with the golden touch.  A dazzling touch.  King Midas~   Ok, obligatory James Bond's Goldfinger reference over!  Dionysus:...this can't end well.
Never knew the ear tale for Midas, but I grew up with a suspiciously similar Irish tale; "Labraid Loingsech has horses ears" anyone?
I love the version of the Midas from HBO's Happily Ever After. I'd highly recommend looking it up.
Wait, shit, record-keeping, whispering plants? Toby Fox creator of Undertale you hack!
Can we just acknowledge that, in terms of "petty revenge meted out by the gods for minor slights", Midas got off shockingly lightly?
Bro dionysus is so cute in this version! I love it
I'm still curious why the Earth never turned to gold
Ah, I see Apollo is cultured as well. 2:41
you should do a video on the egyptian tale of sinuhe
Thanks to this video I ended up googling the origins of the names of modal scales in music
I remember seeing this in the Broadway play "Metamorphoses". There, Midas is a greedy businessman as well as neglectful father. When one of his servants saves Dionysus's lover from drowning, the happy god promises Midas a boon. When he requests the golden touch, the god makes a face and says, "That's a reeeeeeeeeeally bad idea."
Apollo recently hears about Zues' latest escapades: Man he'll fuck anything that moves  And thats my headcanon folks
You know you messed up your wish when Dionysus, the literal God of drunk decisions, asks "Are you sure about that?"
You forgot the part where Midas get so ashamed by his secret getting out that he kills himself.
MIDAS IS LITERALLY THE FUNNIEST STORY EVER
I love the interjection of Hellsing music when Midas gets his power. xD
I'm confused at how Midas didn't immediately turn himself to gold. I mean my toes are usually touching at least one of my other toes most of the time.
My screeching as I hear one of my favorite parts of the song at the end
I can't believe all the gods are so chill in this one
Midas is one of the judges in Percy Jackson because he made a hell of a lot of bad decisions
The end of this story is incredibly similar to the Irish story of king Labraid Loingsech, who had any barber who trimmed his hair put to death until he decided to spare one as long as he kept it a secret. The barber’s mother could see that it was tormenting him, so she suggested he go off into the forest and whisper the secret to the trees. Later on, a harpist who had been invited to play at the king’s banquet went into the same forest to cut down a tree to make himself a new harp. When he began to play at the banquet, the notes turned into a voice singing “horse’s ears on Labraid Loingsech”
DM said "Are you sure you want to do that."  Midas "Yes"
i'm so surprised that there are 2+ midas stories, and that I only knew one of them
If a piano falls on your mother that's like a buy three wishes and get one for free kind of deal.
I love learning about the whole turning his daughter to gold thing wasn't a thing until the 1900s just goes to shows how stories change and evolve!
Glad you covered this particular myth, I was forced into a study group as a kid and they horribly mixed these two myths together. The way I heard it was that Midas asked for the golden touch, turned his daughter, and then begged for forgiveness. He got it and saved his daughter but the price was the donkey ears as punishment for his selfishness. No clue where they got that version but it got me out of class lol
Midas should've just had someone feed him😂
All in all though midas got out of these shenanigans pretty good
Plz Jerny  to the west
I had grown up with the Hawthorne version of the story... thank you for making me feel better about ol' Midas.  (Somewhere in the back of my mind, I'm hearing him singing a rewrite of the Rocky Horror soundtrack... "Touch me, touch me, touch me, I wanna feel wealthy..." LOL)
Lol, first off, "Satyr's advocate", I love it. Second off, I never heard of King Midas growing donkey ears. He just traded one curse for another.
Wow, I had no idea about the addition to Midas's tail after his curse was removed.
There's a song that plays at my job called "Midas Touch," and it really bothers me that the artist didn't seem to care how that sounded.
When I was a kid my mom told my brother and i some Midas stories, we loved them so much she had to gather a whole bunch more because we kept bothering her for more content. When I grew up and found that there were only 2 main Midas myths I got so disappointed especially because i don't remember the tales anymore T^T
Yeeesss the barns courtney song at the end
Trust the Midas touch!
Where is the Bacchae episode!?!?!?!?
Donkey ears are a small price to pay compared to what Apollo did  to Pan, for the sheer audacity to challenge him to a duel. Being skin alive is probably worse than some cosmetic defect.
I'll be real, Midas's story has honestly always been one of my favorites for whatever particular reason
I wonder if he just used gloves would he have avoided turning his food to gold?
In my country we have a tale about the king named Trajan who had goats ears. And the tale goes pretty much as the greek myth goes. With the reeds and the barber and all the good stuff.
Imagine just get rid of a curse from a god to then to see 2 gods just rocking out at a concert for no reason
Why didn’t Midas wear gloves
My favorite part was Pan playing “Work Bitch” by Britney Spears and Apollo playing “Total Eclipse of The Heart” by Bonnie Tyler
*Midas touches gold* *GOLD2*
The donkey ears sounds like a myth from Irish folklore  Barbers,sound and all
Apollo that was rude as shit
Is it weird that Ireland also has a king with donkey ears myth? In the Irish version, the king killed every barber who cut his hair, but then one day one of the newest barber’s mother went to the castle and begged the king not to kill her son. The king agreed, but on the one condition that the barber swore not to tell anyone. The barber swore, but seeing the donkey ears freaked him out so much that he got sick, so he went down to a tree (species varies, sometimes an oak, sometimes a willow) and whispered his secret into its leaves. This would’ve been fine, but the tree got chopped down, and turned into a harp for the kings favourite musician, and the harp would sing “the king has donkey ears”.
Good to know Midas was at least allowed to breathe
2:20 aahh som relaxation. Then a music duel between two gods.
Homophobic content creator
What about his bull and minotaur and maze?
I want a full album of just red singing.
midas
Fun fact: more the time when I was chld I found adaptain (like in Olympus no Pollon, a 80s anime that in my country still popular in 90s) whre the donkey ears came before the golden touch.
I swear half the reason I love these myth vids is we get to hear red sing covers.
You should make a video about Hephaestus, the best god ever
Midas ended up as one of the Underworld judges in the end
oh, so the moral was that it would be funny as hell if plants could gossip, ok I get it.
Kind of unfortunate that Midas didn’t think to wish for something a little more specific, like, “I wish for everything I touch with my left pinkie to turn to gold.” Or even one of his toes, though that would be a little comical.  Then he could have kept his Golden Touch and avoided starving and had an easier time not accidentally solidifying anyone.
can you do slavic mythology?
I love how there's this duel of gods going on and Midas is just... there.
Pan playing Gangnam Style is so hilarious
🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶"Touch me,Midas! Make me part of your design!"🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶
A collab between Oedipus and Midas would be motherfucking gold.
Midas and bottom would prolly have been drinking buddies
Best part of the video?  Red's rendition of "Glitter & Gold" by Barns Courtney. Topical and just a good song in general  Also I never heard the one about the ass ears. Interesting story, that
Should have said everything I touch with my left hand while touching my nose turns into gold. Then proceeds to crash the Greek economy turning all his gold worthless.
The daughter dying was probably Nathaniel Hawthorne confusing Midas with Job.
King Midas' Golden Touch is surprisingly always relevant in one way or another. I can name at least one videogame, animation or serial which touches upon the infamous Golden Touch in one way or another. I guess it's because the concept of having everything and having nothing is always relevant. Also now I know thanks to Kurzgesagt that it's a good thing Midas never tripped.
The real issue here is wording. "I wish to have _the power_ to turn anything into pure gold at my touch at my control" or "I wish everything I touched with _the intent of_ making it into gold would become pure gold"  But there's also a chance of Dionysus being too drunk to hear the whole wish and give him the power without the control anyway.
best end credits song, because 1 its a bop and 2 its red singing it
i love the use of the word "Sicknasty"
Love these kinda stories! XD  Though personally? I'm just gonna turn down the Boon or free wish. Because as madoka magic and genies in general basically make it clear that; MIRACLES AREN'T FREE! Its one thing to wish for a miracle and the price of one. So if someone is offering something too good to be true? there's always a catch!
This could have gone so much better if he was a little more specific with his request and said something like “Anything I touch with the tip of my left pinky turns to gold” and then he could’ve wore a thimble or something to stop it.
Omg the credit song yessss
Cautionary tales with lessons in no way applicable to real life.  See also: Snow goons are bad news.
comment for the almighty algorithm !!
Hey red. Just wanna say, your art has improved IMMENSELY
I leaned about how to specify the details of wishes from that Monkey's Paw episode of The Simpsons. Also, what song was covered in the credits for this one?
Thx for video
If there is one thing I've learn about Midas' touch is that never to jump on the hand in tomb Raider 1. XD
The version I always heard had Midas get his donkey ears BEFORE the golden touch. Dionysus expected him to use his wish to get rid of them but Midas (who, as you said, was famously dumb) wished for his golden touch instead and kept the donkey ears for the rest of his life because of it.
I'd never heard that Glitter and Gold song before. I've never been introduced to a new favourite song by a 20-second acoustic cover before either. Thanks.
In Chaucer's "The Wife of Bath's Tale," the narrator retells the myth and cites Ovid, but Midas's barber is replaced by his wife, in order to support the narrator 's theme.
The worst punishment: Inconviniences, public embarassment not worthy of going into exile for, and snitching reeds
I found that in majority of versions of Midas I came across he seemed to be portrayed as a tyrannical idiot. Turns out he's just an idiot.....
I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL   I KNOW IT TAKES ALOT OF WORK BUT… MAKE MORE IDC IF YOU NEED SLEEP GET TO WORK!!!!!!!
2:36 Midas' reaction is how I imagine every commoner in Greece reacted to the new God shennanigans
OMG OK SO I'M PORTUGUESE, AND THERE IS A PORTUGUESE TALE SIMILAR TO THIS When red mentioned he grew donkey ears I was immediately like "oh cute like in the story" BUT THEN THERE WAS THE WHOLE TALKING INTO A HOLE AND WHISPERING PLANTS So the portuguese version (at least from what I can recall since I heard this in elementary school) is about this prince that for some reason is born with donkey ears.. or maybe he's cursed..? I can't remember. But anyways his parents decide they need to keep such an embarrassing thing a secret, and decide to trust almost no one with this fact. One day, one of the palace staffs accidentally oversees the prince when he wasn't supposed to and sees his donkey ears. The king threatens to kill him if he tells anyone, but this guy, apparently unable to keep a secret, goes to a hole every day to whisper to it in hopes of relieving his burden. Over time plants start growing out of the hole and announcing that the prince has donkey ears. I don't remember how it ends cksnnxmsjdks
TIL - fun times
The second myth, god forbid Midas have a different opinion.  LOL XD
Always ask for gloves that turn everything they touch into gold
it was so nice listening to you sing Glitter and Gold
can we just appreciate how much red's art improved? like the characters have a much better sense of weight compared to older videos.
I feel like the daughter thing works because, as well as being a pretty cool twist, most versions I've read turn it into a rule of three thing, where first Midas realises he can't eat because his food turns to gold, then he realises that he can't drink because all liquids turn to gold, then his daughter embraces him and also turns to gold.
Idk if red will see this but just wanted to say screw those efap fans for bursting their collective blood vessels over your fridging video, its cool to disagree on people's takes but they are really overzealous and out of line
Was this your way of subtly announcing the debut of your new neo-ska garage band, The Pan Posse?
Hearing Red sing Barns Courtney is something I didn't know I need til today.
At least he didnt die and its only the ears. Dyonisus is a good boi.
gold is nice, but you know whats also nice? being able to eat lol
The frame at 1:03 is simply perfect.
So he didn't turn his daughter to gold? I love the original waaaaay better!!!
was not expecting a glitter & gold cover at the end, but i am VERY pleased by it
3:47 What if a monkeys paw gave you what you wished for BY dropping a piano on your mom?
This one is a powerhouse, the situational humor is really on point and even though it's short in comparison to other episodes of miscellaneous myths it just works.  This is for sure, a case where less really is more.
The outro song choice is just perfect
Isn't there a Korean story where the person that knew the emperor had dunkey ears shouts to the bamboo forest in order to keep it a secret?
fuck everyone and everything else, midas is mu spirit animal
Some could say Pan and his Pan-pals.
mi, dis is a great video
Nice singing
Midas 2:40 I just wanted a f--king nap
"DEM REEDS BE TALKIN SHIT."  - King Midas, probably
holy shit the ending song is one i hadn't heard since middle school (which is around the time i discovered OSP ironically) so hearing red cover it was so cool
Having plants like that is all fun and games until someone decided to advertise with them
Dionysus, the only god I've seen in any of these shorts that actually makes the protagonist double check their wish.
I alway have a special place in my heart for this story because in my 3rd year of university I played King Midas in a theatre class
Oooh oh I know spooky season is coming to a close but please do one on Baphomet😈🐐🖤
Almost missed the new pin, glad I got an email about it. I see now there was a link in the description but I got used to you making an announcement about it
Ok, here's a zinger for you. What's King Midas' favorite vegetable? 24 carrots.  Don't blame me, blame Muppet Classic Theater for teaching me that.
Midas: The other guy sounded better.  Apollo: So anyway I started *giving him donkey ears.*
Correct me if i'm wrong but did Midas not also get stabbed by his daughters in a tub?
I honestly was about to ask "Ok so where does Midas fit into the whole 'Pan vs Apollo Music 1v1'"
My favourite inapplicable cautionary lesson is how you need to be careful about seemingly specific or iron-clad prophecies
You know your idea is dumb when the God of madness and wine sobers up to ask 'are you sure?' I would have to ask for him to give me a week to think about this properly.
not to brag but i’m portraying silenus in my schools metamorphoses play😎😎 it has the version with Midas daughter being turned to gold and this story opens the play- and Midas returns at the very end of the play to restore his daughter in the river, described as “ the pool that reflects the stars”
Ah, "be careful what you wish for" - tale as old as time! Reminds me of an old fabel I heard as a child: A gnome gives man and his wife three wishes. As they think how to use them, they get hungry. Man wishes for a sausage and it appears. Wife gets angry and starts a fight for using the wish. Man gets angry and off handedly wishes sausage to be stuck on wifes nose. And so it happens. Sausage can't be cut nor pulled away from the nose. And so final wish must be used to free the wife from sausage. They could have had riches but sadly they used their words foolishly.
OSP brightens my day yet again.
I was not expecting nor ready for a Red rendition of Glitter and Gold but I will gracefully accept it and will henceforth demand a full version..... that is all
I heard a version where the barber told his secrets to some already existing reeds, and then a travelling band came and made flutes out of them. They then went to the kings palace, and when they started playing the flutes, the flutes simply said "King Midas has asses ears" in front of half the city, and Midas was forced to reveal that he did.
I'm actually relived that the version where Midas turns his daughter into gold is a modern add-on because when you first mentioned I was pretty confused. I had heard the story growing up (even had a beautifuly illustrated book of it) and for a while I thought people had been telling be a dimed down version of it. But it's not part of the original greek after all!   Also, I did hear the donkey-ears part as kid, as well! It was just treated as a separate story about a generic prince (the pro is that the story continues after he discovers the plants whispering about his secrets. It was a neat fairy tale)! Man, I'm just so excited with all I learned today!
YOOOO SHE PLAYED GLITTER AND GOLD, now this is epic
I've also heard another, definitely not mythologically accurate version where those two myths get combined. First he gets donkey ears, then Apollo offers him to grant a wish (obviously, that wish being reversing the curse), but Midas asks for the gold touch instead.
Yeah, we totally need more plants that spill the tea whenever the wind blow. I probably gonna get high on that weed cuz I breath drama to survive
Very good timing on this video as hermit craft has been talking about the myth and matpat just made s theory on it.
Ther is an Irish folklore whe a king has also donkey ears and killed every barber after cutting his hair so no-one knows the truth until a beloved local hero became too popular that the King decided to let the lad cut his hair so he could get rid of him. The hero could talked his way out and after the hero died a plant grew over his grave which spread the truth about the Kings donkey ears and was picked up by musicians who sang the song around the Kings Court. The king decided it is better to reveal his ears.
If Dionysus says 'Are you sure?' You know you better re-think some life choices.
that's a bit racist
I loved glitter and gold as the end song
Aeii, someone, anyone, tell me the type/genre of somgs Red sings, if Red is not gonna release an album of her own songs I will go search them up.  Pls 😢
Survival Tips when approached by an Olympian:   - pray - hide in a cave - stand really still and hope that their vision is based on movement.
Wait a fucking second, ELECTRUM IS A REAL THING?! WHAT?! I though Tinker's Construct had just invented some wacky new metals, what the hell...?
Ah, my friends, now I know the answer that blows in the wind
Oooh I'm sensing a gen 3 in Red's art style. Minor differences in how the limbs are constructed and some other things and it still looks great as always. Also ASS EARS
Sooo Midas Fridged his own daughter?
What's a boon?
I honestly love Red’s singing at the end of videos, would love to have full covers one day!
pan played work B**** - britney spears. I would choose pan as the winner. just sayin
A BARNS COURTNEY SONG AT THE END OF THE VIDEO??? IS IT MY BIRTHDAY????
Honestly, compared to what usually happens you offend the gods, I think Midas got off easy.
Midas is hilariously not entirely unfortunate, holy shit
Midas needs his mother to take him upstate to the instetute to get a certificate that he does in fact not have Donkey Ears :)
Dig up a hole  Sing never gonna give you up in it  Cover the hole and wait for some reeds to grow in it  Watch your neighbors get rickrolled whenever the Reed gets blown by the wind
Let's face it: turning your kid into gold because you have a golden touch curse isn't all that illogical or much of a leap. I'm sure even the ancient Greeks knew that when they told that story, but leaving it out is what made the listeners think of what else could have been affected by the golden touch if he can't even have food.
Why do I get a sense that Midas was either a Dionysian King or a Dionysian/Hades type local deity retrofitted into a King? I mean, hands turn things to gold, source of gold after bathing, siding with Pan than Apollo, donkey ears, Dionysian boons and feasts. That's a pattern going on there. Even with the whole Reeds and Secrets whispered in the ground thing. I mean, it's all there!
Great job God bless and have a good week
Wealthy elite read this story and decided they needed to be able to eat Midasian food and started coating food in gold foil. They prove Midas weak by eating gold and living.
Why would a king who already has all he could ever want for AND the favour of a God wish for this? I suppose hindsight is 20/20 and this is a cautionary tale and so on
We have plants like that. They grew into an app called whisper.
Red, how do you make all the godly characters look so hot? I need to know, for a friend...
You know, it's interesting. I heard the "barber learns a secret and whispers it into the ground, where reeds then spread the message" bit before, but it was connected to Alexander the Great, purporting that he had devil's horns. I think it was in a social studies book in a section about historical propaganda. I guess someone adapted the story to smear Alexander or something. The narrative seems to specific for it to just randomly pop up again.
Wait, but I had a book filled with stories when I was a kid that had a version of that second myth, except he said it into a tree, and eventually the tree got cut down and turned into instruments that were played for the king (who wasn't actually named iirc) and they played a song about the kings ears
Apollo: [casts Vicious Mockery] Apollo: [rolls a nat 20]
So Midas is just the ancient Greek version of Michael Scott?
The worst part of Midas is that the wish-granter wasn't setting out to be a dick and, therefore, it would have been oh so easy to make it _not_ go horribly. Just replace "everything" with "anything " and add "at will" on the end. Boom, fixed.
+
I wonder if the sounds reeds made sounded similar to something like midas has asses ears in ancient greek? Lol
Heck yeah! Love that song at the end lol
so Midas just has objectively bad music taste
*Please do athena*
I love that you chose to sing Glitter and Gold at end
I'm living for that Barns Courtney cover
Can you make a Miscellaneous myth video about muai the moari demigod?
They missed a really important detail about the musical duel:  Apollo didn't win because of "classical training" or even because he's the God of Music - The thing that took him over the edge (after a few rounds of them trying to one up each other) was that he could sing while playing the Lyre, Combining the beauty of his voice with that of his playing, Whereas Pan could not, since he was using a wind instrument.
gold: this is why you ask for *controllable* powers.
You know its bad when even Dionysus is like 'you sure bro?'. In the version I read as a kid he asked Midas twice in a very 'I'm throwing you a bone here' kinda way.
The gods need to stop promising to fulfill the wishes of mortals. I can immediately think of two other instances of the top off my head where this happened in Greek myths.
was very happy to hear a Red rendition of "glitter and gold"
I can’t blame a guy, he had an opinion and he just got shunned by getting donkey ears. Poor guy.
Honestly pretty good king in Greek myth standards. Treat his guests well, didn’t blame anyone else for his mistakes, DIDN’T MURDER ANYONE.
Me: “Tell me everything about Apollo without telling me everything about Apollo.”   Red: “Now Apollo is never one to pass up an opportunity for some petty conflict, so—“
Fortnite anyone?  There is popular Battle pass character called Midas introduced in season 12. He has the turns everything he touches into gold gimmick. Also female counterpart called Marigold. Which is name of the daughter in some tellings.
I think it’s interesting that both of these stories have to do with Dionysus and Pan, considering the link between both gods as explained in the Dionysus video
When you literally make an ass out of yourself by butting into the conversation.
Dionysus is cool AF!
skittles
I just need to know the background music at 1:41 tbh 😭
YOOO RED LISTENS TO BARNS COURTNEY
Curious how interconnected Midas is to Satyrs.  He hosts one at his court, he befriends Dionysus who in the past was very Satyr like and partied with them often, he hangs out with Pan and his friends and sides with them over Apollo I feel like there is something deeper there about the worship of those beings in the past.  But if donkey ears was the worst Midas got then I wouldn't mind it especially with the modern fascination with animal eared characters.  Not exactly cat ears but at least it will make the passer by curious if that is the only donkey like part of you... mmmwah!  Good night everybody
2:35 Missed opportunity to use the “Are you challenging me?” Meme from Scooby-Doo.
Passed out drunk, gets taken in by local authorities, first statement to the king is "you got anything to drink?" Silenus is my spirit animal.
The second part gets nuts. Poor midas
HAWTHORNE! Why do you gotta make everything so unnecessarily sad?!
Midas is like the anti King Solomon
I like the version where Midas tries to eat bread and honey but ends up with a mouth full of blood and jagged shards of gold.
Pan playing "Work Bitch" had me rolling.
Please!!!!! Make a video of just your songs!!!! Luv em!!
3:46. YES! GLITTER & GOLD FOR THE END CREDITS! I AM IN HEAVEN! 💯
so mother nature snitchin now? 😂
I know that donkey ear tale, I had no clue it was Midas though...
*“Now Dionysus may be the god of wine and drunken madness, but he knows a bad idea when he hears one.”* This is hilarious.
3:47 so, with that hypothetical monkey paw, would wishing for a piano to fall on your mom count as winning? will the paw drop TWO pianos instead? or perhaps a full church organ?
Hilarious episode - thanks Red!
Day 1 of asking for a video about Anubis
The way myths mutate over time is really interesting. As a kid I had a short little book that was basically the story of king midas, but it was the chocolate touch instead of the gold touch. Because a kid learning to read is obviously going to value chocolate over gold. It also includes a variation of the "turned his daughter to gold" bit- The main character accidentally turns his mom to chocolate shortly before getting the chocolate touch reversed and having everything turn back into what it was. He didn't get it reversed by bathing in a river that would then become chocolate milk though, which is a serious missed opportunity imo.
Please do one about Minth and Persephone.
I mean… the monkey paw kinda DID give them what they wanted and then dropped a piano on there mom… or rather gave them the exact amount of money a guy off handed asked for by causing a catastrophic failure in a factory killing there son…
Intresting that Midas gets cursed by both Dionysos and Apollo.
apart from people would have saved a lot of lives.
Interesting.  Growing up the version I had heard was that it was yelled into a well, and not by Midas, but rather an onlooker.
King Midas: National Greek Goofball
Okay weird coincidence I recently started listening to glitter and gold again…
where are those plants and how can I go there?
I am surprised that the "turning his daughter into gold" thing wasn't a part of the original myth.
If I were to do a wish like this, I would be way more particular. Though even I realize that it is possible the wish could still go badly. Like "I wish everything, but this glove I have on me and my own hands, that touches the pinkie finger of my left hand turned to gold". I could be more narrow with the wish, like "I wish that every rock or pebble, that I touch with my left pinkie finger turned to gold". (Going with the hand I don't write with).
Great work as always, but I kinda have to disagree with your take on Midas’ daughter in the credits. That monkey’s paw analogy only works if your wish was for falling pianos (or something that, when taken exactly how you didn’t mean it, comes to mean falling pianos). One of them was bound to hit your mom eventually, and you really should have seen that coming. (Or if not your mom, someone you love would’ve def gotten hurt at some point).
That ending with the reeds reminds me of a story from my middle school history textbook that was told about Alexander the Great, instead of ass ears it was horns, Alexander would have anyone executed if they told the secret about the horns and the only one who managed to keep it was, you guessed it, his barber. Instead of a hole though it was to a well that had the reeds growing at the bottom. I remember that this story was being cited for an argument on whether or not Alexander the pretty all right was a benevolent king or a power hungry tyrant. This story being used against him as an example of Alexander being used to show how this popular story about him was told after his death (I think). But that was back in 2012, and I attended Catholic School so you guys and gals draw your own conclusions about this.
Hah! i love that song.Well of to hear it xD.Also midas how the fuck did you not think this through even a little.Come on dude, he wasnt even mean about the wish fulfillment.Sigh, well at least we got coins from it.
Where do I hear more of Red’s singing?
So Midas was a himbo?
gotta respect the barber for keeping it real and not telling anyone about the secret (or atleast he tried)
Great choice of end song
red sings the songs which I've been listening to on loop for months lovely:)
Excellent song choice red. I love it!~
as  far as the second story is concerned, there is also a second version where apollo competes with a mortal who dared to consider himself a better musician. after the first round midas decided that the mortal was better and apollo set the following challenge:  both had to play their instruments upside down and sing at the same time, which is relatively easy for someone playing a lyre but frankly imposible for the mortal who was playing a flute-type of instrument.  after he lost, the mortal was killed by apollo who later used his stomach to make the first bagpipe and gift it to the thracians.
YES we got a cover of Glitter and gold, A fitting song for the topic!
PAN POSSE PRANCING PAST PINES PLAYING PIPES
The guy from fortnite
GLITTER AND GOLD IS A BANGER, I really wish for a full cover, it would go great for a compilation of myths
You know what's gold?  Red's voice
I knew that there was something with donkey ears and plants making that noise but not that it was with Midas
Honestly, considering Apollo's track record, Midas ended up pretty well, Apollo must have had a rather pleasant day
Wow is that ever a Tex Avery ending.
You're animation was amazing and this was an entertaining video but the small acoustic version of Barns Courtney's Glitter and Gold at the end sold me, subbed
It's funny, I never heard the second story before, but I had heard an Irish version before, which I feel is odd
best part about this video was Red singing at the end
In both life and in D&D, if the god asks "... are you sure?" you know you dun fucked up.
"We need more plants like this."  Me: *looks at the cactus in my house* "Don't you dare say anything." The cactus: "I'm an insomniac"
2:40 midas probably thinking for a second that he needs to be at least 10 miles away from any contest between gods
So wait. Dionysis... Then Pan... Is there a connection, only historians will (not) know!
"Gold is, regrettably, not very nutritious" 🤣
Damn, that was a great cover of Glitter & Gold
I love that Dionysus is equal parts a bro and also terrifying depending on how you treat his friends. Midas wishes for something dumb? Normally gods would be like 'sorry, sucks to be you!' but Dionysus is like 'alright I'll fix it.' If you're Pentheus or Lycurgus though, Dionysus turns into Jigsaw and is like 'would you like to play a game?'
YT WHY DID IT TAKE YOU A DAY TO RECOMMEND THIS I SWEAR TO GODS
Each time I watch these, it always these gods having weird chemistry with one and another, I just cannot stop laughing 😂   I feel like the gods accepted that they was just gonna continue to be petty for the sake of fun regardless
A nice move from Dionysus in giving him a little bit to realize consequences, but then still giving him a boon (gold river) Like he's not gonna go out of his way to explain a poor idea, but he also still Did want to give a boon as thanks
I literally choking with the last bit
From my experience. Genie stories are actually never about "be careful what you wish for" Rather it is more "Be SPECIFIC" what you wish for... Just a random statement from the start of the video XD
Midas: This is to make an ass of me.  Shakespeare: Write that down! Write that down!
Hey Red … loved your cover of Glitter and Gold!  The videos are great but I always like the little treats at the end too.
That little cover of glitter and gold is better than the original
Typical sheeple going with the most popular, Bruh, Pan's Music has way more emotional integrity and Dynamic Inflections than Apollo's shity copy and past, over produced, Script Music just sounds like Godlike garbage
Ooh that Barns Courtney outro tho
"Noooo, you can't just turn things to gold-"  Midas: *HEHE, INSANE GOLD TOUCH GO BLING BLING*
You know, there are some Hawthorne stories that would make really good episodes.
Alg
Mom of several kids living in toxic mold/ causing severe sickness/I have babies depending on me & I feel like I can’t function/doctors want us to get out because it can kill/ I can’t afford to/please give and spread the word/ anything can help us get out of here/go fund me page/get out of mold infested mobile home Ann R
Yo that’s the guy from Fortnite
I gotta say that barely we hear a story involving greek deities not killing the main character...or turning that one into a monster or something.
I was pleasantly surprised by the Barns Courtney at the end. Once again, red, you have blessed our ears
IH had a great take on the story of midas  Be greedy but be smart greedy
I'm just waiting for journey to the West
I remember reading a book about the donkey ear story, starting from when Midas hid them a member of a group of musicians carved a flute from the plant and when he played it, the barber's words were all that came out
I’ve heard another version of the second story where Midas was supposed to judge, but after both play he says that both sounded the same. So Apollo suggests turning their instruments upside-down. Pan can’t play on his pipes as well while Apollo, apparently having memorized which strings are which, plays just as good as he did before. Midas admits that Apollo plays better and gets donkey-eared for not admitting it sooner.
hey red! been watching for a while now and just wanna thank you for making these videos. you're probably the only reason i allowed myself to explore writing like i always kind of wanted to but never really got around to, and now im writing a show! so thank you, seriously, because without you i probably would have never pursued my dreams. also stem majors FTW (engineering physics major).
Neat video! I wish we could get more animations like this! Love these stories!
In Midas' defense, Apollo was performing a cover of "Never Gonna Give You Up" so...
2:30 you totally missed a *golden* opportunity to have Pan eating *pancakes...*
Your point about the monkey pow in the end doesn't make a whole lot of sense.  In the monkey pow, the pow usually makes your wishes come true in terrible ways which WILL affect others.  The couple asking for a few hundred pounds lose their son as compensation.   In general, it's actually really interesting and a better morale for the story, as it shows you how you will effect others for your bad choices in life.  If it wasn't just midas making himself miserable and harming his health due to his bad choices, but also killing his daughter due to his lack of thought and care, it would have been far more impactful and show how you can hurt other people even if you had no intention of doing so, and how your problems can actually effect others.
We do have plants like that.....they are just all on social media
Red's singing always brightens my day.
What are the songs playing over Pan and Apollo's performances?
Miscellaneous Myths will always be my favourite OSP series
I'd listen to you singing regularly like you do in the end cards. Love your content.
Moral of the story: If you get a Wish , get a Lawyer First...
At 2:36                                                                                                                                                                                                      Pan: What are you doing?                                                                                                                                                                              Apollo: Dance off man, just me and you!
The whole thing with the donkey ears and the snitching grass is very simular if not almost exactly the same to an old welsh story. I can’t remember what it is called though.
ayo, love hearing red sing barns courtney in the outro
finally
The last one sounds suspiciously like an (portugeese?) fairy tail, where three fairies grant a newborn prince some boons, but the last one gives him donkey-ears.  The rest plays out as the myth about Midas, except for the end, where the hat is lifted and it is revealed that the prince doesn't have donkey ears afterall.  Weird fairytail, nonetheless.
Turning daughter to gold is kinda like self inflicted version of fridging :'D Like that version of myth isn't like "oh poor daughter" its like "and Midas made things worse for himself by also petrifying his daughter"
That was cool
The tale of King Midas has been retold so many times in so many different contexts that it's easy to forget that it was originally a Greek myth. I've seen retellings where he gets the golden touch from a genie, an elf, a leprechaun, etc. For a while, when I told the story, I said King Midas got the golden touch by making a deal with the devil, because cautionary folk tales about dealing with the devil are very common in my land. I think being this adaptable is the mark of a great tale.
I’ve never heard the second one but we have a nearly identical myth here in Wales which was almost certainly inspired by it, it’s called King March’s ears and is pretty much the same except that March was seemingly born with donkey ears and the reeds don’t repeat the secret when the wind blows. Instead a piper comes to play in court and on the way decides to make a new pipe out of the nearby reeds, but when he tries to play them at court they don’t play music and just say ‘King March has ears the size and shape of donkey’s’ instead
Just like "I want too turn anything i wish into gold" boom problem solved then you're the richest man ever and can still eat
The only thing I know Pan for is enabling dwarves to cast Zone of Truth. Nice to know he's a good musician aswell.
HI. Would you done of Metis
Weirdly there'd a welsh rip off version of this folk tale, up to and including the talking reeds
YO! THE ART FOR PAN WHEN HE'S JAMMING IS SO COOL
fun fact: in french, "un pactole" is a big fortune, usually from a specific source
If we had more plants like that, the gardeners at estates and country clubs would be paid shockingly well.
Wasn't there a version of the second myth in which Apollo skinned his opponent alive upon winning?
1:39 Midas: *in the afterlife watching this* That's what I should've wished for! A family!
1:06 you could say that Selenus had a hangover of royal proportions :D  Iiiiiiiii'll see myself out... Also, is that how you spell the name?
At least he got hungry before horny... Also eating with golden cutlery isn't the end of the world. Table manners damn it!!!
That Glitter and Gold cover almost made me cry A killer ass song plus Red's Apollo-level singing? Fuck yeah
Okay, the video?  Pretty rad.  Red Covering *Glitter and Gold*?  I am HERE FOR THAT SHIT.
Also, the Merry Melodies version scared the heck outta me the 1st time I saw it.
I would've included the stipulation that I had to hold the to-B-made-gold item in both hands, or lain on both hands (prosthetics count, in case I lose 1 or both hands), & say 'I will what I hold B turned to gold', & to reverse it if need B, 'I will what I hold no longer B gold'.   If U ever get any kind've magic wishes, ALWAYS have a lawyer advise U, so far only Timmy Turner thought of that.
Wow, a mythical Greek story where no uninvolved mortal gets killed in a gruesome way for something someone else did, also not being a big deal to start with, but still having a deity hugely overreact? I can hardly believe it's Greek mythology.
at least he was wearing shoes otherwise we’d all be screwed :/
"Midas has ass's ears" XD
Apollo, frat god of challenge accepted.
I've used electrum as a resource in many _many_ video games and only now learned what it is. Well done.
Holy shit, wait, you mean the version of the story where Midas turns his daughter into gold, and ends up dying of starvation is NOT the actual story?  Man, slav parents really need to learn to not mess their children up with scary stories.
amazing video as always, but also i need a full cover of Red singing glitter and gold 🤩
Midas: "Isn't "good" music subjective, so there are no real winners here, only the beauty of music?"  Apollo: "Cringe."
Oh wow that was not as dark as I anticipated. Nobody died. Also "the sheer power of that sick nasty burn" is my new fave saying.
I swear he becomes a judge in the underworld’s panel 🤔
There's a kid-ified Midas story I'll always remember where anything this girl touches disappears. She's babysitting her little brother, he frustrates her so she pushes him or something, then poof. She gets so distraught she falls to her knees and, in a panic, puts her hands on her head. She vanishes. The end. It's a pretty harrowing tale when you're in elementary school!
Apollo also likes to win musical contests by dubious means.
Glitter and gold!!!
its cute how our drunk god never forgets even one of his members
I wonder if this business about Midas being a fool, donkey ears, Pan and Apollo were the character basis for Midsummer Night's Dream?...   [Edit] quick Google search later and looks like. ovids Metamorphosis was a major source of inspiration for the whole MsND story.   Well, as a writer once said (Vonnegut I think) don't borrow, totally stealsteal and make it your own.
ayyyy love the song you picked to do at the end! I saw Barns Courtney yonks ago a bit before he released The Attractions of Youth, opening for Portugal. The Man. He had such a great energy on stage that I've been a fan of him ever since!
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Apollo: "Ha, then your music taste sucks ass!"  Midas: "WAIT WAIT WAIT-"
The god of music declares music taste is NOT subjective! Why do I get the feeling he’s a Prog fan?
Anyone know the song playing for Apollo in the background at 2:50 ?
"Now Dionyssus may be the God of wine and drunken madness, but he DEFINITELY knows a bad idea when he hears one."  That line ALONE should be a lesson, people!
Moral of the story, think before you do something f*cking dumb.
There was a reference to King Midas in Fooly Cooly season 1 via the line, "The king's ears are donkey ears!" just as the main protagonist's hat got swiped, revealing he had grown cat ears.
I think what I love most about Midas is, as you said, he's honestly a pretty good guy in terms of Greek Kings Greedy and shortsighted? Sure, but otherwise he's kind of just a cool dude who didn't do anything wrong beside maybe be a little bad at thinking
Excellent music taste!!!
Two lessons: be careful what you wish for and don't be a jackass contrarian.
I only known about the GOLD part of the story.
Satyrs advocate.
So....  You're saying Apollo used Vicious Mockery on Midas?
We do *not* need more plants like that.  And I love Glitter and Gold, thanks!
even though its his own fault he got donkey ears you gotta respect him for just expressing that pan had the better music
There is a childrens book called "My king has donkeys ears" which steals from the Midas story of getting cursed with donkeys ears.
Even Dionysus knew that was a bad idea lol
why didn't he just say "i wish anything i touched with my left hand would turn to gold" and then wear a glove all the time. boom, problem solved. mega rich, can instakill anyone you don't like, and no negative consequences.
You mean the guy from Fortnite?
👍🏻
A fool and his gold(en curse) are soon parted.
So Midas was just the explanation that Greek ppl gave for the River Pactolus (however you spell it) with its gold deposit and not a cautionary tale ?
you should make a video on king Midas, the only problem is it might end up demonetised lol.
4:02
May I quietly request an Achilles and Patroclus pin pair?
Could you post a cover of Glitter and Gold? Because it was amazing!
MIDAS HAS ASS EARS !     bwahahahhahahahahahha
Wait did i just heard Red's cover of Glitter and Gold from Barnes Courtney?
You should do a trope talk on alternate dimensions/realities
I have a newfound appreciation for the episode of BBC’s Merlin where King Arthur magically grows donkey ears and has to hide it from the public. Imma go watch that episode now, good day!
Does- does anyone know where you can find full renditions of the songs red sigs for the outro?
Yo, it's the guy from Fortnite
God i love this channel
Love that song! Good choice for the end credits red!
greed is a nasty thing, and there is always a price to pay. Midas is like those kids in Willy Wonka that got punish for being greedy and the one that had nothing to lose got the chocolate factory by not being greedy.
This is exactly why I don't whisper into the ground 😂
For a Halloween Special, can you make a video about the Irish myth of Stingy Jack? It is a myth that can easily be sarcastic and fun. 😂
I never knew that the guy with donkey ears whose secret was blown on the wind was king Midas.
<3
The plant's making a call out post
Silenus' satisfied little grin is the best thing ever.
Was it not hades that gave Midas his golden touch? I remember that being referenced in the hades video 🤔  Edit: Nope, went back to the hades video I heard it from and it was never mentioned. Seems like the Mandela effect has finally gotten to me somehow, because I SWEAR I remember it 👀
In this case, “never trust the Midas touch”!
Realizing I'm late with the observation: "This is a LOT like 'Devil Came Down to Georgia'..."
*Midas:* "I think your music is kind of ass." *Apollo:* "And now, so are you."
I'll never forget how my actual high school English teacher gave me a 60 for drawing Dionysus as a dashing young man instead of an ugly fat drunk guy on a donkey (who wasn't even dionysus!) For a mythology class project 😑
@2:42 lol I love the facial expressions xD
I've never heard that second story before.
REPENT! Christ is coming back to judge the world! We are all guilty of sin, but Christ loves you so much that He died so you can be free! Take His blood as a remission of sins, and you will be saved! ♥
Hey you should try a knew country/ culter like idont say... maori storys like matariki or maui idk
a beautiful rustic melody *Britney Spears in the background*
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how great Red’s singing is?
Moral of the story donkey ear story: Don’t have bad taste in magic.
Apollo went to the forest he was lookin to play some lyre, and prove his skill against pan, that no good liar
I find it interesting that Midas in the myth is well meaning if a bit dumb. But he is often popularly depicted in fiction and media as villainous.
That plant is kinda epic
that last part reminds me of a similar hungarian myth involving a king who would execute his barbers because they laughed at his ass ears. in this version of the story the protag barber doesn’t laugh so he gets away alive but feels so tormented with this secret that it literally keeps compelling him to spit it out against his will to others. but he knows doing this is a bad idea so he tells it to a hole in the ground and it grows into a tree that tells the king’s people about the ass ears. but it has a nice ending for once because the protag tells the king its good he has giant ears because he can hear his people’s concerns better and everybody is happy! :D
I had heard of both myths, but I didn't realise they were about the same guy! lol The 'asses ears' version I heard just said it was a random ol king.
End reminds me of the story The King has Horse's Ears that my mom used to read to me.
Suprised you haven't already done this one
ok ngl, the older version make midas less "greedy shortsighted king" to just "cheerful yet hilariously drunk and or dim noble person"
Red tonight your voice is divine. WOOT
I'd love to have a few songs from red and blue!
I've been thinking about the tale of King Midas a lot lately. Then suddenly by coincidence a series I used to watch has posted a video on the myth, how nice.
Great cover of Glitter & Gold at the end! Such a good song!
I have heard many versions of these.  In one of the versions with the barber, the plants that grew were reeds.  Someone made the reeds into an instrument that spread the secret when it was played.
I can vividly remember a Celtic version of that last myth but the plant was a tree and was made into an instrument (pretty sure a lyre) and then it was played in front of the whole court. The instrument whispered the words instead of just the plant.
Love the video love the song
I love how you are playing " Work Bitch" in the background..😆
Everyone know the wish to make is "make everything my left hand touches turn to gold" duh ;-P
Does anyone know what song Red sings at the end?
Surprised this didn't touch on Ganymede
As a kid, I participated in a choir that made music along with a book about king Midas’ golden touch, and I forgot about how we sang about Midas’ donkey ears.
There is an afterlife of the story of King Midas’s ears in Béroul’s version of Tristan and Iseut, where it happens to Kinf Mark and there is the same speaking-to-the-ground motif.
Red, You have a lovely singing voice.
Midas is a nice guy, he just has 0 foresight
Whats that song that plays whenever mysterious fey/nature spirit stuff shows up?  In this one it played when pan appeared
When Dionysus tells you something is a bad idea you should probably listen.
Nice. Can you make Legends Summarized: The Journey To The West Part IX please?
I read a version where it was a kid who could turn whatever into chocolate
Man, between Arachne and Midas, this is why you never question nor challenge gods/goddesses.
Please make a video on the birth of Ganesha, cannot stress that enough, it's good
and this is why you need to phrase your wish as specifically as possible
So was Dionysus, the god of inebriated madness, just the most chill guy in the room?
Not a place I'd expect to hear Barns Courtney, but I'm glad I did.
Is this the same King Midas who is supposed to judge people in Hades because that would be kinda worrying.
Yusss! Another mythos!
…have you ever heard of a *talking plant* ?
LMAO
Is there somewhere to find Red's boss cover songs?
The choice of Glitter ‘N’ Gold at the end made me very happy
We need a modern retelling of the Midas stories where the consequences of these two stories are swapped, and when he is pressed why he asked for donkey's ears, he can only reply that he had been drinking and partying for 10 days.
"It's like if the monkey's paw gave you what you wished for and ALSO dropped a piano on your mom" may be my favorite comparison of anything to anything ever.
Didn't know about that Pan story.  Neat!
I'm never gonna talk about my problems while I garden again D:
Great Video! Yanno when Halloween rolls around maybe you could do a video on Phantom of the Opera? I think since most of the horror genre has been covered by you guys gothic could work
I didn’t know Pan had himself a group, I guess I always associated the wilderness with solitude or getting lost on your own. That’s been another episode of weird assumptions I’ve made based on no fact.
When the god of wine says what you want is a bad idea, listen!
"I wish I had magical powers as I would define them." "I wish I could eat and enjoy anything humans consider food." Those are the only two wishes I can think of without that many drawbacks. The worst instance I can think of is someone saying "Ah but cannables exist, so you'd be able to eat and enjoy human flesh", but I argue that by saying "could eat and enjoy", 'could' implies that I can, so yes, I could eat human and like it, but I still have personal preferences, and the wherewithal to not eat human flesh. The "access to magic" could get hairy, I'm still working on how exactly I would define that. I have been toying with a mix between practicing it and video game logic. Third wish could be genie freedom or maybe a nice bag of holding or something.
... Electrum is REAL?! I thought DND made it up!
So basically the Victorians invented Grimdark?
I love the song choice! Extremely fitting!
Could you summarize Algernon Blackwood's The kit bag?
Why does Ovid re-frame myths to make Athena seem worse, but give Dionysus a pass?
Can you do the overjoyed crowd trope
You'd think people in Greek myth would learn not to sass the gods - not only are they easy to piss off, they can seemingly always hear.
my favourite song covered by my favourite youtuber? best credits ever
Aw dang I was really hoping to see some reference to his mother being Kybele—a goddess near and dear to my heart. Honestly, is even kind of an interesting connection to Midas's knowledgoe of Dionysus since Cybele esentially played auntie to him before he invaded India  (got to love that syncretism.)
Comment for the algorithms!
Wait, I thought the hole is actually Echoes (some sort of dryad spirit)? Or is there any other version?
I'm pretty sure the first tale of Midas is something about how there are things gold cannot replace. Kind of a long-winded way of saying "You can't eat money."
I prefer the Muppet theater versions of these myths
Even a bite-sized OSP video cannot escape the Trending page...
♪ Mighty Midas had the golden touch but he couldn’t always use it, ♪  ♪ It appeared his ears were made of tin, when forced to face the music, ♪  ♪ He had to chose the best of the blues, Apollo’s was too honky-tonky, ♪  ♪ And the aftermath Apollo’s wrath gave Midas the ears of a donkey! ♪
I headcannon that titan Pan's playing was better but Apollo either used magic, bribery, or threat to win. Pan then "blesses" Apollo with virility, but  adds the curse of being unable to truly love, for his music had no heart. (Hence Apollo sucking in alot of other stories)
Why not just say "let me turn what I want to gold" boom problem solved now he can select what to make gold
Weren’t Pan and Dionysus like the same person at one point? So Midas god screwed over by two versions of the same god.
So...the part where as punishment for losing Pan gets horribly murdered and his skin is flayed and tanned to make a drum ISN'T part of the common version of the story then?
2:37  You forgot the “ゴゴゴ”
Anyone remember the Animaniacs movie where the king brought the Warners in because he thought they knew the secret to the wishing star? They said "it's how you wish" and literally tell him how every wish can backfire. Included him wanting the golden touch where yeaah good luck eating.
gotta love being educated that the whole golden daughter thing is fake mythology
This was recommended to me right as I was listening to gold by imagine dragons...  *YOUTUBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE*
Now, if only he'd added a "when I wished" caveat to the end. CONTROL, Midas, you dumbass. XP
Did.... did Apollo just make a Jojo reference? O.o
That is probably the first time I've heard a version of Glitter and Gold that WASN'T attached to some rockin' amv
Ah! King Midas and his poor choices.   This was shockingly more tame than I expected. Now if you need some gore there's is a video by Kurzgesagt about Midas and on a scientific level what would happen if a living being or the whole world got turned to gold. It's very morbid.
Is it okay that I have a crush on the Dionysus in this video
Remember, if the DM says "are you sure you want to do this" you say no.
Based Barns Courtney
That was in Hawthorne's A WONDER BOOK FOR GIRLS AND BOYS (which I don't have), not TANGLEWOOD TALES, which I do.  (Looking it up was easier than getting my copy to check.)
I'd heard that last part of the story (with the whispering plants) before, but I'd never known it had anything to do with Midas!
I can’t believe you went this long without a video on King Midas.
Mides, the literal personification of stupidity and unluck
Haha love those "fuck you" reeds
I remember reading a version of Midas’ whispers into the ground, but instead of Midas, the barber couldn’t hold in the secret anymore. So he went down to a pond and when the reeds asked what was troubling him, he told them about the Kings ears. Then, when the king was taking a walk by the pond, he heard the reeds talking about his ears whenever the wind blew them. I’m pretty sure the barber either died or was expelled from the kings court after that, since he was the only man who knew the secret.
There's actually a story in my country that probably spawned from the second Midas myth. The key difference is the fact that the king is named Trojan, he was born with the ears and instead of reeds a willow tree sprouted which shepherds made flutes out of. The flutes when played would say "King Trojan has ass ears"
Midas sure is a bad parent.  Worst case of golden child syndrome I've ever seen.
It's just Midas, doing stupid things
I'm surprised you didn't do this earlier
I've heard this story a dozen times, but I've never heard the part about the whispering plant. I like that part.
Midas seems like someone who'd fit a Gaelic fae story as much as the Greek gods. Nobody twists a wish like the fae
I saw a version where those reeds were used to make a pan flute which had the magical ability to reveal his ears when played
Me for the first 3 and a half minutes: interesting Me for the last 20 seconds: aw HELL YEAH BARNS COURTNEY
Well it's not surprising he immediately wants his wish undone when he finds out he can't eat because of it. He doesn't want to starve and no gold is worth starving to death over
The best version of Midas (both his stories) was from a random little kid's show called "Stickin' Around". A classic 🤌
All that and never once the quote of Midas mechanic's jingle.
Songs played by Pan and Apollo are Work bitch by Britney Spears and Total eclipse of the heart by Bonnie Tyler respectively for anyone wondering
am i the only one who thought they already did this one? im honestly sipprised considering its so prevalent as a reference, and they hadnt done it prior?
Missed opportunity to play pocket full of gold for the end card
I love that Midas literally got his donkey's ears froim a nat 20 on Vicious Mockery
Awesome story, now when's the next journey to the West
Red music channel when?
Ok! Never knew that there was a second part to Midas' story. And now I know where DEFA got their idea for the second half of the movie "the story of the little Muck". 🙃😶
I can't believe you didn't choose "Gold" by Spandau Ballet for the ending song...
Midas must have touched OSP 'cause this channel is pure gold.
I just started reading the odyssey in school and because I watched the odyssey video all ready the first four books weren’t to hard to understand
two things i like about this: 1- the gods are not absolute assholes but rather rational folks that just have a  lot of power 2- midas is not a jerk or evil, he is just a dumbass
2:36 _zorps_
G O L D
Ok wow was not expecting a cover of glitter and gold but can’t say I don’t like it
In Celtic lore, there’s a king born with horse’s ears. He wasn’t cursed with them.  Mythological parallels
WE'RE ON TRENDING!!!!!
Wow I love learning something new about my childhood story. If you take requests I would like to request the Gigatonomy the Giant antigods that need gods and heros like Heracles and Dionysus to beat
Big up the outro song great choice red
Should asked for a double tap gold touch and another double tap to reverse.
We definitely need more evil whispering weeds
LETS GOOOO FINALLYYY
There's an old (I think) irish myth about another king with the ears thing
Red, Midas's daughter turning to gold is meant to happen as a result of her embracing him, meaning a life without love is also a direct consequence of his gold lust (at least in the little golden book version I read as a kid) Seriously are we even sure Ovid is a good writer?
If we know his story from Ovid, it probably went well, previously.
Everything I know about king midas before watching this came from the third aladdin movie and skittles adverts.
I would love a full version of Red singing 'Glitter and Gold' (really like that song)
Damn I thought my notifications for this channel were on and was so mad when I saw it because of the community post and not the notification, so i checked and they were off, but they're on now
Can you do King Mithridates? He's my favorite historical person, if I ever have a son, his name will be Mithridates
Can't wait for the Halloween special, if there is one. The H.P. Lovecraft one is what first got me hooked to this channel. It would be cool to hear about various Werebeast myths or stories.
Seleneus is just happy to party and drink
No way I had a book about this when I was a kid the king with donkey ears I think it was called but when you mentioned the barber it clicked!
Can you make a video about Romanian Folklore story since Halloween is near (and yes i still hate the stereotype)
1:20 You know an idea is bad when even the greek gods, well known for not really caring about the mortals' well being that much unless they liked them, try to make you reconsider your choices 3:13 Huh. He got out of one problem right into another
The saddest part of this is that Midas is arguably one of the most moral characters in Greek Mythology.
Dionysus: I don’t know, man. That sounds like a bad idea. And I’m the god of bad ideas.
It's funny how people describe being good at something as having 'The Midas Touch' when Midas' touch was possibly the worst touch to have.
Last one.  The author of the Discworld Series, Sir Terry Pratchett includes a reference to the first legend in some of his books - How a foolish ruler of the desert city of Al-Ybi had been cursed by a dyslexic deity, so that everything his touched would turn into Glod.     Now Glod was actually the name of a small dwarf who lived in the mountains, and because of this magic he found himself teleported halfway across the Discworld to the city of Al-Ybi, and relentlessly duplicated.    10,902 Glods later the spell finally wore off.  But to this day the citizens of Al-Ybi have a reputation for being short, bearded and very cross.
Midas’s IQ must be lower than the freezing temperature for water at all times.
gold and glitter one of me favorite tune
Nice Song. „Glitter and Gold“ by Barns Courtney
This was a lot more wholesome and involving less dead people than I expected. Huh.
I heard a variant of the second story, with the ruler with goats ears, and how his barber tried to keep it a secret.  The barber dug the hole, shouted in the secret, but then a tree grew from the hole, and a musician cut off a branch and carved it into a flute.  But when he played the flute in the city square, it san the song of 'how King Midas has the ears of an ass'.   But in this version, once the whole city knows, and Midas has got to the bottom of where the song comes from, he forgives the barber, saying you did try and keep my secret, and perhaps somethings can't be hidden for ever.  No one loses their head, and the king openly displays his donkey ears, and rules well and wisely, and the people accept him as a good rules, ears and all.
King Midas is what happens everytime you give a D&D player a free Wish. Every time. There's even the "are you sure about that?" part.
Eeeeeh, prefer the TedEd version.
Seems like the best lesson is never help Greek deities in contests. Unless there are any myths where a mortal come out on top with feuding deities who can't settle their own squabbles without causing grief / blame humanity in the process.
So glad this one finally got done, it’s such a classic myth. And the end song is perfect
Dionysus was quite decent for a god of Olympus; he was grateful to King Midas for hosting his friend, he offered him a request, he warned him when the king made a poor choice, and once Midas realised the drawbacks of everything turning to gold, the actually undid the magic.  You can just see Zeus or Hera saying 'you chose it, now you're stuck with it'.
Take a shot every time red says pan.
It's funny, I know the last part with the barber as a popular folk tale, but it has no mention of Midas, Pan or any other god, and the king had goat horns instead of donkey ears. Also it continues that a tree grows where the grass grew and someone makes pan flutes (that part makes a lot of sense to me now!) out of it that also tells the truth about the king when played.
For the end song you should have done “Gold” by Imagine Dragons.
I’d guess the reason the daughter turning to gold wasn’t in the original because The Ancient Greeks wouldn’t much mind trading a daughter for their daughter’s mass in gold.
The great power of a sick nasty burn
Bakunawa (Philippines)
Ya know, the ends of these videos makes me realize I would love to see Red do full covers of every song. Amazing singing voice
For a better understanding of just how bad an idea it was to wish to turn everything you touch into gold, Kurzgesagt has an interesting video about King Midas turning the world to gold...
As always it’s a great video.  Also, thanks for introducing me to the song Glitter and Gold!
Thinking the song at the end of the video will be (you've got) the touch, from the 85 transformers movie.
Cool video, i was absolutely not expecting Glitter and gold! Nice bonus for me i guess
"We need more plants like this." Do you WANT nature to sound like a full discord voice chat channel?
ohhh I think this myth inspired Shunji Ito for one of his Stories. Never heard of the part with the donkey ears, interesting
I cannot believe this story ends with the Rumor Weed
I never knew I needed to hear red singing glitter and gold but ya learn something new everytime with osp lmao
There was a similar legend I read on plaque recently in Croatia, but the king had the face of a dog and a man made a flute from the tree where he whispered into the ground.
Red singing Glitter and Gold is the gift I didn’t know I needed… thanks for making a crappy day less crappy…
Nathaniel Hawthorne, writer of Young Goodman Brown, a judge in the witch trials, and my great great great grandfather.
I really like your pan design is there a posibility for a pin?
The thing is people actually believed the reeds. Like people heard reeds saying their king has the ears of a donkey and just went "yup, reeds don't lie"
Yes glitter and gold
Finnaly
0:40 It’s not always King Midas’ fault; in the Muppet adaption, Midas was played by Kermit the Frog, & Ms Piggy, his queen, forced him to take the golden touch.
I learned a slightly different version of the second story growing up, although I'm not sure what the original source is.  In the version I learned Athena took Medusa's arm bones and made a double flute.  She was very proud of this creation, but caught a glimpse of her reflection while playing one day.  She was so disgusted by how silly she looked with her cheeks puffed out that the threw the instrument away.  It landed in Midas's kingdom, and was found by a satyr who was a close friend of Midas.  This satyr was so delighted by the fact that he could play 2 songs at once on the double flute that he boasted not even Apollo was as great a musician as he.  This did the typical thing when you boast that you're better than a god, and Apollo immediately appeared and challenged him to a musical contest, and saying that he would make a chair out of the satyr's skin as punishment if he (Apollo) won.   Now, since they were in his kingdom, they asked Midas to judge the contest.  Being a good friend and a general dumbass, Midas judged in favor of his friend, the satyr.  In response, Apollo declared Midas must have ass's ears, cursed him, then promptly declared himself winner, skinned the satyr, and made the promised chair from the skin.  The rest of the story was the same, except that this version said he hid his ears in a tall hat, rather than a turban, and tall hats became very popular and fashionable as a result.
I didn't know anyone else who knew Gold (Barns Courtney) until now! Perfect choice of song
The original Midas stories are way more goofy than the ones that get told more often these days
#21 ON TRENDING
Is the start of the video cut off a little bit?
King Midas is a closeted furry confirmed
Ass a European we have a similar story about the donkey ears but it is quite long so .... Kung upsets witch  Witch curses him  King has donkey ears  Kings ashamed  Barbars mysterysely vanishes after haircut from king  One told it a tree  From tree wood made harp for kings ball  Harp sings :" the king has donkey ears"  This sums it up
There is a irish folk/fairy tale about a king with horse ears and his barber (but he use a dead tree in the woods )
I honestly never knew that Midas survived, all the versions of the myth that I heard involved Midas dying by turning himself to gold.
WAIT SO YOU'RE TELLING ME THE PART ABOUT THE SATYR FALLING ASLEEP IN ONE OF MIDAS'S BUSHES WAS PART OF THE ORIGINAL MYTH? I THOUGHT THAT WAS JUST IN MUPPET CLASSIC THEATER!!
Can you do the 6 Eared Macaque
Would’ve loved a full version of glitter and gold, nice
One could probably do the equivalent of the Evil Overlord List for tips about fairytales.
the donkey eared king was actually midas!!!??? never knew that until now, i always thought it was a seperate story
Good to know that even the gods from time to time will loudly proclaim "I'm better at something than the literal god of said thing!" Also unsurprising that it still results in consequences for some nearby mortal
Me: "I can't help but feel I'm forgetting something... oh s--t it's Friday, OSP updates today!"  ... and it's about Midas. The second myth sounds amazing and totally something to steal for the next faerie prank to pull on people.
Considering Dionysus and Pan used to be one diety, Midas got screwed over by one guy twice.
“I love gold so much” -Midas, moments before making an awful, awful decision.
WELL, WELL, WELL IF IT ISNT THE CONSEQUENCES OF MY ACTIONS.
The story of King Midas has always been in my top 10, ever since I was like eight
Woo! Greek myth, Nathaniel Hawthorne, a Barns Courtney song to wrap it all up. This video has it all. I Love It!
Interesting
If I was expected to adjudicate a contest between Greek gods I would just off myself to save everyone else in my life the suffering by proxy. So the fact that Midas decided to interject himself there  unasked and unwanted. Truly the maddest of lads
Okay but the Monkeys Paw did definitely give them what they wanted while dropping a piano on their mom. Like almost exactly that. (Well it was horribly kill their son in an accident when they wished for money but it's pretty close)
Disappointed the outtro song wasn't The Devil Went Down to Georgia
Good thing Dionysus' unintentional punishment has an easy way out. The donkey's ears on the other hand...
Midas in the second story is basically me, I'm also for arguing that fun party music is actually better then pretentious snob music.
when's the next journey to the west?
easily the chillest consequences for a person in a Greek myth ever
The only secrets I have in holes are bodies and luckily the dead don't speak
Me seeing this video pop up: ...your Midas touch on the chevy door...
The donkey ears myth sound very similar to the Irish myth of the king with donkey ears.
Red: we should have more plants like this.   Me: No no no! Twitter is enough for over here!
I remeber at School wed always read a very kid version of this. Midas kinda exited, then god gave him the gold touch. He turned his wife gold and then got sad so his powers got removed
Huh, had no idea that twist wasn’t in the original story.
A banger like always   Hey Red did you ever think of covering The Bacchae?
Is the story about Midas and his ass' ears at all related to the Welsh tale of the King of March and the piper Ianto, where the king hides his donkey ears under his crown and kills his barbers to hide the secret, and the piper makes a reed pipe from the sedges of March Lake and find the bodies of all the king's past barbers there?
I had no idea the donkey ears story was about midas
Me : I wonder what this year's Halloween story is going to be. (Sees video) I'm slightly confused, but not disappointed.
The one I heard was Pan was actually the winner but Midus was was the judge. Apollo was the sour loser and threatened if claim he was the winner he would Midus in to the sun, so he was claimed the winner. Pan was so angry that he cursed Midus with donkey ears
The imagery for Pan's music made me think of Saria's Song.
"Midas has ass ears" Man, what a dick way to shame a dude for his music taste.
I love the redesign for Dionysus! Looks really good!
Red, you are deliciously bonkers. Keep up the good work!
VERY NICE.
2:08 That's why in French, "un pactole" is the equivalent of "a motherload of money".
That second story is so much better than the first and I'm shocked it's not told more often. Also when are Apollo and Pan touring? Are they on Spotify?
Huh I just learned about this a few days from game theory
One of my favorite mythological characters lol   Also , the singing was great , like always , Red !
Fun story in elementary school read a book about a kid who gained a chocolate touch.
Wow this video was just Golden
Coincidentally, i just read my daughter "The Adventures of King MIdas" by Lynne Reid Banks, same author of the "The Indian in the Cupboard" series.
What's funny for me is it wasn't until reds dionysus video way back that told me this was a Greek myth. I thought was from medieval Europe or something cause the picture book we read in school (1st grade I think) depicted a typical medieval castle and such.
Love the Barns Courtney at the end.
Midas is the epitome of "I calculated the risk, but man I'm bad at math"
Pan Pipe Possy - what a great band name
He is an idiot and misfortune followes him. If kinda bad.
For Halloween special it's going to be The Count of Monte-Cristo like you promised?
Topical. Both freedom of speech and prevalation of finantial sector of economy over actual production.
Dionysus: You are either lying, or you are stupid!  Midas, on the brink of tears: I'm stupid, i'm stupid!
I like the Selinus drawing
Midas Greek king turned Firbolg
3:22 Thanks for the laugh - this is the funniest thing I've seen in ages!
There's a fairy tale based on the second story. Somewhere in the "Ireland" there was a king with donkey ears, he was ashamed of them, and killed each barber that cut his hair, until one time mother of soon-to-be-royal-barber begged to let her son live, and the king did. He whispered the secret to old willow. Unfortunately, later a bard made beg for his bass and when he played, the bass revealed the secret to everyone.  I wrote "Ireland" in quotes because the context make's in clear that it's not actually Ireland, but the author didn't wanted to criticise the authorities so blatantly.
Wasn't Aladdin's dad after Midas's hand on a stick or something?
lets goooo this is pure gold
Ass-plant has some strong nirn root energy
Hey Red are you gonna cover the Invisble Man for Halloween
WAIT EHAT. YOU CANT JUST LEAVE THE VIDEO AT THAT. WDYM ASS EARS. DID HE JUST LIVE LIKE THAT
"Well, well, well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions." -King Midas, probably
That song choice at the end is *GOLDEN*
Ok I was listening to this video and I was like this was awesome and then I heard red singing Glitter and Gold by Barns Courtney and proceeded to lose my shit bc Barns Courtney is one of my favorite singers ever and two of my favorite things just got combined so I am set for the week with serotonin
I could be wrong. But isn't there a irisch folktale about a king with donkey ear too? He gets a haircut every year by a different barber because he kills every barber who cuts his hair to keep it a secret. But there is one who he doesn't kill (I can't quite remember why) and that one promises to keep it a secret. But he has to tell someone or something and gets the advice to tell it to the grass or something. But they start repeating it and than everybody knows. I don't think the barber got killed though. I think everybody was fine with it and no barbers were killed anymore.
Æ
I was literally wondering when there'd be a OSP vid on King Midas earlier this week, spooky
I swear when I was a child I read a book that reskinned the second tale to be Chinese. Midas was an unnamed emperor, and he got the ears for being, pun intended, a jackass. That's proven when the barber, replaced with the emperor's closest personal servant, is threatened with a beheading if the word gets out. I don't remember the consequences of the singing reeds for the servant.  Clearly someone was padding their book and hedging his bets that editors wouldn't check his sources. Kids wouldn't.
First of all, YES! I've been WAITING for this one! Midas's Golden Touch is probably one of my favorite Greek myths ever.   Secondly, I had no idea about the donkey ears portion of his life, but now that I'm aware of it, I find it absolutely hilarious, hahaha XD  Thirdly, I am a little salty about the first time I heard this myth. I wasn't exactly told it was a Greek myth, just some story about a king, and they completely cut out Dionysus being a god. They instead replaced him with a genie. ...A GENIE. I don't know, it just makes me really upset that I was told the story as a child, but was completely mislead as to who was actually responsible for giving Midas his golden touch. XD
so... Midas's daughter was fridged?
So midas has his own cautionary tale... and then just happened to be nearby when the devil when down to georgia?
all things considered, midas got off pretty easy for an idiot in a myth
What's happening on Halloween?  Ray Bradbury?  Legend of Sleepy Hollow?  Phantom of the Opera?
Hang on, Nathaniel Hawthorn wrote something that isn't entirely depressing? With a completely happy ending?
Donkey Ears? Pan? Shakespeare rip-off Midas with Mid Summer Night Dream.
Whew. Well, could be worse for the king. He coulda invented the muffler for Apollo.
I love Apollo and Pan’s musical rivalry here
Midas kinda got screwed over since realistically he should still be able to eat and drink as long and only the cups and utensils would turn to gold. Still a bad idea but some form of flexible gold gloves might buy him some time to reconsider as well.
What the heck pan Midas throws you a bone and you don’t help him with those donkey ears dick move
👌🏻
I know this isn't the main focus of the video but................... Really liked glitter and bone, great voice Red😁
Yes! The Golden Touch was my favorite as a kid! I always loved the version where his daughter turns to gold
Great video as always, can't wait for the continuation of Journey to the West. 😋
Eww, Elektrum? No thanks.
What was the song at the end?
Interesting i threw Midas into Lava (God Of War: Ghost of Sparta) joke here
I guess you could say plants started as...an @$$hole
So Apollo said a roast so sick that literally happened and almost ruined someone's life.  Guys I think my wife is a dude and a god .
I didn’t know the gold touch myth and the donkey ears myth were connected so much. In the stories i was told when i was younger it was never mentioned. In the version of the myth i was told the hairdresser doesn’t whisper it in a hole but to a tree, which is then turned into a harp which is played at a feast, and the harp sings the story.
Thanks for this video.
I wanna hear about the Three Kingdoms or Saladin
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR ANOTHER PART TO THIS SERIES  FOR SO LONGGG
Didn't the monkey's paw kill the wishers son when he wished he'd come back from the war?
I like to think Midas could touch gold and collapse the universe by creating Gold squared.
I seem to recall an earlier version of the story where Midas, after capturing Selenus, tries to extract the meaning of life from him. Selenus ultimately replies that for mortals the best thing is to never have been born. Failing that, to die quickly and without much misery.
I was missing these!
A better idea would have been to wish for the power to fire a beam that turns things gold
I want the full version of red singing Glitter and Gold!
Humans in Greek mythology just exist to worship or defy the gods, there's no in-between or scale
Greek mythology headcannon, appolo beat pan so bad he faked his death and became hermies to hide.
I love those gossipy reeds spilling Midas' tea all over the place
All things considered, getting donkey ears is a pretty light punishment for pissing off a god in Greek Mythology.
Strangely this sounds like something Douglas Adams would write.
The Ted-Ed for this tale used a particular American President for Midas, and it’s delightfully salty.
So this myth has dionysus, pan AND apollo??? I am loving this so much. Also Midas is fn hilarious
I like how Midas getting donkey ears isn't even the result of a god getting angry and cursing him apollo was just like "damn thats a bad take he probably has donkey ears" and Midas get ass ears
Electrum is a gold-silver alloy? That explains a few things.
Loved the story, loved the lore, and ABSOLUTELY loved the song choice at the end!
GOLDFINGER!!! HE'S THE MAN!!! THE MAN WITH THE MIDAS TOUCH!!!
Pan plays pithy panpipes with his posse. Now, that's a mouthful.
I love this channel so much.
Pan pals. Hehe Also, digging a hole and speaking your secrets into it actually sounds incredibly therapeutic? I'm seriously considering that route for my next breakdown.
Awww the old satyr is kinda adorable. Then again so are most grandparents.
Ooh, barns courtney. Glitter and gold is one of my favourite songs. I didn't expect it to show up here.
Wow, I grew up with the "turns daughter to gold" version--I never heard the rest of this.
I love the way the gold color is integrated into this video. I’m also happy to see Dionysus and Pan again
Thanks. Now I know why King Midas in Night of the Full Moon is an anthropomorphic Donkey and what the deal with the Hairstylist in that same game comes from.
The other upshot of this myth is that Dionysis is one of the nicer greek gods and Apollo is, as ever, a jerk.
Hhhhhuhh... BARNES COURTNEY!!!!!
Huh, I always thought the daughter turning to gold was part of the original myth. You learn something new every day.  Also, I liked Kurzgesagt’s take on this topic.
Arachne: first time?
Been waiting for this
Midas is the gold standard in cautionary tales of how not to be an ass.
The glitter and gold song at the end is the most 2000 iq moment i have seen today, also had me laughing my ass of
A reed told me once: *Ο Μίδας έχει ώτα όνου...*
I want more adaptations that stick to Midas being a dumbAss (get it?), but otherwise more or less decent person ...
I've heard a variant of the pan pipes myth where I think the pipes were more a generic flute and it was cursed by either Athena or one of the Muses because the flute made her look silly when she played them. The guy who picked up the flute and would go on to make the blasphemous boast (because it was cursed to cause the person playing them to make bad decisions) wasn't Pan but just a generic Satyr and when Midas kept insisting that the Satyr was still the better player, Apollo decided to make a challenge to play their respecting instruments upside down. When the Satyr couldn't keep up and even Midas had to admit Apollo was the better player at that point, Apollo skinned the Satyr and turned into a drum set, before cursing Midas.
I remember reading a book when I was younger that was really close to the gold story. It was a little boy and instead of gold everything he touched turned into chocolate. His mother kissed his cheek and she turned into chocolate and he was horrified. I just think it's funny that I read a kids version of that exact story
Midas is just the living embodiment of "Well, well, well.. if it isn't the consequences of my own actions.."
who else remembers the Chocolate Touch as a kid
A+ song choice
I've been fantasising over Midas for months, I've made him a prominent charater in dnd. He basic this bad-ass caramel skin worrier only problem is the god cursed him an he has lost his wife. So we have smouldering hot majorly powerful bad-ass who hates gods.
Red has an awesome singing voice :)
good song!
More pins = better day!
just cut the reeds, uproot those snitches. Or maybe don't insult APOLLO, GOD OF MUSIC AND DRAMAQUEEN OF HIGH HELL!    also the moral of that second story sounds to me like "if you're a furry, insult apollo's music"
OMG SHE SUNG IIIIIIIT AHHHHHH
Those original stories are so chill and fun I'm smiling. Midas, bro to the chill gods with minor afflictions and shenanigans as a result. I dig it.
Love your take on Glitter and Gold at the end!!  Anyone else want Red to release an acoustic cover album?
One fun twist with the golden touch story is in Rick Riordan’s Heroes of Olympus. In the first book the gang meets Midas, who lives in a gold mansion and uses his golden touch for profit and sells gold to the public. When questioned why he both still has his golden touch and hasn’t learned a lesson, he comments that Apollo never said that the River would take away his golden touch, merely that it would reverse it. This means that whenever he needs to reverse the effects of his golden touch, he simply runs his hands through the river water near his house. Don’t know how true that wording is, but it’s a fun idea none the less
What's the song at 1:39?
I've noticed that in modern adaptations of King Midas's golden touch, we tend to retell the story as a cautionary tale about greed. Midas is no longer portrayed as an idiot, but rather a greedy king, as well as a neglectful father, who seems to value gold over his own daughter. It's only after he turns his daughter into gold when he realizes that gold in not as precious as her. I think there are also modern adaptations that require him to not only bathe in the river but also give up some/all of his wealth, like in Disney's version. This just goes to show how stories like this one can change over time, and I find that extremely fascinating. Thanks so much for the video, as always. I loved learning something new about this myth.
Excellent song choice for this video Red!  As usual!
Theres actual a movie about the ears. Forgot how its called though
i like that song you sing at the end there. very topical too
Midas, Appolo and donkey ears, Red singing my earworm of this month. This video has everything except that which will be on my test on Monday.
If he's a king wouldn't he just hire poeple to do everything for him
...be careful what you wish... ...it might come true...! ;-)
Was not expecting Glitter and Gold for an outro song, but it's a welcome addition!
Does Red have a Spotify?  She should
Glitter and gold is one of my favourite songs 😂
I loved the song she sang today
I say the daughter adds to the aseop of there are more precious treasures out there than material wealth. I know not being able to eat is well enough but the horror of kind of killing your loved one through greed is also saddening and scary.
Midas: “Well actually…” Apollo: “Hippity hoppity your ears are all floppity”
Seilenos- just sitting there not sorry. I love it
So, what you're saying is that if someone wears a turban, there's a possibility that he either has donkey ears or Voldemords face on his back head.
i am not trying to insalt you but FINALY
The world needs a tank top with the words "Pan Posse" on it
If I ever get a magical boon I'm wishing for a _selective_ Midas touch. I _can_ turn anything or anyone into gold, but only if I want to.  Also, in most versions I've read it was some other random satyr who challenges Apollo, and he gets flayed alive after the contest because Apollo is a petty bitch.
All things considered, considering this is the Greek pantheon, the paragons of pettiness, Midas got off pretty easy with the donkey ears
ALSO:... Could you do OVID'S THE ART OF LOVE?  I would love to see your take on his romantic advice😍
Only a NERD would check to see exactly *WHEN*  Midas' daughter turning into gold was referenced.
Whoa, wait really?  The "turned his family into gold statues" thing isn't in the original myth?!  ...Wow.  I learned something there today.  XD
Ah yes, the inspiration for Goldmember. HE LOVED GOLD!...and then he lost his genitalia in an unfortunate JO accident...but it was ok because he turned his winky into a key...which he would need 30 years later...to open the vault with the mystical secrets of jackass...which you would think he used to cure himself, but instead he used to create a brand new form of entertainment in Grecian theatre...one in which little people kicked themselves in the head and three or more grown men rode shopping carts off the roofs of houses...and the gods wept.
2:30 I see your Emperor's New Groove reference and I appreciate it. No touchy!
I like the idea that in ancient greece you couldn't even go for a walk in the woods without running into gods and mythical creatures up to shenanigans
Fools gold indeed
I can’t believe I never heard the part part about the reeds snitched on Midas. That’s Comedy Gold (pun intended)
I think Midas could just have been feed by his slaves.
Apollo is such a weird God and has so many random aspects: music, sun, plague, prophecy, art, and disease.
I swear I remember this version of the legend of King Midas I read as a kid that was expanded into a whole book. His journey to the river to get de-cursed was a whole epic quest where he teamed up with a baby dragon (??) and met a witch (I think?). I'm beginning to think I might have dreamed the whole thing....
In most version of the myth usually someone close to minias gets turn to gold. The Muppet theater had Kermit turn himself to with miss piggy being in distress
"He's got the Midas touch, but he touched it too much. Hey Goldmember, hey Goldmember."
The ears weren’t even a curse. Apollo was probably as surprised as anyone else it happened.
Gold - said the man to the many I want money and I'll make it grow I will count my worth in gold - wealth untold I'll sell my soul - Midas Man
I read different versions of Midas’s story for a LONG time before I knew it was Greek.   This is probably one of the best renditions I’ve ever seen.
AHHHHHH GLITTER AND GOLD
Dionysus knows a bad idea when hears one, then he does the bad idea anyway.
I love “Glitter and Gold” as the song for this one!
And thus the phrase "bury the truth"
There's an Irish myth called the king with horses ears too.
Today I learned I have a similar music taste to Red and I do not mind that at all
Omg I needed this video so bad... Ha I g a rough Friday at work
Red does a cover of glitter ad gold, my life is complete!
Got some sus Shakespeare vibes towards the end there
Yay
I thought Red was going to play doom music when Pan and Apollo were doing their music battle
I love that wide eyed Midas at the end XD
I didn’t know he had mor than one myth
"I told you once, you son of a goat, I'm the best that's every been"
Onegai Red Sensei could you make a video about Hecate
If anyone ever wants to read a grandly absurd twist on this myth, look up the the comic from Boom Studios, The Midas Flesh. From the creator of Dinosaur Comics and writer of Unbeatable Squirrel Girl, comes a riff of the golden touch with apocalyptic, cosmic consequence.
Love the video.
I'm with donkey ears. Apollo's music may have been technically correct but it lacked passion. Also more of a Louie Louie person than Mozart's Requiem.
You did not play gold by imagine dragons... I will accept it though beacuse you did play glitter and gold
midas gets off surprisingly scot-free all things considered
If you can't trust the ground to keep your secrets who can you trust?! Damn reeds damaging my faith in plant kind.
So just for the record, Greek Hero Fatal Flaws:  Bellerophon - Ego Heracles - Wrath Zeus - Horndog Agamemnon - Asshole Midas - Dumb  Midas not looking too shabby here.
DANG THIS STORY HAD SO MANY MORE TWISTS THAN I WAS EXPECTING
"a beautiful rustic melody" *dubstep rages in the background*  God I love all the work put into these videos.
Just want to say two things “I’m nut” and loved the cover at the end, wish you’d done the vocalisation at the end of that bar though 😭
The part where he turns his daughter to gold is actually a really good addition to the story. It ads real tragedy to the story and humanises Midas as he values her more than all the gold one could want.
I did not expect to hear red singing one of my favorite songs today but I am not complaining!
Where is the chanel who has red's full cover
he literally planted a rumor this is great lmao
I once read a version where the river Pactolus had dried up. Midas had to go to the literal mouth of the river, which I think was portrayed as a literal mouth, like a stone head, and find out why. The head told him in a scratchy voice that its throat was dry and that was why the water wasn't flowing. I think Midas had to go find a magic lozenge to feed to the mouth, at which point the water started flowing again.  I must have read this book over 20 years ago and I've never been able to find it since. I hold out hope I'll rediscover it, and it's not just something I imagined or combined with an unrelated story.
Midas: The #1 Satyr fanboy
Anyone else remember the truly tragic Skittles commercials? Where everything that poor guy touched turned into a beautifully arranged mass of skittles for an instant before clattering to the floor.
What I don't get is that if the food and water turnt to gold when he tried to eat it with his mouth, then why didn't the air he tried to breath turn to gold?  If it's not exclusive to his hands, why did his clothes not turn into a heavy suit of gold? Would the entire planet or just the layers of dirt under his feet turn to gold?  Or of course maybe they just didn't have silverware in Ancient Greece, and he never thought of using something like it.   Wouldn't surprise me, he doesn't seem like the shiniest nugget in the mining pan.
Red covering Glitter and Gold is all I needed today
Pleaaaaaaase talk about Inca mythology
Hermitcraft S1 & Jeff The Minion
Ooo a barns Courtney song
And you've answered half my prayers! Dionysus you sweet drunk boi your pin is coming home!
I’ve been the dungeon master of a 5 year game and pretty early on I introduced king midas as a warden for a supermax prison. Essentially he had learned to weaponize his gold touch and could give himself a temporary blessed golden skin form that gave him the strength of a gold dragon. My players still really like the 6’10 super jacked old warden king Midas that I made which is a big contrast from his personality in his actual story.
** Pan vs. Apollo **  "It's a flute-off!"
I love how Midas wasn't even looking for the gods in these stories, they just showed up in the middle of his down time. XD
Okay, I was today-days-old when I found out that the folk tale I grew up with, The Prince With Donkey Years, is probably just an iteration on Midas's tale (2nd on the video). Thats neat!
The origin of the hairdresser/ busy body trope... golden.
THE GLITTER&GOLD AT THE END JUST MADE MY DAY. Thank you💖
It would not surprise me if the story of Midas having donkey ears was meant as an insult to an actual king somewhere that got very popular in the retellings.  Much like how Gulliver's Travels was political commentary when it was first published and is now a beloved children's classic story.
I first learned of King Midas through a claymation short. I am shocked that pretty much everything from that short is non-canon.
There’s a midas oedipus joke, it’s mother fucking gold
The story of the touch of gold was my favorite as a child
I mean, isn't dropping it on your mom "exactly* how the Cursed Monkey Paw would respond to "I wish for a piano"?
the gold guy!!!!!!!1
Fun fact:  according to some, in the Apollo vs. Pan concert, both are pretty well matched until Apollo decides to play behind his back. Pan can't do this and subsequently looses
Iirc there was a retelling of the Hawthorne version of the Midas tale where instead of him being a king who loves gold, he’s a kid who loves chocolate. It was horrifying to read that story as a kid but it kind of works better with the character as a child.
The interactions with the gods in this video are so cute. X3 This has definitely solidified the story of Midas as one of my favorites. A funny, dumb agreement with the gods that actually turns out okay in the end? Yes please!
I imagine Pan's solo being like Ian Anderson flute solo in Locomotive Breath. Meanwhile Apollo plays Stairway. Providing all the parts himself.
Real talk, it was an unusually cool move by Dionysus to kindly not include “air” in the things Midas could turn to gold
What's the track that plays at 1:25?
and to top it off with an amazing glitter and gold cover!!!
of course Nathaniel Hawthorne was the dude who penned the _and he turned his own daughter to gold_ thing, the gloomy-ass Romantic bastard
Would you do a video about Hera and Zeus?
Once again poor Midas. Lol
Bro got to almost become his fursona I would kill to insult Apollo like that
Without the daughter and with the snitching plants, this story is actually Hilary🤣
2:37 ...is that a jojo reference... noooo...
I’m surprised that “Golden touch” isn’t a Dionysian boon in the game, Hades
The reeds thing is probably why whispering into holes is not recommended
I never knew Midas' daughter wasn't canon. The more you know.
That's why we read the manual.
The problem with most monkey's paw wishes is that they involve the creation of a new physical object or the getting an object from somewhere. That tends to involve consequences. Better plan is to either wish for repairing broken objects or otherwise rearranging things you already own, or asking for an idea or information or skills. Not that a malevolent genie couldn't find some way to, say, turn your new expertise in go-cart repair into a curse where you feel compelled to turn EVERYTHING into a go-cart; but assuming a genie who's not trying to fuck you over, you're less likely to get into trouble with repairs and ideas and the like.
Wasn't this Midas also one of the judges of spirits in the underworld?
Story concept: Pygmalion and his wife Galatea is visited by a very distraught Midas, who sports a pair of locked, golden spheres around his hands. He comes to beg for the secret of how you make ivory come alive, and if you can fo the same thing with a golden statue.
It's funny you mention that comparison with the monkey paw at the end because that's kinda what happens in the story. The guy with the monkey paw wishes to be rich and his son dies on an accident that left him with a lot of money as compensation.
I had no idea about the second half of that story and now I can’t breathe ohmyfuckinggod
Song at the end?
Glitter and Gold is a nice song choice for the outro
Name of closer song, please?
The queen has returned
Darn, I was hoping Red would sing “Gold” by Imagine Dragons for the credits. Too on the nose?
Version errybody knows: tragic irony OG: wacky hijinks  …I gotta admit. Not sure which version I like better.
I wonder if there is a way to modify the wish so that it doesn't have a downside like everything i tap twice with my pinky finger turns to gold
Let this be as lesson, kids. When making wishes, be very, VERY careful with your phrasing 😅
hey babe new myth dropped
_Me: has this song come up randomly for the first time on Spotify last week, adds it to my playlist cause its neat_ _Red: covers it for this video_ _Me:_ SpooOOooky
I remember learning about this myth from Between the Lions. They had a funny version of the story with puppets, and they portrayed Midas as a sweet old dude, but, in their words, "Kinda kooky"
Midas: *has an ability that would reduce the value of gold and thus crashing any form of trade where gold is standard*  Mansa Musa: *"I see you brother"*
Am I the Only One that thought Apollo was making a jojo reference?
Me: Why does it say I’ve never watched this? I must have- OH MY GOD(S) A NEW UPLOAD!!
Wow, Pan's skin didn't even get turned into a Drum from his rock-off with Apollo. Definitely some nice perks to being the goat god instead of an idiot satyr like Marsyas
Is no one gonna mention how adorable Selenus looks the whole time, like a big pampered cat at Midas' party
This was the perfect oportunity to put "Golden touch" at the outro
Thank you so much for the tracklist!!!!!!!
Dionysus was pretty decent about the whole thing - sure, the gift was intended as a nice gesture, and it turning into a curse was definitely against the intention, but certain gods would have taken Midas's fate as no more than he deserved for ignoring their warnings that he was being stupid and left him to live with his decisions (for maybe a week before dying of thirst).  As for Apollo v Pan, there's a phenomenon in art (across every field I'm aware of) where those skilled in the field value different aspects of a work than the layman - there's a big difference between what you'd hear at Glastonbury and what you'd hear at the Royal Opera House. There's amazing music out there that, for those who know what they're listening to is absolutely stunning, but to most people is just noise because it's crafted to appeal to the cognoscenti, without consideration of mass appeal.
Can't wait to see your Halloween special this year. I'm hoping it's either an overview of the holiday itself, or some myths about werewolves.
The thumbnail reminds me of Old Man Marsh (from the Lovecraft video) showering himself in gold with “Man in the Mirror” by Michael Jackson playing in the background. What is it with old men in power and gold-related dark magic?
"Oh the song she'll use will probably be Gold by Imagine Dragons since it's literally referencing Midas" *Glitter and Gold* "...ah yes"
You know, the easiest fix to the modus touch is to specify anything you touch with your hands, so long as there's no gold covering them. Then just, wear gloves. Gold is malleable, and if thin enough gloves are used, won't break, but won't put up too much of a fight. This man just needed 11 more words and this wouldn't have happened. Now the better solution to wanting money is to ask to be perpetually legally rich, as defined by the nation I'm in without ruining the economy of said nation. This alone is overkill, as it solves the root problem of wanton gold, being that you need money on short notice, as now I'll always be rich, always have an abundance of money given I use it properly and not buy 100 houses full of expensive cars... although if I blow it up, the prices drop, therefore more money... I think I just solved being an influencer by accident, as budget wouldn't be an issue anymore... huh.
Gold is actually safe to eat. It is generally nonreactive and is not absorbed by digestion processes. It has no nutritional or health benefits. None, except for the better food it can buy.
They didn’t have gloves in Ancient Greece?
Fun fact: according to chapter 274 of Hyginus's Fabulae, Midas was the son of Cybele, a Phyrgian mother goddess of mountains and the wilderness, and Gordias, of the Gordian knot fame; in other versions, she is Midas's consort. Cybele was syncretized by Greek colonizers of western Anatolia with Hellenic mother goddesses such as Gaia, Demeter, and, most, frequently, Rhea, due to Cybele's associations with lions. Some historians hypothesize that Cybele may in turn be based on Neolithic statues from around 6000 BCE of women believed to be portraying a fertility goddess of some sort, such as the Seated Woman of Catalhoyuk. Later on during the Roman Empire, Cybele was Latinized as Magna Mater (Great Mother).
It finally happened I'm somewhat earlier
Nathaniel Hawthorne also adapted a myth from India into the story "Rappaccini's Daighter". It's a good read and deals with some of the same themes as The Scarlet Letter but in kind of a sci-fi horror sort of way.
Red singing cured ills I didn't even knew they existed.
man thank goodness for the story of Midas now I'll make to never tell the ground my secrets, ain't no reeds gonna tell on me
I love Silenus, he’s so tubby and satisfied with all the trouble he causes
I'm stuck in Denver Airport I'm so glad you uploaded today it made my crappy day a little better
Midas is a famous story where I m from idk how famous it is in the usa but I knew it as a 5yo
I never expected to hear a Barns Courtney song in one of these.  Awesome
Moral of the story, if you see gods having a competition, run the other direction
If there's one thing I've learned from Greek mythology it's to think before you speak.
What's really ironic and interesting, if you whisper "Midas has ass's ears" it sounds remarkably similar to the sound reeds make when the wind blows through them.  Unsure if that still works in the original Greek, but if so, that's a fascinating explanation as to why reeds make that sound.
Where is my album of every song red has song at the end of a video
I'm honestly surprised by Midas overall chillness... I was expecting more of a greedy/crazy king, instead he was a goofy and benevolent king... But not the smartest one...
Music choices are amazing as always⭐ Especially Britney Spears and Barns Courtney at the end❤
Big respect for singing Glitter and Gold at the end there. Great video as usual!
"King Midas of Fridgia" Like in... fridge for cooling food?
Silenus could absolutely be played by jack black
This story is one of the older pay attention to the terms of service stories
I was telling someone about yalls awesome videos and went to show them the channel and saw a new video! best surprise!
Love the connection to the Barns Courtney song
I love the fact that Midas could have had it all if he had just included two words in his wish.   At will
YES NEW VIDEO
Responding to the final comments of the video, in the story of the monkey's paw (*SPOILER WARNING*) it gives the couple the money and kills their son, so... Mida's daughter dying would be pretty par for the course
I had no idea the daughter thing was a later addition! I like this story a lot more now lol
For Dr. Smith, it was platinum and he managed to turn Penny Robinson into the metal  Classics are classics.
Dude, I'm modernising this myth in a uni project, perfect timing! We're going to make the new gold created crash the market and turn Midas into a Boris Johnson-esq buffoon.
Courtney's Glitter and Gold and the end lmaooooooooo
AMAZING song choice!
internet historian made a vid on this, very entertaining would recomend to watch
I mean, really, if you get involved in a competition between two Greek gods, donkey ears is the *best* outcome you can hope for
I’d always assumed Midas was a massive jerk, but he seems like a nice enough guy.
Love that song at the end.
Hey the second Midas story is quite popular here in Serbia only for some reason the character in question is Emperor Trajan who according to that particular story was born here with goat ears everything else is beat for beat exact
The second one reminds me of an Irish tale where the there's a king with donkey ears that only his barber knows about. His barber tells said secret to a willow tree. Eventually a musician comes along and had to play for the King. He cuts down the willow tree and turns it into a lyre or a harp. When he plays it it starts to sing loudly about the King's donkey ears. I can't rmeber if this is what actually happened but I think the king started laughing at this and stopped hiding his ears because of it.
Thank you for the video.
What song was she singing at the end?
Dionysus evading Midas and saying, “WHOA, NO TOUCHY!!” made me cackle
Hey I know those 2 stories, but never knew they were about the same dude. Interesting times.
I was not expecting Red to sing Glitter & Gold, but boy am I happy :D!
Midas: Exists Fortnite: Its Free Real Estate
The song at the end had its tempo jacked up a LOT, it’s usually about half that fast, but Red’s singing is phenomenal as always so I don’t mind
Brilliant song choice
id probably go with Pans music over Apollo too XDD love the vid!
I love the way you tell these myths, it adds some level of character them
My favorite version of these myths happened in the other order, which provides the amusing detail that when Dionysus offers Midas a boon, Midas currently have donkey ears. Provides and extra level to Dionysus's "are you *SURE* that's what you want to wish for?" that I really liked. I have no idea if that's an original variation or a later twist though
ME LOVE U
The story of the monkey hand and others should provide lessons for everyone. You are supposed to think a little deeper.
Snitches get stitches, next time I see a bunch of reeds I’m going in for my homie Midas.
So Midas jumping in the river is also the backstory on why Croesus of Lydia had so much moolah.
Fun linguistic fact, from Pactolus came the word "pactole" in French, which means jackpot, or more generally a huge heap of money.
NOT THE GLITTER AND GOLD COVER AT THE END!!!! 🤩🤩🤩
Whos midas is he from Fortnite? The gold guy?
I'm actually happy to hear that the daughter turned to gold version of the story isn't true. It always made me very depressed
So were the donkey body parts just a thing, or can a line be drawn directly from that Midas/Apollo bit to Bottom's fate in Midsummer Nights Dream?
Oooh!  King Midas!  One of my favorite stories about greed and why you shouldn't be so greedy!  Awesome video!
Everyone's on about the gold puns while I'm swooning over two seconds of Hellsing OVA 8 trailer from over a decade ago.
Midas should have worn gloves... there is pure gold clothing that it flexible and the curse only works if you touch the SKIN of Midas' HANDS... A Pair of Gloves would have helped... As, for me; I'm more of a Silver Type...
Hey I’m surprised he didn’t touch himself with golden touch
In Irish mythology, there was a similar story where Rí Loura laoir (somethin like that)had asses ears and every time he got his hair cut, he would behead his barber. Then there was one barber who had enough time to tell some nearby reeds (as you do on a normal Tuesday evening) and then every time the wind blew through the reeds they would say 'King Loura Laoir has asses ears' blahdy blah, you know the drill
Thank you for making this I love it
Odd, I remember the wishbone episode on Midas saying his follower was definitely “not drunk”
I'm surprised this video wasn't already made in the past already, being such a common myth
When can we get more monkey kink
“Oh y’know it grew some reeds that whispers Midas’s secret” >Refuse to elaborate further >Ends video
Talk about a myth taking a sharp left turn. I was honestly expecting Midas to try to 'Nope' right on out when Pan and Apollo did their music duel, considering what happened the last time he met a god. But then I remembered this is Greek mythology and 'learned my lesson' is almost never a part of that. Though Apollo was an ass for punishing him just for liking the sound of pipes over that of the lyre (I'm 100% projecting a reason onto Midas here).
Aaaaah yeah, My favorite myth! Midas is such a bro and an idiot, Id love to just hang out with him post curse
Apollo literally cast vicious mockery
I mean, let's be fair to Midas here, getting a boon from Dionysus is quite the *Golden* opportunity...
Since I haven't heard any explanation of the reed parts at the end, I'd like to hypotize that it's basically parents Greeks explaining children of why reeds making weird sound when the wind blows.
Ayyyy i was talking about this myth yesterday! What r the odds
dhwqjildhuwil I STARTED RE WATCHING HELLSING ULTIMATE AND I'M HEARING THE SOUNDTRACK IN THE VIDEO AND I'M GOING AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The last part where he’s in the woods sounds similar to a Midsummer Night Dream
Apollo: "Heh, your music taste is ASS." Midas: *gains donkey ears*
That glitter and gold cover immediately flashed me back to the best mcu edit I've ever seen in my life
My first exposure to this myth was a novelization of the Wishbone episode around it, and it integrated *all four* of the details/variations. ^^
ok, but "red sings barns courtney" is a genre i can get behind
Interesting how both stories have Midas favor wild gods.
An other fun fact about the river Pactolus : there's a French idiom "Toucher le Pactole" (rough ranslation : to touch the Pactolus) wich means winning a huge amount of money or something great that is worth a lot of money.
I am shocked to find out that the turning his daughter to gold is add later by an American. It's fit in just so well to be honest as things add to mythology does not unlike this daughter to gold thing.
My absolute favorite part of this video was Glitter and Gold at the end, which now that I think about it is pretty accurate. Well done
Great song choice for this one. Love that one.
Hearing Barns Courtney at the end was a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
I wonder what Pan thought about this
Well I love these videos
I never knew that Midas' daughter was a later edition. I was originally planning making a comment on her being the golden child but oh well.
Compared to other myths Midas got off very lightly. He's still alive and only somewhat disfigured
LoL, I didn't know that the turning people to gold came waaaaaaay later.  Fun video! The reeds part is too funny
Was that a Jojo reference?and Barnes Courtney?
Glad as always with your work Red
Reds singing at the end of these are underrated
The point of the Midas story is that bling and money is not enough to feed yourself on. The reason why the daughter twist became so popular is because it adds the equally valuable lesson that living people and emotional bonds are more important than material possessions.
Apollo went down to Greece, 'cause he had a score to settle...
I wondered when you'll make this one Hurra
I wish I knew what the barber said in Greek.  I also thought this video would end with "Shiny"
Why would you hide donkey ears? They're so cute. The ladies dig donkey ears big time.
Anyone else always get him confused with King Minos?
So thats where the fairytale abou emperor Trajan comes from, except that Trajan would kill his barbers that noticed the goat ears and that people made pipes from those reeds that grew which said "emperor Trajan has goat ears" Moral of the story: you can't hide anything, even the ground is a snitch
0:55 I don't know if this is a play on to what happened with Smashmouth a week and a half ago, but this is funny!
Hah, Glitter and Gold. Excellent choice of end song
Yo there gonna be a Halloween special this years? 👀
Barns Courtney's song at the end! Red is a cultured internet being
I remember the story about seamstress being advised by witch to go tell her secrets, also about the king, into a hole in the willow. I never knew it was somehow related to Midas.
im lagging in real life its so good
2:33 in the story I read it wasn't Pan but a tree spirit.
"Well well well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions"  -Midas probably
Missed opportunity to sing Imagine Dragon's "Gold" at the end
It would be really cool if you covered the story of Saint Li Ban Muirgen, Ireland’s first and only mermaid saint!
Plot twist, the oxygen in King Midas's lungs turns to gold dust and suffocates him.
"We need more plants like this" Yes, yes we do
Funny, I first heard of that part with the donkey ears in a book about breton folktales, so that's interesting  Also thanks for teaching me the true meaning of Ass's ear, I thought it was literally ass when I tried to draw the demon Valefor
I’m just gonna wish i have Telekinesis Because most people underestimate but it’s actually very overpowered if you use it correctly
I just realised, being a part of one of the gods possies must rock.  They never really have anything bad happening to them and they just get to hang out and party with the gods all they want.  The god you chill with actually cares about you and goes out of their way to help you out and look for you if you aren't around, which is more than the gods even do for each other.   Your god got your back and you are pretty much as safe as you can be from getting cursed or murdered because harming you in any way is gonna cause whoever messed with you the immediate wrath of your god bro.   Sounds like a blast.
Something I always loved about the Midas story is that although it’s usually seen as a parable against greed or being careful what you wish for in reality it’s just an explanation for how the gold got in that river
Wanna know something weird? Most adaptations of King Midas I've seen took place in a medieval Europe setting. The only adaptation I saw that showed the story in Greece was one done by The Muppets.
I think the story of King Midas was the first story I ever read from the Greek mythos
That plant’s like the evil twin of Henry Crabgrass.
crabgrass, thou betrayeth me
This brings up old confusions about the Midas car repair company. Like who thought that “trust the Midas touch” was a good slogan? Obviously the company is still around, so they’re doing fine. But personally I was always turned off by the name BECAUSE of the myths of King Midas.
The horrible thing about Fortnite is that my brother thinks Midas is just a Fortnite skin and not the guy from Greek mythology. For shame, for shame.
Am I the only one who really wants stories with dionysus like when he turned all those people into dolfans or is it just me?
I never knew the daughter thing was a recent addition. Also I love that you sang Glitter and Gold, seriously, all of these ending covers just make me want the full versions.
If I could plants to say anything when the wind blows, it would probably just be 'ass'. So that way, whenever that plant is around, the wind would be blowing asses.
I love kurtkazat(in a nutshell I can't remember how to spell in German) take on Misuse. It doesn't end well.
Funnily enough, Midas was talked about on GameTheory and MatPat said something something Hades something something modern people wouldn't know Midas.
Imagine Midas and Medusa meeting
1:25 Dionysus: [concern] Midas: maniacal laughter     Silenus: drunk uwu
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
The later "turn daughter into gold" version doesn't seem random to me. It seems like another consequence of his wish. Everything not only includes your own children as well as food and drink.
The daughter part was a late addition? I didn't know that, I guess it's like the wendigo deer skull head or Dracula dying in sunlight where it's been forced into all retellings becuase it's so iconic.
THE DOOT DEVICE
In one version of the music competition the satyr was not Pan but was a musician. The satyr found a flute cursed by Athena (the flute made her look stupid when she played it) and boasted he was better than Apollo. The first round of the competition Apollo wins but Midas sides with the satyr. Apollo then turned his lyre upside down and dared the satyr to do the same. The satyr lost, and Apollo skinned him and turned him into a drum. The end for Midas was the same as the video.
At school I was told the midas and gold myth but instead of Dionysos granting the wish it was the ArchAngel Gabriel for some reason. My school wasn't even a church school they just thought we couldn't handle paganism or something
2:38 did...did you just say "zorps"?  😶
Whispers secret to plant Plant: *AAAAAAAAAAAAAA*
Heracles struggles due to being hated by Hera. Odysseus struggles due to curses from the gods. Atalanta struggles to gain respect for her abilities due to being a woman. Midas struggles cause he’s an absolute dumbass.
I'm a little surprise Midas' clothes didn't turn to gold.
Wonderful song choice at the end.
Man I just remembered kurzgesagt's video after seeing this.
this channel is the only reason I learned about myths and legends, and the only reason imma pass English
King Midas: Historical Himbo
What’s the outro song?
At least he didn't turn himself to gold like Kermit the Frog did.
I love the musical outros.
I already know whole story yet here I am to listen Red's roasts and smart analysis
I never knew I needed to hear Red sing glitter & gold until it happened, damn I want a full cover of that  🤣
So, most of this was mythological propaganda wasn't it?  This smacks of one group of people using mythological figures to take shots at a leading figure.
Alright, new Glitter and Gold cover, time for someone to make another AMV.
Red covering Barnes Courtney was all I ever wanted.
Tangentially related, Apollo sounds like a interesting dnd villain.
Oh, i actually never saw a version where king Midas doesn´t petrify himself in gold, without a really weird exception where some kid cartoon way back then made King Midas and Tistou of the green thumbs meet and Tistou nulifies Midas touch with his green touch
TBF maybe Midas was just scared that Pan might end up like that poor bastard Marsyas
I’ve been waiting for this one
Does anyone know the name of the track that starts around 1:39?
I actually know the song she sang in the end woah!
And yet I'm supposed to trust the midas touch?! What is wrong with advertising firms? Don't they know their myths?!
"known for being very dumb" "it will be 100% his fault" Red, I know what my life is like, tell me about King Midas
As cool and dramatic as the daughter thing is I say we should keep Midas a purely comedic character.
I remember “Aladdin and the King of Thieves” had the Hand of Midas, turned everything to gold, including the villain and a ship that some of the remaining 40 thieves are on. Guess what metal is not even a little bit buoyant? Gold!  Also, the Voyage of the Dawn Treader had an island with a pool of water that did the same thing. Caspian, Edmund and Lucy saw one of the Lords of Narnia at the bottom, and they almost fought over the island until Aslan stepped in and said they’re being idiots, and Caspian named the island Deathwater
Please do Beavis and Butt-Head Misc myths. Legends.
I was worried for Pan when Apollo challenged him to a musical duel. The last time Apollo got into a musical duel with a satyr it...didn't turn out so well for the satyr in question... RIP Marsyas.
Well that last part is interesting. I had a book when I was a kid that had a bunch of short stories. One of which was "The Rajah's Ears" about a dude in India with big ears that he covered with a big hat. He couldn't take it anymore so went into the forest and whispered his secret to the trees. Shortly after he orders a big party, to cheer himself up or something, and orders the court musician people to go into the forest, get wood to make brand new instruments, and play for him at the party. So off they go into the forest, and chop down the trees the rajah whispered to. At the party, the wooden isntruments are played, and start to sing "the rajah's got big ears" and unable to hide it anymore, the rajah decides "fuck it" and whips off his hat and has a big eared dance. Had no idea someone just ripped off the legend of Midas lol
For a king who loves gold, Midas has no understanding of WHY gold is valuable. If you're gonna become a source of infinite gold, the value of gold is going to plummet due to inflation. And then you're hungry not because your food turned to gold, but because you can't afford to buy food with your worthless gold.
Sick outro
All he had to do for the wish to be fine would specify “every metal” or “every rock” the key to safe wishes is to be extremely specific
(Response to your note in the credits) But a king's (or anyone's) bad judgement DOES hurt others in real life. So I think the daughter getting hurt is very fitting. It is interesting that it wasn't part of the original.
3:39 Ah yes, the Gossip plant. Going to be a night where all of them mysteriously catch fire, just you wait.
Red are you sick? If so, feel better homie
Fun little side note, Midas and his golden touch as well as the cure showed up in the four episode cartoon show called Siegfried and Roy: Masters of the Impossible, and yes it's about THAT Siegfried and Roy..the stage magicians that had the magic show and white tigers. Siegfried is an illusionist and Roy is an animal tamer traveling with a white tiger named Manticore. They meet in a kingdom where four demons have recently been released, three of them are personifications of sins and tempt members of the royal court to give in to their vices while the fourth is actually part of Manticore. Roy wishes to make Manticore whole and works with Siegfried to this end while they also try to save the kingdom from the other three demons, which they accomplish using their own brand of magic. Midas has his little problem with the golden touch, due to the demon of greed tempting and actually possessing him and Siegfried and Roy must go to the river Pactolus and bring back some of the water to turn his daughter back from a gold statue and for him to drink to cure his curse and expunge the demon of greed. The river is guarded by Grindle, his mother who eats gold and Medusa. Also..there's a time limit cause Siegfried and Roy BARELY manage to get a container of the stuff before the river loses all it's magical properties and turns to stone because of Medusa...or something like that..I just remember Grendal, his mother and the river turning to stone. It was a LOOOONG time ago..I had it on VHS, you can find it on Youtube though it's broken up into parts.
Anyone else first hear about Midas getting his curse from a generic wizard?
Do a video on Frank Herbert's Dune!
When you're worst then the god of álcool in taking decisions, is time to re-think your life choices
**whispers** _Midas has ass's ears._  Pass it on.  And also try saying it five times, fast.
Was...Was that Barns Courtney's Glitter & Gold? Damn, you don't hear his stuff often in the wild.
When your burn is so sick it warps reality
So...The OG Myth is that Midas is just unlucky and dumb not an asshole like other versions makes him appear   I'm so sorry for ever hating on you dude
Oh boy we made it to goldy boy
Midas basically has the maturity of a child in the intellectual sense.
yea yea midas and all that bUT RED KNOWS BARNS COURTNEY WHICH IS PERFECT BECAUSE HIS SONGS ARE PERFECT FOR HER VOCAL RANGE HI HELLO THIS IS THE BEST dAY OF MY LIFE
Huh, didn't know the tale of the king with donkey ears was actually a follow-up of Midas' myth. I've always heard that story as children's tale set in the medieval times of a king who had been searching for a barber capable of keeping a secret because apparently all the other barbers couldn't keep the secret and because of that they, well, wouldn't be able to tell any other secrets, if you catch my drift. Upon seeing the king had donkey ears and knowing he couldn't tell anyone, otherwise he'd be sleeping with the fishes, the barber found it increasingly more difficult to keep it in so he was told by someone to tell it to the earth since the ground doesn't speak, so he did and everything was fine and dandy.... Until one day a friggin tree began to grow out of the same place he had whispered the secret and a woodworker decided to chop the tree to make instruments, particularly flutes, and every time someone tried to play the flute all you could hear was the guy's voice coming from the flute saying "THE KING HAS DONKEY EARS" and everyone around the kingdom suddenly knew. I dunno what happened to the barber and the king though since that's all I can remember from the story.
The man is an absolute joke and I love it.
the only reason I know about midas is the muppets
I can see why that dude added the daughter twist, the OG myths feel like they stray way to far from the original thematic point
There's also apparently a Japanese version of the King Midas donkey ears myth that's exactly the same but with different names, which I think is very interesting
When the god of drunken revelry questions your judgment...
Yes, folks, that's right: Midas turning his daughter into gold is NOT canon
I want a sticker of tipsy Silenus. So cute.
Excellent choice of closing tune, both thematically appropriate and suited to your voice!
I just love how accurate the ending song is for this episode
Omg Red doing fire at the end made my day!!!
For some reason I never found out the ending of Midas story. I think I thought he touched himself and was a golden statue forever.
Yay!!! New video!!
My understanding is that in most versions of the tale, King Midas wasn't an idiot. He just lusted after gold (aka greedy in modern versions) and, like a lot of us who are suddenly presented with a unique opportunity, didn't think the matter through. Imagine if Jeff Bezos appears in front of you and said, "I will make ONE WISH for you to come true", how many of us (besides D&D players bitten one too many times by a Monkey Paw DM, and lawyers) is going to spend more than three seconds thinking about it before naming a wish. Most of us would probably blurt out "I wish to be rich" without even thinking of how that could possibly go sideways. (If you want to know how that can possibly go sideways, just take a peek at "Big lottery prize winners".)  I also like how this is one of the few stories where a god is granting a genuinely honest boon without trying to curse the recipient. In most Greek stories where a god "rewards" someone, it's definitely to fuck with that person in some way. (Remember, Dionysus is KNOWN for having his followers rend at least two kings to death.) And he's like, "Are you sure? Do you want some time to think this through?" But it's not a Greek tale if it doesn't involve our old pal, Hubris.  This is the first time I heard the story of Dionysus's dad coming in front of King Midas. All the tellings I've heard were just of King Midas and Dionysus being buds, and Dionysus decides to just drop this gift in Midas's lap. I like this telling much better.
I would love to see a miscellaneous myths video about hephaestus similar to the ones about Dionysus and Hermes one day. He is a really cool character that way to often gets treated as "guy who makes things"
Lovely, Red!  That rich contralto is such a pleasure to hear!
Fresh OSP!!!
I'm actually surprised looking back that y'all didn't do this before. Not that I'm mad I'm just shocked considering how much Greek you have covered.
I heard a version where the barber dug the hole at the riverbank, the reeds were picked by a musician scheduled to play for Midas, then the instrument started blaring the secret to the entire party when played.
mythology is always such a trip. I mean, where else are you gonna get plants that nark on you
I know why she hasn't released full covers but gods her voice is so pretty
Axolotls.
But wasn't there a myth about Apollo having a competition, losing and Apollo (totally rationally) skins his opponent alive?
There's an Irish myth that's quite similar about a king called Labhraidh Loingseach (Lowry Lynshoch) who had horses ears. Every year he sent for a barber to give him a haircut and then has the barber executed. Except for that one year he didn't, oops.
Red covering Glitter and Gold: what I never knew I desperately needed this Friday
TIL electrum isn't something dnd made up
Finally electrum had a purpose
That story about Apollo and Pan reminds me of a slightly different myth I’ve heard also about Apollo and a satyr. In that myth, the satyr is just a lowly satyr, and after boasting about and thusly losing to Apollo in a musics contest, Apollo kills the idiot and uses his skin to make the first drum.
Isnt Midas also the man who angered the gods and his wife became the mother of the Minotaur??
2:40 You know this is actually the first time I remember a named character on the sidelines in one of these god vs hubris stories. "Midas was there too. Just chillin' under a tree."
Dionysus sounds like a jerk. "Thanks for taking care of my dad." "This is a bad wish, I could warn you. But, deals a deal."
are those plants edible?
I was literally listening to glitter & gold (the song at the end) right before watching this video-
Yo
That second story reminds me of Marcyas
Moral of Midas’s story…..Be careful what you wish for…..other wise your Gold might turn to stone.
I like how these versions are just gentle lessons. Everyone else ends in death or golden daughter, or some horrible punishment, but Midas just had to take a bath and wear a hat and he was good. Just silly punishments.
How have I never heard the ass ears story before? Like, seriously, when Red said there were TWO myths Midas was known for, I was like "Wait, what? As in more than one?"  Side note, I had a character in a now scrapped story I was writing named Nathaniel Hawthorne. I thought I'd made that name up, but I guess I'd heard it before and subconsciously dug it up because it sounded right?
Glitter and gold is the perfect soung choice!
Wow, that is a short one, half of the video and Midas already got the curse lift...  ...wait a minute...  There is half of a video yet!  Ow fuck!
Fun fact, a "Pactole" means a big old lot of money in old french slang
Hooray more OSP! 🤩
Does anyone remember The Chocolate Touch? Totally forgot till just now.
I love how Pan plays rave music
I love Red's singing it's so calming
Amazing video thank you
"my music is better than Apollo's"is one of the things you should never said in the greek myths, alongside with "i'm prettier than Aphrodite!" And "if Athena wants me to shup up so badly, she should come here and make me!".  Also, i always tough is curious that this myths is so similar to the myth of Marsyas, is almost the same myth with the diference that Pan doesn't die and that Midas doesn't have any involvedment in Marsyas myth. Other than that is the same myth with Apollo having a battle with a satyr-like being who thinks he is better at music than him. I wonder if the original myth is the one with Marsyas and people over time changed it to Pan since it was more interesting that way.
If Midas is this dumb, would he count as a himbo?
Midas getting fucked just by sharing his opinion is something everyone needed to hear, for diferent reasons, ofc
I love how this mitho Is pretty much Just Midas beeing a fool and Everyone else either making fun of him or Trying to warn him. Surprised the daughter of Gold was made later on, It fit greek mithology really well
I was so sad the song cover wasn’t “Champagne Problems”. The bridge would have been PERFECT.  “Your Midas touch on the Chevy door, November flush and your flannel cure…” ToT
My world just shook a bit learning that Midas' daughter was a Hawthorn addition. Midas' golden touch was probably the first myth I ever heard way back watching Playhouse Disney's "Out of the Box". I've never read a version without it.
Considering how the Olympian Gods normally react to humans, even those unintentionally making them mad, I say Midas was punished rather lightly
I am a little disappointed that the outro wasn't the bridge of champagne problems
got to comment for the front page got to love the story of Midas.
I can’t believe Midas’ barber invented the phrase “bury the truth”. And gave us a great metaphor about how burying the truth doesn’t work
You've got to love those characters in myths who's only role is to be a dumbass
Midas: SO HERE'S THE PLAN I wait for a follower of Dionysus to show up and throw him a party to make him super happy Dionysus is super grateful for how nice I've been to aforementioned follower Dionysus offers me a boon...       ...I ask to turn EVERYTHING I TOUCH INTO GOLD  Midas, you were so close to being really smart there
Its gold every where
I'm saddened by the fact that Midas became known for his brief golden touch and not his arguably much cooler and long-lasting "ass's ears".
We had the same story in Ireland except how King Labhraí Loingseach got his donkey ears was never mentioned (presumably his mother was a little too lonely one night in a stable) he just had them from the start. He’d have his hairdressers excecuted after every haircut and then one day his newest barbers mother comes pleading to him not to kill her son so he agrees so long as the boy keeps the secret. Boy keeps secret but it chews him up inside so his mom urges him to go into the wood and whisper it into a willow tree. He does and he’s cured. Cue a harp-maker who needs to make a new harp for the kings upcoming feast. Hark what is this a fine willow tree perfect for all my harpy endeavours? I shall cut it down and make the finest harp ever. Fast forward to the banquet and the minute the harpist starts playing the harp itself starts sing Labhraí loingseach has donkey ears and then the king learns not to be embarrassed about it.
If y’all made a cover channel I would subscribe day one
honestly i was suprised he didn't turnhimself to gold
The end is interesting as there is a chinese saying about finding a tree hole to confess your secrets to feel better.
Electrom is real!?!   WTF is mithril real?
I definitely need an album of Red's covers
"Oh? You're challenging me?" Apollo with that DIO energy.
Glad Apollo has good taste in music.
Can we get an album of cover songs you’ve done I genuinely have enjoyed some of them over the originals
You know, for some reason I always assumed that Midas and Minos were the same guy. Like, I knew Midas was the gold guy, and Minos was the Minotaur guy, but I always assumed since they're both Greek legends and their names are similar that they were the same. Embarrassing.
3:42 OMG it's a Barnes Courtney song💛 Glitter and Gold 💛
Link for the pin isn't working
Huh, I'm actually happy Midas' daughter didn't suffer for his mistake in the original legends. It makes him feel much more sympathetic even if he was an absolute dumb ass. :P
Ah King Midus, the lovable comic relief of Greek mythology.
The last story was just SO ridiculous.
Take away from this myth: Gaia is a gossip.
Hey Red, you should TOTALLY read the Cradle series by Will Wight! It's got that sweet, sweet anime action, but in novel form. I've had the thought "Cradle is a Fantastic example of this" during like six of your Trope Talks!
Can you make a video on the 14days long battle of kurukshetra.  It would be an honour
I remember a modern day version where a kid gets cursed so that everything he touches turns into chocolate.
"It's the choices that you make And the ones that you don't That define what you will be What you are and what you seek  All the promises you've kept And the ones that you break All the things that you have bound-up, or set free  Every nexus on the road Every branching path Means a choice you can't refuse Even choosing not to choose  For the now becomes the past You have passed the node And to when can be A different way to lose  It's so hard to see ahead Though behind it is clear If you'd only known that then But there is no start again  You cannot erase the stains On the life you have lead And the path of now Will change the path of when  All the things you can't forget All the harm that you've done When you fail to be a friend When you broke but did not mend  Can you learn the lesson there Do just more than just regret Or deceive yourself With all that you pretend   It's a spiral helix flow Never twice the same Only once you pass this way You can never hope to stay  Let the chisel carve the stone Form the best that you know For you sculpt tomorrow By your choice today"  Choices - Mercedes Lackey
Midas is the king of "fucked around, found out"
I feel like Shakespeare referenced the second Midas myth in Midsummer Night's Dream...🤔
To anyone who says these stories have no antagonists, I refer you to those snitching reeds.  Not cool reeds, not cool.
Red I respect and love your cover of glitter and gold, but come on Gold by imagine dragons would fit perfectly for this
that 1850 midas retelling REEKED of nathaniel hawthorne - deserved tragedy? oh hell yeah that’s our boy who wrote the scarlet letter
2:46 Okay, I may well be cursed with my own set of donkey ears for this, but honestly? Pan's got this one. Those smooth beats are crushing it for me
Only likes!
Golden Touch wouldn't be too bad if he worded out how it would work
AAAHHHHH, I just got rid of that song!!! It's been stuck in my head for weeks :(. Another great video by the way, always a fan of Greek Mythology.
Goes to show you not to have hot music takes just for the sake of it
BARNS COURTNEY????
I like the "Beautiful rustic melody"
Do you walk in the meadow of spring? Do you talk to the animals? Do you hold their lives from a string? Do you ponder the manner of things In the dark? The dark, the dark, the dark I am flesh and I am bone Arise, ting ting, like glitter and gold I've got fire in my soul Rise up, ting ting, like glitter I am flesh and I am bone Arise, ting ting, like glitter and gold I've got fire in my soul Rise up, ting ting, like glitter
Fun fact: the emblematic hat that the French revolutionnaries wore are based on Midas' hat, it's called the Phrygian bonnet. Add to that that the French expression "toucher le pactole" (meaning "win a large amount of money", literally "touch the Pactolis"), and this might be the most French Greek myth, which is a dubious honor at best and a fucking disgrace at worst
I mean is gold eatable if it is then I would like to be midas
Its probably a good thing that Midas got ride of the boon before he had to empty the snake
Wait, this myth was written down by Ovid, and The worst thing a god did was making a roast so sick the roasti got dunked ears. Not to mention Dionysus still got to be a pretty cool dude, who thanked someone for help, and then helped them, when that someone was an idiot.  Damn what’s next, Hera starts to help the women wronged by zeus?!
OSP in my birthday, this is the best
Great! *claps hands* What should I turn to gold firs...
Ah the most classic myth
I literally looked up this exactly myth 2 days ago, tf? Lol
Isn't there a version where Apollo gets so enraged by Midas words that he physically tugs and stretches his ears? 😂
Welcome to ancient Greece. Where, among other things, seeds of reeds are gossipmongers.
Wait didn't his wife turn to gold? Also your Dionysus pin link gives a 404 error.
I’m actually impressed Pan was chill with being declared the loser. Usually in these kinda stories the offending god freaks out and curses whoever didn’t favor them.
I honestly just love how u draw lol smiles they just give me seas of serotonin  Just v XD
If I remember correctly, isn't there another version where he turns both his wife and daughter into gold and the condition can't be cured when he tries to get it fixed?
About that second myth, we have a strikingly similar tale in my country which involves a tree growing on that spot, an artisan using that tree to create a drum, and ends hilariously with the king ordering that drum be played in court, resulting in the drum ringing out donkey ears in sight of the entire court in attendance.
2:22 chilling out in the Forrest when an impromptu mythical music duel begins
Kurzgesagt has also shown that it's a good thing the ground didn't count, because if he had touched it and transmuted the earth to gold, everything everywhere would be dead before the hour was out for a variety of reasons depending on exactly how the earth was turned to gold.
"Pan [...] plays a beautiful rustic melody" *rave music intensifies*
Total Eclipse of the Heart playing for the sun god. 👌
Apollo really just roasts Midas for the hell of it.
Raah I can't find the song at 1:40 x) it drives me crazy since I heard it first in Dionysos' video I love how this channel turn harmless party guy Dionysus into the real god of death and madness he used to be. It feels so cool
the worst part about watching a new miscellaneous myths is knowing how long ill have to wait for the next one
I always liked the modern addition of the Daughter turning to stone because it humanises Midas. And also because in a children’s book I had growing up instead of Apollo giving Midas the donkey ears it’s Pan, who after accepting defeat in the Music duel insults Midas for freezing his daughter and leaving his wife. It’s a unique take that I’ve seen literally nowhere else outside of that random picture book
I love that commercial ‘thrust the Midas touch’  Me a person who knows the story - 😬
Midas: I wish all I touch would turn to gold. Dionysus: Okay, my divinity's entire MO is binge drinking, booze-induced black outs, and generally doing things and people I'll resent the following morning, and *I'm* telling you this is a bad move.  Midas: Less talk, more touch! Dionysus: Aaand that's a first.
What are those backgrounds noises at 1:30? I kept taking off my headphones trying find who's talking around me
The golden boy.
Okay, so... while turning your daughter into gold IS dark and gnarly, I prefer these versions. They're funnier and reference IRL phenomenon. Here I was expecting the daughter to *stay* dead in the original version.
"He was having a Pan old time" was a missed chance
What a weird and unrelated way to the end the story lmao, the fuck we're Greeks smoking?
You know you're making a bad decision when the god of "Fuck it let's see where this goes." Advises you to pump the brakes and think for a second.
Midas is just an idiot and I love that. He literally didn't think it through.
Midas: My wish was calculated but man am I bad at math
Midas' story is probably just some Greek Philosopher explaining why he's digging up gold in a river.
Could you imagine how much better life would be if we could make plants that said anything if the wind blew through them?  Literally, that colleague from your job who’s birthday is and you really hate her? Just whisper “you’re a bitch” into a plant pot and give her the plant. Perfect
If I had 3 wishes my first wish would always be 'I wish that all wishes I make including this go how I expect them with no ironic twist or universal balance correcting or taking advantage of any literal meaning which wasn't my intention, no 'careful what you wish for' stuff, and this includes any thing that you know I mean but haven't properly explained in the making of wish'
Crazy how if Midas ask to control when he wants things to be turned into gold the wish could’ve worked out
Moral of the story - when dionysus offers you a boon, just take the one that buffs your poison stat.
I love your content I’ve Been stoking a theory that the gods in these myths represented different city states
Disagree on the Daughter thing being random, I think it is a better way to demonstrate the inherent losses of greed. Things that Midas took for granted in search of precious gold made him lose track of what truly matters in the life of a human: small joys like roses and flowers with fragrance, necessities like eating food, and connection to other human beings. The myth works better as a cautionary tale against greed that way imo.
Pan: bring it on drama Queen XD
midas: literally has a different opinion apollo: I diagnose you with donkey ears
I NEED A FULL VERSION OF RED SINGING GLITTER AND GOLD
I love tales that explain things like electrum deposits or why certain plants exist. I wonder what "Midas has ass ears" sounded like in the local language all that time ago. Probably not unlike reeves in the wind.
Technically, the Monkey Paw did screw over the users' son in that story too...
I actually remember a book named the chocolate touch that was sort of a pseudo adaptation.
First, we can expect an album of Red song covers WHEN!? That was lovely.  Second, I think the turning his daughter to gold thing was changed by Nathaniel Hawthorne for a reason, it very well could have had something to do with American Christian values and he wanted to show a lesson on morality and consequences as well as humbling of pride. Also maybe stick it to some ancient pagan religion.
Apollo and Pan music contest I once again proof that the Gods are the pettiest being ever. When the satyr Marsyas challenged Apollo to contest between him playing the aulos and Apollo playing the lire Apollo skinned Marsyas. The stories are very similar, but because Pan is a god everything is chill.
the homer simpson of greece
Idk if this has been done, but the song at the end is "Glitter and Gold " by BArns Courtney
Red I need a full verison of Glitter and Gold. Please!
Hey kris this version of dionisuys the wine god this version I know in fact he gave gift when me and a Hercules went to go bust his home palace thing and the gods of Norse plus him they recognize me well more so herc but still and gave me two things a magic wine bag which is like wine hose and the Midas punch which is actually what it sounds like kinda because it instead make things that are hit either a puke up coins or put in a gold casing however you thing into gold temporally and the reason why is to quote him directly I’ve learned my lesson
Dionysius: *knows that the gold touch is a bad idea* Dionysius: Haha here you go fam
"We need more plants like this." No, Red. NO WE DON'T. *frantically runs to check on the holes in his backyard*
I am too known for being very dumb
Plot Twist: By “gold” Dionysus could’ve also given King Midas the power to turn anything he touched into honey. But Dionysus decided to engage in some fun trickery to teach King Midas a lesson since he saw that Midas was kind of an idiot.
I was actually thinking about this guy this morning
Early! :D
3:34 Liar liar, These plants spit fire
I’m surprised that this took so long to be covered
Barnes Courtney! Nice!
"Midas - Known for being very dumb." Yeah, he was a bit of a jackass ;)
Like Glitter and Gold~
My favorite version of this (as is with most things in life) is the Muppets version, from Muppet Classic Theater. And I wish more people could experience it, but it's only ever come out on vhs and the bastards won't put it on dvd/bluray or streaming.
I suppose this is where Shakespeare got the idea for Bottom getting turned into donkey in "A Midsummer Night's Dream".
I was expecting my yearly Haloween summaries
Why not wish that he received 1000 gp per day? Much more manageable and less messy.  And time to go slap the author that made Midas turn his daughter to gold.
Midas has clearly low wisdom. Like easily a 6
Nice of Dionysus to try to at least warn the guy.
Your singing voice is phenomenal.
I coulda sworn his story ended with him living in eternal misery alone, and even going as far as cutting his hands off.
What? Midas didn't die or turn into a flower?
I love how everyone in this story is very much lawful neutral or lawful good but those reeds are literally just pure CHAOS
The reeds that whisper that a guy has donkey ears each time wind blows is hilarious
I love the distant, muffled Smashmouth
I clicked "like", before even watching the video...that's how I like your content guys...
Midas just went down 2 levels of respect from me lol From tragic greed to a comical idiot
Oh no! The consequences of my actions!
What about his son, that old school or modern addintion?
2:10 Wait... Electrum is a real metal? BrandoSando didn't make it up?
More like king midas 4 equals 2
Watching a new Myth video is a form of self care 💆‍♀️
(sigh) I love that song.
Yay for Glitter and Gold being the end song! Barns Courtney is great!
pan blasting britney spears on his panpipes is just (chef's kiss)
Hawthorne took a break from religious commentary to make up a story about some guy turning his daughter into gold?
So thats why he had donkey ears in heroes of olympus!
As another tidbit on the daughter (or niece) addition, she went to Midas in the first place to complain that the flowers he had just previously turned to gold no longer had any fragrance.
I had a joke about Oedipus and Midas lined up, but I can't remember it.  Man, it was motherfucking gold, too...
Should’ve sang champagne problems for the song
My favorite version of this is by Lynne Reid Banks.
I clicked so fast  been listening to this story since the beginning of time 😂
Why do both of these myths make significant use of both of my favorite Greek gods?
2:36 a battle between gods this gonna be good
King Midas is just an idiot lol
Apollos burn you could say was a sunburn.I have a feeling it was music to his  ears
A classic myth that everyone knows
"If you really think that satyr's music was better than mine, you must have your head up your ass! --WHOA! _WHOA! I TAKE IT BACK!!_ Dude, I am _SO_ sorry, um, maybe a _lesser_ punishment instead..."
That Pan intro part sounded downright Dr Seuss-y
Just gonna throw it out there, if I whispered my secrets to a hole and buried them, all the reeds would say are "I spent $200 on video games and now I don't have money for my student loan" or "I bought cookies so I could have something sweet for a week or two but I ate all of the cookies in one night".
I  like the plants.
Donkey ears on dumb critics should be a thing. Don't read the room? Donkey ears on your avatar for like a month.
3 minutes ago and 365 comments? Hot damn!
What is the song at the end
genuinly didnt know the part about the ass's ears but that lil bit legit just made my day lmao
man i love your storytelling as always! also?? glitter and gold??? Perfect song choice 10/10
👍
Midas : lemme just lay down here in the sand, what’s the worst that could happen  * r e a l i s a t i o n *
You know that when a god, who is drunk and/or partying 90% of the time, says that your wish is a bad idea, MAYBE LISTEN!!
Oh how my heart fills with bliss when this channels notifications pop up😌❤
The reeds really vibrated ✨Snitch vibes✨
i remember watching a reactor lady reacting to one of these videos and she was talking about wanting to live in red's brain and the asking if that was weird.
Wheyyyy Glitter and Gold is underrated as fuck
I really want red to do full covers of songs
Fun fact, in french we say that we touch the "pactole" when we gained a lot of money, in reference to the Pactolus river ^^
Pan & the Pan posse are so cute
It's amazing how much more stuff I learn in these 5-15 min videos than I did in 12 years of public education.
Wait! I’ve read an irish version of the donkey ears story. I thought it was irish. Huh the more you learn.
So you making the orpheus and eurydice story next
I had heard of both stories - unsurprisingly - but I had no idea that the daughter bit was a much later addendum. It fits the story so well!
ALGORITHM BOOST GO
effing narc weed telling everyone my secrets and stuff
NO because in the wife of baths tale she tells the friar that midas tells his wife that he had donkey ears and she can’t keep it a secret so she tells the water . my LIFE IS A LIE THANK YOU FOR ENLIGHTENING RED I LOVE YOU
Ah yes
Got some Barns Courtney at the end there!! *chefs kiss* ❤
Curious, I've read a celtic story once where a chieftain/king had horse's ears (just had them, no curse mentioned or anything) and one of his confidants too shouted it into a hole, which grew a plant. A flute made from the plant then spread the word through the ruler's domain.   Only difference is the outcome - he was then revered as blessed by Epona, being called her son, and the oddity became respected.
Hello red, If are reading this I want you to know. You are one of my Favorite Chanels On Youtube. I watch your videos of Trope Talks everyday. I hope you have a Very nice day and "So, Ya"
King Midas is probably one of the dumbest mythology characters ever
Oh hell yeah Barns Courtney!
I’m a little confused by the analogy in the closing credits. Dropping a piano on your mother’s head is EXACTLY the kind of thing the monkey’s paw or its ilk would do. Like, the whole point is that the punishment feels random because you didn’t consider your wish from every angle, right?
That second act really came out of nowhere
Sometimes I wonder if Red just chooses the stories she does for the song
This story is just that of one (1) complete idiot
I love when OSP comes out with new stories! XD
💛💛💛💛
Midas: exists Apollo: “You f**king donkey!”
I read about the donkey ears myth in middle school, but forgot about it until today.
Not your average plant eh donkey?
This story would have ended differently if he had worn gloves.
with the whole "Dionysus is Pan" shtick you could totally rephrase the second story as Midas trying to stand up for his god-buddy
In his In the Footsteps of Alexander the Great, Michael Wood relates a Persian variant of that same myth of ears, barber, and reeds about Alexander the Great, though in that case the message is "he has horns, he's evil".
What is the song at the end
I’m literally in class reading Nathaniel Hawthorne right now, so I just got so surprised when you said he invented the Midas turning his daughter into gold thing
Midas: I want everything I touch to turn to gold! Dionysus: Do you have ANY idea what that will do to the local economy?
Pan is now the God of EDM and club music in my head cannon and is capable of dropping Bass on a wind instrument.  Thanks Red ! 👍
I don’t think he could “spend time alone” anymore after getting that blessing.
Rise up, trending page, like glitter and gold
I'm surprised there was no video on him until now
Myths of the Abbys
I'm happy to find a myth where the Protag doesn't die horribly. And an Olympian that doesn't overreact! Will wonders never cease!
plants being petty is possibly the best ending to any myth
I never knew that version was written by Nathanial Hawthorne, figures, as he likes to make things super dramatic
I feel Midas; sure, Apollo is classically trained but Pan had *soul*.
It never goes like you expect
What I want to know is, if the Midas touch worked by nuclear transmutation, which would kill you first, the radiation or thirst?
Red: *sings Barns Courtney*  Me: *Freaks out*
Everyone: Are you _really_ going to disagree with the gods? The King: Midas Well
Please make journey to the west
"The Best cautionary tales are the ones with lessons that are COMPLETELY INAPPLICABLE in real life" Should we warn the parents & babysitters that just spewing bed time story/cautionary tales willy-nilly about this factoid?
Midas: FOR GOLD, AND FOR GOLD ONLY!!!!!!!!!!
Second story: “Don’t make an ass of yourself, or a god will do it for you “
I swear I've seen the talking plants thing somewhere else...
Everyone should read Ryan North's "Midas Flesh." Just sayin'.
Unlike King Midas, the secret infused hole that eventually sprouted reeds did read the room correctly by constantly revealing King Midas' not so golden donkey ears feature every time the wind blew.
I would love it if someone made a story where Midas' touch was a power that could be turned on and off. Like that one guy from that One Piece Movie.  Gold Member or whatever his name was.
Huh, Midas actually got off pretty well all things considered.
Midas and every one time wisher needs an attorney to proof read every single boon request they ever make.
For some reason, the version in my school’s library inexplicably had Apollo doing the cursing. If I recall correctly apollo actually did to spite Midas because Midas said something about wanting all the gold in the world, even Apollo’s sun chariet? Or maybe it was saying his gold was BETTER than Apollo’s sun chariot? I don’t remember, but either way Apollo gives him the golden touch, which Midas thinks is a blessing until the one hunger and turning his daughter to gold thing happened to which he begs Apollo to reverse it, which Apollo does but then gives him ass’s ears because “you still need a divine punishment bro” and Honestly I’m very confused what that alternative version was about. I got even more confused when that same school gave me the actual version of the myth to read..
I just realized, Midas is King right, so supposedly wouldn't the problem of not eating be solved easily by just having someone else (i.e. servants) feed him?
What would you ask for if given a boon from a deity.
I love hearing Red clear up my mythconceptions. It's good to know we can trust you to teach us from the original source <3
Like glitter and gold, red you need to drop an album already
3:38 I’ve heard a version of this myth in school once, but instead of Midas it was Alexander the Great and he had ram horns, like a demon.
Whenever I see this, the first thing I think is Kurzgesagt
Midas can't catch a break yo
Just what i need to lift my spirits
Why can't we have bushes that tell people's most embarrassing secrets?
me, has a happy surprise that there's a new OSP video Also me, has another happy surprise to hear Red make a cover of Glitter and Gold me: EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I mean when you have Dionysus telling you that it’s a bad idea maybe you wanna listen
Red sang barns courtney! Yes!
King Midas merch?
I'm shocked you didn't finish this off with the song Midas Man by the '70s band Renaissance. Good song.
Hi! I love your videos. Can you do some more videos on Thor and Odin? Thanks!!
Is there still going to be a Halloween themed episode next week?
It's weird that you consider it wrong if the monkey's paw granted your wish and also dropped an piano on your mom considering that is basically what actually happens in the short story. A guy wishes on the monkey's paw for wealth and then his son dies in a tragic factory accident and the family guys the life insurance money for it. So yeah the monkey's paw would totally drop a piano on your mom if that would get your wish granted. So Midas accidently turning his daughter into gold fits perfectly with that.
Oh wow, it's amazing how much modern-day fairy tales and stories deviate from the originals. Yet it is fun to learn about such changes.
Ooh, could you do one on elves/fairies?
apollo is extra shiny boi in this vid   Love it
First thought after watching this: “It's glory they'll gimme; My dear friend, King Jimmy;  Will probably build me a shrine…When all of the gold is mine!”
I still chant for that "Dionysia" and "Bachaae" video
This is an actual witches curses players can learn to cast in The Dark Eye ^^, except for some minor chances (mostly for balance): - it only affects solid food. Nobody starves, nobody get's petrified - the transformation is temporary. No inflation - the witch can choose what the food is turned into. A common choice besides gold: dung
Now i got gold by Spandau Ballet stuck in my head
I mean the Persians fed Gold to Crasus and he didn’t complain afterwards.
Náš král Lávra má velké oslí uši.
please add Russian subtitles
The muppet version of this myth is probably my favorite adaptation of Midas' touch, cause Kermit turns himself into a gold statue by accident by putting his hands on his head. it's also hilarious seeing Miss piggy drag the golden frog across the typical muppet dance floor gag
Short, but nice retelling.  Loved the art as always.  Thank you.
I love that Midas isn't even a jerk he's just an idiot.
I mean tbf Midas might have just been a hipster.  "I mean classical divine tuneage is fine but Pan was rocking some deep cuts there. You probably didn't recognize them."
Midas: I love GOOOOOOOOOLD Dionysus: ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT
Stay Golden Midas (bad outsider joke sorry) Dionysus watching in the background with popcorn
Midas. The jester of Greek legends.
F in chat for Midas
To everyone who wants to say something. Dig a hole, whisper it into the whole, bury it, hope that reads don’t grow in that spot. Enjoy.
A certain golden flower has taught me that plants whispering hidden secrets to the living is a BAD idea.
Huh, so the daughter thing was added much much later to make the story more impactful, no wonder it's one of those myths that still persist in school books. Btw the donkey ears thing was funny and even funnier in Disney's Hercules 😁
King Midas also likes  to be referred to by his casual nickname: Goldfinger
Well now I want a full cover of glitter and gold
There is a story that is similar to this, about an Indian(I am not sure) King who had Goat Horns growing from his head after he insulted a God. The secret was only known to his Barber who whispered this into a Tree. The Tree was then used to make a Drum for the King which when used screamed "The King has Horns"  The King soon left the Kingdom out of shame and became a Musician in the wild where his music was ambrosia to the local wild spirits. They inturn prayed to the God of Music who helped the King out( I don't remember how he helped tho )
The ladder story is also referenced in Canterbury tales but instead of a barber it’s his wife who whispers it into the river
I was just thinking about this :]
Sometimes you just need to bury your secrets into a hole in the ground  Does magic to the soul
You know you mess up when the constantly drunk guy is the voice of reason
Gold Experience
*begins playing Gold by Imagine Dragons*
Ah yes, gold dude
the absolute perfect example of inflation in the economy
Did you know there is a Welsh version but the king has horses ears
I also think pan is better then Apollo
King Midas the hipster: Apollo is so mainstream I listen real music ever heard of pan and his pan possie with the panpipes? They’re not very well know but they’re SO much better than that crap on the radio.
I hadn’t heard the second half of this, that was amazing lmao
So basically this is one of the rare cases where a REMASTER/RETELLING is better than the original
This might be the most generic and over told story ever
I swear Red is a God of stories or something, there's no way for that much mythos in just 4 minutes
When a God or Goddess questions your choice, you should too
You should do Hectate for a Halloween Special this year
I mean if the 1800s version can't be used then neither do any of Ovid's stories. Which is for the best because he's generally a hack
I remember reading a version of this where Midas, after getting his ass ears revealed, executed his barber in a rage and then hung himself because he couldn't handle all the embarrassment. I do not know where this comes from, but it sounds very Greek.  I've also read another version where Midas was asked to be a judge for the contest between Pan and Apollo and when the vote came to a tie, Apollo turned his lyre upside-down and played just as beautifully and when Pan couldn't do the same (because that's now how woodwind instruments work) Midas declared Apollo's challenge unfair, which prompted Apollo to punish Midas because Apollo is a dick.  Again, not sure where that one comes from originally, but it also sounds like it could be original because Apollo was a dick.
Wait, the donkey ears story was Midas? I always heard it as a separate tale about a Prince born that way!
I prefer the version where Midas picks Pan as a winner just so his friend whose already pretty sad everyone else voted for Apollo doesn’t feel like total crap.   It’s a harmless symbolic gesture that shows Midas has Pans back no matter what and Apollo curses him with donkey ears for it.
All I can think about now is Goldmember.
If he didn't already have a daughter that golden touch would certainly reduce the chances of getting one.
I came here to see Midas get roasted by Red, and I was not disappointed
*Conquistadors' heavy breathing*
Midas: I wanted to turn anything I tounch turn into gold  Dionysus: I’m the God of madness and drunkenness and even I think that is  a really dumb idea for a wish
Man Midas must have been pretty strong in order to walk around in pure golden clothes like that.
Moral of the story if the gods start a talent show near where you are sleeping, don't be an ass... Or at least wear earplugs.
That’s why I love mythology it’s so fucking wacky especially that donkey story
*Red mentions the process of how Lydia used the river Pactolus to make some of the first coins in history*  Huh, the more you know
Apollo would probably make for an excellent Bard archetype in D&D. He literally hit Midas with such a sick roast it turned into a magical attack.
This story would make for a good horror movie.
You could say this story was... Golden.
Ight now the grass be snitchin
It Midas my morning
We here’s a cautionary tale for you red. I have a doom laser with nothing to do and a desire to listen to full cover song. (insert maniacal laugh) I’m sure this comically large self destruct button won’t lead to any ill foreseen consequences either.
I have never clicked so fast for one of my favorite myths ever
I just woke up this morning for almost an hour watching the playlist and sundelly A NEW VIDEO POPS OUT OUT OF NOWHERE????  Perfect timing
Seriously Midas you could've chosen any other boon like immortality,a nymph bride,or maybe laser vision? Those are better having a boon that prevents you from eating
Man how on earth did he have alone time with Mr hand?
Petty conflict!
That plant is so wild
Midas really went full Diogenes, watched the gods have a lyric battle, and still got fucked over in the end.
please do on mulla jatt , sultan jalal un din or sikh empire please
=D
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🎈
The but about Midas's daughter was a later invention by Nathaniel Hawthorne? Color me surprised. I'm going to have to look further into that. Also, can't wait for the Halloween episode next week! 🎃
Befor this I didn’t know Midas was the king has donkey ears guy
I love the king Midas myth and I tell people it’s actually Greek mythology all the time when the topic brings itself, and it’s shocking how many people don’t know it’s Greek mythology
if i found out i could get animal ears just by dissing apollo id be calling him a bitch 24/7 and then specifying 'cat please'
You know who else passed out in a region that happened to belong to King Midas?
King Midas aka Ancient Greek Goldmember from Austin Powers
Would’ve been better if he wished for immortality instead
2:44 IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCE!!
I like how Pan was probably really passed at losing... until some.mortal showed up and questioned the gods. Then he's all buddy buddy with Apallo
I was second comment. And the 20th like.
Personally I feel like the negative affects of a monkey‘s paw can easily be negated you just have to make the right kind of wish
So Myth connected to real life? Sweet.
I think Midas just needs to not do anything involving gods
I don't think the second one was his fault
damn, dont you hate it when the sidewalk plant you whispered to just tells the world your deepest secret everytime the wind blows it slightly.
You could say this video is as good as gold 😏
Who hopes Red talks about how Zeus and a Spartan Queen are responsible for the creation Justice?
Imagine vibing in the woods and getting swept up in a band battle of the God's
Pan cuts loose on the pipes and plays a beautiful, rustic melody *proceeds to rave*
The party where the story begins is playing All Star
69 likes          Noice
Gold
Sounds to me like Midas was “Pan”dering, he should “Apollo”gize
Love the choice of song at the end
This video is gold.
🙂
Finally! I've waited for this episode ever since I discovered this series
Exactly wat I needed after a hard day   thanks red
Midas may be stupid, but he is a good host
I hate it when reeds tell my most intimate secret
i never knew that the whole gold daughter thing was a recent creation, plus the living in the woods is pretty cool, i never knew it
25 seconds, and there were 12 comments already haha
Imagine Dionysus becoming the first statue of pure gold
Ah Midas, with ass ears and a golden touch. What a dumbass
I've been waiting for this day!
Ah yes, my favorite cautionary tale about inflation and devaluing currency
I think the moral of the story is leave the drunk guy alone
i guess you can say this video was *PURE GOLD*
Oh, this one is one of the greek classic...out of all god there that give the wish is everyone fav drunk god of party. Also, dang Apollo just give him the donkey ear
Guess you can say he got the *Golden Experience*
Babe, wake up, a new OSP vid was posted
Wow..Midas  really touched my heart
And ironically, there's a car repair brand that says "Trust the Midas touch!"
Hi
"Yeah, i can turn things to gold. Daughter honey, come here, we should celebrate" Edit: -appearently, some guy in the 18th century  Also, couldnt he just wish that he could control that ability
I remember when Disney made their version of this in one of their many Silly Symphony cartoons. King Midas ended up giving up his whole entire Kingdom for a hamburger with onions. Just to have the Golden Touch removed.
I honestly expected a halloween story, but this is great too!
“Oops, I just touched my garden and it turned to gold, guess I’ll just hug my daughter as consolation” *daughter turns to gold* “Oh no, who could’ve possibly seen this coming”
Deja Vu? (I've seen this one before somewhere)
Ah, a _golden_ video released
Yo Midas form Fortnite 😳
Wishes gone awry are what I live for in D&D. Not even when I'm DMing: as a player I love trying to make airtight wishes when I learn the spell. 😁
Good ol GOLD!
It's had to see what moral "Be careful what you wish for" stories are supposed to have. "If you get what you want, things will go badly for you anyways, so just be happy with what you already have?"
Yaaaay more from Red!  My day just got like, 3 times better.
King Midas wasn't sad he couldn't eat or drink, he was sad about the fact that he singlehandedly made the value of gold plummet down to worthlessness
Love your vids
WE'RE BACK BABEEE
Well someone didn't let a mage lawer. You really need those where it come to magic wishs.
I can tell this episode will be filled with comedy *gold*
Last time I was this early, people still thought Zeus was a good guy
I LIKE GOOOOOOLLLLLDDDDD
Best monkey paw wish story
is there a drink called a midas touch?
WOOOOOOO NEW VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!
Top 10 most consistently high quality channels on this platform in my humble opinion.
Ah, lovely. I was just wondering when the next myth video would appear on my feed :D
Got here right after finishing last week’s
Last time I was this early, I didn't enjoy an OSP video.           So never
Yes, I was wondering when we'd get to him.
Note to self: Being Greedy will consume you....literally XD
Hey! This isn’t Halloween related! (Great story though. Always a favorite of mine. Seems an easy fix could’ve been “I want everything I touch to turn to gold, but only if I want it to turn to gold.” There. Easy peasy, wish is fixed…ee.)
"Known for being very dumb"  Midas: why you bully me
Quite a golden video, if you ask me, Red!
Golden!
Always good.
Not dionysus best moment to be honest.
I hate Japanese people
I love king Midas
here before 10 views aaaa!
Oh thank god it's back 😁😁
Hell yeah gold man , love these stories
It’s my birthday today☺️
Heck yeah the man with the golden touch
I guess you could say this video is going to be  Gold
Great video. Love this channel.
Am i first?
Wow fifth!
Deez
Lessss goooo
"OH NO! CONSEQUENCES FOR MY ACTIONS!"
Second
YOOOOOOO NEW VID LETS GO
Hell yeah king midas!
YOOOOOO
YES MIDAS
H i m
This story is golden
Hi
Midas moment
Wow I got here early
First! I'm soooo original
