Is it free?❤
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hahahaha ultimate prank 😂😂😂😂😂
I literally spat out my food laughing 🤣
"Did you get him with the Dynamite?" -Smii7y  "WATCH OUT MATT!"  22:46
Tremors Popeyes the big worm 🪱🎉
so... its like tremors?
11:20 I quote this all the time 😂
2:37 ZA WARUDO
21:34, 25:26 Worm
0:54 dude was going insane
So close. Just needed locked weapons.
i like milk bags which means i like watching smii7y
Bro the way Grizzy said what the fuck is so funny!
10:55 tom and jerry scream bruh or more like tom and wormy
This is hilarious omfg
Tremors
To be honest, this is what I was saying in my head the first video, but I never said anything. I didn’t realize so many people commented it. It’s a good movie though.
Question why does Smitty Avatar look restart it
Game name
lock in twin
face reveal
25:44 "eh theres an dodo inside of me" is what i hear fr fr nruhhh
so its like tremor
Which tremors there is 7 of them
when you need to win as a lone worm to prove a point
23:30 everyone’s favourite number check his health
So the game is tremor?
This game is just like tremors
after a year, i only just now realised this game is kinda like tremors
If you didn’t know yet this game is pretty similar to tremor
p
IVE WATCHED EVERYTHING TREMORS THEMED! EVEN THE TRASH SHOW THAT IS SOMEHOW WORSE THAN MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL. (Pretend second sentence isn’t in CAPS)
El mover
this prolly my dav game they play except maybe liars bar
9:09  did he just say mashaa allah mashaallah brother are you muslim
Today is my birthday 😊😊😊😊😊🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Smii7y as the worm is both terrifying and hilarious. 😆
Smii7y and John best worms hands down
Are you a pillow
this game is like tremors
So this is like Dune?
Tremors is one of my favorite movies
Is this tremors
"This is like Tremors" This is literally Dune what are you guys on about
I think the game is like tremor
Bruh he is terrifying as worm
This game reminds me of Tremors.
13:10  SMii7Y as worm
25:50 accidental meme from the future
Anyone who hasn't seen Tremors, PLEASE GO WATCH THEM. or at least the first 2-3. Some of my favorite Childhood films. Genuinely impressive effects for the time, and some even still now. After #4 it's pretty meh, but still fun movies none the less. Long Live Burt Gummer!
5
Smii7y what's your first video?
I HATE CUSS WORDS
31:11 clearly smitty wasnt expecting that to land
17:20 bro singin' his heart away fr
So it's like tremors!
8:17 “Try to blend in!”
15:38  I'm not entirely sure, but I think he threw dynamite into the furnace.
everyone: that tremors   me: hmmm i  kinda wanna replay dune 2 again.
You should play Fortnite Smii7y 3:00
Sure it’s like trimmers 1:14
This game just like dune part 2
Oh okay I see, it's like dune
25:51 😂😂 I LOVE DROID
Jurassic Park should make a game like this, where one player controls a T-rex who can only see the human player's when they move.
WHO THE FUCK HASN'T SEEN TREMORS!? THAT MOVIE'S A CLASSIC! Also I love how you guys are just uncontrolled chaos. It's glorious.
26:49  Damn it, this joke makes me choke on water while I'm drinking water. Now there's a little water that goes out of my nose.
It’s basically cartoon tremors guys
Omg new favorite game!!!!
This video is explosion certified from Chrismas 2024
Ok but my dad made me watch Tremors with him when I was like 7, and that was so traumatizing! But now look at me! I’m watching grown men scream over a sandworm :D
That last round is movie material!! That was SO EPIC
Wow you know i always wanted tremors to make a video game and here we are
15:56 "wallgreens"
9:10 Mashallah
I think it’s like tremors 😂.   Make another rounds vid pleaseeeeeeee
“Uhm i might be in trouble..!”    -Smii7y says casually while just gets snatched by the worm
Tremors!!!
the chaos is so entertaining
This games hilarious
Here’s worm. try saying that during sex then my guy says it might be a hit XD
It’s like tremors
24.06 Grizzy, wake up!  I don’t like this, Grizzy wake uuuuup!!!!
Blarg is a hero
Wo
😅
Ha
It’s like tremors
tremors made a game?!
Can someone please tell me wtf Smii7y’s mascot thing is??
Did not expect a stuffy bunny joke
this game reminds me of a movie just cant remember which
i remember watching this when it had came out at about 1 day ago
Here’s wormy 😛😏
My name is Casper so i Sony Tallinn bout nothin
Honestly need more worm game in 2024
I think this is like Tremors, but I’m not sure…
john really got mad at the end with blarg reviving
If Stardust Crusader against N'doul was a video game.
Feat. The Nostalgia Critic
Wait a minute.. this gane basically is like Tremors
I think it’s like tremors
Almost 1/1000th of the planet is subscribed to your channel. (and almost that many watched this video)
I’m not sure if those are the words of a Simp, a brother, or a gay man, or possibly all of the above
21:34 bro💀
I think i downloaded the wrong Dune movie
i subbed but yt keeps on unsubbing ;-;
10:56 taht “YAHOOHOOHOO” was wild 💀💀
17:25  I can't stop laughing at this part because of how it broke the suspense. 😂  I wonder what would this video look like if it was animated.
Its like tremors
Kevin bacon
Dude, why are the ads fading out?? Like an ad popped up at 22:24, and I just heard smii7y screaming as it faded out. Funny af 😂
Omfg damn 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yoooo, this like Tremors.
Game?
Bro you guys need to look up the chubby Bunny challenge😂
Yo so this game like Dune?
truly a last worm outta train town moment
18:15 bro rlly was juz playin with his food LOL the res by 1 person with 30 sec left was real LOL
17:18  OM NOM NOM NOM NOM YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY KRYOZ
So tremors
I feel like this game would be good with proximity voice chat
this game is definitely based off tremors
5 WORMS
I hate that they make smitty go against 2 worms but when its his turn its only him
Basically tremors, then?
Or on the app store
Mate it is not on roblox
is this basically tremors?
First thing that came to mind was tremors. When I watched the first video that did of this.
24:10 I wish subtitles existed for what everyone was saying, it feels like that dynamite fail was enough to make a riot.
Can’t believe these guys have never heard of the movie tremors
I think its funny how he said asshole and the edditer eddited the hole and not the ass
This is my favorite game that you guys play
Heres wormy
Tremors
Tremors
did the worms get nerfed after this video got uploaded?
I think this game might be based off tremors guys
Move in Spanish is: mover
very  good
15:39 "whats up reddit" *fucking explodes*
It's SO good. I love this video even to rewatch it months later
Muad Dib has made peace with Shai hulud
Only found your channel yesterday Smii7y but I love it - been watching a bunch of it at work and the effort not to laugh is IMMENSE (especially whenever whoever that is with the Looney Tunes scream gets scared) - keep it coming!
What about the Dunes
Smii5y what are you playing on
This is just perfect.
2:40 your probably wondering how I got here
Is this the Dune game?
So it's basically hl2 sandtraps
Comments are right it is like tremors
in case you didnt hear this yet, this game is basically DBD
Tremors is a REALLY good movie BTW
Why is Smii7y ONLY normal in the intros a.k.a. 0:17 - 0:44  WHY! intros no cussing, no craziness, no gaslighting LIKE WAHTT??!?!
play moar
18:56 "Channeling my inner Seananners" might be one of the best lines I've hear in a while
E
do more worm pls
23:28 bro who be yelling like a bad piggie?
16:07 I love matt. He's the best.
to move is mover...
21:34 here’s wormy
"Why so 20 Gallo hats bro"
Smii-Huluud...
My 2 yr old is obsessed with the two videos about this game. It's been a week now and they've basically been played on repeat. I almost know both videos word by word
Tremors the game?
1:40  I love this
9:38 This vid is so good
"Channeling my inner Seananners." made me tear up from laughter and nostalgia. The nanner man has trained you well ^_^
😂😂😂😂
Name game?
33:31 kryoz mocking grizzy here lol
So this game is just cartoon tremors
Try three worms and one survivor
Man this game Reminds me of Tremors. Anyone else think of Tremors?
I dont know who this was at 33:37 but they sounded like the white rabbit from Alice in wonderland
The tension is insane 33:32
I love their absolutely maniacle laughter 11:36
the pharaoh's curse XD 26:50
"Channeling my inner seananners"😭😭 Said so casually.. but it ment so much... Where these days at???
This game looks just like last train outta worm town
Tremor yeah
6.9 million subscribers
Lisan al gaib 😮
I like how he sounds nice at the intro and later on he swears like crazy
Trying to find what music he’s using in his transitions 13:07
like 0
last round better then dune on g
21:33 🪱
i thought the game was like Dune XD
Guys i think its like tremors
9:51 I’d do that so quickly I have 70 hours on helldivers 2 TRY ME MF.
Pov dune is a game
i will give you guys a hint he is by a cactus................. 6:38
That last game was like a cinematic experience 😂😂😂
I think this game is basically tremor
Lissan  Al gaib
Yes
Trevor you mean
32:45 is wholesome
Did he just say mashallah? 9:07
What i would give to have smii7y and igps teams play games together,it would be the perfect amount of chaos
30:39 wait blarg has a brain???
What's this game called
So, it’s Dune?
Um I might be in trouble. That is the best voice.
YO IS THIS TREMORS
Btw "move" in spanish is "movimiento", "muévete" or "mover". In this case it would be "me muevo poquito" or "poquito movimiento"
I freaked out when he said I am channeling my inner senaners I wish he still posted
16:45
I think this is just like tremors
tremors is such a good movie
dune the game
What's the name of the game
When he said “Here’s wormy” at 21:34 I busted out laughing because of how he sounded 😂
Dune abridged
game kinda like tremor
21:33 killed me XD
so tma coded
NGL the cursin makes the video 1000% more fun
This video became so chaotic that the fucking subtitles gave up
never play this game called bike racing 1 PLZ
21:33 I NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH AT A VIDEO
It is literally tremors
This is the best game I’ve ever seen y’all play
PLEASE SMII7Y I NEED MORE WORM GAME
Man this game is like tremors, yall notice that?
Please do 4-player "Fling to The Finish" & do a group play of "Human Fall Flat"!!!
Is it on just PC or is it on PlayStation two?
here comes wormy
Whoa 🤯🤯. Smii7y did you know this game is like tremors!?!?!?!?
Saddens me that none of y'all ever played "groundies"
Not to be extra drunk but I’m so glad that video games exist. I have no idea what neglected child me would do without playing and watching real human creativity be enjoyed by anyone
yo its like tremors
I got an ad for the dune movie lol
Guys, I think this game might be like Tremors
29:13 THAT VOICE 😭
What’s tremors?
oh man, that last part was pure adrenaline
26:00 “No Señor”
Love temor movies
Just like tremors..
😂😮😂🎉😢😮
The train timer reset upon revive was such a reward for an act of faith.
We know!!!!!!!!!!!!
The "If you find You're self coming back might as well subscribe" worked on me, good job
PLEASE TRY 4 WORMS
Here's wormy- droid 2023
Bro, that Tom and Jerry scream at 10:57😂😂
It's so unfair that the train timer reset on the last round. Kryoz deserved that win.
Bro it’s just tremors
Yes
It's like tremors
Oh she did she say
This game reminds me of tremors for some reason
When’s the azzblaster update coming? Haha 😂
Holy shit I think this game just ripped off tremors
This is basically tremors
19:56 why is it vibrato?
tremors? more like dune
IS THAT A LETHAL COMPANY REFERENCE [I KNOW IM UNORIGINAL YOU 3 YEAR OLDS]
Love the thrownback to seananners smii7y!
Blarg wins Play of the Game on that last round! That was CLUTCH!
20:40 look at smitty’s health bar😁
10:56 🤣🤣Nah that scream killed me
el hombre esta teniendo sexo
11:22 20:45 21:34
LMAOOO MASHALLAH😭😭😶😶
Mat said "I REFUSE TO LEAVE MY FRIEND" and the game was like, respect, more time
Ok so I think it's based off tremors
24:15 Grizzy's "What de fuck?" just got me for some reason 🤣
What is tremor
0:03 Doug Dimmadome’s extended family
I’m watching this at 3:40AM and somebody walked in my house
Dude that games like dredd
tremors is great
its literally tremors
I find it odd that Smii7y seemed annoyed over all the Tremors comments, because I'm 95% sure that every single one of those comments was made by a person that simply never read anyone else's comments, they just naturally thought that and wanted to point it out, yet enough people had the same idea Smii7y felt the need to call them out XD
whers the timeframe where SMii7Y is the worm
John's emote fits him so well for some reason.
Can we get a sequel?
what the F is Tremor ? A tremor is an involuntary rhythmic movement of one or more parts of the body.  Uhmm ... yeah i clearly read Sandworm in this.
I want more videos of these game.
Play this game with proximity chat
Idk why but this game reminds me of tremors for some reason…
“21” is crazy
Yo this game like tremors
i love this  Channel smii7y  makes me laugh every time he uploads a vid
please, M O R E
In case yall didnt know yet well you can revive other players by taking their hearts in the jar to the church graveyard.
So is this game based off tremors
Your content always makes me fuckin' laugh. thank you
Tremors the game
I watched droids video and heard Matt suggest 2 worms
Matt suggested 2 worms
Failed Spanish: poquito move. Spanish: Muevete un poco
This game is so fun i hope to see more videos of you guys playing 😊😊😊
Hey isn’t this like the movie tremor
I have watched this like 5 times and would love it if you played again
the tom and jerry scream 3:53
Tbh I think tremors was during your time and that coming someone who is currently 20 and I watched when I was a little kid on VHS
This whole video feels like it came out straight from a movie 😂👏
If you are in a house that's being attacked by a worm, just accept getting caught in the Jaws cuz if the house collapses with a human in it, the house collapses, the human? DEAD
Ok but I just a chikfla ad that's an entire animated film 💀
Anybody else watched Tremors? I watched it when I was 8 (yes I knew it was PG-13) and I loved it, it’s a really good movie and I recommend you watch it if you haven’t (this game is relatively the same thing as Tremors)
This gives me comfort for some reason
IVE WATCHED THE FIRST VIDEO 20 TIMES BECAUSE I LOVE THIS SO MUCH THANK YOU
*Waits for a third*
8:18 bro is trying to blend in.
0:09 2:51 3:27 4:00 4:16 4:36 6:10 6:28 6:56 7:26 8:17 9:05 9:55 10:07 10:12 10:54 11:21 11:33 12:04 13:22 14:21 15:18 16:31 18:10 19:46 22:42 24:12 27:16 27:50 28:27 29:45 31:14 31:58 32:27 33:03 33:43
I've watched this video three times. I need more Worm Town
This is awesome please more!!
Matt the real mvp. True soldier
So its like tremors?
What’s this game called?
26:18 Se dice moverse
Thisvideo is way tofunny😂
hey this game is like tremors
Hey guys, have you heard of tremors?😂😂
Does no one remember dune
i just bought borderlands 3 and i saw how big the game is and i was like
i think this game is like tremors
soooooo basicaly tremors (i watched that movie like a week ago and this is exactly like it but only the first one not the second one where they got flyin' shit, sorry got on a bit of a rant there)
GIVE US MORE
5:14 I love everyone's manical laughter here as Smii7y gets taken away from the train
Thanks for putting me in the vid I had no idea but love you vids keep doing what your doing
All I was thinking of when grizzy said 21 was the NO meme
This is Tremors
Ive quoted this on each post about this topic, so ill do it here too.  "We're in the endgame now"  Trust in shambles, community in tatters, and now, expectations are at the lowest point theyve ever been. Destiny will be limping across the finish line that is final shape, then i think the episodes will get scrapped and we'll get Rise of Iron level support until they shut the servers down. Honestly, with big names gone and the Bungie Way being ignored, I don't see the future continuing.
el move
I love how many times y'all just devolve into redneck accents that are almost as rednecky as mine.
"DEFAULT DANCE ON THIS M'FER"
Fun fact this game is similar to tremor
Oh dude this is totally tremors the game
More pls
Hey, this game is kinda like Tremors, isn't it?
❤18:14
U have to feed the the trains he said
How bad u guys push a shitball
How does he stay talking so loud
Wormy
subbed :)
SMi117y, you really do spread our cheeks and fill us with joy
E
its like dune
Move in spanish is mover
Milk bag wearing black face for Halloween...makes sense for a Canadian
do another roundes vid plz
22:32 health bar
yo i think this game is like tremors
Thank you smii7y now I have to binge seananners again...boy I do miss his videos
i LOVE this gem 😻😻😭😭😭🫶🏽🫶🏽🫶🏽🫶🏽
Dawg ironically I'm wearing a tremors shirt rn
0:56 WHOEVER IS THE WORM LAST IS G@Y
please play this again 👍
Spanish move=mover
21:40
Brother thinks he’s Doss
Tried "Here's Wormy !" last night. Definitely a hit. 👍
3:53 the goofy laugh 😂😂😂😂 i mean goofy the character btw
What the heck happened when those messages appeared and then he said collateral damage? What the heck happened? I’m like seriously what does happened???????????????
32:33 *NYOOO!!!* 😂
tbh smity you are my favorite youtuber better than mark and jack
It's a dune reference
I've literally never heard of Tremors  The only sandworms I know are the ones from Dune, the one from Beetlejuice, the one from SpongeBob, and the Mongolian Death Worm. How the hell would you expect any of them to have seen Tremors if a sandworm savant like myself has never even heard of it? Ingrates.
3:52 loony toon ahh scream.
When goons v worms
Please play this some more. I love this
24:16 I swear. This is the funniest "What da fuck" I've ever heard in my life.
blasted outta left field by 'chubby bunny challenge'. why tf do either of us know about that.
this is just like tremors
Did remember the vanoss crew?
Everyone saying tremors and I'm just here like: ".....Dune?" 😂
Hey this games like Tremors
Tremors is one of the best movies of all time
Tremors!!!!
A church bell literally rang near me when Smitty got rezzed. 🙏
15:38 is killing me.
3:12 He sounded like markiplier lmao
This game is kind of different as the same
Oh cool i didnt know there was a tremors videogame
Smii7y be makin bank with these views n likes lately🤌🏻
You should play gang beasts
Not the meatworm
If they don't laugh at "open up, here's wormy" then dump them lmao.
Ya know, never really noticed where the eyes were until it was mentioned
Any Serbs looking to play reply
This would be so good with proximity chat
bro i love this game so much plz make more
Bro’s scared of demonetisation from a few swears even though his previous uncensored videos weren’t demonetised.
69 health lol
man i am so glad i didnt use my main account for quite some time now i got so much smii7y content
Ok guys hear me out let’s do two worms
Glizzy yells soo much and lot of it is yelling for help, has he ever had emergency services at his door?
We support because we like
Incase nobody here knows, the dev is very thankful for smittys video (:3)
Smii7y never fails to tingle my humor with worms
Bruh, everyone saying this game is like tremor and im over here thinking about dune
i'm dyin here hahahahahah epic
More worm  vids
bro had worms in his shit 2:56
Lets play with 2 Worms they said, It won't be hard they said  xD
Smii7y plz do another one of these videos
My man is slow af
29:55 can you do some rich flex for me (21)
tremors the game
What's tremor
I’m 14 and I am a mega tremor’s fan, and the fact that the guys are in their 20’s and never seen or heard of tremors really is mentally hurting me…
Why is it so satisfying when Smii7y won as ONE worm. Like, I loved when he proved Blarg that Blarg is just a bad worm 😂
I wish friends were real
This is easily my favorite video that u made
When do you play cs2 with the squad?
“Revive, revive, revive—I’ve destroyed the fucking church, who’s rezzing you—the spirit of Jesus is GONE!!!” from Jon was so raw 😂
Tremors is one of my absolute favorite horror films, so this was amazing to watch! And that combined with Smii7y playing?? Golden 😂
3:52 does anyone else hear the Tom abs jerry yell
Holy shit. The worms track you when you step on the sand. Just like in boss baby!
great vid keep it up more like this
marshmallows*
I need to get a computer so bad.
it's like tremor- SHUT UP!
One worm to rule them all
every time matt sacrifices himself it is never not funny
You know I never realized it but this game .. Is just like tremors !
I need more
When they adding the ass blasters?
Guys- THIS GAME IS LIKE TREMORS!!
smiii7Y i have a game idea its not out yet but still you can play it with 4 friends it has some powers and the name is bopl battle
hey did you know this game is like tremors
Oh hey, so it’s like tremors
make one more!
Anyone notice this game is like tremor?
This game is genuinely terrifying
I bet the animators over at Mattercell Entertainment would love to make a good short film out of both of your Last Train Outta’ Wormtown gaming walkthroughs, SMii7Y! Take your time sending me a reply if you’re interested. Trust me on this. 👌🏻😎👍🏻
Tremor tremor
One like just doesn't feel like enough for this video
This game reminds me of the movie tremors
Smii7y using the Scott Pilgrim censorship 😂
I love this game
why not post this sooner i loved that video
9:09 mashallah
MATT MVP
ITS TREMORS!!! wait, who's Burt?
what if they add ass blaster to the game would that be unfair ?
Dogf face Maria Garcia
25:45
MY NAME WAS IN THE VIDEO?!?
13:00 - 19:10 was ruthless
This game map reminded me of cel damage tbh I hope they play cel damage as thatll be absolute chaos 😂
Why is this so damn funny to me? It's just a dumb jar being punted-- WHY IS IT SO FUNNY? 16:42 Also, Smii7y just sitting there like he's a dog waiting for pets. 16:49 And then there's the playing with his food moment. 18:17
I remember this
This game is so fun looking! It's like a cartoon tremors
Hey, it's just like that one movie... Trevor... Tremendous... I don't remember
So it's basically just tremors
Smitty: “AYO boy you wanna play fetch? wanna play fetch?” (Throws the bench)  The worm: *proceeds to smash the house*
At 10:55bro got a loony toon ah laugh😂
Hehe funny wernm
More!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why so many 20 gallon hats? Why always the stupid overused, excessive bass vine booms? I shouldn't have to lower the bass on my speakers by 30 db so my neighbours aren't gonna complain.
I love how Smii7y was the squad's healer for a bit.
okay how is the worm in this game so terrifying lmfao
Just sand walk (if you know this reference you have the right to call me a nerd)
FUCK YEAH! WORM!
This game is kinda like tremor ngl
This is the most i have cheered in a while. I was cheering as if it was a hockey game XD
Do.more
Keep doing this game🔥
What’s tremors?
Play the IKEA game plsssssss
dude the pharaoh's curse had me in tears bro
This is my favorite game he plays
This reminds me of Geb from Jojo
Thank you for the Seananners reference. Miss that dude lol
The simplest games are always the most fun sometimes
Dude you won't believe it but it's like tremors
you should try and find mods for it
26:45 Bro that reference 💀
Who thinks 1 human Vs 4 worms would be fun to watch
You should do this more! ❤
please play atleast couple or 1 more time! this game is absolutely insane to watch!
31:04 Team Fortress 2 Scout
The worm mechanic is reminding me of the hunters from left4dead
More of this series please 😂
Ya don’t need to ignite the tnt to blow the worm, there are two other ways.
Never expected Smii7y to reference "stuffy bunny"
“Channeling my inner Seananers” loving that line 😂
yooo, this is just like tremors
That last bit was intense 😂go,go,go,😂
Why does the worm not get a hat?
I love when u play this game
YES I WANTED MORE WORM
"I killed my owner!" Best line ever
This is me before even starting watching this video, i watched the last time he did this game, and i hope he makes a series out of this game. It looks so fun! And you SMii7Y just make my day
Honestly it's more like dune than tremors
i think its like tremors
26:00 Knowing spanish this shit is 10 times funnier
Most Intense Game Ever. Epic.
Yeah, the movie tremor It’s so good it’s there like two movies about that.
Damn, this is like Dune, i cant believe they havent seen Dune
3:52 That fking Goofy scream bro
CAN YOU FLY, YOU SUCKER? CAN YOU FLY?!
"You look like you're not ready!" oh. I'm flippin' ready.
His eyes changed colours at the start
DO MOOOOORRRE OF THISSS GAMEEEE
the ending LMAOOO
Bro I got a ramen ad right after smi77y threw the dynamite and put that mushroom cloud explosion on it
FIY you don't have to lit the fuse for it to trigger when a worm bites it, just throw it as is
This game is too fucking funny, man
21:37 That line almost kills me. I was drinking coffee 😵
YES! FINALLY
mo woms pls smitis
Did you know, it's like Tremors!
22:27 nice
plz bring back rubber banits :,(
This game is just like tremors
jojo reference
When are y'all gonna play tremors 3 ass blasters??
2:41 That was a very abnormal crash. That should not have been recorded.
"Chubby bunny challenge" if you are under 18 do not look it up. But God damn that shit surprised the fuck outta me when it was said I fucking started to die of laughter
yeah its just like tremors
I would watch hours these dude
"channelling my inner Seananners" 🤣
Part 3 please this is funny
man yall should play ARK it would be so funny lol
thank god theres a second part
Mod the game
Will they make versions like the tremors sequels? My personal favorite was Tremors 3
I wanna see u guys play sunkenland
I just fucking herd smii7y sing move like jagger it was fire
This game is based off tremor
It just like tremors
Where’s the mincraft series
I love this game, the screaming just absolutely sends me...
Look out for them graboids
The last game was really epic
Wise words from Matt "I REFUSE TO LEAVE MY FRIENDS" what a true friend indeed
You should play a game called Helldivers 2 when it comes out. I think you and your friends would have so much fun playing it
Agggaaaiinn 🤣🤣🤣
Smi77y! try out the crew motor Fest, please, trust me (it's more fun with friends but do whatever you please).
Get over here! 😂😂😂
"here's wormy" 💀 "It might be a bit, you don't know!"😂 I can't 😂😂😂
Seananners is a name i havent heard in a long time.....
aw man i LOVE THIS GUY
You should do 5 worms 1 pardner, trust
I love these videos they always make me laugh 👍
Dude but ive already liked and also subscribed what more can I do!!!!!
Hi
Seananners mentioned!
SMii7Y proves that he is the best worm.
its kinda like tremors right.  you know that shitty movie series that everyone has seen for some reason
Smii7y your like the funniest person on YouTube and the dumbest I hope you are the best YouTuber ever
This game is basically tremors ya know
SMii7Y will you be doing Horror game for Halloween again? If so can you do In Silence again? (It’s my favorite lol)
i subbed after the first vid i watched because i could tell tat there would be content like this   👍👍👍
If a guy said here’s wormy I would start laughing so hard XDDDD
Smitty is such a master baiter!!!
26:15 moverse
Hey smii7y. Todays my birthday and I love watching u and your friends play games. You are very entertaining to watch and u are very funny. It doesn’t matter what game u play bc u always manage to put a smile on people’s faces. Keep up the good work.
You make my day better every time
I love how in the thumbnail is says relentlessly terrifying my friends as a giant worm and your friends name is "friend"
PLAY AGAIN
reminds me of desert skies
*unzips femur*
tremor
i hope we get more of this game im loving this so much BSDKHFBWK
If you haven't you should play castle crashers
Love the gameplay
This is my alt, Smii7y, you got me through my sadness and loneliness, thank you.
By far one of my favorite games yall play
"I refuse to leave my friends" That was insane I can't believe the timer reset if it didn't then Matt would have doomed them but thankfully Matt choose to do the right thing
Come on pls play team fortress 2 what can be so bad about that or are you scared that a rocket jumping soldier going to stomp you ass to the under world
A reference to Seananners by Smii7y? Now I want a crossover episode >:3c
Day 3(?) of asking Smii7y to stop censoring his content again 😢
Surprised nobody tried to make an "up my ass" joke about the worm
SMii7Y your videos be looking like Discord Light mode, My head hurt from seeing the last 25 videos man
YOU'RE BACK WITH THIS GAME HELL YEAH
ITS AN ALASKAN BULL WORM
I love the Scott Pilgrim censors noise at the start 🤣
Im sure that is called Tremor
“umm i might be in trouble”😂😂
so tremors right?
I paused in the middle of the night and when I picked it up smi7y started screaming
Not leaving his friends really rewarded him there 😢a divine blessing ✨️
I want smi7y to do Minecraft but just mod the shit out of it
Never seen a floor in more need of de-worming
Im so god damn happy gimme more
26:50 I was already fuckin cackling and made the poor choice of taking a big gulp of my McDs drink. I tried to stop myself from spitting it all over my laptop so hard that it came out my fucking nose instead, lmao.
Boy I I'm no longer single
Woah this is like tremors
i love this game, i hope you guys play it again
cant qait for october!! smitty horror on mh birthdaayyyyy!!!
Matt was the MVP++++++-+.
How did I miss that!?!?! "I'm channeling my inner Seananners here". BestEver
This game is so much better made than last time that i am kinda suprised...
They should make this game VR
I love it when y'all play this game so much! All the chaoticness and the laughter when a worm flies right over you and misses lol 😂. I think at the end of the video was my favorite, the SHEER amount of chaoticness and pressure on escaping while everyone's SCREAMING down your ear lol. It was so intense there, I love it! I also like that once he revved his friends, the game was like: "Nah, I feel bad for him of the short amount of time, let's increase that!". That was amazing I loved it, I hope y'all do some more in the near future. I like watching y'all play together, it's so fun and chaotic, I could spend hours watching it lol. Keep up the amazing work SMii7Y!
When new teardown video?
Honestly,when the game came out,i instantly realized that it is just full-fledged Tremors...so i was standing in the middle of nowhere with my buds watching me and were like "WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU STANDING THERE,THE WORM IS GONNA EAT YO-" which i reacted to as "Choom...did you watch the movie Tremors? You can move on the sand and CAN stay on the sand,if you do not make that much activity on it" and they were just...flummoxed by the fact that they were oh so bofoon-minded.
YYES!
One worm was bad enough but two is a whole new level of madness, give us more XD
SMii7Y needs to play KARLSON.
So happy to see this game again!
pls do morm worm
SMii7i "Move" in spanish is "Mover"  Literalmente es la primera vez que escucho que dicen palabras en español Its to funny
Has anyone noticed that it's kinda like tremors
Senate just Passed Marijuana Banking Bill! Buy MedMen Stock! Show your support! Mmnff.......
more... MOOOOOORE !!!!! I CAN NOT GET ENOUGH OF THIS GAME !!!!
Basically Tremor imo
No way Smii7y is actually reading the comments
Yo so basically this game is tremor
Btw its like  tremors  :)
You should play up gun
Channeling my inner Seananners lol A bygone era.
Impressive, and you even did it with one hand.
day 2 of asking smii7y to play warthunder with friends
Yay! SMii7Ys giving in to public damand and is going to squeeze it for all it's worth!!
Smii7y, your the reason i get out of bed in the morning
This game is kinda similar to tremors ngl
So what ur saying is this game is basically tremor?
28:43 welcome back mashaallah -dorid, 2023
9:10 mashaallah droid
I've been waiting for this game I rewatching the last 1 many times bc it's so funny
warzone halloween event soon get ready <3
Oh so it's like that movie tremors
Siim7y you remember the video who's your daddy is a curse game and the start of the video was you and the children was leaving because it was November i want you to make an entire serie/story of the event
There has been a massive content update, that has added new things to the map, new items, and new worm abilities. I really think you guys should give this another go.
This is just a thought, but if I were to make animations for your intros of your Milk bag character, would you use it, or would you stick to the idea of a png-based background. Just asking :/
I accidentally read smii7ys in game name tag as shitty
Crazy, this is just like tremors.
this game's great bruh
Im doin pharaoh curse rn... Not worth it
Its like tremours
Hay this is like that one movie it's called tremors
So whats tremor?
I wanna see smi7y go back to amazing frog that was hilarious
Smii7y I'm sorry I unsubscribed on twitch because it 私のお尻を犯した
Why do the worm videos always get posted while I’m sick?
You sound like crispy concord ❤
A Seananners reference 18:58
Nice, you did this game again. Chaos
Smi77y you gotta bring rainbow six seige back
Smii7y hating everyone for wanting two worms and completely annihilating everyone by himself is fucking gold
John was so cringe, following you after eating dynamite
Mover means to move in Spanish
Matt screaming, "I REFUSE TO LEAVE MY FRIENDS BEHIND" is so epic and wholesome, and everything leading up to the last stand was something out of a movie
I enjoyed this.
No it's literally dune
Hey smii7y can you play pumpkin panic:)
You should play Overcooked 2...😅
Why is *bleep* bleeped?
Smitty please play ghosts of tabor
4:22 where are the propeller hat’s colors?
The content is so good that it is impossible to miss a single video of yours 😘🥰
9:09 I liked that Mashallah
do another
So it's like Dune?
Love the game, wish to see more videos I have gone back and watched the first one a lot of times and finally had another one to watch
You should play more  rounds
This game has such simple graphics but is somehow still terrifying
Imagine not knowing how to keister items
this game is a lot like tremor bro
The surprising juxtaposition, betwixt the music that you help make and the game play videos you release is wide. But hey,either way you are paid to be  entertainment. Obviously you have a large audience for both. Keep your nose clean and stay out of trouble!  Best and only advice i really got. Do what you will,but harm none. ( this includes yourself)
No matter how bad a day it's been Smii7y and his friends always make me laugh-
Who knew that a game so silly looking would be so terrifying, like your timbers will for sure be shivered
😂😂
Worm. 3:59 this is just CHAOS already.
Damn that was great
This game is way too intense
speed
i find the worm scream/ growl the most intimidating thing in this game
I think its so funny they don't realise that the worm can heal with there weird purple mists underground xD
3:12 markiplier?????
edit: SMii7Y needs to be worm more, it's really funny when he is :)
oh so its like tremors huh?
is this reupload ?? I feel like I watched it months ago
Say, this game is like tremors
This is pretty much sums up trimmers 2
blarg pulled the “GET UP SOLDIER!”
This game is so good😂
I MISSED THIS
🗿🗿
are you  going to do the haunting event on warzone 2
when yall gon play mincraft
Yessssz I love this game
i honestly love seeing this game, it looks stressful in a fun way
THE best freaking game to play,  pleas do another one
I never thought I'd see something so funny. This video has me giggling and kicking my feet in the air.
smii7y have you tried out payday 3 yet?, if not you should definitely play it 👍
I think this is like tremors
Worm sequel?? You read my mind
Smiity should record one of their voices asking "Where are you" and play it back next time he's playing the worm.
Yall should play Predator Hunting Grounds
"here's wormy" has never not hit
14:06 ba an an an nuuuu (Bad to the Bone)
Smitty videos being half an hour long is the best thing I swear
El Move
I just noticed he is starting to sensor the bad words, thanks.  Now even more little kids can see your madness, then again, they already know them from other people.
damn
number one
NEW ANIMATED SMII7Y JUST DROPPED 🗣💯💯
Cool
Hey, isnt this basically tremors?
Number 1 trending in gameimg
The ending was chaotic and amazing lmfaooo
GREEN GANG
How did you guys make a simple game so epic
So its basically tremors ok funny
MOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Pls do more ofthis
The high-pitched screams are my life omg 😭
bro got the Scott pilgrim censor
Hello love your content I watch it every day
I was waiting the whole day for this to go from 2nd trending on gaming to first
You need to play the most recent update they added new worm ability and weapons to use against the worm
man im dead xdxdxdxdxd
Trending!
how do we tell them that they just have to add an r to "move" to say it in spanish
#1 on Gaming Trending!   LESSSGOOOOO!!
Wow, first time i've seen SMii7Y on #1 for gaming trending
Still my favorite youtuber :)
Most of those comments didn't even seem that bad. I dunno why he felt the need to mock them...
I miss the tear down videos
this one's doing numbers
#1 on trending goddamn
Day 46 of asking smii7y to play voidtrain with the group
I enjoy whos your daddy
"the worms have progressed passed where they are fighting for survival and food, where they are now playing with ladders"  Ahhhhhh yes. The worms are climbing up Maslow's hierarchy of needs... or are just climbing ladders. idk lol
THANK YOUUUU,  was wondering when we’d get another one of this
ketchup milk
This actually got #1 in trending deserved hell yeah
This is just tremors bruh
This is just tremors bruh
i love this game please make more vids
Oh my god, you really did channel your inner Adam, Christ, wasn't expecting such a nostalgia hit.
play mario party
We need more party animals
I love working 16 hrs and then come home to 2 new videos to hydrate and wind down to
MAKE MORE OF THESE I LOVE THEM <3
more please
Man, i would love to see seananners play this game lol... brought back some deep memories with that comment XD
Mad respect for Smii7y for being able to win solo, and Matt for his determination.
I forgot seananners was a channel holy fuck that just unlocked years of memories by him saying that lol
at 9:11 i dont know who it was but i didnt know any one was muslim
Is no one gonna mention that smii7y was a freakin amazing friend to grizzy? he literally risked himself to get grizzy on the train. ofc he did try getting grizzy killed as well so it balances it self out.
This the first video I saw of SMii7y
18 HOURS AND THE 1# TRENDING FOR GAMING WORLDWIDE AS EXPECTED FROM THE GOAT SMITTY RAAAAAAAAAAH
#1 on trending for gaming baby!
Damn, I love this game so much.
Love this game
Anyone notice that this game is a literal jojo reference?
Straight up saw this on my recommended feed and stopped watching the other video to watch this
I always love when john explodes with rage for some reason
I loved watching the first time you guys played this ✨
Still #1 on trending for gaming
we need more please brother more
(:
Smitty and his friends are so entertaining I did not notice the time pass by Can't believe I watched 34 minutes without noticing anything
Wow, it’s like tremor
Never expected a seananners reference inna smii7y video
Bro i do not care what game he plays like he could be playing a dora the explorer game and I would watch it as long as he says sum funny shit
E
To some people it's like "Tremors" but to me it's like t1_danger from Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy
Bros friends been carrying this channel for the entire history of it
This game is incredible. such a great content machine
Could you do more videos of this pls❤
I’m a new subscriber so if you have said you’re not gonna play it, I apologize. But would you and your friends play Moving out 2 or overcooked 1 or 2? Again I apologize if this gets on your nerves because you’ve already talked about it to your viewers.😬
Video 5 of asking you to play rainbow six siege again
No like until the N word great again
Good job getting #1 in gaming 🥳🎉
I love your channel !
This game is jsut like the film tremors
This definitely gives "watching SeaNanners play The Hidden after school on a Friday afternoon" vibes.
I've been waiting for you to play this game again
Please play some Deceit 2
WORM GAMEEE LETS GOOOOOO
26:45 smii7y Just casually talking bout animated adulte Films with His Friends is some Kind of friendship Goal some dont reach 😅
:)
HI:(
You know damn well after last session puffer practiced for at least 15-25 hours looking up strategy guides n shit
"Channeling my inner seananners" ah the good old days, damn i miss adam
NEW WORM VIDEO ALERT!!!!
Imagine someone modding proximity chat into this game
Just make more Smii7y! I for some reason love watching this game
Based scott pilgrim swear censoring
Matt sacrificing the time for his friends is some real movie shit.
Who here actually watches smii7y
SMii7Y I want to see more rocket league please.
You did it smitty!!! YOU DID IT, YOU ARE IN NUMBER IN TENDECIES LMAO!!!!!!
You NEED to play “SHADOWS OF DOUBT”. It’s available on steam for like $16 or something.
Beetlejuice but they cast The Goons as the main characters.
we enjoy this game
4:09 This is like a scene in a movie
I know you’ll probably never even read this comment, but your videos have kept me going for so long in one of the hardest times of my life. I thank you honestly, and I wish I can keep watching your videos for many more years.
1M VIEWS IN 17 HOURS WOW!
AAYYYYY NUMBER 1 ON TRENDING ALERT
This game is actually really fun to watch, the way the bois play
Bruh that was some power of friendship type shit in the last run lmaoo
MORE PLEASE btw how about if you die or your doing smth not video good show a perspect of the others for MORE CONTENT and same with the others
im 20 and ive seen tremors i think its criminal if u go this long without seeing it lol
didn't thought that i will see that game again.  PLS MORE
LETS GOO LAST STOP TO WORM TOWN WOOOOOOOO
Les goo u made to top 10 trending on gaming 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
love how they talked shit to him and thean got absolutly Destroyed
IM SO HAPPY FUCKKKK AND ITS 35 mins!!!! ( I'm lonely and have no friends)
Foot
Your last video with this game made me to Watch all of your videos
Is droid a Muslim!???
MORE. needs Nogla and terrorizer!
I love your voice have a good day.
1793rd comment
Hey smii7y am a big fan i really enjoy your vids
This game is almost as good as gta vids😂
#1 trending🎉
can you please bring back powerwash simulator, one of my favs c:
Play it again 🙏
"Move" in spanish is "movimiento"👍
Mat becoming the friend everyone needs paid it forward in the end
19:00 goated reference lmao
My dog will literally sit next to me and watch your videos with me 😂he loves them! Especially this one
wait this is just tremor
This game good, you play well
finally i love theese vids
Is it just me or does it look like the hat in the thumbnail looks like Donald Duck’s hat
I love when they try to talk spanish and move in spanish is "movimiento" but is better if you say "yo me muevo poquito" that means i  do a small move
PLEASE MAKE A PART 3 IM GONNA LAUGH😂
That ending was stressful af
There's a beta for this game, which gives the worm more powers. It includes a temp. silent mode, making the sand hot (which damages the pardners), a sand storm, grandslam, and a few more. For the pardners, there's also some objects they can have, like a knife that lets them get out of one worm attack free, a zipline, a necronomicon, and some more. It's SO fun ahaha, I'd 10000% recommend trying it out!!!
More
Yes finally another video of this game
this game is basically dune sandworm
read sandworm as sandwich. mod idea
I love this game it’s so funny 😂
Expensive
Yess! I loved this game when you first played it
why do SMii7Y have youtube on white mode
The Scott Pilgrim swear sound effects ❤
That berry is a dragon fruit
Smitty is the most non-texan texan I've ever seen and I love it
Yes amazing please keep putting these out
*me watching my favorite youtubers* YES MAKE MONEY
This game is basically Tremors, but funny.
MORE
Left work early to study but this is video is way more important
Lov this
Yes! I wanted so bad for you to play this again
Fellas, move in spanish is mover Just add a R
The last pov of the guys but bestnone worth the wait
Can the worm be AI???   Cause that would be a great game to play..... absolutely no idea where the worm is.  That would be terrifying
I was about to say first then i realized i have a life.
This game reminds me of tremors don’t u think 1:01
I’m so glad you guys played this again
The fact that about 16 hours ago i watch the worm video again and smii7y upload this is crazy
can you guys try playing Splatoon 3? :)
dude just put in a scott pilgrim censor
We need more rounds like that last one shits way too fun to watch
please make more! I always loved the last episode or two of these videos.
Smii7y I love your videos
life if wormblox
Worm game
You made this video today wow❤ love you thow men😊😊
PLEASE PLAY IT AIGAN PLEASE!!!
0:36 His editor uses white mode Youtube!? This is blasphemy!
I have a game recommendation try party animals
Watching you guys while being sick is the best medicine ever created keep doing what your doing guys!!
So glad you guys played this game again!
More.
Egetibop
😂
Loved last train out of worm town, was so sad when I realized they only played it once. Haven’t even watched the video and I know it’s gonna be amazing
24:40 to 25:20 felt like an entire movie sequence when Smii7y jumped out to distract Droid and get Grizzy on the train and got back in the nick of time. Plus Puffer yelling at him to go and get back on lmaooo.
Amazing
now play terraria
Milk worm
what is tremor’s
It’s Dune, but if Dune was cowboys and also more unhinged than it already is-
i love it
matt was mvp 100%
"STAMPEDE!!! STAMPEDE EARL! GET OUT OF THE WAY! GET OUT OF THE WAY!" -Val from TREMORS
Wait! I heard there’s a revival mechanic in this game! How 2 Revive:You know when a human dies,they drop their heart in a jar? Well that’s exactly what you need to revive! U need to go to the church(a building in a yellow area find it during a match) Then drop the heart item. And Presto! Your ally is back! I don’t know if there’s a max revive count, but you also can be the savior(for reviving the most people). Check the player stats for that! And that’s how u revive your friends! See you in the next video of this!
Play more
Honestly the vibe this video got feels like the good old gmod days
damn i gotta watch tremors again
Should get all the boys together for this,
this is my favourite game smi7y has played except for the multitude of spy videos!
GIVE US MORE PORFAVOR
play this again, they updated it and added guns💀
Petition to have these guys play the current beta, which gives the Worm options for abilities other than the scream
What do you call a happy man                                    Woman get it 😅😅
this game is more balanced than dead by daylight
28:27 I love that man Idea
26:33 When I see Kryoz near dynamate
22:46 Me when See my friend playing Granata
20:44 POV Babies when hungry
19:57 YEET!
19:46 Me when Hear Chinese Cantoonese
Man, at 18:55 I never realized how much I miss SeaNanners. 😢 The good ol days of the Hidden. And I can smell you. 🌊🍌
19:16 Bing Chilling!
SMii7Y play chivalry 2 I dead
i love that smii7y basicly does what ever he wants to do as a job
18:39 poor Grizzy
15:22 ALLAH AKBAR!
oh wow this is just like tremors
11:22 Kryoz complaint Worm just scream
YES I WAITED TILL U MADE MORE WITH THIS GAME
10:13 The desperate
9:10 Masya Allah Cactus Fruit
Im kinda upset that smii7y is only #2 on trending
3:04 Matt doing the Worm Scream
Who tf said "mashallah"💀💀 9:11
Its kind of wholesome seeing them help eachother after almost saying the n word to eachother
Best game here
8:50 Me when see my last breath
WTF is Tremors?
We need more of this game please its amazing
6:00 MF trying to be dog
Have you guys tried “Terraria”?
4:38 Worm but he going circus
Pls play more milky boi
This looks just like Tremors!
0:54 Commentatory history be like
I watched the first video like 20 times lmao
As a well adjusted adult, I tried the Here’s Wormy to my gf in bed today. The result is exactly what you all would expect. Was funny for me though so it was worth it :)
12:44 why can i hear that worm screaming FUUUCK
Smithy be like chilling after devouring his friends
I've been sick the last few days and this is really cheering me up. Thank you so much for making my day better guys! :))
SMii7Y is the reason I bought so many games... he's done it again
Lets goo Chaotic banter is here 😂
Yey sequel !!!
So, is the game like Tremors?
I just love the first time you guys played this yall stayed out of the sand😂
Love the Scott pilgrim censors
I must ask is there any mods for this game that would be hilarious
It’s like tremors
Wow this game is just like tremors!
the game just got an update with new worm abilities and new items for pardners so... please more wormtown
Chaotic and great
WOOOO! CHAOS LETS GOOOO!!!! i love this
It’s like Tremors
does jumping make you visible to the worm? if not try moving only when in the air after jumping 🤣
33:06 again puffer being selfish and fucking it up for everyone else
now do this with 3 worms
“Alright boys bring it in field” when droid is the worm is an A Class joke
I wish you could customise the worm
The newest update for this game has Items and Worm abilities now, I can only imagine the utter carnage
Hahahahahah bring more back 😂😂
MOREEEEEE
15:34 its always the shitters talking smack hood job smii7y
Finnaly again I began to wonder if you and your freinds were even going to play it again
MORE
Love this game
please play the sinking city
pls more whos your daddy or stickfight
Blarg yelling "I REFUSE TO LEAVE MY FRIENDS" is the coolest thing I've heard, deserved w
my fav game on this channel after GTA
this game gud
Yooo Blarg a real one for going for the revives instead of saving himself
God I love this game 😂
day 84 of asking smiley to play pixel gun 3d
The fact that we got half an hour of this, is pure gold
Bagel 🥯
#2 trending for gaming holy crap smii7y great job dude you’ve come so far keep it up man.
Please play bread & fred with John 🙏
More rubber bandits I have been begging it just nevergets old I love when you upload😂
Wish I can time travel back to the day you released the first video of this game... ever since that day
You have friends?
smii7y family friendy :)
the bass in the lil track between clips is crazy on airpods
Please do more of this game
We need more videos with kryoz!!
Best worms ive ever wormed 😅
The SeaNanners reference!
I am loving the scott pilgrim versus the world naughty word censor sound effect
WORM TOWN
19:00 what I would give to see them play with nanners again
Love that scott pilgrim vs the world censor at the start
Gihe got
Can confirm: “here’s wormy 🍆” a hit with the women who love jokes 😂
I was going to recommend coming back to this, very happy to see the return
play this with mods
I know that censor sound effect from anywhere 0:19
More Goat simulator. Now. Or seklse Boy. Fr fFR FcklxkONg
yessssss i loveee this game
do it again
in case you didnt hear this yet, this game is basically tremor
Oh so it’s like tremors
This game kinda like tremors
First time I've seen this game  So it's like tremors
Yoo it’s the tremors game
18:50 I never thought i'd hear SMii7Y say " *I'm channelling my inner Seannaners right now* " in in this era of gaming, yet here we are.  _The banana dolphin laugh never stops_
5:25 - “LETS DO 2 WORM’S”             Welp; when is the 1 HUMAN vs 5 WORMS happening then????
How to pay respects: _Press 'F'_ For other instructions, please see: 28:12
I like how in most semi-serious or puzzle games and such, smitty has 0 skill. But if it's chaotic or inherently stupid, he is a god
This is just like tremors 2
That ending was cinematic as hell
Kryoz character dancing samba 😂
28:25 "Yeah, yeah, si, si" 😂  (Yes, I know he said "I see, see", it just sounds funny if you think he spoke spanish there 😂)
You should play this more
AH youtube light mode
ok so basically the game is like the movie tremor?
I can’t wait till they put ass blasters in this game
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaq
my favorite milkbag
22:25 nice
"I JUST KILLED MY OWNER!"
More!!
Puffer is a true sweaty gamer😂
love the game more plz
Just like tremors
Pls play this on smii7t mines🙏
I am disappointed with the lack of buh nuhnuh nuhnuh
Blarg the real MVP
The first video of this game is one of my favourite watches of all time and when I saw this I got so hyped please keep playing this with more and different people
Dune the cartoon game
my internet dies constantly when im playin games
es chistoso verlos intentar hablar español,  move => moverse,  poquito move => moverse un poquito ???quizas
this game like Tremors
MOAR
Top 21 on trending!!!
Dude your videos made me buy this game. It’s actually so fucking funny.
Neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddddddd moooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeee
YESSSSSS!!!!!! I never thought that I would ever be this entertained by a Barney style drawing animation of a dead cheesy SYFY series about sand worms. 😂
What’s the vid before the notification went out… haven’t watched the entire vid yet alr know it’s going to be a real good banger!!! Wow i just earned cool points😎😎😎
Lmao. I watched 36 minutes of this and I still want more. Y’all are hilarious aren’t ya!
Nah, bro, it's like Dune.
Nice
You know it’s like that movie tremors right?
Yo it's just like Tremors
... Why waste time and not finish the objective at the end?
more More MORE
3:18 like how it cut out the part when puffer said “you did!”
I LOVE THIS GAME KEEP IT UP ❤❤😊
Ayo this og png tuber got the rbg key board and mouse
genuinely amazing game for videos love to see more!
what the fuck is tremors
This was good the cowboy game is better
evert time I see Smii7y post a video on any of his channels brings me joy.
play the long drive
18:59 right here god i miss seananners so much i want him to come back and thank you milkbag man for reminding me of him im.go watch his videos after this thank you so much keep up the great videos and maybe youll see this
you guys should play gigabash
YES TYSM
The seananners reference brought me back man
Every video I see of this it's like the worm's got a sixth sense and then I see the worm player's point of view and wonder how any of it even works.
WE NEED MORE OF THIS!!!
I heard beans.
The train depart timer resetting if you rez your friends is absolutely genius 😂
Gaw damn... clearly people loved this game since it got you on the 2nd spot for trending on gaming xDDD
Smi77y since october is near can you play "Don't look away" like the game grizzy and pezzy played
15:19 Smitty really was MJ with that slam dunk on Puffer
I thought it more like Dune
I wish seananners would make surprise visits. I miss his laugh.
BRING BACK RANCH SIMULATOR! PLEEEEASE!
Just like tremors y'all should watch tremors I should watch tremors
smii7y using the scott pilgrim bleep sound from aubrey plazas character in the movie lol love it
MORE! MORE!
Please play the purge dilemma
Yay more last train outta worm town
I already sa× grizzy's video but this is so good is I'm watching it anywyas
This game is kind of like tremors
yesssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!
or maybe Guns Gore & Cannoli 2
“You hiding stop hiding, Smitty when i catch you Smity ooh when i catch you smi7y smitty when i catch you smitty” 5:57
The fact smiity combed them XD
The next step is 4 worms vs 1 human
I was wondering why John says "why my eyes inside my mouth?" I laughed so hard at that
Smii7y just doing random ass metal vocals
that last round was epic af
they should play TF2
Fuck yes, more Wormtown  I fucking LOVE Worms.
Finally another goofy ahh gummy worm scari wideo but god daym a 34 minute video thats a perfect timer
mor
6:51 bro became the main character in that round
Can we commend Smii7y for being the most intimidating worm for the rest? Especially when "playing with his food."
all my homies love last train outta wormtown
👒 🍞  Howdy
Yesss smi7y is backkk  to wormtownn wooo!
this is literally my favorite game you guys have played holy shit. i have watched every pov 🤣
Now I need to see seananners play this
YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH MORE WORM CONTENT
"I will not leave my friends!" What a legend, he didnt even know the time would reset.
MOOOOORRRRREEEE WWWWOOOOOORRRRRRRMMM
MOOORREEEE
Someone gotta make this game but better I wanna see like horror movies graphics man show me R rated tremors
Try subnautica
we live, we love, we lie
The censoring at the start of the video give me Scott Pilgrim vibes lmao
1 month and 22. days of asking smii7y to play dead Island 2
I love watching Smii7y play this game!
keep up the great vids man
YEAAAHH THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES ON THIS CHANNEL
it like tremors
I love it when u play this game!
32:38  I need a hero!  I’m holding on for a hero til the end of the night!  He’s gotta be strong and he’s gotta be fast and he’s gotta be fresh from the fight I need a hero! I’m holding out for a hero til the mornin light He’s gotta be sure and it’s gotta be soon and he’s gotta larger than life
My man knows how to make some one not disappointed 😂
Oh wow, the game got an update with a new QTE to escape the worm's maw. Honestly, looks much better than the spinny arrow and dots.  And ha, man, those of us who knew of Tremors REALLY made ourselves known last vid, eh?
Pet died today, good vid to keep mind off it 👍
It’s a fun game to watch just chaos
If I buy the game and want others to play with me how many can use the friend pass version?
I wish there was more work gameplay in these videos, no one everseems to want to show it in their vids
This is exactly the sequel I wanted
“Broke into the wrong g*dd*mn Rec room, didn’t you, you b*stard!” Can we get some f’s in the comments for Burt Gummer R.I.P. the boy at least he went out the way he wanted.
YESSS I FUCKING LOVE THIS GAME
More
W
I love this
Loved the first time, loved this time. Thanks for playing this again, this game is great!
Cant click fast enough when i see that smii7y posted a video
Can someone tell me why he is censoring his videos now just wondering
Moooorrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeee
Yoooo congrats on 3rd on trending
matt is definitely a real one for that team res against all odds
I dont know if yall know but this game is like tremors you know tremors the movies its like that
pls pley agin
Can all Canadians have the Scott Pilgrim bleap. Only makes sense.
This is just like dune
Wut Tremers?"
MORE WORM CONTENT
smii7y turned away for 0.5 seconds and  a worm comes and tries to take a bite out of him
So it's basically tremors
YUESS MORE
The scream I can only describe as a Mario scream at 4:02 made me lose it
Y’all should play depth it’s like this with sharks and it’s goofy af
But smii7y I don't know about tremors
A new video from SMi7y gives me pure joy
At the 5 hour mark this vid had 38k that is success
17:20
was waiting for another one!
From Personal Experience I can tell you right now "Here Comes Wormy" Has had 100% guaranteed my single status. i'll tell you what.
Y did I read the title as “sand storm”
Post more teardown
This is my favorite video in a long timeee! ❤
Never makes sense to me I feel like smi77y has been trending for years but only at 6 mil sub big sadge 😢
I've been waiting for you to play this one again
Wow just like fuckin Tremors Wow just like fuckin Tremors Wow just like fuckin Tremors Wow just li-
Love the movies series this is based off of tremers is one of my favorite movie series ong
This is exactly what I needed in my day You guys need to play even more of this game
I fucking love this game
Yay more of my fav game
Matt would 100% be the crazed dynamite expert in the action movie that is the milk crew. They'd need to get throw like 100ft of concrete and steel/titanium  and crap or whatever. Mr milk would be like "There's no way to get through this" grizzy walks in the room and says "I know a guy that can get us through that easy" it smash cuts to Matt in an underground bunker waking up from sleeping on a bed of c4 and he just gets up and snorts gunpowder before shouting "THATS THE BEST WAY TO WAKE UP!!"
32:43 matt going back to get the heart and revive as many people as he could was a true testament to his character, that was beautiful 👏🏽😂
26:40 best part by far
Smii7y screams like Tom from Tom and Jerry and he laughs like elmo
so dune right? cool 😎
The spirit of "Tremors" is alive and well. Graboids are going to getcha!
A snowman with a 3rd  chromosome
No lie, any SMii7y video with his friends, is part of my daily routine 🤌🏼
perfect timing vid for my food part 2
Just gotta say SMii7y I've been whatching your content for years now I just love your content makes me laugh every single time i come back and whatch it never fails keep up the hard work man love the content
mannnn this was a great video
We need more games like this.  Something about it just so fun to watch.
why is upload so late
I watched noglas video originally I am so glad you are making videos on this game as well.
That last round was the most intense, high octane round ever. What a clutch by Matt.
I think it's like Tremors
Y’all should play ultimate chicken horse!!!
the last game was the most intense moment I might have seen on this channel
I would like to see how funny it would be if you guys just got so angry that you swapped to your native languages, if you guys have a native language that isn't English.
i wonder sometimes if Smii7y is sain because when he shows us his yt profile in his videos it's not on dark mode
Top ten anime betrayals starring: Grizzy, Droid, Puffer, Blarg, Kryoz, and Smii7y
This game needs a vr update
this is dune the game lol
hehe =]
Play moreeeeeeeeeeeeee
So tremors the game? Nice
How dare you have never seen tremors, that shit is amazing, this is literally tremors but it's great
Who said mashallah 9:07
Genuinely the best group of people to watch play ANY game together
Tip for next time you play caol is worth way more than bed and stuff like that
Dude kryoz's freaking mad voice is th funniest crap ever I swear
I love how matt said are u trying not to be seen Smii7y: yeah Matt: proceeds to run circles around him, a true friend if i ever see one 😂
Smii7y gets a purple heart for saving the Grizzly bear, AKA Grizzy. Congratulations, and thank you for your service.💜
WE NEED PARTY ANIMALS NOW
Yay! More Tremors!
This video made me laugh so much like all of your videos.
smii7y i love u , always there when im really down :D
Shit crazy ngl
This is the best smii7y when I am depressed you put a smile on my face
ITS PINK ITS ALL SQUIGGLY ITS THE ALASKAN BULL WORMMMM!!!
What if u mood it
Omg this game is like tremors
Play it Again>LMAO
Party animals
Shoulda walked without rhythm. He would t have attracted the worm.
When we gettin a face reveal
I really enjoy this game
every vid is so funny w mans
I liked my own comment
smii7y intros are a flashbang
32:44 idk why I but when I saw this I think of the song that goes I’m prepared to sacrifice my life
YOOOO
Kinda wanna play this game with friends
26:15 "mover poquito, poco movimiento" here let me help you mi amigo :)
I love you guys playing this game
This is Dune in a nutshell
I love the seananners reference,man would I love to see seananners and smitty on the same team in gmod, that would be a good day…
I was just rewatching the other video!
26:17 it’s something like poquito Movimiento or something like that btw
Solid content bruv
I love this BUT FINISH VIEWFINDER PLZZ SMIITYYY
It's like tremors, btw just letting you know
Less go smii7y gave us more worms!!!
Not the stuffy bunny reference 😂😂
That moment at the end when Puffer and Droid got revived, and all three of them started running together to the train, it was probably the most action movie type of sh!t that has ever happened in this game
Yes! I was hoping you'd play this again!
Hi
I'm only 5 days older than Grizzy and I've seen Tremors.
love when you play this game
I was waiting for this..
Soon it's dune
love seeing this game on your channel
I love this
Me patiently waiting for episode 6 of if I die we all die minecraft series
Nice a new smity video realeased on my birthday
Tremors is a great movie and this game is exactly like the movie.
You guys should really play horror games, that would be so funny
this is all i wanted thank you
This game is ur life now bro nothing else only worming and eating John
Here’s wormy😂🥴
Fill me with oooey gooey content smithers
I’ve waited 2 months
Oh shoot this game like dune lol jk
Cartoon Tremors is awesome and I love it Smii7y🥰😃👍🤟
I LOVED THIS VIDEO. THANKS FOR BRINGING IT BACK
PARDNERS ARE WORM FOOD
Chop chop game boy, wheres part 3
"Channeling my inner sea nanners."  Gotta love the classics.
Someone said try saying here's wormy during sex and we all know none of them are getting laid😂😂
26:46 Derpixion stuffy bunny moment
Did grizzly say mashallah? If he did good
am i the only one who loves seeing the little milk bag guy- i see more of the sprites and love whoever made them, hope to see more soon!
imagen thet you are not sub
*Tremors the first movie just wait for the update with Shriekers and Assblasters*
I beat elden ring when I was watching this video
Blarg bean moments instead of expired milk
i feel like this would be even cooler if it was night time
Matt is the goat for choosing to rez his teammates over escaping.
o
I'm gonna miss you when you eventually retire with your billions of dollars.
I missed this so much
HOWEY partner im from the gayest of gayest
its like tremors
POGGAHHHHHHHHS
18:58 NEVER would I expect Smii7y to randomly reference the goat Seananners! 0_0 XD  Especially nowadays since he hasn't been as active =(
smii7y talking shit about multiple worms and then showing them up by winning as a solo worm is so good
I watch the last video of this game like 4-5 times because I haven't laughed that much for like a year so ty for making another video! ^^
GIB MOOOORE, I love you guys playing this game
i am so glad this is back!
Bro good video man
I’m so happy he did more of this game
and tremors is just a dune reference.
31:15 smii7y quotes holy diver by dio here
By the way, the devs just updated the game to have much more interesting Wörm gameplay.  We now have additional abilities, such as "dont touch the sand", "stealth wørm", "Nice try, fucko, that was quicksand", etc.  Also, the game is free to play if you only play private lobbies and someone owns the game
Guys it’s literally like tremors. 🤨📸
This game introduced me to Smitty's channel so I'm glad we get to see another one
21:34 ima steal that and use it tomorrow
smii7y can we get a heavenly bodies pleaseee
Was disapointed the last video was 10 minutes, 35 is a much better video
I bet smii7y uses light mode on everything cuz whites a part of his brand
GOD DAMMIT I SPOILED IT FOR MYSELF.. I SAW GRIZZYS POV
Mooooooooooooooooore
Hey Smii7y it sounds like you havent heard about tremors
I would love to watch this live!
I got my first warzone win today
I don't know why.  But I love the shenanigans that occur with this game.
Can’t wait for smii7y to hit 10mil.
por alguna extraña razón me hace gracia escuchar al smiit7y hablar en español fdkjngskjfng
Dude I can't believe MATT came in clutch that hard!!
Jumped in to say FUCK DROID and dislike the video. Come on Smitty, you're better than this
we need more of this but next time try do 1 person vs like 4 or 5 worms
makes series
I loved when you played this game for the first time, and I’m so glad you’re making another one.
2 worms, one guy
This is one of my favorite games to watch as of recently! It's addicting to watch-
Hey just an idea (you don’t have to do it if you don’t want to or feel like doing it) you should play Ultrakill for a solo video, I bet you would find it fun and that people would like it, it’s a pretty fun game that I think you’ll enjoy at least somewhat
This game somehow manages to be scarier than many horror games or films
Quit YouTube your a bad youtuber
Peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ter
Dave 36. Please bring back a battlebit.
Never stop uploading this game it’s the best
make more on this bro its so good
With this game being a literal W I think it needs emotes thoughts
Oh god all those people saying “Oh ItS TrEMorS” is cringe 😬
Genuinely one of my favorite games to watch you play. So much chaos!!
32:47 Matt really pulled the power of friendships and gained anime power at the last second😂  My god that's so epic 😂
3:39 "this is our safety corner" You've doomed them
I never thought that Matt would be such a hero!
where can you find this game
Day 60 till Smii7y responds back.
Fellow spanish/LATAM fan here, and that "poquito move" skit killed me, thanks for the great laugh! xD
I kinda hate that they censor out curse words now
We've been blessed by smii7y once again with a 35 minute video
Bro this shit is just like tremors Smii7y
I love watching your videos, because there are times I am laughing so hard I need to pause to catch my breath. Thanks for making these videos.
These guys should play deep rock galactic!
Thank you for the video
We need more of this please😂😂😂😂
Smii7y complaining about 2 worms and lost meanwhile Nogla got bullied by 4 worms ang still win🤣🤣
One worm to rule them all…
idk but every video will make me laugh keep the amazing work and do more rounds and this game its very intertaining
Love this game
Yo this game is like tremors
Actively hyperventilating cuz my favorite guy posted a sequel to my favorite vid
this is literally just tremors.
YES thank you for playing this again ❤
Love this game
video idea: make out with john.
Pleas play more of this I think every one wants more of this
Literally bought this game yesterday from your video, and then I see you upload it for a second time?! Talk about perfect timing
YESSSS LONGER VIDEOS PLEASE
I would like to see a water or ice map too.
man he’s dead
PLEASE SMII7Y HUG ME SO TIGHT THAT YOU SHATTER MY RIB CAGE AND CRUSH MY LUNGS 🙏🙏🙏
Wait until they find out they can revive each other
Yay more sandworm
So it's like tremors
The prequel to this was the first smi7ty video I watched
Is Smii7y secretlyTom Brady those are super bowl mvp stats
2:57 hook worm
THE SCOTT PILGRIM BLEEP
ITS BACK YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Honestly this game kinda reminds me of Tremors
This is probably one of the funniest videos you have done, God dam bro xD
It’s tremors but a video game
Just sing my way by frank sinatra or else, friend.
Stickfight.
I'm so glad this game is being played again
I dont know why its so hilarious to see you guys play this specific game.. probably the utter chaos and panic.. but its unreasonably hilarious 😂
Welcome back to last train out of home town the game that turns off my power during my recording
The censor noise used is making me want to watch Scott pilgrim for the 500th time
I pray to our lord SMii7Y for more worm
Based SMii7Y
Please make another GTA five modded races video❤
More pls
I could smell grizzy’s breath every time he yelled
Idk who but I swear I heard someone doing the goofy laugh/yell
i disliked my own comment 😐
We got the Scott pilgrim bleeps
are u ever going to play warzone again?
Make THIS A SERIS
Tarkov
High IQ Snowman
I consume drywall on a daily basis
Love this game yall make it so much better
14:05 "BANAH NA NA"
YESS LETS GO A LONG ASS VIDEO WITH HIM PLAYING THE BEST GAME
Day 41 of asking smii7y to pin me (I'm gonna go to 60 and then I'll give up maybe I'll got to 69)
I need more! I’ve watched it 2 times since it was posted! 😂  Edit: Now it’s three times😂
More cod pretty please 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Smiity I love the vids keep up the great work your videos always make me laugh
11:36 he had that Doflamingo laugh
YES MORE WORM TOWN
Man is useing the bleeps from Scott pilgrim
The chaos
Finally
So its basically tremors
As a fello hispanic I laughed so hard when they were trying to speak Spanish, I just love how non spanish speakers try to say words 😂
Can you play Over cooked
It's like tremors
Damn, “Marco-polo: the wormening” would be so fucking scary
I’ve been playing this game so I know (kinda) the experience
Matt quotes in the replies? "A SECOND CREEPER HAS HIT MATT!!"
this man is the only reason i got through COVID
oh thank GOD droud and kryoz are here! this has got to be good.
YES MOREEE SNAKe WE NEED EVEN MORREeEEE\\ snAke Vidios
SMii7Y why did you leave vanoss and the others
Didn't think other people thought what tremors were
YES!!!! I was so hoping for another wormtown vid!!
PLAY TF2 NOWWW!!!!
this game is bad
U never disappoint  when u post good funny content keep it up
i love puffer
Yippppppe
YES! I was hoping for more of this!
Reminds me of tremors
The intense screaming at the end 😂
I love watching this game
Day 3 of asking smii7y to play more Deep Rock galactic
hey just to let you know this game is just like the movie tremors
Need more worms
wowie its like tremors you know tremors like the tremors its really like tremors
Make more plz now this game is literally the funniest thing to watch and you’re the only channel that I like watching it on
Yasss Smii7y always uploads hilarious games 😂
Let’s be honest this game is one of the best
y'all should score to see who's the best haha. one worm round each and the worm gets a point for each person that doesn't escape and each person that escapes gets a point
WORMS!
Smii7y suicide bombing puffer
I want more
Last Train Outta Worm Town was the first video I ever saw you guys play in and I've been hooked since, but if you're bringing it back I have no excuses now, subscribed XD
Loved the Seananners comment
play trailmakers😅
I went from a smii7y plus guy to main channel guy
When smii7y post something my day becomes bussing fr fr
its is like tremors
Please play this more
"turns out you guys really enjoyed this game the last time we played it" yeah bruh you're literally the reason I bought the game at all
YES WORM GAME IS BACK
just wait till they figure out how to super jump halfway across the map as the worm
Im still waiting for the end of sons of the forest
Its not el move its Muévete con un poco de acento/move with a bit of an accent to it
Wow this is awesome they should make a movie about worms that pop out of the sand and eat people! Could name it something that's an aspect of the horror, like maybe Vibrations or Rumbles, idk just spitballing here
It should be called perfection vally
Dont ever stop! Love ur vids😂
My sides omg 😂
This is game is hilarious to watch yall play😂😂
Let’s gooooo
Bro I love worm town and you should play the new worm town update
THEYRE BACK WITH THIS GAME LETS GOOOO
Hey that games like tremors
Worm game. Ye
2hours 😊
YAY I MISSED THIS
26:18 Move in spanish is "mover"
1:00👏😂
Yay its back!
LET'S GOOOO Baby, that's what i have been waiting for!
YT stop crashing, you’re not being Ddosed like destiny.
Real quiz I want to see how many subs I can get without making a video now let’s see so consider it if you want
Can you do stumble guys again and fall guys
I’ma Enjoy this😏
it's like tremors...
This takes "babe, would you love me if I was a worm" to new levels
Yay, more of this fun
🐢
HE DID IT AGAIN
pp
hi smii7y so glad that you posted a sequel love the vids havent watched the whole thing yet but excited to watch it!
this game i kind of like tremors u know. big worm, desert, people etc. it does give off tremor vibes
Pleaseeeeeee do more, love this game
Just walk without rhythm, and you won't attract the worm.
what happed to the intro music?
Striking true terror just like the banana man
No pananananan when seeing a skull?? Dissapointing
this was literally so freaking funny. ive never laughed so hard in my life, holy shit
PLEASE KEEP PLAYING THIS GAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Smii7y please don't play games based off whether your audience likes them or not. You should play games that you genuinely enjoy, no matter how much the audience likes/dislikes it.
Keep up the good work
If you press ~ you can ping where you are and if you hold right click and press ~ it will ping where you’re aiming
LET'S GOOOOOOO
YEAHHHHHHH I LOVE THIS GAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE MORE WORM EATING TING GAME PLEASE!!!!!!!!
You should definitely try overcooked 2. I think it would be quite funny
Besind
Move in Spanish is Mover, and Mover in Spanish is Agente de mudanzas.
You gotta play the game again! They recently added an update so the worm has 2 selectable special ability slots aside from the worm roar
Yes!  The Tremors game again!
This is just like Tremors 2
Guys I am watshing dis wen I got un mushtach in my for had and I am drunk
I feel like the do the raor kid but instead of asking for a raor im asking for more da-
You guys should play Terraria 🗿🗿🗿 day 56
They actually just updated this to, the worms now get two other powers they can customize at the start screen and there’s more special items that help the partners fight the worm.
After watching your Among us, Golf, Minecraft and Uno videos I thought I'd check up and was surprised to see you still upload which is nice to see
worm.
Good content
MORE OF THIS GAME YAAY!
When he said crazy and my mind went straight to - crazy? I was crazy once, they locked me in a room, a rubber room, a rubber room with rats
YES ITS BACK 😂
PLAY THE CHEF GAME AGAIN PLEASE
I love this game so much, glad you Came back to it
Can you do more cod zombies and mw2 zombies?
pillow
O
O
O
I think I speak for most of us when I say I would never object to ya'll playing more of this.
Wait until the next episode when they realize they can revive each other
WHAT THE FUCK IS TREMORS
I do quite enjoy half an hour of goofy milk Canadian
No one: The thumbnail 💀
I love this game especially when you play it
I love this game. It's so underated. Im happy you guys played it again. It's also really fun to see it from different POV.  And one more, i don't know if you guys already know, but the new update is including new night cycle if played long enough.  I don't want to spoiled it, but when night time, something interesting  might happen for the worm. It's also got more intense and scary.
everyone in this video rules
Can't wait for part 3 with all the worm powers
That last round was the stuff of legends.
This game looks so fun!
YEAAAAAAA
I liked my own comment
Tremors on crack :)
i wanna see the witty smii7y play ultra kill
The first video of this game was what got me to subscribe, so glad it’s got a part 2!
I saw Grizzy upload his version of this video earlier today and I was like, “ I’ll just wait until SMii7y uploads his version of this video” And here we are.
WE. ALL. NEED. MORE. OF. THIS. GAME.
Just had a really hard day and saw your video and it made me so happy keep on posting
OMFG YESSSSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR U TO PLAY THIS AGAIN AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
do all but one are worm
YESSSSSIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Yo y'all played 2 worms and already suffering, Nogla in the last video was up against 4 worms and SURVIVED
"I'm channeling my inner seananners right now" is such a blessed line from Smii7y. Throw back to Adam playing The Hidden and being way too fucking good at it!
*_ẅųŕm_*
Do warzone pls
26:50 fucking Pharaoh’s curse 😂
You know this game is kinda like Tremors
Common W SMii7Y video
The worm of GOD.
Qiga
what that butt do?!
I was waiting. Now when part 3
It’s like tremors
So did he watch Tremors or what?
I'm so glad they played this game again
YES WE NEER MORE OF THIS GAME
first hour gang, W video Smi77y
more worm content WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
to be honest. took me at least 1 year to realize that smii7y was a milk bag. i thought it was a pillow :)
The Worm hit so hard that Smii7Y's internet died.
YEEEEEEEEEEES
I love these guys they should do more moded rounds they are hilarious to watch.
Nah twos worms boring do three
This game is a lot like tremors.
The 4th time I've been unsubscribed.... wtf YT
PLEASE CONTINUE PLAYING THIS GAME ITS ACTUALLY AMAZING
Did you reupload this or did I hallucinate watching this exact video like 10 hours ago-?
Talk about fear and anxiety, am I right?
MORE WORM
Tremors is a good movie series
ITS BACK! The first video with this game was hilarious and im so glad its back
Idk, but i think this is tremors.
1:00 fresh blood 🤣
Good content as always
YAYYYYY I WANTED THIS HAHAHHAH
The Scott Pilgrim censor 💀
I am. SO GLAD. You have played this game again.
Basically tremors
i just love that it looks like they are playing snake and ladders in 3d
when your internet died your hat was still spinning
You guys are the funniest group ever, can’t wait for u guys to play this game with the special powers
LETS GET WORMMIN
Is it a bad that I watch all of their videos, so I can get each of their perspectives? Lol
Friend I think that used to be a friend now picks a bone with you
Oh hello dinner smiity video
Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room with rats. And rats make me crazy.
I cant be the only person who dislikes thumbs up smi7y found at 0:43 I find it extremely uncanny
Claim your 1 hour ticket here
W O R M G O W I G G LE
The "sir get down" guy died!!1!1
Play more party animals
I am so happy they made another video of this game
SeaNanners.  Now that is a name I haven't heard in a very long time.
27:30 I believe the thought was, "I'm outside of the explosion radius, so the TNT won't kill me." When you didn't think of the train collapsing on your head.
I remember when I saw your first video of this so I bought the game then when I crushed my little brother at it so he broke my computer then ran away to my mom I beat him for 10 minutes after my mom left for work he's eye is pink now PS I DID NOT BEAT HIM ITS A JOKE BUT THE BROKEN COMPUTER IS NOT A JOKE
Here’s wormy ;)
.
This game is kind of like tremors huh?
More 👍
The spirit of christ compels you, Church the real MVP
Love your vids
Love ya smii7y
you can revive if you pick up there heart jar and stuff
Very noice vid
Wooooo! More last train outta worm town!!!!
I love this Tremors sequel
Yo the return let’s go
Ahhhh tremors… :)
Hey smii7y idea if u play again one non worm everyone else worm I think it would be hilarious.
I love it when you play this game please do more of it
We. Need. More.
🔥🔥🔥
Scott pilgrim censors
I miss Read Dead Online, can you do another one.
I love this game
love this game pls do a 3rd one
wanna one v worm me
Is that the same sensor as the one that flats use
I have nothing to live for and want to kill myself everyday, but this keeps me going. thanks.
This will be as funny as hell
I’m glad I watched everyone else’s perspective to know that Smitty was more than on board with two worms😂
i stg noone has actually seen tremors, just the youtube horror recaps
Smi77y eats his friends from bellow
TF is tremors?
Bruh
Hmm? I swear this game is like a movie but cant think of what it's called
return of the banger game!
loll
1 DAMN HOUR AGO? IM EARLY
this is funny and I love your vids also, please do max worms vs max humans
I need more of this game in my life!!!
moAr worm pls
yoo we need more its so funny last time y'all played
It’s about time 😂
Hello
theres only 1 train in the game but your not near it 22:35
Whoa no way i just realized this game is like a cartoon Tremors
Wait so its just a cartoon tremors ? 😂
I want more of this it’s so goooooood🎉
Worm vision should be black n white or something
The Tremors comparison is this game’s version of “you can press R to rotate your nozzle”
Anyone else like watching them play this game from the different POV’s? Like I’ve watched the other channels who posted but I like seeing it from all the different sides.
😱 34min of Smitty aw lawd I thank thee
SMITTY BEST WORMMMMMMMMMM NOM NOM NOM
More ppease your amasing
PLSSSS DO MORE I LOVE THIS GAME
100k+ in a hour, damn
Smii7y and his are so funny
Hey did you know that if you don't move on the sand the worm can't see you>:)
Hey this mf got fake js
1HOUR GANG
one hour gang 👑
First hour
You have to play VR power wash simulator when it comes out🙏🙏
here before 1 hour gang
Lets goo 6 mill for smi7y
Damn ofc smi7y knows chubby bunny 💀
Yeye
Did they scream at the same time at 2:22 ?
Here’s Wormy!
more worm
Anyone who says stuff like “I started making content because of you” is part of the newest wave of bots, please don’t upvote them if you see them.
“Wormin”
Shout out pls
I LOVE THIS GAME  Plz do more, thanks so much Smitty
Yyeeessss my fucking nigga (I have the n word pass)
inner seananners 😄
This game is amazing 😂
Woo over 100k views in a hour dang smii7
Best line in this video, and I will hear no arguments otherwise 18:58 Long live the Nanner King
When I said I wanted smi77y to eat John this isn’t what I meant
This will never end well
When YouTubers say we've noticed that you like this so we decided to Play It again, they really mean You really liked this game so we were forced to play it again
Not grizzys mushulahh
Bruh, Smii7y acting like he Nanners in a hidden video
👦🏾This is jaylen 👕Every time you like 👖He gains aged by 1
I LOVE THEM PLAYYING THIS
Yes another one
As great as this is, I don't think they've even seen the other items/worm abilities, and weather events that can happen.
i want more worm game play pls
I was so intense in the end it was hilarious I loved it
YES
Finally a man who makes it a second time
We need more goofy soccer games
This was nice to watch well sick.
Smii7y looks like an off brand frosty the snowman and in this video he lost his snow balls
8:19 LMFAO
Smii7y, you need to play war thunder with your friends that would be mad.
An hour and almsot a hundred thousand views already?
Blarg 🐸
For the people who have seen tremors
Howdy
woorm
Hii.
When I see  the white  snow man I think  you like kissing boys don't  u
Beans
YESSSS ONLY 50 MINS LATE IV'E BEEN BINGING HIM ALL DAY LES GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SMii7Y great job for blurring very bad words cuz i'm a kid so thanks man
I really like this game but don't have money to buy it please keep playing it
🔥🔥🔥 vid. Quick question where do find these types 9f games?
Yes this game is actually so good
I think this is based off of tremors..
This is like that worm boss fight in mandalorian except completely uncoordinated and nothing like the show
nice more of this game
Bababooey
I’m glad you’re playing this again, it’s so fun to watch!
Love this game.
Been out for 40mins, just over 100k views…. Who’s saying smity fell off?
hey its tremors
A
The original tremors was such a good movie. I also love your stuff, smii7 edit: ayo how you know about stuffy bunny?
This is just glorified red light green light
can you please release more merch
its like termers
This game is just like tremors! XD
hey smitty, i really just wanted to let you know that you have gave me motivation to make videos, i think my first one i made was 8 or 9 days ago, i have 3 videos out now but thank you for making such funny videos , they always make me smile. have a good day
I watched blargs pov before this one and I think I watched grizzys but i can't remember and now I'm watching smii7y iv been waiting for this and this proves they make good content when somebody watches the same video multiple timss
Roblox:blox fruits???
Here before the one hour mark Like if your here as well before the the one hour mark.
The game where "don't worry my dog don't bite".
Did you hear about sonys breach?
Yo Scott pilgrim censor
u deserve 10 million subs
Why do the bleeps sound like it's from scott vs. the world?
Definitely need to get 8 players and one of them has to be nogla😂
Every time he posts this game I know people are going to scream
You should watch tremors tho
Hey idk if you know this or not but this is basically cartoon tremors
Dune Part 2 came out earlier than expected
It was today when i realized why i like smii7y so much, hes the seananners of the next generation 19:00
/e free pin l like that y’all act like yall on nose sugar
I think this might be like tremors 🤔
Worm is good, me like worm!
LOW-IQ SNOWMAN!!!😂😂😂
2:58 you might want to get that checked out blarg
man im dead
Pog
26:39 that Pharaoh’s Curse bit was so freaking funny
looks like tremors
yep, this was the game that made me start watching you           woo
40 min gang
HELL YEAH PLAY MORE❤❤❤
more backroom
9k in 40 minutes here comes part 3.
It’s like tremors but tremors
Yes SMii7y
huh i wonder if they know it's like tremors
I don't think I've ever heard of Tremors
This made me bust. Thank you smii7y
First 10 seconds in, and I want a "20 Gallon Hat" now 😂
i love every vid you make
@smii7y you have to play this game again, the new update brought kits for humans and more abilities for the worm
LETS GO!!! MORE WORM TOWN!!!
Hehehe little does smii7y know I’m already subscribed 😏
21:35 when all the guys laughed I did nothing else but laugh with them🤣and Matt took me out with what he said after “Here’s wormy”😭
You know you like Smii7y videos if you can't live a day without one.
THE SANDWORM IS BACK❤🎉🎉🎉
I’m early ish for once! Love your bids
Wormtown the best
Less than two minutes in and it's already chaotic... 🤣
Im so happy you played this again! I hope they add to this game and make it even more fun.
Early les gooooo
In case you didn’t know this game is like the movie “Tremors”
More MOREEEEEEE
71k in less then 1 hour
damn this game is like tremors
Wow I’m early this time
Yay im the 707th comment
love worm game with smii7y
I am so glad that your playing this game again its hilarious any way hope yor all having a great day
Come get your before 1 hour ticket here!
I started playing and make content and games lol thank you ❤❤
I haven’t refreshed the video and it says “15 seconds ago” and “2 views”
bonk
I got so confused right up until I noticed 2 worms!!!!
ITS LIKE TREMORS
19:00 Didn't expect to hear seananners name in a smitty video
I think that’s the first time I ever laughed so hard I had to poop
33m 💀🗿
Berger
noo why censor fuck :(
Hi
Guys? I don't know if he knows this game is like Tremors :P
Im not gonna ask you again, play boomerang fu
Dude that bleep sound at the. Beginning just made me want to watch Scott Pilgrim vs The world
.
You better
Hi
1 vid a day keeps the depression away
2 Worms 1 Damn Train, CJ
6:20 me in the sheets
within the first 30 mins
Proof Smii7y doesn’t pin comments ;)
663 comments in 28 minutes wow
Man, I've been waiting for a new episode since the first one came out. I hope this turns into a series kinda like uno or GTA 5 free roam
Me: "He looks like a Canadian" Smii7y: "I look like a not high IQ snowman" Me: "That's what I said"
Been watch your vids literally all day
Hello
Yo guys... I think this game is kinda like tremors, yknow the movie?? You don't know..? How stupid of you.
I love this game so much! Please do more!
Hi
Yo
Love it
Nice
Can pls again?
hah funny
I love all the effort you give into your videos keep up the good work
Worm
i love this game. keep playing awesome games you like
I aint gonna lie, i was mid typing out a tremors comment when the tremors bit happened lol
so, let me get this straight, just so we're clear, it's just a copyright free, cartoon version of Tremors? Ok.
tremors is the best movie ever
I LOVE you smii7y can you give me a kiss I give one back here mwa
You really want to fuck with both sides? Have the worm deafen (or have the worms go to a separate chat or both deafen if multiple worms).
👁👄👁👍🏻
Yo, I love you you’re the best bro
Please play with therussianbadger  more! I beg
You should play the new spider heck update
worm time worm time 🎉
Hey smity
I wonder if smii7y+ will overtake smii7y
I love that I just watched the first video for this yesterday and this just can out today
What happen to minecraft series?
Frog Ballz
I love this game it soo funny
Hey nice video
Video is very great but where is Minecraft but if one person does then they all die if only seen the fifth episode is that the last one cuz Smitty said on the 5th episode he said this "next episode we will defeat the dragon"
GUYS i think this game is just tremors
Milk boy, Back at it again, with more funny videos :D
vibdio
Man i love this stuff man!!
This game somehow manages to be scarier than many horror games or films
Egg salad
“I’m channeling my inner Seananners right now, this is nuts” he truly was while stalking Grizzy
smii7y, can we please have more rounds videos?
We love you smitty
thank you, i was looking for another smii7ty video on this :)
I honestly love the content on your channel, I think a good amount of the games you play wouldn’t be as fun with any other crew other than yours. Keep up the great work!
4:23 when he was just standing there calmly and the worm was going at the person in the background 😭
All I do is wait for your videos ong😅
Hi
i liked watching the game so much i got it!
GUYS YOU KNOW WHAT THIS GAME IS JUST LIKE!!!
Smii7y ngl is the best YouTuber to watch mindlessly take it from me I was born without a brain
Play teardown multiplayer thoughts?
Nut
I love you bud
0:03  bro has 20 gollons of hats a day
I liked my own comment
Game name?
nice to see Smii7y go deep throat into some worm action.
I love Smii7y also play Burg on steam
hi smii7y
W O R M
Howde
You know Smii7y is a good YouTuber then it only has been 19 minutes and it has 42k views
Another video more funny moments
He knows exactly what game makes me giggle like a middle school girl
I have to say you are the best Youtuber in my opinion
LETSS GOO, I love this game nice to see you playing again!
This is the earliest i have ever been in a comment section.
Guys I think this game is a lot like Tremors 🤔
i love the look of this game
This game is so chaotic
I love u
kinda early
This game is 🐐
Yay it's bake
Thank you SMii7y
Lets get wormin
Ok, but when does somebody turn this into a First Person horror game? I would LOVE to see Smii7y, Mat, John, And Kyroz play THAT!
Let's keep saying this game is like tremors just to piss Smii7y off. Thoughts?
I really love the part where they said,"Its worming time," and started worming all over the place.
18 minute🎉
Howdy
17 mins
Is the cursing beeping from scoot pilgrim save the world 💀
Yo did i hear the Scott Pilgrim censor noise?
wow the hitboxes for the worms mouth are WAY to big in this game, fekn league o legends hitboxes lol
YESSSSSSSSSS
Hope everyone who reads this has a nice day!
20 mins like button here
I'm accidentally early. Wild.
Road to 7 mil baby
IVE BEEN HOPING YOU WOULD PLAY THIS GAME AGAIN
I love watching you guys play this game. Please more
Yes
You are the best youtuber smii7y I have always loved watching your videos thank you so much
😂
When SMii7y posts u know todays gonna be hella of a ride
This is me restraining and not watching it on the other channels, watching this one first and than going back :)
I LOVE THIS GAME! WOOOOOO
Am I the only one who thinks that smii7y forgot about the Minecraft series
Omg this shit is sooooo funny😂😵
This game remind me of the movie Beetlejuice lol
This man is by far the best YouTuber this year and forever will be.
I’m waiting for competitive e-sport for this game
Earlyy!!🎉 Smii7y will never make me fall to laugh
ITS BACK!!!!!
on god smii7y is the best youtuber
Jaws music starts playing
don’t you love it when you go crazy because you can’t go on the train          crazy?
Damn this game kinda like tremors
Oh man, I'm so glad you goobers are playing this game again. They've had some insane patches recently that might be worth checking out!
Crazy how he has 31k viewers in 14 minutes
love this game!!!
More Warzone or I will make a bomb threat
You have bear fists?      old quote
Finally I've been waited for smii7y and his group to play this game again😊❤😊❤😊❤
Always helps when having a bad day smii7ys vids always make me smile and laugh
I LOVE THIS GAME! Was just binge watching all these guys videos and a Smii7y one pops up! Awesome!
OAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 13 MINUTES IN
is it just me or do you hear te discord call audio in the intro
Am i the only one that realised that in the intro the thumbnail for his last veiwfinder video is different from what it actually is when you look at the video
This was 12 minutes ago and he has 3k likes
Best video
600th
Smii7y, I’ve seen players promoting your channel in CoD, so you might blow up in Aussie viewers
Play more
You know for a fact these goofy ahh games are sleeper bangers when the ensuing Smii7y & friends noises are at top of their chords. 4:01 & 6:13 for example
*Obligatory This game is just like Tremors comment*
Bro got wormed
Wsp
smii7y birgr
I will instantly like if Smii7y does the worm
Hey smii7y it’s like the movie tremors and you would probably go watch it… IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY 😈
Must consume
YES THIS GAME AGAIN
I haven’t seen tremor(though it sound like a good movie according to everyone) but does the giant sand worm from Dune count?
NEW VID LET GO
Les gooooooo!
where is party animals gate three of asking for the new update for you to play it
I thought this was the other video
Grizzy saying "mashallah" goes hard as fuck to be fair.
SMII7Y Play more of this game I know where you live in but I know where you live in the game :)
What it feels like to play hide and seek in the dark as a kid.
I was literally so sad there was only one video of this after watching the first. And now there’s a new upload! Hell yeah!
10 minute gang
props to Smii7y for eating his friends for our entertainment
Videos make my day fe
I love these videos you just make it so funny :)
I’ve never been this early 😭I’m so happy
My 2 favourite games you play are this and party animals
Under 1 hour
WOEM TIME. Literally my new favorite series within the group.
please try and play Garry's Mod there's tons to do and really fun with people would love to see how much hell you guys can cause on that game
20 gallon hats 😂
Hey SMii7Y, why don't you play tabs royal? Or tabs itself? both are hillariosly good
Monke🎉
Trem
Hi
It’s back!!!!
"EHY ARE MY EYES INSIDE MY MOUTH" 1:45
YES! I was hoping to see this game again!
Graboids the game...featuring various unintelligent people....also...a...milk bag? This is weird.
It's been 9 minutes how so many comments
Yes it came back lez gooooooooooooo
This is the earliest i have been omg 9 minutes
Ham Sandwich
i LOVEEEE this game, its so fricking funny  pls make more vids like that
I never expected a sequel to this game much less a 35minute one, but the panicking, screaming and laughing this group has when playing is way too entertaining!
Just realized youtubers post on an actually good schedule, exactly at 3:00. Wow
SSSSSSSMMMMMIIII77777YYYYYY!!!!!!!
Big W video but play uno i dare you
Too 8 min
i love there screams there halioris
Loved the part where the worm said, "It's wormin' time!", and started worming all over the place.
The fact this video has 2.4k likes in 7 mins is insane
I've been subbed since 1 million subs, good job smi7y👍
This should be a horror movie
lets go im so glad you made another one
Tremors the game
I love the new censoring noise.
Under 10 min gang
🎉Under ten minutes 🎉 | §
Hot Garfield I'm early
buh
Coolgame Wlasnie zwalilem sobie konia 🥰🥰🥰
What a wild scream session XD
boink
Yessssss keep playing it
It’s back
I watched the other one today and thought it would be cool to have another one.  What are the odds lol.
Am I crazy or is this a reupload?
Hello
PAT TWOOOOOOOOO
oh so its just like tremors
It got a new update recently
Maybe 2 worms and no Q would work well
smii7y doesn't need to look like a not high iq snowman to be one, because he already is in every video.
Hat gang
I absolutley love this game and the chaotic way Smii7y and his freinds play this. Keep up the great work guys!
When is Smitty going to post more party animals?
Is this game like tremors? :-)
nah this game a banger bro its goofy in every right way and smii7y puts it on another level
Yes I loved the first video that came out. Smii7y is by far the best and funniest YouTuber I’ve ever seen.😂😂😂
Philadelphia
Tremors?
450 in 5 minutes is crazy
Cheese 🧀
bro's using the Scott Pilgrim sound effect to bleep shit, what the hell
2nd like how bro
Five mins and im here
Yo you guys it’s just like the movie Tremors!!!!
This is exactly what I needed in my day You guys need to play even more of this game
coldest smify video
.
I love seeing everyone’s perspective of this game. It makes it so much better!
Why is this game scarier than every other actual horror game combined?!
Im so happy rn!!!😂😂😂🎉 3 fucking mins after it got posted 😂
Let’s go I made it early
Will you be my date to hoco smit7y?
Let’s go first 5 mins comment
Yay back with this game it makes me laugh so hard!
Nice 4min just got out of schools
Yes it's like tremors 😂
You know he’s famous when he’s got 1.7k in 2 minutes
Bro it said 4 minutes ago wow I got here FAST
This game has such simple graphics but is somehow still terrifying
im the 7294th viewer
You move in this game *panic* you stop *kalm* be does the sonar scream *PANIC*
This kinda reminds me of tremors
LESSSSSS GOOOOO I CAN COMMENT NOW
like
You know what game would be fun to watch you play? L4D2 vs
Let’s goooo good day SMii7Y posted
It took me that long XDDDDDDD
MORE PARTY ANIMALS. but I love this game to
potato
🖤
why did you start censoring words?
Tremors
Well it was gonna be the first comment
worm
Funny
Smi77y looks like he has down syndrome 😭
always good to see smi7y upload
nice i love smii7y
great vid!
I been hoping for another video on this
its been out for like three minutes and there are so many comments☠💀
Love your vids smii7y!❤ they make me laugh even when I'm sitting in depression
I replied to my own comment
Never have clicked on a smi7thy video ever
"Let's get to wormin" I do know a thing or 2 about a little wiggle time.
We gettin out of worm town with this one🗣️🗣️🗣️
2 minutes :)
He uses dark mode in those pictures. Good choice.
he took "I like trains" to a different level
Your awesome
howdy
here before 4 minutes
These videos keep getting more crazy 🤪 😂😂😂
I love when smii7y spreads our buttcheeks with great content
Bro I think smi7ty has seen tremors
I got here surprisingly early
Finally early to a smii7y video thats news
What happened to the Warzone videos?
228 place
Hi smitty
When's the Minecraft videos coming back?
deep rock galactic pls
Letsssss go
Yay! More Tremors gameplay!
I liked my own comment
I love it when smi7y spreads my legs and fills me with his love🥰
Got here within 2 mins of upload let's go     Also this game is like tremor btw
Yo this is like TREMORS!
Hope you played here more as a worm
This game is so underated, Why don't more people make videos of this.
Let's go! I've waited for this video for quite some time!
CUM
First comment pls pin
Who think sandworm is funny when played with smii7y and the crew😂
i dont know if you know this but i think this game is based on tremors
Damn it how does everyone get to these videos so fast. First video I've gotten to in a 10 second time period and there's already 80 comments
Yay
Keep posting love your vids
Smii7y you gotta play Project Zomboid and Deep Rock Galactic again
he be wormin and churnin
Hi
Yessssss!!!!!
Love your vids smii7y💖💖
Already 1k views and it wad made a minute ago
This is amazing
Made it in the First minute love ya Smii7y!
3 minute gang
1
Smii7y is my dad
When are you going to play sons of the forest again?
made it in the 300s
Worm moment
"pov" worm
Let’s goooooo
You know it's good when smi7y posts ❤
Love the vids SMii7Y keep up the amazing content
Olla smii7y
I conquered today
Wow we are belssed can i worship you smi77y
Smii7y is a autistic snowman
love your vids keep it up
Just uploaded and there’s like 100 “first comment” holy shit
dang 250 comments in a minute is crazy
Number 8-            80 it's been 1 minute yall way to obsessed
I conquered today
This video is jokes😂
You should play chess :)
I heard a scott pilgrim sound and that alone is enough to get a like
yk its gonna be a good day when smii7y posts
worm
YaY! The last one was really fun so I clicked immediately ^^
33 seconds after upload, new personal best, keep up the great videos Smii7y
Smii7y made another banger on a game nobody knows about 😊
200 comments in 1 minute what the f
Todays a good day with smii7y uploading 😁
This game is just like tremors
Yk it’s gunna be a good day when smi77y posts
So it’s tremors?
We can just all agree that smii7y is just amazing
“BLOW IT SMII77Y” yea not adding anything on to that.
Daddy
Raise a hand if you like milkbags and propeller hats.
OOGER BOOGER
A lot of well-hatted men
WOOOOOORRRRRRRM!!!!!!
1 min gang
Thanks for keeping me from being depressed all these years been subbed since 2017 when I was 14 now I'm 20 living my life happily
you know its a great day when SMii7Y uploads
Already a lot of people
very epic milk man
yyo
206 comment
EARLY !!!
under 10,000 views gang
Smi77y cannot fail to keep us entertained like
I already watched it and can confirm it's the funniest thing ever
More WormTown gameplay??? LETS GOOO
I have been waiting
SMoo7Y is back at it again playing with his friend's worms
Lets get worming boys
Love your videos smii7y their super funny❤
It’s like Dune
love the vids and can you poste more sand worm
First
GET ON DA TRAIN BOIS
Play mortal combat 1 pls
Love your vids
hi
Smitty is just the goat
1 min gang
I liked my own comment
Always love it when smii7y uploads
shaboingboing
So glad he made another video on this!
Wow im early early
Yes!, I was waiting for more of this game
Early
1 minute gang :)
Let's goooo
Milk boy brings me joy
Love your content bro never stop
I love watching them play this game
Play more party animals plzzzz. Also I love your videos you make my day anytime you upload
Me love smi77y
The notification <3
1 min gain
Who’s here early
yas
YES!!! we are back wit another worm game!!!
Yes
I'm so happy you made another video on this game, it was so funny last time
26th view I think
who doent love smii7y and the sand worm vids
1 minute gang LETS GOOOOOOO 😁
Wooooooo first comment, keep up the awesome content dude
Is grezy black?
yas
First comment do the astronaut game for me
Hello!!!!!!!!
First
Keep it up, great content! Also mom said it’s my turn for the pin
Last train in a worm town is so damn funny with smii7y and all of his friends💀🙏
Funny sandworm moments: number 1-
LETS GOOOOOOO Was waiting for Smii7y to post it after I watched Grizzy’s video
Glad this game is back on the channel :D
DUNE IS BACK!
I GOT HERE IN THE FIRST MINUTE LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Beans
You are the goat
love the vids
cheeseburger
Yooooo
Make more formite
love your vids!
Love your vids
We love the worm
Always a good day when smii7y uploads
Everyone should wormscribe
Milk bag ❤
I’ll give u a big fat smooch
secound to like
I wanted a second game play so bad
Can’t stop believing
Woooooo
Hi
Big fan bro ❤❤❤
I love your content smitty
This game looks so fun ❤
Smi7 you have shown me that me and my friends are stupid enought to make content.
Good Smii7y video, anyways-
Can’t believe this I just rewatched the last video you made last night
If there's a hole, there's a goal.
Hehe
LETS GO DADDY SMIT7Y made a new vid
YES
You mind letting me play with you one time
Holy shit i'm the 3rd viwer Never been this early for a game i hardly remember Edit:i realised i'm the first comment!
Ove your videos
First
nice
Smi77y peak
more
I love ur vids do more rdr2 modes videos
NUH UH
Make more fortnite please
G'day everyone
Love the video and ceap it up ❤
First
crazy?
More last train outta worm town yay
no way
This again
Yoooo
I love when smi7y fills us with great content
yoo
1 minute gang
worming
Worm game is game of the year
First comment 🎉
Third
O.o
Hello my man, here 23 seconds after upload, lesssgoo
hi second  comment
Hi
Hola
Yea let's get worm
This about to be a banger
howdy
That is in fact a giant sand worm ready to kill
Sup smitster
I may not be first I may not be last But when smii7y uploads God damn I click fast
Egg are egg
Love from India buddy ❤❤❤
When the worm is worming the worm
37th
First
bruh 37 seconds aggo....lets go early gang
do i get to see smii7y’s worm?
Hi❤
I love SMii7Y
yeehaw
Bum
Hello Smite
I love seeing everyone’s perspective of this game. It makes it so much better.
YES I WANTED THIS GAME BACK SO MUCH THANK YOU SMII7Y
Just saw grizzy pov and can’t wait to watch yours too  Funniest YouTuber on the app 😂
Howdy partner
Haven't watched it fully yet but I already know it will be the funniest shit ever keep up the good work
big worm
:)
Cool
Damn big "worm" smitty
Make more fortnite
W
E
PLAY SUBNAUTICA MULTIPLAYER WITH THE BOYS
howdy
Black
.
One must imagine “worm sand train cowboy hat” 🤔
Love it, his videos always cheer me up with laughs ❤
24th comment so early lol
SMI77Y MOMENT WITH SANDWORM
Kiss me
worming
Hello
I can comform that a titan was here
LETS GOOOOO NEW VIDEO
Smii7y Worm Gaming
I’ve been waiting for this game to come back please do more
Worm game moment
hella early
SMII7Y !!!
W video, the screams are so funny
very cool
“Who said two worms, AHHHH GET IN THE HOUSE!!!!!!”    -Smitty
Let’s goooo first comment
Alright buddy
Balls
Hi
33s
crazy? I was crazy once they put me in a room a rubber room a rubber room full of rats and rats make me crazy. crazy?
Favorite vid I’ve already watched it like 20 times. It’s my favorite vid of all times
Last
❤
Whats poppin?
First also love the vid
It’s back!!!!
Second
under a minute gang again?
Love you man
Hello
Hello
Only real worms can reply to this comment 🪱
❤
A hyug gorsh
W vid
first
bro i’m so early this is crazy
:)
First
I love this game 😂
Wormin’
Hell yeah
first I guess
First
Love you Smii7y!!! ❤❤
It’s a good day when smitty posts
First
Yurrr
Back at it again
Yes
I’m sorry for beating your wife
Incredible
Can i get pinned
First person
2nd and love it
First
W
Wasaaaa
It's back let's goooo!
Second like
Hello
Let’s go
Why 00:00
First
Howdy
First coment
Nice
Worm
Hi
First
First
