GOD ALMIGHTY COMMANDS OUR LOVE A SUPPORT FOR HIS CHOSEN. I AM A CHRISTIAN AND LOVE THEM. IN THE END ANTI-CHRIST WILL FACE THE GOD MAN A ISRElite JESUS AND ALL LAKE OF FIRE CONSUMES BUT NOT DESTROY ALL PEOPLE INCLUDING TERROST IF THEY DO NOT ACCEPT CHRIST. My  all who listen accept. Christ
You need to pray that the Joe Biden peace plan be implemented quickly of moving all Palestinians to the United States
Don't worry Israel Joey Biden has a peace plan, he plans on moving all of my soul Palestinians to America Texas Big John hagee's Church Big John hagee will be wearing his Fez hat his Masonic Fez hat they'll know they'll love that symbol and creflo Dollar and Joyce Meyers love them don't worry about Joe Biden will provide transportation don't worry about it a bit you'll be in lovely Town Town San Antonio Texas Miami Florida Poughkeepsie NY beautiful Missouri oh my God President Joe Biden what a guy
Islam  are  nazi
That one reporter chick needs to slow down and take a breath...she's one giant run-on sentence.
Israel shouldn’t tell anyone anything.
I visited a Christian church in Massachusetts that blew the shofar to come to worship. It is so powerful! I would think that blowing shofar sounds around the world right now would ignite healing, hope and love for our Lord
I doubt the average native Western student keeps a Palestinian flag and typical headscarf in stock.
Gazans' life would be much better under Israelis than hamas who values their death more than their lives
God bless and protect Israel Army
Justice for the Palestinians. The Arab world needs to unite and force Israel to return all looted Palestinian territory. But such an explosive attack would easily be labeled terrorist.  They need to form a political party representing the nation to support the world's justice-loving people to fight for national unity.
I would just like for anyone supporting Zionist colonisation  to take a second and imagine this , imagine a colonial Force comes into America imagine you get kicked out of your homes okay imagine your land gets stolen and settlements built on that land imagine your children getting killed imagine that colonial force using illegal international banned weapons on civilians and more unspeakable atrocities , for over 70 years that has been the realty for the Palestinian people , mow imagine on top of all that people calling you terrorists for opposing this Injustice and trying to liberate your country, and calling for a two state system. Would you be okay with that?
Islam is a religion of bstbarians, savage snd demons. Destroy islam and world will be free from savagery
♥️♥️♥️🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱♥️♥️♥️
I hope the world recognizes that Israel is fighting on the front lines for all of us. We must stand with Israel!. These terrorists are invading all countries and soon it will be in many back yards. Terrorists have the ideology and actions of demons!!!
This is truly an unprecedented war!
Much respect to the Israeli people and the IDF!
https://youtu.be/cteXYBHfQsk?si=3IUejStLjHN4rM1I
Hearts will grow cold in the end days. Jesus Christ
Hamas orders a day of rage around the whole world, I will tell you what is really going on, a world wide takeover by Muslims, with Barak Obama as their Mahdi, claiming himself to be God, while seen sitting in the Temple of God in Jerusalem.
australia banned pro-hamas demonstrators. will deport all those who demonstrate.
so did Australia. it banned pro-hamas demonstrations. will deport such demonstrators..
Scared to invaid Gaza  IDF Israel dyper force of chickens and cowards  I think it's only a blof they didn't intend to invade  heros only in the cockpit 😂😂😂
I24 is always a day late with updates
GAZA CITY   the NEW DRESDEN   - do it Bibi dooooooo it !!!!  Israel has the moral duty to erase Gaza City
NASHAH , BERAKA CHEL MOSHÉ: SAFEL : KOLOT .
A lot of citizens in the West are not backing HAMAS! They are backing Palestinians! MSM always twist words towards propaganda. Get the facts straight!
BIBLE: Wars and reports of wars Nation against nation Kingdom against kingdom
Israel was God's own people when they lived in holiness. Now it is classified as a country where homosexuality and many other sins are practiced. Therefore it should be assumed that the Lord has turned away from them. Sin has opened the way for the enemy. Repent before God.
Israel IS a terrorist state artificially placed there by the trouble-making British drawing their arbitrary lines in the sand, and they share ALL of the blame for this. The Jews are operating the world's largest open-air prison, committing slow genocide, and yet people are treating them as if they are the f*cking victims. Get the goddamn Jews OUT of that place, they never belonged there in the first place, and then abolish ALL religions. THAT will take care of the stupidity which is Israel's imprisonment of the Palestinians, and religion in general. THIS is ALL that religion has brought humanity, endless killing and suffering. Yet the pedophile in the pointy hat continues diddling little boys, and the mullas keep preaching death, and the sheep keep worshipping and killing........stupidity and unevolved primates
Terrible what is happening.   Being a Muslim have nothing against the Jewish faith.  Killing of innocent people can never be justified.  Just surprising that how clever and smart the Jewish people are but failing to see how US and Natanhayu are using them to divert attention from the real issues.  Palestinians never had a problem with Jews living in Palestine.   Both Muslims and Jews lived for thousands of years in peace and harmony.  Zaonist is the problem.  How can the Israelis not see the atrocities committed against the Palestinians and act like it's okay.  Take they land make them live worse than animals and forget humanity and your own faith that teaches tolerance and respect for every human being. Israelis are being used for the enriching for a few Zionist and American weapon industries. No one cares about Arab or Jewish lives. If the Israelis don't wake up and accept the truth maybe not today or tomorrow maybe not in our lifetime but in the future everyone's life will be made hell. Accept what is happening to the Palestinians is wrong and make it right.  Than only will everyone live in peace as we all want. Don't lose your faith and soul for a few Zionist people.   Live as Jews and no one will ever think bad about you.  Or hate you.
Wtf how is everyone saying bless Israel government when they are the ones bombing Gaza, Hamas was a terrorist organisation which does not have anything to do with innocent Palestinians
Isreal is showing their true colors, wanting to kill everything and everyone that is not them...
The prophet Amos tells us that the Lord God will lay Gaza to waste.
India needs to do the same thing to the anti national Muslims living here
Hindus in India stand with Israel 🇮🇱 🇮🇳.  We are ancient civilizations.
Illegal Israel And neoimperial United States Further Tarnish Image Of The United Nations By Ignoring UN’s Calls For Peace
Alright
May Elohim intervene for the state of Israel.
The devil is enraged. He hates Yeshua Hamashiach. Using Hamas.
Our & jews people's wounds are the same. We firmly stand with Israel. Respect & love along with prayers from India.  When the going gets tough, Israel gets going. Jai Hind. Jai Israel.
You tell Israel shut up and leave you dirty scums
Hamas and Hezbollah, ISIS, they're all funded by European Banking Cartel
Collective punishment => ethnic cleansing => genocide  what goes around comes around
EXERCITOS ISRAELENSE ; FAÇAM  COMO YEHOSHUA A AI . MARIA JOSÉ IACOVELO IGNACIO.
I stand for the land owners i stand for 🇵🇸
Palestinians are the land owners !!
There are no innocents in gaza at all, not even the kids in gaza as they grow to be terrorists.
israel using white phosphorous against civilians.
UN is irrelevant. We need a new foundation for Humanity. Some unpragmatic humbug with their own agenda will not decide our lives.
Every civillian death is a tragedy but one of the interviewees here is right...this is not Israel vs Palestine, but Israel vs Hamas.   Israel does its best to prevent civilian casualties. Compare the physical destruction in Gaza right now with the tragic yet still comparatively small loss of civilian bystander life, at around 1500 (which number incorporates Hamas terrorists too) vs targeted carpet bombing eg Dresden in WW2, in which 25,000 civilians were killed.
Be brave Israel, the western media is a mess but more are with you
The NYT reported that hamas had detailed information about the Israeli military, including troop movements, server locations and their intelligence hub. I wonder if that information was among the dozens and dozens of boxes of highly classified documents trump stole. If it was then he is the likely source, especially considering the fact that he had an axe to grind over Netanyahu's acknowledgement of Pres. Biden's win and the fact that he works for putin who is chummy with Iran who funds hamas. It's worth noting that trump's father in law is a communist who likely worked for the secret police in Slovenia/Yugoslavia, still owns houses there and frequently travels there AND lived in the White House with trump when he was president. Since the hamas terrorist attack trump has been publicly gloating, as if he knew it was coming.
❤❤❤❤❤ isrel all'indians
India always support Israelis ❤
Its a game of war played by Netanyahu , is isrealites life is soo cheap to be equated with Hamas ,people of isreal lost their loved ones , who died in the family of Netanyahu, president IDF chief , can sombody father, mother ,babies will come back it is a created war to a cynical notion of new middle east and an attempt to divert the curroupt rule of Netanyahu ,People should ask IDF what they were doing and mossad where there intelligence has gone it is a plan prepared by Netanyahu
murrican and englishman are fucking cowards the most hypocrite people society in the world
Qatar slapped US sect. blinkens and refuse to stop hamas office and support in qatar with one or other foolish reason of communication channel with hamas  clearly reflects qatar is fully involved in these attacks as he was well communicated by hamas .. time to nail Qatar
Dam hate crimes on both sides
Fake news channel
India is with you,also praying for Israel 🇮🇱
Stay safe everyone LONG LIVE ISRAEL!!!
Flood the tunnels with water or CO2. Why go in and risk lives ???
Israel made a huge mistake by intelligence failure. After all this is over, Israel must use satellite imagery snd tech to see what are there in tunnels and demolish them right away when found. Isreal must never trust these Palestinians snd work accordingly. It is a worldwide problem. Long live Israel snd its people
ISIS ideology is followed by all Jihadis.
Damn Right! Time for Israel to crush Gaza and retake their lands. Just give those 2 million people to Egypt since they share the border! Israel for Israelis!
good luck gaza
Prayers for Palestine ❤
Israel is committing war crimes and time will condemn this action just as it did the holocaust, Apartheid ,and the genocide of the Americas Indigenous peoples. All of these atrocities were  applauded in real time too.
Tell the UN to get their nose out of Israels biz
protester on chicago city council meeting Their citizenship should be revoked because they oath of allegiance for America in everything, and now they are against
The strange thing is that I do not hear that any Hamasites were killed, and the strangest thing is where they treat their wounded
You must be careful because Hamas members will flee with the displaced families
this is a genocide how come no one saying anything !! dont care if they are muslim or christian or whatever, they're human being slaughter and the world is watching !!!!
isnt this the journalist who spread fake news about the children?
Palestine ♥️
ALL regional players stand with Palestine. Israel is a terrible neighbor. In this conflict im afraid, Israel needs Arab and Muslim allies to survive. Arab and Muslims do not need Israel to survive. Do you understand? USA, UK, EU and Israel are isolated. The future world is BRICS+, not this sad little Western spectacle that is dying. You need to win sympathy of people who have much higher IQs than Western governments.
و ان عدتم عدنا
David Sling and Iron Dome failed. Haifa refinery is ablaze. Israel is very tiny and vulnerable. It is not like Russia, fully self sufficient in weapons systems. Israel is dependent on American bandits and their British and European weasel backup squad. The world sympathizes with Israeli losses, yes it is terrible. But when Israeli retaliates and does much more damage to civilians, your sympathy dries up. What you need to do is pursue a 2 state solution. Stealing Palestinian land in the West Bank and desecrating Al Aqsa will only deepen your graves.
i24NEWS English  IF  THEY   KEEP  FIRING  MISSILES INTO  ISRAEL TO DESTROY  ISRAEL,   ONE  OF THOSE MISSILES WILL END FALLING OVER  THAT MOSQUE  ABOMINATION  AND THAT WOULD IN  FACT BE  A GOOD THING  BECAUSE AS LONG AS THAT MOSQUE  ABOMINATION IS  IN JERUSALEM in the place of the Temple of The EternaL 'EL' of IsraEL,  THIS KIND  OF  ATTACK WILL KEEP HAPPENING  FOR  IT  IS  THE HOLY ONE ,  THE ETERNAL  'EL' OF ISRAEL WHO ALLOWS,  BECAUSE EL's  PEOPLE TOLERATES ABOMINATION IN THE HEART OF ISRAEL.   THE  ROMAN  INVADERS BUILT THAT BUILDING AFTER WHICH THE SLAVES OF TheDeceiver (HaSaataan) Arabs INVADED THE INVADERS to become themselves invaders of IsraEL  and transformed  that building into another ABOMINATION worst than the first since is a Mosque of TheDeceiver as al-Lah calls himself in his own Quran with  the title of  HaSaataan which means TheDeceiver because he is Satan The Destroyer of slaves that he deceive to willingly follow him in hate and self destruction.  As long it stands, attacks will keep coming,   if not from the south, then from the North and from the East.  BUT  ISRAEL MIGHT BECOME BLESSED AGAIN IF ONE OF THOSE FALSE  PALESTINIANS  WHICH ARE INVADERS ARABS, THAT FIRES MISSILES,  MIGHT END FALLING OVER THAT MOSQUE ABOMINATION IN JERUSALEM because as long as it stands there, they have a valid claim to want the land since their house of worship of HaSaataana-Lah meaning TheDeceiverLucifer as he calls himself in his own book that  those  Satanist slaves worship, will have a claim to IsraEL. Satan who's name is "Lucifer" and who's abbreviation is "Lah",  for to say 'of Lah'  and 'to Lah'  you say "a Lah" in our ancient Angelic Language,  hates the human race and clashes humans with humans and see even his own human worshipers as a abomination  while is glad to have them to  clash  them with all the other humans and bring self destruction to all, to the entire human race.  Once the Mosque will be no more there due to a Palestinian huge missile, then their last claim vestige will be no more there, even though they will try to claim some land but their claim will get lost into the history.  All creatures are imperfect, (including  us) else  some would not have fallen to transform into demons together with Satan.  However, we that did not fall, we always learn from the mistakes of others. Yet the humans seems to always keep doing the same mistakes all over while expecting different results.   You  go ahead and keep tolerating the existence of that building abomination in Jerusalem, and keep expecting different results, (maybe, maybe the results will be different),  that is if you desire to keep allowing yourself being deceived by "TheDeceiver".   You have been informed.  Therefore our duty is done in this matter.
IF  THEY   KEEP  FIRING  MISSILES INTO  ISRAEL TO DESTROY  ISRAEL,   ONE  OF THOSE MISSILES WILL END FALLING OVER  THAT MOSQUE  ABOMINATION  AND THAT WOULD IN  FACT BE  A GOOD THING  BECAUSE AS LONG AS THAT MOSQUE  ABOMINATION IS  IN JERUSALEM in the place of the Temple of The EternaL 'EL' of IsraEL,  THIS KIND  OF  ATTACK WILL KEEP HAPPENING  FOR  IT  IS  THE HOLY ONE ,  THE ETERNAL  'EL' OF ISRAEL WHO ALLOWS,  BECAUSE EL's  PEOPLE TOLERATES ABOMINATION IN THE HEART OF ISRAEL.   THE  ROMAN  INVADERS BUILT THAT BUILDING AFTER WHICH THE SLAVES OF TheDeceiver (HaSaataan) Arabs INVADED THE INVADERS to become themselves invaders of IsraEL  and transformed  that building into another ABOMINATION worst than the first since is a Mosque of TheDeceiver as al-Lah calls himself in his own Quran with  the title of  HaSaataan which means TheDeceiver because he is Satan The Destroyer of slaves that he deceive to willingly follow him in hate and self destruction.  As long it stands, attacks will keep coming,   if not from the south, then from the North and from the East.  BUT  ISRAEL MIGHT BECOME BLESSED AGAIN IF ONE OF THOSE FALSE  PALESTINIANS  WHICH ARE INVADERS ARABS, THAT FIRES MISSILES,  MIGHT END FALLING OVER THAT MOSQUE ABOMINATION IN JERUSALEM because as long as it stands there, they have a valid claim to want the land since their house of worship of HaSaataana-Lah meaning TheDeceiverLucifer as he calls himself in his own book that  those  Satanist slaves worship, will have a claim to IsraEL. Satan who's name is "Lucifer" and who's abbreviation is "Lah",  for to say 'of Lah'  and 'to Lah'  you say "a Lah" in our ancient Angelic Language,  hates the human race and clashes humans with humans and see even his own human worshipers as a abomination  while is glad to have them to  clash  them with all the other humans and bring self destruction to all, to the entire human race.  Once the Mosque will be no more there due to a Palestinian huge missile, then their last claim vestige will be no more there, even though they will try to claim some land but their claim will get lost into the history.  All creatures are imperfect, (including  us) else  some would not have fallen to transform into demons together with Satan.  However, we that did not fall, we always learn from the mistakes of others. Yet the humans seems to always keep doing the same mistakes all over while expecting different results.   You  go ahead and keep tolerating the existence of that building abomination in Jerusalem, and keep expecting different results, (maybe, maybe the results will be different),  that is if you desire to keep allowing yourself being deceived by "TheDeceiver".   You have been informed.  Therefore our duty is done in this matter.
The deceitful Arabs so called  "Palestinian" while being Arabs which have invaded the Romans to become themselves the invaders of Israel, get now a taste of their own medicine
I think it is excellent that they use their right to “Self Defense” to always act with impunity protected under the umbrella of the influence of the world's leading military power and thus perpetrate their already customary genocidal massacres against the native population of those lands where you. They are clearly usurpers. Now, under that same logic, then I invite NON-JEWS to BREAK THE MOTHER of those who do not profess that strange religion of which you. They are used to justify mass murder under the pretext that they do it to defend themselves from a manipulative and Manichean “Anti-Semitism”. So based on that way that you. They always use to get their way and seeing what they have done and are doing to a human group, I will also have to make sure that some FANATIC ZIONIST JEW is not close to me, since they may come under the pretext of their strange and strange cult, to destroy my house to occupy his land with his family and I have to go live under a tent without water with a bucket to shit in. Good luck in the LIQUIDATION OF THE GAZA GHETTO, I am sure that you will be very successful in this genocidal mission of ethnic cleansing, since you. They lived it firsthand when their historical perpetrators, the same ones who now support them to spy on their GUILT, have released their collar to begin to fulfill that delirious dream which is to have an ARTIFICIAL STATE HATED, REPUDIED AND DESPISED from the Nile to the Euphrates. Greetings.
why do israeli lives matter more than palestinian? why is the death count of one more important and talked about? israel is forcing hundreds of thousands out of their homes, spreading white phosphorus along gaza, stripping citizens of their food, water, and electricity. for YEARS netanyahu and his government funded hamas in order to push peaceful palestinian independence down, and is surprised when it backfires? it’s ridiculous. the israeli government must be held accountable for their crimes against humanity. my heart aches for those killed on both sides of this conflict
I would suggest the the IDF try what we called a cordon and search operations Vietnam and doing something similar in Northern Gaza, it would have to be massive and consist of evacuating Palestinians out of Gaza and evaluating them as not HAMAS, settling them in refugee camps nearby, but would satisfy the humanitarian outcry from the UN and other organizations. There is no nice way to wage war but this could help Israels image.
there are no innocents in gaza.
turn gaza into a glass coated parking lot
you do know Anthony blinken has a iranian spy network working for him....he hates israel just like china joe biden does..
There goes the massive LANDGRABBING &  massacre of Palestinians! Where is RED Cross when hospitals in Gaza is at a breaking point? Yeah, crushing Hamas including innocent civilians!😡
It's absolutely sickening to see Tedros asking us to help the people that elected Hamas in Gaza!  Tell us where the hostages are, you terrible people!!!
The way that the United States youngsters meaning anywhere from 15 to 20 something have listened to what hamas has asked for a world day of rage, people must be thinking what a bunch of idiots that they would listen to such an idiotic bunch of militants is beyond me. Just the fact that people of this age group I listening to these satanic murderers makes the United States kids work like a bunch of morons.
Has anybody thought of flooding the GAZA tunnel system with water? why go to them when you can bring them to you?
We support Israel 🇮🇱don’t they know the Jews are God chosen people. God’s word says those who bless Israel I will bless, those who curse Israel I will curse. I won’t want to be under the curse of God.
LET THEM RETAKE GAZA FOREVER
God bless Israel. N
This is like America is Germany the ww2
I stand with Israel!❤❤❤❤❤
Stand with plastine  ❤ India stand with plastine
Why can't we all just get along and live in peace? This war is costing us all. There is no morality on both sides.
I cannot imagine any way that the hostages are going to survive, sorry.
Hi, Because of the Dense population within the Gaza region and the sheer impossibility of evacuating the millions of people living there within the 24 hour period that the Jewish Israeli state has given in an ultimatum - world opinion will inevitably turn against the Jewish state should thousands of casualties arise from the bombings and predicted ground invasion that will take place costing the lives of untold civilian casualties - that may far exceed the Jewish/Israeli casualties that have taken place so far in this tragedy to date.  There is a biblical prophecy in the book of Zechariah that shows the Entire world most likely under UN approval/direction - will be hostile to the Israeli state at some point in the not too distant future and will besiege and attack the currently held lands of the Jewish Israeli state that has never been recognised by the UN as being Legal and eventually their UN backed [Gentile] armies will capture 1/2 of Jerusalem:  "The burden of the word of the Lord for Israel, saith the Lord, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him.  Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.   And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces,   THOUGH ALL THE PEOPLE OF THE EARTH BE GATHERED AGAINST IT."  [Zechariah 12:1-3]  Zechariah 13:8-9 shows that 2/3 of the Holy lands will be overrun by the invading armies and will Test the Jewish Israeli State to its limits:  "And it shall come to pass, that in all the land, saith the Lord, two parts therein shall be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein.  And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined, and will try them as gold is tried: they shall call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and they shall say, The Lord is my God."  [ Zechariah 13:8-9]  Zechariah 14:2 shows the capture of half of modern day Jerusalem by modern armies:  "Behold, the day of the Lord cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee.   For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city."  But BEFORE that happens, apparently the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob [Exodus 3:13-15] will provide supernatural protection and strengthen the Jews in unprecedented and extraordinary ways:   "In that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the wood, and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own place, even in Jerusalem.   IN THAT DAY SHALL THE LORD DEFEND THE INHABITANTS OF JERUSALEM; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as God, as the angel of the Lord before them.  And it shall come to pass in that day, THAT I WILL SEEK TO DESTROY ALL THE NATIONS THAT COME AGAINST JERUSALEM."   [Zechariah 12:6 & 8-9]  A parallel prophecy to Zechariah's 9th chapter where in Zechariah 9:1 that biblical prophet foretold the modern Day Syrian war would take place that would have the entire world's attention focussed on that region as well as all 12 tribes of Israel's' descendants - not Just the Jews - is found in Isaiah 11:10-16  with both prophecies From Zechariah 9:9-16  and Isaiah 11:10-16 showing  there will be an alliance the modern day descendants with what was once one of the Leading tribes of Israel in ancient biblical history from Joseph's Two sons [ All of Genesis 48 and 49:22-26]  that Will rally under Jesus' Ensign or Banner and sweep through and conquer all those nations attacking Jerusalem in our modern age - so some really awesome future history to come in our modern age it seems that will end in the establishment of the prophet Daniel's 'Stone kingdom' [Daniel 2:33-34 & 44-45 ]being established on Earth for a 1000 years. [Revelation 20:1-8]  This is what is shown in the prophecy of Zechariah 9's opening verse:  The burden of the word of the Lord in the land of Hadrach, and Damascus shall be the REST thereof:   when the eyes of man, as of all the tribes of Israel, shall be toward the Lord."  The parallel prophecy to Zechariah 9:9-16 in Isaiah 11:10-16 opens with this unmistakable reference to Jesus' millennial Kingdom bringing to the modern world 1000 years of peace. 🙃   "And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people; to it shall the Gentiles seek:   and HIS REST shall be glorious."   [ Isaiah 11:10]
HE ALMOST LOOKS HUMAN.
they are not innocent. these civillians are dancing when jews are being killed.  they are the society where hamas is from.
♥️🇮🇱♥️🇮🇱♥️🇮🇱♥️
ISRAELI🇮🇱PRECIOUS PEOPLE, WE LOVE❤❤❤ YOU FROM SWEDEN 🇸🇪
Israel gives commands to the U.N.? This seems like a conflict of interests.
Evil Hamas wants advanced warning then prevents evacuation.. Unreal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RYBV1X7_CM
Thanks for posting this.  I'm having trouble finding info that isn't heavily slanted in 1 direction.  Let me see if I have this right..... Israel is fighting an enemy that........ doesn't wear a uniform.  ...........surrounds themselves with civilians. ............targets civilians. ............is decapitating babies. .............threatens to kill POW's/Civilian hostages every hour. .............is asking anyone with the same religion to kill civilians around the world. In addition, Israel warns the enemy by phoning them prior to dropping a bomb.  Goes as far as dropping a dud (roof knock) prior to dropping a bomb.   This is the most insane situation I have ever heard of.  It seems like you've got one side with an actual army, and the weaker side has decided to fight a guerilla war of terror that targeting civilians.  There are only 2 ways to win this war.  The weaker side needs to get enough popular support to topple the existing government.  The stronger side either needs to capitulate to the weaker's demands, or kill them all, including women & children.  How the hell did we ever get to this point ??
In response to the lying, criminal Israel, this is how Hamas deals with children, not like them https://youtu.be/L607um25RyI?si=i1DWck4Cd-1K59eF
中国共产党一直在支持哈马斯
This order to evacuate is a war crime. You become what you hate. How ironic to see Jewish people enacting their own "final solution".
Bidens billions being bad bombs?
Those protesters don’t represent the majority of Americans! Thats all the trash our demonic government let in.
I am  75 yr. Old USA citizen and I’m appalled at anyone in this country to give their support to a degrading murderous bunch as the humas. They have shown themselves to be the worst of the worst human beings. Thank God the majority of the west is with Israel!!
🇺🇸🇮🇱❤️ praying for Israel❤️🇮🇱🇺🇸 there are no innocent civilians in Gaza! They all support Hamas
After dozens of years of captivity and occupation, provoking Muslims and Christians, killing them, and stealing their homes and land, which the true Jews  those who understand their book, the Torah well,they know belongs to the Palestinians, what is the expected reaction? What would happen if there was no Palestinian resistance to respond and defend? they always talk about Hamas What about Israel's crimes for decades?  they always commit crimes and blame them on Hamas, and the world is blind. Where are the videos of children being beheaded as they claim? People, use your brains they distort the truth with their media to gain the world's sympathy, they are the rapists,May God help the resistance The Qur’an says about Israel: "And We declared for the Children of Israel in the Scripture: You will commit corruption on earth twice, and you will rise to a great height" "When the first of the two promises came true, We sent against you servants of Ours, possessing great might, and they ransacked your homes. It was a promise fulfilled" Great truth of God 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸
After 55 years of governing this country this is the best result they could establish is all this time? Perhaps entire removal has been the plan for 55 years? Had any other country facing the same challenges acted the same with similar policies then this result shouldn't surprise anyone. While there are many innocents, leaders on bioths sides can not be counted among them.
Wasn't Britain and France deciding the placement of Jews in Palestine prior to the collapse of the Ottoman Empire? Wasn't Britain  and France making a agreement between themselves to divide Ottoman land. Palestine was already accepting refugees from Eastern Europe and Russia. It is still horrific however you want to recall history.  Basically, I see no difference between the North American and South American history to the Palestinian history regarding the genicide of the people for land and resources.  What Hamas did is an evil act against Israelis but they care not for the Palestinian people either.  What I see is a lynch mob mentality destroying Gaza, which means innocent blood is being spilt not just Hamas.
Hamas does not distinguish between their fighters and the people who support their fighters
Jesus will soon return. Matthew 24:29 “But immediately after the tribulation of those days THE SUN WILL BE DARKENED, AND THE MOON WILL NOT GIVE ITS LIGHT, AND THE STARS WILL FALL from the sky, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken."
I ❤ and staying with Jesus and Israel let's support  Israel each house in USA. https://youtube.com/shorts/1nLd9WghoTw?si=jRmuY_6S3fyG93_s
Not all Americans are standing with evil, we are standing with our Israel brothers and sisters and praying to the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob to intervene for all of our safety. I decree and pray a hedge of protection around Israel and all His children around the world.
What about if you set up rewards to find hostages in Gaza!! Arab would sell their families if money involves.
I won’t trust them, they want to take over Gaza and make new illegal settlements. They need to stop
As long as Jihad exists there will be no peace in the middle east.  No matter what they may call themselves, Al Qaeda, ISIS, Hezbollah, Hamas, Taliban, Iranian Jihadist, they all abide by the same tenants, that Israel must be wiped off the face of the earth.  Can you not discern the signs of the times?  Looks like bible prophecy coming true before our eyes.  This is building up to the battle of Gog and Magog.  The armies of the north (Russia aligned with Iran) with other Islamic nations form a federation and come against Israel.  The fires will take 7 years to put out after the battle.  Probably a reference to radioactive half life.  Cheers from eastern Tennessee
Stay strong Israel Praying for you, God Bless Israel🙏🇬🇧
Fight for your homeland Palestine. Go out on your shields AFTER you get women, children and elders to safety. This Detroiter (USA) stands with Palestine. 🇵🇸💜🙏🏽💜🇵🇸
Let's face it the world has become a very wicked since the pandemic out came the wolves, the very worst of humanity has emerged everywhere. The corrupt, calling the corrupt; corrupt and evil governments calling evil governments evil. Black is white & white is black,  lies are truth. Fascists speaking about peace and justice when there is none. Greed, arrogance, self gratification are gods.
Nicole me and my friends sub because of you we follow this Chanel thanks for your update.
This man is so correct this atrocity is the worst and it will be recompensed at the hands of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ very very soon WOE to those who say evil is good you should be ashamed and you soon will be when you stand before the Lord Amen praying for 🇮🇱💕 God bless you all I feel sorrow with you all 🙏🇮🇱💕
Thank God for America Israel would have carpet-bombed the whole Mideast if they had their way
Na, tell them to hang around and watch the fire works, they are going to be spectacular. Stay put UN sympathizers, you get a front row seat.
🇮🇳 india support🇮🇱 Israel
About time the UN actually did something useful for a change. I won't hold my breath though 😁
Israel to Gaza: you have 24 hours to evacuate before total destruction comes.  God to Israel: You have had 2000 years to repent for murdering my only begotten Son, before total destruction comes.  Repent, today. Today is the day of salvation. Harden not your hearts.
Hamas using human shields 🛡 😢Should show their bravery… Not the civilians will protect them …
A people that does not control it governance is victimized by it actions.
I got 10 on Palestine
Let’s root for Palestine 🇵🇸!
21:45 Calling for a Day of Rage,, where are the videos of Hams jerk offs yelling out the words "DAY OF RAGE !!!"        "DAY of RAGE !! ""     ???
Are you aware of any examples of "innocent" adults in Gaza standing up against Hamas terrorists? Have any "innocent" adults in Gaza become informants telling the IDF where to find the terrorists?  Is someone truly innocent if they see evil happening and do or say nothing to try to stop it? (Think 1933 - 1945) I am not convinced that telling good people in Gaza that they are completely innocent when they stand by and do nothing to prevent terrorists does any good. I am more and more convinced that empowering good people in Gaza to inform against terrorists and instill in the good people in Gaza a duty and responsibility to stand up aganist terrorism is a sound approach. Although they do not deserve the consequences that have come to them, can they realistically expect anything else if they stand by and do nothing? 🤔
Way to tell the terrorist when your attacking so they can leave as well.
Thank you for your truthful coverage. I was  hearing very little facts from the western media. Israel will be victorious!!🇮🇱🇮🇱
Israelis like to play the ultimate victims. But it's absolutely false to say that people around the world protesting against Israel's inhumane destruction of GAZA, & the violent, undiscriminatory murdering of Palestinians are supporting Hamas! OUR support is for Palestinian CIVILIANS who've been victims of the terrorist state of Israel for over 1/2 a century now!😡 Their lands are stolen by Israel's brutal, cruel, & continuous annexations. Their future is wreck, generation after generation. OUR support is for Palestinians to FINALLY be allowed to have their OWN FREE, DEMICRATIC state in the land of THEIR ancestors. The Balfour Declaration of 1917 has done enough damage!🤬 Peace for the people of Palestine!🇵🇸
Don’t f**cling bring them to America. You can match them to the sea for all I care. We have enough terrorists living amongst us already.
Ok guys a huge problem is you keep saying America is a democracy. It isn't, it's a constitutional republic. If we allow it to be a democracy, there is a chance people like Hamas could really do some damage.
Praying for peace in is Israel. Praying for the suffering.
Salam, Shlomo, Shalom, Peace.  Only A Narcissist Blame's It's Victims, They Project Everything Never Admitting To Anything.  The Civilians From Both Sides Of The Fence Suffer, Because Of The Politicians Play Monopoly With Their Lives.
There are no innocent civilians in Palestine anymore.
HAMAS doesn't have surface to air missiles. Where are the missiles to shoot the fighter planes out of the sky?
How is that done?
I stand with Israel
Blessings from Sefarad. Israel will triumph.
Israel was a nomadic people all thru time. Being tormented and tortured for a long while.  However  God's people is doing the same thing to the Palestinians... Israel has really adopted western idolatry which is going to forfeit that favor from their God. Israel was itching for this moment and look at all cover up from western media for their actions.  If you say they attacked first your wrong Israel have been oppressing Palestinians for decades now. It's just sad to me and misleading by the way of media propaganda.  If your going to be a sheep at least be a sheep with your eyes open.
This is a mass genocide and displacement of the Palestinian people, they’re destroying their home to simply steal all the real estate and then rebuild it and give it to Israelites. This is very reminiscent of how the Emperialist Britain and American Tyrants stole land from the indigenous Native Americans but in modern times. This is an evil example of new colonialism. Such a shame honestly I feel bad for the Palestinians as isreal doesn’t care at all for more than 1 million innocent people that will lose their home and some will lose their lives.   That being said not everybody in America stands with Isreal this should’ve been handled differently.
long live Palestine
But it will take out alot of terrorist at the same time
We are witnessing ethnic cleansing by an apartheid state while its white settler colonial supporter salivates at the prospect of the genocide of the Palestinian people.
A drone strike might take a couple of build that can be rebuilt. War is hell
What a pathetic Anchor on this station - ugly and a terrible voice !
The Israel government is to blame for what happened. They know something is going to happen and let it happen so they can invade. and take the land away. Both sides are wrong but Israel is taking the people freedom. Israel wants the land.
Hamas is calling for a "day of rage".  Wasn't that last Saturday?
Terrorist acts are always condemn.  Terror act can't justify any movement whoever they are rt or wg
Old country Boy. There are no Palastnian innocent. The entire population is involved in the education of even their children to hate and kill Jews and all other non Muslims.
UN should designate HAMAS  a tourist organization and lost right to represent of Palestine. PA is officially recognized authority.   ISREALI has right to defend and react to neutralize Hamas terrorist and freed Israel along with other country citizen.   Bring these leaders for war crime  and make sure this kind of terrorism should not occur.
A country would be stupid to potentially take in terrorists.
Nothing impossible for God to evacuated the mass of people to safety. Pray to God for His Grace and Mercy and reveal to them the GLORY of God so they will be able to receive God Love.  May Lord JESUS bring them back from gate of he'll. AMEN.
Jews need to evacuate Israeli-occupied Palestine and go back to their own country!
Did this dude say israel is waging war?  Words kinda matter.  They were attacked and are now defending them selves
Sorry but the UN is too busy criticizing el salvadorian president for being too harsh to the salvadorian gangbangers 😂😂
Diversity is toxic. Unity is blessed.
The damn UN is part of Hamas if they don't  leave bury the new age bastards.
Somebody PLEASE tell Joe Biden that this is what an existential threat really looks like. The Euphrates river is drying up. That's not climate change it's Biblical prophecy and so is this.
Youth it’s your future? Total madness has come all over the world  The sick minded deranged psychopaths narcissists  Want to rule the world  The Rich and the Poor  Fascism or democracy  Choose wisely citizens  Your future awaits you ✌️ if you want it.
Get the general population out of Gaza. Then give those terrorists an answer the world will never forget. Go BB.
*Anyone who supports Hamas is a Nazi who wishes the destruction of the Jewish People.*
PRAISE GOD 4 FRANCES "NO HAMAS SUPPORT" STANCE!!! AMEN!!! SHUT THAT S#@T DOWN!!!
The people who are supporting "Palestinians" have never been exposed to this type of terror on a personal level. They have been raised in freedom and safety, and stupidity in the ways of the world. SAD!
Who wants to bet that none of the Hamas attackers are in Gaza; they've gotten out of there. Now the civilians who had nothing to do with this are being killed.
I Can't wait until tomorrow to enjoy the fireworks ...
22:00 the remarks made did you forget we invade invite them to our lands because we feel bad and boom now you have protest simple
The U.N. is worthless.
They can relocate to their zannat or dozakh (heaven or hell).
Where were Blinken's tears when the same atrocities happened to Ukranians by the notsee Ukranian army for the last 9 years?
What do I know, I don't live there  But if a million people evacuate Gaza isn't Hamas going to evacuate as civilians hiding in plain sight?  Prayers for the people of Israel.  God be with you
I feel very sorry for the average jewish person living in isreal , this foreign backed zionist onslaught is obviously pretty soon  going to ge them all killed
The UN AND EU TREATED ISREAL LIKE A RED HEADED STEPCHILD AN SO THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS!!! IT'S ALL'S FAULT WHO ARE IN POWER WHO, WAS IN THEIR POWER, BUT DIDN'T LISTEN TO ISREAL ABOUT THIS!!! YES, BEYOND MORAL UNDERSTANDING HOW THEY BLEW OFF ISREAL!!!!
Israel is in self-destruction mode. Every arrogant nation has had a terrible end.
Dont worry the UN will do evwrything to keep them safe as they have been funding terrorism since for ever
HAMAS SOBITCHES NEVER EVEN SPARED INFANTS 👶 THEY BEHEADED THEM AFTER MURDERING THEIR PARENTS.HAMAS ARE SATANIC.
GAZANS SHOULD BE GRATEFUL-THAT UNLIKE HAMAS  ISRAEL 🇮🇱 OFFERS THEM SAFTY.
And yet the Biden Admin sends money to Iran.......”Me thinks the Biden Admin speaks with forked tongue”
Americans never wanted muslims here. They were the orignal enemy of our forefathers as they were kidnapping Americans and selling them in thevArab slave trade. Its written in the USMC hymn. The Communists in our government, Obama, wanted them here to destabilize our nation.
And the Jews wonder why they have always been persecuted,   And will never live in peace
We are  proud to be  Muslims we are the winners in this life and in the hereafter
AT LEAST ISRAEL 🇮🇱 IS INFORMING THEM TO EVACUATE UNLIKE HAMAS MURDERING INNOCENT CITIZENS AND BEHEADING HELPLESS BABIES.
For Hamas terrorist it is a an Islamic religious jeehad against Jewis Isralis . The terrorist Hamas has no interest in the welfare of palestine people but instead palatines are used as a human shield to protect Hamas’ terrorist activities against Israel. Here Hamas using the same tatic as prophet Mohammed ‘ war against Qureshi trbes in Mecca. When prophet ‘s army attacked  they killed children, old, and men and took young ladies as captives . This is the same thing  Hamas  terrorist did against Isralist during recent  attack against Israelits . It is a pity that muslins in USA and Europe came here as a refugee and they are given full support to live financilly and full freedom to live a secure life still this so called  some muslim people supports the terrorist Hamas in Gaza. , . They do not care the content of the character of Hamas but for them Hamas as jeehai and who ever does jeehai works and they just support them why because they give importance to Islamic rather than human value
We are  proud to be  Muslims we are the winners in this life and in the hereafter
Didn't they say would die for their jihad? So why are they complaining now? They'll have what they asked for.
In the last 40 years Israel has shown more restraint than I would have shown but then Israel try to go woke and remove all the guns. Bad guys took advantage as always.   Also let's all say thank you to Joe Biden for giving a massive stockpile of weapons to terrorist. It may be a different group but you know that they are selling and trading those to others groups.
I know we have terrorist in our country when they showed them  i saw 2 guys wearing they had their face covered so you can't see their face i don't trust these guys
We all have been in bad situations but we must change for the best in these situations instead of our situations changing.
Israël is in our prayers.
They need to take barges in there to load the people out of Gaza
The YouTuber Asaad ELCHAREEY, a British man of Yemeni origin, is anti-Semitic.
Jesus is the way, the truth and the life. No one comes to God but by him. Who is Jesus. He is life. He is the resurrection. He is the way. He is the truth.  So going to kill is not Life. Going to destroy is not the way.
Putin and his leaders  is just the same as hamas what they are doing in Ukraine they are terrorists and china xi and his leaders all terrorist
Anthony Gutheres of UN is also to blame. UN always supports Zihadis by its selective outrage. Why does UN not tell Hamas to not attack Isreal? Why does it always throw responsibility for peace only for Isreal or for Hindus in India and not the Muslim Zihadis when they attack peaceful Jews or Hindus. It's always supporting victimhood of the killers after they killed and blood is not even dry on their hands. Hindus support Isreal who is like us and wants peace and progress. Muslims want to rule over infidels. You are not going to succeed.
God will protect Israel. God is with you.
Le YouTuber Asaad ElCHAREEY, un Britannique d'origine yéménite, est antisémite.
God bless the Israel God bless all the people in Israel. We support you and love u all Jews.
You have JEHOVAH, THE GOD OF ABRAHAM, ISAAC, JACOB(ISRAEL) AND HIS BLOOD BOUGHT CHURCH, HIS BRIDE ON YOUR SIDE! God is watching over you all. We are praying for you all because we LOVE AND CARE A LOT FOR  THE PEOPLE AND NATION OF ISRAEL.   🙏💙🇮🇱! Ivy🇨🇦! AMEN!
Unbelievable!!!! Who’s the crack head running Virgin Atlantic? Time to boycott woke Atlantic!
Innocent civilians,😂😂😂
I quite agree with Mary. The IDF must continue to root out these callous, cold-blooded terrorists out of Gaza. I pray that GOD will be in the midst of the IDF as they enter perilous conditions. May GOD give them strategy, and keep them safe. 🛐🛐🛐🙌🙌🙌🙋🏼‍♀️🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦
Israel was attacked but they attack back and are killing a lot of people. Jesus Christ came  to show us the way of peace.
Arm all the citizens
The west needs to wake up and stop allowing middle easterns into our countries. It’s the most disgraceful thing I’ve ever seen in my life. A day of rage? Not a single person who’d follow this needs to be removed from the democratic country they should be grateful they’re living in.
Would someone please loan Anthony Blinken some manhood.  What an anemic toy figure.
Heart breaking to watch human beings destroying each other and the plant.
I feel sorry for the good Palestinians but they need to tell the terrorists to get out of there country and the Palestinians terrorists get out and hez but la stop interfering with their country and iran country to stick their head up there a ss 😂
Who  can move 1000,000.00 people in 24 hours?😢😢😢😢
Like that’s even possible, draconian bs
YOUTUBE turned there self off,  and when it came back on there is no sound. Only cc. they don't want us to learn whats happening in NY City as illegals demonstrate on the streets of legals.
🙏🇺🇸🇮🇱🙏 prayers to all who will suffer🙏🙏🙏
Let’s hope one day we as humans can evolve beyond violence. We all are brothers and sisters❤️
I stand with Israel.
The majority of the people all around the world were very fooled believing that the palestinians were the victims and Israelites were the bad  guys, but now  look who are the bad guys.
☢️Dimona☢️Time ☢️ 🙈 👁️ 🙉
If the UN refuses to act ALL deaths are now on their heads   Israel can have clear conscience to defend their people  Make this UN shame known to the World
Praying for you Bibi, may the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob bless you as the leader of Israel you are a wonderful leader
The  evil people around the world please the Jushish people alone they are God chosen people ❤❤❤
Iran sending an official to Lebanon is a show of control and participation; I doubt Hexbollah will now attack Israel soon because Iran would be closely complicit, which Iran doesn't want.  If Iran wanted Hexbollah to attack, they would have just ordered it quietly.
Sadly, 50 years ago we had a solution to the problem.  Richard Nixon,  who was then the President of the United States of America had made an agreement with the Shah of Iran to give an enormous tract of land in Iran to the Palestinians.  Unfortunately President Nixon left office before the plan could be implemented and When Jimmy Carter was elected President,  he canceled the plan. Unfortunately Gaza still needs to be depopulated,  but now the Palestinians have no place to go.
Let's pray.  I pray Wimkin, BLINKEN, and Nod do the right thing.  I really don't trust these ass-hats in Washington.🙏♥️🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
Great idea
I will never support terrorist organizations like Hamas, especially those that murder/defile a group of people, any people. But doesn't this come off as a false justification for Israel to remove all Palestinian people out of the Gaza Strip into maybe annexing the land into Israel fully, anyone? . I don't see a good guy, just extremist on both sides with civilians on both sides being used as canon fodder getting caught in the crossfire in some quest "for the greater good." I just know innocent people are dying.
The countries that has hamas seniors that living a broad they need to arrest them to show israel that they are with them but they won't but the free world needs to step up and tell these countries that should arrest if not biden needs to tell them.
Good!
Please stop with that news reporter voice.
Hamas is an arm of Satans army ... the enemy comes to steal kill and destroy. I hope the western governments are recording the images of those faces that are backing Hamas in these protests.
Israeli's army needs to go after the head of snake in Iran after finishing Hammas and Hezbolah
The terrorist group of people think that they can do what they want without any question  ask don't think so ❤❤❤
low brainer only will follow hamas
The un shoulnt exist they cant make no peace anywhere ..all of them are racist.
Obliterating an entire region and its people for the actions of a resistance group is wrong for all those who cannot see this tit for tat hate and revenge your compassion for mankind is shallow and leaves a sick legacy.
Ha ha ha
We are praying and in full support of Israel 🇮🇱 here in Tennessee! May the God of Abraham (אבדהם)Issac ( יצחק ) & Jacob (יהושע) avenge His people.
Day of rage? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
I stand with Israel! 🇮🇱🇮🇱❤️
Let the UN stay while you bomb away.
A demon that was seen in the world trade centre incedent is on the move the creator is here also the massiah is watching and waiting on instuctions from the universe.
At least Israel gave 24 hours to leave but hamas didn't give 24 minutes to leave Israeli civilians to leave there home.
That anchor has a face for radio, and a voice fit for an ASL interpreter. Who hires these people?
After everything that has transpired over the last week, Why is the Al Aqsa mosque still standing?  That Islamic shrine to the false god Allah should never have been allowed to be built.  It needs to be completely leveled, down to the ground, with nothing remaining.  The fact that that mosque is still standing upright today in Israel's capital city of Jerusalem, after everything that has happened, is just unacceptable to say the least.  It should be destroyed, COMPLETELY.    Deu 7:5-6 KJV  5 But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire.  6 For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.   Deu 12:1-3 KJV  1 These are the statutes and judgments, which ye shall observe to do in the land, which the LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee to possess it, all the days that ye live upon the earth.  2 Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green tree:  3 And ye shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy the names of them out of that place.   May Adonai guide Israeli leadership to do everything that He wants Israel to do and may Israel respond accordingly.
Hamas caused this, Hamas are barbaric terrorists, Hamas are responsible for the suffering of the Israeli and Palestinian people. Hamas hide behind woman and children. Hamas will not survive this war.
It's not enough punishment to these Muhammad followers. Islam is the problem, not Israel. These Palestinians should be driven out the Sea. Israel has earned the right to vanish these Arabs .
Pray for Israel from South Africa
What I dont get is….when you warn Gazans to move, wont Hamas just move to those “safe” areas with them?
Standing with Israel and praying for them to do what is right for the people ❤❤❤
The woman interviewed wants war, they’re all the same
More than a dozen hostages killed by air strikes and the only side you can stand with if you have a IQ more than 50 would be the innocent people on both sides as Hamas and IDF are exactly the same.....murderers
The US has its own problems. We don't need to be dragged into another Endless War. OUR southern border is wide open. How many Hamas maniacs walked across with the millions of illegals? When they attack Americans here our Government will use that fact to impose further tyranny on us.
Day of Rage incites more hatred!
We know what hamas did qas wrong but before the war what started this attacks that media's are alway turning theie head when isreal soldiers killed, pushing innocent ppl outta their land and homes. This is not report unless you see it on 1 or 2 years ago on youtube because the influence of jews in the white house, politicians  pockets for election day. Isreal is NOT STATE is Palestinians state and the new generation goin to learn the evil thing before the war what isreal did,  thy kicked  out real black jews to make it white and stealing home's so jew could more in while the things of the Palestiniansqas thing still there.
There, you wanted a warning? You got it. Hamass wanted war? They have it! The UN is worthless. They have done nothing to confront hamass
IDF finds individual Hamas members in large cities but missed dump trucks and paragliders heading toward it’s heavily surveillance border. IDF attempted to take Gaza in 2014 - so I’m sure this is all a coincidence.
Muslims must learn that if they kill civilians and commit atrocities, they will receive zero support worldwide.
The people are abused by Hamas as human shields
Praying for the Peace of Jerusalem, Israel, and for All Israel. ❤
The Bible tells us what is to come, but God will never leave Israel. God is calling Israel, and he is calling to all humanity to return to Him.
Imagine the thief come to your house, and u fight with the Thief. And the police come. And the police dicide to split your house into 2. 50% to thief and 50% to you. After police split it, the thief block your access to water, food, electric, media etc and police agree with thief. Soo what u do...? That is happen now, seek more knowledge
Israelis have military experience so they should own guns for protection. What occurred last Saturday in Israel was horrifying, there was no religion or God shown by the terrorists just evil hate and the lust to commit murder. There are consequences for the killings by Hamas but innocent civilians will suffer for it.
We stand with Israel 🇮🇱🇿🇦 and pray also for peace and the end of loss of innocent people. Hamas has no souls
Prayers for Israel from the US
any person that follows the quoran and the sunna of muhammad , is a jihadist ( terrorist ) ...........
Evacuate to where?
How Britain Started the Arab-Israeli Conflict | Free Documentary History Free to watch on YouTube
1/
Evacuate to where?? What Israel is doing is so evil. No support for this vicious retaliation
What “atrocities” in Gaza? The only atrocity, is the one performed by Hamas on Israel. There are no atrocities, and Gazans can leave,Hamas uses their citizens as shields, that is the atrocity. And what do you mean by “more proof“. It is almost as if you didn’t believe the atrocities in the first place. Is this so? And why? That’s what you need to ask yourselves? You have a biased internal intrinsic opposition to Israel. That is the reality. I’ll answer the questions for you. A free analysis. Wake up? These terrorist organizations will affect ALL our lives, forever, opposing anything that opposes them. And their only goal in life is to convert everyone to their form of Islam, and in martyrdom; to get  ‘72 virgins’. Which do not exist. Seriously! Co
The Hamas are a bunch of thugs and cowards. They are not resistant fighters, they hide behind women and children,  none of them are worthy of respect.
Israel 🇮🇱👍💪🚀🚀🚀
God bless Israel!! There are a lot of people praying for you guys. Dont stop.
Israel has the right to defend itself after all the atrocities, savagery sudden attack to the civilians. This will not happen to Gaza if they did not start the war. Pray for peace for both
You reported Gaza casualties as not knowing how many were innocent civilians. How many of the dead Israelis were innocent civilians? What about the hostages Hamas took and are threatening to execute? Are they not innocent civilians?
Fat white chic in Nyc is so oppressed. Bitch please
Good... The UN are on the site... Maybe they can protect the Palestinian civilians...
I suggest Israelis take a ceasefire offer now. All of the regional powers are not standing with Israel. Only Western bandits do. That's what they love doing most. Being sadistic and relying on 100% brutality. I recall in 2002 Netanyahu told the UN removing Saddam would be great for the region. Let me ask you now. Since then, is Iran a weaker power? Is the US position in a stronger position? Is the region is a better place? Your greatest flaw is your mental condition
Don't evacuate stand your ground Palestine !!Bugger the terrorist israel.
Israel should never allow these people to live in Israel any longer.  Let Egypt or Iran take them.
the un is now israel's bitch...
evacuate to WHERE? ffs
HAMAS IS EVIL.... They refuse to help their own and use the people as protection.
Uh Oh! They're using the ISIS Strategy..smh..going to be a Long Battle, America will have to provide support which is going instigate other countries to Support  Hamas,Palestinian Soldiers..long battle
TRICK OR TREAT,SIR, ALL THE PEOPLE OF OUR WHOLEWORLD IN NOWADAY, IF WE ALL THE WHOLEWORLD DID NOT NEED TO GET EXTINCTION ANYTIME WITHIN THIS YEAR,2023,SIR.
The Western bloc has managed to spread a fatal image of a fundamentally flawed "mediator". The West in fact, attempting to "mediate" any conflict is extremely bad taste and absurd. They fuel conflicts. Take a look at their bulldog, Britain, always eager to jon some pirate misadventure, whether it is training Ukrainian commandos to sabotage nuclear facilities or egging on the Zionist settlers to commit war crimes. Their American brothers are willing to advertisse their sadistic tendencies to the world as if it were entertainment.
חזק ואמץ
Isreal doesn't play around
May they learn peace ..one life to live no reason to live in war ....sade always the citezens that pays for stupidity .
I am supporting ISRAEL.
The Col is right, it is appalling that western Muslims aren’t condemning Hamas and that they equate the regular Palestinians with Hamas. The problem with Islam is that Muslims CAN’T denounce Hamas because then they will be considered apostates and as bad as the Jews and Christians. Muslims, even the nominal ones, will always side with other Muslims, to include the terrorists. That’s why the Hamas and Iranian leaders can call a global jihad and expect Muslims worldwide to respond.
They’re not Terrace veggies had enough they had enough of the way the Jews are treating them they cannot walk. They cannot walk on the same path as the Jews do. They have to go through a complete an absolute ring Maree Murrell to get through what they want to do in their daily lives. The Palestinians are suffering day after day after day and the Jews are loving it now listen. This is exactly what the fucking Nazis did and exactly what the Jews are doing with the Nazis. Did you 19 fucking 40 no stop it.
I can’t work out why they’ve been persecuted for four thousand years?? If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it’s probably a duck.
Wowww Israell can order UN Vassal ?? Who the heck are they to order UN ?
I must say this one more thing where are they supposed to go where is Palestine Spurs to go is urban air prison where the fuck are Palestinians meant to go into the ocean? Is that what Jews want for them to go into the ocean for fucks sake, stop this no it’s gotta stop now
This is gotta stop no the Jews are saying that they’re the victims. What about the Palestinians all those babies and there’s children being killed blown up old people old man been blown up people on dialysis all been blown up what about them they don’t talk about all the pool Palestinians, which are being driven into the Sea by the Jews. The Christians have been spat on by the Jews live 2022 Jews bass On And they stopped the most holy time in the Christian calendar which was Easter. They stopped it from happening they bashed them. They attacked them. All Christians are been pulled out of Jerusalem them not their was 11% now there’s 2% Christians what’s going on here the Jews are saying they’re the victims. No they’re not the victims they’re the ones pushing the Palestinians and the Christians out, they want it all for themselves, I am sick and tired of listening to it. What did youse are going through? What about the Palestinians and the Christians? What about we? We are going through a lot of as well stop it now
The un and all those sh!t 2 and 3 letter agencies are nothing but a bunch of communist scum. Don't trust or listen 2 anything they mumble, all lies they need 2 b PURGED!
Joe Biden Obama have opened the Southern border of the USA. This is a part of the attempt to create a one world government. The global swamp must be destroyed. The world needs Mr President Trump Now
I doubt Hamas Terrorist will allow the citizens of Gaza to go South because they want them to get killed so they can parade their bodies to the Easily Manipulated worldwide public!!! Remember, these are the same Terrorist that beheaded babies with shovels and burned children and whole families alive!!!
UN should be disbanded immediately
a fishy timing, just when the Israel & Palestine shitshow is happening Youtube Dislike Tab wont work
I cannot stand the media! I've watched multiple reports and these idiots continuously ask "is there going to be a ground invasion"??? What??? They actually have to ask that question??? Good God our society is doomed if people are this blind.....
Israel really angry . If Israel give warning they still have moral .
I will gladly take a Palestinian family into my home if it means they will not be slaughtered like fish in a barrel.🙏
It's wise to stay away from any hamas member
Israel know exactly where those sheer devils Hamas hide inside Gaza, but they are merely to ask Palestine people leave in 24 hours before they start attacks them. God Blessed Israel people, and  grave soldiers
Mistake thinking the Palestinian are different from the hamas.  They’re were cheering the hamas 2 weeks ago to destroy Israel.  Be careful who you support
Why is Israel bombing the place where their hostages are? How did Hamas drive through the border with all that apartheid security? How did Hamas fly over the border on slow hang gliders when they have the high speed Iron Dome missile shoot down system? How is one of the most surveilled country's in the world with the world's best drones not seeing a 1000 armed Hamas crossing the border, shooting, kidnapping & driving back on the 50th anniversary of a big war with Israel? Israel intelligence didn't pick that up, Police, IDF? Did somebody tell all the IDF to take a day off?
Praying for wisdom for Israel fully guided by the Lord and the world will know that the God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob lives forever and ever......whoever touched Israel will touch the very eye of God...
Victory to Israel! The country will come out of this much stronger. The Middle East will become a much safer place for everyone.
Israel is still mercy to Palestine people and warn them leave, if Russia they didn’t says a word, bombs and killed indecent people. God Blessed Israel, power of God give Israel to defeat enemies and save their people from devils
I applaud this strong move by Israel's government.  Israel has endured the terror of hamas and hezbollah for far to long.  What peace have their people known?  For all these concessions?  Russias d I rty paws in so many things...around the world. Russias tactics to illegally occupy can be heard. I hope all those not connected to hamas and hezbollah terror, get a chance to relocate.
Why is it when Hamas kills people it's muder, but when Israel kills people it's "deaths"?
I applaud this strong move by Israel's government.  Israel has endured the terror of hamas and hezbollah for far to long.  What peace have their people known?  For all these concessions?  Russias d I rty paws in so many things...around the world. Russias tactics to illegally occupy can be heard. I hope all those not connected to hamas and hezbollah terror, get a chance to relocate.
There is not such thing as an innocent palestinian
Will Hamas continue to hide in tunnels like rats and use their Palestinian population as human shields in the war they started? I bet you that Hamas will force population to stay under the bombs as they did since a week now…
It's disgusting to think that ANYONE would support a massacre of innocent families. Those in America supporting hamas should be considered terrorists themselves. May God be with all the innocent people who died, lost loved ones, or have found themselves in the middle of this war.
Israel needs to arm its citizens, or at least allow them to purchase their own. Imagine how many lives could've been saved had they had them.
Israel was asleep just like us,people Joe is going to get us hit just like that because of the border.
Americans on the left supporting fascism from Muslims is disappointing.
UN will do anything to shield Hamas.
Lucifer is in charge!😊
Islam, metastatic cancer since 622 AD..............
T h ey have been planning an attack for over a year but made no provisions for their Palestinian people.
Only the Israeli Jews hv the humanity to give advance warning to civilians in this was and other conflicts. This is a vast contrast to the Palestinians. Yet, the World is deluded and biased against Israel.
To be fair we need to dissolve both parties rights to statehood.
It's amazing that the Israeli rep has to read from his cell phone!! People cannot remember information. Phones are a bad crutch and bad for your brain.
I apologize for my countrymen here in the US who are supporting Hamas. I am not one of them. They are mostly muslims. The majority of us are praying for Israel.
It could happen in USA with our border wide open for over 3 years.
Immediate Cease Fire. Vote/Throw out both racist Govs. Sign peace treaty w/ deadlines & sanctions for breaking every decade. Return to internationl legal borders. Hand over all stolen land & war criminals
What Hamas wants? Death. Hamas wants everyone that isn't a radical Muslim dead. Every other conversation is a distraction from objective reality. There was no such thing as a Muslim arab thousands of years ago and any shuch distraction is braindead hypocrisy. People who conflate what's happening with Hamas and Gaza with ancient history are incapable of rational thought.
Anyone hooked on the notion that this whole saga can be solved by military interventions is a fool. The only solution is when sane reasonable people decide to talk and talk until agreeable conclusions are reached. That is how humans are designed to operate
Satan knows that his time is short and he is trying to destroy as many people as he can as fast as he can. God is watching to see what camp the people of the world belong to. In the end He will pour out His wrath on those who stand with evil. The clusters of the vine of the earth with be gathered and crushed outside of the city. Until then it's not going to be pretty. Dark times are coming soon for the whole world.  Israel is God's timepiece. The time of Man and Satan ruling over the world will soon end. It has been 6,000 years since Genius  6 .   120 jubilee years × 50 = 6,000  .  6 is the number of MAN.
IRAN AN HAMAS STARTED THIS WAR HOLYLAND WILL FINISH IT....AMEN DONT MESS WITH GODS HOLY PEOPLE, GOD IS WITH THEM ....USA I STAND WITH ISRAEL
🙏 🙏 🙏 Miracles happens
F    Israel’s Lucifers legions
I STAND WITH ISRAEL!
Terrorists are in every western country.
I stand with Israel my heart goes out to Israelis victims n family Gaza or anyone that comes against will NEVER win because they are the Apple of God's eyes.
Bad leadership of palistinian why they sufort Hamas they know them that group is ISIS they like ah cow whith string in there nose pray for all Israel people fight for the land
Give them a couple hours and catch hamas pedoterrorists red handed.
Palestine hostage Hamas hostage Israel..   Palestine humanshields.. 😮😮😮 protetors. Its hard to see, but hamas makes worsen palestine life. That is Unprecedent Hamas surprise for Palesitine...not for israel 😮😮😮
If the Gazan's wish to remain in place as human sheilds,  they have free will. All Arabs / Palestinians want Death To Israel
It's civil of Israel to give warnings but, that seems risky to me as well. The goal is to stamp out Hamas. Now, Hamas are a bunch of cowards, anyway, and they're hiding. By telling residents to relocate or move, you're telling Hamas what you're doing so all Hamas have to do is dress like and act like a civilian and blend right in. All youre doing is allowing the infection to spread to a different part of the limb. Hamas will survive because they're camouflaging. They're not PROUD enough or BRAVE enough to form their line and go in like men. They're gonna hide in their holes and among the people. "If you're firing a rocket from your kitchen...." Because that's what Hamas are doing, they're hiding in homes. When a doctor goes in to operate, he looks for the infection and removes it completely to save the limb.  The only way to crush Hamas are to trap them, providing any kind of an escape route just replants the weed in a different part of the garden to eventually spring up more weeds.  It sucks, it really sucks so many innocent people are suffering, but this is the consequences of Hamas' choices. The deaths of Palestinians and all the pain and anguish is the consequences of Hamas' terrorist actions, and they're cowards. A brave man stands right out front. A coward and a guilty man hide. Hamas knows they're in over their heads, they can't compete with Israel, Israel will crush them. I don't think the rest of Arab nation that want to support terrorism can take Israel, and if the Arab nation attack Israel full on, then they've also picked a fight with the United States. If the United States come into the conflict, I can't imagine the U.K., France, Germany, etc. (especially where Germany has a chance to make things right with Israel) aren't going to be far behind. The United States remembers all too well what happened twenty years ago. The younger generation doesn't understand but they're seeing it through new eyes.  Whatever transpires, whatever the final count in Gaza is, responsibility falls solely on Hamas. Whatever the final death toll is, Hamas will answer to a higher power we as human beings can't even begin to comprehend. EVERYONE warring in this conflict on this great spinning marble has one thing in common, they all know of Abraham and where Abraham descends from and there's one being that's over all of that. As they all wear their ceremonial attire they acknowledge that one being. The Old Testament existed well before the Qu'ran, Mohammed learned from the Old Testament and that same Old Testament being has a wrathful nature so, Hamas will know and answer to that judgement be it in this life or the next
"Does He who disciplines nations not punish? Does He who teaches man lack knowledge? The Lord knows the thoughts of man; He knows that they are futile." Psalms 94:10,11.
May God protect Israel and may there be peace in Jerusalem. Amen.
The U N stands for terror and the end of Israel.
I Stand with 🇮🇱 Israel! ❤ 🇺🇸 Hamas is satan’s children, they are evil and vile. I pray God be our defender against Hamas. God protect and strengthen Israel!
In the history of mankind there has never been a Palestinian people !
They killed 1300 Israelis and Israel has so far killed 1500 Palestinians. Not enough yet?
Bwahaha, yes, whoever wants to save the jihadis, house them in their countries, come get them.
I am a little worried this is going to be a guerrilla war it probably guaranteed a guerrilla war because they got tunnels and all kinds of stuff and that's a hard war to fight I hope the IDF can just don't just go blowing in there
If I knew my house was going to be bombed, 24 hours is plenty of time to move my ass 20 miles somewhere else.
There's more to it than just a Voice committee. Your children and grandchildren will suffer.  Leave the Constitution alone.  Vote NO.
For 1400 years Islamic terrorists have raped, beheaded, tortured iranian and Middle East people and usurped their land and wealth all in the name of their god.  Iranian people showed love and kindness and even accepted Islam but these murderers are still doing the same atrocities and heinous crimes against us.  This proves that kindness does not work with terrorists.  Israel has every right to defend itself and eliminate these evil animals whose goal is destruction of Israel.  Islamic regime is holding 90 million Iranians as hostage and no one object’s including UN.  God be with Israel.  Stay United  Be on high alert that other bigger players are behind all this.
Pray for peace the innocent on both sides who did not want this
There are NO innocent civilians in GAZA.  Why?  Easy.  They did NOTHING to stop or fight the countless thousands of rockets fired indiscriminately at Israel citizens to kill them and instill terror.  They did NOTHING but support it or look the other way.  Either way, that's the price to pay for inaction, and EVERYONE should take note.   Israel is doing the right thing..
Great interview.
As an Iraqi Christian, I strongly condemn the abhorrent actions of terrorist Hamas and pray for the innocent victims and for the safe return of hostages.
No electricity for Palestinians to receive the message. Did u send carrier pigeons to the civilans front doors?
24 hours is sufficient notice..given hamas gave no notification of there atrocious attacks
Have you watched any of those videos from the States where they ask young people questions? They have no idea....about anything....let alone hold a viable opinion about this situation......Woke Zombies....nothing more. Schools in the US don't teach kids "how to think"...they teach them "what to think."
What am I supposed to Boodoo? I called for an Uber. Got an Arabic driver with a Palestinian flag. Do I are myself I refuse the ride, but according to Uber, that’s racist they don’t understand they send use mostly air, drivers permit drivers Arabic, Arabic drivers mini with Palestinian flags.
This was a ploy to finally abolish Gaza. Duped into supporting war yet again.
“You can’t negotiate with people that want to kill you.” —-Golda Meir
Hezbolah is saying for Israel to quot bombing or they will get involved (as if we don't know that they have been involved the entire time!), yet, Gaza is still shooting rockets to this very day!  I think it's a kind gesture to give caution to move before being bombed! Hamas is telling the people to stay in harms way! They have no conscious,  no concern for life.  This truly has no connection to "the land" issue. This is about killing as many people as they can, even their own people.
F / UN
Hamas says stay 🤨 Yes-because they are weak without human shields
This is coming  to the usa they're  already  HERE . They came over the southern  border  thank you  joe biden
The Palestinians should not want to live among terrorists.
Hope if they flee, they don't come in Europe. They should go to muslim countries. We shouldn't allow them to come here.
Israel has been breaking international laws since its inception and the rest of the world has sat and ignored it. Any other country would see an Allied insistence to stop.  Americas Middle East baby
How they know how many people died because they don't know how many died in Hawaii
God strength Israel from cyprus
Israel must use a Globe Master Cargo plane to carry several MOAB to drop over northern gaza to create craters, thus exposing the tunnels . After the war , northern , gaza will be confiscated for a demilitarized / buffer  zone  for Israel enhanced security .
Excellent coverage.  Thank you.  The response from the United Nations is SHAMEFUL!  Shame on them!  Why don’t THEY help these people as a united effort?  They should arrive at a solution with Egypt and the nearby nations to take some refugees.  My heart is broken at the way Hamas is getting support in this way, and it is Israel that is being criticized in front of the whole world.
Why are we warning the enemy before we strike?  Who does this???  👀
Also, the Palestinian people originally come from Jordan, Egypt and some parts of Lebanon and Syria. Why no offer of shelter for the Palestinian people? Because the Palestinians are chips to be used as propaganda not considered people by Hamas and Iranian leaders. The Arab states never open their lands to help one another. Except to their radical factions. The people always suffer under radicalized Islamic Rule. Always.
Prayers, Prayers, Prayers for Israel from Dallas Texas.
Hamas causes the strife-Calls for a day of Rage..🤷🏻‍♂️
What prevent Hamas from evacuating with the general population?
Id just evacuate period.
Thank you for reporting on this. God bless you
Israel are doing it proper ..evacuate all the children and women from the war zone but from the whole off gazza
I’m shocked that your editor is shocked. Clueless?
I stand with Israel against terror
In almost every news report, as usual Palestinians play their victim card,  always the victims. They are quick to blame Israel, yet NOT ONE condemns Hamas, or the actions of Hamas, that has led to the situation they now find themselves. For years, Palestinians have allowed Hamas militants to operate freely within their communities. They knowingly provide Hamas units shelter in schools, hospitals, and other high profile places where people gather, giving Hamas  " human shield " effect. Hamas, Hezbolla, ISIS all terrorists groups that are willing to sacrifice Palestinian civilians for their cause. What kind of mindset does a person have to slaughter infants in their cribs? To ride on air- gliders over a crowd of young Israeli civilians, while firing down at them. Hamas slaughtered elderly, women, and children. Then fired over 5000 rockets into Israel. Palestinians have been given warning to leave. Of course many will not, only to play unknowing victims on global cameras. Israel as does any sovereign nation, has the right, the obligation to defend and protect its citizens. Palestinians supported Hamas's hostile take-over of the PLO. Israel gave Palestinians land, met their every demand. Still, it's not enough, it's never enough. Leveling Gaza to eliminate Hamas is fair.
Praying for Israel ❤
The UN has a job to do and that's to get the Palestinians out of that area . To provide them with what they need that WE'VE Paid for. So if the UN is so incompetent that's a real big problem.
You used the word terrorist. Thank you.
This military lady makes sense politicians leave the Generals run the military and untie their hands
The headline 1300 Israelis murdered is an Israeli hyper-volatile banner to arouse hatred against an insurgent foreign army that attacked Israel to assert their victimized people's rights to stolen land and destroyed buildings, crops, and the genocide of its people.  Israel is a pariah nation engaged in ethnic cleansing systemic ethnic cleansing and land occupation.  There can be no sympathy for Israel for what it has done for the last 76 years.
Israel land of god  we stand for israel
The Palestinians elected Hamas in The Gaza now they must pay the price for the criminal acts of their government
God stated that Ishmael would be at enmity with everybody around him forever !!!
The UN is governed by mostly anti-Israel segments! I stand by the Israeli people!
UN has become a corrupt organization.
For Biden it’s a campaign issue declare on that that’s why he’s not talking about hostages
https://youtu.be/vC8gxuQQLxc?si=nVj2HLDTkXDwwaaE
And you funded it and helped plan it Mr. Blinken.  Their blood is on your head.
Quit giving them warnings and just do it!!!!! Did they warn you before they slaughtered you? No!!! What would Caleb do? or King David do?, would they warn the philistines? No!!! They would go in and clean house......
I support Israel.  Praying for the IDF soldiers and all the hostages. I am completely devastated about what has happened in and to Israel.  May God arise and His enemies be scattered.
I condemn all the disgusting supporter's of the very weak, vile, cowardly monsters who call themselves hamas.  They are just as evil. Please keep vigilant today against these horrendous ppl who want to harm you.  Prayers and love for the Israelis from America. ❤ And good for France for standing up against these vile protesters.
Please contact Prime Minister of Israel, to Investigate the Tunnels by Egyptian border, that is where the hostages could be to hide 150 hostages... Please Investigate...🤬🇳🇮🇺🇸💪
MARK MY WORDS BENJAMIN (AZAZEL) NETANYAHU, WILL GENOCIDE, AND HAS NOW DISPLACED, AND KILLED OVER 3000 PALESTINIANS, AND COUNTING! HE NOW HAS THE WHOLE GAZA STRIP, OPEN FOR NEW JEWISH SETTLEMENTS! AMERICA YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOUR EVIL SELF!
This shit has been going on for decades... why is this all of a sudden news again?
You better get out this time Israel has a green light and is on a rampage
Biden is wondering if all Hamas terrorists have their covid shots?
Shit’s about to get real…
There are no human rights for when you're poor, the world open your eyes and see what's really going on
If you can do it yourself you can clean it  yourself what are you waiting for  Grooves go on We can all see the premises is filthy And we want it clean Thats all we are asking for You don't need favours  for what If am sure i can do it myself I don't ask for help Knowing very well probably you helper could be a lazy ass UN is toothless on this  Better they do it their way Thats why we are urging  Israel to do it strategically By forging rapport With the gazanians the good ones  And the neighborhood  To solve this Instead in them anger is boiling A never witnessed anger 😂😂😂😂😂😂 They don't care anymore And you will never solve that problem that way by creating more war fronts Unless you are mad Deal with hamas first And be the first one to offer a helping hand to the victims of both sides You will need the intelligence from them Hag the innocent good Palestinians  That how modern wars are fought 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Don't just enter there chest thumping That will be stupidity And there will be a huge surmount or increase in casualties Believe me not 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I love Israel and stand with them 🇨🇦🙏🏼
When the tunnels are destroyed then negotiations can begin.  The UN should be part of the destruction of all tunnels.
There's no such thing as a "Palestinian" as related to the Arab Muslims who live in the area.  Palestine was a term given to the area by Rome 2,000 years ago - before the fabrication of Islam! There are Muslims, Christians and Jews who occupy various zones of geography in the area.
The wonderful ppl in these Kibbutz hired some Palestinians to do work for them only to be gathering intel on them so they could commit these atrocities.  So disgusting!  Prayers snd love for the Israelis, from the USA ❤
Hamas hesbalah isis a terrorist is a terrorist.
Good
People need to stop with this is the Ugliest war that has ever been because WW1 was the worst and this will never change hell WW2 still over takes this attack due to fact that Nuclear bomb was dropped on a country.  An again people need to stop with this Israel attack Innocent people because that is not what is happening,  when the people of Palestinian are warned to leave the area thats about to be attack Hamas tells them to stay and they do so whos fault is it if these people die not on Israel because these Palestinian people are making a choice not to move from the Area its just Nuts to think that people know a bombs about to be dropped on their Home and yet they sit there instead of leaving for safety this doesn't make sense to me.   Now look I am not saying that Israel is Perfect in any way I 100% agree there is a lot of Hate from the Jewish people towards Palestinian people and even Christian People I have seen videos of Jewish people spitting on Christians in Israel, or even going as far as to going into a church and attacking people and destroying the statue of Jesus  WTF is going on.  Both sides are 100% guilty for teaching hate to their children and continue to do so today when you are dealing with a Religious Ideology,  look when all you do is teach Generation to hate so much that children go around saying im going to stab and run over Jews people,  you have a more serious problem than you think.  An people need to stop Yelling Free Palestine maybe Palestine should stop letting Terrorist Groups take over because these people don't want peace and just to live with their families they want the rest of the world to DIE simple put if your not Muslim your Head is to be cut off Facts!   It's sad but you're dealing with a Ideology which you have to Snuff out you have to remove anyone who thinks this way their children can be saved at a young age with Re Education but 90% of that group would have to be dissolved from this earth and it hurts my heart a little to say it like this but these people will never change even if you give them Israel they would continue to Rape,  Murder,  Burn, and Behead all that is not of the Muslim faith due to their Beliefs which is just sad.
Israel is a terrorist state and always has been
The hiring of 20. Thousand gazians to Israel,were also the eyes and ears of hamas and its collaberators,they were the trojan horse.
The UN told Israel to leave Gaza long ago
@msjannd4 actually Israel tells terrorists to leave and anyone including Palestinians that are just peaceful people who want to live side by side with other religions & are okay with living under a Jewish run state that they can stay. Israel doesn't want to hurt peaceful people... they want to kill & destroy those who want to kill and destroy them. But yes... right this second that is what is happening in the Gaza strip. Hamas are monsters. 😮‍💨😢
Gaza needs to leve got out fast!
"A day of rage"? Bring it!!
It's about to heat up....
Isreal intelligence knows which buildings Hamas are located in, but they didn't see this attack coming?
Maybe the UN will get involved leading to them proclaiming Peace and Security...  READ THIS COMMENT. YOUTUBE KEEP BANNING ME FOR POSTING IT. THERE’S VERY LITTLE TIME LEFT NOW.  Contrary to what most churches teach, God does not rule the world...  1) We know that we originate with God, but the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one. - 1st John 5:19  2) So down the great dragon was hurled, the original serpent, the one called Devil and Satan, who is misleading the entire inhabited earth; he was hurled down to the earth, and his angels were hurled down with him. - Revelation 12:9  3) Now there is a judging of this world; now the ruler of this world will be cast out. - John 12:31  4) among whom the god of this system of things has blinded the minds of the unbelievers, so that the illumination of the glorious good news about the Christ, who is the image of God, might not shine through. - 2nd Corinthians 4:4  5) I will not speak with you much more, for the ruler of the world is coming, and he has no hold on me. - John 14:30  6) And no wonder, for Satan himself keeps disguising himself as an angel of light. - 2nd Corinthians 11:14  7) Then the Devil said to him: “I will give you all this authority and their glory, because it has been handed over to me, and I give it to whomever I wish. -  Luke 4:6  …but God will rule again very soon!  FIVE EVENTS TO COME:  1. World leaders proclaim “Peace and security!”  - 1 Thessalonians 5:3.  2. Nations attack and destroy “Babylon the Great” - Revelation 17:1, 2, 17.  3. Attack on Jehovah’s people - Ezekiel 38:1, 2, 9-12, 18-23.  4. War of Armageddon - Revelation 16:14, 16.   5. Christ throws Satan and his demons into the abyss - Revelation 20:2, 3.  DRAMATIC WORLD EVENTS SIGNALLING THAT THE END IS NEAR:  1) GLOBAL WAR AND ESCALATING CHAOS You are going to hear of wars and reports of wars. See that you are not alarmed, for these things must take place, but the end is not yet. For nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom . . . All these things are a beginning of pangs of distress. — Matthew 24:6-8.  2) DISEASE AND HUNGER WORLDWIDE In one place after another food shortages and pestilences.— Luke 21:11.  3) WIDESPREAD LAWLESSNESS AND RELIGIOUS CONFUSION Many false prophets will arise and mislead many; and because of the increasing of lawlessness, the love of the greater number will grow cold. — Matthew 24:11, 12.  4) MORAL AND SOCIAL BREAKDOWN ON AN UNPRECEDENTED SCALE In the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, . . . disloyal, having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride. — 2 Timothy 3:1-4.  5) GOOD NEWS OF GOD’S KINGDOM PREACHED WORLDWIDE This good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come. — Matthew 24:14.  6) CRITICS DENY THAT THE END IS NEAR In the last days ridiculers will come with their ridicule, proceeding according to their own desires and saying: ‘Where is this promised presence of his? Why, from the day our forefathers fell asleep in death, all things are continuing exactly as they were from creation’s beginning. — 2 Peter 3:3,4   All of these things have to happen. Nothing we do can stop them from taking place. People are being lead to believe that our political votes have the potential to improve things or even curtail these things from happening. This is not the case. These events will take place regardless of what we do.  1) Moreover, when you hear of wars and reports of wars, do not be alarmed; these things must take place, but the end is not yet. - Mark 13:7  2) You are going to hear of wars and reports of wars. See that you are not alarmed, for these things must take place, but the end is not yet. - Matthew 24:6  3) Furthermore, when you hear of wars and disturbances, do not be terrified. For these things must take place first, but the end will not occur immediately. - Luke 21:9  Exposing the evil is one thing…  And stop sharing in the unfruitful works that belong to the darkness; rather, expose them for what they are. - Ephesians 5:11  …but then where do we go?  1) Do not let yourself be conquered by the evil, but keep conquering the evil with the good. - Romans 12:21  2) Turn away from what is bad and do what is good. - Psalm 34:14  3) Let him turn away from what is bad and do what is good; let him seek peace and pursue it. - 1st Peter 3:11  4) Let the wicked man leave his way and the evil man his thoughts; Let him return to Jehovah who will have mercy on him, to our God for he will freely forgive. - Isaiah 55:7  5) Let go of anger and abandon rage; do not become upset and turn to doing evil. -  Psalm 37:8  6) Do not be upset because of evil men or envious of wrong doers. - Psalm 37:1  7) Take your stand against [Satan], firm in the faith. - 1 Peter 5:9  How can we conquer evil with good?  1) On the other hand, the fruitage of the spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faith, mildness, self control… - Galatians 5:22,23  2) And let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works. - Hebrews 10:24  3) Therefore, subject yourselves to God; but oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you. - James 4:7  4) By this all will know that you are my disciples - if you have love among yourselves. - John 13:35  5) Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love. - 1st John 4:8  6) Do not love either the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him. - 1st John 2:15  What the world portrays as love and goodness is not Jehovah’s definition of love and goodness. We can learn the true meaning of love and goodness from Jehovah himself in his word, the bible. Drawing close to him will help us do this.  1) Whoever does not love has not come to know God, because God is love. - 1 John 4:8  2) Draw close to God and he will draw close to you. - James 4:8  We must, therefore, make the first move. But, how can we draw close to God?  1) This book of the law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone day and night, (or he meditate on it) in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely. - Joshua 1:8  2) But his delight is in the law of Jehovah, and he reads his law in an undertone day and night. (or he meditates on his law) - Psalm 1:2  The bible tells us the past, present, and future of humanity. It tells us what happened in the past and predicted the problems it would cause in the future which are transpiring now exactly as foretold. Above all, though, it tells us what hope we have for the future and how we might benefit from what has been promised to us.  1) This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ. - John 17:3  2) The righteous will possess the Earth, and they will live forever on it. - Psalm 37:29  3) And all your people will be righteous; They will possess the land forever. - Isaiah 60:21  4) When the storm passes by, the wicked one will be no more, but the righteous one is a foundation forever.  5) And he said to him: “Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in paradise. - Luke 23:43  6) For the wages sin pays is death, but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord. - Romans 6:23  7) Therefore, just as the weeds are collected and burned with fire, so it will be in the conclusion of the system of things. - Matthew 13:40  8) He gave himself for our sins so that he might rescue us from the present wicked system of things according to the will of our God and father. - Galatians 1:4   Why Study The Bible?                                        What Happens At A Bible Study?                                     Request A Free Bible Study:                                         https://www.jw.org/en/bible-teachings/guided-bible-study-course/
24-6 hours = 18 hours
Deprivation of food, water, furl and electricity then asking them to leave? That's basically impossible.
The Bible is a heart and a sword peace be to Israel 🇮🇱 ❤ quoted by EM
Sympathizers of terrorist, ....rallies around the world.....what a hell going on????
Where are they going to go? It’s already the most densely populated area in the world
how many people would like to be bossed around like this by foreigners? just wondering oh and it doesn't matter if its a war or not.
DISMANTLE THE UN, THE WHO, THE WEFERS, ALL EVIL PERIOD!
Please don’t send them to the 🇺🇸
Forcing the residents of Gaza southward is akin to the ghettos of Germany in ww2
I stand with Israel. God bless Israel.
The IDF knows full well that the citizens of Gaza have nowhere to go, so faining concern for the people is BS. Before they carpet bomb the most crowded and poor place in the world is yet another war crime added to the already long list of reprehensible crimes against humanity Netanyahu keeps getting away with.
@chitaegandalalake you misspelled Iran dear.
Maybe America can find a State to partition to relocate ths Palestinians. England should but their country is too small
OMG！！！
Terrorists slipped through the naive and p4ssy immigration justice systems in the western world and unfortunately now it"s infested. These people in Gaza never will be taken by Arab countries instead they will infest the western world as they have open arms to refugees.
@anyatranter5588 what's pathetic is your lack of empathy... who gives a crap what religion someone is? That's not even what they are fighting about. Isreal gets a attacked and defends its self... they would do the same even if they were being attacked by atheists. 😒
USA supports Israel ❤
This happened because of the ultra-radical terrorists of HAMAS and their associates.  Want to kill humans for their happiness.  (Like 911 in America) Because they think that other people don't have flesh and blood, don't have a heart, don't have pain, and don't dare to be as talented as them.  These are the true demons of the human world.  And they were born to  come to destroy humanity
The UN has had more than a year to assist in the Russian- Ukraine War they have done nothing.  Have had generations to assist in the Haitian humanitarian crises (rumors of canibalizar).  Has turned into a useless club.
I absolutely support for Israel. And the Israelis should stop fighting each other among youreslves. That would easily allow the enemy to destroy you. Your enemy is not the government it between you and the enemy the Devil.  The reality is now he break your spirit into pieces. Stay strong and vigilant.
Americans,  remember Pearl Harbor and 9.11 ❤This is going to be Nasty.😢 The Arab World is terrified of Hamas. 😢😢
hmm another county ORDERING another country, but this will be the end on israel
The UN is an instrument used against Israel. They are yet another useless world organization.
The United States Of America is a Constitutional Republic being attacked by DEMOCRATS!!!!  YOU FAIL TO IDENTIFY AND UNDERSTAND THIS!!!!!! 🔥🔥🤬🔥🔥
THERE IS A CAUSE THERE IS AN EFFECT, and the consequences are very severe, and this will continue to happen, and the strong will win the fight - R🕯P OKT7 #prayforpeaceinGaza 🙏🙏🙏
In my humble opinion, the traitorous UN needs to be invited to leave Israel. If one knows this evil organization’s hatred of Israel and it is out for all to see, the wickedness infested in this Cabal entity would render it a Persona non Grata!
Surprised that the United Nothings are still there. The UNWRA should be consider the public relations dept. for hamass and thus the enemy. How could Hamass get so much arments without their knowledge.
Mass Genocide of a race of people...There is no U.N. Only by name only...
If you have to ask civilians to evacuate in response to a terroist attack then your going down the wrong road, asin your a Terrorist  yourself. The only way to win against against them is you gotta prove to the good guys they should support you, you cant do that by blowing up there house. Or causing the pain. As soon as you cost someone money or emotional pain your basically wrote off forever. This is a terrible strategy.  Especially when Israelis are the only people better than us warmongering.
Hamas think the best weapon is civilian. So civilians that don’t support Hamas should get out
Who cares what NYC thinks. It is a garbage can of socialists/fascists/communists/globalists.  Destroy Hamas!  Have the Arabs in Gaza leave, level Gaza, remove the rubble, return it to nature.  Over 70 years of this. Time for the fat lady to sing.  Then invade NYC!!!!!!
@postscript5549 no one's trying to stop them except Hamas. Not constantly attacking Israel would really help their survival... but Hamas won't stop. Everytime they are close to peace LIKE NOW Hamas attacks Israel and they go back to square one because Israel refuses to be eliminated.
congratulations all round. the idf has just killed more civilians in 6 days than Russia did in 6 months. thank goodness these weapons are in the hands of responsible governments like the US and Israel.
Anthony Blinken needs to be placed under arrest for assaulting American citizens.
We never hear much from the UN unless a certain twisted violent religion starts trouble then cry like babies when they get punished for their evil acts
I stand for Israel the holy land .MAY OUR DEAR LORD PROTECT YOU ALL FROM THE EVILDOERS.GOD BLESS EVERYONE.STAY SAFE.🙏🙏🙏
Let Palestinian rip what they saw
Any protesters who cover their faces are doing so for a reason; they want to hide their identity and why? What are their intentions....
a day of rage translates to terror attacks.
Blinken you jacksss you are there go see this yourself..NOT PICTURES…stop staying separated from it
Israel has no rights to ask UN to leave.  Israel have been commited war crimes for 7 decades, its all on paper.
You are only there because Micheal stands guard. Give glory to God. Do not be proud .
To those people who don’t support  terrorist should move out from the City , move to mountains
@anyatranter5588 not yet groups... One... Arabic. Isreal retaliation for being attacked is not them not "being peaceful" it's then not being dead door mats.
🇮🇱🇵🇭🇮🇱🇵🇭🇮🇱🇵🇭🇮🇱🇵🇭
As long as weapons business exists, teroorist and anti-terrorist activities continue
How about the UN tells Israel what to do.Cut all Israel funding until they find a solution with Palestinians.
Fu,k black lives matters   Black Soul's ⚫️
Hamas are a bunch of cowards... Gazans were abandoned by them... like always . Israel will prevail vergence
I bet all my net worth Nicole is a paid actor!  Ask her friends if she speaks normally like that in her normal voice!
Thanks obama and biden!
🙏❤️📖🙌🙌🙌🩸🙌🙌🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🕊️🎼🎵🎶🌹🍃🍃
Excellent!  Time has long past for Israel to deal with Hamas.
😢 prayers for everyone 🙏 ❤️
Absolutely Positively
If Palestinians are so innocent than why they were celebrating and passing out candies after what Hamas did to all these innocent Israelis in such inhuman way?!
The supporters of Hamas in the streets of western civilization are godless people. Satanic, evil, and young that were brought up to believe certain things. They are always the ones that cause problems. Pray for them too.  🙏🏻🇺🇸🇮🇱God bless Israel 🇮🇱🇺🇸🙏🏻
The photos of the Hamas execution of children should be shown to the U.N. and the world. It is time nations and their people remove their blinders and see the cruelty of Hamas. Only CNN has the gutts to show that Hamas is a gang of thugs ruling by the gun.
It is hard to distinguish one sentence from another; there are no gaps between any of the different subjects. Is this the normal way of  news speaking? Compare  Pulki Sharma, we all understand every word she utters.
what goes around comes around
you can say goodbye to those hostages I'm sorry for being this cold. but going this hard on them without any other options is just giving up on them. I have the feeling that most of them are dead. but if that's not the point
The tactics for Arab Islamists is brutally attack and then shift to victimhood.
There are no innocent Palestinians  They are all pieces of crap !
Hamas was  training for 1.5 years, Isreal didn't know? I'm starting to believe this was allowed so Isreal could purge Gaza strip of Palestinians. What better way to have the world support you, have them attack Israel and have thousands of innocent people killed. Now, they have no holds barred  to go in and purge the Palestinians.  Just like 911 in the U.S. and going into Iraq. I don't support any side, this has been going on for hundreds of years. War is death and destruction for any side. Why humans can't live with one another blows me away, we are still UNCIVILIZED.
iran should be tamed , or there will be no peace in middle east
The innocent cheering civilians
This war is a just war and it will pave the way for peace if Hamas is exterminated.
so so sad to see the usa leaders there are. this is why there are troubles its time to take advantage of a weak usa.
Any person who remains in Gaza will be considered an enemy combatant…
I wonder if Hamas will just let their Palestinian citizens walk out without gunning them down.......either way the ordinary citizen is screwed......
This has really opened my eyes to the suffering of the Palestinians.  Israel packs a couple million people into a concentration camp and then acts surprised when they lash out.
Iran seems to be a seedbed of trouble and should they get directly involved, they should be pounded too.
God bless Israel. Israel has the right to defend itself. The UN is useless. It has been since the beginning. May God curse anyone that goes against Israel!! Islam is not a religion. It is a demonic cult!! God has had enough of Islam!! we are seeing the end times..
The citizens here in America STAND WITH ISRAEL!!! We are praying for you!!! 🙏
Israel belongs to israelits God gave them that land. God protect them in Jesus name
What has the UN actually done in the last 70+ years besides  bring Castro into the USA to speak at its conventions?
May the God of Heaven protect Israel and protect His people, in Jesus Name.
this is assigned with them as they have killed more than 700 children and women's in surrounded and narrow land, cut all the water, electricity, food and medicine supplies, and using phosphoric acid on civilians (they don't know that all the countries surrounding them produce ammonia, sulphatic acid, phosphoric acid and other high acidity materials.   May the One God Return the rights to Palestinians (Amen)
The people celebrating hamas are SICK and depraved.
Why is Israel attacking Gazza... Oh yeah, its because they slaughtered innocent women, children and Men, not just Soldiers. They went in and literally slaughtered them with no mercy. Of course they are going to seek retribution and punish the terrorists responsible and the people willing to hide them. They give warnings of attack, we didn't see that when Hamas attacked did we. If you'r told to move, I suggest you move quickly.
They Do one Terrorist act on American soil They all will leave this soil permanently!
nothing has brought humanity more pain and suffering than religion.  your prayers are garbage just like your religion.
It breaks my heart for the people unable to get on the road,  what a horrible situation. 💔
Where on earth are 2.5 million + citizens of Gaza Concentration Camp to go ? My humanity cries for the innocent non-combatants and for the dead….. Never Again ?  Yeah ? That didn’t last…..
They are gonna get the MOAB, so the tunnels collapse.
My prayer is for Israel and its Allies, we will always stand with Israel, God bless to you, from Philippines.
DOWN WITH HAMAS
We stand with Israel.
Israel is not on the high moral ground sorry.  Better than Hamas morally?  Barely...
I think there will be Palestinian bodies conveniently carrying any “evidence” on them that will be needed to forward the narrative.
Sad, may the Lord be with all the IDF and family members
Silently by attacking Israel offguard is an act of declaring war, subsequently there will be a respnse. Let the responsibility held by the perpetrators
my prayers to the Almighty God of Israel, May the Lord God go ahead of your, form a ring of fire by night and pillar of cloud by hot sunny day. God Bless Israel
Propaganda channel. This  pied piper....ignore her tune!!°
O Lord our God, Creator of Heaven and Earth and all that is within it God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob The world has become formless and void Lacking the fear and Knowledge of God Everyone has gone astray, each following his own way Darkness is everywhere  Lord please let your presence come and send your spirit to move over us Send your light O Lord and let there be light Christ is the Light of the world that takes away every darkness and the sins of the world The light of God is salvation for us Come Lord and separate the light from the darkness as You did in the beginning  Turn our night into day Save your children O Lord That all May see and know that Christ is the Messiah. Save! Lord Jesus Save! For the Glory of God’s Holy Name.
Quit blocking the exits.  Give the innocent a chance at leaving.
No innocent victims in gaza. They chose hamass and support them. Googbye gaza, good riddance
If they want food and water they should leave just like Mosul Iraq?    The Un was silent then?
The head of Hamas isnt in Gaza go after them where they are with some  teams too.
Where are the Gaza citizens supposed to go? Will you let them into Israel? They can’t get through the ONLY exit into Egypt. Help me understand??
Psalm 23:4 Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
even 24hrs is alot of time.those terrorist may manage to escape .israeli should put ready all it servillance systems including in northern bounders with syrian and lebanon.also needs to monitor iranian transfer of weapons  and military aloud northern boundary ..
1 mills In place 😢 , no airstrike
Intentionally targeting (beheading, rape, burning) young and defenseless people should not be compared to collateral damage as a result of Hamas targets being destroyed which are located in residential areas of their supporters.  It seems a lot of news outlets are getting this confused and making it seem as if it is the same.  Prayers that the entire region Gaza and Israel can come to accept the only true Peace that comes through accepting the Messiah.  The LOVE of Jesus is for all.
Hamas is evil
Day of rage? Grow up.
This is war!
Pretending Paelstinians are innocent is a canard....   they are going to pay now for what they did.  for their support of hamas. Run now, run south like the UN
Hamas was asking for it! now they cry!
Raze Gaza. Western World: prepare to suffer the consequences for religious tolerance of islamic refugees for so many years. They are about to show their true colors: turns out that they actually were snakes all along.
Israel God is with you Ethiopia’s christian community with you
Why 24 hours? Palestine planned this attack for 2 years and didn’t take care of it’s citizens? Like leaving your border open to terrorists, governments don’t care about their people over there or over here.
As freddy mercury said 'Get on your bikes and ride!'
Genocide and cover up by zionest apartheid entiry , where will  children  , women and civilian go.if there was a holocaust,  what are you doing criminals
This war is not adding up. Why would Hammas order an attack knowing this would eradicate his own people?
When you threaten to wipe people off the face of the earth for years and then attempt to…. Don’t be surprised by how the table can turn!
Did the Iranian FM just confirm Iran is at war with Israel? "the war will open up on other fronts"
Fake news
I always get confused when people buy into hamas propaganda about how they were there first... They literally built the mosque in Jerusalem ON TOP OF the ruins of the most important ancient Jewish temple that ever existed! 🫨😵‍💫 maybe they shouldn't have done that?! I think anyone from any religion or culture would find that pretty damn disrespectful! And how exactly do you claim you were there first when archeological & DNA EVIDENCE proves that you weren't there until long after Jewish settlements and temples? Stop buying the BS. Judaism was there first.
Be careful American too more people demonstration in USA , You all be careful attack Surprise...
I wonder how many Palestines will walk to the Temple Mount, under the directive of tha Hamas Leader?   Where are these civilians going to go?   Egypt does not have open arms, and says only 400 are allowed in per day? Why doesn't Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and the UN help these civilians?   These civilians have no water or electricity.   Did Hamas not think of their people?  So many questions unanswered.   Prayers for Jerusalem and for all the innocent people.   Those who want war let them fight away from the people. May Jesus protect the innocents.  May those who do not know Jesus, find Jesus in their hearts.  Only Jesus can bring peace.   🙏 ❤
United States liberals are a lot like Hamas. They share a lot of Hamas ideologies, but Hamas's god is replaced by liberals with the god of self and worship victimhood and Satan to them is personal accountability!
Israel needs to turn the strip into a parking lot. Problem solved.
Only   Genocide by zionest who control the wetern world and submission by media  and loyal governments
Over one million people have to move within 24 hours, how f*cking ridiculous, is impossible. I think millions of Israeli's need to move north and give land and freedom to Palestinians! I'm half Jewish and think it's time Israel is stopped from stealing land and persecuting the Palestinians
All the hawks.
Fake news she’s in Israel and they’re talking about Gaza in the background pictures are not correct. It’s Clair the secret service Is controlling the news media now. Bought a bunch of jokers
This is Ugly. This is Brutal. This is ALL THE FAULT OF MOHAMMED.  THIS IS ALL THE FAULT OF ISLAM.
Hamas is ordering them to stay, they are not letting them evacuate!
I am a member of the Australian public I get it! I support Israel!
I get it. Israel has the right to respond the horrendous attack! BUT!!!! What they are doing now is far beyond humane!!!!! This is humanitarian crisis!!!!!! Zionist Israel is the same occupant as Russia. They bomb Palestine where their hostages may be. They kill innocent Palestinians and they are no better than Hamas. Look how they occupied with their settlements and treat Palestinians as second class on West Bank. Haven’t they suffered themselves from fascism and apartheid? And the greatest vilain here is the West and USA who divided the land in the first place!!!!
Did you all hear what Hamas spokesman said on Al Jazeera inteview? He said 'we dont kill civilians'.. I was like listen to that lying fker.☠
Zionist tyrants hamas terriost are all lowlife maggots
Take ground control and flood the terror tunnels with salt water from the sea.
Yeah, the UN should do that, instead of staying in their houses and speaks english!
Praying for ALL their souls!
Long live the people and the land of Israel.  We are solidly behind you  and the wrath of god almighty on all who harm the  holy land . Viva israel
Israel is strong not only because of the army and not politicians,   Only because citizens with mental and national strength with mutual help and love even between differences in political opinions unite for the sake of the motherland and save those who were kidnapped and murdered and bring the bodies.  Hamas is a terrorist organization whose countries Iran and Qatar send them money not for the sake of the Palestinians who will improve their lives, on the contrary to make them miserable.  Dozens enter Israel to work and now it stops, they have no work.  Some of them are subhuman scum who want babies, old women and men.  There are pictures that you can't look at from the first days. Who were murdered by farmers, socialists, democrats, people-loving kibbutzim, old people and babies? What do they only believe in murder, including in the entire Israeli Muslim society?  wild man subhuman  They are not animals with compassion they don't have!
How DARE the UN respond to ISRAEL like this. SHAME ON THE UN
I find it hard to believe any of their gods would allow this or any senseless killings.
the UN is run by islamic and communist nations even in the human rights commission. the biggest violators of Human Rights are on THAT commision. The world should stop paying any momney to the UN, especially UNHRA  but also WFP, and the dictatorial WHO. Finally, Israel should cut all ties with the WEF. Any person I know who is defending Hamas or even the non existing palestinians is no longer a friend of mine.
Why are you supporting terroriats?
Urban renewal for those who live by the sword.
Godbless the country he loves
What Abort Egypten
Hamas is a terrorist group, you do not deal with Terrorist
I really hope no one makes a comment to me that hamas dont deserve what their getting baby killing murders
That fly think Marry dead? Ezekeil 38 has the list of nations that will come against Israel.
Hamas should have been evacuating their civilians out of Gaza City as soon as they started their inhuman and bloodthirsty attack on innocent babies, children, women and the elderly in Israel.  But HAMAS hides their war machine behind the hospitals, homes and schools of their own innocent citizens instead.
Where will they evacuate too when Israel have blockades on all exists so makes no difference
So they can steal Gaza
Does UN acknowledge that hamas and hezbollah still is threatening very simple existence of Jewish state 🤔? And what is the UN planning to eliminate the threat by hezbollah and other Islamic terrorist groups that are threatening Israel in future 🤔??
United Nations RadicalAgenda21, protecting the wrong doers Hamas, but totally ignoring the terrorists attacks, the bloodshed against ISRAELIS, hundreds of babies beheaded....elderly Holocaust survivors tortured and executed.....youth raped then executed, EVIL on the highest level
Read the Koran 😮 It's online in your language. They are taught to lie - Don't trust what they say.
Do you blank people understand why now this country dont need weak leaders like biden and his leftist idiots you cant make deals with terriosts all that money biden give iran went straight to terriosts there blood is on their hands he give them the capability to carry this out by lotterly funding these actions we have to vote in leaders like trump who they know will come after them keep voting these dumbasses in and it might be your children or grandchildren next then you will understand how the israel people feel
I stand firm with IDF and Israel and all jews
At least Israel is giving them a warning - LEAVE OR DIE!
Long live Israel❤️🇮🇱❤
I would tell the Useless Nations to fu$# off on this one.
*Trash.  ISRAEL IS COMMITTING WAR CRIMES.*
Israel needs to be removed by surrounding countries so the war be over once and for all. Being called a terrorist only depends on which side you favor.
@MasterCedar you can say it's all from an ancient book of myths and fairy tails and question who wrote that all you want but what about the archeological evidence and DNA EVIDENCE proving that those books are based on facts? The Jewish people were there first. Science & fairy tale book both say so. 🤷 but you know better because you don't believe in religion? Do you believe in DNA or carbon dating?
The Arabs can go back to their heritage land back down south. Remember to be a Civilian, Firstly you must be '' Civil '' - Civil has several meanings. The simplest is cultured and polite, as in someone who is civilized.  Get them out through the south into Jordan where they're Ancestors used to live years ago. There is only one problem with this plan. The United States Of America and their WOKE BS on Humanitarianism. The Biden Admin is weak as piss and will NOT allow Israel to carry out their plans of a massive ground invasion. They still believe there are too many '' CIVIL'' People there to not warrant such massive destruction. They will stick their nose in and stop Israel from executing what has to be the greatest War Strategy in History. Unfortunately for Israel this great strategy to rid jihad from Israel's own land will be fought in vain and hamas will go to ground AGAIN only to resurface in the near future as the USA cry's to stop the bombing when they (USA) say so, Not when Israel say's so. The entirety of the American Government will be to blame for Israel's strategy to come to a screaming holt. Mark My Words. The American Advisory committee are cowards and WOKE. The sad thing is they call the shots. This will yet again go around in circles like it always does. The USA will put a stop again to the Netanyahu Governing personnel's plans, Which again, Is the Greatest War Strategy in human history. I applaud the Israeli people for wanting an end to this once and for all.
Israel is a terrorist country
1m people in 24h.  *Israel is committing WAR CRIMES.*
The last conquest of JOSHUA
It is not unprecedented. In modern times perhaps but the Muslims have been doing this for centuries. What they do is what caused them to be kicked out of Europe and Spain centuries ago and today they are still using the same Book to say what they must do. Remember that if you are not a Muslim then you are not safe from them unless you are subjugated by them and pay them Zakat or dead. In my view they are the followers of the false prophet in The Revelation Of John and only one fate awaits them, read it, it was written around 70 CE while Madhammered lived in the 7th century. He did everything no real prophet would do and billions have followed his ideals, seems to me to be fairly open and shut kind of case. We just can't afford to be even friends with them when you can't tell what they will do and say behind our backs.
I’m praying for  Israel. I’m on their side . My heart ❤️ is with them . I pray to the almighty God that they lol have the victory. In the name of Jesus amen . I love the Jewish people.
They know the UN can't do anything but they need to be able to say they warned everyone.  They are going to raze the strip to the ground, clear out all the people.  Anyone there will be treated like a terrorist.  Property rights for those being told to evac are gone.  Israel thinks they are lucky to get out with their lives and what they can carry.  Hamas FAFO.  Gaza strip no longer belongs to Palestinians.  Israel will never again allow those who want them dead living next door like this.
Hamas and Israeli government same Whatsup group, both terrorists that murder innocent Jewish and Palestinians civilians. Israel government starving Palestinians like Hitler did to the Jewish people. Shame on these selfish, murderous leaders on both sides.
Expulsion?   Hadn’t thought of that before but I think they should ALL. go to Iran.   Really like that idea.
At the end of it, Israel must ensure that there there is no longer a gaza strip. There must be Israel only!!
Starting days ago media  tried to spin the focus to Israeli side and framing them about killing people in Gaza, absolutely sick.
America's enemies have a window of opportunity.....IF Russia intensifies it's War with Ukraine....IF North Korea attacks S.Korea....IF China attacks Twian,and IF Iran attacks Israel.....the US government wouldn't know what to do,and the Republicans are so DIVIDED,that those brilliant ones don't have a Speaker.....this will dramatically effect any decisions.....while they're hating each other.....the World as they know it crumbles.....
Religious fanaticism, like every deadly infectious disease, spreads when those in power in Muslim countries like Pakistan, deliberately employ faith to further their political ambitions.
Tragic that a Queen Raina supports a terrorist group, she will later regret her word
GOD bless Israel!!!
I absolutely do not agree with pro Palestine protesters but we must be careful by not letting idiots protest because once you take away thier right to protest as despicable as it may be now the government can decide anything and everything you can say do and hear and have.
Did Hamas  tell the concert goers they have 24 hours to evacuate?
Hamas has made cruelty the only weapon available in this conflict. Netanyahu's only way to win is with equal or greater savagery.
It can't be that hard for a million people to go hide in their government-built UN/Iran funded tunnels.
The hamas terrorists who committed such sadistic, heinous, horrific ,evil crimes ,all their supporters and those celebrating the atrocities world wide  are really not fit to occupy any space on earth .  They are  cursed by God.
Israel tells to evacuate while Hamas tells civilian not to evacuate...civilian will be collateral victim of their war.
The whole world should unite and stand with israel by condemning terrorism in all its form and mannerism
Pump gas into the tunnels under Gaza
Slip of the tongue when she said pro-Palestinina protests have been allowed in France? I mean,   she was complaining about Hamas and so on but then she says that about pro-Palestinian protests? So she's basically doing what she is accusing the other of: she doesn't want Palestinians or Palestine to exist.  Look at your own belly bottom, madam.
Let’s not forget that Anthony Blinken’s party is the one supporting this crap against Israel. Got some congress woman too.
Relocate send your terrorist organisation I counterfeit terrorist warriors of UN you have to say. UN is now a terrorist organisation.  Only Islamic terrorists are working
Fuck Palistine!
Un is the tool of u know who
Hope the FBI is making a list if these insurrection’s.
Turn them to rubble's
Hamas started this but Israel will finish it
Israel and its western allies are global terrorists. Who is killling the innocent children, women and elderly in Palestine?   How can Israel shoot into the Gaza territory yet it knows that civilians live there? Where do you expect over 1million people to go within 24 hours? Are you being realistic?
I suppose the innocent Israeli people brutally killed warranted a stern slap on the hand? Seriously.  When Hamas attacked innocent women, children they should ignore this terrorist group!
Great channel!  TRUTH
Those insane liberals do not represent most of us. God bless Israel. Lies are loud. Truth is quiet.
Isreal are dealing with terrorists once and for all.
we dont stand with Europaen Colinizers whom came in the Middle East to steal land
Good for Isreal. At least Isreal gives people to get out. Jordan and Lebanon won't take the Palestinian people in Of course, the UN  anti semetic gang  and Muslims across the world are villifying Isreal. They didn't do same last week when Hamas terrorists were butchering innocent  men, women and children
The sad thing is that you will never change the culture of Muslims. They hate anyone who is not like them and think they should be wiped out. They support terrorism and will do anything to try and achieve their goals. Sick group of people. Here in America we have let them in and given them money, housing, food, education, medical and they hate America and Americans! I hope Israel flattens Gaza and crushes the terrorists!
Biden gave you 6 billion you have money to evaluate
Why are Muslims angry now that Israel is fighting back?  Palestinians and their supporters rejoiced at the crimes committed by Hamas shouting Death to Israel!!  They should continue dancing and singing and enjoy the situation.🙄
do you think thst the israelis don'nt know thst the attack is coming?israelis  one of the most smart in terms of espionge ? do you beleive?
fuck israel
go israel
Well said
What the world need to understand is there are Nations about to enter full scale War. As Netanyahu and some media are saying, This is not just a game of squirmish, this is the real thing. The unfortunate thing about full scale War is that innocent lives are lost also. These pussy Humanitarian organisations should go and prepare their own safety. All talks are off the table. The World is entering War, You people crying about civilians, First of all, You have to be '' CIVIL '' to be a civilian. Are they?  The Arabs can go back to their heritage land back down south. Remember to be a Civilian, Firstly you must be '' Civil '' - Civil has several meanings. The simplest is cultured and polite, as in someone who is civilized.  Get them out through the south into Jordan where they're Ancestors used to live years ago. There is only one problem with this plan. The United States Of America and their WOKE BS on Humanitarianism. This is not a simple insercion like they have been doing for years. A Declaration of Was is extremely serious. So to the '' Civil '' people of Gaza, Get Out Now, You have had several days to do so with ample warning. We haven't seen anything yet on the scale that this will play out. There is way more than meets the eye and its Big, VERY big. So don't plead '' what about the the innocent '' Muslim Civilians '' Gimme a break... This is WAR.
theyll just bring hamas with them, forget that. push them all into jordan and turn gaza back to sand. funny all the surrounding countries, all arabs and not one want palestinians in their countries.
Turn Hamas in or you are a sharrer and a participator in his mass murdering terrorists sins he does for Satan your god
Solidarity with lsreal. Stand strong and you will come out Victorious again for sure. George Soros and like minded viruses/ parasites  are the worst enemies of free world.
This is also the funny part though its understandable why you put the warning ahead but telling people to move to the south is also letting the terrorist run as well so whats the point? Are you at war with the buildings or with Hamas?
Blinken they are Terrorist.
Those on the side of Hamas in any country are sharing in the sins of that mass murdering terrorists freak on Satan's side, you people are friends of Satan
Israel and palestine should not exist. That land should become a state of the United state. The people cannot govern, let the great united states do it
The uN needs to evacuate existence.
Allah is Satan   Hamas animals just prove that
IRAN was really Masterminds of this WAR! Head of the Snake 🐍!
Who the hell do the Jews think they are.  They  use their stupid Bible to substantiate their existence.  Not working anymore.  Your pretend Monotheistic Yahweh is the curse of humanity.
Hammas calling for a 'day of rage' is just pure evil.
They called for global Jihad. At least be honest with people about it so we all know to keep on guard. Fri Oct 13, Friday the 13. They have called for global Jihad not just protest.
Solidarity with Israel though I feel for the Palestinian people choices were made now consequences will be paid!
GOD BLESS 🙏🙏🙏 ISRAEL GLY
Zionist squatters please leave
U.N is an Anti-Semitic governing body! Tell them to move away from war zone.
Friday is Oct. 13,2023( Friday the 13th)- Holiday of Satan Then Sat. Oct. 14,2023 (Solar Eclipses)- is a bad omen for Israeli enemies.  Ex. During the time of Moses 3 days of Darkness 🌑 signs (that was an Eclipses)in the Land of Pharaoh except Goshen!
God: You mind telling me what you're doing on that strip?  Israel: Sir, finishing this fight.
Tell that bloody devil netanyahu to prepare his grave
Hamas is a death cult.
Cowards hide and take hostages
Well if you supported or voted for Hamas to govern you then your not innocent
Soon Israel will soon rally the world for war with Iran over nuclear. From1966 Israel lied to the world when they said we have no nukes it took a brave Jewish nuclear scientist Mordechai Vanunu revealed a very dark secret on how much they had he was jailed for 20 years in solitary, under American law any nation proliferating nukes can't get aid Israel gets $3 billion a year, UN resolutions on Israel's nuclear weapons program.   December: Resolution 43/65: Calling for an establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East.   7 December: Resolution 43/80: Israeli nuclear armament.
GTFO bombs coming.
When you slap someone across the face don't CRY when you get punched back!! Israelis told Gazans to leave the area... if they didn't  LEAVE its on them isn't it?? Are they leaving women & children behind for photo ops?? WOW...EVIL
Innocent civilians were dancing over dead captive bodys just a couple of days ago. No pitty here.
Went to a Pro-Israel rally a few years ago.  Our message was "we stand with Israel", that's all.  Not anti-anything, just for.  The other side showed up & the police got involved and cited & arrested some due to their behavior.  I know these people & pray for both sides.
Longlive isreal
GOD BLESS ISRAEL !! 💕🇮🇱
Nigerian Christians are with you Israel. We keep praying for the peace of Israel 🇮🇱🇳🇬❤ we know the God of Israel never sleeps nor slumber. YHWH Saboath is His name.
With respect if hamas really did these how come they have not downloaded suchbimsges on their own website? Isis adopt this gorish approach  or do they not?
Israelites are the terrorists. Hamas and Palestinians are the victims and hosts to Israelites
Israel should consider flooding the tunnels with ocean water.  If they are all interconnected, flushing out the hidden terrorists and rocket launchers would presumably be less bloody than entering the tunnels with attack units.
INDIA AND INDIAN PEOPLE SUPPORT ISRAEL, AND JEWIS PEOPLE!!!
Wonder how long it will take Israel to nuke iran, nuclear winter coming your way
I hope our intelligence agencies are recording the faces of all the Palistian protesters.  Especiallly the ones who wear masks.
God bless Israel
It is definitely will not be accepted by Isreal to succumb foolish ideas Hamams asking civilian not to accept Israel’s message.Isreal has got full support of the world in crushing terrorism adopted & followed by Hamams.
Hey, I Support Israel !! If I have one suggestion that will be, please once in for all CLEANSE COMPLETELY All Snakes!! So they never have chance to do this barberic violence ever in future to anyone, anywhere!!! Islam is burden to planet!!!
I pray the people in Gaza leave! These terrorist are evil and barbaric, using there own people as human shields! I pray for the peace of Israel!!
UN have no use in GAZA! They cannot even stop warehouses and home base of HAM-AZZ!
F*ck Hamas terrorists
Prehaps they will go in tomorrow; Saturday,  around the same time the attack happened last week.....🤔
All this is just to sell weapons and make money killing people for profit!
A day of rage is disgusting. Supporting all my Jewish friends. My wee candle is burning as I message. Israel you are in my thoughts 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
The American Democrat Party will bring them all to America and give them welfare!  Hooray!  That definitely won’t cause inflation and crime.  Hooray!
We Indians applaud with standing ovation the bold decision by PM Benjamin Netanyahu asking UN officials to vacate the place where isreal will attack fiercely to avenge the wrong move by Hamams.Wish & pray isreal succeed in there action with thumbing success.
Gaza has an artificially "manufactured" population that no one seems to talk about. For ten years  the Pallies mandated that ALL of their women have nine kids per. Now they have "reduced" the demand to six kids per. Pretty disgusting.
Fake terrorist news you are the one who is terrorists.
What a pogram!
A murderus Regime at work!
Those people should have been moving out days ago. They are staying on purpose? There is no difference between the people of Gaza and Hamas less the children who are victims of their own people to be used to resemble humans.
Hammas and all terrorist ate not Palestinians . They used Palestinians and brain washed all the young people to join them . Big evil.n
Israel 🇮🇱 has 🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀
Good.  Raze it and salt the fucking earth.
The United States has 320 million citizens. A small fraction of New Yorkers does not represent America. The majority of us support Israel.
As the revelation 3-9ers are kicking the shit out of huemans they cry,  " help police"
Shalom. This is not a battle of flesh and blood, but of principalities and powers. May God bless His nation, Israel. ❤
Hamas will be hiding under ground and telling the locals to stay so they use them as shield.
India love Israel people
Gazan should ALL Exodus/ Exit to EGYPT!  To prevent casualties! By  Tuesday  10/17/2023 GAZA is empty & be a Flat Lands !
why did the Palestinian people, Hamas allow it, as a consequence ...
If their in gaza there are no innocent. They perpetrated these monsters. Housed and fed these monsters. Birthed and raised them to ve killers. Erase All of Palestine
Hatred simmers then acts in secret , they must eradicate this , they must , God told them when they didn't eradicate their neighbor's that it would always come to this . this .
Retake the whole strip and level it. Be done with it once and for all.  Sadly, that's the consequence that must be paid.
💙💙🙏🙏🇮🇱🇮🇱
UN instead of talking human rights get Gaza people out now
Zionist war pigs
Abass is the biggest denier of Hammas' atrocities. Following him are the Arab countries' leaders. The call of these pro activists for Gaza, calling to commit to jihad, are not reasonable and human responses. What religion calls for murder? They are a cult of terrorists.
Isreal will send them to Hitler and Muhammad in hell!!
Just take out the UN. Israel would be doing the world a favor.
HAMAS AND EVERY SINGLE PALESTINIANS ARE SEVERLY MENTALLY RETARDED! NO ONE WANT TO TAKE THEM IN. THEY ARE HATED ALL OVER THE WORLD!!!
Let's get your facts correct. Hamas are killing its citizens fool. Our are you unconcious to evil.
The Arabs will pay. Let them just wait. It coming
GENOCIDE
Israel = terrorists
I have Jewish blood line from my dad … I’m deeply affected by all of this … I definitively stand for Israel ❤🇮🇱 and I pray for the peace of Jerusalem 🙏🙏 The Almighty will protect his people !
When Ukraine used its own people as human shields killed its own people who did not want to fight forced soldiers and shoot them if they retreat the world said nothing no one said or criticise anything they kept backing sending weapons munitions unprecedented support economic military and yet on other regions in Africa were overlooked they dismissed them they support coups regimes changes for their own benefit and that is the the west double standards...
You mean 1M Hammas need to be relocated. No thanks. Keep that element of humanity for yourselves. No one wants to have terrorists in their town. Frankly, enough relocations have been made to the U.S. already.
The world is at risk of being Palestinians.   A.H. warned us.
By the way, Israel will win to the shame and disgrace of BBC and other terrorist supporters.
I am muslim and I like jewish people , we never had any problem with jewish community before 1948 , I really feel sorry for innocent victims from both side , but can we seize all military activities till we get all those captured by hamas
Greater Israel project fully underway.
When children can't play together you separate them this is what needs to happen Palestine needs to move to Egypt Jordan or Iran or something problem solved I know they don't want to move but it is what it is it's the only solution is to separate because clearly people our act worse then children
We love Israel, Gods chosen people, amen.
If UN doesn’t evacuate them, then CRUSH them Israel. It doesn’t matter what UN says. Israel is winning this war.
Astargfirullah
Every name that is named and every thing that hath breath take a knee to the Name & Blood of Jesus Christ in every dimension of ALL of Creation from everlasting to everlasting for the earth is the LORD'S and the fullness thereof
How dare Israel tell the UN what to do !!  Well they do own them I suppose.
Israel is allowed to show Homas why you don't attack a sleeping giant
We are watching genocide 😢
Land is not a people.  Epstein is chillin at tel a viv
24 hours is not enough,shame Israel,you are doing what exactly N did to you,shame!
I don't know why all leftists in the world most of the time support terrorism not all but most of it. My prayers for the fallen ones in Israel civilians 4 days attack, as well for the fallen civilians from Palestine, I hate terrorism they're causing hate like a never-ending war.
Hungary and PM Viktor Orban also disallowed any pro pal. Protest in Hungary❤Thank G-D!😃😊🥇🏆🎉🎊✡️🇮🇱❤️🙏🏻💪🏻🛠🌎
There has been a HUMANITARIAN TRAGEDY or GENOCIDE in GAZA by the Occupying Army of the ZIONIST STATE OF ISRAEL, the UN must deploy a Humanitarian and Security Restoration Team in PALESTINE
In the Holy Scriptures... The Lord says, "Arrogance comes before a fall."  Just because The Lord " blesses" a nation/people does not give them the right to oppress others. In fact, the requirement is to do more for others. Humanity will always cry out when they are being oppressed and say enough! The blood of the Palestinian People are on the hands of all the other nations that have stood idly by and have done nothing to stop it! Everyone deserves their own "god-given" land. To every leader in power everywhere... Dr. Marine Luther King once said," Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend". If you are incapable of seeing past a person's ethnicity to love them, you are not fit to lead.
There has been a HUMANITARIAN TRAGEDY or GENOCIDE in GAZA by the Occupying Army of the ZIONIST STATE OF ISRAEL, the UN must deploy a Humanitarian and Security Restoration Team in PALESTINE
I stand for Israel. God bless all of Israel and the victims of this inhuman depravity of horror directed by the animals Hamas and Iran.
👍🏼
War Crime! No one cares what Israel does. I stand with Palestine
Is allah still akbar? Or fuckbar?
Oh yes, the UN having at least 22 dictatorship states members, with Russia having veto power....UN has become a joke!
To kill sa5an kill khomeini and iranians
Why did Hamas asked Israel to remove your innocent babies or civilians
am yisrael chai  🇮🇱
Jews just want a state of their own. Arabs have 23 other Arab states they can move to throughout the world. Jews just wanted this one sliver of land to call their own and some don’t even want them to have that. The Palestinians could have moved to Jordan, Egypt, or even Saudi Arabia. The Arab world is huge.
evacuate or you agree to be a Hamas human shield. Your call...
I pray for the safety of both side's civilians! I pray against the evil from organizations that promote savage seaths to peaceful civilians on both sides. Hamas caused the start of this war. Invaded Israel and killed children women elderly and man and women that were just living their lives. All for what! Now the awaken more destruction which is what Evil needs to feed itself. May Godhold everyone who is accountable for evil! Israel has no other choice but defend itself.
Fake Jews
UN who?
500 kids out of 1500 killed. 24 hours with no food and no fuel. No electricity so night wont count.1.2 million people. That is madness to ask foe something like that. They dont have anywhere to go Gaza is a small strip of land.
Israel murdering innocent people and no one says anything. They will get their payback
It is not isis ideology. It is a teaching in islam. These muslims were ordered by allah and muhammad to kill jews.
It take two to tango I’m wondering if the government israelís are so inocente
Thanks for the update on the Gaza attacks. My prayers are with all in Gaza and with Israel at this difficult time. Keep up the good work at I24.
Every name that is named and every thing that hath breath take a knee to the Name & Blood of Jesus Christ in every dimension of ALL of Creation from everlasting to everlasting for the earth is the LORD'S and the fullness thereof
God save the Palestinians from the psychopathic Zionist terrorist oppression.
HAMAS TERORISTS ARE ONLY GOOD AT FIGHTING CIVILIANS...WTF...AND PALESTINIANS CALL THEM HEROES...WHAT A SHAME😂😂😂😂😂😂
Turkey should be immediately removed from the UN. Israel will stand strong in the battle of Good vs. Evil. Christians across the globe remain united in steadfast fervent prayer. 🙏
Residence sre also terrorist they become civilians when the time they are not are but there are time they arms them self and f8ght8ng Israel
The UN Should not be in the north Gaza Strip or anywhere in the Gaza Strip  anyways
I'm not a jew but stand with them! Prayers to all Isreal! Make them pay! Make it like a parking lot. EMPTY!!!  DOWN WITH HAMAS! IRAN and any other terrorists group. US STANDS WITH ISRAEL!!!
Hamas asking for a day of rage…. See what is going on in France. Where pro Palestinian protest, there is chaos, intolerance and violence.
Those Hamas fighters are cowards and will try to blend in with the civilians when they are evacuated.
Good to see that the french government has balls, here in Australia we have a spineless coward running the country.
If you didnt want a terrorist group to take over Palestine then you shouldnt have destabled Palestine
Hammus You  Will be no more!!!!!!!
Wait just a minute! Do not put hate in the western world because of a few loud voices! Arabs are everywhere in every country. You are listening to them and let me tell you, worldwide, the Majority LOVE and stand behind Israel! How dare you condemn all of hatred just because of a few! Australia loves Israel, I’ve seen the comments from around the globe! Don’t put us all in one basket! Take back your slanderous words! I am an American and will always be for and love Israel! 🇺🇸🇮🇱🙏
God Bless Israel 🇮🇱 even more 🙏✝️👍
Anyone who  takes revenge on civilians is a monster. Isreal is purposely killing civilians. As did hamas.
Why are people mad because Israel is fighting Back???? They should Have never Messed with GODD People!!!! Leave Israel Alone!!!!
True, these organizations condemn Israel. Even the UN after Abass appealed to the UN Leaders for help. The UN condemns but do nothing. None of these Arab countries want to take in Gaza refugees. So Palestine -- where now are your Arab friends and other supporters??
All these rallies around world prooving that being a muslim must support terrorist with protest or keep quite and give silent support but never ever criticise any crime by them
Let me first say that I can understand where both sides are coming from. Unfortunately I don't know if any solution other than this constant tit for tat violence will never do anything but escalate the problem and nothing will change. I suppose if someone needs to be blamed for this it would be Hitlers idiotic hatred for Jewish people and the UK's disregard for the Palestine.
Thank you for calling Hamas terrorists, because that's what they are. Palestinian people are being used manipulated and infiltrated by terrorists from Iran. These criminals haven't cared for the Palestinian people since the beginning, even the drinking water infrastructure of Gaza has been dug out by outsiders from Hamas to be used as cannons to keep attacking Israel, leaving the Palestinian civilians without drinking water in different places in Gaza. This is the most antisemitic hate towards Jewish people since the holocaust. Advanced by all liberalism mentality and communist governments including Islamic countries around the world.  My heart goes to the victims in Israel and all the innocent Palestinian civilians who have been lied to and used by Hamas to perpetuate this unjustified and antisemitic war.
I admire the corridor of safety one note to the UN please don’t bungle this up and use this compassionate act to allow the terrorists to get out because they will rise again and cause mayhem again in the future.
Psychopaths are like mad dogs, they all want to have a go at being top dog, and this gives their groups hive queen bee mentalities , , it's why many don't get on with eachother,  they have mostly underlings,not real men ,are the same as women following the man in charge,
Turkey needs to be removed from NATO
Love is Color Blind!!! Israel is The City Of God. JESUS is Lord over ISRAEL!!!!
What will happen to the human species.  We will destroy ourselfs..  We dont learn from out past..   Religion, greed and power..   we are stupid.. so ffin stupid..
WE NEED TO THROW OUT THE UNITED NATIONS PERIOD … MOVE IT TO GAZA IMMEDIATELY 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Yall ain't fooling me this whas an inside  job😮!🤫🤫🤫 You want to tell me that the best security army/secret service  did not see this attack comming?🤔😂🤣  Wat about the billion dolar fence ? No alarm triggered the hole army? They even attacked a military base🤦🏻 nobody there ?
Clearly Israel is going to flatten northern Gaza turning it into a dead zone. Civilians will be bombed by Israel or shot by Hamas whether they stay or leave. The network of tunnels will be reserved for Hamas fighters as civilians are wiped out.  I keep waiting to hear journalists ask Palestinian civilians how much blame for their current trauma they lay at the door of Hamas, but so far none of our media has asked that obvious question. When Hamas launched their bloody raid on Israel, they knew there would be terrible retribution. Only a fool would expect anything else. Yet gangs of young muslims all over Gaza and the West bank and cities in the Western world danced and celebrated. They talked of being proud, of the Hamas killers being heroes.  A quote from an ancient Greek play drifted into my mind...“Whom the gods would destroy, they first deprive of reason.''  And sure enough that destruction is now upon them.
it a payday... when you maintain evil, you will got hell, scream and cry is no longer use.
Get more 'peackeepers' in there for the operation?
Prayers for Israel,,, from Philippines
Revelation coming to fruition before our eyes
I live in the West and we will ask our leaders to send those protestors back to their country.  Seems to me they will be happier back where they came from !
It doesnt matter what Israel does The Communists in the U.N. & the world media will always denounce those that want freedom.  This fight has been building for a long time. We saw a glimpse a few years ago & did not extinguish that vile vermin.  Unfortunately the whole world has to experience this filth in order to wake up.  Glad I dont have any kids.
It will be easier for the UN to accept all of the Hamas people from Gaza in unconditional surrender and to vacate Gaza.
"HAMAS IS THE DESTROYER OF GAZA."
When they killed, raped, beheading innocent children and hacking off the head of a dead body while calling out allah akbar; did they know there would be a retaliation.  How about the more than thirteen hundred people who were slaughtered.  Barbaric religious zealots trying to me it a war of religion. For every action you  made, expect the reaction.  Stop being delusional.
Prayers for Israel,,,from Philippines 😢😢😢😢
Smash hamas ,free Israel 🇮🇱
Mass murder and Ethnic  cleansing at its best..Never in history has something like this been allowed to happen..Its extremely unlikely that this will make any one safer..
Where is HAMAS now??? 🤣🤣 hiding in MAMAS dress.... SATAN AKHBAR!!!! SATAN AKHBAR!!! 😂😂😂😂
Hamas initiated this war! They love to kill!
The non infidels countries should take the Palestine people, although the Oic views the Palestine people as equal to dogs or scums  the Oic should take the Gazans, at least for the sake of the little children, why let the Palestine children suffer,
UN IS THE PROBLEM they have no legitimacy anymore. They follow GLOBALIST LIBERAL ANTI GOD RETIRIC. Where are they when Millions died in Ruanda. Isreal wont listen to them neither most NIRMAL PEOPLE. Like UN NATO they USELESS.
Canada has the most terrorists groups in the world
It was a False Flag, according to Mossad intelligence.informant.
Why didn't the United nation  speak out against Hamas ?  Hamas love  to used civilian as  shields  they messed with the wrong guy
Can you see the evil Hamas has brought upon innocent Palestinians
God Bless Israel 🇮🇱
Israeli ablesed country of our Lord  Jesus Christ  we stand with you Israeli
Arm the Israeli citizens, so they can protect them selves,
CLEAN HAMAS OUT!
Interesting how media fed people are. Sure Hamas are terrible terrorists but so are the Israelis They have been killing Palestinians slowly for 70 years! I feel  sympathy for those isrealis who are held hostage. However, this lady Mary are the reason why this situation is happening and most people won't see it.
God is with Israel 🇮🇱 and so are many praying born again Christians.✝️
IMPOSTER JEWS DONT BELONG IN THAT LAND AT ALL... YOU'VE STOLEN THE IDENTITY OF THE TRUE HEBREW ISRAELITE... YOU ARE THE SYNAGOGUE OF SATAN...THE TRUE ISRAELITES ARE CURRENTLY SCATTERED AROUND THE GLOBE... YOU USURPERS WILL HAVE TO GIVE THIS LAND TO ITS RIGHTFUL OWNERS. YOU'VE STOLEN THIS LAND... ARABS AND EUROPEANS ARE FIGHTING OVER THE LAND THAT GOD PROMISED TO HIS CHOSEN... AND CLEARLY NIETHER OF YOU ARE WORTHY... BAD TIMES AWAITS YOU BOTH... GOD'S WRATH IS SWIFT AND DEFINITE... IAMWEAPON
Day of pro-Hamas rage? Start the deportations.
So sad nobody is buying the narrative and lady is angry because everybody doesn't defend her and believe the narrative.
The world will turn on Israel if they kill more civilians. Only US and UK can get away with it...
The Jewish people and govt of Israel are not the same.
if this is how religious people behave on both sides i want to burn in hell
Those who support the Islamic jihadist, is actually blind and naive. After the Jews if they succeed then you are next..   If you don't learn from history you will suffer..
The trumpers are so happy.. finally a holiday named for them.  Rage day.
The govt of  Israel  knew and let it happen now they have excuse to go after the "terrorists"
Israel plan is destroy the land that they will then take over, palestinians will never be able to come back. Free state according to Israel is hopefully not an open air prison. Hamas needs to go and so does netanyahu, he did a disfavor to the people of Israel. I am genuinely praying for all that a solution can be found.
Zionis-Israel
Our border like Israel has them coming in already there are THOUSANDS ANDBTHOUSANDS OF TALINAN IN THE COUNTRY THAT CAME BY AIR WE'VE LOST ALREADY ABOUT CLOSE TO A MILLION DEAD NOBODY HAS MATCHED THISE NUBERS IN THE WORLD PLEASE REPORT ON IT ISRAEL SHOW DUE DILIGENCE LIKE YOU WANT
People are tired of the BS everyone knows how Israel treats people now they all have an excuse to steal oil money from Iran.
The EU and UN are the trouble for the whole world.  Stand with Israel today.
If there is a true and just God, I ask to be with the Palestine People. Be with the people who don’t have a voice to tell their story.
MORE AMERICANS ARE DYING FROM INVASION DUE TO BIDEN THAN UGRAINIANS ARE DUE TO PUTIN WHILE OUR MILITARY IS IN DERELICT OF DUTY IN AN ILLEGAL WAR WITH THE DEMOCRAPS RINOS AND OUR STOLEN TREASURY AND NOW WORRIED THAT THEY CANT COVER UP THEIR CRIMES THE UGRAINIAN DIPLOMAT SILENCED BY FRAUD SANCTION AND MITT ROMNEY TRAITOR THATS WHY HES RUNNING AWAY HES GOING TO GET PROSECUTED TOO HE VOTED AGINST THE SEPINA SO HE CANT RETURN TO CONGRESS TO TESTIFY ABOUT WHAT THEYVE DONE AND THE EVIDENCE SO GREAT EXPOSING THE EXTRA THOUSANDS OF UGRAINIANS THE SECRETLY HAD DIE FOR " POLITICAL EFFECT " BODIES ALREADY DROPPING THE CHEF IS NOW A FLOATER HAD A TELL ALL BOOK BUT HE DIDNT MOVE OUT AND SOMEONE MUST'VE FOUND A THUMB DRIVE WHILE HE WAS GONE BUT I CANT BELIEVE HOW MANY PEOPLE BECAUSE OF MEDIA CRIMINAL CULPIBILITY HAVEN'T HEARD ABOU T WHAT THEY DID .
Yes ! Indeed it is not going to be easy as this time!  End hamus for good is must be the goal!  Peace to innocent people!
Here are the instructions to Gaza’s:  Walk SOUTH !
🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱❤🙏
We stand with Israel. Praying for your divine protection and shalom peace over Israel and all Jews across the world 🙏
Why do they continually attack Israel?
I fully agree with both guests on your news show tonight. Victory will ultimately be for Israel. Strength and support from an Australian veteran.
Too bad that 10 years ago, when scholars were trying to tell you what the ideology, and the violence purported towards infidels, and hatred for Jews and Christians was true. An ideology of hearts and minds, and fought with them, calling them bigots for having....every natural rational feeling towards this hate.  Thank you David Wood, Robert Spencer, Brigitte, etc etc...sorry that we didn't heed the warning about the religion of peace😢😢😢😢..now how many will die.....We'll have to watch our kids from College brainwashed supporting barbarity !!!😢😢
How are the Israelis on a high moral ground when they have illegally occupied gaza and the west bank for decades.
All my respect to France for banning any demonstrations in support of Hamas depravity and celebrating militant  rage to massacre and mutilate unarmed civilians and to completely annihilate Jewish people around the world, all while waving the Palestinian flag in feverish call for all Palestinians to join in the slaughter in all countries. I have never liked Macron .  UNTIL TODAY. ALL MY RESPECT TO MACRON AND TO FRANCE. In the US Biden keeps our border wide open, letting terrorist and drug cartels arrive undetected in my land. Macron does the right thing here.  Biden is a traitor to Americans personal security.  He has known that for years now. But only gets worse. I salute 🇫🇷 🇫🇷 🇫🇷 🇫🇷 🇫🇷 🇫🇷 🇫🇷  Vive la France
As an Italian from the West USA we love you and are praying for you all God will bless the Jewish people
Why doesn’t Egypt take them in? Tells you a lot.
I just do not understand how this happened when Israel has one of the most technological advanced country and highly trained military personnel. Makes no sense. We have protesters  here in America and with our borders being open we know terrorist are here too. We have people in our government that hate Isreal Americans. College kids backing Hamas. Horrible around the entire world this hatred of Jews. Prayers for all the innocent civilians.
I mean calling for jihad globally on Friday the 13th definitely does not help their cause at all. That will just make everyone against Palestine or Hamas even more. You can’t sit there and act like a victim and complain they are bombing the cities while doing what they did and still call for a world wide day of jihad.
Germany is a terrorist aide with their NGO's and their proxys, the infiltrated muslims. Jews in Germany are under siege, there is no support for jews from the staat.
Is UN a stooge for Israel ? Or maybe UN a errand boy & puppet of Israel.
Israel should deport Gazans back to Arabia
Contrary to what anyone might think or say, Nigeria 🇳🇬 strongly stand with Israel 🇮🇱
War crimes and crimes against humanity
WHO CARES WHAT THEY SAY ........PM BENJAMINE KEEP GOING UNTIL THE GAZA STRIP IS OBLITERATED.
Ham ass is a disgusting group of terrorists.  They hide behind women and children and doesn't give a shite about them living or dying.  They just utilise the deaths of the women and children as recruitment aids.  For me the people of the area should evacuate and leave ham ass to fight alone, and pay for the atrocities they commited.
What a fake  news
End times.  .. its all biblical.!!  Israel repent of your sin give ypor life to the lord jesus Ask  God for help This is not the first time  time Worst times are coming .. °
Fake news
you have been warned. if you stay you are a supporter and will be destroyed.
Yup, true. Give the UN the responsibility of relocating Gaza palestinians. That's the right thing to do.
The protests in Western nations in support of the brutal onslaught on peaceful civilians in Israel just announced clearly how Muslims are more loyal to the teachings of their Quran than any nation that has helped them immensely. Muslims will always react with joy at the slaughter of Jews and Christians (Quran Sura 9:29). These protesters are not happy because people are massacred, and people are massacred every day but when Muslims do this to Jews or Christians you see the joy in their reaction.
"Non-Violence", just kicking off the shoes and taken the beaten is working for "Gods Chosen People the same as he did for Black Americans during the Civil Rights Era when they were being nailed to the cross and bombing in  their sanctuary and were advice by others to bow and submitted and take the ass whipping "Vengeance Is Mine Saith The Lord" "But, Oh Thy Blessed Father Does Not Thy See Your Favored Children On The War Path With Vengeance in their hearts, Soul and Minds exacerbated towards the innocent women, children, and men of Palestine,  Where Art Thou oh Julius Ceasar, have you come again with others to nail me to the cross?"🙄🙄🙄🙄
What is the un doing to arrest these Hamas war criminals?   Un should condemn hamas for intentionally trying to kill their own people by lying about the evacuation order.
Now we understand why Adlof Hitler made that decession.... Perhaps he was absolutely right....
#i24NEWS_EN Human Rights Watch just confirmed Israel used White Phosphorus Bombs on Gaza civilians. Now what?
Israeli government has turned into a terrorist regine seeking revenge, and civilian Palestine's lifes. Everybody pushes us to focus on the attach of Hamas, and the lost of Israelis soldiers and civilians, but no journalist talks about the genocidial attitude of Israel's armed forced killing palestinian civilians. Israel war machine is killing much more people than Hamas did. No journalust goes into Gaza because they fear for their life's in fact they know that if they get into Gaza they could be killed by Israel's bombing. And that is the key, every body knows Israel is committing war crimes and they are happy with that.
Before this war, PM Netanyahu is calling for peace but this is Hamas want. So they cannot blame Israel.
🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱👍👍👍👍👍🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸👎👎👎👎👎👎
God bless Israel 🇮🇱 and God will protect the Israelis troops
We live in an Ugly World. If people would research for truth History that has been hidden from all populations, you would know who's who, and who has done Never-ending atrocities to others. Then you could make better decisions, with truth and clarity. You would see the "Evil doers" and all their Evil plans. Research, and find out who causes all the pain and misery for 1000s of years. May God Bless his ENTIRE CREATION that is Continually being Destroyed and murdered right before your eyes. I am Praying for you Palestine and your losses, even though I don't know you.❤❤❤🙏
Gaza City will become the Worlds Largest Parking Lot
Hey united nation from America 🖕you all
Israel take care of the HAMAS INFILTRATORS POSING AS CIVILIANS THEY WILL BLOW ISRAEL AS FOR SUICIDE  BOMBER STRATEGY WHEN THEY ENTER THE Israel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDYwbqCKKLU
NATO and the UN are useless.
What a strange accent this bird has, she is like she is a yankee wannabee.
JEWISH people say rhey are JeWs BuT Are EASU... NEGROS Are Jacob's..We WAiT in God😊
well i will tell ya one thing no TRUE American is supporting the day of rage hamas! America is and always will be a friend and ally to Israel. God is with Israel and her people. He will give the victory and protect the Jewish people.  in the old testament you read over and over again when peoples tried to get rid of the Jews, but God would not let it happen then and it wont happen now.Pray for the protection of Israel, that the conflict would end soon  and that civilians on both sides would be safe
God gave Abraham this land for his and his wife Sarah children for thousands of generations that is the Juish people from the Jordan line unto the Egypt country line unto the sea all that land belongs to the Juish people they were attacked it was plann3d for a year they found all kunds of mapss trained by Iran this is Ices all of the people were marching in the shreets with there children teaching them to kill the jew God will judge the evil that's brought against the apple of his eye read rhe Bible God bless the judish people and the little people who Don't understand what is happening to there world.
ISRAEL 🇮🇱  ISRAEL 🇮🇱 ❤ DFI ... MY SUPPORT IS TO ISRAEL 🇮🇱 💯 AND CONDEMNED THE BRUTALITY OF TERRISM HAMAS .
That is how it is done.   The UN is a compromised organisation that without US support would fold like a piece of tissue paper. What I fail to understand is Israel wiped out Egypt Syria Jordan in 6 days, Israel smashed Lebanon repeatedly, Israel won wars against sovereign states, just what did Hamas think was going to happen when they launched hundreds if not thousands of random rockets into Israel? I am not getting what is really behind this seeming madness. If the US was supplying munitions troops and other materials I would say yes The US Military Industrial Complex has its war, but no US is staying out of the war. Something does not make sense.  I am guessing they are trying provoke Iran but Iran is Shia they are happy to see Sunni Palestine crushed. So I just do not get it.  What did Hamas think they would gain.  UN support is a paper tiger.. That leaves Qatar and Saudi Arabia, both Sunni,  did Hamas think Qatar and Saudi Arabia would attack Israel? Now that would be an interesting war , short sweet and say your prayers, the Apocalypse unleashed.
Biden you have terrorist in your country 😮 you let them in your open borders and they are protesting in your city. Biden they own you. They will attack the people you are not protecting. Please don’t let them have freedom in your country. Terrorist threats are in every state of your country. Republicans/Democrats they will kill Americans because they don’t know peace. Biden this is all on YOU!!!!
Israel must fight, this is a fight they cannot run away from, or shy away from. It is a fight to live, a fight to survive, and a fight for a right to exist.
Now they kicking the Palestinian people out of their land again, where are 2 million people going to go? Deal with and take down Hamas and stop hurting those innocent Palestinian mothers & children. They now have lost their homes, jobs and have no food and water. It is a crime against humanity to do that. It is a shame what happened in Israel by Hamas. Deal with Hamas and country leaders who are connected. Take them specifically down. Stop hurting innocent civilians and causing their genocide and demolishing their city. Netanyahu was warned and he did nothing, he failed to protect, deal with him too, he should be removed as the leader. He is a terrible. Sorry for lost lives in Israel!  Prayers for innocent families.
It’s disgusting how people in the west are behaving, if it happened to them, their children shot, beheaded, grandparents held captive, I wonder if they would feel quite so enamoured with Hamas. If they love hamas so much, send them back to live in Palestine, then let’s see how they feel, I bet they won’t be cheering them on so emboldened.  God is with his people, Hamas nor anyone else will succeed against God, Genesis 12v3 I will bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you.  Satan is doing his best to stop the return of Jesus, but he will not prevail. Jesus is going crush Satan and anyone who stands against his people.
UN PEACE KEEPERS ALSO SHOULD LEAVE 😂😂😂
Isreal is constantly being blamed by Europe  as this agressar in this war ,when they they are not talking about the agressar being Hamas,so killing all these citizens of Isreal means nothing to them.
@6:28 we are in the dirtiest ugliest war that has ever been.  How can you listen to anyone who confidently spews extreme nonsense?
This is the most prejudiced, biased news I have ever seen - it ie disgusting
If WW3 was ever to happen, it will be because Iran is actively engaged in supporting or fighting Israel. Iran has been left to dictate alot of world politics because of their nuclear development.
The land is The JEW...The NEGROS are the Deal JEWS...stolen History. Fod Will return the Lans To The. Eveo Tge eeal JeW. Jeaus Is Black
How many palistanin men women children killed in 70 years  you have not told ... Balford Declaration... Ist world war .  2nd world war .. Vietnam war. Afghanistan war.. Libya war. Syrian war .. do all these also caused by Hammas... ?????
GOD ALMIGHTY TOLD ABRAHAM THAT HE WOULD BLESS THOSE WHO BLESS ISRAEL AND CURSE THOSE WHO CURSE ISRAEL
At least people are save in another place; something good to hear.
Ethnic cleansing. Disgusting. Like this is even possible. I pray for the Palestinians.
Israel brought war upon itself.
Palestinians in Gaza have been ruked by an oppressor that contrils their electricity, water ,food ,money they need to evict that oppressor H.A.M.A.S.,their oporesor they about almost 75% of NORMAL Palestinians dont support them and want them out theyve stolen all elections since 2007 cycle & won in beginning with only like a small # about 12% i think Shapiro said because of the way support works or something in their system so WE need to hear Palestinians denouncing hardcore dont know if they are allowed to talk wigout those animals coming to their home and work and do violence to the citizens but what about their law enforcement all that is hostage the P. A. I guess thats about all I can see from a faraway perspective. You should ask yourself if u think you shouldn't support humanity would you have lived as a young person at the concert you went to if you were there? They slaughtered teens and young people just like you  You would be dead so why would you supoort? Ignorance from the democraps that have stolen our educational system and hijacked it with Michaels wife Barrack's perverted curriculum that was a bribe or extortion depends on which school districts took it and most did. Then we lost it  . Weve never had a civilian We the People president ever in over nobody can remember until Trump . By the way he found out about the Barrack Hillary and Joe Maidan blood order.
They are not civilians but they are Hamas turned into civilian clothes then they used the real civilians as their shields and protectors and supporters.. Evil are the most evil. They love and enjoyed human carnage,rapes,killings and beheadings that's what they are!!!!!!
I suggest they do it
How arrogant!
You should NEVER warn or tell your enemy of your battle plans!
Byebye hamas terrorists. God bless Israel🙏
UN and so called human rights  must shut thier fcking mouths, why UN ignored when terrorist building up weapons and jehadis all over world. Israel must go on as they plan to uproot hamas n all who are linked with horrific barbaric acts.
Vengeance is mine saith the Lord. The great abd terrible day of the Lord is at hand!
Vengeance is mine saith the Lord. The great abd terrible day of the Lord is at hand!
May god protect the civilians and the military in  Israel 🙏 ❤ May the brave reporter’s stay safe thank you for bringing the truth. The real 🇺🇸 people are 🙏 for y’all be safe 🙏😇🇺🇸
🆓🆓🇵🇸🆓🆓🇵🇸🆓🆓🇵🇸
God bless you Israel.  🙏♥️
That'll be right, i suppose you want the west to take then ?
IF youre talking about the country we had stolen from us now the UnUnited Socialists of America and want to assign blame for social ignorance and horrible stances you need look no further than the democrap voter who has strenghthened I.S. and H.A.M.A.S. that has enabled Obamas third term through peace haters like Joe Biden your most UNFREIND in the world.b But if ISRAEL is supporting King Charles than Israel is not going to have much sympathy either if youre continuing to work with USA and its unelected coup gov. AMERICA BLESS GOD, ISRAEL, AFRICA ,CHINA ,RUSSIA , UGRAINE, AND OUR CONSTITUTIONAL SAVIOR PRESIDENT IN FLORIDA AMEN
This American stands with Israel
Prayers for all the innocent being killed and their families in Isreal. Breaks my heart to see civilians who have nothing to do with this war.
Gazans voted for Hamas! Therefore Gazans are also guilty for crimes of Hamas!
When you warn the people to leave, you also warn Hamas to leave. Hopefully there’s caches of weapons and routes you can destroy.
This is nothing but ethnic cleansing and a landgrab by a vicious government of gangsters in suits in ApartheidIsrael
So with many Hamas soldiers and supporters escape.   War is ugly and inhumane.   This one is absolutely required.  You cant eradicate those whom you allow to escape.
#40Incubators 🤔
lol
U. N. Get the FUK out!!!!!!! You’ve been warned. The U.N. Is full of assholes that take blood money. No Mercy  Never Again ❤️🔯💪🏻
British Quaker in support of Israel 🇮🇱🕊🙏
All arabs countries together are large than 10 millions square kms...area enough to give to the palestians they own the territory ... end of conflict...
America is not what it used to be. The Christian’s are in support of Israel. We are angry at the protests. It’s unimaginable. Too many  illegals from the middle east in  Europe  and United States. The real Americans are in support of Israel. Praying. 🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷
No place to evacuate..Zionist has to attack civilians, and wait for the repercussion
Genesis 12: 1 “The LORD had said to Abram, “Go from your country, your people and your father’s household to the land I will show you. 2 “I will make you into a great nation, and I will bless you; I will make your name great, and you will be a blessing. 3 I will bless those who bless you,and whoever curses you I will curse; and all peoples on earth will be blessed through you.”
Hamas- On purpose killing sivilians, then running back and hiding behind sivilians. - cowards, and not with any god.
The UN had better get on the evacuation stick.  A people have been infested with terrorists and a fumigation operation is on going.
No one be the winner but losing.  Praying for everyone  Peace be with you all.
Bye bye Hamas
all of these unnecessary deaths are at the fault of the Israeli gov, along with the existence of Hamas in the first place.
Israel is committing WAR CRIMES. You are aware of that….. right?
There are already 13 news channels on YouTube channel who reported this news 🔍👨🏼‍💻😢😢🤒😔😔🙏
Not a problem.
Public opnions can be misguided
u.n. go get lost.
asking civilians evacuate northern gaza,of course hamas will evacuate first! 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yes! Relocate them!!!
Puttin for the European 😅
palestine never funded 3rd world migration to my european country. israel did though. maybe they need to increase their diversity and take the gaza refugees themselves. why are they asking the UN to take them?
I would have gone and camped on the beach front. Why stay in the city?
How in the Fuck did Benjamin netanyahu get back in office he was gone and now he's back can't you guys see he's a fucking criminal we will put him in hell he will not get away with nothing and so will we put all of them in America in hell also. 💀
Bless you Israel. Love form Australia and the Philippines
3 world war soon 🔜
Is not war for land is religion war
Kalau mau perang, ungsikan dulu masyarakat dan anak kecil setelah itu terserah mau makan satu sama lain terserah
Gaza is looking good
May Allah give more strength to the Palestinians to conquer all enemies
Israel always attacks its neighbors they attack Syria they attack Iran claiming they have the right to self-defense when no one has attacked them that is not self-defense when you attack someone first. 💀
Daesh has infiltrated Hamas. Allow them to continue to exist at your own peril.
So the illegal migrants are ordering the Native Palestinian to buzz off?? Lol Let forget all about International laws, right?  Can only imagine what those traitors who bred and raised all this Pro Zionists said about our European resistent groups who fought our Nazi occupier, jeez!! I understand why the political elite in US, Europe and Russia will do everything to avoid watching the Problem they dumped on the Palestinian come back and become OUR Problem again.  They would probably be desperat enough to offer citizenship to all muslim and christian citizen in South-Asia, rather than take back our former Problem. Just remember that we always reap what we sow, wether it takes minutes or several generations, we always reap what we sow
Gaza where palestinians were not allowed to enter.
Praying for Palestine
Israel and America doing war crimes. Know I knew why Hitler killed Jews.
the Palestinians did unto others, and now others are doing unto them. Fair Play
Impossible. Israel looks like they want wipe Gaza off the map
Well, as I said, Israel sought an excuse to remove the Palestinians out of that region. That is why they opened the boarders to Hamas and did not react on the warmings from Egypt. They think we are stupid??
Did Palestinian terrorists tell Israely 1 hours in advance that bomb and slaughtered Israely?
May God have mercy on the little children. In what twisted world was attacking and murdering unarmed families and beheading babies a good idea?  Palestinians made their beds when they climbed into it with Hamas.
Israel is bombing innocent civilians who they've imprisoned for decades, they can't even leave. Sick.
Palestinian arguments at this point all boil down to the same thing thing: That it's acceptable for Palestinians to kill all Israelis, and anyone else who opposes them ("because they are Jews", "the occupation", "they are all military", "they kill Palestinian babies", "they target civilians", "they are there", etc.) but not acceptable for Israelis or anyone else to kill them ("International law". "it's genocide", "war crime", "racism", "murder of civilians" etc, - all the things they gleefully claim to not apply to their killing of Israelis, but, going back to the previous point, it is acceptable for them to do these things because they are Palestinians).   This is their core belief. They use permutations of the same argument because they have no other.  This is in contradiction to the First Rule. You can't have "people" believing it's acceptable for them to do despicable things to others, while everyone must be nice to them. We can't exist with others on that premise.
These poor/low-income nations are always at war... It's kind of primitive in a way.
As as Iranian I am angry that these Shiite extremist Isis that have put my country under seige for over 40 years are supported and given funds by Obama and Biden to buy weapons to oppress and kill young Iranians wanting freedom and other innocent people such as Israeli people. Iranians love Jewish people and have lived together for thousands of years until this regime was  put in power by a US, British and French pact in the seventies.
Blinken is part of the problem, he did this with his regime! He is a disgusting kapo, this would never have happened without his help to Iran. He is responsible!
Hamas are under the tunnels
So terrorists should go with civilian and come back attack Israely later
❤❤❤❤❤🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱💪💪💪💪💪💪
In Genesis 12:3 God said:  I will bless those who bless you, And I will curse him who curses you; And in you all the families of the earth shall be blessed.
Israel has been put through hell, and hell - in return - is the only proportionate response. These are sad and perilous times, 2 Timothy 3. Jesus said unless the upcoming days are shortened, no flesh will be saved, Matthew 24:22. Much of mankind is bent on annihilation. Israel only wants to survive.
go israel phuck palestine phuck muhammad✡
go israel phuck palestine phuck muhammad✡
go israel phuck palestine phuck muhammad✡
Let's stop calling civilians as innocent.The whole world has seen them celebrate when jews of Israel were brutally butchered and raped .If they are not deemed innocent why shd those be who celebrated their agony.
go israel phuck palestine phuck muhammad✡
go israel phuck palestine phuck muhammad✡
go israel phuck palestine phuck muhammad✡
Shame on israel for their occupation of another country and their genocide tendency . This country always caused problems . Saying that hamas is terrorist is ok , but then you also need to say that ukraine is terrorist lol
Praying for Isreal! The God, who neither slumbers or sleeps, will  and is fighting for you! ❤️🇮🇱❤️
Shame on the world for supporting the apartheid state of Israel
Blinkin is a frightened little rabbit, totally unsuited for his position.
How can you win when you warn your enemy.
If the usa's president wasnt such a potato, he would join the fight against gaza and iran. If trump was president, this war would have been over in the 1st 48 hours. He would have moved 4 carrier groups and made nato join the fight to protect israel. A massive show of force
Jesus will be so ashamed of this .
It seems to be a move to separate Hamas from civilians for no civilian would want to remain in Gaza after such a statement except for those that want to fight and that can only be Hamas. Seems Israel is smart!
Great anchor, sensitive handling of the interviews. Indians support and stand by Israel
Good, because the UN is as good as the West’s enemy
Israel is a terrorist state.  As an American Christian, I stand with my Palestinian brothers and sisters.
The UN is next. Not fit for purpose. Nothing more than a terrorist state in its own right, supporting terrorism,  stripping rights.
UN another Terrorist Group insisting Gazan public to leave there own country,  Members UNO should leave, don't trust these perpetrators. Name sake Organization.
The UN is useless just clutching their pearls and virtue signaling, so no surprise there. The masks and the gloves have come off.  War is hell.
Views expressed are mostly from pro Israel group. Others are baffled by the crisis created.
Thats what Israel did in 1948...told the people to leave and they will be allowed back to their homes in a week's time ...those people are still in refugee camps 75 years later...still holding on to the keys to their homes . The fight is about people wanting their homes back, homes that the government of Israel transferred to a private held company called the  "Keren Kayemet"...thus ridding the government of the responsibility of abiding to International laws regarding the confiscation of private property and other laws regarding spoils of war, then redistributed these homes to who ever applied for housing...many Israelis live in these homes under long term rental contracts for a token rental of mere pittance. Perhaps Israel needs to be reminded that it abides by International laws when in persuit of reclaiming lost assets ...for example compensation for loss of property and business , confiscated works of art and jewelery ...or at times the compensation for loss of life ...and is still demanding this many decades after the holocaust, and getting it. Remember...there will come a day when the roles will be reversed and Israel will ultimately need to compensate losses...under the same laws it enjoys the protections of.
🇦🇱🇮🇱🇦🇱🇮🇱🇦🇱🇮🇱🇦🇱🇮🇱🇦🇱🇮🇱 Albanian Love Israel ❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️💙❤️ Albania should prepare his Army and send to help Israelis. Israel should not worry about international response because the world has gone mad. God bles Israelis.
FK THE U.N the U N is fill with money hungry hypocrites, all they care about is their own pockets. They don't live in Israel,  they never have, they live in huge luxury, they don't care about anything.  Look what the U.N troops did back years ago, they trafficked women, children from the nasty war in BOSNIA , so shut the fk up. Look at what the U.N hire a war criminal from Africa and why because China put this monster there to benefit the pigs and the rich Let's be honest here, the U.N IS WORSE THAN HAMAS, hezbolla , putin and all the antichrist around the world... they wrote the covid extermination for humanity.  They wrote how all humanity should be controlled and destroy. Agenda 2030, so really Israel,  you should do what's right and this need it to be done. Yes war is ugly, but this people and hamas ,hezbolla have been part of them for a long time. Protecting them. Gaza would have been a lot better without this terrorist. They are the parasites of society. The the Arab people in gaza could have had better chances in Saudi Arabia. They would have been better of where originally they fame from, but their stubborn because of hatred from a demon religion.  So I don't feel sorry for them except the children.  Because they been brought up to believe what's wrong and not right
let's see which arab country actually welcomes PERMANETLY  the Gazans
You know, for a report from a news organization that calls itself unbiased, this is one hell of an echo chamber.   Hamas committed horrible atrocities. This needs to be dealt with and stopped. No one deserves what happened to the innocent people who died with the brutal, horrific, and disgusting deeds done by Hamas militants.   But then, to come here and give Israel carte blanche to retaliate? Cutting off electricity, food, water, and humanitarian aid? Bombing civilian areas because it's believed (or even known) that Hamas is there too? Praising a 24-hour warning to move over a million people (nearly impossible in the best of conditions) after first hobbling their movement, injuring thousands, and leveling hundreds of thousands of people's homes? Really?    Does Hamas need to be dealt with? Yes.  Is it easier to bomb the sh*t out of the area? Yes.  Is the right thing harder and riskier than that? Also yes.  Should civilians be sacrificed because it's harder not to? No (though many commenters here seem to think it's their own fault, so f*ck 'em)  The lack of nuance in this ra-ra, blind support circle-jerk is... exhaustingly disappointing.   You want to prove you're not a bad faith follower? Try this:  Look even just slightly at the "Pro-Palestinian" footage that she's claiming is "Pro-Hamas". No Hamas praises or support anywhere. Condemning perceived (whether or not you agree) imprisonment and a perceived apartheid state is NOT condoning or glorifying the actions of Hamas. Try, just for a second, to think beyond your own preconceived notions.   Maybe this will fall on deaf ears. The comments I read previously leave little room for hope. I await your blind, belligerent, and frankly disappointingly unthoughtful responses. Please, for the love of intelligent discourse prove me wrong!
Shame on you the whole world watching
more and more i think, this retaliation based on a lie and misinformation is taking a realy strange turn, full out war on a country wanted by isreal for a long time, suss AF
The biggest mistake the Palestinian made was to refuse so many times to have their very own independent state. With an independent state they could form their own military forces to expel all the vermin ( Hamas, Isis ) that had infiltrated the west bank. Hamas might have been expelled permanently creating a friendly environment to live. Any Radical protestor in the free world should be rounded up quietly after their protests and flown to the centre of the Sahara Desert, left their as a collective group to ponder their mental health.
This is all Hamas fault..
Europe and USA only dsnt make a world community and you occupiers aree only trying to color Hamas in ISIs color
What a joke when the woman says that Israel has the high moral ground😂 Israel is an apartheid nation that has subjected Gaza to extreme violence over the year. Karma is justice. Netanyahu is nothing but a lying war criminal!!!
Our hearts and prayers are with you Israel.
Sounds like the world is fed up with it.
This is just like the CIA hit job on uvalde Texas you will obey
Anyone who supports Hamas is a terrorist themselves! God bless the Israelis...
Is it telling or openly threatening UN
Israel small country they were bully but now they are most powerful in the world god bless israel
Angels around Israel and God's precious people the Jews. YHWH loves all children and its heartbreaking to know innocent children are sacred and being killed when Israel must fight for the survival of herself.  If Israel doesn't fight with all her strength,  the enemies that surround her and have sworn to wipe Israel and the Jews off the world , they will think Israel is weak and they will indeed finish what Hitler started. This is Satan against YHWH  Almighty and YHWH WILL WIN!!
Nice propaganda..where the militants soo unwise to take isis material and literature with them.?
Hamas is of Satan and everyone is suffering from all those who don’t know God.  I pray for the innocent.   God bless all in the Name of Jesus Christ our Savior our Messiah Amen.  God bless all in the Name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit Amen
If the protest in another country like usa or Australia with Palestinian flags best is to put them on a plane & send them back where the came from.😂
Anyone who doesn't leave is either a hamas operative or supporter, the truly innocent had better start walking NOW!!!!!!!!!
Another ten yrs of terrorism
This day of rage is a good time to make a count and get photos for identification
why is this
I'm an Arab Muslim and tell you that I beside all people that I know dont subscribe to the brutal and barbaric acts committed against the civilians by Hamas. Does Israel have the right to protect  itself? Well yeah. Is the Israeli government responsible partially in what happened? Yeah , off course because they called Hamas as a terrorist organization and they have citizens living next door to this organization and still fails to protect Israeli civilians. They need to answer some questions as well. My prayers for all the civilians involved in that , Israelis and Palestinians. It is certainly a good step warning the civilians in Gaza before bombing the buildings but it still a humanitarian crisis on both sides.
If you fight Israel, you fight against God. No one win against God.
Christians praying for Zionists that call Mary a lying whore over the people they share more beliefs with. Y’all are dumb and have a guaranteed spot on hell with those Zionists Satanists
HAMMAS IS NO DIFFERENT TO THE KAFFIR  ANC IN SOUTH AFRICA< THE WORLD CELEBRATED THE KAFFIR TERRORIST NOW LOOK AT SOUTH AFIRCA
ON EARTH WE ALL KNOW THE RULES THOSE WHO HAVE THE MOST MONEY MAKE THE RULES FOLLOW THE MONEY AND FIND THE FOOLS RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY TERRORISM IT'S ALL CONTROLLED BY THE INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES OF THE EARTH
Israel are pure evil bombing gaza civilians 2 wrongs don't make a right
Hamas is a cult. Talking about civilians in Gaza is like talking about civilians in Jim Jones town.
Praying for and standing with ISRAEL from North Carolina 🇮🇱✝️👍
Israel needs to take a far more aggressive role with respect to Gaza.  Better to send notices to everyone to vacate within 48 hours through the Egyptian exit or expect all properties and underground fortified Hamas bunkers and rocket centers to be destroyed.  At this point, everyone can be considered a refugee and sent to either Iran or North Korea.
Hamas are baby raping satanic kaffirs
Get your guns out people and help fight for the cause of good.
Save the Jewish people ❤️❤️❤️ We love you ❤️❤️❤️
no evidences of Hamas brutality. just a hearsay and propaganda to justify the invasion.
Standing with ISRAEL all the way 🇮🇳✝️🇮🇱
Asians 🇮🇱 killing Asians 🇵🇸. Both monsters!!! Just sad.😔😢 I stand with the innocent civilians on both sides. They are the real victims! 😭
Where do they evacuate too?  Genuine question
You cannot negotiate with people that are trying to murder you!
People killing each other for a pie in the sky. Sad. Wake up people.
No day of rage this is all the evils of Satan.  Find God, his love and truth.  We are supposed to be children of God repent your sins for your soul to be far from Satan.  God bless all in the Name of Jesus Christ our Savior our Messiah Amen.  God bless all in the Name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit Amen
Prepare your anus Ala boo gidaadd.
Just watching people explode over and over in the background saying "Hamas loves civilian deaths". FK Hamas, but also come on.
Palestine mus leave Gaza an go to Iran .Israel wil not stop..
. When The Great Brittain won the battle against Turki , they released IsraEl and devided Yerusalaim like this —> the West  is For IsraEl , and the East is for Palestinians…. BUT , the Palestinians REFUSED.  Then IsraEl  took care of both , built buildings and infra-structures …. Then after seeing all is good , Palestinians wanted to own the East Yerusalaim as well , BUT is it already managed by IsraEl .  United States of America , Trump the President , tried to help by offering big amount of money to build Pakestinian Country on the East of Yerusalaim ….. BUT the Palestinians REFUSED .  They dont want to Build their own Country … They only want to undermine the works resulted by IsraEl .  The Country Management Is settled , Local Authorities are settled already by IsraEl .  The Palestinians dont have any good Statesman to Start Building their Country …..  They only have Terorist Leaders to Lead them ……  Up to Now , the Real Palestina Country never realy exists , although there are Palestinian Terorists appear to be anywhere ….. creating chaos everywhere …., Being paid to do so  ??? Seems to be bigger club of  Mercenaries …… ???  This condition is favourable for Russia & Iran to get someone to war for the benefits of Russia and Iran .  The Democratic Countries are danger to the existancy of  Communist Countries …. Russia & China say they are no longer Communist , they already become Socialists , BUT the Communist System is still alive there .  The people in Communist Country want to change the Country into Democratic System , and it means Putin & Xi Jin Ping & Kim Yong Un WILL LOST THEIR  THRONE .  That’s why they fight hard the strong Democratic Countries to be no longer exist ….  BUT , obviously , The communists system of Russia , China , and North Korea do not bring the People into the happy life  ….. their faces looks desperate …. SO AS the Oligarkh Kingdom of IRAN. …. The People looks depressed , and ONLY THOSE IN THE FIRST INNER CYCLE OF THE GOVERNMENT LOOKS HAPPY AND WEALTHY …,, BUT THE PEOPLE SUFFERS SO MUCH .
Is spreading misinformation and supporting Zionist terrorism your specialty?
🙏❤️..peace be to israel
I can’t tell you how much I like Israel’s plan. It is compassionate to the people of Gaza & it is death to Hamas. God bless Israel & its people.
Miriam is awesome and on point!
Crazy opinions, free the palistinians, break their jail fences. Israel is running an appartheid state
Israel should make gaza a hell so the gazans leave.  Its to  risky for israel to have  such evil neighbours. Than israel can repopulate gaza with their own people and it will become properous and green and a contributor to the world instead of what it has been a bludger
It is Israel a long time planning to get rid of Palestinians from Gaza and other occupied land. This conflicts have been dragged long long time...both Israelis and Palestinian are not friendly to each others. Hatred brings wars...and wars bring loss to all parties.  Cannot blame one side...both sides should be blame and condemned.
That lady is unreasonable about Queen Reina of Jordan. Jordan is a Palestinian county. Naturally she will not speak bad about her subjects.
FILIPINOS 🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭 SUPPORT ISRAEL!! 🇬🇷🇬🇷🇬🇷  GO, ISRAEL! YOU HAVE A WAR TO WIN! 💪💪💪
Please don't send them to England we've imported thousands of these savages
Praying for Israel.
Hamas and the Palestine people wanted this. You reap what you sow.
Israelis are terrorists
the "War on Terror" was supposed to be about protecting Israel, but the United States lost the war. Everything that followed was a consequence of the US being defeated. Under Obama, the Americans conceded that they are going to live a world where Americans and Israelis can be kidnapped, humiliated and murdered as a result of their policies in the Middle East and can't do anything about it because they could not win. The West has absolutely no strategy against the "terror threat" and simply pretended it didn't exist and decided Russia and China are the problem
israel should after it eradicates hamas BUILD 1,000 NEW "settlements" in the memory of those who were so brutally and horrifically tortured and killed by the worst kind of monsters to walk the face of the earth
Pia Steckelbach is a beautful woman!
Hamas and Iran are completely responsible for:   1. The  Palestinian children that are killed or injuredbecause of this attack 2. The Jewish children that are killed  because of this attack  3. The Muslim adults killed because of this attack 4 The Jewish adults killed because of the attack 5 The Americans and visitors from other countries who were killed  5. All destruction that takes place in Gaza as Israel  has to further be defended because of the attack.  6.  All the negative thoughts toward  Islam developed because of the attack.  After the end of the British Mandate for Palestine the Jewish people have endured a never ending attack from all sides and yet  have been  blamed for having to take such a hard stance. In their stance they are blameless.   When you see the hopelessness of this situation remember that it was Islamic terrorist that caused it.
Pia ❤
How to evacuate 1,000,000 in 24 hours?  This is doomsday even for UN.
Israel are blessed people  They will win
Hamas dont hide if you're brave face your enemy...Hamas is the worst people in the earth..don't hide with the civilians..
🇵🇸 mnnkhhghb👎🏿👀
France is ready to redeem their forefathers from ww2 😅 to not allow pro palstaine protest 👏👏 well done. Iran wants ww3. Russian even though they were eating happy meals a while ago also hate USA. Its ridiculous to think we empower countries that hate USA like china. They give the world 😢🌏🌎🌍 COVID-19. Usa gave the world cars 😎ford not the best now still they were first 🥇 PIONEERS NOT TERRORIST 😈👹
If you warn them then they all escape
Israel will  always prevail. They devil may try to  finish them by using satanic people like Hamas  the more they will win. They are God choosen and he will ever fight 4 them.
Bombing on Ghaza means bombing humanity by harsh Zionists
Sekarang tidak ada lagi artinya perisai manusia utk mendukung kebejatanmu, penyeranganmu akan dibalas dengan semestinya.
Israel is terrorist state. Killing innocent Palestinians on their own land. Shame all those who supporting this illegitimate state which came into existence through Balfour declaration, a big mess created by British in 1948.
I hope Hamas doesn't represent the majority of Palestinians. If they do, there will never be a peaceful solution. Hamas has damaged the Palestinian cause
I’m confused. Israel has given over 5 days of warning to leave Gaza. But Hamas won’t let them go. I’m curious where these Palestinian people could go? I’m sure their neighbouring countries are welcoming them. Again, these 1.2 million have been warned for days.
There is no such thing as an innocent civilian unit comes to Muslims they are all as guilty as the devil
Hamas fd around and found out
Blinken& the rest of the Obiden admin are encouraging the same thing in the USA w/our wide open borders. They’ve provided $ & weapons to Israel’s & our enemies. While allowing brainwashing to continue in our schools, evidenced by US born protestors. War profiteers want this to escalate instead of just acknowledging Israel’s right to self defense.
They're nothing but trouble. Get rid of them.
Israel praying for you
Prayers and blessings for Israel. God is with you🇿🇦
You are not jew any more, Jews are the people who live here for thousands here, you setlers from outside are real gog and magog.
Very silly and ironic. The tenant telling the land owner to evict from its own property.
We stand with PalPalastines
Lord give Israel directions to now inaccents people and strength to defending their country
Hypocrite blinken
Go to Hell Israeli authorities....
Like what did Hamas expect would happen?  Do they have ANY brains in their ranks?
✍🏻🙏🏼Jeremiah 6:1 👀🙌🏼
How stupid amarica is. When zalenzski tell send money and weapon to ukraine US say ok bos i will send billion dollar and our weapon to ukraine. I dont care about my people anyway.. Now Benjamin tell amarica to send money and weapon to israel terrorist and amarica say ok boss immedietly i will send it include our troop to israel. Amarica soldier is a toy. Our country no need money weapon and soldier.. Amarica is all free because we are frer country. Just take it all whatever you want..
It's not Israel's fault if civilian in Gaza would not heed to Israel's plea to leave the place for the reason to smoke out the hamas hiding in tunnel and if they will listen to hamas not to leave consider them as collateral damage ! Imagine the death hamas inflicted on defense less civilian  ?
The Zionists are the only and biggest terrorists in the Middle East.
Why the Worthless UN not step in and capture the terrorists? UN is just a joke.
How sad to live with so much hatred in your heart.
Eviction to UN out of America….   EU- pound sand….
We Muslim will teach Blinken what moral clarity is....time is very close..
M
We Christians in Lebanon stand with Israel. Peace and love! 🇱🇧🇮🇱🇱🇧🇮🇱
Where are the people to go ? They are trapped like rats in a bucket.... 😢😢😢
Can we ask the ? If this gets us close to peace or further. Who’s gonna feel safe Palestinian or Israel? This Zionist way is not the answer.
Israel wants to eliminate Hamas and Hamas wants calls to eliminate Jews. This results in increasing the war. So very sad. Killing is wrong
Looking closely about this whole conflicts,  i must say I stand with Israeli all the way from Africa south of Sahara.  Palestinians had peace on their hands, but they refused it many times. Fighting is never a solution to a problem regardless of your situation.Always the aggressors, let them face what they deserve.
No matter how this Muslim nations try to destroy Israel God will always be with them ,Amos 9:15  so remember if u want to know the true God of the Bible watch this til the end
I think the government of Gaza should work hand-in-hand with Israel and find the kidnapped people.
Please don't get confused about this Harmas and all the Moslems that support this evil because as it has been said birds of the same teathers folk together Please read what the Holy Bible said about them. Genesis 16:11-12.lshmael and his family. And he will be a wild man: his hand shall be against every man, and every man's hand against him and he shall dwell in the presence of his own brethren. What did the world do, they let them come and live with them and look at them today in all these countries they just want to shed blood. I am not a prophet but Must tell you the truth. Look at American and Germany and them countries that stands with Israel now but there would come a day soon that these evil 🙈 people would force all these countries not to stand with Israel or else they would burn their cities down because they are millions living in all these countries and will take control control and then. In that day Israel had to stand alone but the Lord Jesus Christ would come and fight for Israel at the end of that war with millions of soldiers and weapons of war. So please come Lord Jesus Christ and save your nation. .
Hamas calling for a day of rage, RAGE, around the world is so evil it is beyond comprehension. Satan is their god.
Blinkin did you see the babies? No one has as yet
yeah, as if anyone could evacuate 1,1 Million people within 24 hours.
America stands with Israel. I'm so ashamed of some fellow Americans protesting Israel. It's immoral and ridiculous what these people at Harvard and other schools are doing. Praying for you Israel 🙏🇮🇱 and for the hostages. Israel is giving Palestinians fair warning to leave they know war is coming to the Gaza strip and should take the opportunity to get out. Israeli mothers and babies didn't get a warning and Hamas slaughtered them. It's cowardice for anyone to compare the two. 🇮🇱🇮🇱🙏🙏
US sources confirm: Israel was warned by Egypt days before the attack. Netanyahu govt ignored it and did nothing.
Hamas lost its moral compass many years ago. I pray for peace
Israel is kind enough  to warn the civilians. If they refuse to leave, that is their choice just like they voted Hamas as their government.
And this is how israel finally can have gaza to colonize it.
These "civilians" are hardly innocent.
"For he who extends mercy to the heartless risks losing touch with empathy, and in time, become indifferent and heartless towards you."
These people that stand with Palestinian militants in American colleges are empty headed. They are being told what to think and say. They're robots. It's shocking and disgusting.
"THE SWORD OF GIDEON SHALL SPEAK!!"
God bless Israel and I pray for the peace of Jerusalem 🇦🇷 🙏 🙌. God have mercy and protect the IDF soldiers. 🙏 God is fighting for Israel 🇮🇱 🙏 🙌
Praying 🙏 for all. People need to leave for their own safety.  Heartbreaking 💔 but Isreal needs to defend herself.  😢😢😢
This hate is taught by NAZI left wing Marxist Socialist professors in colleges and universities. The cancer begins there. These people need to be removed from the education system.
I finally understand this down deep hatred that has and does exist from Muslims certainly toward Jews but also any non-Muslim religions (Christians &many others) living in the Middle East. Stay put and do what you must Israel to break thru this bullying and sickness.
Whoever supports genocide and terrorism in any form is an accomplice to evil. Period
Israel need Kobani Brave fighters from the Kurds for rematch with ISIS/ Hamas  again.. Kurds stands with Israel
Eliminated? Or killed?
Queen Rania of Jordan happens to be a Palestinian descent.
China has about 56 empty mega cities. UN can move refugees there.
Justice is coming for the terrorists.
o    hi  this   is     over  us  in  this   world    we  see  with  one  eyes  open  and   we  did   not  unstand      one  head  to  over see one  eyes    to    lead  be  safe love
prayers for those civilians who are caught in between hamas and israeli  conflict let them be evacuated
I don't understand why the Palestinian are only ones without a country?. Why did england give their land to jews?
if hamas hand over hostages, will the IDF continue to take out gaza or will they stop?
Gosh 😢 I can’t even imagine what all of those innocent people had to go through! I hope all the innocent people make it out of Gaza and Israel BLOWS Gaza off the map!!!!!
Israel is showing such enormous restraint until the residents get out, respect.  Something HAMAS shows no one, not even their own people.  Dead Palestinians are all part of the plan for HAMAS,, they literally think the more that die the better.  When will the people of Palestine decide they love their own people more than they hate Jews? especially the children.
If a nation attacks another nation and then loses the war, it should also lose its land!
As terrible as it seems, it may be a good thing for the war to open on other fronts. It may be time to make a statement against Arab/Islamists and their purpose of spreading terror and exterminating Jews.
Please remember, America is a very big country. There are more people standing with Israel  than not. I think anyone who supports Hamas should be deported!!!
It seems the whole Collective West have lost their minds. The entire Gaza Strip is blockaded  on all sides. At the same time they are asking the INHABITANTS to get out! Therefore, the lsreali troops should openossings for the Palestenian civilians to move into Israel, leaving  HAMAS Militants behind. Has COMMON SENCE left everyone?
If there was a Tsunami coming in the next 24 Hours, they would get out of the way🌊🌊
What will you do with 2 million palestinians,,,,,no one wants them.
Israel intelligence failure is only to be blamed. Then perhaps God isn't happy that his Holy Sabbath was disrespected or being honor as Holy day that's why he sent the unbelievers to punish Israel transgression.
We in the United States stand with Israel!! 🇮🇱🇺🇲
Sorry Ukraine but if hazzbullad joins the fight. USA has to send boots. We can't let Israel be wiped out for DEFENDING THEMSELVES
THE UN LIVING IN NEW YORK WITH ACONDICIONARY AIR, WITH 100,000 DOLLARS BY MOTHS. THE UN AND ONU THEY GOINT TO AFRICA TO WORK YHERE. THE UN DONT HAVE NOTHING SOLUTION .
Evacuate and go where? And when, if you can come back, what will you find?
So we are just going to ignore that Israel will commit genocide if the UN wont evecatue them within 24 hrs ?   Its funny how they went from being the opressed to becoming the opressor
Godspeed to Israel as they do what must be done!
Isarael is not coward like hamas
“Negotiation with evil is not a strategy, it’s surrender.” Ben Shapiro
Where are the Christians  who suppose to support the Jews?
Strange how Israel cares more for these Palestinians than Hamas does.
Israel has the right to defend itself with whatever it takes , like another state
just one corection the western world is a greek model and talking english has nothing to do with it!
I  proud to israel at  least they inform not like hamas who killing inocent bruitaly wothout any intimation
Philippines ❤❤❤❤❤
Love that Lady Miri Eisen ! God bless her and keep her safe. Both honest guests speaking rationally.  No Jew is celebrating the strikes on Gaza .
God Bless Israel!  We stand with our Israeli Brothers and Sisters.
They wanted a war, they £#ck!¥€ got it! This is what Hamas wanted. Those so called Palestinians that stay…enjoy your cook out. Next on the Israeli menu, will be  over cooked Iran. With some wilted hizbolah as a garnish. Yummy
" day of rage around the world "..... When are we finally going to admit that Islam is at war with the whole civilised world. He'll bent on forcing its cruel oppressive religion onto everyone.
Gazans have now a chance to finish off Hamas
56 islamic Countries can give refuge to 2 MN Gaza residents.
Why is it our duty to help them? Have they not brought this on themselves? Let them go to Russia! This whole situation originates from Putler! We know that. Not a single Palestinian into the EU! That would be Putin's wet dream after his failure in Belarus last winter.
Have they heard about our Jesus?
Israel please do not act like Hamas. Revenge and vengeance is immoral
Back in the 70's when the current  iaranian government overthrew the government that was friendly to the u.s. and israel is when we should have invaded Iran and re established the original  government..If we had done that back then we wouldnt have many of the problems we have now in the middle east..
U reap what u vote for
God bless Isarael and protect from enemy...
The UN are biased and hypocritical cowards.
GOD BLESS israel and us
I'm in the US and stand with Isreal.
Israel has violated U.N. Resolution 181 for 60 years. Stealing Palestinian land, farms, buisness and homes.
🙏❤️🩸🇮🇱🇵🇭
🙏♥️ for Israel. ♥️🇵🇭 Philippines.
I rememberr Kennedy in 1962 on meet the press talking about these same issues   Israel is finally going to solve the problem
Need a new world order from Brics get rid of United Nations because they are useless,need peace in the world
Need a new world order from Brics get rid of United Nations because they are useless,need peace in the world
the pro hamas in other countries should be deported, this is the right day to send the pro hamas back to their country
This is Israel starting World War III!  Not thinking of the devastating consequences is so foolish.
Palestine is a Roman invented name.  Palestine is a given to the old Judea and Samaria areas, but the Arab conquest hijack the name. 😅😅😅 The Arabs are the occupiers
The deadlier strikes will come from Israel bcuz they have better weaponry than Hamas, courtesy of our government.  Hamas striked because of the many years of mistreatment, arrogance and disrespect warlike Israelis leaders like Netanyahu did to the Palestinian people. It is their way of bringing attention to their dilemma. Netanyahu is like Hitler determined to wipe out the Palestinians race to take control of their land. He and his cronies are the worst Jews. This war distracts the Israelis from his corruption and crimes and gives him a chance to show he’s their hero tho in reality he is a coward. He welcomes this war despite warnings from Egypt about Hamas strike prior to it happening. Yet, He chose to do nothing bcoz it gives him the chance to achieve his evil goals— elimination of the Palestinians. The good Jewish people should UNITE TO STOP HIM & his CRAZY cronies from making the Jewish people like the Nazis of WWII. Extremist Netanyahu do not want peace but continual bloodshed and war. Only then can he and those like him profit and enrich themselves. Our disgraceful media biasely reports in favor of Netanyahu. They too will have blood on their hands for promoting war instead of peace.  P.S. Hunting Hamas and killing helpless ordinary Palestinians are two different things.  I believe that both Israelis and Palestinians are strong enough people, capable of overcoming their 1000 years of hatred and bloodshed reach a mutually beneficial peace settlement so that their children, and children’s children can live in harmony, side by side with each other enjoying life while remaining vigilant in unity against those preventing this from happening. Revenge will not solve anything. May Jah & Allah bless the true peacemakers of both countries.
What the majority of the people who support Isreal the land, when scripture speaks of Isreal it’s talking about a people and it’s not the people who are occupying the land now, these are white Europeans who converted they are descendants of japeth
Miri YOU are a moron.  The response hasn't even close to enough.  And we are not scared, we are beyond enraged.  19:10
check other independent news channels.  Reuter “Fact check: Israel and Hamas misinformation surges as war continues”  Middle East Eye: ‘40 beheaded babies’ : How media amplified an unconfirmed story | The Big Picture S3E3  Novara Media: The Media's Israel Palestine Misinformation War
🕉️♥️🇮🇱
Prayer for Israel, Standing and supporting Israel
This is when the US should tell Lebanon that every rocket that hezbala fires that they will be hit by 50 rockets!!!
Where are a million people supposed to go. I guess here in the USA🤔
More hyperventilation needed.  Where is the U.N.?
It's much wider than being about Israel. These people hate western culture and multiculturalism.
Respect and love and support from me in the United Kingdom 🙏🇬🇧🇮🇱🙏
Is this not a form of genoside?
I like Israel.  They have an elite military.  I admire that.
From Louisville Kentucky my heart is with you❤
“Iranian backed Hamas”, the new catch phrase to urge war with Iran.  A war with Iran will be a big mistake and will be a war with all of the Arab world.
I am sure that all Christians around the world, your ordinary people are praying for Israel.   This happened on our borders a couple of years ago.  We have seen what terrorists did to people old and little and to innocent animals.  God bless all those prayers said for Israel.
They’d better leave because Israel has no choice but to hunt murderers. The  only mercy they get is for the ones not harming hostages.
A day of rage says it all, the words of a political death cult aka Islam. Islam is a worldview posing as a religion . No one committed to Islam embraces peace, peace is antithetical to a cult of death , mayhem , rape and murder. All peace loving people remember this.  The people of Gaza are nothing more than human shields for Hamas to use as they seek to create an apocalyptic cult of death aka a Muslim caliphate. If Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Iranian regime are not eliminated with extreme prejudice it is only a matter of time until Iran use a nuclear bomb to start a 3 world war.
Yeah. Head south. That way you can keep on getting sorry money and you can have your human rights too. Sounds like a good deal.
Where are the Gaza peoples supposed to go ?? There blocked  by land sea and air, now food water fuel and electricity  are blocked.
These fake Jews are the synagogue of Satin .
We stand Israel ,we love Israel from Philippines ❤Hope,the innocent people in palentine & Israel God protect them.
Where will the evacuees evacuate to may I ask ?
The civilians in Gaza r told by Hamas to not leave. The citizens in Gaza r used by Arab authorities,Hamas, to collect billions from the U.S., EU, UN each year. Little, if any is being used for the betterment for Gaza. Their own people are using them as pawns to get billions. This is a war. Israel do what u have to do once and for all for the sake of Israel and Palestinians.
Marcyful God Do something  pliz
Every building is going down,hopefully all tunnels are blocked,
Blinken How could you go on about one baby and others being burned when America and UK killed and tortured so many in Iraq . This trouble is because you don't let countries be I  peace .
The HOLY KORAN states that the Holy Land, JERUSALEM, belongs to the Jewish  nation of MOSES, the Israelites [Qur'an, "Night Journey," chapter 17:100-104]
what thy
THE LIVING GOD ALONE CAN HELP AND CAN CONTROL HIS PEOPLE AND CAN SAVE HIS PEOPLE ALL OVER THE GLOBE IN JESUS MIGHTY NAME WE PRAY!AMEN AND AMEN!🙏 OH SOVEREIGN GOD, PLEASE BLESS PROTECT SAVE ISRAEL JERUSALEM AND ALL ALLIES OVER ALL KINDS OF ENEMIES IN JESUS MIGHTY NAME WE PRAY!AMEN AND AMEN!🙏
God bless 🇮🇱
So, how will Israel destroy huge tunnels, built under houses, that allow weapons into Gaza?
ISRAEL supplies GAZA with food, water, electricity, fuel, medicine, and 18,000 jobs that earn 10X the amount that they earn in GAZA.
These images and videos need to be show to the public and displayed everywhere even in public spaces. It’s time the world makes a stand and fights this. Same with Ruzzian terrorism!
open the heart of this hamas please stop this .this not good.
Well .. to where?
Imagine if we did to the Muslims what they do to other religions groups. Jew Christian. They would do what hamazz is doing 🐍 playing thr victim
"Israel tells UN to evacuate northern Gaza Strip within 24 hours" So Israel wants the UN to do what they haven't been able to accomplish, ethnically cleanse Gaza of Palestinians, and if they don't they'll just commit a genocide instead? Israel is the terrorist state here.
HAMAS-JIHADISTS unleashed 8000+ rockets into Israel: 2008, 2009, 2012, 2012, 2014, and 2021.
Israel asks the UN to help evacuate the civilians. What does the UN hear? "Please, use Hamas to use civilians as shields and, by alll means, provide the terrorists to make it to safety" Wl
Palestinians are 2% of the Arab world:   Israeli Occupation: 1967- Present Egyptian Occupation: 1949-1967 British Occupation: 1922-1947 – 30 Years  Egyptian Occupation: 1831 -1840 -  9 Years Ottoman Turk Occupation (1517-1917) 402 Years
Very good reporting, thank you !!!
both sides better head out this place gonna be a pile of rubble 😢
Pray and be humble and repent from our wicked ways, Israel is at God’s side. Pray for peace. God bless us all 🙏.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikFPmE-PF88
IT'S   THE  RIGHT  HUMANITARIAN  GESTURES  TO  THE  CIVILIANS  OF  PALESTINE,  RELOCATE  THEM....BECAUSE  HAMAS,  the2nd  HEZBOLLAH,  and  the  3rd. ISIS /  RADICAL  ISLAMISTS  WANT  TO  HAVE  A  WORLD  WAR  3  TO  HAPPEN  TOMORROW
Relocate is code for occupied territory nothing but a land grab
Hamas and most Palestinians want to kill jews and destroy the State of Israel. How can there be peace as long as they feel this way and teach their children to be that way?
Your Tax Dollars at Work! More Endless Wars to Come.... More Endless War Spending to Kill & Destroy Lives across the Planet, as Our Nation is Crumbling. If you think the US/UK/EU Elites care about Innocent Lives, Think Again.  The Governments & Media do NOT Care About Anyone's Lives, ONLY about Control & Power Over the World and People! 0:22
GAZA, get those WHITE FLAGs ready, that's the only thing that's going to protect you. Either out with a white flag to surrender or out in a box, at least with a white flag you'll get medical help, food, water, and they'll have to house you till the war is over. If you stay and don't evacuate, you should be treated as an enemy combatant.   Israel has asked for UN help, so that means they're trying to get the noncombatants out. Take the help and leave the war zone, the world doesn't need any more people dying to arrogance.
God bless Israel 🇮🇱❤
Victory for Israel.
In war people rarely get evacuation warnings. Atleast they sent out warnings before proceeding.
Palestinians elected Hamas, don't forget.
United Nothing.
People on here are just making up history. It is absurd. Palestinians got removed from their homes, their businesses, their farms, their schools their communities, and so forth - there whole life was uprooted. They were placed in an open air prison where they cannot freely leave and have little opportunity, AND where they live in chronic fear due to Israeli snipers, brutality, and attacks. Generations of children growing up living in terror, grief, desperation, and anger created HAMAS. They have all have  CPTSD and are stuck in "fight" mode. I do not condone HAMAS's attacks at all - it is horrific and cowardly - but Israeli is also at fault here. I do not know the solution to this conflict but violence is not the answer.
NO MENTION OF THE MURDER OF OVER 5 MILLION  PALESTINIANS ???!!! THE THEFT FO THEIR LAND, HOMES AND BUSINESS. These people are not Terrorist, but a true Army and it is now growing.
THIS IS HOW THE HUMAN RACE ENDS, ISRAEL TAKES OUT GAZA AND HEZBOLLAH, IRAN RESPONDS BY ATTACKING ISRAEL WITH MISSILES, ISRAEL IS OVERWHELMED SO IT RESPONDS BY NUKING IRAN TO SAVE ITSELF, RUSSIA NUKES UKRAINE, NATO ATTACK RUSSIA, CHINA TAKES THE CHANCE AND ATTACKS TAIWAN, NORTH KOREA TAKES THE OPPORTUNITY TO ATTACK SOUTH KOREA, PAKISTAN TAKES THE CHANCE AND ATTACKS INDIA, AND THAT MY FRIENDS IS THE END OF HUMANITY
UN is a wasted time.
For all those blaming Israel, what was hamas thinking of? what was their aim? did they think Israel 🇮🇱 will not retaliate? my heart goes for the civilians of gaza, caught up in this war, but a people pay for the actions of their leaders. Hostages have been taken, innocent children and vulnerable men and women,  youths slaughtered, for what reason,  what were they thinking of? the gazans are now shouting, to whom? Israel will defend themselves and do everything to flush hamas.
what amazes me is in these neighborhoods so close to the fence it should be mandatory to have fire arms and high tech and high caliber ones for these types of situations. to expect the military to always come to the defense in time is to live in a dream world when you are barely 3000 feet from a massive community that hates your existence. sad what happened but i can not understand why these people were not all heavily armed to defend themselves after all the attempts to destroy the great Israel
At 19:30. Does the west understand? No! Had they really understood then they would already be going into Terrorist sympathy areas and taking them to detention centres, like they did in WWII, because it's only a matter of time before they will perpetrate attacks on them. Looking on social media and watching the celebrations in the street, we already know that there are thousands and thousands of potential terrorists in London, Birmingham, Liverpool, New York, Sydney, Berlin, Paris.....
RT COL MIRIN EISIN is very intelligent and sensitive personality ❤
Did homegirl bust a fart?
UN director must go to Palestine And Gaza to talk to hamas
Everyone should read the playbook from the  Muslim brotherhood on taking over America. BTW.. they hate you and want to kill you, yes YOU.
Mossad allowed this to happen
"Since this war began 6 days ago.." 🙄
Flatten Gaza. Return the area to its original natural state fit only for lizards and donkeys.
When history repeats itself 😢
Israel is informing the Gaza civilian that they need to move cuz they will attack the hamas terrorist in the north. They need to move to the south for their own safety. Please, move for your own safety
The reporter's shaky voice is so annoying.
The Lord bless and keep Israel
So they murder little babies and women in the most horrendous way, yet whine and cry they're being mistreated? DOWN IWTH Palistans
ISRAEL 🇮🇱 GET OUT of PALESTINE 🇸🇩❗❗❗
Nobody is hating any Jews here in Europe, just the opposite is true. There are always a few idiots who react differently. But in a time when people worldwide are starting to work together on all possible topics for a better world, there is no longer room for standard idiots such as Hamas, Hezbollah, ISIS, you name it. They endanger the safety and peace of this world.
The Hamas Palestinians made a big mistake.
Had the woman being interviewed at 6:20 been speaking German one may have thought she was describing the plan for the final crushing of the Warsaw ghetto.
This is all coming to the US and Europe soon,  that's the reason for the invasions orchestrated by the democrats and other communists around the world like soros, shwab, mayorkas, etc etc etc.
Imagine, Hammas cannot just go around all around the world to murder people as they please. This is evidence that Hammas’s leaders are psychotic patients, and so is all in their terror groups. They not really patients but more trained phsychotic terrorists. Because patients cannot move around the way they do.
This is now the worlds problem. Sorry but we don’t want anymore people here who hate us. If they agree with Hamas stay away please God we have enough problems here already. Go Brandon . Is he still alive btw??
Actually not only Israel has warned the Palestinians about Hamas being a terrorist group. In fact the whole civilized world has told them. Yet they refuse to understand. Where does that leave us?
The UN is an Islamist organization. Israel must trust no one. Strike faster and faster before the Islamist UN puts restrictions on our Jewish friends.
Get real  Where are they going to go the gates are closed.
Is there any way to put a FULL STOP against quran or any kind of Islamic preaching ?? Otherwise this problem will never come to an end ...
ALL THE COUNTRIES IN THE WORLD SHOULD IMMEDIATELY ASK THE PALESTIINE SUPPORT TO LEAVE THEIR COUNTRIES BECAUSE WHEN THEY ARE STRONG THEY WILL KILL THEIR HOSTS FOLLOWING MUHAMMAD FOOTSTEP IN AD 620.🙈🙈🙈
My first thought when seeing the protests in Sydney with people chanting "kill the jews, gas the jews" was that sort of thing should not be allowed... but then i thought about it for a while and I think it's better to know who hates us instead of them thinking it but hiding it.  These sort of people are usually not very bright and are happy to share their hate with the world and they absolutely should face other repercussions from that like losing their jobs.
Look! How Hamas manipulated and made  Thier citizens as Thier collateral as a shield for thier ideology that instead They would let Thier citizens to evacuate and protect and prevent them from hurt and killed yet Hamas don't allow Thier citizens to go out.😢e
UN is good for nothing
Zionist Israelis want to turn Gaza into rubbles.... They are the new Nazis
… hãy nói theo cách khác đi… đừng cãi với ma quỷ… hãy nói rằng hỡi các người đang ủng hộ bạo lực… hãy cứ ở lại với bạo lực để cùng “ra đi “một lượt với nhau …
❤the world christian population stand with Israel,,,God bless Israel and it is our prayers that these atrocities will bring Israel to recieve Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior !!!
וְאִם־לֹ֨א תוֹרִ֜ישׁוּ אֶת־יֹשְׁבֵ֣י הָאָ֘רֶץ֮ מִפְּנֵיכֶם֒ וְהָיָה֙ אֲשֶׁ֣ר תּוֹתִ֣ירוּ מֵהֶ֔ם לְשִׂכִּים֙ בְּעֵ֣ינֵיכֶ֔ם וְלִצְנִינִ֖ם בְּצִדֵּיכֶ֑ם וְצָרְ⁠ﬞר֣וּ אֶתְכֶ֔ם עַל־הָאָ֕רֶץ אֲשֶׁ֥ר אַתֶּ֖ם יֹשְׁבִ֥ים בָּֽהּ׃
Get the Hell out fast!!! all hell gonna break lose!!!
Hurry UN, evacuate Palestinians. If you failed and Palestinians die from Israeli strikes, their blood is in your hands.
Yes, Israel if they claim caring for the Gaza civilians should take them into Israel, where they gonna evacuate? Israel take the Gaza civilians.
Wait what? The Isis imitators are calling for a day of rage? All they know is depravity and bloodletting. The ideology that fuels them is like something out of the sixth century. They've lit a match and the flames are consuming them.
HELLO SOME  ISLAM COUNTRIES ARE CELEBRATING THE DEATH OF THE JEWS THEY WILL THOUGH BY THE ISLAM TEACHING.🙈🙈🔥
Isreal did right to ask the UN to take the Palestinians who are evacuating, I think the UN are incompetent  to do anything ,only to state what country's  should do, The UN needs to be  disbanded , Isreal do what you have to do to get rid of the Terrorists  Hamas , Glory to Isreal , 💕🙏🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Harboring criminals/terrorist is against Law and Order.  Repercussion will definitely affect who support or harbor terrorist.
Fuck around find out. Human animals 😊
Hamas, enjoy your last gasps of air in the rat hole you are hiding in. They are waiting for you in Hell.
God make Israel shalom in the name of Jesus Christ. May every Jew now turn to God through Jesus Christ, Amen.  This is your greatest chance to be fully whole and united under our one true God in the name of Jesus Christ. Turn back to Your true God in the Body of Jesus Christ. He loves His Jewish people SO much. He has done SO much for you. I am so grateful for all those in Israel and around the world who love Jesus Christ. It was and is true believers who prayed for me and brought me back to my only God through my Lord Christ Jesus who had always been there, waiting for me to fully surrender my life to Him by trusting Him fully.  Dear Father God with the blood of our precious Jesus shed on the cross protect all who have come to You from all walks of life and religious and legalistic mindsets, because You have shown Yourself to them. They have heard You. May they hear and see You and choose You always and forever. May they see You God in the miracles Your miracles and Your protection. Angels of God are doing their mighty and glorious work to glorify God. May all of lsrael see this and many, many all over see and know that our Lord and King Jesus of light and love is for us and with us. Amen.
As Israel is said in the Bible to be God's chosen people, he will never let his people be wiped out.  Hamas doesn't understand that they are fighting the very people God Jehova favors and will not let  his people lose.  Against God you will never succeed, doesn't matter what you do you will end up dead.  If this war widens to include many other nations who might try to crush Israel, the Bible does say many armies of the world would unite around Jerusalem to crush his people in the end times, leading to Armagedon.  God will then send his angelic armies led by Jesus to protect his people and thus the end of the world will happened.
Would you like to know what's going to happen go read Zacharias in the Bible chapter 12
😀😀😀😀😀
His instructed to old Israel in old testament times, was for Israel to destroy and completely annihilate ALL their enemies. But Israel rested from the wars and left the surrounding pagan and heathen nations to grow in strength to this day.  Rise up Israel. Put you trust in Jehovah our God, Jaweh.
LOOK LIKE THE HAMAS AND PALESTINIAN HAD TO BE BURIED TOGETHER WITH THE DEAD. THE OTTOMAN,ROMAN AND GENGHIS KHAN DID IT BEFORE.🙈🙈
Even Africans, we are with Israel to the end
I know all those countries hate each other but at what point do you just ban together and destroy israel. Iran has nukes.   Nuke israel.  Problem solved. The jews are commiting war crimes and the cowards (US & UN) are letting it happen.
Operation Ethnic Cleansing.  Innocent people on both sides dying for no reason.
America will take this Hamas-Iran "colab" as opportunity to invade Iran.  Mark my words...
Lovingly known as the Porky Bomb, this 5 kiloton nuke is encased in 99.75 Gallons of solidified Pork Lard, wrapped in a lace matrix of bacon strips
Un have before stolen land to make a solution, now they can steal some back and give to the former owners….
Even children in their schools are taught it’s noble and right to kill Jews. One little kid said, I want to stab a Jew. No way you can coexist next to such demonized people!
We stand with Israel
Lets look at this like you have cancer. And hamas is cancer. Do you surgically target areas with cancer, or do you just kill the whole body. Isreal says, kill the whole body. Sorry for the Palestinians and isreali people, this is a war between the isreali government and hamas, and the people are caught in the middle. Hamas just gave isreal the right to commit legalize genocide.  Yo, you literally dont have to kill civilians to get to hamas. Your just doing it, because youve always wanted to. Isreal was just waiting. Yes lets fight one war crime with another.
Dont bring those animals here... I stand with israel..🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Zionist is a murderer... You killed so many Palestine people especially children.
These are arabs holding western nationalities.
It is written dont go under ground,
There are no such thing as innocent Gazans.  When Israel gave them Gaza, they immediately elected in Hamas in a free election.  They know they are used as human shields while the coward Hamas hide behind their women and babies.  They are also willing to breed terrorists and get paid when their children die as a terrorist.
I wonder if hamas would give safe passage to jewish civilians.          Yh sure🙋‍♀️😢.   Whatever.  ...n heres the difference.    Jews will, hamas dont/wont.    Palestinians voted for their own mess.  Anyone with half a brain can see palestinians having nothing to complain about. They voted ... they got . Its jus nasty when families, people onlookers,who didnt vote a hamas run place , get hit . Kids ,the young ,my heart goes out to them .  Any counrty reaps the benefits of what they exhalt/hide behind/deny/and justify ....
At least they are given time to leave, Hamas didn't
Why should the the Israelis tell the UN to evacuate Palestinians when Israel ignored the UN - for Years -about taking land illegally from the Palestinians? Its so self-righteous.
Hahaha...you tell them to leave but close the borders... hypocrisy n bigotry🦍🦍🦍
At least they have 24-hour notice, Israelis didn't get any notice from Hamas the Coward_Terrorists before they slaughtered thousands of innocent Israelis. FuckHamas. Fuck'em.
Oprah be snuffling her snout now. Sea front properties you say? Oink oink..
Flattening  Gaza is the only remedy and do not let Gazans enter again Gaza without allegiance to Israel.
Yes, there is overwhelming evidence of exactly who the attackers are.
HAMAS AND THE GAZANS WHO SUPPORT HAMAS SINCE 2006, STARTED THIS WAR, THEY ARE NOW GOING TO PAY THE PRICE.
Relocation of 1 million people in 24 hours, Via an ultimatum to the UN! Israel is a self entitled crazy rouge country that brings the world to the verge of ww3 and should be put in line immediately before its too late 😮
On the other side, middle east reports another incident. And you know exactly what they report...  it is Hamas who kill its own people by  allowing their civilians to be killed to received what was promised in their book and to be martyrs.
Sometimes people have to learn lessons that supporting terrorist have terrible consequences , the innocent civilians, young and old were the victims to such horrific circumstances
The message to UN is quite clear ? This war is not for politicians or man  it GOD'S HOLY WAR AGAINST ALL NATIONS? I AM GOING TO QUOTE THE BIBLE ; REVELATION 16: ver,4 , THIS TIME A RED HORSE RODE OUT.  ITS RIDER WAS GIVEN A LONG SWORD AND THE AUTHORITY TO BANISH PEACE AND BRING ANARCHY TO THE EARTH; WAR AND KILLING BROKE OUT EVERY WHERE.  THIS IS THE WORD OF GOD . POLITICIANS MUST LISTEN THIS IS GOD'S HOLY WAR. AMAZING BIBI SAID THIS WAR IS " THE SWORD OF DAVID " ITS JUST THAT . ALL NATIONS IN HISTROY DID DO HARM TO ISRAEL , GOD IS GOING TO FIGHT FOR ISRAEL .? WARNING TAKE NOTE THIS IS GOD'S WORD .? HIS ANGER & WRATH WILL BE UNLEASHED ON ALL WHO ATTACK ISRAEL.? ONLY SAYING WHAT GOD'S WORD SAYS; THIS IS JESUS SAID , WE MUST PRAY FOR THE PEACE OF ISRAEL. ? AFTER THIS THERE IS 5 MORE MESSAGES TO FOLLOW. TAKE NOTE .? ITS A MESSAGE TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.????
I love the way people try to act like Isreal needs to sit back and take this. Like you would if it was your family being killed.
PLEASE TRADE "THE SQUAD" FOR ALL HOSTAGES..  AND IF NECESSARY TRADE THE OBAMA'S AS WELL FOR THE HOSTAGES!  THEY ALL MUST BE WILLING TO BE EXCHANGED  FOR HOSTAGES!!!!!!!!!
Victory of Israel.
They knew it was coming.. they were told to leave Gaza.
Really all Jews should be watching their back no matter where they live  Because the hate is real and the actions of demons has been seen and can’t be hidden anymore…. The pictures of the bodies is shocking the young people all over the world which is good and bad  They will pick a side
I am Hindu and proud of Jews and Israeli people who are fighting these Muslim terrorists.
ISRAELITE SHOULD PREPARE TO FIGHT FOR ONE THOUSAND YEARS.🔥🔥🔥
That’s very unreasonable to expect to move 1 million in 24 hours !    Humans can fly to outer space but they can’t sort out a simple land issue in 100 years ……write new bibles because the ones we have caused nothing but war …god would not approve any bible telling you how to live because we have free will
Its great that Israel give these warnings. They would receive no such warnings from the terrorists.
Level Gaza
The sympathiers of Palestinian s, Hamas should know that every Palestinian family's male members are part of Hamas either by joining or supporting them. Later the islamic world will cry over the deaths without knowing facts. They don't deserve deserve any sympathy no matter what one does for their well being. They are monsters!!
Hamas can disguise themselves as civilians.  Civilians should be vetted ,before leaving
This is the most humbling humanitarian act I’ve ever seen. Giving a warning like that, is unprecedented in any conflict. So many Palestinian lives will be saved.
I remember when Israel's extensive use of white phosphorus munitions  during its 22-day military operations in Gaza, from December 27,  2008 to January 18, 2009, named Operation Cast Lead , Gaza is the  biggest prison camp in the world.Armageddon ww3
Hamas  is just of the Radical Islamic Terrorist orgs.  The terror is wherever palestinian terrorist simps are. They are in UK, USA, ITaly, France, Australia. and more. The west will and must root out the radical islamic terrorists from their borders and the "day of Rage" will give the west free license to arrest and persecute radical islamic terrorists pretending to be palestinian.
🇦🇷with israel
If the muslim lay down their weapons, there will be peace. If we lay down our weapons, we will be destroyed.
Biden, dems, ISIS, Hamas, Xi, Khamenei is one of a kind mafia, terrorist.
GAZA IS HELL ON EARTH 🌎. LET THE ISRAEL CLEANSING GAZA 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hamas hates Israel more than it loves the Palestinians. Israel loves its people more than it hates the Palestinians.
Israel is disgusting
Those Hamas rats have a city of tunnels that have to be demolished.  The people simply have to leave.  It is Hamas who are doing this to the people of Palestine!!
brabo french
Hamas is Terrorist Organization all do  Settler from US are not any better the terrorist's Settlers from US are killing robbing palestinian homes and IDF is assisting. this is leading your country to novar...
LEAVE AND GO WHERE FROM GAZA TO GAZA. THIS IS TRULY END TIMES. WITH SO MUCH PHUCKING MORONS  THAT REGURGITATING THE BLATANT LIES OF THE WEST.
Thank you for your update and yes, there are so many Americans who lack intelligence to know what is right and what is wrong that it is sickening. They lack the courage to know what is happening so they are unable to make proper decisions, just look at who they voted for President, a Democrat and everyone knows Democrats hate America. So it is a fight within and throughout and I am afraid it will never change as it has been this way for years and years and years. My prayers go out to Israel and its people with hope that this will end soon  but when you have countries like Iran and Lebanon and Syria that have little or no regard for human life, conditions like we are seeing will never go away! May God help us!!!!
So weird watching people cheer for genocide while crying about genocide
FINALLY YOU SEE THE HAMAS PANIC AND WANT THE INNOCENT PALESTINIAN TO DIE WITH THEM, THIS IS EXACTLY HOW MUHAMMAD FIGHT 400 WARS IN AD 620 USING INNOCENT AS SHIELDS. ISRAEL ARE CONFIRM GOING TO FINISHED ALL IN GAZA AND FULLY PREPARE TO FIGHT MUSLIM COUNTRIES THAT WANT TO SUPPORT HAMAS. THIS BLOODY WAR HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH GOD IN FACT GOD IS UPSET WITH HUMAN BECAUSE HUMAN HAD NO FORGIVENESS. 🙈🙈🙈
Hamas went to Israel and slaughter Israelites now they want everyone to be involved.😂😂😂😂
https://youtu.be/NcY2Fa8Fx4I?si=SEsT9r9Ih6TVnIEJ.     Who created and funded Hamas ?????
Here is a novel idea, fill the tunnels with concrete.
Shalom hamas shalom
No wonder why God spread that pandemic to purge the earth he built for us. But as humans are the most invasive species on earth. Our main goal is to just kill kill kill each other. 2nd is to destroy destroy. Eventually humans will become extinct.  .
You should thinking on it before Gaza. Now is too late !  You reap what you sow!  You are thrust into a sea of ​​total destruction!    Look around you ! Where is you happiness !?    That is !?
Why the western or Isreal use to say Hamas murder those innocent people in Isreal nation  , come more when Isreal nation everyday also murder those human being in Palestine nation  , for Isreal nation say is Security guard own nation against the Palestinian people whos murder your family members or force out those Palestinian people house by Robber it  or Lands belong who's had stayed many yrs time  . This western countries call Humanly  .of Human being.
Why in the world are the southern communities of Israel unarmed? Why Israelis don’t have a second amendment? They need it more than anybody in the world!
Israel will take Gaza and later will do referendum.
Israel in my  prayers
------- 030 combination hit in Texas local lottery this evening           3130  - combination hit in Rhode island on Wednesday    I am looking for ( 0313 )  to hit in a few more local lotteries          313  hit in California       033 - hits in Indiana         131 - hits in Michigan         030 - hits in Texas          0311 - hits in Virginia          3130 - hits in California          3113 - hits in Texas
Shut your mouths dude. Isreal will fail and will never win. Isreal is the murderer in reality. Isreal steeling land that all.
I am for Israeli  God bless them
Given its current course of action, I think Israelis should leave their homes and flee, because the worldwide Muslim response to this will be brutal, unrelenting and final.
The Gaza strip was never owned  by UN according  Bible it belongs  to the Jews islam please start reading the Bible will cause  u no harm u soul will be saved🇿🇦
😳
OF CAUSE WE CONDAM THE BRUTAL MURDERING GENOCIDE CLEANSING ETHIC IN GAZA!!! THEY ARE HUMAN BEING NOT AN ANIMAL AND OOH OF CAUSE THE ZIONIST ISREALIAN ARE BLOODY BRUTAL THEY HAVE NO HEART CAUSE ALREADY TURN TO BEAST
🙏🇸🇻♥️🇵🇸🙏
MOSAD IS GOING TO BE BUSY WITH ALLOT OF TRAVEL   HAHA😊
Never trust moslems, they are the only religious peeps who kills all in the name of their stupid Allah
Evacuating 2.1 million people??  HOW?  What legal right does ANYONE have to force that large a population to move?  Where do they go?
So, Hammas is getting their power from Egypt. They are going through in underground tunnels from Egypt to Israel.
BHARAT/India  support ISRAEL Victory for Israel
Now they say that they have to evacuate but when the civilians tried to evacuate by the Egypt border, Israel bombed the border..
Sorry but Israel has to do this
THERE ARE NO INNOCENT PALESHINIANS!!!! THEY HAVE DONE NOTHING TO OUST HAMAS... THE PALESTIANS WILL DO NOTHING UNTIL THEIR PAIN IS GREATER THAN THEIR FEAR!!!!!
Why do you think Egypt has closed it's borders to Palestinians?!
Palestinians vote for Hamas , maybe they should stop voting for terrorists that uses their own children and women as shield like any 👿 cowards do 🤔
Europe social media for the most of them they step for gaza funny!
Israel  alwyz tell Palestinians  to evacuate  but hamas dont tell he likes to bomb innocent  people love you Israel 🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🙏🇿🇦
Tell putin Nazi kidnapper terrorist mobister to surrender
hamas knew that Israel would retaliate their brutal actions. that was their intent.  the Palestinians have their worst enemy living among them.
Warning *^
Quit warming them!!!
If Israel asked only Palestinians to leave, then Hamas r Jews I guess! 😂😂🤣
Mr fr Minister open the war let see.
It's nice that Israel has given the civilian population of Gaza City an early warning to leave the area. What confuses me is exactly where are they supposed to go?
What is very strange is that these armed terrorist monsters do not appear on any news video from Gaza, you say they swallowed the earth, they are probably hiding now, trembling with fear knowing that their clock is ticking TIC TAC TIC TAC 👊👊👊
Is IDF recruiting foreign soldiers? I want to join but no news station mentioning anything regard this.
The Palestinian people who do not want to evacuate means they are supporters of Hamas terrorists and that is their own choice and they are ready to bear the risk.
Genocide.
Pray for Israel  to win war against Muslim evil 😈 Murderer killed civilian  ,burning ,rape , MASSACRE  all civilian house children old man old woman . If muslim civilian not evacuate is a same hamas terrorist.
What about Jews who are in Southern Israel?What about protestant Christians who are in Southern Israel. What about Jewish Christians who are in Southern Israel. How can they tell the civilians to go South when Hisbollah is coming from Egypt?
❤🇮🇱🙏
To hell with Israel
🇵🇸☝️✌️🤲🇵🇸
The Jerusalem has come.
Between 1947 and 1949, at least 750,000 Palestinians from a 1.9 million population were made refugees beyond the borders of the state. Zionist forces had taken more than 78 percent of historic Palestine, ethnically cleansed and destroyed about 530 villages and cities, and killed about 15,000 Palestinians in a series of mass atrocities, including more than 70 massacres? - history is hard to erase from the books - hard to point the finger when your hands are stained with blood - when you play the victim it can feel soooo good - it feels good not to take responsibility, and blame someone else........
It's only a matter of days or weeks before Iran makes a big mistake and reaps the consequences.
We are well armed in the US, we will fight back, and hard. Israel you should have let your citizens be armed, it would have let many of your citizens survive the attack. Hope you learned your lesson.
Support from Bulgaria 🇧🇬  for Israel 🇮🇱  We Bulgarians love you okay ❤
This is a great plan probably has been in the works for along time. Get the Palestinians to leave by threatening them and then take what’s left of the land. Great plan. Remember the lord loves the poor not the rich and powerful. And I look forward to his coming. So he can rid this world of the unrighteous.
"Now is the time for thinking people to think..." - Maya Angelou, the day after 9-11
Pia you need to stop ranting in a frenzy and take a breath,you talk like you’ve just done a marathon, speak slower and concise and calm down woman.
UN is a voice of the evil people is all
What a self righteous horrible person this Israeli woman. She really does not realize how much suffering they have caused over the years. In 15 years 1300 Israelis died while killing and robbing the lands of 15000 Palestinians. These figures are available publicly btw. Google them if u need.
Israel got what they dreamt long about . The new final solution
The only way to have world peace is to follow the teaching of Christ “love your enemies”. The Old Testament which the Jews follow says “An eye for an eye, a tooth for a  tooth” and this is the cause of bombing in Gaza causaing the death of innocent Palestinians civilians. Tha Koran calls for Jihad and Hamas declares Jihad against the Jews and calls for all Muslim countries to join Hamas in Jihad against the Jews
Hamas created by Israel similar to ISIS by American 👈
In sone countries in Asia, Asis were died because of greediness and teaching children to become greedy in money and power. Asis principle was, " if you do not like me, you're dead." They sell drugs and make women their own prostitutes. Layman.
Fuck Jizrael. Forever.
For days on what's Isreal nation doing in Palestine nation by destroy all building or resistant or kill those people are innocent and suffering from depression and robber those Lands and economic totaly collapse   , just why's all the time by too hate or painfully lost they family members and friends and relatives  , so what's they wanted to revenge or joined undergrounds force  ( Hamas force  ) to defend own nation and people of Palestinian  , on your country attack by others country same as Palestine nation  , how you feeling  , it means totaly isolate those Palestinian people and nation  . Who's country can support and helping hands to stop and ceasefire both sides nation  , We everyday read news on Palestine nation people attack by Isreal nation  .
Israel had a wall and it was breached by terrorists. Now the terrorists are calling for a ‘Day of Rage’ worldwide and our border wall has been essentially abandoned with wide open gaps. So how many terrorists have crossed over? Can Biden or any of his minions answer this question? How many military aged men and women entered this country from countries that are our adversaries, have entered our country that we have no idea where they have gone?
24hrs is enough for Hamas terrorists to escape with the 1M Gazans.
I stand with Israel, you have my prayer and support. I hope you win your whole holy land back, and never let other parties to falsely claim it again in the future.
The truth must be told. In the history of mankind there has never been a Palestinian people. Palestinian people is a hoax of the 20th century. They are Arabs who have at least 18 Arab countries.
Civilian of Gaza will not flea because why father mother elderly doughter and son ware the fighter of hamas only
We should disallow propalestinian  rallies too.. violence might erupt and all those muslims may be doomed again...
Surely some Hamas ground Commanders already crossed the Egyptian borders. Stay strong Israel 🇮🇱 The world is with you all the way 🇵🇭💚🇮🇱👊🙏
We stand with you  Israel from South Africa 🇿🇦
Supporters of Hamas in USA need to be arrested and prosecuted as terrorists.  Any that are not citizens need to be deported after prosecution and prevented from ever returning on pain of death.
Israel does not belong to European immigrants or arab immigrants the original peoples of that region were black jews all the jews were black people do your research stop lying stop stealing god is watching you he is going to destroy both sides cuz they both have satanic leaders doing the devils work not gods this is a war between essau and ismael over land that is not theres black people original Israelites not israel lies😂😂😂
"The hostage situation is most complicated that world have ever known. Have you ever heard about about terror attack... thousands killed... hundreds captured... meat shield..."  Yes i have heard about things like that. I've seen them on TV when i was young. It was a different place, but still...
Supporting and holding Israel in prayer from New Zealand.
leave and go where, Israel has been trying to push the Palestinians to Egypt for years. Israel is nothing more than a murderous apartheid state
This is rotal mafness, how should they leave? How should they cross the border of the total blockade? Israel is committing genozide,  STOP THIS KILLING OF INNOCENT PEOPLE. HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THE HOLOCAUST? YOU DO THE SAME TO GAZA
Thank you i24 and Ms. Nicole for the news coverage and sharing this video. The Israel Nation should strike back with great vigor and crush the aggressor, the massagers and brutal killers!  At least the Israel Government is giving a 24 hour warning to the families in Gaza to move out of Gaza, anyone left after 24 hour deadline are Hamas & sympathizers of terrorists and the Nation of Israel should demolish all buildings with air fire power above ground and destroy all bunkers underground in Gaza!  May The Hebrew Almighty God Bless its People and Strengthens his chosen People! As a Gentile in Papua New Guinea I sorry this has happened rather than this be taken to the International Form like the United Nations Forum.  I was just thinking aloud here that we in PNG one of the Third World countries just got a little civilized and learnt some English and wore trousers and modern clothing in the last 40 years and if this happened in a Third World country maybe there would be some excuse that they have not been fully civilized but this are people close to early civilizations and yet Hamas and its supporters are not able to show civilized nature to take this to the United Nations Assembly!  Are we less civilized or is Hamas and its supporters civilized??? You be the Judge!  Shalom Shalom to The Nation of Israel!
Almighty God please help Israel 🙏🇮🇱🇵🇭
All these palastinian sympathisers all over the World should be DEPORTED BACK TO GAZA. Declare them Persona-non-grata.
This is nothing more than a religious war against non Muslims. Religion is a choice, being a Jew is no choice. The rest of the world should wake up and be warned.
They trying to save their lives. If it was in G khan, Israel would roll over them.
BLESSED TRANQUILITY AHEAD OF TIMES F🌐R W☮RLD._!
The sea is the only alternative to get the people out. An international flotilla of recue ships might be the only way out.😢
The UN needs to ask Hamas to surrender and stop this hellstorm. They can't win and Hamas is just continuing the suffering and death.
The truth must be told. In the history of mankind there has never been a Palestinian people. Palestinian people is a hoax of the 20th century. They are Arabs who have at least 18 Arab countries.
There is no excuse for HAMAS and other  terrorist killing innocent Israeli babies, children and families , of course ISRAEL must respond!
https://youtu.be/3yg7YJIHxcs?si=EhSqvb3ed5vaTeKW
Level the Gaza Strip Yahoo I got your back I'll stand beside Israel any day of the week
Israel will crush Hamas and guess what the hand of G-D is with Israel. Abduls and those that support palestinians can continue crying and be keyboard warriors
I am against wars and I don't stand with Israel or Palestine.  Hamas started the war and killed innocent people. They played stupid games and will win stupid prices.
You are watching buildings full of innocent people being destroyed. No food and water. The Israeli war crimes are adding up.
Israel is more than striking back.  Days of bombing innocent civilians goes beyond any proportionate retaliation.  Stop killing.  Find a solution besides USURPING MORE LAND.
If those Palestinian want to support the devil Hamas, then join them in hell.
It's a miracle that Palastine,Siriya, Iran and Lebanon still exists on Earth
Look how the anti-Israel protests are full of white women. Everybody in academia knows that no one hates the Jews more than liberal leftist white women, and this should be addressed in the media, even if too late.
Isreal bombed the exits.... How are they suppose to evacuate?
So, you mean to say they precisely know which buildings Hamas is in, and yet their intel failed to avert such a huge attack on the 17th. Doesn't sum up. Simply put, they are flattening the Gaza strip. The intention is clear - starve Gaza to death. You are not after Hamas, you are after civilians.
GOD FIGHT FOR ISREAL
So many demands from the people who’ve played victim for over 75 years. Don’t you believe these people of lies
Thanks brave Israelis for clean up this Hamas terrorist group to make a better world. Even through when many others will say you are bad guys.
A Bad Call: I have a feeling that Gaza is going to become a wasteland, like an old abandoned car parking lot. Well, everyone in Gaza must thank Hamas for this eventuality, it is their hate-bad karma that is returning to them 10 times stronger.
If u r so caring ; why do u want the genocide of the people u hv kept in a cage called Gaza
May the true One and Only God of the Bible and protect Israel and Mr. Netanyahu.
After what Israel did the last 7 days and complaining about nor warnings to tell your people to ignor the warning is just unbelievable. I dont have words for such evil.
All Pro-Israeli supporters are forgetting that Israel is an Apartheid state, even if you don't see yourself that way, that's how the rest of the World perceives you
It's time to get this s*** over with
Gaza, quit crying and pay your comeuppance for aiding and abetting known terrorists
This is so sad all round.Evil warmongers on both sides.
Wow good for you France! No tolerateing this evil.
Irony here is Israel used Hamas to counter HIZBULLA TERROR in Gaza,  This is what you call sucker punch
🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 ❤❤❤❤❤ 🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Pack em to Pakesse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yg7YJIHxcs
UN IS DICTATED TERMS BY ISRAEL ?NOT OTHERWISE...DISSOLVE UN IMMIDIATELY...SERVE NO PURPOSE.
Revelation 3:9 (KJV) "Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee" Demons have taken over Israel..
Adding western rallies to the mix claiming support for Hamas maybe they just want Palestinians to be free and be able to live on their land without being bombed consistently. Did you forget the war crimes?
6:30 why would it weaken their cause? The entire world is being warned: anyone in Gaza that stays is volunteering as a martyr for Janna - they are globally announcing their next war move. How much more civil does israel have to get here
God bless Israel!! May God keep their blessings Shalom
The battle in Y'sra-el has over-shadowed the conflict in Ukraine; the L-RD G-d of Y'sra-el will will do the work and we will reap the victory.
US is precipitating a ruse as u dervover for ethnic cleansing . ISRAEL WANTS NO NON JEWS IN ITS TERITORY . SO WHY CONDEMN HITLER FOR EANSING GERMANY ? Maj gen IA vetrans
people on both sides are evil
תודה על השיתוף
I sure they will give them more time,they want to move first.Once they move,they going wait before moving in.
The hatred from this is going to last for centuries if not forever there is no way out unless the Jews leave and I can't see that happening
There’s a report on IDF channel that Israel have rescued 250 kidnapped people in Gaza. Why is there no news about this?
Miri is Awesome.
THE ZIONIST ISREALIAN ARE NOW INVITING WAR TOWARDS THEIR NEIGHBOUR COUNTRIES!!!
It's going to be bad when they start beheading the hostages on live stream...
Glory Glory to Israel ❤❤❤
what if Hamas evacuates south along with the civilians?!
The Palestinian have to leave there last  bit of land.  Just how  much land does Israel want...no wonder the middle east is in a mess.    Israel will win.but at what cost!  If they go under ground. Israel has  bigger problem!
Send Charlie Sheen in give me a f****** break
Not everyone will stand for Israel expect a reaction. You can’t act all innocent and like a victim just because there was an incident that can’t be matched with the level that Israel has already inflicted on the Palestinians for 75 years.
What is this FAKE NEWS???? Propaganda at its best!!!!
The Palestinian people are victims of Hamas
I wonder where our "greatest ally" plans to send its enemies?
👍👍👍
Israel has runout of mercy. They test Israel, now they savor it.
For more than 70 yrs, d Palestinian ppl hve suffered coz of Israeli zionist brutality against d innocent population. Israel not only kills d Palestinian ppl, their land is confiscated, they are driven out of their homes. Hundreds maybe millions of Palastinian lives that died, but the world just turns a blind eye and shuts its mouth. Israeli zionists are real terrorists and real killers, greeedy and arrogant. Hamas only defends their land that was seized by Israel. Pls use yr common sense to think, NOT hatred. ❤🙏
Mlm.    M.
HOW COME YOU CALL PLASTIAN IS HAMMAS??? PUT EYES WIDE OPEN THESE ARE GENOCIDE CLEANSING KILLING MURDERING INNOCENT CITIZEN IN PLASTIAN.
The terrorist are underground, good luck. The U.N. help ? Thats laughable. What people fail to realize is this event has the possibility of spreading world wide. Everybody, not just Isreal, or palistine, but everybody needs to be on alert! Any place with a large Jewish or palistine presence is a target. Hezbulla has ties to Iran, and there are 200 million of these terrorists.mostly in the Middle East.
very balanced propaganda 😪
Israeli are killing children women civilians murdering them prove ur killing hamas
Remember war is cruel May the best man win
Israel flatten the Gaza!
Its good that Israel gave them 24 hours... its more than enough to head to the egyptian border. Turn all Gaza into ruins so that Hamas have nowhere to hide their rockets and tunnels
The Jews aren't messing around. Hamas must be stopped
Evacuate in 24 hours ? There cannot be a clearer statement of intended mass murder, where would they go, is a huge population…… this is murder.
No idea what they expected no matter who is right if you attack your going to get hit back !! Didn’t Hamas think about that or did they expect to attack Israel and it be ok?
Now suffer the consequence you idiots! Do not ask for a ceasefire!
dont hold your breath, Taiwan warned of the virus outbreak and of human to human transmission, it took WHO to tell the world another month. UN are probebly deciding if there is a real conflict or not because it doesnt want to recognise Israel.
Ground invasion incoming. Hamas, your end is near.
We Christian in the Philippines stands and pray for Israel
And you will see them exposed to the Fire, fully humbled out of disgrace, stealing glances ˹at it˺. And the believers will say, “The ˹true˺ losers are those who have lost themselves and their families on Judgment Day.” The wrongdoers will certainly be in everlasting torment.  Ash Shuraa 45
Where is the freedom and democracy when USA recognise the annexation of Palestinian land by Israel many year ago  After forcibly evicting Palestinians from their land I do not support HAMAS  terror, but this is duplicity
How about Israel tell Russia to get out of Ukraine.  Or the UN tell Israel to get out of Palestine.  And how about WE tell Israel to get out of the world's financial and economic concerns.  Enough of the garbage already, Israel is not the only victim of the last 100 years.
Why are you attacking Queen  Rania far out you are soo deceptive.
This a horrendous crime to threaten population to vacate their jomelend. We are back in age of Ghengiz Khan !
*ISRAEL WAS A MINORITY IN PALESTINE THEY NOW OWN ALL OF THE LAND!*  The Balfour Declaration was a public statement issued by the British government in 1917 during the First World War announcing its support for the establishment of a "national home for the Jewish people" in Palestine, then an Ottoman region with a small minority Jewish population. The declaration was contained in a letter dated 2 November 1917 from the United Kingdom's Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour to Lord Rothschild, a leader of the British Jewish community, for transmission to the Zionist Federation of Great Britain and Ireland. The text of the declaration was published in the press on 9 November 1917.
IT IS MORE ASTONISHING WENT THE ZIONIST ISREALIAN ARE ALLOWING MURDERING BLOODY GENOCIDE CLEANSING ETHINC BABIES INNOCENT CHILDREN UNARM WOMEN!!!
1942 Warschau is todays Gaza. It was the Nazis bombing into the jewish Ghetto. Now just the roles have changed. Thanks for the US bringing in humanity with a aircarrier... LOL
Iran's underestimating this. Israel's gonna fuck everyone up. Real bad. Was I the only one that heard Bibi say he's going to turn Gaza into an island? I'm afraid this may be the final showdown. WW3 is near.
We're scattered but we're one in the Holy Spirit praying for Israeli victory against terrorists.
The problem is that muslims cant live together with other. Every where in the world is the same problem. Muslims are brain watch by crazy leaders in Islam. Iran Afghanistan, Hamas, Hizbollah, Saudi, ISis and so on, same shit for the people, no freedom.
UN get out!
Why is Israel killing innocent people if this lady here is saying they have the higher moral ground ?
Of course Israel would want people to evacuate northern Gaza, so they can freely swoop in and claim more land for Israel. Next, they’ll recommend evacuation of other areas so they can claim them, too. They’ve publicly made it clear that they want to eliminate ALL Palestinians, because they consider them “animals”.
Children are getting murdered by the Israeli army
The Muslim Arabs NEED TO CHECK EZEKIEL 32:39🎉   BEFORE THEY GET A SURPRISE OF THE DEATH.. 2nd death..
Israelis will never defeat guerilla forces. What you need to do is stop stealing Palestinian lands and treating them as unequals. That is the real solution to your problems. Israel is an infant nation, not very mature yet. They think like Amricans, brutality will solve all problems. It does not work like that. You are too immature to understand.
Praying for Israel and Palestine 🙏  Terrorist don't have place on this world!!! ✌  Let PEACE reign! ❤
These Israel dogs never learns. Netanyahu is ignorant and too stupid to te thaught.
It would be nice if the Palestinians could have the opportunity to evacute before the get slaughtered. The middle east wont stand by and let this happen. Welcome to WW3.
How many Americans are now being killed by all the bombing by Israel 😳      Are we gonna pretend that there are no U.S. Citizens in Gaza and Palestinian territory 👀
Bibi, Oct 7 2023 will be remembered has the day you showed your incompetent face to the israel citizens, as the day that the joke of your government caused the death of thousands of its people, as the day that you guys didn't manage to destroy the supreme court institution.  Bibi, you are done, Ben gvir and smoutrich, you are done. There is unity in the country again and it is not thanks to you. Please, Bibi, go to retirement and diseappear from the Israeli political scene together with your miss piggy wife and your sick nauseating son.  It is time to leave the space for a new generation of young political leaders who will serve instead of using the institution for their personnal benefit. 😡
All Gaza populations must be shifted to the West Bank. Gaza should merge with Israel .
Any person supporting air strikes on innocent civilians is a nazi scum. There are no arguments. Absolute 100% scum.
Hamas attacked with paragliders and AK47's , Israel retaliates with airplanes and tanks , hardly seems proportional
NETANYAHU, THINKS HIS IN WAR WITH '''HITLER,'' SO SAD..
All these comments saying God bless Israel… seems like God has nothing to do with either of them.
To Evil organization of UN listen this is the answer for you if you will  "The Lord foils the plans of the nations; He thwarts the purposes of the people. But the plans of the Lord stand firm forever, the purposes  of His heart through all generations. Blessed is the nation ( Israel) whose God is the Lord, the people He chose for His inheritance."  UN are good for Nothing!
the whole world now sees america as weak and with no or limited millatray might and weapons as shown in ukraine
That's a pipe dream. Israel is driving Palestinians further off their land. Reminds me of the German death camps.
Pia, slow down and take a breath 😅  You're giving me anxiety listening to your motor mouth gosh.  I have to mute her when she speaks 😅
Hamas is not going to let the people leave.They need human shields.
What Israel is doing all the countries in the world will do it even a warning.
F*** the Palestinian civilians they new what was fixing to happen. This is what happens when you let a terrorist organization take over your country dumbasses
I dont support hamas, but want to point out a sad  possible truth. These guys talk about how the western leaders and its people are not on the same page. These guys, are talking about the disappointment, but i see this is as an underlying problem with most of the world now.  Maybe, the people in power now are not in touch with people of today. Governments fulfill many roles, but i think there is one role they should definitely fulfill and it is to be the will of its people. Pretty sure them acknowledging this difference is a sign that the government may not be acting in the interest of the people they govern. Although, we already know that politicians do not do anything unless its in their interest (personal enrichment through wealth, power, or influence). That said, its ridiculous that people are supporting hamas and their behavior, but i see israel doing awlful things as well but somehow they are in the right cuz safety???  revenge???
fighting BACK?? Until the kill ratio is back at 1:100? Hamas has fought 1 day, now Israel will kill for months.
The UN should help in  releasing the hostages not to disturb here in gaza 😂
NOT ONLY THAT BLOODY BEAST ZIONIST ISREALIAN CUT WATER SUPPLY AND ELECTRIC IN GAZA!!! YOU GOT THE GUTS FOR CONDDAM PLASTIAN IS HAMMAS!!! PLASTIAN IS NOT NOT NOT HAMMAS!!!
Palestines civilian must evacuet now.israel very anger
Hamas are monsters. To behead babies is beyond being human. God will repay!
Israeli occupiers cowards
All you Palestinians that are on the streets of New York,Paris, Australia, Canada & different places on the globe go to you home in Palestine and fight for your country like the Jews did in Israel! Why are you hiding in the democracy while you are not! God bless His people Israel! God will send to Israel the Prince of Peace the Almighty God !
This is muslim warfare during all their history against the infidels. In other words , non muslims. Brace yourselves, Satan is showing his face.
UN is responsible to evacuate all civilians from Gaza
How many countires are going to take in refugees? So far 0
They are  in a consintration camp where  they  going to  go?, duh.
Lot's of hamas bots in the chat
IDF you do everything ! May the place named Gaza be goon and may the hamas be goon
Israel is fighting H for all of us, so we don't have to host their idiocy in our own countries.  Thank you.
News keeps repeating the same thing over and over. They keep talking and talking and repeating the same thing. People aren't dumb, the obvious is obvious and those in charge aren't going to broadcast everything so cut the nonsense and stop repeating the same story. This is a war between good and evil, period.
Israel went too far. This is their fault.
To hell with that prejudiced azz UN always against our LORD GOD JESUS CHRIST's chosen people. Prayers 🙏 for Israel
Simple question ! who is the first living in the area of current Israel area ?. If it is Palestinian , then Israel people shall return all area to Palestinian! You cannot just invade the area and said it belong to you !  No one welcome strangers walk in their house and occupied it saying this house now belong to the invader
Turn Gaza to sand send a strong message so attacks like this never happen.
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
Yes it is terrible what Hams done, but that doesn’t give Israel to do the same thing to people of Gaza. It’s apparently disgusting. Blinken should check other pictures as well. Hamas and Israel should be ashamed.
Indian Tv news channel saying 250 hostages rescued by Mossad , great to know it  please would i24 give an update regarding this news, is it true?
At very first where did the Israelites come from to settle in Palestine? Every life matters! STOP KILLING.
It's terrible,but what did they (H) expect.
Praying for Israel. May wisdom from on High be upon their leaders
Where are they going to go. Israel has cut off all entry and exit. The heavily guarded border with  Egypt is almost inaccessible.  Netanyahu is committing  war crimes Thus is going to be worse than the killing fields of cambodia.
It's terrible,but what did they (H) expect.
Get your asses out bottom line stay strong Israel and don't let up
Israel showing is true face for the every world! Sad for the good israelians who are against the fascist regime.
😂after this its christians vesa s jews what an crazy world we are living in
Satan & Lucifer are the cowards😮that St.Michael & San Gabriella will destroy in the Hamas by the G😊D of Israel🇮🇱. WE=mc2 from the U.S., Rome, & Italia are with THEE=mc2,  always😅. Now Let US BE=mc2😂1!
Make Gaza Dresden Again
Israel, give back all the lands you have snatched from the Palestinian people. You are doing to the Palestinians what Hitler did to you during holocaust.
Read max Blumenthol
THE PROOF IS ZIONIST ISREALIAN CREATING WAR TOWARDS MUSLIM!!! IS CLEAR THAT MURDERING ON PURPOSE BRUTALLY TOWARDS BABIES INNOCENT CHILDREN UNARM WOMEN FOR SO LONG DECADES!!! PLASTIAN CITIZEN ARE BEING DEHUMAN DONE BY BRUTAL ZIONIST ISREALIAN!!!
God bless Israel. Stop to all violence and hatred.
Oh jerusalem How Gods heart would thrill you say messiah has come turn again to worship adonai Yeshua you will know shalom Jerusalem israel peace be to you when Yeshua comes to take us home may His praise be found in you I pray💥🌹
Someone needs to stop these Israelites I don’t understand why these nations think by military u can achieve goals
God pls protect and bless israel,we are praying for u🙏
Palestinians in gaza are willing accomplishes of hamas brutality towards israeli civilians so if they dragged their feet to evacuate from gaza,they will die with the terrorist.
To all hamas terrorist palestinians and your families, "OOPS UPSIDE YOUR HEAD, I SAID OOPS UPSIDE YOUR HEAD!
Israel is fighting against its fate !!! Just like everybody else !!! It's tragic for all the victims !!! 😮😮😮
Islam is evil! Muslim Allah is Satan. God bless Isarel and people of goodwill.
Barbarian Hamas and the lot...no place for them in civilised society.
well "israel"/terrorist bully nation dont own gaza and the "un" terrorist bully organization dont own gaza ... gaza is only like 26 miles by 6 miles and "good guys" israel is killin innocent people so either they get off on killin innocent people or dont have 1 solid "target" ... Just sayin ...
I stand with Israel 🙏🏻 prayers to all occupants of Israel 🙏🏻
Why do they get the entire world involved? Israel doesnt need help. Gaza is the worlds largest open air prison on earth. Fish in a barrell. Should the world go to war? No. Allow them to handle their own business. America cannot fund all of these wars, we have issues at home!!!
God bless Israel!! “Fight the good fight of faith.”
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Tiz6INF7I
Be Happy and be strong 💪 our prayers blessings for You all dear brothers and sisters amen 🙏🏼 😊
Why isn't there any video of Ukraine like this
Hamas terrorist will blend with the Palestinians leaving..
Prayers for Israel 🇮🇱❤️🙏
Israel has had enough and now they are going to see the wrath of Israel .
The protesters in America don’t belong here , they have no love for our country. We stand with Israel, may God protect you and smite your enemies.
Israel needs to just flatten gaza.
As usual, the racist Israelis think they are entitled to do what they want. You have no idea the repercussions of this. Mossad and IDF have been embarrassed and they are compensating for their losses by doing what the American idiots love to do....brutality. Israel, UK and USA are the world's most depraved terrorists. Also your double standards on Russia-Ukraine are exposed.
https://youtu.be/8PH4Ydegte8?si=lXkUcVGOToKht6UL
May God rest and peace those innocent Israel people souls✝️ those people killed by vampires 🧛‍♂️
Free Palestinian 😂😂😂😂🐍👅👅👿. Ask freedom from JORDAN 🇯🇴 👿👿👅😂😂👅 ASK FROM MOHAMMED ALLAH AKBAR BOTH ARE BURNING 🔥 IN HELL AND WILL PUNISH MORE AND MORE FOR ALL MOHAMMED BELIEVERS LIARS SINNERS ANTICHRIST 👅🐍👅👅🐍
Who cares what the stupid biased UN says
IDF . . . ALWAYS warn the innocent civilians to evacuate their premises and bombing area in advance of IDF's rocket attack.  Anybody over the age of 18 who refuses to evacuate  Has chosen to commit suicide  Yet  Many people will still blame the IDF for their deaths.  Not so innocent  "blame shifters".
Hamas has a warren of tunnels below Gaza that should have and could be re-purposed for Palestinian needs... 🇿🇦🕊🇮🇱
oh there will be a day of rage. there will be many days of rage. just not the kind hamas was hoping for.
Where was MOSSAD?
APRIL 9, 1948 / ISRAELI TERRORISTS MURDER 100 + DEFENSELESS ARAB CIVILIANS AT DEIR YASSIN  Jewish terrorists (Jewish Partisans from WW II) will carry out many mass murders in the months leading up to the formal establishment of Israel. The DeirYassin Massacre is most notable for its brutality. Fighters from the Irgun and Stern Gang paramilitary groups attack DeirYassin near Jerusalem, a village of roughly 600 people. More than 100 helpless victims, including women and children, are murdered. Some are shot; some have their throats slit open, while others die as hand grenades are thrown into their homes.Several villagers are taken prisoner and killed after being paraded through the streets of West Jerusalem. The strategic aim of the massacres is to terrorize the Palestinians into fleeing from their villages, which the European Jews with adopted Hebrew names will then takeover.
Of Biblical proportions.
Tehran could become a sea of blackened glass if they persuade other radical islamist leaning States to attack Israel. The US will be at war with these proxies and the Nation States that supports  such attacks. God help us all.
I stand with Israel #SayNoToTerrorism
Since 622 the Christian and Jewish World have been attacked. Time for the Dhimmi's is the West to get educated in Islamic Scriptures and understand that they want you dead or living as 3rd Class Dhimmi's in their Caliphate.
The sad thing is our president gave Iran billions of dollars and from what I understand other things to that would equal about 50 billion which is so disgusting! But I am very thankful that they are standing with Israel we must!
The Palestinian Authority is an authoritarian regime that has not held elections in over 15 years; it has been criticized for human rights abuses, including cracking down on journalists, human rights activists, and dissent against its rule. (wikipedia)
KILLING MURDERING ALLOWING ON PURPOSE GENOCIDE CLEANSING ETHINC PLASTIAN CITIZEN KILLING MUSLIM PLASTIAN BY THESE BLOODY SHITT ZIONIST ISREALIAR!!!
Israel is an Abomination, a crime against God! It's time to find some humanity as 75 years of genocide, apartheid, state terrorism, stealing land, homes, and destroying homes, is SATANIC! FreePalestine from these Satanic Demons, the Synagogue of Satan!🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸👍🙏
Israel need not worry about any war convention rules as they are replying to terror attacks. It is Palestine mistake to let terror groups inside their allotted area.  Hamas fired bombs from palestinian houses.
Trumps 'Deal of the Century' doesn't look so terrible now.
India stands with Israel 🇮🇱 🇮🇳.   Our prayers 🙏 are with our brave Israeli brothers
Haman the great enemy of the people of God is still, God bless Israel
The Devil is with the Terrorists and Leftists! #Hamas #Evil
If a gathering of people around me are yelling death to USA I'm taking that as a death threat, my life and the lives of those around me is now at risk, I may spray in self defense.
NAKBA 2023 😂
Hamas is composed of sick twisted sociopaths. Netanyahu and his goons are cut from the same cloth.  (And you can throw Russia's  Putin and America's ReReichlicans into the same bag)  They are all psychotic sociopaths'
I do not respect to Israel people and government any more , it is. Evil to swap out another tribe to other place , finally show their cruel
They should only let women and children leave because you don't know who's hamas and who's not, last thing we need is them released in the world
There are Christian pelestines who are persucuted by hamas
This time I hope world community completely discard any soft sentiments supporting civilian Palestinians as they brought it on themselves by voting for the despicable Barbaric Hamas. I would have suggested a more necessary need by giving 2 to 3 days for Palestinians to move to Egypt. This is because sanitization of Gaza has to be done in such a way there cannot be any Hamas nor any human to carry any weapon in Gaza in future. In a later return of these Palestinians a proper review check to see they return without any weapon or large knife objects. In the sanitization process a great need is to identify underground tunnel openings and total block & debris filling for non-usage of tunnels in the future. All civilized people should understand that some Arab Nations and Muslims are still crazy in supporting a non-problematic Palestinian people (Actually they are not Palestinians but migrated Jordanians and Syrians brought in by the Ottoman Rulers in 1516 as against valid heritage owners Israelis of 3000 years ago).. The Western Nations can easily put strictures and deport problematic Arab Muslims to their stupid nations as they all are supporting the Devil's Stone-Age cause.
Palestinian and Isis Hamas all BLOODSHED GREEDY FOR DRINKING BLOOD AND GET MONEY 💰 FROM WESTERN COUNTRIES BUT IT WILL PERMANENTLY END WITH HAMAS ATTACK LAST WEEK NOTHING AND ANYTHING WILL GET THEM AMEN 🙏🏼 AMEN 🙏🏼 THEY ARE DOING BUSINESS ALL ISLAM BELIEVERS ARE ANTICHRIST AND TERRORIST Business men 🤣🤣🐪🐪🐪🐪🔥🔥👅🔥🐍👿👿
Terrorist next to UN trucks! While UN is by Hamas is by Hamas and other Islamic terrosist, may God be by Israel. Israel did not startthe war. May God bless and protect His chosen people, Israel, in fight against evil.
China, Russia, North Korea waiting for signal, the sleeping dangerous Country in the world
Palestinian lands have been occupied for years and while the Palestinian people were systematically destroyed, no one cared; Israel is a terrorist state.
Israel was always after the land.
There is a SIMPLE solutiont to this problem and that is for Palestinians themselves to kickout Hamas from Palestine. Problem solved! Stop, stop, stop supporting the TERRORIST group Hamas! Hamas is famous for hiding weapons in schools, mosque and hospitals and for using civilians as human shields. For diverting millions and millions of aid from schools and hospitals to buying and gaining military weapons. Hamas does NOT believe in peace. Hamas does NOT believe in equality of sexes and of the rights and free speech of Palestinians and woman rights? Hamas takes pride now in taking hostages children, mothers, grandmothers and foreign nationals. Hamas is NOT Palestine. Vote Hamas out! Kick Hamas out! You will than have peace again.
God not allows that his people hurts   of enemies...
ALL NATIONS WILL NEVER EVER FORGET THE ZIONIST ISREALIAN ARE RESPONSSIBLE OF MURDERING GENOCIDE CLEANSING ETHIC CITIZEN IN GAZA!!!!
Should have been done years ago.
👍
Turyabaana ba Yesu nituza kuhangura
Oh no, Schlomo sad :( Only killing goy and money can help him now.
We will stand and pray for Israel. Our God does not sleep or slumber, they will know that our God is alive, they will know that our Jehovah Elgibbor is Elohim. Our God will bring justice 🇮🇱
Netanyahu needs to be replaced by a real hawk.
Imagin being a holocaust survivor going through this shit all over again.
Israel giving these civilians warning to evacuate Gaza within 24 hours.That is humanitarian gesture .
Your first class military is suddenly dumbfounded.  Your power-hungry leader is suddenly relevant & popular.  Gaza is annihilated.  Israeli settlers can further bully, steal, & settle in.  Block our antisemitic comments.  Stop our antisemitic rallies.  Congrats..  May God show you the same kindness you’ve shown us...
““The nations must get ready and come to the Valley of Judgment. There I, the Lord, will sit to judge all the surrounding nations. They are very wicked; cut them down like grain at harvest time; crush them as grapes are crushed in a full wine press until the wine runs over.” Thousands and thousands are in the Valley of Judgment. It is there that the day of the Lord will soon come. The sun and the moon grow dark, and the stars no longer shine. The Lord roars from Mount Zion; his voice thunders from Jerusalem; earth and sky tremble. But he will defend his people. “Then, Israel, you will know that I am the Lord your God. I live on Zion, my sacred hill. Jerusalem will be a sacred city; foreigners will never conquer it again.” ‭‭Joel‬ ‭3‬:‭12‬-‭17‬ ‭
LEAVE ALONE  the children  HAMAS !
Since this is Israel's 9/11. Two  years before the U.S.'s 9/11, a tzadik took a picture with shofar, and where the sound comes out, that's where the first plane hit. According to reports, Hamahss had it two years in the making. Like Amos, 'Two years before the earthquake.' In both there's a Muhammad: Atta and Deif. Both did not seek God, and repentance, but both vowed in defiance as in Isaiah 9 : 10. The U.S. opened two fronts: Afghanistan, and Iraq. And just as Tall i bans were religious, so is the party of Allah, in comparison to Hamahss. Do you see the pattern? What's next? Two fronts, almost for certain. I'm telling you before it happens. Why? If Israel doesn't seek its Holy God, and begins Tikkun, this will happen. But it can avoid it. Look! God is telling you, watch out! Come back to God, and don't go and make things worse. Stop, repent, and heal. You will see that I say the truth. Maybe then you'll understand. YHWH is His Name.
hmmm no word about Izraels apartheid course of action resulst in something like that. So no, not 1400 Izraeli were murdered, but rather thats the logical and already empircally proven reaction to decates long mistreatment, the illegal invasion of former Palestina, the fascistic and narrowed view of the occupating izraeli regime. i24 stand so obviously vor idiot24, from idiots for idiots about idiots, and that 24 hours for 7 days a week.
The Zionist Israelis are out to steel the last bit of land dam
Tough decisions, they necessary for safety measures, least they made it known to evacuate the place unlike Hamas tricky evil attack without warning and even denied they do not kill civilians again because of lousy using civilians as a buffer to their cowardice now that Israel strongly attacking them in respond as retaliation., seeing how brutish act to wipe out destroy Israel.
It is the ISRAELIS who should be having more than “a day” of rage, not the Palestinians or their supporters. Hamas is responsible for EVERY single death that has happened to Israelis, Palestinians, and every other persons in that area. Hamas does NOT warn civilians of an attack like Israel does, instead Hamas hides behind civilians and even murders their own people so they can claim it was Israel. Despicable devils! If Palestinians want peace then they should STOP siding with and supporting the terrorist that is Hamas and Iran. They should also stop strapping bombs on their children to murder other people and stop teaching them to HATE everyone and everything. As long as Palestinians support Hamas they too are terrorist, devils and are the enemy of humanity.
So Israel is now dictating to the UN and the World.
Hamas has chosen to sacrifice their civilian lives by their actions.
Israel has forewarned everyone in Gaza and has told the UN to get those civilians out of there. If they don't,  then the results are on the UN, not Israel. I STAND WITH ISRAEL, GOD'S CHOSEN PEOPLE.
Palestine is split even within itself! Yet they point the finger always towards the past. Look to the future seek peace and non violence and israel stop bring so fucking fanatical and greedy.
How the Israel military knows some enemy’s are hide in tunnels or bombs. Send drones or a mini automatic car with cameras 🎥 . Because those tunnels are traps ,.
Pray for Israel that The Lord God of Abraham, Isac and Jacob may gives more power for revenge on the Terrorists
This isn't going to end well for the entire Middle-east region... Godspeed to you all. Let peace prevail.
what should be destroyed is the muslim religion
I would NEVER believe a word from any MSM mockingbird mouths for the war or drug pushers.... These lying parrots included.   We have proof they heard something.....  Some journalism..... Somebody saw some pictures.... There you have it, Lets go  to war and postpone all these investigations, indictments and elections.
Wow..breaking news..
And Iran he's in the bed together with the Devil
Hamas called for JIHAD, not a day of rage. Stop white washing these disgusting slaughterers.
you want that now you are crying, when the first attack you were happy. your wish is your command.
Israel do not want to hurt normal  palestynians to get hurt. Israel do not want war with Palestina. All  is about Hamas, and his terrorists, extremly brutal, not ordinary Palestinians.
All Israelis stay strong. You are in our hearts. All true Palestinians should leave Gaza so the terrorists can be taken care of. After they can return to a safe country and live in peace with their neighbors as human beings.
Stop giving land to terrorists!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THE ZIONIST ISREALIAN ARE MURDERING BRUTAL KILLING INNOCENT CITIZEN IN GAZA!!!
I HOPE THE TALKER IS BEING HOSTAGE,,,SO SHE MAY FUCK HERSELD...PIG TAILS JEWS
Israeli are showing no mercy to civilians  women and children they should not forget table is going to turn America not going to there forever to help so they need to follow some rules of war. Live in harmony. Peace
With you ISRAEL ❤❤❤
UN is probably backing hamas
???
The UN is a major instigator of terrorism and fake news. They are fair game.
Satan and the demons are manipulating those men to commit those acts. Satan and the demos are former angels and they are very powerful and beyond cruel who do the unthinkable. Satan and the demons know they do not have much longer to live because they know they are going to be destroyed by Jehovah. Satan is trying to take a lot people with him.
India ❤ Israel. I support Israel to take over gaza , afterall there was no Palestine in the history. It was just some few decades that the Palestine came into existence and that they are actually an immigrants from other islam countries.(syria,jordan&egypt). The land belong to Israel. Oh jehovah! Be with Israel.
My question what is the country of Hamash ?
Fake news where are the beheading videos talking about Isis the west media is so one sided the rout of the problem has always been about taking land from the Palestinians
Madrid Peace Conference in 1991/invitation to give land to terrorists.
THE SOFT ANGLOSAXON COUNTRIES AND VERMIN LEFT WING POLITICIANS  IN AUSTRALIA, BRITAIN, AND THE  USA ARE ALLOWING VERMIN   HARM US   SUPPORTERS TO TAKE OVER OUR STREETS PERMITTED BY THE VERMIN POLITICIANS.
HAMAS TERRORIST. NOT MILITANTS. NOT GUNMAN. TERRORIST.
I'm not sure if the Palestinian civilians in Gaza can say no to Hamas without getting murdered.
Nothing is worse than those haircutts!
Hamas sucks Palestinians need to vote in a real govt not a bunch of ignorant thugs
The minority that has the time to demonstrate aren't the people who work and pay taxes so clear you opinion. If countries which backed up Israel or the Jewish community for 500 years have a few uneducated demonstrates don't blame all. Since in time of War you in need of friends.  Many Western countries have supported Visas for Jews to leave Russia, the eastern European countries and other regions of repression for them.   Next to that it also shows that in the Western countries they have created a full grown democracy where people can demonstrate if when the next person dislike it.  In a true democracy the government is afraid of the people and the people aren't afraid of the government.
God be with Isreal your people
EGYPT WILL NOT LET THEM IN, 2 MILLION WILL DIE
IDF shouldn’t warn them it makes no sense
All the criminal terrorists will be cowering with the woman and children sneaking out of the country. Did the lowlife terrorist warn the Israelis citizens before they invaded and committed crimes against the Israelis citizens. Its unbelievable how distorted the world is. The western civilization is being destroyed by the hordes of the fanatical masses. We are interning another dark age.
Genocidal Hamas and Isis represent the absolute sick depravity that man can sink to if left unchecked....The bible is very clear 'Murderers will not inherit the Kingdom of God'..All decent people, including those who do not personally know Jesus as their saviour or subscribe to a particular faith, would instinctively condemn and reject such wicked acts that we all witnessed last Saturday...People or nations who rejoice in such evil, are also complicit and are equally guilty of these crimes against humanity and God....The jealous hatred and persecution against the Jewish people has been going on for 1000s of years and will continue unless all nations unite to stop it
study their teaching and don't be naive again and again.
Since 2005 Israel gave Gaza to Palestine for peace but in fact Hamas continues to attack Israel and now is the time for Gaza to be taken back
UN is evil organization they must dismateled.
And the Western world has let these mideasterners flood into their countries for years! The ultimate stupidity!
We stand with you Israel.
The hamas pigs hide amongst the civillians the cowardly swine, and the citizens are harbouring known terrorists
I love Israel IDF 💓💓💓💓tokko
There you go Palestinians praising for the loss of life of innocent people kick their ass out of America now that's my vot
It's very small area of people who are celebrating the terrorist attacks in the US. President Biden has sent Navy ships,ammunition  etc.,  And publicly stated our strong unwavering support for Israel. It's unjust to group all of Americans with these very small protest,that are only located in a few places and not nation wide.
Psy-op
God have mercy 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
May Allah protect the people of Palestine... The western countries are the supporters of the genocide taking place in Palestine by Israel... May Allah destroy the real terrorist aggressors 'Israel, US, EU and all the other backing countries'
Thanks colonel and   i24 news
Followed by indiscriminately bombing civilians of course. I'm sure Lockheed and Martin and thus many of bought politicians are elated.
Sounds reasonable. How much time did Palestinians give Israelis? Stop complaining! Better start leaving now! Go visit Iran, Egypt or Turkey! Friends of Hamas. Maybe next time you might think twice about voting into power a terrorist group!
THE PALESTINIANS ARE TRAPPED
Deport pro hamass screamers
We fight the good fight, AGAINST tyranny and enormous evil...and it doesn't just live in the middle East....I was disappointed...to see in cities in the West...protests supporting enormous evil...😢 Which shows to me, where some mind sets are at ...😢 I Praise our lord 🙏 Jesus Christ...before I, myself, sleep at night, and when I wake in the morning 🌄...I am a decent human being. Keep Heart Oh ISREAL.....Know this...God is with you... PRAYERS 🙏 for ISREAL 🍀
I am standing with Israel 🇮🇱 from down under in Western Australia 🇦🇺 🫶🙏
Basically they are saying "leave so that we can destroy your homes". They are also basically issuing themselves with a license to perform genocide using the excuse that "we did warn you!". This is going to be a genocide.
To all jews - be vigilant....
Don't cry for me Palestine.
I pray for the Peace of Jerusalem and the people of Israel  and opening of eyes and hearts of the Palesiians . Let the prayer of Peace be in your Hearts !
I want governments to make it clear to benefit from living in the West they have to conform to our rules and decent behaviour and supporting Hamas is Contra to living here.
Wake up the Bible is unfolding before our very eyes. Jesus is coming back. God save Israel save uour precious people from the hatred of the Arabs. Ishmael the Arabs are from you. Ishmael you have alway been a wild man like your descendants are today. The Arabs are still wild people.
all non muslim nations if there is a open support in your country for Hamas or khalistan ...you are adding one Sahriya page in your constatation for your kids future.
Everyone seems get it twisted these are people of today not people back in biblical time's. Jews are not chosen people ffs. 👉🥴 Both sides are and have committed atrocities against each other.. fjb.
YES your doing the right thing Israel. GOD protect Israel. The leaders are devils Israel be careful. Ask GOD to help you. HE is famous for helping Israel HE will. Walk in HIS ways they are good. In ancient times the Nephilem were in the land and mixed with people. GOD intended for the land to be totally purged of the monsters. Joshua and heavens army cleared the land of the inhabitants except for Gaza. Just as GOD warned the briars in your eyes the thorn in your side. They aren't humans. Humans would have been getting out of there one way or another when the fighting started not standing around in rubble giving interviews anyone else find that odd? I would love to see an honest truthful D.N.A. sample of one of these.
Hey Miss Mary is 150% right! I hear some new channel people telling O we need water we need power turn back on we need meds we need this and that! Everyone in Gaza could have stopped the terrorist a long time ago but they didn't do anything! NOW everyone is going to pay the price of what the terrorist did!!!
Pray for Isreal
If you turned the whole city to dust, How will that help find the hostages?  You may kill a few hundred of those psychos but you are creating hundreds of thousands of potential future terrorists out of these children that know only destruction, suffering and hunger... Bad all around,
They gon grab some land and expand their border
Israel is doing coward action against the Palestinians civilians.but Israel will also test the pain that they are doing to the civilians.
The reason why Gaza is slow to evacuate is because all of them are sympathisers of Hamas and Hezbollah, many of them really are soldiers may it be men and women with kids. When they fail they will evacuate their soldiers whom they call civilians. Hamas and Hezbollah uses women old individuals especially babies as human shields, when they die they can use it for propaganda.
Most countries at war do not warn the other country they are coming. Still better than the murdered Israeli civilians.
Run .?
I'm in the United States.   People of Israel, you have my unconditional support forever.  👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
At least they given warning  Israel have a heart for innocent people  I pray for Israel God protected Israel  All the people of Israel 🇮🇱
Prayers for the people of Israel who have endured a recent attack by the Hamas terrorist group over the past six days.  The actions of Hamas, a terrorist group that have caused the suffering of Israeli civilians, must be condemned and addressed as a top priority. I strongly agree with the Israeli Defense Minister's statement that 'Hamas, a terrorist group, must be eliminated from the face of the earth.'
Why did Biden give them all that money 50 billion dollars to the Palestinians and I ran give me a f****** break what a bunch of idiots
The third intifada
If the UN are really concerned about the Palestinians, then arrange for an Exodus. All Muslims need to go to Egypt or any Islamic Country. As we know Islamic Countries don't want them.
Anchor is beautiful ❤
The kibutz are illegal settlements on stolen Palestinian land
Cool.
Who knew that Hamas infrastructure includes UN schools, ambulances and healthcare facilities?
La guerra la stanno facendo ai civili infatti già 3600 bambini morti sono crimini di guerra se non interviene ne la CPI o l'ONU interverrà qualcun altro e sarà peggio.
Why didn’t the iron dome work? Was it hacked by China, they have the tech savvy? Biden was bought and paid for by China. Biden administration left American military equipment behind when troops were pulled out. Biden has left our (the US) borders open and even encouraged illegal immigrants to c’mon in along with every terrorist on the planet. These terrorist are implanting themselves in our country now. If this can happen to Israel why can’t it happen to us? We don’t have an iron dome or even a wall.  Now Iran is involved and there is mention of Hezbollah joining Hamas.  This is happening to distract us. Notice how our news media is only focused on Israel and the focus is off the investigation into the Biden’s, no progress is being made on appointing a House Speaker, no reports on voter fraud accuser’s indictments, Biden’s stumbles and fumble reports not in the news.  Is this just a distraction for Americans to shift our attention away from what is really going on? We stand with you Israel. God bless and protect us all.
The truly useless UN can do whatever it wants because it won't help either way. See Bosnia see Kosovo, Sierra Leone, Congo, Somalia, the list is endless of times the UN was worse than useless. From a British soldier who knows first hand.
Fredom for palestine 🇵🇸🇲🇨🇷🇺
Just ask yourself who benefits from the attacks? The Palestinians? Don't think so. The whole thing's been masterminded by the US, Israel and Hamas to destabilise the region in order to sell weapons and keep the US military industrial complex in business and in profit. The wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Ukraine weren't enough so they're setting alight the whole damn region.
If you support hamas or don't out them, you are part of them
The Un needs to evacuate out of every country and retreat right back up Satan's arse
Sinai in Egypt is too big to handle evacuees.
Blacks for Trump 2024! 👍🏽  We are praying 🙏 and support our family in Israel 🇮🇱 💯% !
hamas fight..jo hiding at the skirts of your hostages..or your really a group of coward..fight head on..
The amount of Westerners that blindly support Israel just shows how well Zionist propaganda works.
Dey voted for Hamas , Egypt border is closed Dey need to open dat border. Dat mastermind aka ' the guest' can't b all dat hard to find bec he's in a wheelchair ! Unless he hides among a lota Gaza wheelchair adult males doing 100 m sprint 🤣🤣
they will challenge the world on Friday  but the world will keep the eyes on them 7 days of the week
We SALUTE U ISRAEL, AMEN
Hamas ldrs asking for a "day of rage" what a peace loving message after seeing what they have instigated. I think we should have a day of prayers for the innocent who are being slaughtered from both sides.
Do any of you brainwashed mass media fans remember that the Gaza strip is surrounded by walls and fences that the Palestinians are not allowed to cross? Warning them they will be bombed and to evacuate is a sick joke. May as well tell inmates thier jail will be bombed tomorrow and not let them out. The Gaza strip is known as an open air prison.
What u guys are asking is that every state should force its people to see everything trough their corrupt and morally bankrupt government's eyes or be punished... and you think you're the good ones 😂
It's very unfortunate that this was started by Hama's in Gaza. I understand why they do what they do enough is enough with all these middle East brain washed people.
_it is better for the palestinian will convert to christian than islam..
Iseael is violating every known international law in bombing Gaza!
The UN !! 🤣🤣🤣 Not fit for purpose ! Every spineless terrorist will be running across that boarder dressed as women !
The Jews hav’nt abided by the UN demands to create a autonomous zone, why would anybody listen to these fanatics.
Israel God is with you.
F Hamas
THAT😈 NEEDS TO SIT DOWN AND STOP WITH THE HATE SYMPATHIZERS.. Everyone can see truth... DANCING IN THE STREETS IS SICK.. JEWISH PEOPLE LIVE
🫡🫡🫡🇮🇱🇮🇱🙏🙏🙏🙏🇮🇱🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️🫡🫡
Tactical Nukes incoming...
These Zionist think that they will get away with murder.  They will get what is coming to them. When all is said and done genocide is what we will remember.
24 hours that Hamas didn't give the Israelis. Unfortunately it's also given Hamas time to prepare.
It seems a lot of the protestors are of middle east descent, so the authorities should round them up and deport them. Interesting some of the signs says U.S Imperialism and yet where are they protesting? Inside the great imperialistic nation the US, how ironic. On one hand they condemn America but on the other hand they are living in America reaping the benefits of freedom not having to bow to the demands of a terror group in power, eat drink and screw who ever they want but if they were back home be different story. truly amazing how these immigrants act, not all immigrants but most. If they love their own countries so much why leave them? Some people are so closed minded. God bless Israel, the IDF.
Isreal are doing the right thing, keep on going, people who support hamas are either nieve or support terrorism
F u c k the the letter U in they're not being fired upon are infiltrated tell them Yahoo
Pig tail are fool ,,,you think they wise ,,, 24 hour...is to kill their own self,,,PTUI ,Muslim in jihad will be fine ,,,no surrender and no retreat ,,,,Die for Allah is sacred ...
UN.....unknown for any useful thing...to benefit humanity.
Gazans/Palestines have free will to choose evil or good, peace or war... You reap what you sow. May God bless Israel and all people of goodwill.
Those people who take the side of Hamas should leave the Europe now no exception of you like Hamas go live with them see how long you survive.
Not my problem
Im not jewish or israeli but I am so proud of Israel
Come on guys. We all know that if the civilians flee the soldiers are going with them. They won't stay and fight to the end.
Just like zionist ethnic cleansed jaffa of palestinian into refugee camp in lebanon.. just like nazi move jews into concentration camp.. they are no different
All because a Jewish man had two wives and a child with each we have the birth of islam because two men horn to a Jewish father couldnt get along do to their mothers jealousy, Ishmael and Isaac, Both Jews and Palestinians coexisted for centuries and then came Christianity, All 3 groups have fanatics who despise each other and sow division. Destroy extremism where and when it arises and peace should be a mutual goal of all. I know majority of people know this just adding my 2 cents. Stay blessed everyone 👊🏼
Show the pictures. Stop lying!!! You dont decide what i can and can not handle.
Do these Neo-Nazis think they own the destiny of the Palestinian People? Each People, throughout the History of Humanity, normally decides its future WITHIN its ancestral lands... With few exceptions, as happened with the Jews themselves, taken CAUTIVE to Babylon from 586 to 537 B.C., LIBERATED by Cyrus the Great, King of Persia, the ancient Iran, how ironic today? And now they want to do it with the Palestinian People, similar to how they lock them up in the Gaza Concentration Camp, emulating Auschwitz, Dachau, etc.... What is wrong with this malevolent psyche of the Jewish People, wanting to do with another People, the Palestinian People, the same as they did with Them?
Israel lie machine. What about the Palestinian children trapped under rubbel. What about there parents getting killed. What's not more evil than shutting off the water and power. Israel is epitomy of a racist terrorist state. Very sick people of Israel will inevitably lose everything
☮☮☮☮☮
Primitive Planet.....Decades of childhood BRAINWASHING by cults/religions with the control/help of born psychopaths!
PRAYERS 🙏 for ISREAL 🍀
Hezzzzbolllahhh? No: They'll do-nothing! WHY? Because Joey, leaving his Ice Cream alone for a moment, has given THE WORLD a severe WARNING, and of-course when Joey-says-something the whole world shudders in absolute fear! WOW.
Could Madrassas classes be training grounds for Global Radicalization?
🇮🇱🇵🇭🇺🇲🙏❤️
Thanks
As an Australian, I'm shocked by the behaviour of "refugees" from Palestine in our cities. "Gas the Jews" "f#*k the Jews" what people have we let into our country? How can they say such things? My shock and horror at these facts can't be expressed. Russia is directly responsible for these actions against Israel. May God help us all. If there were a God. Human beings are responsible, many nationalities are represented among the immediate deaths and hostage taking.
Ey dinini dunyaya satanlar yalancilar elinizden ne gelirse yapiniz dunyaniz basiniziyesin vede yiyecek
24:49 May the Omnipotent, Omniscient and Omnipresent Almighty God continue to guide and protects Israel and its people!
The UN are pathetic Israel forget them they are against you
Send Islam back to the 7th century as that’s where they want to live. Flatten Gaza as a sign of what can happen and feed their fighters bodies to pigs.
Israel has no choice. It needs to get rid of Hamas.
Defund UN. It has outlived it mandate.
ya know what stay asleep heard you will believe anything. mark twain once quipped "it's easier to fool a man than convince him he has been fooled"
Reality check: in every muslim nation, there are no minorities (other religion) left/reduced in numbers. But, In countries where Muslim's are minorities, their population  increased drastically.
Cehennem kafirlere zalimlere oyle bir ofkeleniyorki hiddetinden parcalanacak hale geliyor o kucucuk insanin kucuklugugunden dolayi deyil yapmis oldogu katlinden cinayetinden tecavuzunden cezasi deyil bin sene belki miliyonlar miliyarca hapsi ebediye mustahak olusu haktir vede kesindir insallah amin
Abolish religion problems solved both sides won't back down petty people both sides
This has been planned by the evil in the world. US will be drawn into this war and commit resources. US war machine is getting weaker and weaker due to focus on woke ideologies. Russia goes harder against ukraine (and other states?). China will ramp up their war machine against hong kong, taiwan, etc. This is just one  scenario I can see playing out In the end, God will triumph, but we may have to atone for our sinfulness first? May God Bless Canada's Jewish brothers and sisters in Israel
Nice to see how godly everyone is
Watching people support palestine is like watching a cop who witnessed a lady stab her husband and beat herself up a bit then tell him she was attacked and the cop believeing it.
God is the creator of All.I believe the Hamas killers are children of the palestines,its upon you as a Father mother sister brother to take the right responsibility and discourage such animosity from its children/fruit.We Join you in Prayer to Ask God for intervention and Wisdom upon all leaders concerned in this deadly matter.Unity is strengh Divided we Fall Love upon all humanity.Gods protection upon us all Psalm 46 psalm 91.Psalm 23 The Lord be our shepherd❤❤❤
Gaza suffered because of  hamaz terroris
I hear over and over about these atrocious acts of barbarism…over and over….it’s awful.  But I am wondering, I cannot help to wonder, why I’ve never heard the mainstream media report on any of the identical atrocities inflicted upon the Palestinian children and babies at the hands of soldiers who were at war…which is exactly what all soldiers are at when they are in combat.  Does anyone who has seen and knows war find anything other than hideous atrocities within humans at war.  The ONLY thing I know FOR SURE, is that what we are being fed in almost for certain, NOT what is actually going on.   The reaction on the streets of Paris and New York is because people are tired of the LIES!  you LIE LIE LIE.  yes this is horrible, the attacks on all innocents everywhere, the loss of any life to war anywhere is horrid…but you LIE when you tell one side of the story and you use what you do to manipulate us.  Have you no shame, have you no decency, at long last…have you no decency.  No.  You do not.    War crimes you say….ALL WARS ARE CRIMES.
Satan is behind all these evil acts.
the un are a joke and allways have been
Can l come an fight for Palatine people
How about 1949 where your Israelist went to every house and killed the male,  chase the women and children away and grabed their land, hoarded Palestinian  into Gaza and prevented then claiming the land making GAZA an open prison   Nobody made much protest then then
At least you know who your friends aren't... there are still many, many who support you though. And always will.
Where all Gods Children! We will all be judged in the end.
May God proetc and bless Israel and all people of goodwill.
🇺🇲🇮🇱🙏
Israel 🇮🇱 wins in this from evil 👿
Hamas not civilized  animals thats what you are
can we put us soldiers on the ground in the north and at the west bank and warn them not to enter?
Is it time yet to buy a wife????
Where is ICC’s f*king laws which applied to Putin?? 😡Where is f*king Khan??🤬
The disproportion of power and responsibility and oppression is so markedly on one side that if you think the worst thing about Hamas and multiply it a thousand times you'll still not meet the Israeli repression and killing and dispossession of the Palestinians. - Dr Gabor Mate' (Holocaust survivor)  One man's Terrorist is another man's Freedom Fighter   Zionist Money + Unscrupulous Western Media = LIES, LIES and MORE LIES
When was the last time Hamas even cared for their own people?
They aren't kidding, they're going to level the whole area no place for these terrorists to hide .
Stay Strong & Resilient Israel! 🇮🇱🇵🇭
Wow UN got a big heap of problems to relocate. Maybe the boss can relocate them in his country. 😂
this blinken is just as much an idjit just like biden. in fact all democrats are  idjits
The only people supporting hamas in the west are the people with an antisemitic agenda, the vast mayority are just supporting the palestines trapped in Gaza and worried about the war crimes committed against them. That is not a narrative that is a fact.  And maybe tale a look at jews all over the world gathering to demand an extintion of palestines, that is also a fact.
Atomic bomb na pls
Stay blessed Israel 🇮🇱 you win ever  God bless and be with you to protect you
Praying like never before I can feel God‘s heart for your people who are also our people as Christians.
Joe Biden is always talking about Extremists & White Supremacy! He need to start calling out & arresting Hamas Supremacist, they are openly protesting with HATE SPEECH.
If Russia did this to Ukraine it would have been war crimes even if there was a minor attack. Something fishy bet the Jews got the blessing from the world government to wipe the Palestinians out. but speaking of Russia in Ukraine haven't even heard any news about them lately
Israel is a terror organization
Israeli murderers,thieves and liars. How many babies have you decapitated over the years with your American bombs?
Hala atomic bomb naman kaha na ihulog, erase jud nang lugara ba
Israel should stop the land 1:09 belong to the Gaza people
Civilians Must Leave Gaza, For Their Safety , Because Israel Wants To Erase Hamas Tunnels Under Their Residents , Hospitals, Schools... Etc ... Former Paratrooper.
what   kind of kabala    demand  is it?
INDIA with ISRAEL ... we wanna see more actions and the screams of Palestinians should reach New Delhi , India 😘
Why don't you see any Muslim country willing to take them in during this time?
Hammas is the one to be blame for what is all happening  they started the war.
Maybe the world will see what these terrorists are about when they call "RAGE" Maybe then they will fully back Israel!  They are disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The rats is hidings.
The end is near we are facing  the Bible prophecies so let be prayerful because the Lord is coming soon repent
I stand with Israel 🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Looks like hamas bit off more than they could chew.
One ISIS's flag... what a joke
These hypocrites who live in USA yet support Hamas must go and join the war and stop making noise in the streets of USA,these are enemies within the state.they ran away from their own lands because of terrorism and now America gave them comfortable life and they turn against it.
I believe they will see the wrath of the Almighty God of Abraham,Isaac , & Jacob Israel is a chosen people & nation
A day of rage for what you have done to women and children you are murderers and butchers
Iran and Jordan are getting ready to attack !!! Get ready Israel !!
If no one can leave.  If there are 20,000 Hammas. If Israel is hell-bent on briltzkrieg..doesn't that mean death-toll will b 20k.??
Porque Hamás es muy malos, Israel justifica una masacre de niños en hospitales.
Hopefully they will send them to a Muslim majority country and not Europe or the US.
ISRAEL TELLS UN WHAT THEY WANT TO DO???? UN WORKS FOR ISRAEL ??????
If anyone believe your propaganda.... must check their mental status
IT IS ALL THE CELTIC IMMIGRATION THAT MAKES THE USA NEWS READERS  SO BEAUTIFULL.
The worse the disease and the longer it is allowed to go untreated the more dangerous the cure.   Hamas is a cancer the has been allowed to spread through Gaza for too long.  Curing Gaza from this disease is going to be long and bloody and will require long term vigilance so it doesn't spread again.
Palestine must have its own army Israel has no right to invade palestine
UK stands with Israel!
Hmm  I see a New Tent City developing over there.
my heart bleeds for civilians on both sides....what did they do to deserve being killed lyk dat?
There are no innocent civilians, they were dancing in the streets remember???   Case closed.
GLORY TO ISRAEL.
So basically Hamas go on a murder spree, take a bunch of random Israeli's hostage and hid them amongst the 1.1 million hostages they already have in the Gaza strip???
STAY AWAY U.N. DO NOT BLOCK THE ISRAELIS OPERATION AGAINST THE DEMONIC TERRORIST HAMAS THEY NEED TO ERASED THIS GROUP UP TO THE LAST ONCE IN FOR ALL
What help does Israel desire to confront there enemies? 🇬🇧
It would be absolutely foolish for Israel to send ground troops into Gaza if there are any homes and buildings still standing. Unless the Israeli military focuses on the women and children the cycle of evil will continue it's never ending cycle.
And Hamas told the civilians to stay. If I were Palestinian, I would now be thinking, "why would Hamas want me and my children to stay here when Israel are telling me to move?" Who's the bad actor in this picture?
Yes tell UN to evacuate its babies. They have become spoiled brats. A little cry from makes the UN scurry for help! Such a waste of funds!
Yes yes give im shit they asked for it set an example for the rest of the world  and give the same to anyone who supports them inçluding the pope but leave Russia alone and Canada
That's right, you if start killing, raping and kidnapping innocent people you should expect that the other will also do the same to you, Israel will not give a big trophy to Hamas n say thank you, once you start a war be prepared to end it as well, Now Hamas wants to hide behind these so called International Intervention and puppet Human Rights Abuse business companies to hide their evil deeds.🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵
Am Israel Chai.
It’s not war, it’s a battle. The STATE of Israel is fighting the terror group HAMAS, and like a rabid dog is willing to mow down innocent Palestinian lives in order to “win” that battle. The fact that this tactic has failed over and over does not matter in the face of Israel’s bloodlust.
Ham-chicken-ass-islamist in action at speakers corner london. observe these aggressive violent thugs
GOD I THINK NICHOLE HAS FRECKLES. SHE IS SO BEAUTIFULL,  I CANNOT FOCUS ON THE WAR PROPERLY.
You also called Nelson Mandela a terrorist and afterwards you praised him like Yehoshua.
Islam is Terrorist bloodshed RELIGION SATANIC RELIGION MORE IS ANTICHRIST SATANIC PROPHET AND HIS FOLLOWERS ARE ANTICHRIST AND WE WILL FINISHED ALL EVIL DEVIL LIARS SINNERS ANTICHRIST ISLAM BELIEVERS AS. LONG AS THEY ARE SURRENDER TO TRUE WORDS AMEN 🙏🏼 AND  NOT MOHAMMED ALLAH AKBAR 🔥🐍👅👿☪️👿👅🔥☪️👿👅🔥🔥🔥
Those who support Hamas and live in EU countries and get caught doing any sort of act that will put the safety of others into question will be imprisoned make no mistake about that aspect!
People, please be cautious and do your own thinking whenever you are  confronted with pundits who clearly only hammer in talking points for one side in a conflict. Partiality serves no purpose, unless your purpose is to confuse and to further divide people. And please, if you are one of us who is extremely distraught –understandably– by the news that babies were beheaded: that is fake news, brought by Prime Minister Netanyahu's office. Even President Biden said that he saw "confirmed pictures" of that atrocity. But his people quickly had to correct him. Take that nasty picture out of your head: it is Israeli propaganda, designed to blind you and keep you quiet while they attack and punish Palestinian civilians, as they regularly do.
Wake Up Church  https://youtu.be/TQDDQLKc9xk?si=UgrcH6FERIPLYf9U
Evil does not care about human lives ... Whether it is an Israeli or a Palestinian.  Hamass is evil. Those standing with or supporting Hamass are evil as well
Hey you! Evacuate??!..where to? Arschloch😠😡
Hamas wants the Israeli troops to move into Gaza ,so they force Israel into house to house combat ,using civilians as a human shield. All assaults starts with massive artillery , air and missile strikes. This could take weeks or months to level the ground.
ISRAEL'S  " OPPOSITION 70 VIRGIN'S " IS WELL UNDERWAY.  THE VICTORY IS THEIRS !  GOD BLESSES AND PROTECT ISRAEL, THE APPLE OF HIS EYES !!!!!!
The main question is how this brazen confidence is coming from to HAMAS .  The Israel must keep guard itself against dirty weapons which may be in possession of HAMAS . Probably they r supplied by rouge nations like Iran , Pakistan or North Korea .
Now Netanyahu’s dumb self wants to evacuate people after he’s caused all this destruction with them there already! I hope he is charged with Crimes Against Humanity! Also, this lady who is speaking is full of crap because Israel has treated Palestinians horrendously. They treat regular citizens like they are  criminals. it’s unbelievable!
Teleban, Hamas, Al Qaeda, Hezbollah. Iran and Islamic Others are not interested in peace. Never will be, So bring it on!   Suffering in the name of religion is such fun to watch on TV.  The world has had enough.  Islam has proved to be evil over and over again.
No 24-hour warnings were given to Israeli citizens.
Evacuate to where?
It's only 20 km to the Egyptian border...only thing stopping them is HAM arse..
There is always causalities of war and this one is no different  It is unfortunate but Hamas has to be destroyed and the Palestinians will be free of Hamas in the end and better for it
nahhhh ISIS  is inspired by terrorist putin ideology you always blame ISIS but terrorist putin crime is more than ISIS and hamas if you face russia no more hamas nor ISIS will exist this is not religious war this is terrorist putin ideology spreading in arab world we filipinos live in arab world some were victim of evil of arab world but mostly arab world were still peaceful people most arab world generation now a days were brought up by filipino nanny so i know arab world is peaceful already because they are already get filipino culture and character and attitude. so i know this palestinian terrorist idolized russian terrorism its russia who encourage them to do terrorism in israel so that terrorist putin will be out of attention now in international world. its not only iran, lebanon, hezbollah and hamas is the enemy its terrorist putin itself and his tentacles wake up world wake up israel its terrorist putin who war jews zelesnky first
The guy is    good no biased . Warned the islraelis Palestinians to leave now..... can return when safe.....
That's really called the guts...👍
My prayers for israel from Australia 🇮🇱🙏🇮🇱🙏💙🇮🇱💙🇬🇸💙🩷
day of rage wont help hamas satanists.... they should be praparing for their days are numbered...
Well done Israel
This is the direct consequences of state terrorism, oppression of innocent people, land grabs, theft, apartheid and criminally killing of innocent people. Israel asked for it... and they earned what's coming....to them. May God protect Muslims and Palestinians in particular... and punish the wrong downers... Amen...
Israel can't give orders to u.nations
Islam religion is a plagued in our society. The kind of religion of full of hatredness, antagonistic and above all all their deeds is sadism. Since then the evil is driven and sheperding them. And considered to be the most holy? nah, the most demonic to characterized.
This is ethnic cleansing and a genicide. These are warcrimes per international law.
Palestine has a right to defend them selves
Under GOD We Trust! ""WE"! U.S A . When do we focus on ourselves!
get rid of the Gaza strip israel level it relocate people elsewhere not uk we don't want them take Gaza into Israel project for 50 years make it nice place Israel
Muslims… killing in the name of Allah …. Of course, bloody pieces of land …. Dam Islamist religion….
Stupid hamas that’s what you get when you killed Israel people first
A younger person with excellent elocution! I can’t say enough about this!
More people have been killed in Chicago this year...
If UN decides to stay then good get rid of them too
US set the hostage prices at 1.25 billion per hostage...go figure
The UN is more of a complain about stuff than actually doing stuff type organization.
No need to debate on this. Let the civilians find their ways out in 24hrs to avoid be killed along with those useless human beings called Hamas....
Leaders worleide need to say if anything pops of in their respective nations that retaliation will be we will take NONE of their refugees.
Israel would have to be absolutely retarded to stop attacks in Gaza. They stopped every time  and this is what happens when you dont finish threats to your country. In a few years there would be another attack and another and so on.
GOD NICHOLE IS HOT. IT IS DISTRACTING ME.
There is no such thing as an 'innocent' Palestinian. Terrorists, makers of terrorists, and future terrorists.
Gaza has been self ruled since 2005 by a democratic election of Hamas. Israel provides free electricity and water among other things. This is not a fight over territory, it is an idiology that calls for the death of ALL people that do not adhere to their/Hamas religion, it is their religion.  Israel cannot negotiate with peope who call for the elimination of the Jews. Iran, Hamas, PLO etc are not calling for the elimination of a country, they are calling for the elimination of all the Jewish people across the entire world, just like Hitler did.   As for the seige, Gaza has a border with Egypt and even Egypt has said, "Egypt has discussed plans with the United States and others to provide humanitarian aid through its border with Gaza Strip but rejects any move to set up safe corridors for refugees fleeing the enclave, Egyptian security sources said on Wednesday."
Sorta sounds like a genocide of monstrous proportions to me. Yahoo has planned this all along.
Israel killed palestine people about 70 years..how do yo feel if your family all death and your country nothing left.if you not feel nothing you better check your brain in crazy hospital
i still cannot believe what happened, the horrible pogrom in the middle of israel that was not stopped in time, these kids of evil monstrosities happened during the holocaust and in ukrainian pogroms in the 1650's, burning jews alive, cutting toddlers apart, i truly hope the IDF take care of hamas once and for all and i hope the USA does not tell israel to stop in a few weeks, if they do, this will happen again when they re group in a few years
Biden and his administration have alterio motives, he is not for Israel !!!!!!!  Beware !!!!!!!!!
Why not relocate all the Jews settlers to the USA they'll definitely be welcome and leave the PALESTINIAN alone.
As General Patton ssid no new blood for old ground. Meaning  o ce you gain the ground , dont give it up just to make peace only to have to fight for it again .
Does anyone in there right mind and deepest of hearts,  believe this time is any different, then say the last time ? Or the time before that ? Or the time before that ?   Money rules everything  Propaganda rules everywhere  Deception is in everyone's interest ...  So how can this bloodshed end ?   ❤
No matter how hard you try
They put “innocent” civilians in harm’s way on purpose. Because they know they’ll get sympathy when it doesn’t go their way. Yasser Arafat would hand out suicide vests then cry to Clinton when Israel fought back.   Israel has the right to fight back against islamic terrorist. But just wait until bleeding heart politicians start interfering in a long overdue offensive.
"Most dangerous war ever" ? Okay lady!!! But good luck and be quick about it
It is a time of extreme emotion and we can be easily distracted, though we must be strong and focused. Two things stand out and are of the utmost importance.  1-Hamas must be destroyed so they may never do this again. 2-Iran cannot get nuclear weapons or the world is doomed. The day of reckoning has arrived and the civilized world must stand with Israel in order to preserve the future.
Does iran, russia, jordan, syria really want smoke with the best... the strongest ever military of the Great Usa?
everytime they attack, take their land. it's exactly like gambling.
NOT KHHRRMUS. ENGLISH LANGUAGE HAS NO SUCH PRONUNCIATION. CORRECT PRONUNCIATION IS HARM US VERMIN.
got my popcorn ready.. Operation Ground and Pound gonna  be better  than anything on netflix
You can't crush HAMAS or the will of the Palestinian people
Israel is asking the Gazans to evacuate to the South. Does anyone think that they'll be able to get back after the ethnic cleansing of their area?
the UN stands for Palestine terrorists and is a threat to Israel, wouldnt rely of the UN for any action against terrorism
You are really a third world country but very rich... lucky to be european and not american citizen. Burini de merda.
Hamas terrorist must be responsible for this operation.
Think ul find the hostages?
God bless israel forever🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱📖📖📖🙏
AKa "war crimes are only okay when we do them"
HAMAS is just a piece of shit that makes Palestinian people suffer..
Run Forrest ... Run !!
Israel must solve this terrorism problem now and for all the time.
Don’t thank France so highly.  That country also assisted the Nazis in murdering your people.  SHAME!
HAMAS ARE PARENTS  AND KILLED INNOCENT ISRAEL CHILDREN !!
First Hamas and then Hezbollah . Clean em out
They shouldn't need 24hrs to leave, if life is at stake they should be able to clear it with in hours. Gaza isn't that big
This is what hate looks like. This is what hate accomplishes.
Hamas is your consequence, not source
Stop blaming God-humans are doing these things
Long love Israel 🇮🇱
Yes get UNhuman out there. They have never done anything good they are worse than an enemy. Wherever the UN set foot troubke follows soon after.
I’m sorry but they are in the process of creating the next generation of terrorists. War cannot be considered a form of resolution.
is he talking about the Palestine people.  It sure sounds like it
Israel will not do it if hamas group did not commit the worst. They killed civilians. They burn them alive, they beheaded children and tortured to death civilian people who did nothing to them. these people are just partying and unarmed.
we stand with Israel .  99% muslim support terrorism they have shown their real face dose not  matter what hamas did with civilians babies adult  women girls until hamas is Muslim everything is fine .
Thumbs up to France 👍👍👍
Israel should stop d genocide n terrorism acts. Its not even their land where they r settling now… its palestinian land tht they violently grabbed. Israel should return palestinian land to hve peace ??
The Palestinian population elected Hamas to govern Gaza.  They are getting what they voted for.
UN needs to clear out of Gaza completely as Hamas may be hiding under the UN operating grounds - hospitals, schools in Gaza.   Hamas is notorious for making shield of anything they can.
You hate me because I'm Jewish like you, they hate us because you rejected me, mass extinction, floods and whats to come...
Dont being any refugess to canads were full
God bless Israel
I stand by 🇮🇱 🇮🇱 🇮🇱 🇮🇱
Israeli people are totally sick in the head
If we aspire for peace, we have to work for Justice right now, as the rights of Palestinians, Muslims, and the Christians too, by the way, not just the Muslims, Their rights have been taken away as well as their Land has been taken away, they farms have been taken away, many generations have destroyed. And the News Media are supporting that.  It's Important that Islam takes all life as equal.  There is a passage in the Quran Chapter 5 Verse 32,  it states that Taking one innocent Life is like taking the Life of all of Humanity and Saving One innocent Life it is like Saving the Life of all of Humanity. In the eyes of my Lord Super Almighty ALLAH All knowings, In every Life is equal and sacred and precious The Life of a Jew, Life of a Palestinian, Life of a German, Muslim, You agree with that Obviously Right? Of Course and hopefully all humanity agrees, that means our foreign policy should reflect that, and if it doesn't reflect that, then that means if the people see disparity that we are only supporting one person or one Land  and depriving the right of others, thats injustice. Injustice leads to Violence, as where if we have Justice as this could then lead to Peace Right.💯✌👍🆒️1️⃣🇵🇸🤲🤲🤲👌🙋‍♂️
I havexa question how did the terrorist know the irin dome was down?
Random killing… yeah such brave people these sick jews are…
Well,  unfortunately there is only one way to erase hamas/isis ideology when an entire population supports it.     Take a lesson from history, the nations that are here today,  erased entire cultures in the past without any remorse.
God  please protect and keep Your people Israel. PNG praying for Israel.🙏🧡
Hamas wants the people to stay so they can boast high numbers of death caused by Israelis.....................they r happy to sacrifice their own people....................
Like HAMAS said, "There are no innocent civilians." Move or suck it up.
Genocide by Israel is what is happening & the U.S is backing them all the way. The rest of the world condemns their actions. Who are the terrorists? The ones who fight back against their oppressors or the one doing the oppressing? Israel has held the people of Gaza & the W.B in a type prison system. Israel controls what goes in & nothing comes out. They don't give nutritional food. They cut off the fuel needed for power many times in the Winter so people can't make food of keep their homes warm. Many have died over the years because of this. So don't be so quick to condemn the Palistinians. Netanyahu shouldn't even be running the country again. He was booted for stealing money & property. That's why he is trying to reform the judiciary system. He a Fucking crook just like our President Biden. What Hamas did was terrible but it isn't half as bad as the shit that Israel has been doing to the Palistinians for decades. Remember the crew of the U.S.S Liberty!!! F! Israel.
Why on earth do you allow a news bulletin as seriously as this to be interrupted by some inane commercial advert?
It would be no surprise if ISIS fighters were involved. GAZA could have been a safe haven for them as they share the same demonic agenda. I think Israel made the right decision to "challenge" the UN to remove civilians from the war zone. If Palestinian women and children does not make use of this,  Israel can go ahead and do what needs to be done. May God strengthen their resolve in the same way as He did when He gave Gideon victory over the enemy.
Support Israel!!
I’m just surprised that the Jews launched over 1k missiles rather than 100. 😆. Too early for humor??
It seems to me that the entire Gaza is Hamas infrastructure!
They have nowhere to go, Cairo won't let them in. Israel and its shills everywhere. War is war, killing innocent people isn't war, it's murder. Hamas and ISrael are as bad as each other now. They have so much control of the west France and Germany made protesting for Palestine illegal lol. All the conspiracy theories are coming true in this war.
Uummmmhhhhh... i've already heard these words...
How? 1M in 24hrs?
WHY even bother mentioning innocent civilians in GAZA? Israel is the VICTIM.. nobody else....
Israel will destroy GOD willing  those in the north Hezbollah  . They will be flat earther's .
France got kicked out of Niger
Keep it up Israel. Show no mercy
Israel pulled out of Gaza in 2005, I recall the hot debates about how this. A wall was built to keep terrorists out of Israel. Yet these criminals have done nothing with Gaza. It is a dump. Meanwhile everytHing Israel touches blossoms. The evidence is clear that to a younger generation terrorists must be wiped out if you are to live in peace. All speed to the IDF.
Arab countries  Religion of peace Time to step up and take in some of your Arab brother and sister no ?
continue the black propaganda
Hamas telling people to rally!!!!!
💔💔💔💔💔🙏🙏🙏🙏 ISRAEL YOU ARE STRONG!
One of U S great interest is in hot soup, I advise Uncle Sam to remain observing in and out flow of all entertaining into their country. Find out immediately if Putin is not behind that attack, Uncle Sam should remain calm to know the real locations of those captured perhaps H A M A S will have a room for further talks . Above all NATO countries should remain red alert.
u reap what u sow....................very short sighted plan by terrorists..................
Israel invasion of Gaza strip get them as new territory of Israel and all remaining palestinians shall go their own country the Palestines not anymore in Gaza strip
is middle East for the Muslim or Christians
I've had amazing interactions of support USA
So Israel orders north Gaza to evacuate and Hamas orders them to stay in place.  Israel doesn't care about palestinians. They are just doing it to seem good in the eyes of the world.  But Hamas CLEARLY also doesn't care about palestinians. No one cares about them.  They really need to set up a new leadership who will fight and care for them. Fight against Hamas. Fight against Israel. Stand in front of their own people and defend them.
Give me a f****** break all the Palestinians we're in on the attack hey you think otherwise you must be a Democrat
UN SHOULDN'T ALLOW ANY MEN TO ESCAPE TO SAFETY 1ST.. BUNCH OF COWARD MEN IN THOSE COUNTRIES.. THOSE PEOPLE ARE HIDING AND CHEERING TERRORISTS
Deleting comments much?
We are witnessing a genocide in real-time, remember next time when the question arises, where were the German citizens during the 30's and 40s?
THE U.N.   IS  SO VERY UN-BELIEVEABLE!!!!😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮 IT HAS THE BEAST SET UP OUT FRONT OF IT, AS THE PAGES OF OUR OWN GOD GIVEN BIBLE SPOKE WOULD COME IN TO PLAY DURING OUR LAST DAYS , BEFORE JESUS' 2ND  COMING. BUT EVEN 1ST, WE THE BRIDE OF CHRIST, OR, THE CHURCH , AND THE DEAD IN CHRIST SHALL RISE, AND BE TAKEN UP TO BE WITH THE LORD, IN THE WELL-KNOWN😊❤😊 RAPTURE.  ONLY AFTER THEN, SHALL THAT GREAT AND😮😢 TERRIBLE DAY OF THE LORD COME. THEN, ALL WHOM WORSHIP THESE FALSE GODS😮 LIKE ALLAH, AND THE OTHERS, WILL SUFFER THE WRATH OF GOD. THEY WILL HAVE THEIR EYES OPENED😮 BY THE LORD OUR GOD. HE WILL MAKE THEM SEE THEIR EVIL WAS A GREAT😢😢😢 DELUSION.  THEN THEY WILL BE CAST INTO A LAKE OF FIRE. TO BURN FOREVER. AMEN.😢😢😢😢😢
50% of the individuals in Gaza are 18 or younger, most of the attacks that Israel is doing in self-defense or wholesale killing children. What Hamas did was terrorism but what's happening to Palestinian civilians are war crimes
Hamas intentionally targeted the party goers with one goal and that was to get American hostages . They plan on using the hostages as leverage for the release of their monsters that are rotting in American prisons. Israel wasn’t their only target! These people are despicable and should be shown no mercy !  Those who are crying for peace , should be crying first for Hamas to cease fire and hand over the hostages taken . They are raping , sodomizing and mutilating boys and girls, old and young !  America flattened Iraq after 9/11. Allow Israel to protect its own .
I liked this interview.  Good perspective.  I am trying to catch up on what’s happening and she has helped w/ That tremendously.
We will go carefully in.  That's disgusting seeing these pictures. This is a genocide coming up.
You people are one sided of righteousness.
Àll civilian now in israel give arms by government to protect his family and children Israel now réady for alltemate war for prepareríng fo war
Where will the Gazans go?? Where?? It is an enclave, an open air concentration camps.
How in hell can anybody evacuate 1.1 million people in 24hrs?
Stay safe, Israel! Rooting for you ❤️🇸🇬 🙏🏻
Did Palestinians give any notice before bombarding and physically killing the Israeli people? I think Israel is very gentle., 24hrs is good enough given the circumstances.
Israel tells Palestinians to leave; Hamas tells them to stay. Get it?
Only thing HAMAS gonna learn from all this is next time to make sure to have a higher body count
if Israel does the anialation  of the palestines they will pay for the death of all children and old people who are innocent regardless of the terrorist attacks they are not God they must find it in their hearts to set aside the problems the war and the pain and to find peace in this world at this time right now and if they choose not to then they are as well as evil and wicked as the terrorists that they are trying to destroy
After all the damages done in the gaza strip. Israel should have given enough time to Palestinians to evacuate before attacking.
It was already written in the holy book but they will never put down Israel
My heart is with Israel 💜🇮🇱 I pray for the safety of Jerusalem and the protection of all Israel 💜🙏🏻✝️🇮🇱💜
Western countries people are fully drug addicted even their leaders also pope. Western ideology to slaughter Jews because they are NASI mind that is why Justinder Trudeau honoured zasi criminal
Palestatenians has to evacuate in 24 hrs?...but to where??
Excellent content. There are so very many Islamic terr*rist groups it is difficult to even remember all their names. They call for a "Day of RAGE." They seem to be getting more and more evil as they are directed by their 'religion of peace'. It seems like a death cult.
THAT'S WHY GOD DOESN'T LIKE ANY RELIGION. ALL RELIGIONS BELONG TO HUMANS AND THOSE ONLY DIVIDE PEOPLE. ONLY DEVIL DIVIDE. WE CAN SEE WHAT RELIGIONS DO. GOD IS THE INFINITE LOVE AND KNOWLEDGE OF THE INFINITE, EXPANSIVE, THINKING UNIVERSE. WHEN WE ASK GOD TO PROVE A LIFE IN SOME PLANET OF THE UNLIMITED UNIVERSE WE PROMISE TO RESPECT GOD'S LAWS, HOWEVER WE TURN INTO DEVIL DUE THE RELIGIONS AND POLITICAL SYSTEMS WITCH ARE FAR FROM GOD'S LAWS. WE KNOW THE LIFE IS TOO SHORT AND WHEN WE DIE WE DON'T TAKE ANY THING, HOWEVER PEOPLE LIVE ILUTIONATED FOR THE MATERIAL THINGS AND FORGET ABOUT GOD AND THAT THE SOULS ARE INFINITE. THIS LIFE IS ONLY ONE OF MILLIONS OR TRILLIONS THE SOULS HAVE TO EXPERIMENT BEFORE RETURNING WITH GOD FOREVER.
"Day of rage"?? DISGUSTING! They are not condemning terror but inciting it. This is unprecedented! So we can not feel safe anywhere in the world? This has to be stopped worldwide! 😡
Hamas are not men they are eunics who suck on teet of satan and hide behind children and wo.en
Israel has some very tough decisions to make and is bound to be criticised for them, but they must make them, because they are fighting for their very existence and must win.
As a black American Christian,  if you are a friend of these evil Terrorist Hamas, you're not a friend of God nor of mine. I pray that Jesus will change your wicked heart 🖤!
Still have 1 million 997 thousand Palestinians left
Israel is best .. Long live Israel
UN is lost cause. Dumb useless organisation.
Israel, bring hell upon Hamas.
If UN ran when the arabs attacked israel, they should do the same now that israel is  putting an end to terrofism.
I feel sad for all the innocent people on both side who have to witness and suffer because of terrorist
lsrael mp is criminal world should not back him
Hamas tries to turn the people of Gaza into martyrs.
Lord God Almighty of heaven. God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob Lord God Almighty God of love God of justice Avenge your beloved people. All praise to God of Israel Amen
it was stupid for hamas to attack then retreat and put the gaza civilians at risk.
Israel kills women and children
Just tell me why jews in Palestine? Go to your country UN also say the Palestine is just for Palestinian not Jews if you capture Palestinian country then you will face this so go to your country Germany
The isis flag was planted on hamas member  as evidence to push the dehumanizing narrative  to justify the slaughter and genocide of innocent people in Gaza
That is more of a warning than israelis got
Israel wasn't given any warning when they were attacked.....................24 hours warning to Gaza sounds good to me.....................
bye bye terrorists
Complain all you want. Unless you are willing to go to war with Israel (and the USA), there is nothing you can do to stop them.
Evacuate to where?
Israel are now the Terrorists. Just as bad as Hamas. No way that many ppl can evacuate in 24hrs.
Israel, as American tell the U.N to go to hell!
its amazing how headline of 1300 isralelis victims is constant,. but no headline of palestinian deaths.  i doubt with that much destruction of gaza, only 1500 victims in palestine.  there are no winners in this war
God will preserve  Israel as God said that He will bless those who bless Israel and curse those who curse Israel
If you do sothing bad youll reap
The un needs to comply and get out of the way.. Israel isn't playing around...
Where Gazans can go? They lose their livelihood, who is going to compensate them?
Now Israel even have the power to tell the UN what to do.
Are the peoples of Gaza just too ignorant to crawl the 5 miles and surrender to the UN safety zone?
the jews have been mistreating the palestinians for decades, they treat them like dogs, i hope they get no peace for there sin !!!
Fear Not lsrael for the lord  Angels guiding you  are more than those guiding  Our enermies
and where are they supposed to go, to their summer homes ?
NICHOLE IS HOT.
Good, GAZA should be flattened.
Praying  for israel  psalms  91❤
No surprise same thing Mohammed done with his prisoners.,these peoples are  inhuman vampires ln human body
Israel is no better or worse than the beasts who attacked them... People without compassion or love, will perish by the hatred they spew.
🐒what did hamas think would happen after what they did to ISRAEL no excuse to mudering  children and baby and what they did to them and the fact most palistine people and who supports them think this is ok, THE RELIGION OF PEACE YEAH RIGHT THIS IS WHY I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH ISLAM, both sides have faults but what the TERRORIST GROUP WHO CALL THEM SELF HAMAS DON'T EVEN CARE ABOUT THERE OWN PEOPLE, I AM SO LUCKY I LIVE IN AUSTRALIA IN A SMALL COUNTRY TOWN, MY HEART GOES OUT TO ALL THE PEOPLE OF ISRAEL AND ALL JEWS AROUND THE WORLD
I saw another video that states that the UN says “there is no way to evacuate that quickly without humanitarian crisis”…. Uhmm… and the position the Gazans are in NOW isn’t a humanitarian crisis?? Facing death?? At least some can get out! The UN’s response when they are actually asked to do something …🙄
What did the UN say?
Run dear Muslims, run for your lives, run home to Iran-Israel will not relent for the 40 heads of their babies
8.
I barely have any sympathy left for Palestinians. It's your own fault but your children pay the price for the hatred you preach
just to let you know the majority of the world is with Palestine and the truth
This is like the Warsaw Ghetto uprising in reverse
Israel has really destroyed lives😢😢.This is inhumanity 😭😭😭😭
The chosen people are going revenge mode...all munitions are gone...😂
I am sickened by the people who sit at home safe with their families and decry Israel over the death of civilians in Gaza as if it is the same sort of tragedy as what hamas did to Israel. It is not the same. The IDF WARNED every Gazan civilian to evacuate before they began bombing. Many many people of Gaza supported and cheered on Hamas as they attacked Israeli CIVILIANS. Those who stayed supported Hamas enough to LISTEN TO THEM when they told them to ignore the IDF warnings. They chose to stay in those buildings. The Israelis had no warning. They had no choice before their children were butchered and their women were raped. I cry only for the innocent children and wives of Gaza who are only listening to their fathers/husbands. These situations are not the same.
Ketakutan ya😂😂😂
Thé meàn target israél inter gaza to damaged àll secrét tannel of hamàs destroy àll hís càmp in gàza and groud zéro
Tama lang Yan na wasakin na nyo Yan..Jan nagkukuta Ang mga pinaka makasalanan na tao sa Mundo Yan Ang mga teroristang HAMAS..
Go Israel. Your biggest worry will in time be the UN, watch your backs. Do what you have to do.
Anyone who supports  Hamas who live or go to school in USA can go back to there home land ! Last I check your here as a visitor and act like this good bye bye go home !  We don’t want you here we don’t support that in the Red white and blue !
Hamas made that provocative treacherous invasive military move over the border on Saturday 7th Octobet ...this set everything else in motion.Shame on Hamas look now the repercussions.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has nuclear weapons aimed so-called israel and the USA naval warships. If Iran gets involved in this madness the USA will lose everywhere even in the USA. Russia, China,Syria, Egypt and many others will join the fight with Hamas and Palestine.
Evacuate to where, pray tell….😢
God will punish those people of Israel who conspired this.🙏🏼
Israel is still being focused on specific targets? I expect them to just level all housing in Gaza so Palestinians won't have a place to live afterwards. Terrifying. The Palestinians are going to become refugees again. I hope they can keep the civilian casualties low.
Hamas  people are insane animals.🤢🤢🤢🤢
We are seeing leveling of buildings guess this was just another push for gaining additional stretches of land
As a Black American Christian, Hamas is being used by Satan.  Hamas repeatedly gang Raped hostage women, then burned them to death & they beheaded over 40 babies etc...
Thank you Nicole and the i24 news team with your updates. My prayers out to all the victims of the massacre, the Israel army and all the workers who help in one way or another, to Israel and the free world. Stay safe. God of Abraham, Jacob and Isaac, the God of Israel, please protect your own people.
Won’t Hamas evacuate with them? So their just moving into another territory? Hmmm maybe they won’t be able to take their weapons n missiles with them?
All this , because once a guy in Germany wrote one book.
The terrorists can dance in the streets, but can't walk? Let them relocate themselves. Or, preferably, not.
Your count of Palestinians you say does not differentiate militants from civilians, neither did Hamas a week ago.
Hamas will target tech industry and airports so everyone is stuck ! Israel calls for cleansing and Hamas land to the sea --- look out will throw world into anarchy !!!
Another month piece of Palestinians terrorist victim pedaling ....UN is a  biased  organisation inside the pocket  of  Arab radicals
run Gazans, run as fast as you can.
Palestinian around the world protesting and chanting Free the Palestinian, to whom they want to speak too, to Israel or HAMAS?
Hi, Iranian Feminist, yes, you are right Palestinians will return.  They are only moving out for safety.   But Hamas will never return.   Hamas knew these Innocent Palestinians were going to die and their city will be destroyed.     There is no Government   on this earth knowing that its people are going to get killed by hundredth and starts war.  Never on this earth.  That tells me that HAMAS don't care about innocent Palestinian people, it only cares about politics helping IRAN and SYRIA. WOWWW       Good Job, Iranian Feminist.
wonder why no one in israel blame russia no one mentioning russia wherein its clear russian is involve in this terrorism in israel through hamas
GOOD! Then Isareal can send the rest of the hamass supporters to meet their fake murdering god they pray to.
America has guns ,good luck on our soil,you own gas stations,fast food,hotels in our hospitals,i see you
IDIOTS STARTED A WAR THAT THEY CANNOT WIN. HAMAS ANIMAL TERRORISTS!
DON'T TRUST THE U.N. THEY'RE CORRUPT
If a retaliating warring country orders UN , no need of UN.
Sad that this probably seals the fate of the hostages 😔
Saw a sign there at what is obviously a demonstration by Western displaced supporters, a very agitated female supporter waving a Support Iranian feminists placard. Should she not be better off waving that back in Iran? Oh silly me. She can't can she?
Fourth Arab-Israeli war in 2 days time ...
I hope THE KING comes instead..
Please form an orderly queue!
Innocent people should evacuate. Those who will choose to remain in their vicinity are in support of Hamas
F u c k the um they're f****** joke don't listen to them Yahoo they want to play pitty-pat f u c k the UN savior your people they're not the ones being fired upon stick to your guns Yahoo bottom line
Please pray for Israel. The Lord wants us to seek His face. Please pray.
UN must quit from Gaza . UN must stop your dirty tricks for your own benefit. Must get out UN if you stopped tricky game get out. Again world don’t need this evil UN . UN support only jihadis for jihadis money because UN tricky people know these Muslims are very fools so Europeans can exploit and steal their wealth
Israel 🇮🇱 is forever! Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Israel! 🙏🙏❤️🇮🇱🇮🇱❤️🙏🙏
There will be death in war but look at death on terror,go Israel
This is not lost to Australian people. We stand with Israel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AJlfW0g2rk
Hamas is a terrorist group and does NOT care about the Palestinian people.
Props to the Mary Mc(?) outstanding reporting. Came across as smart, trustworthy, and brave.
Why not ask Russia to house Gazan
Israel is racist.
Stop the lies Israel is committing WAR CRIMES Indiscriminately bombing by lsreal are WAR CRIMES and must be held accountable in the international criminal courts.   Cutting off water power food medicine are WAR CRIMES  Nothing can justify this.  World condemnation is against lsreal.  Hezbollah has warned lsreal if they continue to indiscriminately bomb GAZA they will attack lsreal.  Thus far 300 IDF SOLDIERS have been killed by Hamas.
Those who sympathize with palestine sympathize with hamas  sympathize with the beheading of 😢😢 babies ...
War is very distressing and exhausting this wont happen if the brainless HAMAS barbaric terrorist did not spark the war.  Look what happened to to their place now. The irony is that no one from the Palestine people blame Hamas for what had happen to them. They voted and supported Hamas to fight against Israel and even celebrated  with them. Hamas don't even care for Palestinians. This terrorist group are using them as Human shields.
Israeli run the world  Running USA tax payers  Running United nations   Running the world   Israeli worst than Hitler killing babies and children   Stolen lands   Pure evil
Israel is just as bad as it's enemies if not worse for instigating this conflict and directly funding Hamas.
Crushing Hamas by bombing civilians of Gaza will never bring any stability in Isreal and Palestine. UN intervene with two state solution. USA and other forces that pours fuel in burning fire please step back and stop your evil interventions.
God bless Israel  The United States stands with you
Better start packing your dirt or whatever.
Pure Evil Israel!
Israel has been trying to take over Palestine for 70 years. Their hate is spilling over from embarrasment and they are making innocent people suffer in Gaza. It's a WAR CRIME. Where did they learn that from?
UN   = UNITED NOTHING
Israel, time to cut the grass!
There are no innocent Palestinians.  They elected, support, and tolerate Hamas, regardless of their atrocities.
HAMAS=ISIS
Hamas stages their troops near hospitals and schools hoping the Israelis will hit those buildings.  They are pure evil
In line with Hamas murderous ideology it wouldn't surprise me that they are holding the entire citizens of Gasa deep underground. Holding them as hostages as well. The Hamas have  brought nothing but shame upon themselves and those that support them.
The world will be on fire soon. Governments around the world are to take heed of this call and clampdown on any ability to protest against ISRAEL and deport all who bring calamity to your shores.
why no reporters are reporting from Gaza , Because they Know what the Palestinians are going through and they don't want the world to see it. Everyone knows who is suffering  but always fails to comprehend until the same happens to them.
ISRAELI NEED TO DO THIS!!!! VOTING FOR TRUMP MAGA
Will there be human wave attacks in north irsael
Defund the UN
Over the last few decades, lots of people from the middle East and muslim predominantly countries migrated to the west who despise the west and their values while seeking privileges of freedom and opportunity the western countries afforded them. Time to rethink the naïve western immigration policy including refugee policy. Time like this revealed their true allegiance and colour.
The left loves ISIS and nazis world wide
Warning: Images are distressing. Are they real? https://youtu.be/tDtPVWbP2WM?si=m0ilHbpz01Lpf0gD
Are people aware of the apartheid Isreal has imposed on Gaza.. wtf ..stopped water, preventing children from drinking water .. how is this ok.. 2 million people are dependent on Isreal.. and being starved of basic human rights.. have they atleast sent in busses to fetch the innocent  people. Have people actually investigated how Isreal have treated palenstine..
THE REAL TERRORISTS AMERICAN ISRAEL KILLED MILLIONS CHILDRENS OLD WOMANS MENS AROUND THE WORLD 👿👹
A million innocent civilians are supposed to move en masse to the South; to where?  They're penned in like cattle, not unlike Warsaw Ghetto v.2.0.  Israel should target Hamas for their craven terrorism, but butchering innocent civilians makes them no better in a moral or humanist sense.
Stop the OCCUPATIONS..Isreal STOP the OCCUPATIONS
UN closed their eyes for years to the harm of harrassment on Israel from Ham-asses
The people of Gaza chose Hamas and Hamas chose to be on Hitler's side, therefore Hamas now produced disaster on Gaza and will end up like Hitler.
​islam is a real crappy religion as all they ever wanna do is start wars and kill people, thats not a religion its a joke..
I love the Jewish people I’m all for Jerusalem and helping them I’m a Christian myself. But this man along with the Democrat party in America is destroying our country. He is a liar from the word get-go. Don’t you ever believe that he’s not.
"WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND HAMAS"😊
If they dont leave then if they die its on them
Hamas caused  all this yet i still dont here one word from Palestinians agains hamas ,allof you  are  are evel like hamas
when the jews become the nazis gtfo
Hamas use their kid as a  Human shields
Fuck Israel. Wish my fellow conservatives would actuality research these scum USS Liberty, never forget
Israel has to move out from the land has been occupied by Israel and killing Palestinians every day and  taking them to prison all over almost a century  And you call them brave for occupancy of  Palestinian !!!!!!
God is with Israel 🇮🇱 Jews are gods people 🙏🏼
Meri Eisin, what a joke. 🤡
Israel got a wake up call they will destroy Hamas for good!!
At least the Israelis are warning people. More than the horrendous terrorist attack without warning to the Israelis 😢
Palestinian  civilians are not condeming these actions, they celebrated over the brutallity of Hamas! I lost all my respect for them.
F Israel and the murderous zion jew..   nothing but baby murders.    god bless Palestine and remember Deir Yassin   The Deir Yassin massacre took place on April 9, 1948, when around 130 fighters from the Zionist paramilitary groups Irgun and Lehi killed at least 107 Palestinian Arab villagers, including women and children, in Deir Yassin, a village of roughly 600 people near Jerusalem, despite having earlier agreed to a peace pact.
The Greatest Enemy of Palestine's is Hamas not Israel...
Collective punishment of 2.5 million people is not a self-defense: its crime against humanity. Almost close 2000 Palestinian have been murdered.
Very good...
What right does Israel has to give orders to the UN to evict Palestinians from their own land?  Has zionists forgotten that the land they occupy presently belongs to the palestinians? Hitler must have foreseen the evil intentions and the evil heart of the zionists against the germans to carry out the holocaust.  The zionist are evil tenants.
The price of the leader's decisions is paid by the civilian population
Innocent civilians Yes,the very civilians that celebrated the hamas attack on INNOCENT Israelis.
Israel is terrorist state they kill's innocent Palestine's people inshAllah very soon Israel finish if USA and UK support Israel they also called terrorist countries
GOD BLESS ISRAEL AMEN
From the USA jews and Israel HAS YOUR BACK , IM JUST an ordinary white man
There's nothing new here: it's two factions, each believing in their own mythological gods and 'books' written by men giving them the right to kill each other, rape women, and slaughter the most innocent among us. It's too much. Chimpanzees have more reasoning skills than their human counterparts.
Hamas is really killing Gazans, for not letting the innocent people evacuate! Palestinians, and Arab nations, time to wake up!! Hamas is a t3rrorist group!
TALK ABOUT DICTATORSHIP.  . SOMEONE NEEDS TO SEE A  SHRINK.
Israel is doing the worlds dirty work. We've seen Muslim terror attacks all over the world. What makes anyone think it will stop with Israel. We have already seen the depraved savagery that these blood thirsty murderers are capable of. Worse than Isis is what we are seeing.
It's really interesting how they execute "precision" strikes on hamas locations in Gaza but were completely taken by surprise with their attack. Something is not adding up.
This isn’t just about Israelis anymore either. There are Americans that have been taken as hostages also.
This kind of conflict will never stop until religious belief is treated as an illness and eradicated from this world once and for all!
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
"Day of Rage" is meaningless because all day and everyday they never stop raging against Israel. I don't know why they never learn, after all these decades, for half a century, trying to throw Israel into the Mediterranean Sea and never able to do it. They can actually live side by side peacefully which will be of benefit to everyone.
THEY BETTER START WALKING ***********************************************************
Hamas and Islamic terrorists are cowards and they can’t fight with army . Trust me Islam is the religion of peace and they spread peace through violence and most Islamic people watch the brutal killing done by their community and stay mute spectators
GAZANS LEAVE YOUR HOMES NOW. HEAD FOR RAFIAH CROSSING TO EGYPT. YOU WILL BE SAFE THERE. YOU WILL BE ALLWES TO RETURN WHEN WE CLEAN GAZA CLEAN OF THE TERRORISTS HAMA AND ISLAMIC JIHAD WHO HELD YOU HOSTAGES FOR SO MANY YEARS. WE HAVE NOTHING AGAINST INNOCENT PEOPLE. WE HAVE PROVIDED FOOD FUEL WATER GAS WORK FOR SO MANY YEARS. LEAVE NOW BEFORE YOU GET HURT
We stand our prayers to Israelis people, United strongly with the Jews.
Hamas = Israel in disguise, fkr an excuse to build the Solomon temple
CRAZY plan HAMMAS will elbow women and children out of the way to get on the helicopters
good for Israel  ....  let's see how capable the un is ...... don't hold your breath. un only interest in its perceived power and free money.  especially from the usa.  remove un from usa soil .... how about to iran or china?????
There are no innocents
when HAMAS ATTACK ISRAEL and KILLING CIVILIANS all Palestinian are REJOYCING but when Israel RETALIATE all Palestinians blame Israel and accuse as murderer!
Hamas started, Israel just finishing it go Israel finished the barbaric hamas.
No way Israeli intel didn't know of attack - massive chatter even Egyptian Intel told Israel something big imminent
If Israel invade Gaza full size...Hamas wins as the whole area will become radicalised and you will end up with a much larger problem...learn from the mistake we made in the West after 9/11
Finding out there's no evidence of child beheading is a slight comfort. You go and kill their babies now? Is that ok? Because some of us are losing respect for you fast.
We love you oh Israel and pray to you may the Lord keep and guard you may the Lord shine his face on you and favor you. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ
it is china. see china uncensored for more info.
Lieing sons of dragons
Krush UN
i stand with the people
I stand with Armenia 🇦🇲  God Bless Armenia 🇦🇲 ✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️❤️
No matter what caused the conflict and who started it, if you act like a terrorist you will get killed including those around you... #cleargaza #getridofthem #removekebab
Iran knows that if they launch Hizbollah they will have no cards left.
Of course, the United Nothings will cry Hamas a river.
Israel has already sacrificed the hostages. She must.🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
#freePalestine
The ugliest war that has ever been. Can you find Ukraine on a map? I'm not a fan of HAMAS but don't downplay Ukraine to a Pole.
Israel is the people of God chosen county i believe this war Israel soldier and civilian was covered the holy Spirit of God and shield of his blood.. Israel is like and Eagle they fly high and high..God is with this country Israel...❤❤❤❤❤❤
Trump has your back Isreal 🤗🤗🤗
WE STAND BESIDE ON ISRAELI 🇮🇱 FROM PHILIPPINES🇵🇭
1948 repeated on a wider scale. Hamas is an awful organisation just like Mosad.🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
This is why I have no sympathy for Palestinians. The barbarism of Hamas animals is on full display as it massacres Israelis and tortures it's own people for tactical and political advantage.
That's the way Santa Ana did at the Alamo. Thank you Israelis. People of Gaza get out now!
Those who listens to what hamas suggest, i guess we can consider them member of hamas (terrorist)
This is Armageddon....FOR PALESTINE  WOOOELLLL PLAY STUPID GAMES WIN STUPID PRIZES.  GO ISREAL LEAVE GAZA A PILE OF ROCKS
That's the way to go, Israel. You have the mandates of heaven to do what you must do. God is with you. Amos 9:14-15
Gaza people left over there to steel the things must be evacuated
There are no adult civilians in Gaza. And the adults hate Jews more than they love their children.
Eye-rain-ee-an? You mean ee-rahn-ee-ahn??
All these Jews are headed to hellfire every single one of them
I back Israel
why Hamas hiding  now...cowards
Israel government should give everybody a rifle
🙌🙏☮️☮️☮️☮️☮️☮️☮️✌️
The world can wail and gnash their teeth all they want. No one gets to preach morals to Israel after what they just went through. God *WILL* protect Israel to the very end when Jesus Christ returns as King of Kings and Lord of Lords!
❤🇮🇱❤🇮🇱❤🇮🇱❤🇮🇱❤🇮🇱❤
May almighty God  keep blessing lsrael
I don’t agree with what Hamas has done or allegedly done… That being said, lets stop the hypocrisy and call a spade a spade.
Just to let you know we majority of Americans stands for what is right, we are with you Israel✝✡❤💞California❤Israel.
I pray for the peace of Jerusalem and Israel the Bible says those that bless Israel will be blessed .
Hamas terrorists hide among Palestinian children whom they also abuse, they are cowards and a scourge on this world.
Victory to Israel 🇮🇱✌️
I like this pussy cunt reporting
Yeah all evacuate so they take the land!!!yahoudy think they are clever…
Israel is evil and committing war crimes.   The world should punish them for it
U.N. is such a joke.
Yes Israel 🇮🇱,  don't be like Joe Biden, protect your Northern Borders. If Hezbollah try to attack from the North, send them backwards to their allah 👺 god in the Lake of Fire 🔥!
The result of the War will be the demolition of the Mosque that sits on the temple mount, and a rebuilt Solomon's Temple in it's place. That is the true goal of this War.  Many will deny this... Many ill call me "conspiracy theorist".... But Time will prove me right and make fools of all of you. Ask Why is it so important for Solomon's Temple to be rebuilt on that Mount? .... You will find answers that will lead you to the TRUTH
Those protesters leaders should all be arrested and deported to Gaza, Syria, Iran, Egypt, Iraq, and Jordan! These terrorists sympathizers and instigators should be force to leave or deported! They are a danger to their host countries!
UN should wake up and open their eyes. UN is harbouringHAMAS terrorist. What kind of organisation do you represent? Useless
May the Lord bless Israel
Like USA SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS = BORDER CHALLENGE 😅
I have a GREAT idea, let’s flood Europe with all these peace loving Palestinians!  I’m sure it will be fiiiine
What a privilege to be warned before an attack. Nothing they gave Jews
Come on israel india stand with israel
Good will defeat evil...
I stand with Istrael
Thieves.....Pure killers and thieves.....the table is gonna turn on all those who has benefitted of the backs of others...Fake people want honor..that's funny...
Funny how so many can take Israelis at their word, yet call them the bad guys.
The civilused and educated British are with Israel. We have read up and understand more than face value. Keep going Israel. God is with you, as are we
Please leave now no matter how hard it maybe. Staying alive is better than dying there. Israel’s firepower is not worth trying to to wait it out. Those 155 howitzers will level the whole northern part of Gaza before the amour or infantry even enter the rubble
Cause it needs to be back and it’s really control. It was peaceful there, and even Palestinians had a good life. Hamas is against God.
Infiltrators =terrorists 😅
Guess they shouldn't have murdered raped and beheaded all those men, women, children and babies. TICK TOCK!
No, I heard them shouting SPRAY SPRAY pestilence, from the river to the sea pestilence will be free. I am confused
Hamas demand human shields stay put.
You reap what you sow.  If I were Muslim I would take the Israeli’s advise.  Run for another Muslim country.  But I understand they don’t want them either.  Go figure.
Well outlined, well stated! Bravo Zulu Colonel, Bravo Zulu!
Hamas acted wickedly. Their actions are beyond comprehension. However, Isreal has a duty to abide by Yahweh's holy laws of mercy and justice.   Love your neighbours as they love themselves. You will die and go to hell if you do not give justice to Palestinians. Unforgiveness is sin. Yahweh's ways are higher than our feelings.
Join the boycott of Israel and America business to stop ethnic cleansing and genocide of the Palestinians people
Can’t see many Hamas dying!all I see is kids!!!
The present Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that the greatest single mistake of the Palestinian Arab delegates was to refuse the offer of an independent State which was offered to them in 1947 by the UN, this newly formed State would have been in areas of old Palestine that are now referred to as the disputed territories of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip  In the Camp David agreements (in the 1970s)held in the USA, Israel offered the Palestinians a State in these disputed territories. Again in the Oslo accords (in around 1993) the Palestinians were offered an independent state in the disputed territories. Many times over the Israeli Government has offered the Palestinian representatives an Independent State
Where has the UN been as Hamas has continuously murdered Jews?  WHERE?  The UN no longer has value.
Screw those people Who's trying to normalize terrorism. India stands with Israel.
Very Hypocrite.
God bless Israel
Various forms of persecution such as cruelty, tyranny, oppression, violation, confiscation of land, property rights and invasion of the holy place (Al-Aqsa Mosque in Baitul Maqdis) carried out by the Zionist regime against Palestine.
This guy Blenken, evry time he stands behind the mic he's always showing emotions for something like ooh an Israeli kind or an Israeli woman ,which tells me he's one opinionated and one sided.
Time to end Hamas
The evil of a mask must be eradicated. Cowards that behaved babies should not be allowed to exist.
By Saturday the day of the Sabbath, no more Hamas, no more Palestinian.
😢
From what I've seen it does look like Hamas is hiding behind children, every video there's nothing but little boys, what the hell are they doing there? If I was the parent I would take my kids and leave, I wouldn't support Hamas after this, Hamas doesn't care if kids die, they use them as propaganda photos. People have to stop supporting terrorists, they do not care about you, they use people, and they do not care if you die, or if your kids die. If Hamas cared, they would have told all their people to leave, but they never did, instead they hide behind innocent women and children, and these stupid parents still support Hamas, and blame Israel, they're so brainwashed. People can't blame Israel for this war, it was Hamas who attacked Israel and killed hundreds of people for no reason, and it's bull about the 1973 war, that's not why they did this, and I don't believe there was no intelligence that Hamas and Hezbollah were planning this, someone knew and let it happen because they love war, and they wanted Hamas out.
As of today over 600 Palestinian kids so far have been murdered by Israel bombardments 😢
Oh this is the moment we have been waiting all along the final outcome. Bring it on.!
the thing is Hamas will run too
******* NO REFUGEE IN AMERICAS OR EUROPE  TIME FOR RICH MUSLIM COUTNRIES TO STEP UP AND TAKE THEM IN  -TALKING TO YOU SAUDI ARABIA , QATAR , BRUNAI , EGYPT , IRAN
The corrupt un are being shown up for the  useless parasites they are....
Israel were just playing before, now gaza should prepare for main war. Shalom Israel 🇮🇱
Clownish move from Israel. Now ALL THE LEFTIST media will "document" the Israeli retaliation on empty buildings to prove how bad Israel is, accompanied by crying old palestinian women.  Why is Israel telling about the raid?  Why are they doing one-sided humanism againt a terror organisation?
Gaza is not an open air prison. It's a quarantine zone for a lethal mind virus that has been allowed to fester for too long, and risks destroying humanity itself if ever it is let out or allowed to continue to exist.
This is not what America is about ,we have people that have no sense to themselves, that are willing to give up there freedoms and there dignity  , and most of them came to this country illegal, and those are the ones we don't need  hear .ower day is coming just as sure as what the Jewish people are facing
Israel didn't say in 24h as the title says, I read the message delivered by IDF and it is NOT stated that evacuation has to be realized in 24 hours. Anyway they are warning Palestinians before bombing, something that the 1300 jews slaughtered by hamas would have gladly liked to fore know.
I'll bet those Pal families really appreciate the 5 to 10 minute warnings before their homes and businesses are obliterated.  It's surprising, for example, how fast babies and young children can get out of town before being blown to pieces or horribly injured.
I support brave Israel always because Israeli people are very brave like Indian people 🇮🇳♥️🇮🇱♥️💐🌹love from India
The battle of Stalingrad during WW 2 reveals the dangers of urban warfare,the Germans were totally defeated..A combination of troops and civilians will extract heavy loss on the isreali's.Every building must be  destroyed ,then only should the troops move in .A combination of troops ,armour and the airforce must be employed ,American generals used this technique to achieve a total destruction of Germans during the Battle of Normandy during WW 2.
3 evil islamic fascist terrorists were arrested today in Sydney Australlia. They attempted to terrorise and blow up a building in Sydney that has a preponderance of Jews and Israelis working in the Building. The second arrest in a few days. The Hamas and ISIS tentacles are beyond EVIL and Sadistic!
God blessing n leading Israel. Amen
People in lafa. I like someone standing Outside Watching what's somebody Hit a hornets nest With a stick. Then scream and holler. When they get stung Bye, the hornets.
"Five residential homes that allegedly held members of Hamas". Read... murdered multiple citizens including many children in a brutal war crime... again and again and again. That death toll is ridiculous... there are thousands of Palestinians dying here.
🇮🇱❤️🇮🇱❤️🇮🇱❤️🇮🇱❤️🇮🇱❤️
Why only northern part ? Why not entire Gaza strip for good.
All these anti Israel protects are evil, but know this every individual, group, entity and nation supporting the evil of Hamas terrorists, evil will never depart from their doorposts, the wrath of God is come, Amen. Love Israel 🇮🇱❤️🔥
Yes FRANCE had the balls where other countries  do not ....❤❤
Lebanon is days from economic collapse.  They have nothing to throw into the war but only what they have left in their closets and what Iran can send…which they will as the murderous cowards they are.
what about the tunnels
Why world is keeping silent speak up and say something stop killings on both side
Well!!! Maybe you can do that in the Mideast, im sure any so called marters that think they'll be awesome dead ppl. Think again DON'T, YOU'LL BE DEAD, AND YOUR FAMILIES WILL BE SUFFERING MORE THEN YOU THINK. THE USA TAKES NO THREATS LIGHTLY FROM ANY DUMB COUNTRY.
God bless Israel.
She wears a ‘PRESS’ label as though that will deter the psychos who kill babies. 🙄 Get out of there.
ISRAEL has been more & too gracious to Hamas & the people is Gaza. ZERO TOLERANCE TO TERRORISTS!!!! IDF....LEVEL IT!!!!!
Once hamas done, palestinians will back n live peacefuly together with israel as neighbour. Amen❤
Praying for Israel and the IDF for wisdom from on High
Really  you suck why you didnt mention  Armenians  eho been masikert by terrorists. O Armenians  didnt pay you. You suck
Though the tunnels they escape
ISRAEL'S  " OPPOSITION 70 VIRGIN'S " IS WELL UNDERWAY.  THE VICTORY IS THEIRS !  GOD BLESSES AND PROTECT ISRAEL, THE APPLE OF HIS EYES !!!!!!
Nukes?
Every person is a terrorist if he fights arrogant Israel against the occupation.
There is no innocent civilians, they are collaborators and accessories that enabled Hamas shooting rockets in their neighborhood.
Please god be with Israel
Lots of  tunnels under the gaza strip for the rats.
So, this is the real objective. They simply want Palestinians to be stripped off of their lands. Nothing is clearer to me than this one.
Egypt will not take them.  Neither will Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Libya, Sudan, UAE, Dubai, Kuwait or Turkey.   No one want them on their territory.  Gee, I wonder why…..
Hell with Hamas and Iran.
Leave ! Let israel take out hams and free Palestinian people. ..the innocent ones anyway 🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱💕
IDF Go well Go safely and Go with God for Israel and her people 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
What is MOST WORRYSOME, is HAMAS is a small faction.  They planned this Terrorist attack.   They knew Israel would retaliate.  They would never win against the IDF..so that makes me wonder if they have an underlying trap or bigger long game.  Either for another region (Lebanon, Iran) to step up in this war to also attack Israel for an all out war..or have they elaborated sophisticated traps & so forth awaiting the certain arrival of IDF's.  Hamas took all the aid & relief money for years, meant for Gazan's, destroyed the water supply they had & used everything to make these missiles & prepared themselves for a battle.
All religions of Israel should be under the Israelis Government with police and armies after this all over the regions after this for safety and peace with the Palestinians and above all PRAY !
don't ever trust UN they are supporting terrorists too.. 😂😂
Good on Israel 🇮🇱
Go Israel people with sense supports you.
Palestinians need to work with the Israelis on weeding out the location of Hamas. Only so, could the Palestinians redeem themselves, and most importantly stopping the shelling from Israel. If the Palestinians haven't yet learned that Hamas is their destruction, then I could only sadly say that it's there own fault. This is not a Palestinian movement, this is a Hamas Agenda being exercised with 0 interest for the people that they supposedly represent. Those dead Palestinian family's and friends are because of Hamas. You see what Hamas is doing to your people, help the world destroy this terrorist organization. Wake up Palestinians! If Hamas cared about you, they would then not be using you as poker chips and human shields.
What the heck ?  Taking Israelis as hostsges does not concern anyone?????  What kind of hypocracy is this   Oh my god   Israel will f**k all terrorists
Go Israel 🇮🇱 México 🇲🇽 is with you.... ❤️🙏
Is Israel superior to UN that it can order an org of 193 nations!
As a third party observing these horrific sequence of events,  what does comes across as rather surprising, is how close to the Gaza border were these Israelis settlements ... its seems the Israelis were either complacent of the high risk of living so close to a barbed wire boundary ,separating  them from one of the most dangerous terrorist organization with a sole agenda of killing jews. If it was'nt complacency, then it must have been complete blind faith in their security forces which allowed these settlements to continue with a sense of normalcy, irrespective of any such potential risk of terrorists breaching the barbed wire fencing and walking into these settlements . For the IDF not to react for nearly  10-12 hours is just incredible ... fail to understand how long it would have taken to scramble some helicopters to fly over these settlements & the scene of the music concert and gun down the terrorists who were in the open . Its seems almost unbelievable on the slow response / reaction level of the security personnel , especially when they must have been receiving a barrage of real time information flow coming through the affected sites, as and when these incidents started to occur !!! We are not even referring to the intelligence failure in comprehending such an attack, we are only referring to the slow reaction time ..... my heart bleeds for those who died waiting for help to arrive !
I condemn Hamas' actions. BUT, Israel has the advantage here. They have the hammer. The world is watching you, Israel. You cannot play victim but then say you can cut off electric services, food, fuel, water, medicine... If you can do all that; Yoi are not the victim.
God is with Israel.
Hope the terrorists and it's funders are regretting to why they started this war.
In every conflict there has to be a loser 🤔
Good job! UN is all talk.... a useless organization!
Hamas believes Muslims would rather die than give up Hamas .
Israil is doing stupid mistake to torture innocent civilian
Let them protest, if they are wicked, they will reap what they sow. Let’s trust God, He will bring justice to these hateful people.
😢😢😢🙏😢😢😢
Make gaza flat again
O reali aisis. Yoi jews will sell you for money. You sold to azerbagan  weapons  to kill Armenians. Bumerang  is bad came back to your kibyts.
The G A P is E V I L.  This is a holy war. (and the God and the Lion of Judah will finish it.) God bless Israel.
Trudolf will take them!😮
If Palestine wants to talk humanitarian then release all the hostages first. If most are truly against hamas then prove it. Playing the victim is not enough. All that money in aid over the years. What have they done with it beside buying more weapons?
Shame on IDF ! The most immoral army in this world ! Kill civilians in the name of killing Hamas
The UN are corrupt and foolish. The UN is a disgrace!
Cannot say they have not be warned.
MUSILM MUST STOP BEHEADING BABIES
Is it true the Gaza government is really Hamas ?
People in Palestine voted for Hamas, the same way people in Russia voted for Putin.  Propaganda says, they are fighting Putin 🙂 now they say that they are fighting Hamas. Putin is defending Russians,.... Hamas is defending Palestinians often kill by Israel army (even though it doesn't make big news) Pray for innocents victims on both sides.
My prayers goes to Israel ❤ from Kenya  🇰🇪 🙏
Praying for the beloved People of ISRAEL ❤
Hamas will pay for it’s sins, and for most of Palestine for supporting hamas.
🔵📕➕➕🅰🅰🅰➕➕ 🍀🍀😊😊😊🍀🍀 📖📖🙏🙏🙏📖📖 Prevention is better than cure for ♋ the people in the Middle East in Jesus name Amen. 😍 ♌
India fought for freedom we stand for Freedom of Palestine.
This is the stories of the desperate aragent Israeli soldiers, politicians, they'll say anything to save them selfs from being laboled hypocrite and the nu.1 terrorist in the planet.
Maby these countries need to deport those protesters and the families back to their home countries. It is clear what the real intension are of these protestors. Protect your country!!!!
More people stand with Israel around the world. Go Israel!!!!!
Good plan. Now all the whining terrorists can't hide behind the civilians they shoot their rockets from and embed their weapons.  Islamic barbarians. Muslim nations are nothing but blowhards. None are prepared or can handle a war.
🙏
Luv from India
calm down jew
Relocate the barbaric evil apartheid occupation of Israel. All they want is to kill and grab land. West is, responsible for genocide of Palestinian
Long live Israel.
Good plan, clean up gaza for terrorist.
IDF Israel🇮🇱 the great 👍👏 for saving the humanity on the earth🌎🌐 Destroy the islamic terror groups 👏
Save innocent civilians in Gaza
Call on the Name of the Lord just like what King David did. Praying for Israel, Natanahu, his generals, men and women in military and Jews from Melbourne.
let the child killers leave let israel level gaza to the ground, forget about the eu and un they are weak, give no ground at all to these child killers
Can someone explain why the Jewish people in the US who claim to care and love Israel also vote democrat?  What policies do they have that draws in the support of Jewish people at a 70%+ rate?
Let‘s pray europe doesn‘t propose asylum
Awesome thanks
Why does the UN keep sticking up for these losers? Most Middle Eastern countries keep them away.
Good. UN is money wasting garbage organization.
UN is one of the most ineffective and biased organisation where in it looks standing with either Terroists or oppessors. No need to listen what lip service UN is making.
and the Worldleaders are watching
You should pay attention to what the woman said, "We are all Hamas" to the reporter.
People are waking up to another false flag operation as 9/11 was. Just wanting the land. And not only now here in EU are being censored - NO MORE
God bless the IDF.
Those people being warned or advised to leave that area,must comply. Let them move out quickly.. only those bad elements must remain.simple.
now they gotbwhat they deserve
At least they get given a warning. Hamas gave no warning.
God bless My second country Israel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Best wishes from USA
Anybody who supports what the hamas terrorists did when they broke thru last Saturday to kill, burn and  grenade civilians and behead children need to have their head  examined, how can any human approve of this slaughter ??
Blinken is one of the reasons why this happened, how can you claim to be Jewish and then you don't know what Hamas or Hezbollah is capable off .Biden and Blinken has been relaxing sanctions and giving 6 billions to Iran and never believes that,that's money is going to ticked down to Hamas or Hezbollah. 9
Or what next?. Creating WW3 then.
"innocent civilians" did you not see them spit on the dead and rejoice over the dead Israelis and other victims....
imagine how many more deaths would have been without IDF warnings... Red line was settled!
Hope, Israel will remove the site of the Temple Mount from Waql, Jordan to Israelis hand !
Don’t bring them to the Uk we don’t want ANY Hamas supporters here! Hamas are evil!
Everybody who stayed behind are supporters of Hamas, everybody else left. What's up with all these little boys being in a war zone, is it to brainwash them in to becoming terrorists, why would anybody keep their kids in a war zone, then blame Israel when they die, they shouldn't be there in the first place, all children should have been evacuated. Israel warned them days ago, so they can't say they didn't know this was coming. Do the parents even care about their kids? I do not understand why anybody would keep kids in a war zone. It's the parents fault if the kids die, not Israel, they were told to leave many times.
#1 the judaic God is the same as the christian God  #2 as a christian, i know that the christian God is a benevolent, merciful and peaceful God... and by equivalence logic the same is so for the judaic God  #3 the jews have *every right to defend themselves* but if they are to embrace the teachings of God then they must...  [3a] *break the eye-for-an-eye retaliatory/revenge cycle* and turn to God for his blessings, grace and consolation, AND  [3b] to follow God's teachings to *treat all human beings (regardless of race and religion) with respect* , especially the non-jews who live in the west bank; and if the jews comply to His teachings they will be receive His abundant grace and blessings   #4 the jews should offer up to God, the terror that has been inflicted on them like their fore-fathers (ie the jewish kings who consulted God's prophets in times of trials and tribulations) in the old testament, who had prayed to the Lord to deliver them from their enemies. God will surely respond if the jews are sincere and steadfast and loyal to Him  #5 when the jews turn to God and follow his ways... He will enlighten them to find a peaceful solution to the conflicts they face; He will console them; and He will give them peace in their hearts
Israel is asking the UN for stuff? After defying UN resolutions,  for decades? What do they call nations like this, again..... Oh yeah: ROGUE STATE. The UN should INVADE Israel. Not serve them.
i stand with Israel❤
🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱 praise Israel, Defender of the west
Day of rage just like baboons....
They're going to nuke it........ fuuuuuuuck..........
World you suck Remember  2020 terrorists  was  fighting in Armenia Artsax Karabax you kept silence  Izrail gave them terrorists  weapons  they kill Armenians Now you wake upYou no why Armenia  have  no gas or oil you world supported  turkey  azerbagan  n8w you lern lesson terrorist got weapons  from azerbagan  and they killing you. Whst next
Now look at what hamas has caused, wherever one is , Is he happy? 😢
Show no weakness to people carry out barbaric acts like Hamas did. Make sure they NEVER get an opportunity to do it again. EVER.
Why do the Hamas involve the ordinary upright Palestinians in their madness?  And why do these Palestinians allow themselves to be used?  If they want peace, to live peacefully in the land allotted to them, then why dont they do something? 🤔
A very complicated & complex situation. Justice has to be done, we can’t let this happen again. But I hope the truly innocent people are spared. Hopefully, hamas will be destroyed with its coward leaders (one is hiding in qatar, what a coward).
Y 1,000,000,, it should be 2,000,000 Palestinians OUT,,,
"Lord Jesus Christ, Son of GOD, have mercy on me, a sinner"  please pray this now, or repeat the words as many times as you want 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏😊 try for at least 15 times aloud or inside of your head
How could a god promises sex in heaven. Nonsense!!!  What kind of God is this? This Allah is fucked top . This is Devil. Allah is Devil deceiver.
Day of rage?! It's only Friday.
most likely the rats r in the tunnel underneath there
And.. where are these people supposed to go?
We will see if Egyptian ‘brothers’ will want them…
May the Lord bless Israel
what has happened is Satan strike against GODS people OH ISRAEL Be strong!!!! THE GOD of all CREATION the one who laid the foundation of the earth and knows the stars by name is with you!!! so take heart ISRAEL he already has done a something for you the afgans where going to fight against you with all the stuff the us had left over but GOD gave them a great earthquake  and 2500 were killed
fyi, HAMAS 'forcefully' took over Gaza back in the day! They (Hamas) was killing Palestine Authority officials, until they had control...civilians had No choice or the means to keep Hamas from taking over Gaza. Palestinians had to settle for Hamas controlling Gaza and the PA beyond the Green Line.
God is with you Israel 🙏🙏🙏
REALY TELL THE UN REALY
We are all aware that those who are still left in GAZA are the HAMAS and other Islamic Militants.
You win Isreal..  tis written... Love from Australia.   NEVER AGAIN.
who beheads babies these people are not human
ISRAEL IF FIGHTING FOR THE WORLD --- THESE TERRORISTS HAVE ALREADY CARRIED OUT TERROR ACTS IN THE UK, FRANCE AND OTHER EUROPEAN COUNTRIES
talaga nga tumaray kayon inhabitants of gaza ta awan mabati 'no inhabitants'will be alive..this morning i saw in a dream a giant bird eagle?dinagit na dagiti tao!!
lol, deluded.
Sadly Palestinian population is responsible for allowing Hamas to use Gaza as their base, if there are 50k or 100k Hamas soldiers, most of the population is their family. I'm afraid Israel has no other choice ...there is no way back. :(
Asking the UN to actually do something? Nice touch.
Their Quran or Allah makes Muslims behave stupid no matter how educated they become. They are barbarians MFS.
Warning them is beyond stupid. No other country on the planet does that in war because it gives up the element of surprise. Israeli leaders are going to get more of their soldiers killed when they go in. Stop trying to appease the Jew hating world. The IDF should push that entire population of Muslim Nazis into Egypt where they belong. It's time for the tiny Jewish state to wash its hands of the Arabs problems. You owe them nothing.
Give them 24 seconds, not 24 hours  🇮🇱 🇮🇱🇮🇱
Hamas wants them to stay as human shields cowards they are. Dont care about the women and kids
A Day of Rage ? Cant they do their own dirty work anymore ? Now they are calling for more violence whilst denying their WAR CRIMES ........SICKENING
May God bless Israel as they destroy Hamas. Shame on the Muslim world for NOT condemning Hamas using children as their shields.
I don’t see the Gazan’s celebrating on the streets as they did Saturday.
Why the Nazi left keep saying about the Palestinian civilians. They wanted this Satanic attack to happen. Let's call it for what it is. Its The whole Nazi population of Gaza chanting "Death Death to Israel  & America" same as the rest of the Satanic muslim World.
God's people will always prevail. We stand with Israel  I do have a question ⁉️ why was there a idol/baal at the music festival?  THERE IS ONLY ONE GOD, THE FATHER OF ABRAHAM, ISAAC AND JACOB WHO IS OUR FATHER.  When the Israelites told Aaron they wanted to worship a god (turning away from our Lord God who saved them) by collecting all gold jewelry to make it, GOD was so angry with them that He wanted to destroy them. . But then Moses begged the Lord and said, don't let your anger destroy Your people whom You brought out of Egypt with Your great power and strength.  (You can read it in Exodus 32:9-14.)
HAMAS, YOU STARTED IT, DARE TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY, DON'T BE A COWARD...THE SATANIC FUCKING TERRORIST...Go there breastfeed to your grandma...👎👎👎👎❤️❤️❤️😡😡😡
Millions walked across the world to invade America. They can walk 10 miles out of a war zone!! Buses cars trucks it can be done.
Where aren't they dancing anymore.   Happiness n dancing has turned to crying and grieving.  Little did they know their actions has fucked top
Women and children could be allowed into Egypt ....
Stay blessed, Israel 🇮🇱...all right thinking people of the world, especially entire India, are with you. 🇮🇳
Слава Израилю !
Here comes Israels Stalingrad
Need to remove terrorists asap in order to free civilians.
There is no way back, this will be the last Gaza war, Hamas will be totally destroy
God bless the IDFs.  Protect them from all evils.   Praying for their safety.🙏🇮🇱🙏🇮🇱🙏
good , get them out , hamas hide in their buildings and these things cover for them
Another holocaust in the name of God .. shame shame
If some one kills your Baby and then expects you to protect his Baby then its a stupid and crazy way of thinking.
Bless Israel May god be with them with his mighty arm and root this evil from His land once and for all. Amen
yes Yes YES.  TELL THE WORTHLESS UN TO DO ITS JOB OR BUG OUT UN just had the gall to try to pin the growing humanitarian crises on Israel Instead of ALL THE ARAB COUNTRIES, RUSSIA, SYRIA, IRAN who have created fostered benefited from terrorism. UN gave Gaza to Egypt after the first FAILED Arab uprising, and for 30 yrs they used Palestinians as victims & foot soldiers instead of doing what they were supposed to, create an independent sovereign nation w a democratic govt. UN should be ordering EGYPT to open it's border, then help them set up camps etc in the desert.
The UN is a criminal organization. The Biden administration funded it
they want this war because the rightwing zionist netanyahu/sharon wing is losing it's people. they just need to leave some shit to wade through for the people to take their seats so they are kept busy and from undoing the damage of the Sharon Zionist expansion
They should all have headed South days ago
You have to leave so you don't die.  Palestine, no, this is a disgrace.   👀👀👀👀  - Bravo six going dark.
Israel’s major problem right now may not even be Hamas at this moment. The UN, EU, the leftist Media, and those who persue the policy of apeasement on Iran is a major concern!
Israel has given Palastinian civilians a warning that Hamas Palastinians did not give civillians in Israel... In fact they deliberately and purposely didnt warn them.  The two sides innocent deaths are not equal.
Muslims never wanted another Muslims in thier land.... they want to spread to peace loving nations to spread jihad.
Israel should ask all the woman and children to leave through a safe passage then flatten the lot including the dens In Sinai
Satanic and barbaric act by Hamas, Israel 🇮🇱  🇮🇱 🇮🇱 will prevail.
Stop shipping water to Jordan  .
We are always with you Israel 🇮🇱
Great 🇮🇱🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇱🇮🇱
"oh we're giving them early warnings" - just like the nazis announced the cleansing of the ghettos
Once upon a time long long ago, there used to be a slum called gaza, people there had a family business called hamas, their slogan was Allahu bomber. 😂😂😂 #wipeoffgaza
really nicole? not just the baby-beheading lies, now inviting pundits that just expand on your lies? don't you get it?
Lets watch Israeli diplomacy,  Jewish diplomacy.  Palestine isnt Israel.
People support Palestine. It's you who want to see Hamas in everyone!
Where do 1 million civilians go in just 24 hours? This is half of Gazas population ffs.
All the way with Israel ❤
All the arabs needed to do was not murder innocent babies and civilians and the would have been permitted to continue to live on Jewish land. Time to reap now.
Don’t come in my town with your “day of rage” 😡  We are more than you and we are not funny…
Now they cannot say they were not warned at the UNRW Shalom Israel ❤️
If you stay you are a Hamas.......
Thank you ISREAL, you've been created blessed. Stay blessed!!
First they are dancing and celebrating on brutal Murder of Israelis Now playing victim card.
It says Egypt does not want the Palastinians. Wonder why.
Find and flood those hamas underground tunnels with free 24/7 unlimited seawaters supply from the seawaters nearby and it for good permanently!
what an irony, when you have to report on the consequences of the lies you helped peddle without actual confirmation or evidence. they used you
GBY Israel to A successful project to Eliminate Hamas in Gaza
Seems reasonable... "1 million people, move over there while we bomb your houses flat please." I guess they are going to bulldoze Gaza into the sea. The experts agree.
Israel kill and occupying area of falaastein people,israel is the terrerist state in world, humanity knows it,israel people is that who try kill jesus ,where israel lived there is always in peace.
Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the Inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in The name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of Darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost Children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious Anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know My name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee." ⚔✝⚔⚔✝
👈 I feel the hate
Esau vs. Ishmael
This could happen in a relatively unproblematic way if only Egypt would allow people to leave. But they don't. They want people to stay and die as collateral damage, to be able to blame Israel for it, and falsely claim that they target civilians on purpose. A cynical, psychopathic use of civilians from Hamas and Egypt both.
This is written about in Jeremiah 47:1-7 it says Gaza and Ashkelon will be total destruction. If people would just read the Bible they would know what’s happening. The Rapture is soon.
