One slip and your wife could become mince meat. Please be careful and never get on the front of spinning augers 👏
You gotta put a remote start on that Pontiac engine
I really wish would play the theme from the A-Team when your fabricating stuff ( I know copyright) issues right? lol 🙂Keep smiling
It bugs me that you haven't greased the chain that drives those two augers.
Completely a genius Riley in what you ad Courtney do 👍💯
That is an impressive build! I hope you have plans for a blower kill switch inside the cab.
I would put a little bit of weight in the bed just to balance it out a little
That's some hi tech red neck shit right there
Fantastic build❤, congratulations. But don’t ever let your wife stand out in front of a snowblower. It will start throwing rocks and stuff. I’m a 78 year old farmer and I’ve blown snow most of my life with that size or bigger.
It is so funny Riley has a smile on his face full of excitement and you have a smile on your face full of fear
put four tanks on the rear fill with water for weight or dirt but you need weight & see the difference
cool concept but the echotech is TERRIBLE engine, would absolutely not choose that engine for any project. get a kubota 3 cylinder diesel or a 4bt or something.
I'd have just used a 12 volt electric winch to lift the blower. I have one on my truck to lift my plow and it worked flawlessly for the past 25 years.
No doubt about it - that is amazing work! Good job you two!
Another amazing project!!!😊🎉❤
seen a little in the future video (and whent back to see the build ) you mentioned needing to be able to adjust the trottle  i was thinking : maibe you can use the hydraulics controll box and the relay block to mount a servo to the trottle , than again you need sumting to automaticly adjust the rpm to a certain evel under load , guess you need sumting to controll the servo through the rpm sensor to a set rpm , might actually want a rev counter on the engine too that you can see from the cab (monster tach?)  might be a good idea to build some sort of cover too as the thing likely going to be stored outside and some sort of storage rack that allows you to drive the truck against it and mount it without the help of the skidsteer
Hyyy bro would u like thanking ur wife she helps u overtime u both r good couples 🎉
Pretty brave, standing downhill of the whirling death-blades on a snowy/icy hill.
YOU BUILT THE BLOWER??  where is the video of building the blower?  i think you mounted a snow blower
What happenend to the ultimate snowblower fter the skid steer snow blower arrived?
Riley es great, very intelligent and Courtney is a great partner.
Y’all have to be engineers like me. Watching your videos, I’m impressed.
Discharge blocks drivers view and you need a ton or more of weight in the rear.
You need Ballast in the back for traction chute will cover the blower engine with snow, if you lower tire pressure traction goes up
It's bad to the bone. But if you git that beast stuck with the blower on it you'll need a dozer to git you out. What is propelling the blower?? A hydro pto or self contained engine. . That's an awsome truck but not a snow vehicle. Not enough weight on the wheels Weight is traction. . I watched u build the track drive units for that Cherokee before you built your shop. Like I said you have a lot of money?Dandahermit
You didn't build the ultimate snoblower you just installed it.. Dandahermit
Every since the first time I ever watched yall i figured you must br the kid of some wealthy man. Like ehere da hell you git all that money!!! ???
did you folks put weight on the deck over top of the rear diff will cut down the bounce in the front
#Jealouse ID LOVE to have one of those trucks!
Add an electrostatic filter to the fan and it will get rid of the fines...use with no fuel vapors.
you have no idea how much snow this is going to throw i am willing to bet you would have no prob with any amout of depth my buddy has a similar snowblower on his tractor and it goes through 5 6 ft of snow luke nuttin
put some heavyhearted springs to help with the lifting and lowering of the snowblower😊
How about trying it out in a place that has more than an inch of snow. Try that in Newfoundland for a real test
CO JE TO ZA ZNAČKU NAKLADAKU
Did I miss the point where he explained why you didn't put it on the back?  Driving backwards sucks if you have to crane your neck, but a rear view camera fixes that. That would have made it much easier to get lots of up angle travel to get it way out of the snow when needed. Also, the weight distribution would be better. With the blower on the front and ~10deg up travel, the truck can only be used as a snow blower. With it on the back with more up travel, you still have a useful truck with a blower hanging off the back.  The talk about adding weight is quite silly. With a blower you're not supposed to be pushing much snow and you should be clearing all the way to the ground. With that blower setup it must weigh nearly 20,000lbs. 46"tires...chains...traction should not be an issue.....unless you burry it down to the axles and anchor the blower on deep snow.  Got it working. Now put in on the back with 30 degrees of up travel.
Hay It's 🐜 ANT again for The wait for the back of the truck have you ever seen a water weight system so when you go up and down hills the water shifts in a kind of tube sort of just it also is good for four-wheel drive with mud trucks and stuff climbing rocks it makes it so nothing tips over the water goes on the opposite side that's
Hello My Name Is Ant Professional Snowboarder kicking It With East Coast Riding Way Up In Maine Getting Ready For A Big Tore Two Six Different countries. I'm A Welder Fabricateder As well Mainly For big metal sculptures from different types of metal. But anyhow just to say it looks great sounds great you did a great job man keep it up. From your boy Anthony Choiniere AKA ANT-Man on the East Coast in Northern MAINE Keep Up The Amazing Ideas And Your unique style of welding and metal fabrication God bless you. 🐜
WOW. A snowblower on an LMTV, never would have thought. Regardless of the weight, just remember we would add up armor to those vehicles during deployment. Also, if you need schematics let me know, I should have that vehicle in PDF format if you need to find something.
Add weight in back  for better traction
It will help to put some weight in the back. You guys are great. Keep it up.
Hi Riley.  Is it possible that You could draw the hydraulics and make a partslist?
Now take some thin Gage and make extension for snow shoot, to get snow Cloud out of way, cuz truck is Higher. 3’to4’ should do it,   Great 👍 job guys
Well here it is 10 months since I watched this video.   You should have rubber wipers on the fan that throws the snow through the shute, believe me this does work, then you spray some Pam on the barrel So the rubbers have time to wear in.  Next thing you need to do is add enough weight so you don't get stuck.
It's too heavy in front, had to put weights in the back
sadat
First impression, it was a mistake to put all that leveraged weight onto the front of the truck. I think it would be easier on everything if there were two swivel tires directly under the weight of the blower. They would lower and raise the blower without changing the weight on the front of the truck.
Needs Trax
I mean it's not really a homemade snowblower is it? But good job repurposing it. And wow you must have a ton of money to buy all that equipment. Good for you, 99% of people can't afford to do that.
is there any way you can lock the differentials on the Army truck ??? that would really help to keep the truck from getting stuck as you can see once one wheel spins it stops pulling... I would think you could purchase the parts to do that it is an army truck after all ! but even if the parts are really expensive I think it would be worth every cent !!!!!!
I think you guys need a shop exhaust fan..... yah it would blow out your heat BUT it would keep you from suffocating your wife dogs and Kid.... things like stick welding galvanized pipe can be deadly and you already know that welding in general puts out alot of smoke.... if you happen to need to weld a really grimy part the smoke will fill the shop so fast it will take an hour to clear out ! smoke can be extremely deadly.... and it's not to be taken lightly.... I did and walked through a rather large cloud of sulfur smoke and wasn't thinking about it... my lungs simply quit working.... I couldn't breathe in at all.... realising my predicament I exhaled as much as I could which wasn't much I could then inhale just a little after a few minutes of that I finally got my lungs to work again...scared the heck out of me ! that was really serious, thank god I didn't inhale real hard walking through that cloud of smoke ! we burned sulfur to fumigate our water tower structure it was infested with every bug on the planet ! that did the trick ! no more bugs !  if you burn sulfer to kill bugs or rodents do not get in the smoke.... even if you don't breathe it you soak it in through your skin and can get really sick.... it's bad news  !
Brilliant, incredibly brilliant!
Truely amazing and loved watching a genius at work 👍
It looks like it's leaving an awful lot of snow behind several inches I don't know if your float is dropping down low enough or not.
What camera are you using?
Riley, I'm very impressed with your skill and tenacity
This boy has skills and is a nice guy. She married well.
One request for the person who manage youtube account  please do make playlist of each of your project so that as a viewer we can enjoy each part in sequence :)
man you are one hake of Engr ...... Hats off ... to you man .... !!
You guys have incredible skills.
Log truck chains required; heavy, hard steel ones.
Go look and photo the commercial versions used by County and State units and ask questions on controls and anti-ground plowing add-ons. Excellent work. Auction sites with that sort of machine for sale for ideas?  Love your videos.
files or you di not make it
What make and model is that little camera? Please
I grew up on a farm in NZ - it was basically clay soil - used land rovers with cleats instead of chains  - replace the chain that goes between the the tyre tread and the ground with a flat bar (with ends towards the wheel hub to keep the bar centred on the tyre tread) and have a a flat bar at right angle to the tyre tread to supply the grip - an adaption of crawler tractor tracks - bloody brilliant in clay - may work on snow / ice
Riley is a true engineer and awesome wielder. Courtney does a fabulous job on the videos and editing. I watched another of their videos where Courtney is doing quite a bit of heavy lifting when around 8 months pregnant. You both have my highest admiration in regards to any project you take on.
I would put a concrete weight block on back of truck to give you the traction  on all 4,s wheels
Please turn of the music
What a great project! I would be nice to see this clearing a normal snow thickness ( at least half of the height of the blower ) . I was wondering afterward why you did not adapt it to your skid steer rather than truck. The skid steer can manage tilting, additional cylinder or even an hydraulic motor that could power the blower… and the skid steer would be way more easy to drive in the snow.
This guy can build a real functioning IRON MAN....
PUT SOME WEIGHT IN THE BOX..
Side business- cleaning neighbor's roads.
🙋🏼‍♂️🇪🇪👍🏼✌🤗
That’s nothing short of genius glad I found the video stay safe stay warm
Having used a 3pt blower for years.  The corner you lost traction on...... would need some back and forth blowing.  That's the bad part of blowers versus blades.
Nice tig weld. That pattern 👌is this your first time installing hydraulic pump?
quit grinning at the damn camera and get to work
Just wondering if you forgot how important weight was for this sorta thing. Without a thousand or so pounds over the rear axial to counter balance the extra weight now on the front plus extra to help with actual ground contact , you end up stuck and riding a bucking bronco as the rear jumps up every time it gets some traction an then losses  it as the tires leave the ground.     Sorry I did forget to say that the project was really cool. And if you have some sort of bed adding logs, gravel, sand, stones, or tractor weights will help solver your bronco issues , any weight thats at least 4/3's the fronts current weight will give you grip on the ground and stop the bucking.
Try a pair of 5K air bags on the front suspension to level out the truck. O yes BTY fantastic job
You definitely need more weight in the back! Nice job I was impressed with all your equipment and knowledge! I Subscribed!
with all the weight up front,. the truck cantilevers weight off the back axle,.  you need a 2 ron weight on the back deck,.  the truck is tippy toeing on its nose,..
so you installed hydraulics after all... the entire blower could've run off a 12/24v hydraulic pump mounted truck side and shaved all that engine weight off the blower. no extra fuel coolant/antifreeze and all that makes that engine run... would've taken half the time and energy in materials, fab and install. there qre hydraulic QD fittings so 2 QD couplings for supply and return hydraulic hose would have been the only connection to truck other than the actual mounting system for the blower. Your work in the design and fabrication is of course "impressive". IMO you made the project so much more complicated and time consuming than was required and in the end fabbed your own hydraulic system anyways, which is all that was needed to power the system in the 1st place. Don't get me wrong Riley, i LOVE what Courtney and You do and love watching your content.
Welding skills is very impressive along with everything else I see damn
Instant subscribe!
My god man, put some safety features on that thing.
It's really great you have everything you need to do this build in your shop. I'm glad to see you chained up. Some extra weight in the back would help but at the end where you got stuck you didn't clean your path ! All that weight on the front lightens the rear. Also if you ever noticed snow plows and blowers lift by a cylinder lifting a chain so you get a float action with it. That way it will seek its own level within a few inches on dips and rises. I want to see it in some deep snow since I'm not sure where you're at in guessing you got some heavy recent snow. Also we run transmission fluid in our hydraulic because it remains fluid in extreme cold and doesn't foam up.
Add weight to the rear of your truck, this will help counterbalance your snow blower and help with traction as well. All the weight (right now) is centered on the front axle, by adding weight to the rear you will improve the weight distribution on your vehicle.
Throw a winch on the back of it and you need some weight back there and you won’t get stuck. You guys are awesome. Be blessed.
I'm totally impressed by this project. This is so cool! You're a DIY inspiration Casey.
Hope you figured out that you might need weight in the  back of truck for traction  and some counter balance
Nice project. Its definetly a good piece of work.  Personally, i whould have tried to make something like a 3-Point hitch on the truck. You know, what some tractors have at the back. But your option looks good too.  If the lifted blower is too heavy, you can simply put a concrete slab on the back of the truck to "counter" the weight. (Maybe a salt spreader whould do that job too?)  And maybe adding some stabilizing free turning wheels on the blower so that it can "roll" on the ground when its lowered.  Oh, and dont forget to put the front lights more up if you dont have it already. Also front lights, turning lights, work lights and so on so that the blower doesnt block the lights when you work in the dark.
👏👏👏👏👍
Made me really nervous when you were so close to that snowblower when it was Turning
Love to see how this blower work for the new road. On the old road it look like it wasn’t cut low enough to the road bed.
Wow awesome nice creation what a good job 👍
By adding ballast to the bed of the truck will help with the traction. Most snow plows on a pickup truck require some ballast to help maintain control of the truck and provide equal traction of all the tries.
I hope that when you wire the throttle/cruise control for the blower into the cab of the truck that you also wire the blower motor ignition into the cab with a push-button ignition switch, or something similar.
Nice work & fabrication! You may want to consider multiple mounting holes do that when you let the blower down, it's parallel with the ground. It looks like it's raised up at an angle when touching the ground
Hi, somewhere down the line you announced that you are expecting a baby. Congratulations 🎊  In that piece you asked if you could what machinery would you buy.  I have thought about this and my humble suggestion it a Timber mill. The reason is two fold. First the amount of good timber that is around,  Second the amount of timber you are going to use in the coming years ahead,  and the price of timber you buy, it will pay for itself especially when the raw materials are free.  Keep going I am a bit envious of you as 40 years ago I would be there to help and enjoy every minute of it. Cheers Richard from the UK.
Maybe in the summer you could look at mounting a 3 point system on the front of the truck. I think it could be done pretty simple then you could tip it back and forth.
When those blowers are on the back of a tractor you can tip it forward and back to help keep it cutting in the snow then it won't ride up on top of the snow.
Looks like N. Idaho may get more snow (as of 2/21) and it's getting cold, really cold so the snow will be powdery for a while.  Can't wait to see this machine work the snow.  Who knows, it may be snowmageddon again this winter season.
Now you just need to set up a wiring harness that plugs into the front of the truck so you can control the blower from inside the cab (like starting and stopping the blower and controlling the angle of the discharge Shute.  For the throttle control I would use a heavy duty adjustable locking throttle cable.
To get better traction, snow or otherwise,  you need some weight in the back. You ESPECIALLY need the weight with that snowblower.  Think about reversing the ram so it minimizes the possibility of water/snow/ice accumulation on it and getting past the seal. You should also have some sort of in cab kill switch!!!!
Use a velocity fuse for the down return circuit so it doesn't slam down. Allows full flow in and reduces flow out for a controlled decent. Used on forklifts for safety.
Congrats on the snowblower with that being said now you will have to make a chain guard that goes all the way around and that will hold oil for the chain.  Now on the sides of your snowblower you will need to make some side guards for snow, Then you will want to get a wear blade on the bottom of your blower now here's the part you might think I got my head screwed on right take an old bias type tire and cut the tread out of the tire then TAKE THE TREAD CUT IT IN HALF, TAKE THE TREAD PUT IT UNDER THE SKID PLATE AND BOLT IT DOWN LET IT HANG 3" LOWER THAN THE WEAR BLADE THIS WAY IT WILL HELP THE BLOWER LAST A LIFE TIME!
Might be a good idea to put the blower down all the way into the work position not scratch the surface and not leave more snow behind than you move, another good idea would be to fill the back of the truck with some ballast to balance it out and to give the rear some traction.
I see one possible issue. Did you take into consideration where the engine oil pickup pipe is in the engine that powers your blower?.  I would check that as in the up or work position the engine maybe starved of oil due to it not being level as it would have been when it was in the car you removed it from.
hmm  wonder how this older lady got this young man? ;)
Looks like it would work great to clean up some homeless
Really interesting video. I think there are a few things to consider. First, there is too little clearance between the equipment on the blower skid and the front of the truck. I think that instead of a simple tilt, you need to replace that motion with a vertical lift, a means of extending the blower forward and backward, and a tilt of the blower itself. This would allow you to change the angle of attack of the blower front to the snow and to raise or lower the position of the mouth of the blower in relation to the snow. For really tall snow banks, you may want to first clear off the upper level of snow and then lower the blower to remove the lower level of snow.   Another factor to consider is keeping the blower high enough above the ground so that when you are transiting to the snow you want to clear, there is enough clearance so that the bottom of the blower does not hit the ground if the suspension of the truck bottoms out. You may also need a counter weight on the back to ensure you have sufficient traction on all drive wheels. I am just guessing here though.   While I can appreciate that your approach is modular, like that used by Larue in its D stage blowers (mounted on front end loaders), another configuration to consider is perhaps mounting the drive motor on a base that sits over the back wheels and either running a drive shaft forward or perhaps even a hydraulic line to a hydraulic motor that would, in turn, drive the blower stages.
Great job, great toy ! 👍 BUT: I would rather prefer to be snowed in together with her ❤😃
Someone likely already offered this advice, but you need to add about 2,000 lbs (big rocks?) in the rail end of the box of the truck, which would balance out the truck and give better traction to the rear wheels. But it is a really well thought out concept, just needs a little tweaking and it will be your best friend in the winter!
I Think that you would do better if you put some heavy  weight in the bed of the truck, would balance it out better and improve the grip on the rear wheels, giving the chains a chance to work. If you look at professional blowers, they always carry salt in the truck bed. Apart from that brilliant work
I know this project is almost complete, but I was thinking about it when I couldn't sleep and I had a thought. A good reason why the truck got stuck in the mud is that it is likely now to front heavy. The Moment arm created by the long blower is large for a truck that did not have anything mounted up front previously, and then you added the weight of the motor. The easy fix is to add some counter weight in the bed of the truck. The cooler and more complex solution, would be to unmount the engine, mount it on a skid which can be mounted and unmounted as needed in the truck bed, and then connect the motor to a hydraulic pump. You can run hoses up to the blower where a hydraulic motor runs the augers, but you then have an industrial sized hydraulic pump that can be mounted to the truck for different future projects, maybe a post hole digger. sorry for the stream of consciousness, was just thinking about this last night. Love the channel.
How the heck do you get an army truck stuck ill never know .
Put some wight in the back of the back of the truck for tracktion
Put water in your plasma cutter table then the metal won't be hot an u won't have the dust
Please check into a counter-balance valve  or double piloted check valve to backup the center position on that cylinder. Also look into inline hose break valves and flow controls to control tr rate of drop on that cylinder. None of these add to functionality, but make it safer.
I luv this build!!!!!!
I think you should make a electric farm jeep runabout which will save on fuel costs & open the door for DIY tracked vehicles.
You would have been better off with a tractor. Parts and power alone would have saved you money in the long run.
It’s ALL BIG!!
🇧🇷👊
You could have got all that pump in the controls and everything right off Amazon they use them on torch for pullin mobile homes and several other things that I got it all off Amazon.
Awesome result !  Great Job.. BUT . Now you know that  the front axel needs suspension upgrades and  more weight on the rear axel .  Great Video Thanks
love this type of vidoe
I should send you a new sticker for that blower.
U guys r amazing,  luv seein how ur ideas come 2together!
That control box unit looks pretty bitchin. I like the idea of one wire sending a signal
At 18.50 my heart almost stopt. Never ever stand infront off a rotating snowblower.
Speechless :)
Great mechanic fabricator!.
Game changing, with pickles! & whiskey of course
As a Snowbloweroperator in austria: you should blow the snow to the right side (drinkerside) so that you can see what you are doing, and mount adjustable wheels on each side of the blower to adjust the height of the blade/the whole blower. the rest looks pretty good
So put a fan in the wall
I would also like to recommend what may be obvious. If you like this content, take a minute to consider who of your family, friends and acquaintances who might also like this healthy break during their day. Send them a note encouraging them to look and even subscribe to Ambition Strikes. This would help Courtney and Riley. And would make a great baby present!
Congratulations on reaching 300K subscribers!
Great job! I loved this video series.
You two are so awesome and creative. Love the clean language, rare these days. You must have had great examples in your life, that brought you up right.
You need to put weight in the back over the rear wheels so they get better attraction and the balance out the weight that's on the front
Very nice job! A couple of things you're going to need to look into first you need to brace the radiator better. Remember,  that is just plastic and aluminum and it's flimsy.  If you don't do it the radiators will break. When it cracks there is no good way to fix it. You need to find a way to cover the motor and all the electronics,  if they're out of the weather all the time water will get into places that will cause issues. One last small thing is on the air inlet cover it a piece of wire 3/8 inch square mesh will do. It has to be small enough so mice can't get in and big enough to not get plugged up with snow. On the exhaust do the same th8ng. Mouse houses are amusing when blowing out but mouse urine will eat through a muffler quickly.  I like the way you did the lift. You could have done the same thing by using a hydroelectric plow lift with some chain. it would with just a small control and one ram. However your solution is elegant as well. I'm not trying to be an armchair curmudgeon, I just saw those small things that need to be addressed so the machine continues to remain a trouble free quality piece of equipment that doesn't drive you nuts every time you try to use it.  Best regards,  Bob from Virginia USA PS, Spelling errors can be explained be insomnia and pain, in pain not trying to be a pain! lol
Hi iv just seen your vid of the snow blower.  You used snow chains you need to let air out of your tyres down to somewhere 15 psi or lower for better grip
I see the storage containers in the background. Did you build your own shelves to hold those or did you buy the shelves?
Add some stuff to make it road legal castors, lights e.t.c
You need balllast weight over rear axle, to balance out traction....otherwise always going be getting stuck.
Are you going to have some more weight in the back on your  truck ?
I think you would get less problems (getting stuck), if you would load something havy in the back of your truck. To compensate the weight hanging at the front.
lol, doesn't actually work too well..  as I said. The engine is not running at an ideal rpm to have peak torque and the 3 belts cannot transfer that much power.   Tractor and industrial engines that run these types of implements are long stroke, high torque enignes. Complete opposite from a cavalier engine..
Great job - engineering and welds are impressive.   Question, not a criticism, a question:  Why didn't you just put a snow blower on that nice, tracked, skid steer that was parked in your yard?  Cab, heat, quick detach if you 'get stuck'.  Money?   Anyway, very nice work, including the photography.  Congratulations.
you really should add heavy-duty solid rubber caster wheels to the snow blower like commercial highway plows. it will really save you from wear and help keep all the weight off the front axle, as well as reduce pushing friction.
Load the truck with some of the stone around the house' it's free and the only expense then is the fuel; and you'll have better traction, yes I realize this was practice and the old road, but as a navy vet the term "CYA" come to mind. Good luck and thankyou all for shareing!!!
8t it was fun watching the blower work, and yes you're gonna need a throttle control along the lines of your drone (stepper solenoid and a transmitter etc. let "Momma " run the throttle!!!!
Only problem I see is the Pontiac enjine lol get a toyota or a honda and your set
A set of gauge wheels on the back side of the blower head will help during operation. It will keep it from digging into the ground and allow for a smoother operation.
Need some weight in the back for traction
personally i would put half to three quarters of a ton of weight to balance the weight on the front to aid traction i would also beef up the hyd ram point on the frame hit a stone!!! bent!!!
That’s why you leave the blower down to clear path and not get stuck
Holy  wow, Batman batwomen, great 👍  ready coooooooooooooooool. Hey guys, I do snowplowing for a livin,  and the 1st thing that I do is put stone in the back bed. About 4 tons. Maybe more, counter bounce and weight.   never gets struck.  You need  the weight  for treaction, try it , and t works ! Will take some of the weight off the front end, too, the way the nose  dives . Yes, it will work. Try it !    ❤️ ya
Should put some lights on the lip and turn signals and get like a trailer harness you can plug it into main vehicle with. You also need weight in the back to offset all that wieght in the front plus it will help with traction.
Looking at this again on Feb 08 and noticed you've hit the 300K subscribers. Wow! Congratulations!
Congrats on 300K subscribers
Can we...you know Hear it??
Very nice
You need to add weight to the back of the truck so that part of the truck has traction as well
I'd still beef up the front springs just because of unexpected deflection, you wouldn't want that blower to get bent up because of a bump in the road.
Awesome and very creative, the welds look good. At the 18:30 mark I noticed a safety issue, you are sitting on the ground underneath the blower unit, don't trust a 15 cent o- ring. Thanks I enjoyed the video be safe.
Wait why are you so calm? This made me miss how CC's used to say a thing just once, they talked calmly, measured and deliberately. Everybody else just goes AUUW AUWW OFOFFFFF AAAUWUW UHUH AAAH. Lots of screaming and hollering, while you're as calm as can be! You even edited down the volume when you got excited for it working! 😊 Subbed!
I would recommend adding weight to back of trk at least 50% of the blower because then you probably won't get stuck.   Very cool and might want to add  the ability to kill the engine from the cab
wow... that is one cool beast......
Another trick an old guy taught me was to deflate your tires, put chains on, and then re-inflate.   You can get your tire chains much tighter...
If that big diesel doesn't have a block heater on it, I would order one and plug it in 90 minutes b4 you need it.
You need to put some weight in the bed of that to offset the weight in the front. Looks like there was almost no weight on the back axle.
A little dangerous
Lol...love your start stop neat...gets the job done
I think you are one of the smartest engineers when it comes to designing. There are a few good comments on here so I'll give you a couple more only because they are important. It was suggested that your snowblower needs to float so that it cuts down to ground level. To prevent it from digging into the ground you can put on some skid shoes or wheels...aka tires. SECOND..rpm first if you don't know find out what the snowblower rpm was designed for...its either going to be 540 rpm or 1000 rpm. If it's a 540 you can not for safety reasons run it at 1000 rpm. You need to find a way to know what the fan rpm is and you need to have that reading inside the cab of the truck. If it's a 540 snowblower you can run it up to let's say 650 top in rpm. If it's a 1000-rpm snowblower you can run it safely at 1100 rpm and under. But you need to find what your snowblower is designed for and you can set your throttle for 540 or 1000 rpm and let it set there and forget about it as long as you are snowblowing. The fan turns at the same speed as the tractor pto and all we do is set it to that speed by looking at it in the cab of the tractor. So you need to pick up the fan rpm and display it in your truck. THIRD and final comment from me is preventing your truck from getting stuck. The truck needs weight added if your going in the snow period, especially that military design truck. Simple weight in front of the snowblower lifts the weight off the rear wheels. the solution is easy if the snowblower weight is 1500 lbs you need to add 2000 to 3000 lbs over the rear wheels and anchor it down...you need the weight of the snowblower plus any weight above that over the rear wheels to help that terrible design truck for not getting stuck....so add weight snowblower plus over the wheels and I'll watch the big changes in snowblower on your video...take care and congratulations on the baby. I kind of knew several videos back being a 72 yr old father the look on her face gave her away....lolololol
The real test will be when you have feet of snow to clear.
Did you put up no hunting signs on your property?
Just a radnom question: is there a video about your Internet installation or something like that?
Small tip from truck driver here  But 1000 or 2000 pound of weigth  on your bed that way you get a lot more tracktion all around. But its looks amasing.. love your projekts
Next time put a concrete block on the plate tie it youl get traction in the back dont forget to tie it down !! Have a good one and god bless !!!
OK awesome build that is really cool great welds😎👍👍👍 by the way👍 big question I have do you still have the dozer I know it’s the middle of the winter just feel I needed to ask haven’t seen it in any of the videos lately🤔🤔🤔
As a former plowtruck driver and tractor snowblower operator in Northern Norway i see some things that might help out. 1. Grind some real ridges in the lower blower preferably every 1,5-3cm Atlest 1cm long and 0,5cm deep. 2. Get a blade that scrapes the bottom. 3. Have some weight in the truck, over the rear axle or even a tiny bit behind it at least 2tons. 4. When putting on chains to get them as tight as possible make sure they lay good on the tires with every single chain link and tight them again after 300m 2 times and don’t be afraid to tighten them even more. 5. Don’t spin with chains on, or spin as little as possible, since they will break easily (have done this to many times my self) since I am now a truck driver in northern Norway. 6. Mount some adjustment skids in front of the blades. This is all written to help. But really cool video and build really love your creativity!
I think weight in the back would significantly improve your Turing ability. Looks like it’s just floating the rear tires instead of pivoting around on them
Where are y’all?  Traveling?
Wow I'm impressed!  Throw something heavy in the back of that truck and get the rear tires more bite. Front axle is trying to do all the work by itself.
Weight on the rear to counterbalance the snowblower?
Might want to get a few sand bags to throw in the back of the bed for a bit of counter weight
Enjoy the following video and consider the opportunity to augment your truck tires.  https://youtu.be/n688PLy8Lzc Wishing you a safe winter journey, gentle seasonally appropriate weather and restful evenings.  Peace
ju get a plow truck
Great job Riley
Great video Riley and Courtney
Are you going to wire your ignition through your multi-button unit?
guys guys guys, you got stuck because was clear since 16:04 you need weight on the back of the truck, it's dangerous without, put some heavy stuff in the back like salt sprayer... for your safety!
Riley! You are a machine! I was watching this and It just struck me how amazing this is. You took an idea and hit it out of the park. I have been watching this channel for a while now and I am constantly amazed at the content that you and Courtney create! Thank you for making my morning!
The bar rack only needs to be 12" high enough to keep stones and tree branches out.
Wicked job
That’s a wicked set up. You should trying some weight in the back, would help traction out big time
The crazy part for me is this is all off grid! All the cutting, welding with solar and batteries. Awesome.
You are an amazing individual. Absolute brilliance.
what is the super small hand held camera brand and model ???
spoke to soon chains it is / IBC totes on the bed can be lifted on and off with forks to adjust weight distribution
I would think about chains and a water tank in the bed to be able to add and substract weight to adjust weight on back wheels
Wouldn’t a couple thousand pounds of ballast in the truck bed help things out a bit?  Congrats on the family news.
I think that the backend needs some weight on it. Would give better traction with 4x4. When you turned it around without chains the back wheels were quick to slip.
Will you epoxy the concrete?
Slow down the rpm on the input screws...
I suggest that you put a guard over the front, so nothing can fall in being human animal anything, you might have an animal run across the front they will die
❤❤❤❤😊😊😊😊😊
I haven't read all the comments, but you can purchase a belt drive governor control to hook to the carb/throttle body. They aren't cheap, but very effective and tunable also. You don't have me doubting your skills to install and adjust it for sure! (Just GOOGLE belt drive governor controls) it'll start you in the right direction.
It's good to know there's people out there who can still do things for themselves and are smart enough to pull it off . Now just male some blueprints on how you did it and sell them to like minded people .
Maybe it's my tendency to over build but I feel like that single hydraulic cylinder isn't long for this world.
Yeah remember the blower has to eat through the snow so don't overdrive the blower
Yeah remember the blower has to eat through the snow so don't overdrive the blower
Yeah remember the blower has to eat through the snow so don't overdrive the blower
Yeah remember the blower has to eat through the snow so don't overdrive the blower
Your mind boggles mine.  From adding a car engine to an industrial snowblower, creating a mounting system to hold it, figuring out how to add the components needed to lift, level, and lower the blower past the level point to be in a negative direction, creating all the mounts using your plasma cutter.  Your mind works like you have a master's and doctorate degree in mechanical engineering or that might be just too easy for you.  Very, Very impressive as well as your talents used in making the Snowverlander.  Well Done!!!!
This was nothing short of amazing! You’ll be a million sub channel before you know it! Congrats on the baby I’m betting he or she will have red hair.
21:22 fuz
U need some weight on the back of the truck
Keep this projet under wraps.  Soon  you'll be clearing eveyone's driveway and maybe even some county roads.  But it could be a money maker for you.
It looked like the blower was running backwards at 1:04.   Was that an optical illusion?
Run it wide open and let it eat. Tractors wont rev up and down when running a 3 point snowblower. Wide open till the jobs done.
Good job building that snowblower here's word of thoughts put some weight in the back of that truck a little more traction on that rear part they should be fine
Nice job. One thought get a good base of hard packed snow before using. Saves on throwing rocks. I’m sure your planning on shields to keep the snow off things.
Brilliant!
You stole my thunder M@.  LOL  A floater position on the hydraulics is critical.  It allows the blower to freely move up and down depending on the terrain.  I'm a heavy equipment operator and front end loaders allow you to float the bucket to smooth out surfaces as you drive backwards.  Thomas Dutkiewicz
Judging by the snow left behind I'm guessing the angle of the dangle is wrong. But excellent first try!
I was wondering why you used a spherical bearing/heim connection for the blower instead of something with more support?
Also,  please do not let anyone stand within several hundred feet in front of or just off to the side of the blower when it is running.   If it catches a rock or good chunk of ice, the augers can make it a deadly projectile.
A nice prof of concept.   A few things to consider would be making an agtual 3 point mounting system to absorb some extra shock  and keep the blower level regardless of the height.     I would reccomend adding some heavy duty caster heels just behind the blower with their own lifting system ro reduce the force going into the frame.   That is a lot of weight for that frame and over time it will show.   Plus that front suspension is not really made for that much weight being added to it.      Tire chains are rated for the size of tire when the tire is brand new.   Those tires look far from brand new and have probably lost several inches of circumfrence which is why the chains were way too long if they were actually the right size for the tire.    Curring chains to exactly fit a tire is not a great idea,  you want extra length for when it is difficult to put them on.
I `ve never blown snow before but couldnt the big cat not have done the same thing?
PS, a home made pto, I love it!!!!!
A little grease on those mounting pins and some oil on that chain wouldnt hurt a thing
Love the channel!! Im sure someone has asked this but if you were to do it all over again and could only have a skid steer or excavator what would you go with? I have 40 acres of raw land on a mountain and realize I need to go much bigger than a a chainsaw and a 4-wheeler ;).
Cruzin into town for ice cream in a snowblower truck, classic!
Put some weight in rear
Fabricators don't guess....
You should consider either buying or fabricating a sander for the dump body for the winter. Another fun project for you to do and us to watch and learn. You two are amazing and congratulations on your pregnancy 🎉
Rube Goldberg would be proud!!!
I've done that filter box fan combo before, very simple, and just spring for nice filters (3m filtrete), fantastic for many uses.
You did an awesome job mount motor the gas tank the hydraulics. But you modify the snow blow you didn’t build it not knocking you cause you did an awesome job
Also, you could’ve just bought a hydraulic PTO…
That was not a success. The blower rode on top of the snow and didn't dig down to the hard packed earth below.  Why try to reinvent the wheel when there are so many good wheels out there for sale?   Add to that the truck does not like turning while in four wheel drive which you need when blowing.   That's why tractors have individual brake peddles and a separate differential lock you can step on when you need it.  All things that truck does not have and which make it a very poor choice for a blower platform.
Awesome build! If i could give some friendly advice, you may want to rethink the hard mount on the lift points of the 3 point attachment. If you switched your design around to have a pivot point on a solid shaft attached to your current mount..... you should be able to use 3 point lift arms for mounting. This would allow you to easily remove the whole setup just like it was on a tractor. BUT... the more important part is that WHEN, not if..... you manage to catch a rock, or a steeper incline, the arms will raise up and save the whole thing from being destroyed by inertia meeting an immovable object. Keep in mind 3 points on tractors can only lift. They cannot exert downward force. Because of this, they are naturally floating. So, if you run across a large rock or root or something that would otherwise stop you dead.... the 3 point arms just lift up.
Dude, do yourself a favor for the near future when you do those things; steer clear of the chain and don’t stand in front of it just in case it snaps it won’t split you in half…
Fancy shop with all sorts of fancy equipment but you don't have proper ventilation?
I think we have a real life version of Tony Stark and Pepper Potts.  😀
Those poor mounting pins need grease!  I can hear them crying out from here.  And did you really use that tap dry @12:15?  What kind of animal are you?
Duble acting cylinder stores your extra oil in the other end of the cylinder,
Ye need a unimog front pto on them
If you can put some weight in the rear of that truck, it will have better traction and not get stuck as easily as it did there.  nice job and keep on posting
WHAT A MONSTER!  Did you get the cruise control working?  Edit. Ah just got to that bit….
Put a ton of salt or sand on the back and you'll have a much more stable truck.  Suggest you also fit a block heater to that truck seeing as you have no glow plugs.
Add Weight in the  bed of that truck  love the build  !!!
Pretty awesome snow thrower!  When you get the rpm dialed down it'll be good, those augers are spinning way too fast. Can't wait to see it in action in some deep stuff.
Awesome ingenuity!! I love you’re vlogs
nice work! i like it, but winter have a long darks nights... so lights maybe? blower is front of the truck lights.
2.2 EcoTec... That's the engine that I have in my car! Did you know they have supercharger kits for them? Imagine having a supercharged snowblower 🤣
you need weight on the back of the truck... fill it with dirt/stones...
Weld a faceplate on the front of those blades for safety.
You wA freaking me out, when you was standing in front of that chain when you was lowering the blower. I was praying it didn’t break and whip back at you. Thank God it was holding.
You wA freaking me out, when you was standing in front of that chain when you was lowering the blower. I was praying it didn’t break and whip back at you. Thank God it was holding.
Your Welds are Looking Really Impressive!! Good Job!!
Dang
Very cool 😎   Chains are very tight btw. You should be able to fit at least a finger between chain and tire, otherwise you risk to rip the chain.
In some places "blowing Snow" has a completely different meaning lol. Great video as always.
bravo  Riley  good job
Fab skills = impressed!  Although it looks very nose-heavy to me and like you were just understeering off the road at the end? One false move in front of that thing (like slipping on ice while filming or getting knocked over by something falling off a tree) it's game over... also could it fling stones / debris forward?  Stay safe out there, looking forward to seeing it blowing the next big snowfall away for you!
Super cool build guys!
Too badcthe truck isn't AWD....  Next, you should mount the snowblower on the front of the Cat... or build another, bigger, MORE POWER Tim TaylorTool-Time blower for the Cat
AWESOME BROTHER great job on the beast
Excellent, well done. How does the float work? Surely there needs to be some kind of sensor detecting the ground for that?. Bob. Uk
I've been following you for several months now and really enjoy your projects and sharing your way of life,  I have a number of technical questions related to the snow thrower project.  Since I conclude from following you that money is not exactly an obstacle, I wonder why you chose a gasoline engine and not a diesel engine with an engine governor like in tractors?  Since you chose a gasoline car engine, how did you solve the problem of stabilizing the engine RPM and the changing load?  I think it can be done with the cruise control system, but it requires installing a speed sensor )I didn't see that you did that(  Thanks  Ran
Actually very cool, add weight to the bed of the truck to assist with traction.
Amazing! Just Amazing! You guys make a great team
You build Is amazing along with superb engineering but to get your blower to perform  and not get stuck you need to put about 2 tons on the back so that both axles get some grip. Again well done. Allan from Kinross in Scotland
What happened to the skidsteer and blower? You need to put double the weight of the blower on the back of the truck or you will be spiraling down the hills even with chains, that us very dangerous the way you have that set up.
install big bags filled with sand at the back of the truck to restore grip to the rear axle and better propulsion!!!
install big bags filled with sand at the back of the truck to restore grip to the rear axle and better propulsion!!!
install big bags filled with sand at the back of the truck to restore grip to the rear axle and better propulsion!!!
installer a l'arriére du camion des big bags emplis de sable pour redonner de l'adhérence a l'essieu arriére et une meilleure propulsion   !!!
Excellent engineering. But without a couple of tons of ballast on the rear axle, this thing will not go.
That was some sad snow lol. Can’t wait till it drops a couple more feet up there and we can really see it move some snow. 😊😅
Putting 1-2 tons of rock or sand in the bed will not only help with traction for the rear drives but will also help keep the truck level and help keep the blower farther off the ground while traveling. Awesome build
Wow !! So remarkable!! 👍🏻
You need to give it a test in deeper snow.  The weak point will be the possible slippage of your drive belts once things ramp up and the blower needs more torque.
Dude… I love the build and your cute wife interaction… but!…. The end game was removing snow right??  You had to crawl along in that beast of a truck too skim and blow the top 3 inches of a foot or so of snow… in the fifty’s these blowers handled 4 feet of snow at ten to fifteen miles an hour!! … don’t reinvent the wheel Lad and Lassie!!  Great build out though… Att’ll do pig….Att’ll do.
Great video ya'll!! Congratulations on gettin the blower workin! Reilly you are a wizard when it comes to fabrication just fixin buildin whatever! Great job. Thanks for sharing be safe have fun enjoy ya'lls homestead and that little one on the way
Those are some nice welds.  That thing is equal parts impressive and terrifying lol.
The snow blower definitely needs skid plates.  I could not tell how your are venting the new oil reservoir.   It will be interesting to see if the engine needs protection from flying snow when blowing for a long time.
Love your work. But I am happy I live somewhere where I will never need a snow blower.
You need 2 kill switches if not more  one outside one inside the  cab perhaps both sides of rig & blower just in case. Great work.
nice fab job!
you need some weight in the truck box to provide some needed traction. fill it up with wood to burn in your furnace
This is some genius level redneck engineering! Love it hahaha!
Perhaps fabricate some sort of cover for the front of the blower, I see a lot of snow being flicked upwards obscuring your vision from the cab.
how cool is that, amazing job!
Uhhh, to me it looks like a snow "Thrower", not a snow blower. That takes a lot of fortitude to build your own equipment and stick with it long enough to finish the project. Great video. Thank you.
Great Video.  I got scared seeing Courtney standing in front of those blades to get those camera shots.  Riley is supposed to be the reckless one.  =)
You guys are amazing!!! The safety director in me says quit standing in front of that thing!!
Pucha de primera veía los vídeos porque estaban asiendo la casa pero ahora ya es puro arreglar autos y eso no me gusta así que no los seguiré más. Noe interesan estos videos
I hope one loos end is put Light on the snow blower
Awesome design and build!    NOW.......bite the bullet ....and save your lungs .......GET A WELDING SMOKE EATER!!!!!!!
You need to drop about 600 lbs in weight in the box of that army truck and it won't be getting stuck anywhere ..
That is going to be so nice to have!!!!!!!!!
Load a bunch of weight in the Back
Riley is s mad scientist the blower looks awesome
I am suprised that the truck doesn't get good traction in the snow, It appears to be what I would expect to be excellent to navigate through the snow.
gonna have to load the back of that truck with lots of something heavy
Just so you know a snow blower dose not need an air filter. You are very likely to plug up the  filter with water. What I would do is take off the filter and make a custom air intake, so the engine dose not suck up snow. The reason why a snow blower does not need an air filter is because in the winter there is no dust outside and you are not likely to run the snow blower in the summer. So I would take off the air filter before it gives you problems.
I wish more woman were into the off grid stuff like Courtney 😂
very cool
Amazing ingenuity!!
You may want to add a counter balance weight to the rear deck of the truck to offset the weight of the snowblower and give you better traction and steering control of the truck.  I would also suggest adding a way to adjust the top part of the shoot so that you can direct the snow where you want it to go rather than just nearly vertical.
Is the blower spinning at the correct rpm?  Looks pretty fast.
I didn’t see a trip edge if you don’t have one your vehicle and you will take the impact
Sorry had to wait. You do have a exhaust pipe on it.
Is your exhausts blowing right at your fuel / gas tank ?
Congratulations, winter won't be as scary any more!
I'm a DIY guy all the way... But Riley is Harvard level and I'm over hear at Devry...(Not disparaging Devry guys...) I love your content, so well done.
Great build.  One small suggestion:  You can add rubber flaps (paddles) to each of the vanes on the impeller for even better throw and it will handle wet snow without clogging.  Just search for "snowblower impeller mod"
Hey, would you add auto start to your blower. You'll be able to start it remotely
You will need to add a counter weight to rear off truck to make up for weight on front
add weight to the bed to help with traction
I use a box fan also to clear the air too a carbon filter works even better will reduce smells and since you live up stairs you wont be sleeping with the smells
Looked like the plow wasn't all the way down, as you were leaving ruts behind you.
Great Job! Consider changing out the running skates for a Small Tire system.  Will allow you to stay above the rocks and float.  Some larger plows use this in Indiana to as to not destroy the roads.  Man I cant wait to see it hit a 3 foot drift!  Your neighbors will be contracting you for all the heavy snow plowing needs.  You got me excited to see this work.  Way Cool!
It'd be nice to do that stuff with old school I don't have a plasma cutter I don't have all the stuff you have I work for my shop and backyard plus I run fire trucks
Hello Courtney and Riley. I hope that just the one ram is enough for long term use. I would have used two, but I am not an engineer. The town may call on you sometime. Will you give it a name? Have good days!
Hi.. love it but please lose the awful music and let us hear the engines! We want to hear it working.. not a high pitched guitar squealing!
Well done Riley ,you may want to put a heavy counter weight in the tray of the truck for some traction ,I drove cab over tippers for a number of years my first lesson was how easy they get bogged and the drive was useless unless it had load on it .But as usual very entertaining ,that brain of your Riley must never stop . Cheers Kym Adelaide
Good idea but no it didn’t work
Looks like one last undone task on the snow blower is to lubricate the chain that drives the augers on the blower.  Looks pretty rusty to me!
Winter is best time for ice cream, you can savor it as long as you want to your hearts content.  You probably would want to put limit switches to upper position limit, leftmost and rightmost safe positions of the chute, so hat you can't make a mistake or it won't blow in your face if something goes wrong with controls
Almost looks like you needed to throw some weight in the back of that truck for better traction. I'm sure it already heavy so I might be wrong.
If you find some old rock rake teeth cut the flat parts 1 to 1 and 1/2 in long and weld them onto the bottom auger lenghtwise sticking out 1/4 to 1/2 an in to help chew up hard frozen snow.
Said it before and I’ll say it again- you guys a freaking awesome
For a mod, how about adding wings to each side to give you more width?  Like they do on train rotary blowers?
Ice cream in the winter is a pregnancy thing bro!!! 🙂🙃🙂
Nice build..! Please stay far away from the augers and the open chain!  At work to day one of my mechanics "dis-tangeled" som 2inch L-profile from a 400hp snowblower. Interesting shapes made by the augers. Have great respect for the snow coming out of the shute, it has emence force. Gravel transforms to buck-shots. Interesting to see how the cruice-control can be applied, and the fuel economy. I think you need some insulation on the exhaust. The truck seems a little light aft.. Looking forward to next vid..! 😀
Stupid noise and no engine or machinery sounds  Big disappointment!
Having just weight alone on the bed of that truck would make a huge difference with traction. When I say weight, I don't mean a measly 1,000lbs, I mean like the weight of your Cat 289D CTL (10,500lbs). The weight of your Cat 289D on the bed, plus those studded chains will allow you to drive though a LOT of snow. The only down side would be that it may become top heavy, given how high the bed is on that truck. Driving any truck unladen, like your army truck on any ice or snow is like driving a sled. Weight makes a HUGE difference!
Jesus russian lathe incident Christ, don't stand so close to that thing
hi Riley just watched you on the snow blower truck, hay courtney it looked like riley was having to much fun their, hay Courtney did, Riley let you have a go on the snow blower truck,  you might have a lot of fun or not, goodlook
Man oh to own a plasma table like yours guys and the theory has paid off ,it works yay🛠️⛄😄😃📟💵
Great build! I love this channel! You both are so genuine, fearless and your ability to fabricate anything is amazing. Your creations are never backyard either. Welding is impeccable. You could have built the entire blower if you wanted to. I'll be disappointed if you buy the sander to go in the back next winter 🙈lol. Have a great week!
Also, as someone who drives a 1078 in the military a bunch, highly Recine you deflate the tires to either the cross country or sand settings in your deflator if you still have it installed. If not I would deflate until there’s about Reiger inches of bulge on either side of the sidewall. That’s about the psi level that cross country would give you in the tire system.
I would try to work in the ignition and starter controls for the blower motor into the switch panel so that you can just turn in the blower system and then momentary pros a start button to start her up from the cab. Would be much cleaner and better working than using the key solenoid. Looks great!
What a wizard 🧙
Once you get some serious weight in the back bed, that rig should be golden.👍
You need weight in the back of your truck and you probably would not have gotten stuck
There's no doubt in my mind that this snow blower project of yours will work. Keep grinding guys!
You need to figure out how to make the ignition work off the control box you have in the cab looks amazing good job
that thing should be called The Beast or Frankenstien
You need some weight in the bed of your truck. It will have better traction. It needs to be heavy.
Great job!  Two things I would add are temp and oil pressure gauges that you can see from the cab so you can monitor the blower motor.
Well, well, well. Well done!
You guys got the machinery,  You ought to use it.   a tractor trailer gets its traction through the sheer weight of the vehicle in the load.  I used to drive truck,   everybody thinks driving a big truck is a scary ordeal. When you have 80,000 pounds keeping you glued to the road,    the only thing you have to do just make sure you don't make a mistake and go off into the ditch.   A 55-gal barrel of water is approximately 500 lb.  if you added enough salt to the water it would not freeze, and you could have it in a plastic barrel for ballast.  i always told my old bosses that if he had a couple 55 gallon barrels on the back of the truck when the truck is almost empty it would give the truck better traction than no weaght at all on the back  of the truck.  Your army truck may have room on the frame for hanging extra tanks like I was talking about.  you could fill them up or you could empty them as needed.   Fact is I don't know why more people don't do this.
Damn mad max shit going on !
Awesome job, guys. Pretty darn respectable for a couple with mostly little experience with these huge projects you 2 have seriously knocked out of the park!  Pro tip-- take a piece of 1/2" by 1/2" square stock (or equivalent) approximately 8" long. Set aside. Also cut 2 (two) 3/4" long buttons of similar stock. Make a capital F out of the 3 pieces to form a tool that can be slipped over the chain tensioner for extra leverage while donning or doffing big, heavy, wet, slippery tire chains. (Helps immensely to slightly notch the buttons so they don't slip sideways off the tensioner.) Also negates the need to remove big guy clunky gloves while working in puddles of sub-arctic slop in a snowstorm while tightening loose chains, should the need ever arise.  Drive to Kalispell and show me how incredibly fast you can blow the snow out of my driveway. Stay for gourmet coffee and a delicious elk steak.  (bring your own elk, and maybe a couple extra for me)  😁😁😁
Just a suggestion I would take the rear hub assemblies  off the sunfire an pick up another donut spare tire an mount the hub assemblies to the blower so it can roll better which takes off some machine stress. That will help keep it out of the rocks an such.
Congratulations Riley. Love your problem-solving skills. A truly engineering phenomenon.
WOW that's awesome, now all you need is a set of tracks on the truck, like the snowoverlander, then it should be a formidable snowblowing beast
Maybe you should consider building a bar rack in front of the augers to control the size of rocks it could throw.
Awesome job youngsters! 🙏🏻♥️
When you get a chance please build a flying car, I bet you guys could do it. :))))))
I forgot to mention, if the front suspension is not working well to support the increased load you can add some air bags fairly easily.  Good luck Al
I think that it performed Rey well. The “snow” that you were blowing was mostly ice. When you sink it into fresh soft snow it is going to rock. In my opinion you have knocked it out of the park. Bravo. Your Pal Al
Cool Beans 👍 can you build one for me 🎉🥳🎉
Awesome showcase of skills. Very cool. Great job!! 👍👍
He had a bit of crazy in his eyes when he started it, and she had a bit of terror in hers. Priceless!
You might add a counter weight to get more down pressure on the rear axle …. love your videos! 👍🏻
That was soooo fun to watch! Riley is an engineering and fabricator  master! Loved every minute! 👍
Crazy! That was a lot of work, you may want to install an .030 Orifice in that Lift Cylinder down circuit to control that movement, that's a lot of weight to stop sudenly. If that's an 08 fitting on the actuator, I have used a 1/8" pipe plug that's been drilled, just run an 1/8" pipe tap in the fitting and screw it in!
I know this would mean undoing a lot of work but I would be inclined to turn the petrol engine into a stand alone high capacity hydraulic power pack. Then you could keep the power pack on the bed of the truck and power the plough with a hydraulic motor. The up side is you would have a hydraulic power pack for other projects.
Wow Just awsome as you drove out of the shop for the first time! Not surprised but greatly impressed that it works.  You seem to have the thought processes worked out so well.  I cannot wait to see how you finish it off, and wish you a lot of snow so you can celebrate  Congrats
Great Job, well done. 😀
Lovers of six will be dust
Are you planning on covering the engine and electricals for the snow blower ? To weather proof it ?
Awesome !!!!
Great Video!!! Fun to watch, and over way too quickly! You may need to paint up some 6' - 8' marker poles to mark those hard to see or narrower areas so you don't run off road while snowblowing... very well done Riley, those welds look first class! Congrats again on the new addition. Courtney, you are beginning to "glow"! I concur with others on additional weight in the truck bed for better handling and balance. Be well, be safe!
I think you should design a hood cover for snow blower
put your heavy snow blower on AMAZON etc. you will get lot of orders in USA  for your invention.
You might need an additional web on the blower/cylinder mount cross member. You'll find out soon enough if that is necessary.  Nice job on the fabrication, top notch!
Excellent engineering and design. Totally awesome May want to extend the height of your shoot so you can see better.
Dang Skippy seems like it's working marvelous very good job excellent hopefully you'll get a lot of use out of it
Very nicely done! I have the same blower in a 5’ version on my tractor. It’s very well built. From watching mine, I think you’re spinning too fast. Also, buy shear pins in bulk!
Very impressive
Great job getting it working. Looking forward to seeing how it holds up under use.
It’s the Sunfire snow blower!!!! Great job guys!!!
You guys are great! This is the best video yet, the music really added a ton of depth! Great editing overall. I love your positivity and willingness to acknowledge your mistakes and keep moving forward. A great outlook these days. Good Luck getting the Army truck unstuck!
Yay Franken blower!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Need to build snow tracks for it
Any one need faucet extender ,pls contact me
I hope you remembered to use sheer pins in various places, so when the snow pile hides a large fallen branch, you snap a sheer oin instead of pretzeling the augurs or second stage impeller.
The rear tyres are lifted up a little so then you need to add some weight in the back. But also i would offset blower so you can get the snow from the sides of the road. And then you dont drive in the ditch so fast.
You will probably rarely use the float function as my experience on tractors has shown all it wants to do is dig in unless you are on cement-pushing light material. You would likely be better off making a floating ram. think of a linkage or chain on the end of the hydraulic cylinder that will allow the blower to lift if needed but the weight will keep it down. https://youtu.be/eAMuBZHn2N0?t=660
Awesome. I would add some weight in the back.  That blower is a beast.
PS Love Northern Idaho. Like Canada, but in Idaho. 😉
You guys are such a great team!
Very cool!
awesome this blower. And, in summer, you can make a lot of big cotton candy ! HI from France
Riley is the Doc Brown of our time. Is the time machine next????
1) Paint that raw metal ASAP.  2) Fabricate a cover for the motorworks using hood and trunk from the car.  3) Create a wire harness to bring all the controls inside the cab.  4) Put a load of sand in the back for traction weight and use if you get stuck. 5) great work!
Well done guys, awesome job, now you need to patent it.
It's alive...it's alive.
Looks great. I can't wait to see it working in 4 feet of snow.
As a retired engineer  I must give Riley a massive pat on the back for his ingenious use of parts cobbled togeather  to make what is a difficult thing to build. So much has to be right for it to work correctly. All I would say is you need atleast 1-2 tonnes of counter weight in the truck bed, over the rear axle, this will make the whole vehicle more balanced and much more driveable.
maybe more weight at the back of the truck, for better grip, and offset the weight at the front?
7:55 Don't stand in front of the strained chains, if the chain breaks, it may slap your body
You two are rock stars!!
All that remains is to install a control to adjust the angle of the chute deflector. It will be very practical if you have to blow on a very windy day.
Sweet build!  If you have problems with a ram you might try a winch.  Also you should weld chain hooks onto it and all of your attachments.  I can't tell you how useful mine have been.
Putting some dirt in the tray of the truck mightn't hurt either.
Wow it's was so cool.
I think you need to add some counter weight at the back to improve traction.
Pretty impressive,  probably need counter weight in the back to help with traction.
Simply AMAZING !! 👍😀
When blowing snow, you should have dropped the blower lower for a much better video effect. Loved it anyway 👍
Surprised that you haven't done a cheap remote start solution for the sunbird engine.
I was going to tell you I love it keep it up cuz maybe one suggestion it might have skid shoes but if I was you I'd weld a couple of trailer spindles and put a couple of small tires on the inside so when you lowered it down if we keep it a half inch to an inch from the ground so you're not grabbing rocks and stuff and picking him up cuz it will break the Cherokees and if you get one in the chain spin to work goes around on the chain it will break the chain I had one big one like this and we sold it it went on r&r tractor in the front lip kept getting tore up and we had to make a set of gauge wheels to hold it up and so when you put the tractor and float mode it would just go up and down afloat
It turned out great, but I have two observations/suggestions.  That open air/cold air intake filter should have som kind of housing around it. Probably anything from the junkyard or the factory sunfire one should work. Seems like it would suck in too much water as the misting snow melts. Also you should probably hear wrap that exhaust. Although winter it seems like it’s too close to the hydraulic line and might cause heat problems.
Would a remote starter work on the blower motor..?
Had to watch twice enjoyed it that much!
What the hey it’s episode went by too quick😂
Congrats Guy's on building ur own snow blower with ur army truck..   works great..
Not to mention the fact, I have 95XJ myself, and I am a Jeep lover
If I had the money, I would invest in you guys for the snow tracks for the XJ jeep in Alaska that would make pure gold!
Yes! I knew the blower would work. I trust in you.
Not the screw driver key! Lol!
I love this show
Go ahead Riley, I see you big Dogg!
You guys are amazing. This is a genius idea. There's nothing that you can't do. I'm so impressed. Congratulations on the coming birth of your baby Courtney. I pray that all goes well. God bless you both, and stay safe. 🤩🤗
🤠
would be filling the bed with snow or logs to add some weight to the back
definitely need a heck of a lot more weight on that rear axle ...other than that the snowblower it looks Epic.
Would you be able the use that switch board to control the 2.2 ecotech? momentary for start, on/off for ignition? And use like a trailer electrical plug for your quick connect to the blower?
Lights cruise control and a muffler box and you can go to town and create havoc lol
Well done you two top job
Fantastic job, how ever. You need some ballast over the rear axle to gain better traction. This will also prevent you from getting stuck so easily. If you go back to around 15:50, you can see your rear axle skip, when driving.
He surprised me as always the man is SMART KEEP IT UP
Even though I think this is awesome.  A decent sized tractor would have been plenty big enough for your application. Plus with a tractor you can use it for tons of other different jobs
You need to put some weight to the back so that rear wheels have more grip.
I think that you need to get it closer to the ground???  Perhaps trying it out on the "improved" road (straighter and leveler)???  GREAT JOB !!!
Could  you two  build  a "SEE YOU TUBE AUTOMATIC ROTATION TRUCK CHAINS  WITH A SWITCH  INSIDE THE ARMY TRUCK? CONGRATULATIONS 👏👏
Here is a interesting Thought......Once She drives to town for her Ice-cream  and The Local street  dept .sees this ..Are they going to sponsor  your Channel  to help clear Roads of ❄snow
I’m from the UK but now live in Australia so never had to deal with the amount of snow you guys do, just curious what the benefits of using a blower are instead of a plough? Plough seems way more affective to me. My knowledge is based from YouTube though 😂
Probably need a bit more weight on the back of the truck, would help stop it getting bogged, its a bit front heavy which is part of the reason it ended up in that situation. I think you could have backed out with weight on the back. Also I'm still worried the motor bearings are not going to hold up to the sideways thrust created by the drive belts. Crank bearings are not made to take that much constant sideways thrust. Probably should have the pully mounted on a shaft held by roller bearings to save the motor.
Courtney, Your massive army truck is about the lightest duty army truck there is, The cargo capacity is only 2.5 tons, not to say that it isn't huge but by army standards it is tiny
Although mechanics and snow are never going to be an issue for me, I so admire Riley's ease with any hurdle. Fatherhood should be a breeze.🤣💖
BADASS MACHINE
Still wondering why you don't have water in the plasma cutter table???? I'll tell you this you guys are awesome.  I love watching  what and how you guys have learned yo do and the way you work. It's awesome  to see
You guys. You guys. You guys gotta promise to stay away from penguins with That Thing.
Omg 💘 the hydraulic fitting list.
First of all i love the video as always! There is one thing i would love to suggest tho!  Please when you do a coldstart, let us hear the engine 🙂 The music was so loud you couldnt hear it trying to start
Guy’s ,Is bush radical directing his video to your YouTube page ?
Inspiring
Awesome times watching the build!!! Sometimes yourubes recommended is great!!! Keep up the great content!! Would say you could cut some logs bed length n throw in for more rear end weight!!
Holy crap. #17 on trending? Bravo guys
Fantastic!  I had my doubts that the front end of the (low bid) Army truck had the strength to carry that much weight out front of the steering axle.  Keep checking the effects of vibration on your gasoline fuel and hydraulic lines and fittings.  Well done!
This is an awesome achievement!! Congrats guys!
You may need to make larger adjustable skids for your rocky and uneven driveway. Those skids are designed for a paved surface. Snow blowing a rocky road is noisy as you dislodge and throw rocks unless you have good clearance. Or, you can just not clear to the dirt.
Put some weight in the bead of the truck maybe gravel.
Micah 7:7-8 King James Version 7 Therefore I will look unto the Lord; I will wait for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me.  8 Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the Lord shall be a light unto me.GODS BLESSINGS OVER YOU .
Always an inspiration!  Great work! Lot of nice engineering details! May I suggest putting some dead weight on the bed? Behind the rear axle, it would lever some of the weight of the snow blower an increase traction of rear axle. Keep up the good work!
I don't know what your job is or was but it had to do with engineering if not it is amazing what you came up with on the snowblower .I follow mostly farmers vlogs but since I found your channel I can't get enough completely amazed at your talents. How you both doesn't have a million subs I don't know unless they haven't found your channel. Can't wait to see what you come up with now. God bless to you both and continued success. And congratulations on your baby I know you will be great parents.
😊😊😛❤👍👍👍👍
What cad software were you using?
Dude...TRACKS!!!
Riley! this truck looks like a piece from Mad Max.
does the tire inflation/deflation system not work on that truck.
Courtney married a very smart man! 😀
Should have it turned to the right so snow doesn't mess up viewing out of windshield.
Fantastic DIY Project 😃😃 A true Engineering Marvel ✅
Loving the channel.  You need to make some removable weights for the rear of the truck when using a snow blower.#BiikandKuting
⚒️🇺🇸😎💪👍🦾🤘😶‍🌫️
Someone might’ve already commented on this but you might need to put some weight in the back of it to put weight on the rear axle
I had the same thought with the power steering pump since it’s designed to already handle a high pressure hydraulic mechanism
FILL YOUR DUMPBUCKET FULL OF DIRT TO KEEP THE TRUCK FROM TIPPING FORWARD WHILE IN MOTION. YOU NEED SOME SKIDDS ON THE BOTTOM OF THE BLOWER TO KEEP THE FORWARD TILT MOTION FROM LIFTING THE BACK WHEELS OFF THE GROUND. THIS WILL ALSO HELP THE TRUCK FROM GETTING STUCK SO EASY. I HOPE YOU CAN UNDERSTAND WHAT I AM SAYING, SECOND THOUGHT IS WITH THE SKIDS, LIKE 1" SKIDS TO ALOW THE BLOW- ER TO RIDE ON THE GROUND. OR YOU CAN WELD SOME  SWIVELL TIRES ON THE SIDE OF YOUR BLOWER TO KEEP THE WEIGHT OF THE BLOWER ON THE GROUND AND THE BACK TIRES ON THE GROUND FOR BETTER TRACTION AN SAFTY FOR YOU AND THE TRUCK WHILE SNOWBLOWING. AND CONGRATS ON YOUR TWINS, NOT BAD RILEY FOR  YOUR FIRST ROUND OF PRESOUSE LITTLE DARLINGS. I KNOW YOU WILL ENJOY YOU LITTLE ONES AND I HOPE AND PRAY THEY SLEEP THREW THE NIGHT SHORTLY  AFTER YOU BRING THEM HOME, THEY ARE GODS  LITTLE BLESSINGS FOR YOU BOTH TO ENJOY FOR A LIFE TIME. AFTER ALL YOUR GOING NEED THE HELP TAKING CARE OF THE 20 ACRES AND TRAINING THEM HOW TO  WORK ON THE DOZER AND THE REST. GOD BLESS YOU BOTH
Riley you are the coolest
YAY TEAM...   AWESOME PROJECT  Good good job ...👍😃👍
You are so capable! But I HAVE to know, how's Bailey?
Instead of a hydraulic ram use a winch
You might need some weight in the box . Might be front heavy.
Привет!!! Не перестаёте удивлять! Удачи Вам!
❤😊👏🫰🏼🤝👍
That machine is insane!  I hope it works well and you can move some serious snow with it.  Also, thanks for always saying oh my gosh.  Very refreshing for this devout Christian.
Amazing! I love the old jeep grill hanging on the post, I have the same garage art!
👍👍👍💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪❤️
Could the truck use some weight in the bed? The tires look to have allot of snow around them. I wonder if you may be able to lower the blower a little more. I don't how your old road is.
19:03 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Please lube the chain and sprockets
Don’t laugh I have a friend that wants ice cream when it’s freezing cold
At least you now have some repair crosslinks for those chains. You might prefer putting them on by driving forward so you are  behind them when fastening the hooks. More room. Also, it helps to drive a short way and see if they need a link taken up. With your skills, you could fabricate some hangers for them on the truck somewhere and just leave them on the truck.
Cortneys look was priceless
Amodpaswancomedy
She's craving about ice cream wait until she starts craving about other things in the middle of the night and you gotta get-up-and-go get them
I'd like to put my order in for a snowblower to attach to my jeep please ;) Great work you two, that was amazing!,  You both are super smart and creative I cant wait to see what comes next! :)
who said it would work ,your mechanical skill unreal
LOL, you have that big old D8. Nothing is actually stuck around there.
I know if you take that out on the road and you will see the snow blower going jump up and down and you should off put Two heavy duty hydraulic cylinders, because the snowblower is very very very heavy I work on them the New York State department transportation and we use them all deep snow that small hydraulic it’s going to break you should have two of them to bring it up and down but it’s heavy weight to go and don’t build up inside you’re in trouble it’s going to break
Awsome as usual, always like watching you projects come together. Do you have a hydraulic circuit to engage blower?  Congratulations on your pregnancy, very exciting.
Congratulations you guys! Very, very cool
Looks great. Power steering pump for hydraulics? Genius!!  Probably could use a couple big rocks in the box for weight balance. Just  thought😁
Ice cream or dill pickles maybe…
You should have another switch in the truck to control the Blower that can be disconnected when you don't use the ice blower... Make another conversion for your wheels to run on ice mobility tread like your Jeep so you don't get stuck on snow...
Ingenious!
Very nice, I would say you need to reangle the chute so that its height is not such a detriment to seeing out the window when driving, especially when blowing snow to the left. A 45 degree cutout and reweld should do it, you could also take the time to lower it by a foot or so as well.
Magnifique travail !! Bravo
Pour a slab of concrete in the back, your going to need the weight.
Excellent job guy’s, love ur content & genius. ​The skid steer with snow blower in the back would make a good counterweight, for extra traction and have a backup redundancy machine on board for some smaller areas, or in case of a breakdown, you could still finish a job &/or get home for parts, etc.
Merci !
Outstanding! I mean what else can I say and apart from anything else its good to see you both enjoying yourselves. My favorite team on You Tube!
Well sounds like you’re going to need to make some lights for the blower so you can drive it into town
That has got to be one of the most “ambitious” off grid builds I have ever seen! Forget the off grid, who cares, that thing is a beast and I can’t believe you engineered the whole thing, Riley you’re a genius!
I do that with box fans to. We don't have a furnace so with big dogs it gets dusty and heppa filters are just crazy money so cheap 3$ filter on 20$ box fan gives us better air quality but boy in the shop you could change filter every few days.
You have to put ballast weight in the bed of the truck to compensate for what is hanging off the front.. makes a YouTube differance.
I don't know how much you had in buying the car and other expenses, but did you ever consider just buying a fairly big tractor and just hooking up the snow thrower to the tractor 3 point hitch and PTO?  Then you would have a tractor in your equipment stable.
nice engineering =)
hello👋 from the Netherlands🇳🇱 .   you are a mechanical wizard🧙‍♂️ Raily .   I just think that the rear axle of the truck could use some load, the rear seemed a bit too light in the video thanks for the video Courtney and Raily .   Sincerely Hollandduck 🇳🇱🦆
What about weight in the back to offset the imbalance from the front?
Did you get front and rear lockers on the truck with highway gears?
When it comes to making things, you guys are great!! I like your ambition. Super cool.
Please do not stand in front of your snow blower if a rock or chunk of ice comes out and hits you Bad things will happen   Take Care please
Nice work. That is badass
Air bags on the front and weight in the back would help the truck with suspension travel and traction. Good video, can't wait to see it finished!
That's awesome...well done guys! 👏👏👏
💯 awesome innovative idea
Well done!!!  👏👏Possibly worth putting a bit of a load on the back of the truck to help with the balance and traction. Pallet with some rocks on it that you can take on and off with the fork lift?  Jim Bell (Australia)
Riley is just amazing..genius at work..❤❤
wait, wires for control?  Use an ESP32 to expose its own wifi network and control website, operate it from your phone 👍 😉
road trip for ice cream *and* pickles, if Courtney wants
The cruise control for constant RM under changing load is an awesome idea.  Most PTO equipment is designed for 540 RPM input.  You might check your gear and belt reduction calcs as it looked like you were REALLY spinning that blower.  BUT I think it could take a bit more than 540 RPM input.  But not like 2X or 3X as much.  You could also attach a tach on the final drive so you can monitor it as you go.
a quote from frankenstein, ITS ALIVE lol from stlouis mo
The 1000 series truck is designed to push over trees with trunks up to 8 inches; I think it will handle it.  Why are you not using CTIS for snow?
Riley just turned into the guy from snow day lol
I have to say I did not like that you were standing in front of that thing coming down the hill oh no please be safe that is a awesome build God bless you both and the baby
Awesome guys that look a gun. One thing, you should put a blade underneath the blower, replaceable of course
That ish did not work lol. There was just as much snow under the truck as snow that went through the blower.
Awesome video ❤❤
YASSSS! I have been so waiting for this video!!! Y’all rock!!
I'm sorry. The only thing I can think of with that monster snow blower is- (Stomp. Stomp,) "PutinOnTheRitz!!" from young Frankenstein. Congrats. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoLTXNKtXwA
think u need to adjust your voice recording vol - its very soft compared to other channels
Very cool!
congrats on this build!!! did not go over the previous 1000 comments. would like to see what you have in the truck cab for the control station for the blower. Hopefully you have a "dead man switch" planned for the final steps in this project. how do you control the engine speed on the blower? thanks
Looks like you need weight in the bed. It is way to front heavy the balance traction.
And I thought the Snowverlander= was amazing - you guys are something else 🤣🤣❤️❤️‼️
That’s crazy, awesome concept and execution. Probably some counterweight would be advised for traction. And for goodness sake, be careful around the Driveshaft linkage and chain drive - loose clothing can be catastrophic. I’m sure you know from industrial lathe safety, but PtO drive linkage is a huge source of injury. Please be careful. Also, stock up on shear pins, and if it really becomes an issue, consider a slip clutch style (thought the belt drive may mitigate).
Seems quite excessive... Fun though!
Amazing!! That was fun! 🤗
Great work. when all is done you should tweek it a little some kind of cover for the top covering the motor and everything to keep snow out it when blowing.
You only scraped 2 " off the top. The shoot, needs to be longer, to ame snow away. A good test. But the blower should have been keep on even in the turn. Plow forward, back up.. Plow again, each radius,  you blow snow out of the turn..ramming, weeks of snow with just chains and not blowing snow out... ( dude, was stupid ) you wanted to get stuck.
I think there may come a need for a radiator guard/debris filter for snow or ice build up and protection.  What do you think about a couple of heavy duty limiting straps to back up the ram at full extension.  Would an in cab deadman switch be possible for safety?  Some easy on/off tractor weights on the back may help with balance, traction, and steering. Can't wait to see you use it on a deep deep snow!
Great one. Must feel good to have it working.
Need to show the road after cleaning snow
Cruse control on the RPMs.  that is simple prox switch that can handle high frequencies or pluses.  personally use the ones on the anti brake lock up as it is great high speed pickup sensor.  Just set for RPM and let it hold that pulse rate which is all a speed control does.
Can your plasma tool cut the square steel pipe instead of using the power saw?
Looks good so far... but a heads up.... If it starts to snow or rain on the MEGA blower...the electronic will short out...no motor can with stand. 2 temp...motor will be, 500 degrees,. With forza snow hitting it.... You will crack the block 100% guarantee.....  Weld, a cage of 1/4 " angle iron... ( like mad max.) , make it so it can be hinged up like a hood. In all the shapes... weld, thin steel,  or  Even screw plaxie glass panels in the spaces... but cover the motor....for the whole snow blower....
I guess now you need to put tracks on it so it doesn’t get stuck
Outstanding! Just make sure to keep the dogs inside when you are using it. Small and large kids too. The snow blowers we had in the Air Force took no prisoners. Cheers Terry
What can I say other than this is soooooo great what a fun project 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
you need a top shealed on that stop it coming out the top m8
I’m totally amazed in your ability to create and put this together. I also noticed that you do an absolutely amazing welding job.
Riley great job engineering this very impressive.
That came out really good 👍 wow! 🤩 the only thing I would add are some lights on the blower for night snow blowing. The blower has its own alternator so that would be a snap with that control box.
with you fan that you have with a filter you can use this filters to make a box and have a hepa grade filter.    HDX 16-inch x 25-inch x 4-inch MERV 13 Air Filter 4 Pack..  which will make box.   Then tape the fan into the center of the box and the other end open goes to the floor.   Fan draws air out of the opening into the room and will remove 2.5 pm  It will be not cheap but will last long time in your shop.  Basically a 25 X 25 X 16 box.
I never had any doubts that you would succeed with this project.
put a lot of weight in the back it will help a lot
This is my favorite episode for this blower. The controls and mounting are the fun part! Plus Courtney is changing her demeanor! She is getting more of a mommy vibe already.
Get some oil on the roller  chain for blower
19:01 is the classic "why women live longer than men" moment!
I love everything diesel. The sound,smell of fuel,smell of exhaust. All of it. Also, I’m not the enviro, everything thing will kill us type. However, I would suggest, while you are pregnant, to not stand in the exhaust cloud of any vehicle. Great videos. Keep them coming.
WOAH! Impressive! I’ll plow all the roads if you let me try 😂
You should consider putting weight in the truck box for better traction
Would mounting a set of mower zero turn wheels on the blower with something that will enable the wheels raise and lower the blower work? This will allow the truck to travel without putting stress on the front suspension and keep consistant traction on all four wheels. It should also allow the blower to float on its own.
Don’t let wealthy Hollywood actors anywhere near it. They’ll manage to run themselves over with the damn things.
Safety wire those pins so you don't loose them
Need to add weight to back of bed of truck and crank up the suspension up on front
You are so smart
Please, please, please keep away from the front of that monstrosity when it is running!  I was so afraid when Courtney was standing so close on that slippery snow while that thing was churning around at speed.  Yikes!  Having worked in factories with "screw-type" mechanized equipment I've seen the result of someone getting an arm or a hand or a sleeve grabbed, and it never turns out well.  It's an awesome accomplishment, but please be safe and don't let anyone walk near the front of it when its moving.  We want both of you around for a long, long, time.  At 18:54 in the video Courtney is much too close to "the Mangler" and OSHA and me were having a coronary!
🤘
Incredible! With a mind like that you could probably solve our world problems. The problem with that is what would we do with the unemployed politicians?
Cover the front of the chute up to the moving part so you have better flow as this is an awesome build.
Great video . Super awesome that  the snow blower is a success 👌 😀.  Looking forward to more builds in the near future.
That thing is cool 😎 I would put some weight in the box to distribute the weight evenly. The rear of truck will get lighter when you lift the blower.
You guys got Everybody beat for off grdders and what you have accomplished
You should put airbags in the front for better support.
Most large blades and blowers have adjustable skates or skids up front to set the leading edge of the machine 🤔.
Looks like maybe you should add some weight to  the bed of the truck to balance out the front end.
Serg Charbonneau i'm french canadian
Serge Charbonneau to give les rpobleme on the traction adjust the tilt of the snow blower the trrik shoud be the skid adjus in hight to  have the the blower to have the front more vertical
LOVED the difference in enthusiasm.....
That was cool!!!!!!!!
What is the name of that little stabilizing camera?
I think one of the biggest concerns right now is how front heavy this is. I think some ballast in the back will definitely help traction. Even with any 'bugs' remaining to remove from the system... WOW
Cool project. Put some extra weight in the bed and it may become an unstoppable tank.
Does the blower block the headlights, or don't you care if it does?
Totally awesome guy's! Now you need to put the excavator on the back for weight down the back end!  Amazing job Riley!
That is sick! Great job guys! Can't wait to see it dig into some fresh deep snow, and do its job! 🌨
congratulations! You need some weight in the back of the truck!
That was cool guys that was really cool
You could add a few airbags on the front axle to assist the existing suspension. I would also consider felling a few trees, or putting a bucket of dirt right at the back of the truck to offset some of the load at the front.
Awesome job well done you guys
Riley you are a genius! So cool.
What a beast !! Job well done !!
Reckless Riley, sometimes I scratch my head at the beginning of one of your projects but in the end they turn out great!
Loved every minute of this. Been waiting anxiously to see that beast in action. Totally awesome. I want one.
If that's all of the snow that has accumulated on a road since the beginning of the winter, without clearing, you don't really need a snowthrower. 😁
Some ballest in the back and rear mounted winch
Please put 1000lbs of Idaho dirt and small rocks on truck bed…. As a test to improve traction. That truck should steer and drive perfect on ice and snow with those new tire chains. May need more than 1000 lbs too… test it out please…!!! 2000 lbs no joke either, if it keeps improving traction… good luck❤
Okay, on my third ti.e watching today. Riley that has to be the craziest thing ever! Please put a shield on that. And a safty line. It's nice work but it would swallow a deer. I am thinking two rails in front with some thick rubber. Or a 6" grade in front. I know I have seen this in a horror movie. Lol enjoy the show! The look on Courtney's face was like " we made this" ! Lol love the pop ups. I am sure a guard would be easy to make.
I'm speechless.
If you don't know all your neighbors by now, you will before the end of next winter!
Nice job, but please don't sand in front of it..
Should just put the car the motor came out of as ballast for now until you can get something more permanent.
That is awesome! Well done. Can’t wait to see that go through a fresh snowfall.
Good job. I worry about the crank baring it will not hold up to the belt tension.
I hope you added some weight to the back of that truck . To give it some grip
You guys our truly amazing
Next Christmas I'll get you 2 new shinning KEYS with ambition strike engraved
Rube Goldberg would be proud of you!  And I mean that with all due respect.  It is a marvelous piece of redneck engineering.
Fantastic job on this project.  I think you can add OBD2 via Bluetooth to monitor the snowblower motor in the cab to ensure doesn’t over rev or over heat. Truck might be too loud to detect problems immediately. Love how you can think it and execute a large scale working prototype.
speechless
The upper mount position @8:31: I realize that the cab needs to tilt, but the force on the ram would be much lower if the truck-side mount were higher and further forward, within the limits of how the mounting frame could be extended up and forward (and together in an A-fame) without cab interference.
Nice work!  I felt like I was watching Monster Garage all over again.
I think all thats needed is some more weight in the tray as a counter balance
Epic well done guys
Winching @6:07: I wondered why the truck was backed into the shop, making the work location right by the door in winter, but assumed that the idea was to be able to use the skid-steer to move the blower... apparently not.
Your blower is cool but way too much weight on the front end of the truck. You need to move weight to center of the vehicle by longer boom arms. Alternately maybe load counterweight to rear end
If you look at any other front mounted equipment you will notice that they use a chain and not connect the hydraulics directly to what they are lifting, if you break the lift you may have to change your lift to that design. You may want to put Split Cable Sleeves on your exposed electrical wires to tie them together, also on any exposed hydraulic hoses. Available on Amazon.
NOT fare u guys have all the fun and cut us off when its the best fun........😁😁😁😁
👍
12:43 - same as S-Pod?
You need a heater in the cab.
Awesome!
Riley, that wasn't supposed to be that easy. But you did it anyway -Good on ya'! It looks like you may want to slow the rate of flow/ speed of the whirligig a bit, I also think it has to be run a little lower, maybe some "training wheels to keep it from digging in?  Have any of the neighbors called yet for a "sample"? You two did know you were well on the way to having some of the best toys on the mountain! Oh, the ambition of it all! FR
I am in awe of your video production work.   You make it look effortless but I know better.  Cool project (as always) thanks for sharing your life with us!
Great video ! I would look into possibly adding a governor via the cruise control . I used to work on Sicard snow blowers in a previous life and even though they were 1950's technology  the governor made a world of difference  when getting into the deep banks. So if you have twins will they be named after they're parents? Love the channel!
Wow you gys are awesome...Gonna need 3 to 5k lbs of weight in the rear for rear traction...
7:00   - on my tractor it is slower to lift the blower after using it for a while.   It accumulates a substantial mass of snow.
Your kid is going to be amazing!!! The things yall do make my brain hurt. Amazing work guys.
You snow blower and soon to daddy 🎉
Great job!  Nice welding too.
Do you think a rear ballast in the bed would help with traction - Especially backing up??                                     (Edit) By the way... GREAT WELDS!!!
Awesome video I think with a little rocking back-and-forth you could’ve got that sucker out👍🏼
Only change I would make is to add a pivot link or short chain to the lift cylinder. That way the blower can float on the road. With the fixed hydraulics if the blower has to ride up a bit it now has the lift the front of the truck, and if there is a small dip the blower will currently ride over it. It's the reason your plow has the chain to lift it instead of a solid link.
You should mount one of those cheap after-market "rear view camera" systems to the front of the blower with a monitor in the cab so that you can always see where you're going. You're in a remote area with challenging roads; not a good place to have low visibility behind mechanized spinning blades.
Impressive  build. Constructive criticism;  whenever your "hyper" music came on, I had to hold the volume  button and lower the sound dramatically. Your content is such a joy to watch, but the music sound levels on this segment was WAY TOO LOUD. Please lower the music volume so we can hear your voices. You're some of our favorite YouTubers!!
No rocks I hope
What a crazy project but I love it! Of course, now that you have it working you know you won't get any more snow the rest of the winter! 🤣
Should add some weight to the back end to off set all the weight on the front if you don't you are going to lose traction, very cool  build great work.
Very impressive, jolly well done Team.
Love you guys! PLEASE BE MORE CAREFUL IN FRONT OF THAT THING!  WE EAT AT LEASET 1 ANIMAL OR CAR PER WEEK ON DONNER SUMMIT WITH THE CAL-TRANS SNO BLOWERS!!!
Nice welding!
If it would only snow now like a Blizzard. Where's Dairy Queen when you need one?
That's great work . excellent idea congrats you two. Make a couple wieght like we use on are tractor for the back of your truck that will balance it out and you should be able to spin a u turn where you want and less strain on your truck . It is so cooool
Beautiful welds
All we have to do! That's it?
good job. maybe 2-3 tons in the back will help🤔😁👍
So very cool! Sweet engineering!  Perhaps some chainsaw oil would stick on the front chain. I also concur with the comment on some serious ballast in the back of the truck. Maybe a home-built salt spreader like the commercial slide-on units.
That was awesome!
Question: From inside the cab it looks as if visibility is low because of the snow being blown from the chute at eye level. Could/would shortening the chute below the windshield level help with that or was it just my perception that was off?
What program are you designing your parts in? The CAD work I guess... and you should think about doing just a basic  how to weld video. Do you do calculations on the parts or have "rules of thumb" you go by when designing parts like how thick the metal bracket needs to be or how much metal needs to be around your pin hole for the mount as an example?
i saw you tube channel that he used a pvc pipe on the cutting edge to slow pick up of rocks im not sure how well it works he had d 2 foot of snow  ?
Ice cream in the winter? Oh to be young and foolish. Riley, you do realize you are talking to a pregnant woman don't you? LOL
Blow the snow over the passenger side so you can see out the w/seem
the mil truck will still need a good amount of weight in the back its basiclyt a pickup
Great News Thanks For Sharing!
I built a large garden tractor many years ago and had trouble keeping engine speed constant.  I used a Cruze control , that used a magnet to trigger the control.  I mounted the magnet to the flywheel.  It worked great!
I don't use this word often, well since the 90s that is... But you guys a totally "RAD"...!! Side note, this vehicle is now "walking dead" ready..
Just need a V plow for it.
WOW,  Riley looks like a big crazy kid but his fabrication skills are amazing!!   Clicking play on you videos is the best part of my day. Thank you!
Ice cream in the winter is a great choice! One of the neatest things about going to Germany in the winter was seeing the number of ice cream shops and people walking around snacking on ice cream.
Friday the 2nd our 10 and 5 year old grandsons were over for dinner. They were debating what to watch. Our 5 year old is a big fan because you have large equipment but also you built your own camper. I said, oh William, they are going to have a baby..” You were both driving somewhere and Will asked me, “Are they driving to the hospital to go pick up their baby right now??” I said, “No, Courtney is growing the baby in her tummy. It will be a while..”  Will is a twin to sister, Maggie.. They were C-Section babies as were both of my kids.. Will- “ Well some mommies have there tummies cut open to get their babies.” Maybe they are driving to do that?  Me… “Will, I don’t think so.”
Call Dave Sparks and ask about snow cats with snow blowers attached!👍
Awesome, to see your happiness, is heart warming and made me smile with you both. Weld done ! Ha ha
How much would you charge for one of these for zombies?
brilliant work guys totally awesome, possibly some extra weight in the back to counter the weight from the blower when it's raised for driving 😎
This is amazing!  So impressive. Great video too with  great choice in music. :)  Now that you can blow all that snow, find a way to melt and store it and you'll have plenty of water! ;-)
A very simple way to do the float is to use slotted bracket like they use on a bush hog.
it might be an idea to have a bracket to connect the plow in the high mode to take pressure off the lifting ram while traveling on your road and not plowing
Fantastic!😊
Great job.
Hi are you going to put anything I ng in the box for dead weight.
Problem is to much weight in the front makes it too light in the rear, hence the lack of traction.  But I am sure that you were smart enough to add rear counter weight.
Don't fprget to c;ean screws and chute befor parking, but you probably know that. enjoyed the build.
You're very smart Riley.
I see the a/c vent screen in the Army truck still needs to be installed.  I hope the small critters don't discover these openings.
Can you see anything while driving that thing?
Food for thought, during the snowplow season you could make a concrete block to weight down, evenly distributed on the vehicles flatbed, to provide further traction; but to exceed the vehicles gross weight restrictions.
This is what Heath over at red Poppy Ranch needs
Differently need to add some rear weight to offset the weight of the blower
Great job '- that lassa cutter is the business for fabrication! I reckon you could do with a couple of tons of ballast over the rear axle. A pallet of concrete blocks perhaps or a lump of concrete that you can fork lift in and out.
As Riley said AWESOME   Adjective 1.  inspiring or displaying awe  2.  slang :excellent or outstanding  plus all of these amazing stunning astonishing awe-inspiring stupendous  staggering extraordinary incredible unbelievable magnificent  And it works
Courtney, it’s you responsibility to make sure the mad scientist in Riley doesn’t turn into an evil genius! The world can not survive if he turns to the dark side!
The front of that thing looks like something out of a horror movie!!!! Loved watching the two of you put together odd bits of this and that to make another functioning tool for your Idaho mountain home-site!  I can envision folks hiring Riley and "The Beast Blower" to clear their roads for them!  I can see Riley making some treads and bogie setup for the truck at some point for better snow performance.
Awesome job you two. I just came in from snow blowing with my Van Snow blower and now I get to see yours in action. For a first time out I'd say you guys did very well.  I had to laugh, as I to managed to get stuck my first time out and the neighbor had to come over and pull me out. I now have off road knobby tires and chains and what a difference that made. I noticed your blower is a bit high off the ground judging from the snow under the truck as you are moving along. If the ground is frozen, get that cutting edge down to the ground, unless you have loose gravel then keep it up a bit. I hope you guys make another video of this, we need to see more of it. Congrats on the Blower Project....I think it's going to work great.
You need to put some weight in the back of the truck so the back wheels can get more traction and have more control of the truck.
You are a great fabricator!!!
Great job to get it running. Cannot wait to see how it holds up this winter and what comes next. Keep it up
You should check into textile chains. the first brand was called autosocks. They work better than metal change plus they're way cheaper and faster to put on and take off!
Way to go! So impressive. I’d love to work by your side. By the way, don’t sell your excavator, you’re going to need it to put up your ski lift!! and pull out your stuck snowblower.
Hey sorry to bother you again but where did you get that control board at can you send me a link brother I appreciate you thank you
Good job 👍
Hey Riley I got a question for you bro when are you going to put an exhaust system on that so you don't blow that exhaust towards that gas tank and try to catch it on fire brother let me know what you going to do cuz that's got me a little worried and I hate see anything happen to you guys thank you so much
Riley, I am totally impressed with your ability as a mechanic/Welder/engineer. I call that a craftsman with common sense. Your welds actually look like a welder welded them. Your fabricated parts were actually cut small enough so you had a corner to corner fit up Allowing room to put a full penetration weld.   This is something I rarely see when watching fabrication on YouTube. Your engineering of the hydraulics and hoses looked flawless. If you didn’t have any boo-boos, you did not show. Way to go, Riley!!!  Courtney, you look beautiful as always, and I admire your patience with reckless Riley!  I did not see many places were you were going to have to caulk on this project! Lol, Congratulations on your upcoming family addition!😂
After that special made tank I understand why the Americans call a tank a tank 🤣
Hi - that is a great achievement… You made a mechanical chalenge look easy… The problem is that now you now have raised to bar for other content… Looking forward to it!!! Take care….
I have been checking every day for the update on the snow blower project.  I was elated when I saw this video uploaded today.  This is one of my favorite videos that you have produced.  Keep up the great work and can't wait for the next one.
First, a question about the engine. Are you going to crate a shroud to protect the mechanical parts when running and during down time. Second, will the weight of the front end require any counter balance on the rear end of the truck? I worry that it will cause rear end traction issue with so much resting weight sitting on the front even when pushing along the ground. Most large trucks that I have seen these one have a full load of sand or salt in the back.
love it!
you might want to switch your ram around because you'll have more lifting power with the ram working the other direction  I'm pretty sure it'll work better for you
When creativity and engineering come together in Riley's head it makes great YouTube entertainment, keep up the great work 👍
Need remote start
Color me impressed.
Well, you did it!  Needs a little ironing out but it’s going to work. I’m impressed, so 👍 and 👍!  🥸👀✅
Totally awesome dude.  You da man Master Kacey.  You are a credit to your school.  Somebody needs to nominate you for your school's outstanding alumni award.
I like to put that on my  Volkswagen Beetle lol, great job!!👍
So am I the oddball here: please do not answer.😂. I just want to know what group was singing that song, ‘little by little’. Now back to the program. 👍
Awesome build. And you guys know every inch of it when it comes time to work on it. So resourceful.
Good job guys (and girl !). After getting all your controls inside and everything, the only other thing I think you might want to do is build a cooling fan for the engine that blows out through the radiator instead of sucking the air in. When you have real light powdery snow, the fan will suck it into the radiator and clog it up. I used to race a car on the ice and that's something that happens. You could try building a framework in front of the radiator and put window screen in it, and space it out away from the radiator a few inches to allow air to get in around it. Good luck with it. It'll be good to see how it does in 2 feet of fresh snow !!
Incredible job guys! Hopefully, you can blow snow as a side hustle in the winter to bring in more cash with that truck and blower.
Behind every successful man stands a woman! You are blessed and fortunate to have Courtney to share all of your endeavors with 😁
Very impressive.  We'll done both of you.
Awesome
dunno if it’s been said put some weight in the back to give extra grip to counter the blower on the frount
You guys aught to reach out to Levrack and see of you could work out a sponsored video. I could see a shop like your really benefiting from storage like that...then again you probably could make something like it anyways
Need a lot of weight in back on bed to get traction you need 10,000#
That is one smart man you married
your going to want to tie up the hose that is hanging on thepassenger side twards the mount for the blower . I work for Tennant co . and deal with hygrolics every day , no rubbing hosed is a pluss . OH ! concrats on your baby !
That hydro control unit has a big black knob on each end... do you know what they do?
Did you think about using a winch and cable instead of a hydraulic ram?  That way if the blower hit a bump it could jump up if needed. Or you could leave the cable a bit slack and it would follow the contour over a rise.
Oh yea, you can work for the township now too. Hahahaha
You are an amazing engineer/craftsman/mechanic with a great helper! Very interesting compilation of machinery
I love the fact that you have the brains to engineer a project and then grab the tools to drill, Tap, weld and completely put it all together. Love an engineer who gets his or her hands dirty. Cheers guys!!!  😀🍺🍻🥂😛
Speechless. Just speechless. BTW: you both have a new glow about yourselves. Congrats, again!
That’s very impressive work, I didn’t think it would work but you did it.
Ice Creme in winter!  I think that Courtney has the cravings of a polar bear😜🥰!
Riley, what a great fun project. Years of experience, creativity, and education is really paying off. Cal Poly and you guys rock!rocks
this is health and safety calling - you cannot operate a 5 ton vehicle with 2 spinning death wheels that automatically dismember everything in their way without a high vis vest :-) :-) . Seriously this thing looks scary ... the ultimate answer to the question "why? "  - because we can....  cudoś
Great job i was just doing some research on using the power steering pump as an hydraulic pump.  Any links you can provide to where you got the ram, manifold and solenoids?
Now I hope you get 6 feet of snow ...
Now we need to see it move some deeper snow.. great job you two!!
I think you need weight in the rear like sand to help counter balance the blower and add traction!
I would want a engine kill switch for the blower in the cab.
you should put some bars in front so no one falls in that things looks like a death trap
You are one smart creative guy. Always fun watching your videos. Thanks!
I would recommend some ballast in the bed of the truck guys. Place it as far back as you can in the bed and start with about 2/3 the weight of the blower system and mounting system. You will find it will even the suspension out a bit and give you much better traction. Especially in the rear where the truck is the lightest. Next project - Tracks for the big truck LOL. Great job on everything. Also huge congratulations on your greatest creation coming soon.
Calling  BULL two inches of snow and stoping every foot to let the engine re recover is not a success.
HOOOORRRAAAAYYYYYY...YOU DID IT!! Tried to find a GIF of hundreds of Minions cheering but couldn't find any so this will have to do!!
Nice work on that!!
This is awesome!!
I've been waiting for this lol. I've come to be HIGHLY impressed with y'all's manufacturing skills!
Nice welds!!
Ido agree with you riley you guys are great hats off  to you  are winners
Just a suggestion, The way a snow plow blade works (which is what you have with a blower) is the hydraulic ram lifts an arm with a chain attached for floating ability, eliminating that float manifold. Also, put skid plates on the sides of the blower to prevent picking up a lot of gravel, which will also break the impeller's roller chain. Skids will slide over bumps instead of trying to shear them off breaking something. Go slow there is no spring mount. Team Ambition is doing Great, wish I was your neighbor.
Wow! I have no words.  Congrats to the three of you...Safe travels.
Great job but you need to put some weight in the back of the truck maybe a couple of stumps or rocks. 🎉
You better oil and grease that drive chain on the blower!
When that bad boy came out of the shop door all I could think of was the movie 'Maximum Overdrive' plus a really recent green comet in the skies. Excellent work!
Hello from France To compensate for your lack of motricity you need weight at the back of the truck and where a salt spreader could be considered afterwards I do not know the maximum weight of your truck in road mode but it would be interesting to use this dumpster with salt or sand by emptying it into an automatic salt spreader here is otherwise very good job
Riley, it looks like you had your leg partially under the snow blower while you were sitting on the ground!!! Man Be Careful, the blower could drop on you, and you would be S.O.L.   _ hit outta luck. Nice build though.
That thing is AWESOME !  👍👍 A little tip though. On the snowblower I drove, there was no stop for the angle of the snow throw, which resulted in a broken windshield and the cab full of snow...  Stops were installed on both sides after that..😂
I’d think the only appropriate name for the snowblower would be “Snowfire” hinting at that sun fire heart for power. And I think it’d look great painted on the side too lol!
There was nothing "reckless" about this idea and build by Riley.  So many examples of top level skills!
You may need a heat shield for the snowblower exhaust. It looks pretty close to the chute. Some tractor snowblowers that have the exhaust by the chute will heat the chute then the snow melts and re-freezes, locking the chute from turning.
Sorry, but all you did was scrape off a couple of inches of surface snow. Which didn't really accomplish much at all. I mean seriously. Your blower has two rows of augers for a reason. Namely to dig in and clear deep snow. Not just scrape the surface with the lower auger.
Super cool
So close to 300 k
class 👍
That's a great build! I do have one concern. Why aren't there any protective guards on the sides of the blower near the chain? It seems like if someone isn't paying attention and standing too close (especially with a baby on the way), their clothing could get caught = disaster. Is there a fail-safe mechanism to immediately shut down the blower if that were to happen?
I'm running out of superlatives for you guys!
Hi guys! Make two small wheels at the bottom of the mounted unit so that the body does not cling to the stones while driving or a curtain made of thick rubber 4-6", along the bottom of the trough, it will help to rake all the snow into the auger and will not let the stones cling on the road. Greetings from Russia!
Awesome build one of the best
Do not underestimate women and icecream!!!!
Did you consider a power pack (engine and hydraulic pump) in the truck bed. Then hydraulic hose to hydraulic motor on blower on front of truck.?
You need to be focused on solving world hunger or climate change………amazing.
The snow blower is mind blowing! Well done! And look at all that storage now 😍 So neat seeing everything coming together
Wow
So much fun to watch.  Hoping you put some unique paint job or Courtney touch on that thing with a silly name to tie it all together.
Dude you are like Disneys nutty professor kidding I’m just extremely impressed with your skills, well done sir.
Another great accomplishment, you guys are AWESOME. It is definitely an enjoyable time watching your videos, great job filming and editing, thanks a lot!
You need lots of weight in the back. Please keep in mind that thing will kill whatever gets pulled in to the augers. So you need to have a emergency stop in the cab and around the blower itself. Ignition switch on the blower doesn't count.
The snowblower is awesome. PLEASE do one more thing to it. an EMERGENCY kill switch you can activate from the cab and outside. This would be a huge safety feature. You are a great fabricator.
👍👌🌼
Put a full water tote it the bed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well you’ve done it again,great job guys ! You plan on painting the blower?
🇳🇴👍👍👌
Have you considered electrifying that truck? I wouldn’t like to have all those fumes in my house and just think of how pleasant it would be to hear the birds while working. Half of your off-grid batteries, when charged and running at 2-3C would give almost 100 kW electric motor to compete with anything that smelly, noisy dinosaur from last century can do.
OMG y'all have MAD SKILLS...Just sayin'
Get some weight into the back of the truck with that much weight hanging off the front.
Love the organization of your work space. Nicely done.
Excellent job and well done! 👍 As always, great video! Now You need just add remote startup and shutdown for blower engine to eliminate leaving truck.. 😉
Amazing !!!  Great job !!
Cool build! Now u need to build one for the skid steer so she can play !
This is awesome to see this plan come together and work so well. If I might make a suggestion. Before next winter, put about 1 or 2 tons of gravel in the back. That will help offset some of the extra weight on the front axle and give you better traction on the rear. If you want to take it a step further, get yourself a sander unit to put in the bed. Then you can also sand the road after you blow the snow off of it. Usually in the spring ITD has a surplus equipment auction, down here in CDA.
Can't wait to see it blow super deep fresh snow.  Awesome stuff
You should add a ton of weight to the bed , that will help get better traction . Great build
Looks like you need to extend your blower at your outlet and And that will keep it off of your windshield
Where can one learn more about the hydraulic components like these to do various functions? I'm familiar with manual and pilot style controls but little knowledge of electronic actuated controls, specifically the manifold
Awesome project!   A couple of thoughts  1) protect the radiator, it looks vulnerable.  2) extra weight on the back of the truck. -- that will help with traction and balance.  3) provisions for when the hydraulics break -- attachment points for wheels to support the front of the blower.  -- physical lock for the up position.  -- redundant/parallel hydraulic lift system.
Lube up the chain and everything else in the blower?
I love watching you guys.  Your kid, boy or girl is going to have SO much fun with you two.  :)  Riley you and this guy who slapped RC jet engines on his Tesla are cut from the same cloth: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SYT0upjNac
OMG grease ports on the pins used to mount the blower please
Can you share a link for the 3 point repair parts please?
That was so impressive.  Great job!!
Hahaha, watching with a constant smile on my face!  SO COOL!  Do you have the Pontiac hood to make a cowling, and army-truck matching paint please.  😄
I so Love How you two work together. Great minds think alike. I always enjoy your inventions and how you create them. Have a great week. Blessings, Carlos
Hydraulic ram to engage the blower?
For sure this build is top 5 youtube builds of all time!!
I personally would figure out a way where I could slip the entire thing, including the brackett mounted on the truck, off.
A counterweight, greater than the weight of the snowblower on the front, located in the bed at the rear axle and back to the end of the bed would level out the weight and improve traction.  With all the weight in the front right now, the truck is basically just a front wheel drive.
Hey  Mr GENIUS and family 😂😂 step up for the 🏅🥇
You need a counter weight, half dozen 8-10 ft logs in the back would do wonders for traction.
I love watching your ingenuity.     Just a question:  Is that hot exhaust system well secured above the gas tank?!?!?!?!?
I should watch the rest of the video. But. I'm going to say it anyway.  Will you have enough traction on the rear tires when the blower is lifted in the air?  Maybe some sort of counter weight in the bed if u do have problems like many pickups have in snow states (sand bags in the bed of the pickups).  Y'all probably have it figured out anyway.
After you get to town in the snow blower to get the ice cream, are you going to get pickles, too? That’s an old pregnancy joke. 😊
She says I don't think so: I'm going to clear the roads all the way to town just to get some ice-cream 🤣
Having a plasma cutter and the skill to use it and weld makes you basically super man
Can you invent a cnc back tickling machine?
You know you two are jaw-dropping wonderful, don't you? That snow blower could really ..... don't slip Courtney lol 🤣
Strange as it may seem, a swamp cooler makes an excellent air cleaner. Big red butt🛑n.
HUGE admiration for the skills involved in visualizing, designing, and building something like this!
I think you’ve got a tremendous job but I think you’re missing something. On the back of a tractor there are arms that let that blower float up and down the way you have an attached it can’t float it has to ride with the front of the truck
Awesome! You may want a 3rd hydraulic cylinder for the spout deflector.
Very cool, me thinks a good size "loader bucket" of number 1's in the bed would counterbalance the front end nicely.
Wow looks like something out of mad maxx. Great job
You need a kill switch in the cab and outside
Holy smokes! That's legit! And, in the summer time you can make coleslaw for the entire town! 😀
Think about a back up mechanical stepper or something (cheepo bumper winch etc.) to at least pick the system up and pin-able,  in the case the hydraulics fail... pick it up and come back to the shop.  I paused and looking forward to the cab forward with the unit on.
Would it not have worked by adding small wheels on the front of the blower to 1. take the weight and 2. follow the road contour?
Great job! Emergency kill switch inside the cab?
That is so cool.
Very smart smart guy do a review at the end of the season about the snow blower
Just in time for no more snow this year in North Idaho, it'll be ready for next winter.
Just get Courtney and baby to pull the blower up via chain running through cab 😅 share the work lol
👏 AWESOME!
Those little control panels are cool, just got one myself. That could start the blower motor too. Does the blower have skids it can ride on? Maybe be an option when it "floats" Great JOB!!  Think of an exhaust fan for the shop, particle fan inside is nice but sometimes you need to get the crud OUT!
Are you going to add a ram on the chute deflector, so you can blow snow down, or to the side, instead of just up in the air  ?
You might consider using some mechanical wire on the tire chain locks because they have been known to come off at the most inopportune times. If you have trouble getting them tight, deflate the tire, tighten the chain and reinflate. Congrats on your creation and don't allow anyone in front of it when operating!
I wished I could be there y’all are great
What do y’all eat for dinner?
Congrads on 300 k subscribers
I know I'm not as excited as you two, but that's pretty dang cool!!! Congrats
Bummer. I thought the “Important envelope” contained a solution to your audio woes. 😜
Fantastic engineering job and some of the prettiest welds i've seen. Because you have added more weight to the front of the vehicle. It would be a good idea to add the same or even a little more weight over the rear wheel to help with traction. Retired Army Hooaa
Does your lift cylinder valve have float capability?
That looks great! You need to paint the plow to match the truck. Have to. 😁 Snd you need remote throttle control.
Great job, put some more weight in the truck for more traction. Gramps
if the snowblower raises or lowers too quickly, they make in-line valves to go on the hoses to limit pressure.
You two are amazing, I'm  happy when I build a bird house.........
You need arms on the bottom not hard mounts and a Y mount above with a ram hard mount to lift so you get more ground clearance for traveling
Maybe some drop wheels on the front of the blower so if you do road it you can flip them down and take some load off the truck and hydraulics
Installing airbags on the front axle would probably be beneficial
Sputnik
Geniuses ... Amazing. Both of you are always able to achieve whatever you imagine and put your mind into
I'm really enjoying this project and that plasma cutter is awesome.
Great work. Congratulations...
wow !!! you amaze me, good job. it works. I've been waiting a whole week for this . Your build videos are so entertaining. thanks for all your effort and hard work.
AWESOME!!!!
Impressed again!
Instead of using the screw in metal studs for your rubber track vehicles, there's a company in blanchard idaho called cinchtrax that makes what is essentially a bolt on "chain" for tracks.
The best part of your videos is your attitude. Very positive. Mature. Sensible. Keep making stuff! Excellent work!
Shoot up load the unstuck video lol
VERY NICE WELDS
The way you guys make your ideas come to life is amazing. The amount of steps that you can look ahead to make sure you cover it all just blows my mind. Great job!
You guys are awesome! I'm ordering up some more snow for you guys! Reckless Riley I never doubted you! Your  creative abilities are amazing! Mad scientist capable!
Really appreciate that you two actually wear safety gear when doing fab work. So many channels, safety glasses and seatbelts are an afterthought, if they're used at all.
You guys are doing a great job editing these videos. Getting better all the time.
Awesome job! Riley is one handy fabricator! Can’t wait to see it on a fresh heavy snowfall.
great video. a couple of suggestions first load your dump body full of 57 limestone in the fall, you will always need some in the spring for touching up driveway. sencond is check out may wes manufacturing the are a heavy duty poly company in hutchinson minnosota. you will need skid [ slide ] shoes to set height adjustment for your blower also a cutting edge this will help with a better clearing job. as you have already experianced snow removel also removes alot of top dressing of stone from driveway.
You'll get better life on filters and fan itself if you use 4-filters, build a box out of them and tape the fan on the top blowing up.  Search Comparetto Cube. FWIW.
Your faces at 19:02 lol!
Never had a doubt that it would work.  Kinda funny that you got the truck stuck even tho there's a snow blower on the front of it, but that's just a Riley thing.  🤣🤪🤣 Awesome video guys.   💫💫💫
Awesome project and awesome outcome! Congrats!
That was one heck of a project, ... Nice work you guys.
A ton or two at the back and you'll have better traction and control  GOOD JO and congrats
Glad to see you back at it
Hi guys that’s some snow blower ought to call it the snow beast job well done,one good idea to use a car engine I wouldn’t know where to start.😊
That was badass guys! I think it needs some kind of cage covering those scary looking blades, and possibly a roller or wheels on the bottom of the blower to make it move on the ground smoothly. That's just my observation. I'm no engineer or anything
consider putting some load in the bed for traction and balance...    = pick up truck in snow needs a few cinder blocks in the bed to stay on the road,   big truck should be the same.
I marvel at your engineering and building ability. This was truly so wonderful to watch. It'll be a lot of fun to see this in heavy snow. One question I'm wondering about is how you adjust the throttle on the Sunfire engine while you are driving?
Is the truck geared low enough to not have to ride the brake all the time while snow blowing? If you decide to add a salt spreader to the rear of the truck, be careful you don't kill all the trees on the downhill side of your road with the salt water! Once they die, it takes a long time to grow them back
I think it works too well😂
I,m not real sure but I think you might be turning the blower a little to fast as the augers are throwing alot of snow out front, the RPM on the main shaft should be between 8 & 900 as it would be on a farm tractor , just a thought Murray
very humbly and respectfully you  need some counter weight in the truck bed for traction
very nice weld 👍🤓
Congratulations two the both of you geniuses
👍🎅🏻
That snowblower is awesome! Nice to see all your hard work and ingenuity paid off! That should really be handy for those massive snow storms! Thanks for the video!
I feel like getting the truck stuck is a good excuse to use the D8.
Filtered box fan is a great idea!
You need a few tons of material in the rear of the bed. That thing will go with some weight in it. Great job on the build!
Not just ice cream,  pickles and ice cream! 🤣
We do the same box fan trick for pollen and smoke in the summer   A thicker filter, 3 or 4 inch will flow WAY better.
Wow! Congrats and thank's for including the mistakes. Reduces my feelings of inadequacy🙃 I'll be praying for at least one more 2' storm for you this winter to give it a good workout. How about an easily removable cover to reduce ice buildup on the hydraulic and electrical equipment?
This was an awesome project and I am so looking forward to you putting it to good use in the future. I look forward to future projects but I am not sure how you top that for ingenuity.
Great job. One experience comment. We had a 7 foot blower on a three point tractor. One day was blowing snow, it picked up apart brick and threw it through a barn wall. Not a good idea to stand anywhere near or in front of a snow blower. Be safe
That's going to be a beast!  Loving your engineering and fabrication skills. Helps to have the right tools too....
Awesome work guys. The only thing I might add is some counterweight in the bed of the truck, maybe one or two 55 gallon drums full of cement with a lift point?
You two are awesome
So awesome!! Engineer, electrical, mechanical, and fabricator all rolled into Riley.  So enjoyable to see the smiles on your faces each week!
Why You don’t mount a engine preheater? It is so easy and You have no starting up problem with army truck.
WOW…Great Job Engineering & Building this Beast and it really works !  When you guys get this dialed in, to function reliably it will be an Awesome Machine !!
Love the videos on the snow blower did youu think of the snow skid for it  like to keep the rocks out propeler out .
Great job. Now just need some weight in the back. I wonder where you could find a few rocks to put in the bed? lol.  Why not attach the blower like a regular plow where the ram pushes a lift arm and the blower is just attached with a chain to the arm? That way you don’t need a float function on the ram because being attached with a chain the chain will let it float up and down.
Impressive planning and execution!  Evidence of great mechanical ability and understanding. Like I said Impressive. THANKS!
There is a version of your 1078 which was up armored. You might want to look for that suspension and maybe borrow it. The entire cab was armored, so the front suspension had to be extra-extra.
very cool but i think a pasrallel lift mechanism would have been even betterthan atilty one that way you could have had more free space beneath it while only have it stick out a little longer in the front
don't forget a few kill switches. One each side of the blower on the outside and one in the cab. With no easy way to shut it off there is a high risk of catastrophic results. Stay safe - good work!
To really take advantage of this great design and hard work your going to need a locker in the rear and at least a selectable locker in the front for turning and traction. Ballast in the bed will help with traction in the rear. But great fabrication skills Riley are you self taught, schooling or on the job training?
Don't you think in a different life Riley could have built the pyramids, they give him 1000 men and tell him to design and build them. Very impressive!
You should think about extension for the blower, the tube is too small! But what an awesome snow blower hahahaha! Just love these crazy cool ideas. Love & Light
the ecu for the FI from the Sunfire should be able to handle a governor to regulate that power demand from that blower
Boy or girl?
Does your welder draw power thru your solar system, or have an engine for powering it?
When I heard the rock guitar I knew he was gonna do it again, dude unreal
That’s not a snowblower that’s a snow vaporizer! 🥶
Riley you might consider building a guard over the chain drive that is in the bucket of the blower. If someone were to get close to it and get a piece of clothing or  something pulled into it as it goes thru the sprockets it may pull them into it and injure them.
You need to put a large amount of weight in the truck bed for more traction. Put a pallet of 50 pound salt bags in there, or so. Need about 1000 lbs probably.
Reckless Riley?! Can we change his nickname to The Mad Scientist Riley? Seriously so impressed… I thought the custom tracks for the Jeep were impressive… this takes it to a whole new level!  Speaking of level. I wonder if you could add an air tank and airbags to the front suspension to aid the cylinder if you need to level the truck more… just a thought. Or does it already have suspension air bags?
Riley this is absolutely brilliant!  Beautiful welds too! What i think is amazing is that both of you are equally talented.  You guys are a beautiful team together.
Your hydraulic tank being so small is going to end up causing you issues so you know.
Have you named this Frankenstein blower yet?   Truly impressed with your tenacity and engineering skills.   Congratulations.  Wishing you both another blessed week, gentle seasonally appropriate weather and restful evenings.   Peace
Nice job guys, such a cool project! Those are some wicked tire chains!
Excavator?  use the D8!
Look at those welds 😍 like stacks of dimes bro
OUTSTANDING , CONGRATS on an  awsum job , you guys rock keep up the good work.👍
I think it would help to put about 1000 pounds of weight in the back of the pick up bed of your snowblower truck
sorry for all the comments...your going to have to protect the valving and electronics for the valves out there on the front of the truck from getting soaked from melt of snow and to protect from ice buildup.
You should use one of your relays to start and stop the motor as well.  :)  Awesome job!!!
very cool project! Love seeing cool unique projects !
put an auxiliary cooler on there to cool the hydro fluids, didnt think of that while commenting earlier. can use possibly the radiator, heat core or tranny cooler off the car you scavenged parts from....
It's kinda crazy how everything you built for it is so beefy but you guys use such a small machined down pin to handle almost all of the load of the blower and the impact it's gonna take.
Being in awe, all I can say is WOW Good job Riley 👍
Liked idea of salt & salt spreader on back you mentioned in last vid! Maybe add lead box to drop in and out of back of truck to act as a counter weight. Also insulate hydraulic lines to protect from cold.
all looks mity fine except......the hydro tank. way to small. your gonna need a good 5 gallon reservoir on that unit to run any length of time to keep from destroying the hydro pump with heat failure.
Awesome job - though I think you just voided all your manufacturer’s warranties 👍😎
Way too cool!!!
thanx for burning my retnas some more
Lol While you were fabing all the attachments and supports to the truck I literally paused the vid and made a comment about the cab hitting it.then you brought it up and I deleted my comment lmao.Fact:watch entire vid before commenting!
I think I would’ve just went with a winch to lift the blower up and down for right now, and then just move the shoot by hand, because you don’t know if it’s even gonna work right and you’re spending all that money on electronic hydraulic hoses, and solenoids. and who says the power steering is going to be strong enough to lift it?
I found with a blower you have to blow after every storm down to the base.  It is difficult, as you have found to blow old snow.  Congratulations, looks like you have one heck of a machine!
Clearly exciting, congratulations job well done.
Trop fort. Ou est le capot ? 🥇👏
Great job one thing I would suggest, put stops on the shoot rotator so you can’t accidentally rotate and hit the front windshield. All commercial snowblowers have it.
Something that will help besides weight in the backend of the truck, would be to put a crossing between each of the ones that are there on the chains. I just say this from experance working in the woods for 40 yrs. as a mechanic and operator. I only express my opinion from what i have found what works best for me and not everyone. I am lazy an do things that are the easiest and fastest for  me. You have done an excellent job on the blower. Best of luck.
Great job! But I can see an issue! I think you need to balance the weight more to the rear. Get yourself a concrete block like the ones used on the road as a temporary barrier and put it in the rear section of the truck bed. I'm suggesting this as when you brought the truck out of the workshop and reversed round I instantly noticed the rear wheels lost traction and skipped! Have a think about it and watch the footage again. 😉
if it worked why did you get stuck?? it cant even get to the bottom off the snow, when tires leavs that big dents in after you blowed snow its shit.
Wow you guys totally cool! So darn exciting. Good job!
you two areso inventive you should not have any self doubt ell done now for the real test workin in the field
Nice job.. You might want to add some weight to the truck bed to counter act the blower weight.
Mad Max meets snow
It not only works well, but it looks good, and like it was meant to be. Great job you two, thanks for sharing.
I would possibly put airbags in the front just to help with the weight so you don't overtax the suspension on bumps and make sure you have lots of good led lights to see everything around you but the build looks really awesome
You need 1.5 to 2 k in the bed to balance out your load will make handle and drive better ..
PTO?
This is definitely one of my favorite YouTube builds!! Call your concrete guy and get a couple retaining wall blocks for the bed and you should be unstoppable
You will definitely be needing this around the property.  Get a spreader for the back .
Absolutely outstanding fab work. To use the original p/s pump was genius keep it all in house as you might say all in all a super kool project to watch happen love you two!!!
I just love watching your videos, you make life look so much fun. What a perfect couple doing exactly what they want to do.
Terrific engineering and build. I had a 6' blower with a 301 cubic inch, 59 horsepower engine. When the snow would be deeper than the first auger, the engine was lacking in power to blow the snow. Going to make a video on getting the truck out?
Just a word of caution rocks can be thrown forward at a deadly rate so don’t film personally in front of it.  My dad stalled his out very similar unit on a deer that had been plowed up into the snow bank froze solid frozen splinters all over the hayfield.  Made it halfway through the deer before stalling.
🍻 What an asset you've created for yourselves, and anyone else you decide to help.  Not to mention making money with it.
Put some weight over the rear wheels. This should help your traction.
That was so cool and I have enjoyed watching all the videos of this build congrats been waiting to see it blow snow....👍Oh and remember she is pregnant if she wants to take it to town to get ice cream in the winter, well it goes to town to get ice cream.  Don't want an upset mommy-to be trust me I have 5 kids....lol
A really well done project...Completely self contained is a great feature. Here's a couple of possibilities I've come up with (yeah right, just what you need - more projects) :  1) How about a removable counter weight for the back of the truck to improve traction and balance? 2) I know you'd have no problem fabricating a quick-attach plate/mount so that you could also use the blower with your tracked loader (or perhaps a tractor?)
Wow, you will be the go too couple to clear the snow for the town.All you need now is a bigger garage\worksop to park all your vehicles in
As an early doubter, I have to congratulate you. I'll be eager to see how ut does in deep snow.  You need to add some weight to the truck for traction. In Vermont we used to load them full of traction aid salt/sand mixture, or just fill the body with compacted snow
It's King Kong's slushy machine.
Don't worry Courtney, we get Dairy Queen all winter long!! And Riley, I thought the skid steer was for Courtney??? Lol This thing is awesomesauce!!
RR is a reincarnation of Heath  Robinson
Are you making a top to protect the engine and all the other accessories on the blower?
Awesomeness, fantastic build..so bad a_s...Thanks. from New Mexico🌶️🌵😊
That is a very cool project.    I'd guess a load of rock in the back of the truck will solve the getting stuck problem.  One thought.  It seems, from the limited view available in the video, that where the blower attaches to the truck is a weak point.  There is a lot of weight cantilevered out from that point.  I'd check welds for cracks after each use for a while until it proves it is strong enough.  Carry on!
Don't slide off a cliff with that thing🤪
Now you need to add a winch at the front and back so you can get out of situation without assistance. Glad it worked out. You will continue to improve it as you work with it. But what a job you did designing and building. Once you get the throtl connected to the cab it is going to be amazing. Love it 👍
You need some whaight in the back of 🚚
I came to this channel through the building/construction content with the barn and your homestead build, I had no idea y'all were capable of something like this. Practically every step of this was custom fabricated and the worst "mistake" you made was having to cut those bars down like 2'??? Wow.
NEVER THE LESS.. ITS FRIKKIN AWESOME!!!
Your building skills are off the chart. I love watching you two. You guys are like a well oiled machine. Also congrats on the great news you guys shared. Based on your building skills both of you are going to be great parents. Peace
depending how much welding and plasma table use you plan on... it might be an idea to install an in wall exhaust system.. have the outside louvres that open and close as the vent is turned on/off  that'll help keep the air in shop clear and will stop the outside air from getting inside so much with the big door open
A PALLET OF A TON OF ROCKS IN THE BED WILL DO WONDERS.
I think you need weight in the back...?  Cool machine!  Courtney needs to be more optimistic :).🤪
6:33 You are making a mistake, insert this type of cotter pin from above when, for some reason, the safety wheel deflects, it will not have a chance to slip out and get lost. Overall, I'm very impressed with the work you've done since the first episodes. I also recommend throwing it on the load box, above the rear axle with a 1 ton load to balance the weight of the snow blower and improve traction.
FABulous!
Congrats on getting the snow blower working! That's a REALLY impressive feat of engineering and fabrication! Not sure I'd have been willing to stand so close to that massive snow blower during the initial test run. Maybe your next "tool" should be a longer zoom lens for Courtney's camera? 😆
It will not work for long. Its Pontiac car parts. People have kill cars by using them to push snow. And sad a car that is no longer made was cut up a working work car and it will burn the parts out in a short time. Cars were not made for snow and the parts on cars are not strong enough to take moving snow. When big snower blowers are made like that one. They uses heavy equipment not car parts to put together to make it work. You been milking this fail project and know it not last the test of time. Thought your channel was better then this. And thought when you did a project you not cut up a working something to make your idea work. And more so you pick a car that not made anymore and was working and cut it up. You rebuild a worn out bulldozer and cut up a working driving car for a snow blower. It really sad.
YOUV GOT TO BE THE BEST CHANNEL  ON YOUTUBE
Now you need weight on the back
🇬🇧 That’s a fantastic bit of work, congratulations to you both, bet you won’t get any more snow now. You two deserve a pat on the back.
You guys are the first video I watch every Sunday morning. Most of the time I don’t have a clue what you’re doing (I’m a senior citizen and totally un-mechanical) but it sure is fun to watch your genius at work!😊
That is impressive. Your child will have a great teacher and learn a lot. 🙂
Nice job!  I waited, impatiently for this video.
Myself I would put some weight in the back of the truck. Most snow plows have a load of sand for traction.
Please don't get in front of the discharge chute.  Blowers will sometimes pickup rocks and other debris. Hate for you to get hurt.
You guys are so unbelieveably awesome!  and... we have more snow coming!
WOW! It totally worked! My only suggestion would be some counterweight for the back end. That is the exact vehicle I rode around in Iraq as a combat medic. When we first got the up armored kits installed on the cabs of our LMTV (the name of the vehicle) the front end bias was so bad that vehicled would face plant under heavy braking. We had to wait for counter weighted tail gates to ship over from the states, but in the interim, we would either throw a literal ton of sandbagsa in the back end, scrap metal, or in my case, where I needed the whole bed for casevac litter area for casualties, we towed a generator or a heavy trailer. I saw in a previous video that you were wanting to have a sand spreader in the back to help the weight distribution issue which would solve that issue well. Sand bags might be your friend unti you rig something up or decide you don't want to make the investment into that.   If you guys ever make your way down south to Boise or want to explore some of the Frank Church River of no Return Wilderness area, or the Sawtooths, I've got a few really cool areas to suggest that offer some great views. I use a Polaris RZR to drive my kayaks into the alpine lakes to find those harder to reach fishing spots.  Anyway, the journey has been fun to watch. Good luck to you two on your future products as well as the changes with the family dynamic. Kids are the best. most of mine are grown and out of the house except for my 14 year old daughter. Hopefully dad stays "cool" for a while longer. They grow up so fast.
Like cows in a field... outstanding! Can't wait to see what else you have planned.
The music is too loud
Awesome. And congrats about the baby announcement.
Nice weld
THAT WAT FRIGGIN AWESOME!!! I don't know what kind of mind or education  you have but you make everything look so easy. Job well done sir!
Simply AMAZING!
You should not be near the front of that blower while it is running in the snow.  It could pick up a rock or limb & launch it at you. Zoom in or use drone footage while close to the front, please. Love the channel!
Quick comment:  As the video shower the snow exhaust stack rotating, I immediately said, "Cool." No sooner had the the word been uttered than Riley's voice came from the video to say, what else, but "Cool".   Loved the edited moment with the thought balloons. Would have liked to have seen you getting the truck unstuck but maybe next time?
Find an old salt spreader for the bed, and you'll have it made. It will add weight to the back of the truck, which will not only help with the front end squatting but also greatly improve traction. Just DON'T USE SALT! Salt will destroy your gravel driveway and turn it into a mud pit come springtime (ask me how I know). Instead, go to your rock quarry where you buy your gravel and ask them for chips (in my area it's 3/8" chips). You can spread that after clearing the snow or anywhere there is ice you can't clear, and that will greatly help traction. Also, it just disintegrates over time from being driven on and adds to the compaction of the gravel base and makes the driveway even better.
Wow! Very talented. Like how you figured out the Hydraulics, impressive. See a remote starter install soon. Can’t wait to see it cut thru some fresh new snow.
This is impressive. I just wonder how much this has cost.
When the truck rolls out of the garage for the first time would be perfect in a zombie movie.  “It’s time to ‘clear’ the roads”. I’m no longer surprised when these things work.  Of course it’s gonna work.  It’s more about the ‘how’.  Awesome 😎
You need lots more weight in the back
"Ice-cream in the winter?" Dude she's pregnant don't be surprised when you have to go to town for pickles and Ice-cream or any other weird combos
Learning by doing is also my goal I think there needs to be some counterweight on the truck Extremely well done from Denmark💪
Good job. Two things. One your bower looks like it is running way too fast. Secondly you need to add 1000 to 2000 pounds of weight to the back of the truck.
Another great job. Well done, can't wait to see it in action on new snow.
Amazing! I kept thinking "It's Alive"!!! Frankenstein's monster in a good way.
I wish you didn't put the music over the sound of your contraption. I wanted to hear the ROAR of that machine... 😕
Love it...
Very cool 😎
I would suggest adding a ballast to the rear of the truck to help balance the weight of the snow blower similar to how tractors use a box blade when using a front end loader. Cheers!!
Name it Frankenplow lol
Also handy in a zombie apocalypse 😜 Seriously impressive 😳
OK here's my comment and question why didn't you set it up like a 3 point hook up it's set up for a 3 point you should just took a tractor 3 point and set it up on the front
Cool, great job!!!!!!
Never had a doubt, I do think that cylinder will break/ will quit holding pressure unless you build a locking system when traveling with the blower in the full up position
you need to put some big rocks or something in the bed the plow is taking all the weight off the back axle.  if you put weight in the bed it will be alot better in the snow especially with the snow chains
So cool! Now you need a sand/gravel spread for the back.😁 Cpt. Obvious, also counter balance. Yes, at least rocks in the bed.
That’s actually really smart to have used the power steering pump as a repurposed hydraulic pump for the floating ram and solenoids. I’m an engineer by day and I have to give credit where credit is due - that’s ingenious!
(Fun Thought's, 1500 lbs.)  Add a little counter weight in the truck bed. Very nice work.
giant track project coming soon? ohhhhhh i think so!!!
Beats my plan of getting a wooden handle and putting a plastic scoop on the end.
Consider a flow control valve (slowdown) for the “down” function of the blower so you can fine tune how slow/fast it drops (if you haven’t already).
Maybe add some free wheeling  training wheels on the outside for easy removal . Thanks for the video nice work guys crazy good  from Cambria by the Sea feed
I so wished, I lived near Riley.
Courtney has that even more than usual radiance that only women carrying new life has. Painful it is watching this unoilied chain, somewhat offset by those gorgeous welds. Beautiful handiwork on the installation, very talented you are both. Did I mention covers over engine and cooling against the white stuff? I am taking bets on ballast for rear wheel traction.
Maybe some bucket loads of weight in the back for traction? Looks awesome!
I love watching you guys, you're truly inspirational and I can't wait til the baby comes! 😯😮😯 One question, where did Riley learn all of his fabricating skills, college?
Good job! I bet you've never wanted it to snow so bad like you do right now.
Put weight in the back over the rear axle
great welding.
Need a bunch off weight in the bed of the truck to get better traction.
👍🏽
I think when you smiled when the hydraulics worked was the same smile when you announced you have a baby on the way. 🤣
Can also do 4 filters to make a little house with the fan on top.
Those kits from AuxBeam are so nice. I used the 8 switch kit on my Kubota and the 6 switch for my quad. It makes the wiring job so much quicker, simpler and cleaner. Well done with the fab work!
Love this build. Super high quality. Did you ever think about setting the engine in the bed and running the whole thing off a hydraulic pump?
Your technical discription and understanding are amazing. Great camera also, thank you 🇮🇪☘️
Glorious!  Especially enjoyed the power steering pump repurposing
From the movie Frankenstein  IT'S ALIVE!!!!!!!  I am sure that you only have about a million things to do this summer, but how cool would snow tracks look on that beast LOL
Wow who are you, like some sort of wizard from the past? Next, you ought to consider dabbling in alchemy, turning some of that supply of metals into Gold? I believe in you Mr. wizard!
Way to go snowblower KING and Mrs Snowblower, there's a guy in Wales in the UK that lives off grid like yourselves called Kris Harbour he has a YouTube channel also you should look him up he's awesome like yourselves, 👍🏻
Excelent work, Riley, it came out a bit overkill but cool! Emm, not to be picky, but I think the rpm of the blower are a bit too high, it looks like going crazy and I would put under a bit larger slide shoes for when it's down. You certainly don't want it to dig gravel and toss it around. 😉 Keep on, it could be a long winter, so you better be ready!
I would add air bag up front to help with weight and should add a locker or a detachable winch also it needs some extra weight in rear at least 1/2 to ton u can see the rear was hardly touching when u were in reverse and had some metal wheels to sides to aid in height setting besides the skies done this to a blow long time ago simple L bracket and bolt with 10 steel wheel now I use simple chain hooked to top L to adjust it in position just all had at time . Here's  just some ideas to think about also do a lot of water proof the electrics that's probably will be ur first problems u probably run into with all the snow when blowing it around keep up great work and everyone have wonderful day.
From start of the thought (your inventive mind) to fin-i-s-h and completion. Riley, I love your inventiveness!  Truly one of a kind and a fantastic couple doing very interesting Videos!  I look for every day to view what is coming next! LOVE TO WATCH and see the teamwork!      ***    My thought was a couple of big logs in the truck bed could be an easy fix, giving max adjustable weight for climate conditions Easy and almost instant fix too add and takeaway Really cannot wait for More snow! Riley, you could be busy on the mountain with your neighbours clearing driveways and roads
Great video thank you! Of all your projects I think this is one of the most amazing ones! Also very entertaining video. Well done!
You might want to consider a flow reducer for the downside of your controls. That might make a big difference in the blower dropping to the ground and shaking things apart. Other than that, it looks great.
next time use the blower and lower it to the ground and you will not get stuck, you left 7'' of snow on the ground. that thing is the best thing going, don't be afraid to use it , drop it on the ground if the driveway is flat. you could handle 4 foot of any kind of snow easy, that thing is a beast , keep that parked in your garage  backed in and after heave snow just start her up and right down the drive way.
Great Job!  Have been waiting for this video.  Congradulation on the Baby Announcement. You are going to be great parents and the baby will have a great location to grow and hopefully be as adventurous as you both are.
Don’t forget to install emergency stops on both side of blower and in cab. I suggest large round red stop buttons. The engine should have remote start / stop in cab too, as well as throttle controls. Well done , your welding skills are enviable. Keep up the updates .
Try one of the old school cruise controls set ups.  They read drive shaft speeds and have an electric motor that modulates the throttle.  You might be able to set this up to read pto speed...set  the cruise control and it will regulate the engine speed based on pto rpm.  Just a thought.  Well done guys... this thing is AWESOME!
pull through the filter!
The look on Courtney's face was a PRICELESS moment.  Congratulations
Nice video.  The inclusion of music was not good though.  Natural sounds of the motors is very much preferred.
Oh, boy... Too many thoughts... I am glad you didn't lower it all the way while Courtney was in front, filming.
Terrific!! The strength of America is the Work Ethic of the God of America in those who make it work in those who support by Labor and by Design! See our National Anthem and the Christian Bible! The word Science means Knowledge, it does not mean conjecture. Ron PTL USA
See I told you you were going to blow snow into your neighbor's property just don't drive really fast so an animal runs in front of you🐫 you guys are awesome thank you for the video 👩‍🦲and congratulations on your new miracle can't wait to see I hope the baby don't have a beard⛄🇺🇸🇺🇸
You guys are amazing.  I can visualize a water tower fed by a water collection system. It will take you guys a little over 6 minutes to make that project too, so it should be pretty cool.
Good job man! I like using the power steering pump👍. That blower is screaming!
GENIUS!!!!!
i am happy that cheep ass grade 5 chain didnt snap when your face was by it and crush your face i bet cortney likes it the way it is sorry if i spelled your name wrong spelling is not my strong suit the letters keep changeing around on me and auto corect was not made for a okie
I just see the negative it didn’t go low enough that’s why you’re stuck
Congratulations. However, who’s idea was it to have the pregnant lady in FRONT of a homemade snow blower on an incline!!😮
😊👍👍👍👍
60% good jub
I have a hard time believing that truck doesn't maneuver any better than it just showed?? I would expect that horse to go through just about anything, especially with chains in place!! What gives?? I gotta tell you that blower was super cool. Riley, the way you engineer and manufacture the hydraulic system was down right impressive.  Nice, NICE job, both of you!!!
The pony engine for the blower needs a shroud,  a place to mount guages,  a ignitions switch and protect it from the elements a little bit
So happy to se it work awesome
Riley, I have come to expect really professional design and fabrication skills from you. WOW!!
please tell your beautiful wife not to stand in front of that thing please. you are on a slop and if you hit a patch of ice that truck and blower would go right down that hill even with chains on. i don't want any thing to happen to her , sorry but i think i am in love with her. lol
Great job, you guys are incredible!  Your skills are far above and beyond most people.  Love watching you take a project from an idea to the finished product.
put oil on the blower drive chain:)
You should be put another hydraulic ram to be safe and cover for that engine.
Pretty clever .
Probably need to add weight in the rear Bed so that you get better To prevent from getting Stuck
Remember, always blow downhill.
your such a talented man who does not give up on projects you have to work for yourselves as no company could afford to pay your worth
Hello! A big hug from Sto. André, SP. It was really cool to see the stages won. May the goddess Fortune smile!
it wouldn't be easier to use an electric actuator instead of building a whole hydraulic system??
Is it possible to add helper air bags on the front?
Awesome job a winch would be cool to lift blower and then have to use in summer
So much weight out in front of the truck.  An electric motor on the snowblower, instead of heavy gasoline engine?  Generator mounted on truck bed?  No need for V-belt clutch, etc. Possibly could move the blower closer to front of truck, lessening weight on two front tires?
it would help if you lowered it on the ground so it can pick up the snow.
Nice welds!
Awesome build guys, what a blast. Congrats. I always figured a nice feature for a front mounted snowblower would be a scraper, mounted to the front of the snowblower, that can be lowered and drags the snow back away from a door or building. No need to get another machine or shovel. Fantastic design, praying you get more snow :)
do y0u add weight to the back of the truck when using the blower?
This is really cool! Great job.
Riley you fabricate some cool shit lol
Congrats, Courtney & Riley. Nice job on building the blower. Just be careful when blowing a lot of snow that you don't drive off the edge of the road and roll down the hill because it looks like the blowing snow is gonna impair your visibility.
i cant remember where i learnt it from, but something that might help when it comes to the wet sticky snow is to brush the working parts of the blower with a mix of Diesel and used motor oil. make it slick so the snow has real trouble sticking to it
Good job on the snow blower, love your videos. I want to bring up a safety concern at 18:53 in the video Courtney is standing by the spinning blades if she slips or stumbles she could go right into the blades, just be aware of your position when blades are running don't want anything happening to your family. Stay safe, keep up the good work and have fun.
Hahh! That was cool! Keeping the snow off from the beginning will be much easier with this one.   For inspiration with snow removal and the current ubercool project you are finishing, try a search for "snow clearing trollstigen".
Riley what are you saying?? Ice cream is better in the winter time. Courtney knows her stuff!!!!
Maybe consider airbags on the front of the truck to compensate for the weight of the blower? Thanks for having fun & sharing 😊
That’s totally worth it so cool 😎
U guys gonna put a hood on that snow blower to keep the motor and electrical out of the elements
I love your videos. I would like to see more detail. I would also like to see how to ran the wiring for the controller into the cab and how you mounted the controller.
I would still see if you can beef up the front suspension.
I still think a snow flame melter would be cool
Did you use the power steering pump on the car engine for your hydraulic pump?
What kind of engineer where (are) you. GREAT job on the snow blower.
I know you two have built a lot building experience things but this is a step above, nice work. I did not see a snow shield over the belts, you will need to keep the snow off them.
Nice work; though if you also own that track-steer I would have just bought a blower for it. I have blown a lot of snow in both skid-steer and track-steers and the latter is about the best vehicle to operate a blower with.
Watching the video at time 16:08, it looks like you may need some counter weight to the bed to help balance the weight distribution. the back tire does not have much weight and the front tire is acting like a fulcrum. Great video! I love watching you guys create things!
While your at it, add a third hydraulic function and add a hydraulic cylinder to the chute. You’ll thank me later.
A giant, bright red, panic stop button. Just an idea
I had my doubts when you started this project, but you nailed it! Super smart to use the power steering pump.
Put a few tons of weigt in the truck
You need a show on TV lol.
Though occurs why not use the excess heat from second engine to heat the m10s engine via block heater or cab, and the alternator do some other tasks letting the m10 engine be more efficient or other extremal devices? Just a thought?
Lmtv tracks!
Your edits and story telling is getting next level!  Good job…on build and video!  Can’t wait to do this tutorial at home for my own Army truck- snowfire-blower!  JK!  Only one team could envision and pull this off!  Come one 6 minutes to conceptualize and actualize a widget!  Out of this world!
WOW guys! This video was well worth the weight( pun intended ) LOL. I am never disappointed with your videos. Waking up on Sunday morning I am always anxious to see your videos. You give me inspiration to complete work on my 1996 GMC Sierra 6.5L ambulance conversion. I am racing the clock on completing engine, suspension, and cab upgrades so that I can attend the Off Road Wrecker Games in Sand Hollow State Park Utah. Matt's Off Road Recovery channel has organized the event to take place March 9-11 2023 with 4 other recovery channels attending. Check it out!
Not just going to town for ice iream....now it could be Ice cream and pickles.
Guys, PLEASE mount a kill button… or two.
Casey Ladell in his videos has some good hints on when to/not use chains.  Such as you experienced in this one.  Chains would break thru the crust and leave you in soft stuff that gets you stuck.  Might have been better off no chains and in lowest CTIS setting.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdW5uGzbqYo
Got two tips for you guys: 1. Change the mounting in front of the truck into a steel plate, and put a parallelogram with a quick attach mounting on the snowblower. Look up on youtube how they are made here in Scandinavia, where we are used to remove snow. 😅 2. To be able to steer with that much weight in the front, you need a ballast in the rear. Your rear wheels are just going wherever they want the way you drive it now (I thing Newtons law has something to do with it 😉). Other than that, great build. :)
I built a 3 point mount on my Dodge to mount blower. Jackpine Savage Repair my channel.
You Two are so inspiring, we’re off grid just outside of Republic Washington, but I’m retired and really don’t have the means to do the things you guys are doing
15:02 you should add in a hydraulic accumulator to the lift cylinder - that way the attachment isnt creating pressure spikes in the system and the cylinder behaves like a hydraulic shockabsorber helping the suspension system - better than a bunch of weight thats fixed in place, wheelloaders and tractors as well as wheeled excavators have it for the 3 point hitch front loader , backhoe or boom.
Wow! I have loved watching your videos every Sunday for months, but this project has been epic. So much fun to watch and makes me want to dust off my welding machines.
Nice work.  Such an accomplishment, for sure.
Nice work! Fine machine for sure!
Mind blown on how Riley thought this through.  I need to be your neighbor for a Zombie Apocalypse!  BTW - a cool project is you all getting a AWD Toyota Sienna and lifting it and pimping it up as the ultimate Family Platform!  Trust me as a Dad of 3 - Minivans and their sliding doors and load capacity is the ultimate family platform!!!!
If your snow blower is picking up too many road rocks, just add some air into the tires to elevate it. Perhaps your tire inflation is too low.
Worth watching just for all the 'vitamin R', alone! (Riley's face as he gets to test it out for the first time. LOL)
Glad ya went with the mega crimp hose. Good stuff
Sheila the skid steer is sad and jealous. She could come live with me and be happier😏
you guys are awesome!
Next you will be making trax for the army truck next lmao
Good in the zombie apocalypse as well😏🥴
good job,now it wont snow again
It works it works. You have a really great man Courtney and he always smiling. Smiles must come after he thinks of you. Thanks for video, it made me smile when I saw it posted
Awesome now you should make. A small salter for the rear and balance out the truck with putting some salt bags on a skid and tie it down so you also can fill the salter this way you salt asphalt areas not dirt but will help on ice
Adding a few thousand pounds of gravel in the back could be a good thing.
I don’t always like your harder than necessary methods………but Riley is one smart as hell mf.
Great video, so many questions! But since I cannot afford other channels in which you most likely covered let's go with this!... "Breath"...  Riley,Dang I forgot how good u where at welding.  Rock on! Courtney, ur the video editing queen, with spawn of 2x ginger... Riley I may have missed but you have a new fuel tank? Guessing the old poopy one just needed  modern refresh? Other then that so many things NOT covered in videos, but thankfully my smart , "Arse" brain can imagine......... I'm thing so fin in vids for less conganativly capably persons should follow ;). Good luck on NOT getting a " risk taking riley" for the wee one! Keep up fun content! Bob the dad out...
Over the years, I have collected extra welding gas tanks for all my welding operations. It makes it so I don't run out during times like weekends and holidays when snow equipment breaks and it needs to be repaired now.
Helga seems like a fitting name.
I don’t like the jumping around the time line. You already had a starting point. Just move forward from the last video. The technology used is great.
That beast is wicked awesome! She needs a proper name.
You are fantastic planners, engineers and fabricators with great know-how!. Don't change, above all stay as you are! BE WELL.
You could have built a lift system like those used on your plow truck. The lower end of the cylinder hooks to the frame, the upper end to a cross bar. A chain hooks from the crossbar to blower. When you drop the blower the chain gives you slack so the blower follows the ground.
You need more weight in the bed if the truck, it will help with the rear wheel traction. The highway snow blows/blows usually have a load of sn in the box.
Love the show. Amateur comment here but worth suggesting: Try airing down the tires a bunch versus adding the chains. Try to stay on top of the snow pack   The chains are more for ice typically and tend to break through the snow pack and dig yourself down.  Check out you tuber Casey LaDelles channel. In a recent episode he talked about using his truck aired down vs using chains. Ps. He also has a snoverlander.  Thanks for the great production and congrats on the channel and family.
you likely already planned for it....  having a lot of extra hydraulic oil capacity will give you also cooling advantage.  Other wise you may need to add a cooler?
Reminds me of the old TV show Monster Garage
Counter weight.. needs Counter weight.. but wow is that thing awesome
Amazing!! Great work, Riley!! Very impressed.
Why didn't you rig it so you could start and stop the snow blower engine from inside the trucks cab
That would also be great to have in case of a zombie apocalypse lol😂
Riley you need more weight on the back of the truck to off set the weight of the Blower for backing up. halifax nova Scotia.
Awesome build 👏 👌 😎
Please please please don't ever stand close to the front of this blower while it is operating ever! One slip on the snow/ice and its prosthesis or worse. There is no room for reckless here by either of you. Standing in front of it about the 18:55 range was very dangerous. Your fabrication skills though are amazing.
My father (who was an electrical engineer) called mechanical engineers, "maniacal engineers". I think that fits Riley...
Snow blower Mad Max edition.
Beautiful welds!
A couple of large concrete blocks in the back for counterweight will help overall. Great Build!!
Dr. Frawnkensteen I presume.
Today was the first time i thought OMG thats dangerous Cortny!! (it's usually RR that give me those felings) but i really must warn you not standing infront of a snow blower! They often sends stones flying! Often they dont go thru the tower, they just go any direction 180 degres from forward.. And i think you have one or two stones on that road!! Please be careful!! ❤️🇸🇪
Pretty cool...how much stronger and faster working on the snow ....🎉
Hydraulics are fun!
An amazing fest of engineering.
Un-freaking  believable.. A great accomplishment. Congrats!! Question.. Are there any concerns whether, over time, the stress of bouncing up and down the road will degrade the structure holding the plow in place? Looks real solid on the road but just wondering if that might be a concern?
Nice work.  If you ever want an industrial maintenance job let me know.
Nice job
Doctor Frankenstein it's alive it's alive it's alive.
The trouble I could save if I had a plasma table. One can dream…
I love your creativity and ingenuity.   You’re both amazing!!!!    Wish you could have shown getting the truck unstick
Great job.  Your engineering degree is paying off.
If anything that truck is going to be super front heavy now.
Can we address the elephant in the room? The chrome tip on the exhaust doesn’t exactly scream north Idaho snow blower. Maybe it’s for that trip to town.
That beast would be perfect for a (Stephen King ) horror movie
I want to be like Riley when I grow up!
Let's see what happens when you actually have some snow! 🤔
keep the good thing coming thank tim gay
You should whip up a Corsi-Rosenthal Box for your air filtering needs. Must have for any workshop where you are cutting metal or wood.
В кузов нужно пару бетонных блоков. А то жопа в верх пытается подняться))).
Maybe add a big metal counter weight to the back of the truck like a crane has could help with the with the weight on front issue and with the overall traction issue.
It needs down pressure it looks like float left 2-3 inches behind? Does the truck have front and rear diff locks.
You guys rock! Great build...
I call bull on your “test” Come on back when you have some real snow !! A good foot of heavy snow, then I’ll be impressed
Imma need another video of it working in deeper snow. Looked like the bottom of the blower wasn’t down far enough and the tires were cutting further into the snow than the bottom cutter of the blower. RPM looks good and def agree you will need cruise control in the army truck for the sun fire engine.  Hope you get some good use out of it this year! Great video, can’t wait to see more of it this winter.
Putting some rock in the back of the truck box as counter ballast to the blower will improve traction. Good engineering on the hitch and hydraulics.
Marvelous Idea made workable...I wonder if due to the weight of the blower on front axle if a counterweight or equal load in the rear would help balance for traction, worked for me years ago on a 3/4 ton PU with plow, ya never know. Good Job guy's !!
Just totally awesome it may look like a mad max contraption but grt work I love it
Since you took out the engine of the Pontiac will it be the base for an off road go kart?
GOOD MORNING
Have you thought about making some connections to have everything mounted in the cab.
works like a champ might to worn plans to get the new Mom and baby upstairs with a hydraulic elevator just thinking ahead.well thought out and performs as it should.
I can assure how satisfying is to get functional things made by our own hands. This could explain why your channel is growing fast all around the world. You know, even we who didn't do anything but watching you, can also get some serotonin shots, it means, you guys are addictive, all FIVE of you! 😁  Greetings from Poland
Riley,   you   the   Man!  Courtney   your  the  Women!  Thanks  for  bringing  ( Us)  Ambition  Strikes  to  YouTube!   Dean P.S.  New  Side  Business?
See I know you guy could do it it looks great and great job
Awesome. Loved watching
What do you have for some cushion (compliance) to the truck chassis if the snow blower hits something. Impact loads can do a lot of damage to both the truck and the blower.
Riley you are a genius really a tremendous fabricator i am just amazed at your skills.
very cool well done guy's
some ballast weight in the bed would be a huge help as well,  I haul Sandbags when I plow.. at the back of the bed near tailgate,  they work for weight as well as material you can open and put under wheels when you get stuck. Our farm supply store sells 80 lb bags in a reinforced plastic type bag so the sand never gets wet unless you open it.. I haul 10 bags in a 1/2 ton truck with a 8 1/2 foot blade on the front.   goes like a tank.  Great Job on this project..
Time, money and tools!  Great combination to go with your skills.  Nice work.  Thanks
You may have some icing issues with the radiator. There is a mesh fabric for snowmobiles that may shed the snow and keep it from icing if it becomes an issue.
tension rubbers??all tire chains need to be cut to fit!!
no you need 2000 lb. of weight on the ass end or more
What an achievement. Very few would have even thought about building this snow blower, even fewer would have the ability to engineer such a project. You two are truly amazing. Thank you so much for sharing this with us. Congratulations on the coming next generation little engineer.
Man , You Folks did it. That Machine is frigging AWESOME. Great Job.🤙
Don't you think it's time we give army truck a name
Super cool do you need to put some weight in the back end of the truck Do you have any skid plates on the snow thrower How about extra driving lights so you can see what’s going on when you’re blowing the snow otherwise very cool good job🎉
you need counter weight in the back of the truck.
Riley you are a welding Picasso!
That is an absolute death trap with no counter weight over the rear axle, guaranteed disaster waiting to happen.
Do an unstuck video
nice job i hope well great for you guy with out any issues at all
WOW  YES SHE DID
Well done you are a genius. I am proud of you and your lovely wife.
Seems like a waste of time just buy a used blower
absolutely speechless
Another hydraulic spool and cylinder for the chute deflector and you can put snow anywhere you want!  Wicked cool!
Nice work. You need to add weight to the truck. A long wheel base and disproportional weight on the front axle will make it very hard to turn or back up. If you don’t want to put something heavy in the bed you could try loading the tires with windshield washer fluid or beet juice.
So I’m not going to lie when the two of you were in the shop testing out the hydraulics I was a bit fearful…. Which made me think of Little Shop of horrors and the plant he loved so much with all the hard work you have put into bringing this to life… and the little bit of horror one might think in seeing this…. Thus you all should name this AUDREY after the plant in the movie.
I don't know if I speak for everybody, but, your ingenuity is amazing.  Most of us wouldn't have a clue on how to do a build like this. This thing should move mountains of snow in no time flat.
cool it with the soy smile, mate
Awesome Job the two of you do!
Get that pregnant woman away from that garbalator!  That thing is amazing / terrifying.
Need a huge cement block in the back for weight and you need to oil the drive chain on the blower
You know what. Your videos are becoming more fun to watch every time. Especially sometimes I click on what sounds like a boring title, not this one, but it's just plain fun to watch. Sure hope you get some fresh fluffy white stuff soon.
That's bad ass guys ! Good job
Awesome job. Your ideas and designs are unique! Would wheels on the snow blower help?
Riley maybe reckless but have some faith in him! He has a good mechanically minded center.
Awesome video.   It'd be cool if you made a companion video that is super detailed about the hydraulics and all the logic/math that went into that.
Congrats!
Are you going to replace that funky engine ignition switch with you cool little relay panel?
🚧Congratulations🚧. It would help to load some gravel or dirt in the bed as ballast.
Riley, nice “Stack-of-dimes” bead laid down there!
Now you need to add some waterproofing to a bunch of those electical connections, like the ignition switch, prior to using it in a storm.  But I am so looking forward to some shots of that thing chewing threw monster mounds of fresh snow.
There are engineers, there are mechanical engineers, there are technicians. Riley is ALL of them combined. 👍🏻👍🏻
❤❤🌹❤❤
Great job on the snowblower  Riley , that's one awesome looking machine. Well done , well done indeed.
😎👍👍👍Riley this is your best so far. The Idea works but for how long? I recommend Ballast weight over the rear wheels and maybe a shut off sensor on the hydraulics. Depends on your build.❤❤❤
Very genius and very big smiles 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
I believe Riley can build it from the scratch. It would be better. This is amazing.
Really impressive build. I realize this is just the start of fine tuning this great build but I just wanted to add a few observations. Perhaps a bigger reservoir for the hydraulics? They can heat up pretty quickly and your pump won't like that. Just keep an eye on the pump temperatures, you might be fine in the cold. Loading the very back of the bed with weight to distribute tire load as evenly as possible will give the best traction. Something like tote full of water or large bags of dirt that your excavator can easily lift. Great Videos as always and congratulations on your addition to the family.
It's true. . . .you are one hell of an engineer!!!!  Congrats!!!!!!
Been following awhile and I think someone is very intelligent and has the $$$ to back it up, which is a good thing. After all the projects are done and everything is set up, what is the end game? This is not a farm, and not a ranch so what do you do to keep occupied?
Fine, fine work. From concept, design & fab! You should nab the old Sunfire emblems and apply them prominently to your new creation!
Load a couple tonnes of sand on the rear axle,  will compensate for  the front weight of the blower
I put this video in FULL screen mode because I wanted to see it up close and personal. Great job guys. I'm always in awe of your skills.
Wow that was really cool I think you got a wench to go on the back when you got stuck you would be able to hook up to a tree and wench yourself backwards to get unstuck anyway enjoyed it awesome work 😎
I would have put wheels on it
What happened to Riley's snout? Kitty cat smack?
I wanted to just put that thing deep into the snow
I have two comments to make first I would love to see Courtney took that down to the local ice cream store. Lol second now you got a truck you got a higher out to the town to get snow off the roads.
You got it functional, but when you get the real deep snow, and lots to move, that will be the real test.  Also you left alot of snow on the ground after the blower went through, which is not how it should be.  I can see you have fine tuning, as well as a few upgrades to how to control the engine speed , and starting the blower engine from inside the truck cab.  Thanks for the thrill, of it working.    You should be very proud of your accomplishment.  It will be a game changer when you clean that driveway, and the neighbors, when done!  😊😊😊
A world without WD40 would be possible but not worthwhile  ..... and a can of MP Grease might help sometimes 😁
Need a shot of the truck coming out the garage through the smoke  for a compilation video of 2023 builds, year end re-cap.   Hey, want a multi-season use idea?    Enclose the front of that blower and add a chute so you can drop hay bales into it via a conveyor from the bed - for when you seed your hill sides to prevent erosion?  Not sure where the bale twine will go but I’m sure the mad scientist can figure it out.   And Riley, that plasma table doesn’t do a thing without your brain behind it.   Nice work!
Put weight in back
Awesome engineering
Time for Ice Cream !!
You folks are fantastic planners, engineers and  fabricators. Your smiles are a signal that your efforts have paid great dividends. Blessings to both of you.
This was great. Now all you need are Sunfire Seats to make the Army truck more fun. A tour of your new shop would be great. Thank for making my weekend
Great job. I would like to hear the sound of it working rather than music, though. Just my opinion... Also, suggest some ballast in the rear of the bed to counterbalance the blower when raised plus more rear traction. Although I imagine you're already doing this... Thanks, this has been a great series.
What amazing thoughts you two have!! Hopefully everything works well and safely. How are you both feeling? Great I hope and pray. See you on your next visit. From Central Oklahoma
You undertook a massive idea and turned it to reality!
Also add side wings, to make it cut a wider path, & drift cutters, to cut tall drifts. It will be alot easier to turn it the path of the snowblower is wider than the truck. I've seen snow drifts taller than my house. Ever the biggest snowblowers mounted on huge ag tractors weren't able to do the job by themselves.  Add a belt guard to keep snow & oil off the belts. Air still needs to get in, to cool the belts. But you don't want them slipping.  Add skis with a bigger footprint. Don't want that gravel driveway in the trees. LOL Add ballast to rear of truck. Maybe an ICB tote filled with rock (sand). Idea - lift dump box, chain or mount tote to back of box, & lower box to lift tote off ground. Might need to build a few bits of structure. But should be easier than using other equipment to lift it onto box.
How comes when is was blowing snow it wasn't at the bottom of ground level?
Happy Sunday, Ambition strikes has a video!! Isnt it great that you can work in a workshop instead of outside in the snow!!,  I think Courtney you should be carefull filming near the snow blower working, the speed it throws out the snow, and the old road could throw up a rock at speed.!!. Always look forward to youre video's, hope the pregnancy is going well!!😘, get in all the good stuff ,like Ice cream for when you are at the I fancy stage!!. Thanks for the video Love from UK on sunday at 4.30 in de afternoon UK time.x x
I see a remote start in your future lol
Excellent fab and engineering skills. Yes, design and the plasma table saves tons of time. It will work fine. I am sure that truck is extremely heavy. I hate to comment or make recommendations (everyone else is an expert, right?) I wonder about a support or pilot shaft with a pillow block bearing for the lower pulley. WIth heavy pull there is probably quite a bit of lateral force on that shear coupling.  Great! I also did something similar with a Loftness blower and old combine. I am also waiting for some really "BIG" snow to put it thru its paces.
Awesome guys 👍.  When you have your little one, boy are they going to get an education you both.
Needs counterweight on the back of the truck!!!  Maybe rollers on side at the bottom of the blade to stop the blade  hitting the ground, will also help with moving if / when something goes wrong with blower motor, Nice work you two.
Glad to see it working.  Now each of you have a snow blower to clean off the roads.
Y'all are Afrigginmazing!!!!! 🥰 Sending Much Love your way💖
Thay was pretty dang cool!!! koodos on the fabin it up. Its something to have an idea and turn it into a functioning product. A few suggestions would be to put some kind of hood over the motor now. As you start blowing for long periods of time it is going to ice up everything on that motor.  Also they make tire chain tensioners to keep the chains tight on the tire and not slipping.  They are made out of rubber or you can just  bailing wire them if they are going to be on there a while. Just throw some rocks or gravel in the back of your dump bed for more weight that will  give you the traction you need. But I am sure you have already thought of all of this.
Sorry about the chain fit. We make them to the largest tire size in that size. If that makes sense? All the tire manufacturers are slightly different molds.
I believe your going to have to put weight in the back of the truck to help balance out
Great job
The chains were too big because the Goodyear's with the same numerical tire size is two inches taller than the Michelin XML's, roughly 6" to 8" longer .
hello my dear friends
Great build! Maybe it was your intention to not put the blower all the way down because this was the maiden voyage. Next video put that huge blower down and blow some snow, then you won't get stuck, your wheels will be on a clean surface instead of a foot of snow. Great videos.
✌️😍
Another fun video. Thanks! The blower is looking really good. I suspect you're going to want to mount some nice bright LED lights on the blower so you can use it at night. You will have plenty of 12V power from the blower engine electrical system to run the lights.  I also think you're going to want to put some sort of a hood over the engine ad hydraulics so if it's out in the weather, it's protected.
Love it guys.
Congratulations on a successful project (X2), a new family member and a snow machine. 👍
i know you can do it
Don’t forget skis for the bottom of the blower !!
I think you way overshadowed the hydraulic installation but good job anyway.
I had little doubt it would work. I am definitely jealous of the plasma table. I can't justify having that much money in my shop.
Hi guys …. Great job on the blower and fabrication to hook up to your truck …. Just a fyi I know you talked about last minute stuff … please have a emergency shut off in cab🙏…. Just in case something happens …. Maybe some extra weight sand bags on a pallet for weight ??… any ways well done
They should have come to you about how to shoot down that balloon.🤣🤣 Great job.
Balast bed even by load of snow, gravel would be beter. Then truck will have more grip
need to make sprout longer  to get it away from truck and have a good defroster  it will ice up windshield
did a viper strike your nose??
Just when I thought the tracks on the Jeep were the coolest thing ever built on youtube, Riley said, hold my beer.
Hey I thought this was going to be your Side Hustle? Make it pay for it self. Snow blowing for hire? While getting the ice cream... Hey Ice cream truck with its on snowblower, Now your thinking! Lol. Special Delivery, Who got the, Butter pecan, who ordered the Ben and Jerry's, Chunky Monkey?
Great job R R. I look forward to my coffee and you two and projects ❤ take care and be safe.
I'm only half way thru... but aside from whether the truck will handle the weight in the front, I keep coming back to a counterweight on the back.  I know it's four wheel or all wheel drive... but aren't you still going to need a counterweight over the back axle?
Wow good job you two.
I enjoyed your snowblower video very much. Are you considering putting an electric control on your up and down chute? I think you would find it beneficial. Also some weight in the back of your truck would help with traction. Keep the videos coming. Can't wait to see the completion of your deck. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Did you not engineer in a little bit of float to the ram so when the terrain isn't level the blower can still be on the surface and float as the surfaces change In the late of the video the blower was leaving a bunch of snow and you may have got stuck ,hard to believe a V6 powered snow blower on a 4x4 3 ton would get stuck , good work now just fine tune it
Looks like you need to add about 1000lbs of weight to the bed of that truck.
There needs to be an awards ceremony for YouTube content creators. This would definitely take the "Most Inventive project done from an off grid channel" award.
If the army truck could talk it would say. "guys i was made by the lowest bidder take it easy on my"
Riley you are insane    love it  great work both of you    get it patterned  and make a million now for 4 feet of snow  to really  see what it can do  , maybe you can   make a truck mounted wood chipper     for your next project take care both of yo be safe
First I want to say you amaze me with your knowledge. Second I am sure you have thought of this but I am going to say it anyway just in case. I would build some kind of guard for the radiator. And add a wire harness so I could do all controls including starting the blower from inside the cab and have it so I could just unplug it when removing the blower. maybe put one of those big rocks in the back when blowing to add some weight to the back. Anyway congrats.
How do you turn the darn thing around?😆😆
16:06 Rear wheels are light due to the weight of the cantilevered plow on the front. Put a pile of sand on the bed and keep it tarped to keep it dry. Then you have weight and a handy source of sand for when the roads get icy.
Do you plan to box in, cover, the engine that powers the blower ?
That was amazing great job thanks for letting me watch.
You may need a couple of skid bars on each end so the bucket floats along the ground without nose diving into the ground, just say'n 👍👍
Crazy Man!  How smart are you?  REALLY SMART.   I was lost back at the idea of doing this snow blower on this truck.  You two are so much fun to watch.
You need to figure out some plow lights, other an that it’s so amazing 👍
That is so awesome, bring on the snow!!!!
This looks soo cool.  Even though it doesn't snow in my country!
Great work guys! Do you think adding weight to the bed help out with travel?
"Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
Just got to say that is some nice welds
How about putting some oil on the poor chain of the blower? Give it some love
Great job, you people!
Great job. Your first stage screws spin way too fast, thats why the snow is projected out of the snowblower instead of inside. You need to change the gear ratio to slow the screw by half the speed atleast. If you have question just PM me.
I gotta say that when Riley decides on something he makes it work.  It doesn't hurt that he has the best lookin' wife in Idaho either. 🙂❤
Make sure that you oil the chain before you go blowing! Good job!
YES !!!!!    YES !!!!     YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice job, better check your road before a storm for rocks, displaced boulders, wood etc. Those blowers are meant for paved road use. You know it won't snow now??
Pretty good chance Courtney will be heading to town for ice cream and pickles in the middle of the night😂
TIM from Canada suggestions on putting on tire chains.. if you can find a block that is big enough. Drive your truck on top of it and then. put on your chains. back of the truck off of the block this way you have room to maneuver.. and the tire is not on the ground..( Play putting a Block or a brick or something underneath your tire then driving it on top will help you with your  chains)
If your truck is anything like Andrew Camarata's the gear box is a nightmare and his only has one wheel drive in most of his videos.   If I was to build a plough truck like yours I'd use a small more compact engine like a diesel or equip the truck with on board hydraulics and reduce the plough weight. Also adding wheels to the plough will help it float. You really need ballast in the rear of the truck bed
I have been a mechanic all my life (67 yrs) I love watching your Youtube channel !! Thank You
It great to see u back, hope the pregnancy is goin good
You guys are Amazing!! 😀🌹
Good job , now you need a sand casting unit on the bed for counter weight. All your traction is on the front leaving little traction for the rear. Just a thought to help you stay unstuck in any level of snow.
Pretty cool…would still add a lot of weight in the bed, though……good job!
HOW ABOUT A NAME FOR THE BLOWER    I VOTE    FOR FRANKENBLOWER     ROFLMAO
Nice. Thanks for sharing
i think you will need weight in the back to offset front weight
Lots of channels drop videos on Sunday morning.  This channel in always watched first!
that will do a great job clearing deer from the road
To your whiteboard list you need to add Snow to blow
Out of curiosity who do you folks use for welding supplies?  I am a driver for Linde delivering welding gases
Brilliant work. Is there any thing you can’t do once you put your minds to it? If we ever need colonists to go to another planet you should both be on the list. Reckless Riley in spaaaaaaaaaaaaace. Have yourselves a great week.
1) Grease and oil all chains, bearing and joints on that blower.   2) Put a couple of IBC tote full of water (ice) on the back of the truck.
Magicians!
That thing is a beast - great to see the first functions are working so well!
3:12 Getting flashbacks to BA Baracus in the A-Team here, next fabrication video you do please insert the A-Team theme tune here 😅
i probably get more ice-cream in winter than summer
I've been looking forward to this video. Just be careful you don't pick up a rock from your driveway, it'd ruin your day.
For the algorithm
Did you feed a kill switch into the cab to avoid a Jeremy Renner moment?
It looks great!!!! Made this look like a walk in the park. What made you decide to do hydraulic float vs a chain/linkage float like on most pickup snow plows?
OOOhhhhh What a Tangled web we weave !
OOOhhhhh What a Tangled web we weave !
You need to add some weight to the rear. It will help with stuck problems
Add some weight in the bed to counter balance the front. Will give you more traction.
Excellent work! Absolutely amazing what Riley can do. I'm wondering if a counter weight on rear of truck will offset the blower weight resulting in more rear tire traction?
Your skills are amazing, I like your videos
Your skills are amazing, I like your videos
Did not read all the comments and haven't watched the whole video but I would load snow into the back to counter the front weight.
very impressed with your work , I take my hat off to you
seem like it been forever last video on this snow blower , last time they did a video on this snow blower over 3 weeks ago lol not to long ago right .
Blow safe!
You may want to consider putting something in the box of the truck that has some weight on the back of it.
Riley, just a wild and crazy idea, maybe.. but would either galvanizing the snow-blower metal, or perhaps a teflon coating reduce/stop the rust?  I've seen the county trucks add extra weight in the bed to provide more traction, and one of them said it is important to have what is contacting the snow (on the snow-blower) to be the same temperature as outside to reduce wet snow from sticking to it.  Overall though, we're excited for you and love watching the channel.
Quick time for a project this big in my opinion! Couple of these solutions are just pure genius
Red Green worthy!
You solve problems I can't even picture! And have fun doing it
at 1:04 into this video I see the augers rotating BACKWARDS! they should pull snow to center not out to the ends
What a great accomplishment! You may want to add some weight over the back wheels to help your traction and counterbalance the weight of the snowblower on the front! Congrats on the baby. Blessing to you all! Question: How are the solar panels working with melting the snow? Do you have to clean the off much or does the reflecting from the back help?
Dont forget to add plenty of weight over the rear axle to help with traction and balance out the weight of the blower.
Nice snowblower however i would advice you load the back of the truck with 2 or 3 ton of ballast to get more wheel / traction. also i would add arms on the heng off system now the front off the blower is at the same angle to the ground as the chassis in your situation this is not always handy.
Nice job, you should paint THE BEAST on the inside above the top auger!
You need about 2-3 k weight in the back of the truck, should help a lot. Nice job.
Next is a super supremely strong winch to winch out the stuck truck? That was such a cool video!!! But can the next one be longer than 1 minute?? This one flew by...Amazing! Looking forward to seeing it clear the snow from your new road...What an incredible achievement. Seriously, Riley needs a skin tight lycra suit with a cape and a mask. He's a super hero.
firewoodfred says "yes Riley ice-cream in the winter and pickles will follow. believe me" !!!
So great you 3. It's awesome.
Those  welds look really good.
well done both of you another great build
How are you doing this all by yourself? This is crazy complicated stuff. All the motors, haydraulics, electronics, welding etc. Wow
You  need to blow your neighbors to make some money back on this expensive project!   Pun indented!
Good job on getting the snowblower attached and functional.  Looks like you'll need to add a bunch of ballast weight in the truck bed to offset the weight of the snowblower on the front end of the truck.  That should help with turning.  One tip to snowblowing on gravel is to make sure the ground is good and frozen otherwise you will be peeling up your gravel and launching it through the snowblower.
​Now for some vanity exhaust pipes for the blower engine.
Ok, nice! But!!! You need to ad a 1ft wing on each side of the blower so your cleared path is slightly wider than your wheel base and you aren't driving in snow. Then from years of experience... you need to run the blower on the ground so you won't get stuck in the snow you left on the road. Otherwise enjoyed your video, enjoy your channel and best of all enjoy listening to you both. Thank you. (P/S build and fix more mechanical stuff!)
Crazy Cool...
Riley is genius 👍👌. I enjoyed watching you guys😊
Another great team effort . My question to you will you consider a 1 year recap on how your solar has worked ? I am considering a similar sized system as you constructed . I have way more trust in your analysis of it's performance vs so many of the so called , Let us help you everything is wonderful crowd . Thank you
Riley you float really a great bead on your welding. you guys are awesome. Take it easy Courtney for you baby. Love you guys.
Well done. I'm pondering if you might not want to roll the blower forward at the top? It might also be worthwhile to create a parallel link arm system to keep the intake at a consistent angle of attack. Cruise control is a great plan.
All I can say is put weight on the back end of the truck and run it an inch off the ground
I recommend some heavy grease on those pins, sockets, chains, and gears to minimize heat and stress. Nice job!
Another successful project! One of reasons your channel is so much fun.
That is such an awesome & amazing accomplishment! You guys have come so far in the past year!! So looking forward to all your future builds!  One thing tho?  The past few videos you have posted, your audio is so low, I have to almost crank the volume, & then when the commercials come on it blasts out of the speakers!  Can you please look into this??  Awesome content tho, keep it up!
Love it all that power, just needs one thing to help it some rear weight, most trucks are light in the back anyway adding the blower pretty much moves all the weight over the front tires, other then that blower looks flawless
Riley: I have to give you major Kudos, I have watched your engineer & fab projects in the past, but this snow blower is your best. From mounting an car engine to the snow blower,  the mounting frame & hydraulics, your engineering, fabbing and welding skills are top notch!
Phenomenal build !  Getting that blower to float on skids mounted on each side will keep it above the road at a consistent height so you won't get stuck again....
Hey Guys, Your like the guys on A team whipping something up to defeat the crooks. Its awesome. You can almost hear Riley even say I love it when a plan comes to together! Hey its crazy but it works!
Sweet chili secret sauce
Super cool, I am as excited as you are. Grrrrreat job. Cheers
Unbelievable. OUTSTANDING. !  WELL DONE. 🇺🇸 👍👍
Riley is a mad scientist. Is there anything he can't do?
MAGNIFIQUE ! 👍🙌👏 Vous êtes trop forts !
YAY!!! I never doubted your mad genius skills Riley! I have ONE question for you. Will you need lights on it to see where you're playing (just in case)? If so WHERE would they be placed? Good job!
What a great video, thanks for makeing it look so easy. I don´t have any clue about all of this stuff
Awesome! Also, absolutely terrifying...
Might want to extend that shoot up a few feet. Looks like it blocks the view a little
Well you know what’s next??, tracks on the Army truck
Love it keep it up ❣️
Why didn’t you blow the snow so you could turn around? 🧐
Nice...  😀
why didn't you have a hydraulic line, routed from the tipper to the front, with a switching valve, with which you can switch back and forth between the body and the snow blower, then you would have had a powerful hydraulic system, and also enough hydraulic oil
I am enjoying this episode. I also noticed you got cabinets in there that you didn’t explain how they got there.
Tons of smiles of success! Little dialing in and your set.
do get hit with a rock in the head
Looks like it maybe a little dangerous? Also looks fun
That came out awesome
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸👀👀👀🍻🍻🍻☕️☕️☕️👍👍👍🥃🥃🥃🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
first you wanted to plow, then skidsteer the snow out, now blow it out.  soon you'll use solar to heat and melt the road.
Very impressive must say. Really enjoy watching this 👌
Do you have purchase information for the relay push buttons?
You sir are an F-ing genius!
Very awesome job. I think I would have lifted the thing with a winch and a linear actuator for the shoot. I think you guys  probably are doing it better.
Is there anything you can’t do!! Impressive!! Very impressive!!
IF THAT BLOWER IS THE BRAND I THINK IT IS MY UNCLE IS SMILING DOWN ON YOU WITH YOUR INVENTIVE SPIRIT.
I have Shop Envy
I think the only problem will be the car engine, that does not have a cover, I think moisture will be problem.
Beast Mode Baby !!!
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏👏☃️☃️🍀
OMG LOVE YOU GUYS!
>
Hello ambitions strike glad to see you back and the projet is nice tanks
Hi from Melbourne Australia 🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘🦘
Looks huge. And looks insane. Can't wait 30 seconds to go
My weekend is not complete without a video from you two!
That was fun and the engine was more than enough to throw snow, well done and I hope for one more good snow so you can give it a good test with some fresh powder but from what I have seen this is a home run.
It looks to me like you need to set the hydraulic ram to push the blower downward  more.   It appears to me that the blower is riding on top of the snow instead of biting through the snow down to the road surface and ingesting the snow to blow out.   Maybe it is just the way I'm looking at it, but DAMN that is one big snow blower and a great project!   Love it  you guys.
woohoooo!!!
Brilliant work
Awesome engineering analyses, designing, welding and testing.  Suggest considering mounting wheels to the edges of the blower so you don't have to rely on metal skids. So how are you going to get the truck and snowblower unstuck?
What's with the holes in the back of the cab? Are you installing a heater in there?
THAT will be so much fun after a heavy powder snowfall!!   possibly add a skid plate with small steel wheels on the back of the snowblower frame so if you are backing up over a hump / unlevel section the sharp angles wont dig in ? In any case you are an awesome Enginner coming up with these things and then DOING them yourselves!
You made the massive amount of work attaching this to the truck look really easy. That is impressive.
Morning
