Don't mind me, just catching a shiny Pokemon in every single area of the game  I post the cool shinies on twitter first 👉😎👉 https://twitter.com/Nokimons
13:57 STOP THE LOKIX SCARED ME SO BAD
Bruh i found 4 shiny bagon across multiple locations and sandwiches in search of shiny gible no luck 😅
My first time playing Scarlet, on Christmas Eve, I went out to South Area Three and immediately found a shiny Shinx. First time that had ever happened for me. Luxray is one of my favorites so I was quite happy
Oh😥- 7:28
Omori, pjsk, genshin, honkai starrail,, THUS GUY KNOWS WHAGS UP
You want to know lucky...I found 2 shiny Tarountula's within 30 seconds of each other. Currently on Poco Path in a shiny only, gen 9 pokemon challenge and I managed to find 2 of them within 30 seconds of each other. Should be noted I looking for one last mon before Arven's first fight and I'm still looking. I haven't seen anything since.
In area one I got a psyduck shiny
Filled up 24 boxes trying to hatch a shiny honedge with no luck, now I have to release all of them…one. at. a. time…so I’m just rewatching all Noki’s videos while releasing all of them trying to keep my motivation up……..help
4:01 I found my shiny there too
5:32 see that shiny bug because I just caught the normal one and it's brown
Nokimon pls make a new video
curious to how this area locke would be on the switch 2 XD
I got a shiny frigibax and it is in a dive ball
2 yrs late but i found 2 shinies back to back within the min (no shiny charm or sandwich) which then my game crashed (dont have autosave on) lost both (flamigo&bergmite) and about 2 hours of progress in the game
I instantly recognized Sweetheart theme on the intro... Noki is the goat for this!
6:34 Yes
I tried a nuzlocke for the first time and got shiny litleo and shinx. In the first 10 minutes of miraidon being mine
My first shiny was the one that is in Pokémon violet that eyes are changed. The eyes were blue and the rest of it was like night, armor and red. I forget the name, but it was so exciting when I found it.
Shiny charm is so op I got 1 shiny in 70 hours without it and 7 with it in 8 hours
I have been searching for a month and no shiny Froakie
What does Smoliv oil taste like?
Zebra gaming found shiny lechonk right after he did the catching tutorial
I found a shiny cyclazar  before brassiaus i caught it not knowinbg it was shiny and i put it in my boxes cutz i aint leav8ng my pawmo and other pok3mon. Forgot there names
12:15  "Hi baygon 💅💅"
Guess Arceus has his favorites.
3:48 me in Pokémon go
3:48 me in Pokémon go
I actually found my first shiny Pokémon today. I was heading to the Bug Gym, and saw a pink Mareep. I knew that Mareep are white, so I was really happy
9:38 Yet my feet don’t touch the ground
0:30
I'm starting to think you don't know the difference between pink and red lol
I got seven shiny in one day
I have 2 full odds shiny axews in two days
3:16 i missed a shiny scatterbug in the first 30 sec in my dad’s switch and thought was a regular one😢
one time when i was early into the game i found a shiny goomy but i failed to catch it
What’s the music 0:35
Man this guy keeps on getting a lot of shiny pomnis
How do you make a shiny rock sandwich
"Smolivs on a rock, what they doin?" has to be the the best sentence I've heard all week.
you already know that every noki video starts with a, no THE sickest intro ever
One time I was In arara 5 no encounter bossy got a shiny axue and then turned around and got a shing covisqire
Before I stopped playing, I remember wanting to get literally every distinct form I could. Gender, colors, all of it. But that's when the burnout started to happen. I already did everything in the main game and only thing I could do is shiny hunt, beat all the trainers I missed, unlock every area and item I missed, and so on. Yeah, burnout hit me. It was like a year ago.
Cyclazar is a good shiny tho tbh
13:57 Jumpscare lol
For the shiny charm did u need the scarlet exclusives?
It’s crazy because I spent months playing emerald after the post game as a kid and purposely looking for a shiny and then I play this gen and damn near have a shiny dex completed.  pkmn has come a long way 😂
10:26 I shiny hunted an axew with a shiny dragon sandwich no charm and after about 30mins I Got it and I evolved it into a haxorous which has a sick shiny.
7:08 wow
HELP ME WORLD’S END VALENTINE JUMPSVARED ME I WASNT EXPECTING MY FAVORITE OMORI OST IN A POKEMON VIDEO IM GIGGLING
Ya know, it's a good thing to learn the bread does absolutely nothing and you all ruin your sandwiches with that top bread for no reason /nbr
Every single shiny I got in Pokémon violet are full odds because I don’t really shiny hunt
y did you use sandwiches you said you wodent?
Shiny Torantula was my first ever shiny in pokemon Scarlet
Ayo he eepy? 🦀🦀🦀
UOU HAVE THE GOD LUCK
Im considering doing this as a Nuzlocke with a fresh start. Should i do it?
I’ve only ever found 1 shiny so far in scarlet and violet. I’ve never really been one to hunt for shinies. Especially while playing through the story. Marrill was my first shiny and it was full odds. Just a random spawn. I want to catch more now lol
9:21 Been on mine for awhile. I honestly watched this part and said “ight bet”. I spent over 5 hours in Area 1 alone, i was DYING. thankfully a pink piggy came with a mark so yay. I’m in area 6 now but lord how area 1 killed me..
❤❤❤❤❤❤
0:29 ohohohoho
Awesone
8:30 “I am a Bird!” Cracks me up!
I have a question, it might be my eyes tricking me but at 2:49 is that not a shiny yungoose???
i got 3 full odds shinys 2 of them was in 3 mins
"Long hunt"
Literally found a shiny Skiddo RIGHT AS YOU FOUND THE SHINY FLORGES.
The first pokemon i actually caught in pokemon violet was a shine azuril as fast as left poko path i found it
Trade for charmander or chimchar
I got a shiny gourmand mark scatterbug like 7 minutes into the game
gotta love that omori music
Great video ❤
Me and my brother were in area zero with no outbreaks, sandwiches, or shiny charm and got a gabite and gible shiny at the same time!
give hope for shiny hunting and caught shiny dewgong
So I attempt the area locked challenge (and no I'm not doing the 24h paradox hunt as this is umm insane), but I found one shiny in every area in Kitakami and I'm done with both the South and East Provinces. Shout out to Passimian for being a hunt just as quick as your Klawf in the Lagtree Thicket lol  Edit: I'll keep you updated about my finds when I'll finish my challenge and hopefully before the part 2 of the dlc comes out
this vid is so ridiculous. Your luck is so incredible
I also found a shiny tarantula right away along side with shiny fletchling
How do u crit catch every shiny?
well one time I got three shiny in one dat
Wait, shiny terra raids are shiny before you hop into the raid? Im now saving before every tera I do.
I love your videos but I just wish I could play the game tho but you make good content that is amazing to watch keep up the great work.
You've inspired me to take on this challenge as well! So far I've completed 6 areas, so only one left in the South. I think I'm being slightly more tactical with my targets (I went for mankey which has pack spawns in Southern Area 5 unlike your 20 hour hunt for a dragon). I like that there's flexibility even if I find a shiny mon that isn't my target, but it takes more dedication than throwing an herba mystica sandwich at what I'm aiming for. Let's see if I can beat your 60 hours :D
SHINY ROOKIDEE EXACTLY 12 MINS IN
My 1st legit shiny hunt was for a larvesta and jangmo and I got both
your shiny arceus found your save
A few days ago I found a shiny LUCARIO in Kitakami with no shiny charm and only a encounter boost
How do you get the shiny charm?
I named my Shiny Klawf.. Tomatoa :D
While watching I caught a shiny Chewtle, shiny pawniard, and shiny Wattrel. Insane. You are my luck charm.
Gallade is mah boy, I want a shiny Gallade so bad
I mean, doing this with a shiny charm is just... well, it's not even a challenge. As soon as I got shiny charm, I have been tripping over on shiny Pokemon all the time and everywhere. It's just ridiculously OP. Although, as a casual shiny hunter, it's been a good thing. Just one afternoon, I caught a full box of shinies. And during an outbreak? Omg. I got like 5 shinies in 10 minutes. But that aside, I understand one don't want to waste too much time on this. But just gotta say that on my other playthrough, without the charm, I already had a few rows of shinies before I finished the game. Either I'm super lucky or my game is broken 😂  Edit: after the second shiny. Well... that's the shiny charm for you! 😂
I got war flashbacks from listening to the sweetheart theme in the intro.
The Omori music👀👀👀 #OHOHOHO
What is the intro music? It sounds amaze balls! Update: never mind, this is what happens when I forget to read the description
13:28 that was so funny😂😂
I love how you use omori music 4 the opening lol
what’s the song name at 0:23 ?
Not gonna lie with shiny charm and sammiches I'm on day 10 of an area locke 😢😢
1:48 hey, me too!
i dont like how he says bagon like bay gon its bag on also he prob doesnt know that raids were in pokemon go first
The shiny combee I found, I was also looking for a shiny smolive, AND IT WAS A MALE TOO, I was kinda sad honestly
It wasn't a klawf but I had the same thing happen when I was hunting for rollycoly
i approve klawf the sleepy
I MISSED A SHINY ORTHWORM WHILE QATCHING THIS!!!!
I once got a random shiny venonat with the worn out mark
Anyone else think the music at the start of the video went real hard.🎉🎉🎉
You forgot the Pokèmon League 😢😢😢😢
I was shiny hunting for a lechonk and accidentally found a red and black Pokémon
Love the omori music
I think combee also had a mark
Hearing omori music in a Pokémon video is a fucking jumpscare
20 minutes for the Scatterbug? Unlucky. I found a shiny Tarountula when i was searching for Lechonk  after 12 minutes.
another fun thing about that klawf is that that's a static spawn location so you literally didn't even need the sandwich. it was gonna show up there anyway lol
Bro I’m so jealous of the shiny Klawf. It took me a total of 15 sandwiches to find one
I have 1 shiny klalf
5:04
Shiny hunting, pokemon, persona music. Im a simple man, you earned yourself sub.
I have a cute shiny mudbray❤
Dudes color blind orange rock pink but said red lmao
my first ever shiny was a male combee XD
trying this immediately
My goal is to get a shiny klawf the blue is cute plus the red cheeks makes my heart melt but I caught a shiny pawmi and deerling it was so random and I just restarted my game recently
Can we talk about how hype that intro was!
Funny thing, I also found a shiny tarountula in the first 30 seconds! strange...
I can’t believe this happened to me but I was roaming around and found a shiny tropius than not even 5 minutes later I got a shiny gulpin BOTH full odds, no sandwich no shiny charm.
Just gotta say, some ppl may think "this guy get all the shinys easy, pokemon company has made it easy"  Well, no hahaha, this MF is pure luck, Yeaj is easier but not at this freakin lvl
Last night I went into a stunky out break, not expecting to find a shiny. But after a few picnic resets, it appeared on camera. I named it pomegranate and evolved it.
I was hunting a Revavroom. Found one almost immediately. Accidentally KOed it. Searched for another hour, found three other shinies, one Copperajah and two Cufants. Still haven’t found the shiny Revavroom.
Runescape music and pokemon, AND good video editing. Subbed, youre amazing, keep it up
Where do you play the among us time is it?
Really funny story I was rewatching your video doing the same hunt and just got a mudbray 😂
Just decided to resume my Area Lock challenge(after inly finding a lechonk in Poco) and managed to finish south prov in 3 hours.  Area 1: Hoppip Area 2: Smoliv Area 3: Nacli(klawf didnt wanna spawn) Area 4: Toxel(took 1 minute and 30  seconds to find) Area 5: Bagon(took 6 minutes) Area 6: Misdreavus
12:29 bombastic side eye
Well if he didn't have the shiny charm it would be more of a challenge.
Literally how I have been shiny hunting
those first two remind me of the two hoppips i found. same exact spot two shinies. i was hunting for a mareep not a hoppip. but oh look i got 2 shiny hoppips (i did trade one away so i hope whomever got it is happy with their hoppip) i did also find a random shiny Sneasel and the worm that is one of the titans aswell while i was shiny hunting for a shiny rowlet
Having spent the last 3 days and all my money on sandwich supplies to find 0 shiny klawf, let me just say we'll done, thats incredible, we are now mortal enemies.
Is that an omori reference
love the intro and music was bopping my head to it XD
Was there a shiny at 5:31?
shiny nacli looks like cheese
I just went 4 hours to get that sweet, sweet green Bagon myself. It's my 3rd ever after getting one two in Alola.
I spent 14 sandiwches to get a whopping ZERO shinies in my Hawlucha hunt, but it's cool, I'm not jealous of consecutive shinies or anything.
I just found a shiny  klawf
" You will not get this lucky" yes i know. my shiny luck is kinda crap even with the shiny charm.
I have a full odds shiny gargancal and it has the lunch time mark like yours
I didn't expect World's End Valentine to be at the beggining of a Pokémon video (such a good song)
Imagine you get a shiny antique sinistea with the rarest mark and 100% evs and ivs
my shiny toxicitry has the gourmand mark, but i think that one is common to get. i also got it base odds with no sandwich
OH HO HO HO HO HO!!!!!!!
Give info on the shiny hunt in intro ❌ Spoil every shiny you catch in intro ✅
Omori!!!:D
Took Me 4 Weeks To Get Shiny Klawf
Do you  need a lv 100 mridon
Your editing is so fun
They should make a paradox frosslas
You missed a shiny Suncrn
This dude honestly motivated me to get a shiny dex of Pokemon X cause it's my favourite Pokemon game so yeah thanks for the motivation my dude
Home boy didnt even heal his Bagon's para before showing them all in the final picnic scene. Tragic.
It's okay, I also get enraged at failing fictional sandwiches in a children's game. Also, you're cool, this series is the first I've watched from you. Subbed! :D
Save yourself the sandwich headaches and just drop the top bread off the screen. It doesn't impact your sandwich and can only hurt you by knocking off ingredients.
My youngest son spotted a full odds Houndour in the Inlet Grotto cave right there off Poco Path, no boosts, absolute insanity.
Bro, forgot about his rayquaza shiny encounter
i just caught a shiny drakloak which i was happy about but i checked my profile and it said i've encountered 2 shinies.. i dont know what happened to the other shiny
this is making me think about the two times I got full odds shinies
The luxury ball looks so sick
THE OMORI MUSIC <333333
Me and my friend did this as a race and my longest hunt was only 3 hours
love the omori ost at the start great video!
and again, YOUR MUSIC NEVER BORES ME OUTT
I am, for some reason, viscerally terrified of Kwalf. It jumpscared me in my very first area. Its cry sounds like a demonic mix of a cow, grinding noises, and falling rubble. Those EYES. The shiny, at least, is really cool, but unfortunately due to the sheer terror they bring me I don't think i'll hunt for one ;w;
I hate the wetlands for goomy bc no matter what I did the shiny would not spawn, shiny goomy does not exist but at least I got a shiny sliggoo at the lake :’D
this series inspired me to do my own area locked challenge, and i almost finished all of the South Province during my dnd session coz i got most of them within the first 30 minutes of entering the area! Poco Path: got a Tarountula as i was contemplating the challenge Area 1: target was Drowzee, got a Hoppip Area 2: got my target, Mareep Area 3: got my target, Charcadet Area 4: target was Goomy, got a Magikarp Area 5: target was Axew, got a marked Pawmi i'm on Area 6 now, and my target is the Fidough line or Sylveon! :3
13:28 😂😂😂 sooo funny!!
I've been catching the paradox pokemon with only encounter power 1 or 2 with no shiny charm no boosts nothing but the encounter power and so far treads is the only one was I'm positive wasnt severely under odds and I just need hands and moth
Bro you went by a shiny kricketot
I started the game over to do a shiny nuzlocke. So I also am allowed only one pokemon per area. Full odds, I have found my Poco Path and Area 1 encounters, within the first 4 hours of the game. Tarountula by 1.5 hours, and Azurill buy 3.5 hours. I thing the odds are pretty good in this game. Also there is a battle boost. If you take out 61 pokemon, doesn't have to be specific, then it helps your odds. I haven't defeated 61 pokemon before getting my shinies because I didn't want to over level them for my challenge which is why I still say I have full odds. But yeah, this seems to be a great game to do this challenge in.
I found a shiny fletchling right after going to the first pokecenter for the first time in this game.
SWEETHEART WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY POKEMON VIDEO!?  U BELONG IN OMORI
Nokimon
Which deity do you pray to? They’re blessing your games left and right like it’s a charity
Speed Shiny lol
NOT THE WORLD’S END VALENTINE INTRO IT’S SO GOOD  What a wonderful series overall, I really love the concept as well as your commentary!
Wow amazing! Keep up! But why aren't you counting Dalizapa Passage, Socarrat Trail, Inlet Grotto and the Great Paldean Sea as areas (few examples)? Would definitely be more fun. :D
Shiny hunting is so much easier in this game. I literally found my first shiny bc i just ran over one with my miraidon
I love your videos! I haven't got the shiny charm yet and in 180 hours of just exploring and leveling up I have manage to catch 10 shiny Pokémon. Good luck!
I got the shiny charm a week ago and still no shiny.
I know I said I want to catch my own church love it I would everyday catch it like like normal but I was tired of it I'm just going to try and trade one because that's how bad I want
I was watching this viedo Sandwich for dragon looking for a axew,Hacthing pawniards for a kingsmbit and a swablu outbreak and I found a shiny. Which one? A RAMDOM PAWMI!!
Get a shiny pooper!
That shiny raid was rarer then a full odds frokie in x and y
You know I have a opinion that nokimon and a lot of you guys gonna hate I don’t like klawf shiny form
Been here since 20k keep up the great work
Bro i caught a shiny froslass and named it noki
The RuneScape music during Klawf was awesome
9:13 that’s pink
“Hi bagon~”
Yeahhhhhh leave it youtubers to always get super lucky when the video happens. Bro it has to be fake, so many youtubers come out with shinys super quick
So from what i have seen from a few diffrent people...shineys in scarlet and violet are the easiest to find then in any other game (hell some random overwatch tuber talked about how they found 12 shineys before finnishing the game [without shiney hunting] in thier vid on luck vs skill in video games [his friends though he was lieing about not shiney hunting btw])..i think game freak Made it easier since they made every other thing easier..they even got rid of set mode...its just my conspiracy thou
I am unexplainably happy that you used worlds end valentine in a videos music
I have shiny combee
Arceus the god of all pokemon
I hope you get a shiny gardevoir or gallade
Bro at 0:29 this music be hitting  H A R D
7:23 That was basically my story with my shiny Orthoworm.  Just made a steel encounter in the desert and barely 2 minutes later there it was.  Blue too
This is seriously the perfect stuff to shiny hunt to thanks for putting out this series actually let me to hunting down shiny Froslass
All I see is people getting so many shinies when I still have none
i got shiny shinx first try on a casual playthrough
My whole entire Pokemon team is marked
0:30 what’s that music
4:38 Same👴🏻
My man has some dedication  What did you think of the game btw?
Btw even if you didn’t have the shiny charm you could maybe have done it in two months
great shiny hunting video + classic runescape music = impeccable vibes **chefs kiss**
My first and only shiny was a (probably hacked but not sure if legit) level 100 celebi in Pokémon sun.
Also found a shiny Bagon, that I tried to catch with my friend ball. It is now in a Dusk ball because I forgot to save before encountering it :)
Great content love the way it is presented keep it up
What a coincidence. I happened to find a shiny tarountula just before entering mesogoza.
I was completing the sec and I needed to find a pawmi and once I did right next to it was a shiny tarantula
U are on the FBIs most wanted for having too much luck
I thought  that the bacon was a caspicid
U don’t need the top bun
you missed a shiny
Gotta shoutout the RuneScape music, its rare to hear in a non RuneScape video :P
This series makes me want to try it out. Got a way to share the map with the areas marked up or should I just take a screenshot of the vid?
I actually got 3 shinies in ten minutes lol
How the second like a millisecond he turned around he immediately saw the signee rock crab how that was a millisecond after he left the camp and turned around how
Anyone have a Charizard egg willing to trade or donate. I was only able to get the game a week ago and I missed out😭
Same thing happens to me except it was like right out the front gate of the academy when I got mine.
is mesuda method allowed?
I refuse to believe that this video is 14 minutes long instead of at least an hour
Excuse me Noki, how did you make the LP and Cash show up of your active meal power screen? I’d love to have that in my game but can’t seem to find how!
6:34 shiny klawf is so funny to me because it was the first shiny ive ever found in a pokemon game, i literally turn around and bro was just there 💀
i just realised the rock is gold... IVE WALKED PAST LIKE 5 OF THOSE BRUHHHHHH
At 2:49 I think that's a shiny yungoos
how much luck do you hace. i hunted 10 hours and stil no shiny
Anyone by chance know how to fix controller drift issues?
I’ve tried 3 different shiny hunting strategies (no shiny charm cause I’m not wasting my life on that) and probably spent at least 5 hours on each with no shiny
Nokimon
13:29 Bro got that light skin stare
Best music 😮
Scatterbug was my first shiny in this game lol
Makes me want to cry that people can just find shinys but I will use the shiny sandwich’s and still nothing
ALSO ur editing and narration r top tier!! they really add to the enjoyability of ur videos
i got into ur videos recently and i absolutely love them!! i tried looking for shinies for the first time yesterday and let me just say… i really admire ur patience 😩 still, watching this gives me the motivation to try again! looking forward to ur next videos ^__^
My first violet shiny was a bisharp that I wasn’t even shiny hunting lol
I havnt even found a shiny and I have over 40 hours on the game 😢
imma be honest this game anti aliasing is beyond bad lol but it being ran on a switch I completely understand lol   imagine the possibilities of Pokémon games came too pc and consoles
I am a sucker for The World's End Valentine in the start
I love nokimons  videos I watch them every time he posted
I can vouch that it’s hard to get shinys I randomly found a shiny goat and curently failing to get a pink crocodile.      Edit:I gave up
I'm happy to report that your insane luck is contagious. I put this on in the background whilst chaining Rufflet in a mass outbreak for my first shiny... and found a full odds Cacnea instead.
That Klawf was rare, but that BLT looking so good is even rarer
smoliv on a rock what they doin?
Took me like 12 hours of grinding for a shiny rock ruff and you just just finds a klawf in .1 seconds
I like how that rellor had a gold ball when it was shiny
Hate to be the guy pointing this out but: @ 0:55 you said you will not be using sandwich boost  @ 3:33 you were using a bug encounter sandwich boost  anyway great content hope u find what you are looking for in your shiny hunt
You said no sandwiches and used a grass one-?
Bro u missed shiny sunkern in area 2
I failed a shiny do dog thing:(
Pawmi was my FIRST every shiny Pokemon so good job with that shiny Pawmi you got I love the cute tiny pawmi
The fact you used worlds end valentine for the intro made me happy
Just so you know, that cave is Inlet Grotto and actually counts as a separate area. If you catch a Pokemon there, it'll say caught in Inlet Grotto instead of Poco Path. Still love the video but if you do another challenge like this in the future you should include that area if you want.
just watching that ghimmeghoul in the back while u catchin that Torontula, "....i-is he gunna go get that....."
your character *in game* looks like my character but colour swapped, glasses hair and outfit are the same as my *in game* character, but different colour! *which makes you look like a shiny me, or vice versa*
Hey, I have too much time on my hands Imma do this now
Dude you are a legend, i would never attempt to do this. Thank you for this awesome video man.
Unparalyze bagin you mon
6:46 That’s a based nacli right there.
love you 👍👍
Everywhere I go, I hear OMORI music lol
I really hope you bought the game second hand.
How do you open that little menu on the right showing meal powers etc? 4:02
4 shiny pokemon in an hour...  It took me all game to find ONE!
if becoming a poketuber gives me the insane amount of luck am seeing then i will gladly take this responsibility
My first shiny was a Combee, pretty dang lame!!
Klawf literally said “Journey? Oh hell no”
wow 2 shinys within the first 30 minutes of starting his shiny challenge thats amazing! what are the chances!?
props for omori music in the beginning
12:17   Oh. Sup
cool episode
I decided to do this challenge too. And i am on east province now after doing south and west
I'm watching your videos every day just so I don't go insane and I'm going insane just waiting for episode 2 because I'm so excited
3:19 caught me off guard as my friend was watching this
Bro it's been nearly two weeks, what is going on 😭
When is p2
the fact that u bought the physical copy makes u the best gamer
Since I've got nothing else to do in the game, I decided I want to do this challenge. Already got 2 new shinies 😁
Please make the next video
One time I got just as lucky as you and found a shiny tinkatink first sandwich no shiny boosting sandwich or shiny charm in about under a minute
When is the next episode 😢
RuneScape music lol
istg I got your luck yesterday. Got shiny skiddo, buizel, and sableye with only 2 gym badges and 4 for sableye. All in a few hours. Good god my EVER as well
12:15
I attempted something like this on my omega ruby profile. I got a shiny septile and a shiny dustox. I've been at this challenge for over 3 years now
3:33 where can you see that menu?
keen for number 2!
This is an update to my previous comment, where I said I would do this challenge with you! I just finished the south, and in the 4th area, I caught 3 shinies in 5 minutes! I was using a sandwich to boost poison encounters, but my only shiny boost was the shiny charm. My goal was Toxel, but I found a  shiny Wooper with 5 minutes left on the sandwich, so I kept walking around, which is when I found a shiny Starly! I ran out of time, and as I was finishing my loop, a shiny Skiddo showed up! You may have gotten a marked Klawf in 2 seconds, which is significantly better, but I got 3 in 5 minutes! Here are the others from the south: Poco Path: Hoppip Area 1: Fletchling Area 2: Smoliv Area 3: Klawf Area 4: Wooper, Starly, and Skiddo Area 5: Flamigo and Chewtle Area 6: Fidough
I haven't found a shiny
Omori music was used in the begging
I mean....soon as you throw on the shiny charm your chances to see them go up IMMENSELY, and I already see shinies very often in the game xD I am up to 6 personally and I haven't even beaten 5 gyms.
I just got Scarlet this week and within the hour I caught a shiny lechonk. Only reason I encountered it was because I was looking for a happiny.
When are you gonna do episode 2
Just got a shiny maschiff while watching your vid, only three resets on a mass outbreak!
Episode two ?? Is it taking you like ages to catch the next shiny’s
That bashful nature was oddly fitting for that Bagon.
I found smoliv shiny on accident when going to a tera pokemon
So we all know that foreign dittos increase the shiny odds when hatching eggs right? What would happen if you breed two foreign dittos?
this morning i finally found my first shiny pokemon in scarlet in over 5 years and it was a shiny noibat with a sleepy mark, i spent the first 10 minutes having a full on seizure when i saw it
This is super entertaining to watch
Please upload the next video soon I’m having withdrawals
I don’t mean to be that guy, but Poco Cabo can also have a shiny found it in
8:29  I AM BIRD!
Anyone else see that the comber “likes to run”
You don't need the top bread for the sandwich ;)
Shiny Klawf absolutely amazed me. And I really don't know why. I mean, it's blue, and I used to hate the Pokemon, but after seeing a shiny Klawf I was so happy that it was blue and then I added a Klawf to my team
Can you please post the next part i have gone insane i cant wait much longer.
what about the seas?
when's ep 2
Really enjoyed this. Can't wait for the next one👍
I got a blizzard marked shiny frolass while watching this video!  I love your content!!
Just wanna say I only started getting into your content a week ago but please never stop! I love your videos and would love to see more gen 9 content 🥰
why is the intro music always better than an actual video game?
Me who has 54+ hours and not even a SINGLE shiny 😭 Im currently hunting shiny sprigatito tho
Guys the new king… KLAWF THE SLEEPY!!!
I’ve found more shinys randomly walking around then with a sandwich or outbreaks lol
When is the next area locked shiny hunting in this game
You can toss the top bread to the side and still get the boost so it doesn’t mess up the stack.
Meanwhile I've only ever seen a shiny Bagon in that stupid glitch cave
Does Scatterbug evolve into fancy pattern vivillon?
When ep 2?
I swear your videos must be magical good luck charms. I randomly encountered a shiny pawmo five minutes into the video.
13:57 lokix jumpscare
I love the commentary😬
I need more of deez vidieos because they are so good
Persona 5 music has such a distinct sound, nice one. Edit; RuneScape music has such a distinct sound, nice one 😅
You should eventually do a shiny jirachi for IDBAMB
I know that this might be a bit controversial but a shiny combee is really good in terms of colour because its a really nice peachy orange.
I’m so happy about the shiny changes they dit to the paradoxes
4:55 when you thought they were going to be morbid with Lechonk, they decided to do the morbidity to Klawf
The MOMENT I heard world ends valentine in the intro I got hyped
My first ever shiny in ScarVi was Tarountula, thinking—or whatever reason—it was a Darumaka. 🤪
WHEN ARE YOU DOING THE 2ND PART NOKI
3:00 and that's why the shiny charm is just as bad as the sandwich boost for this challenge. Too easy 😭 still is enjoying to watch tho
After watching a couple of your videos i've been even more motivated to shiny hunt and I've almost got my full shiny team
Please do a second Part
Bro watching you’re videos really inspires me, while watching this I actually went along with it and ended up completing the challenge within like 4-5 hours I had some crazy luck. Thank you!
My first full odds shiny was iron bundle (paradox delibird) and two minutes later I get recommended this video
I'm gonna do this challenge with you, since I've run out of things to do in the game, which is when I usually start new saves to do challenge runs, but I'll start with this first! BTW, that 2 second hunt for shiny Klawf was amazing, congrats!
this is crazy i have like 20 hours and only found 1 shiny 😭
What do you use to edit noki? Your editing and music choices are so good
So let me get this straight. You're effectively doing a shinylocke, but you're giving yourself the shiny charm and skipping the actual point of a shinylocke and not doing anything related to the story?  I think you can do better than that, but ok.
I’m so excited for the next episodes
Day one I was randomly walking around and I found a shiny clodsire and it had the perfect mark. Cload watcher. I named my starter apples and guess what mark he had? Thats right apples the gourmet I was really lucky.
4:27 persona music.
I just caught a shiny froslass and for my respect of you I named it Noki
Love the unique videos, super entertaining!
Smolives on a rock..WUt DeY DOIN
shiny charm really does make this way way easier. its basically 3x the chance. so anyone looking at this thinking oh maybe i can do it, unless you have a full dex you cant.
I just wanted to say thanks Noki for making this channel, it's really gotten me to pursue  shiny hunting and it's been really fun so far, and I always look forward to the stories that come from your hunts
Very cool intro music.
The thumbnail makes no sense. This challenge is called area locked, but the thumbnail says shiny locked. Shiny Locked is kinda misleading, because it has a different meaning.
getting major swampletics vibes, excellent series bro can’t wait for more!
Hello bro, I want to make an animation for you, to order, how can I contact you?
Just do a challenge how many shines I can get in a minute like this is ridiculous
Common nokimon w
Ok that intro tho
people area lock themselves on runescape and honestly i love this idea on this game too! looking forward to more
9:38 yet my feet dont touch the ground
I just completed the game today and have eight random encounter shinies and two from mass outbreaks I visited on a whim. The shiny rates in this game are broken and I can’t wait to actually start hunting for them.
Love how you used Sweethearts Battle Theme from Omori ❤️❤️❤️
5:04 smolivs on a rock, what they doin’?😂
i was your exact 190 thousandth subscriber:)
Uh my shiny iron valiant apologizes he told all other shiny iron valiants to be super rare apologies  Btw how many 7 star raids do you have?????
when will the next vid come?
You’re my new fav poke tuber and your growth has been so insane to watch, I feel like I just subbed at 70k a week ago lol
Area locked + runescape music? Coincidence? I think not.
I lost all my progress on violet and a few minutes into a game I found a shiny klawf
Your commentary is amazing and the video was enjoyable but this doesn't seem like a challenge when you use a sandwich still and the pokecharm?
I did this but with only area zero I found a shiny dunsparce within the first few minutes I dont have the shiny charm
I really like this I'm new i recently became a viewer and just I just subscribed
I love how Nokimon always take shiny hunting to a whole new level in many ways. Taking shiny lock to a different level is amazing.
Thats why im Subscriber.
Yea I got a marked scream tail on the hunt I actually caught two shiny and because it was at the beginning of my sandwich so I kept hunting and got a marked on the last five minutes of the boost
Encounter sandwiches work just as good as sparkling power
yo you dont need the top bread for the sandwich so you could js drop it anywhere on the table and it works js fine
I'm planning on getting shiny paldean wooper or clodsire
1:51 I’m so jealous my friend not only got a shiny starter fuecoco he also got FIVE Shiny’s including a CHARIZARD and MEWTWO
The odds
You thought the Pokémon nostalgia was enough.. then the RuneScape music came on <3
Fun Fact: The very first Bagon I EVER encountered was a shiny, back on my SISTERS emerald cartridge. I had learned where to find them and wanted to show her where to get it. To confirm I had gotten the right area I wanted to encounter one too... and it was green. I didn't even know what a shiny WAS, but I caught it, because clearly this was different.  My sister ended up resetting her game a while after and gave the little bugger to me before that. I still have it to this day, all ported over. Kinda proud of it.
Everybody gangsta till the shinies don’t want him to get long content
this guy deserves more subs you got me!!!!
my favorite pokemon bagon and I love the shiny can you plz send it to me
pov your forcing yourself to shiny hunt
pro tip you dont need the top bun  also really like how this is just sv shiny charm is absolutely busted the video
Hinting shiny pokemon became too easy I think. Its not special getting one anymore
Amazing content Keep Up The Good Work!
You should make the word shiny out of shiny unknown
I’m a simple man, I hear The Unbread Twins, I subscribe.
You just missed a shiny
Oh no you're famous so theyre take this outta proportion, keemstar and idubbz didnt get attacked by media just because theyre smaller
I had some luck like this in area zero except it was when I had no experience making sandwiches and just there to grind I ended up finding a shiny gible which I caught and then not even 10 minutes afterward I found a shiny dreepy I was happy but it didn't stop there when I came back I found another shiny dreepy and left area zero to trade it to a friend and while exploring I found a shiny croagunk only a few minutes after the trade I was a happy man and the next day I went to grind again in area zero and found another shiny gible and my luck ran out afterwards I caught all of them I was really happy to got these five shinies even if two of them were duplicates
love the runescape music haha
This man playing persona 5 music… lol
This just proves how easy shiny hunting is in this game
Bagon didnt want to be your friend🤣
Im jealous. I used at least 10 herba sandwiches to boost isolated encounter shinies... Didn't find a single one.
Reminds me of settled he make videos like this love it dude good job!
klawf even with adamant nature teach me
First 5 mins of playing I got my shiny
clickbait thumbnail 👎👎👎
Man, your ability to story tell and breathe new life into Pokemon is insane. Love your work.
I wonder how many shinies I've walked by ,
Hey noki I love your videos thanks for making them
Before even making it to the academy I’d already run into not 1 but 2 shiny scatterbugs within a minute of each other, only to hit a dry spell until I was basically in the endgame, this game is really something else, but in a good kind of way😂
My prize possession is a toedscruel with zero speed and a Rare mark
two of my craziest moments with shinys area shiny tyrunt i got from four eggs and shiny ratatatta in letsgo eevee it was my first encounter of the game
next episode when give now
Me with 78 hrs and not having a single shiny:
Keep up the content I love watching them
I mean 1 in 1365 with the shiny charm makes this a lot easier. I thought it was going to be a new playthrough with being locked to each area. Limited cash to start with, limited pokeballs. A challenge of sort.
My first shiny was a full odds goomy, found her while running around after giving up on a tadbulb outbreak. I named her caprisun :)
WHAT WAS THE SONG AT THE START PLEASE TELL ME
Shiny Bagon refusing to get into the ball twice, forcing Noki to soft reset is god tier humour
I got a shiny illumise yesterday in Pokémon go
Heck I found 5 so far my favorite is deerling
Didn't expect to hear World's End Valentine as an opening song
I failed a shiny Toedcool because I thought it was normal ;(
Did you ever play Runescape or why the font? Just curious
Y'know, the Pokemons shown in the thing of the video before u click it, it said that Froslass was shiny locked, yet i found Shiny Froslass yesterday-
The fact that I just LOOKED at the thumbnail and already have half of them says a lot. Especialy since one is iron valiant
i didin't know that marked ones are rare so i just have a marked shiny full odds sneasel from area zero
Luck 99999999%
As someone who has sunk HOURS into Klawf and still haven't seen one my bones hurt
Part 2 plz
I’m sorry but I love omori and the music goes hard in the beginning
Me and noki had similar 2nd shiny locke, mine was better thoni got igglybuff😎
I finally found my first shiny and it was a magnemite. I was a bit disappointed that it wasn’t a gen 9 but whatever.better than that shiny Forretress that I found that exploded😢
Keep up the great work man! Love your vids!
I have a shiny goodra in arceus. Man I love that pokemon goodra has always been one of my favorites
I hear omori music
Hey I can’t wait for the next episode and I have a suggestion after u finsh this quest you should go back and catch every single sniny
My first ever nintendo game shiny was 2 days after getting a switch i bought a switch and pokemon violet then i was walking into mareep hoard then one was pink
Shiny rates are higher than they uesed to be for sure, but I can't deny it's fun getting shinies often lol
All are perfects captures lol
Pokeletics, the area locked ultimate Ironman
Maybe you dont know but the 3 klawf you saw theyre fixed spawn so it means 1/4096 (they dont get the charm boost) you were so so sooo lucky even with the mark
4:57 Fair Also I found that funny
Play more!
The Runescape concept brought to Pokemon
what song was around the 10 minute mark :o
the runescape music was a nice touch
You want to know something funny as he found bagon I had one too but there was two of them
I got a shiny mareep an hour or 2 after starting the game... Never left my team since
I have a small rule you could add in if you want more suffering... No duplicates... Meaning that if you found a shiny pokemon that you've already caught over the whole series... You can catch it... But you can't leave the area until you find a non-duplicate shiny... Not overall shinies by the way... Just shinies in the area lock challenge... Good luck either way and godspeed...
Kinda ruined it by showing over half of them in the intros
You could've at least healed your Bagon for the outro.
I have more than 200 hours in this game. Played through the game almost going in every corner. Doing sandwiches. Either this is fake (Shiny boosted mod) or my luck is insanely bad. Even with shiny charm I have encountered only couple of wild shiny....
Great job in the video! It was quite entertaining and I loved how you went above and beyond for us. Just a quick note, you should probably consider you have a shiny charm so the shiny odds were lowered by quite a lot
I always watch shiny hunters thinking “I can do that, it’s easy,” but when I actually try I give up to fast.:(
Can you catch a spidops
I actually found a shiny be gone in a cave and now it’s on my team I beat the elite four with it I beat the endgame ivy all of it with it and I’m happy to have it on my team so you might have all that lock but me I got luck
My first run I caught a shiny Shuppet with a mark, I’m still so confused on how I managed to get it-
Bro this challenge looks fun I might try it I prob won’t be as lucky but jsut for fun :)
that gallade was a ditto
Usually shiny videos come off as a little braggy but yours never do you have genuine excitement and I appreciate that
I found a shiny Tourantula as my second encounter after catching the first Lechonk too lol.
Me playing for 12 hours and than doing a 3 hour outbreak to get my first shiny
this is one of the best shiny pokemon hunting videos i have ever watched
PSA: you can drop some ingredients while making a sandwich and still get the whole boost. I don’t know the max amount of ingredients you can drop before the boost gets degraded, but it seems like you can drop at least 1 of each item before the boost gets worse.  If anyone knows the ingredient drop limit I’d love to know
Can I have a shiny plz
Not to make you uneasy bud, but i think your shinies are a little bugged..
It took me 4 days at full odds to get charcadet and I caught 7 shinys in between. I wanna do this challenge
Man, I'm Brazilian and you need to know how much I really love your content. Maybe The best pokemon's content today! Congrats Man, you deserve The best
Unsure if you're aware, but you can complete your sandwiches without the top. Just put the top off the plate and you don't risk messing up your tower of ingredients (unless of course its for the satisfaction of a perfect sandwich)
Quality content bud I'll be subscribing and await the 2nd video of this series
Ummm theres timers on sandwiches?! And you can check it? How an where lmao i thought it was a buff that stayed with you until you ate another sandwich lol
Hey Noki. Quick tip for your future videos if you ever decide to do a challenge like this again. When you make your sandwiches always throw away the top bun as it doesn't remove any of the effects you were looking for and you have less chance of things falling off your sandwich.
Definitely subscribing love ur sense of humor❤️
I love the runescape concept and music in this video!
I had to triple take when i heard the Newbie Melody from RuneScape in here, lmao
That beautiful green Bagon was completely worth the 20+ hours of roaming! Lolol.  Awesome series.  👌
everytime i see tinkaton infront of a shiny i wish he would just hit it with that MASIVE hammer
love your content bro always love watchin it while trying to shiny hunt. your luck is unrivaled tho 💀.
Shiny Pokémon are kind of a joke now , they aren't as uncommon anymore
“Will not use sandwiches” proceeds to use sandwiches lol
nice little reference to Omori with Sweetheart's theme song, World's End Valentine.
I was almost wondering how osrs game sounds came on at 3:56
awesome video, cant wait for p2!
Who else heard the old school runescape music?
For the mountain get shiny spirtom
the legend that uses osrs ost in his vid 100% xD
“Smolive on a rock *what day’ doin* “
1:34  this is my fav lechonk animation
worlds end valentine is a fire song to start the video off with
Impossible! He still has a master ball!!
Congrats on Trending!
The worst ever shiny in Pokémon scarlet and violet is easily ghouldengo. It is literally the exact same thing. It should have been a diamond or platinum or something, but of course they didn’t do that
Let’s respect parrot for almost ending his run on the lifesteal smp just to try to get back at someone
As soon as you said “Area locked” and heard the RuneScape music, I immediately got the Framed inspiration reference, and was sold. Lol. Bravo. 👏🏼
Ya nah the shiny charm makes this game crazy I got 3 random shinies within 30 minutes literally just riding around the map
Shiny charm?
That whole moment with the friend ball and the bagon was me trying to catch a shiny glimmet I accidentally ran into with a beast ball.
This man gave us a anime intro
shiny charm is OP
Is it possible u got this excellent idea from another game like runescape?? Don't get me wrong I love it I do it as well.
I love how you didn't bother to cure Bagon of his paralysis in the outro montage. My boy's got one of his spinal chords shifted sideways, but you're too busy picnicking and making sandwiches to drive him to a pokécenter
Wait... You can... You can reset the game without despawning wild Pokemon?
Wait.why are you only catching the white bugs not the black bugs? Joking love your videos really hope you make it big .btw what is that luck 2 marched shinys
I remember hunting klawf I used a shiny boost sandwich and I found 3 nacil (already haveing the full living shiny family ) I reset over them to save herba mystica
8:29 this made me die of laughter 😂
Pokémon and RuneScape music/text?! Ok, that’s cool. Subbed.
Great idea, going to do this myself
Shiny shinx harasses me almost every time i hit area 3 in the south
Dawg found you like 2 months ago and I’ve been loving them sense.
My first shiny in this game was in a coop world with my friend. We were looking for a good nature maushold, but then my friend gave up and left. I stayed just a little longer and saw klawfs beautiful blue coloring. My friend still hasn’t let it down haha
"I won't be using sandwiches" 2 minutes in....I'm using a sandwich
You sir are playing the wrong game!  I hear the music and the letters you use it screams osrs nice vid!
I feel this shiny charm is bugged to be better in this game
I havent found any shinys in my 3 years of playing pokemon not fair☹️
This is such a fun idea for shiny hunting I'm doing it now too.
shiny charm is easy mode, i find 10 shiny mon per day with that god dawn charm.
is this a osrs snowflake inspired playthrough?
While hunting for shiny Tinkatuff, I got a full odds shiny Branblin with a mark! Brambleghast happens to be my favorite pokemon from gen 9 too!
I'm so jealous of the shiny Pawmi! Pawmi is my fave of the new Pokemon, and I keep trying to find one. You have some insane luck with shinies, and it makes for such a fun video!
I need for the rest aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
3:30 was that a little snipit of rs background music? 😯😯
ok
i swear, i have been shiny hunting the pawmi for so long. please come home bro </3
This seems really fun- I'm trying to get into shiny hunting and I think I might try this once I complete the dex
i found a full odds shiny midday lycanroc watching this! he’s called good boi!!
If I were you I would have “accidentally” released that combee.
This series is going to be epic, dude!! Love it so far!!! (Also, I love that World's End Valentine intro.)
Hello
Holy shit you used worlds end valentine at the beggining of the video..!!?
My shiny skuntank has the sleepy title too!
You are insane
Someone’s played Omori! Love that Sweetheart boss battle music
13:35 that’s because he IS slick!
12:46 why is this making me laugh?
Why would you spoil the shinys in the intro? That's kinda defeats the point
took me about 1.5 seconds to hear sweetheart's theme playing. good to see another omori fan in the wild
:DD yes!!! another video from Noki! I always get excited when I see you uploaded a video! I love them!
Lucky I played for 65 hours and haven’t got 1 single shiny
I got a shiny marked iron valiant which is also sleepy there is so many good shinys I want in this gen like Cetitan Nacli Klawf and so many more
It’s the sandwich the sandwich
RuneScape music goes so well with Pokémon
I normally don't watch shiney hunt videos but here I am, and the video was aktually good 😁
Yesterday,i randomly got a shiny in Pokemon platinum
The RuneScape music fits perfect.
didnt have a single shiny battle in 50 hours of gameplay 😵
200
106
As someone who has yet to have even found his *_FIRST_* Shiny in this game... ಠಗಠ
This guy is the definition of a W. I've binged every video since I discovered him.
I found a shiny hopip 30 seconds in aswell
The video is great but I’m subbing strictly because of the OSRS music.
While i have spent 2,5h farming for shiney foretress without any luck. Should have gotten a chansey aswell with all the farming but no. I dont have the charm.
This is entertaining, nice narration. Do you also edit your own stuff?
I SWEAR TO GOD I HAVE HEARD THAT BG MUSIC BEFORE BUT IDK WHERE  Edit: I remembered it was World’s End Valentine from omori
this entertaining but i have my doubts
honestly when I get my shiny charm I am trying this
The editing in this has me WEAK 😮‍💨 congrats on the shinies!!
Thank you for posting this video. Just finished the pokedex and got my charm today. I've started this challenge myself. I got a Shiny Magikarp in South Province Area 1, and a Shiny Mankey in South Province Area 5. Good luck on your run, and God bless.
#19 on trending. Absolutely insane. You deserve it more than anyone. Found your channel a couple months ago, and I’ve been loving your content ever since. Keep up the great work noki
what is the name of the song at the begining ?
I'm so inspired to go shiny hunting!
Arceus was watching over you in this one! Holy good finds.
The "Hiiiiii Bagon" tho.....
The Florges was so random but cool!
that dragon area was SUUUUPER lucky for me. I found three shiny bagon and two shiny Axew in 30 minutes. Even with a shiny charm and level 3 shiny power sandwich, that's an absurd number lol.
Noki been watching osrs videos for challenge inspirations i see. Mad respect, we need more osrs in this world
It's an interesting and fun way to learn English. Thank you for this useful video, I really enjoyed it!
Looking forward to the next areas! Crazy luck is always countered by one long excruciating hunt it seems…
Seeing the Iron Valiant on the thumbnail gave me flashbacks… When I shiny hunted it(ended up getting it and it had the Zero Energy mark!) I found a shiny Iron Jugulis like 5 minutes in, and then the instant after I caught it and the battle ended I got jumped by a shiny Sableye!   It promptly got KO’d by a random crit 😔  I did make up for it at least… 3 shiny Larvestas in 30 minutes with one fire shiny sandwich, then a pair of shiny Sandygast the day after! And during my second day of playing the game I found a full odds shiny Swablu, whom I named Scrample Egg and promptly added to my team. She has since been retired because, unfortunately, Altaria doesn’t have a great movepool and it gets outclassed by many other Pokémon that don’t have a 4x weakness to ice. I do still use her rarely for 4 star raids against dragon tera Pokémon because I like to think at least someone out there will appreciate seeing a shiny Altaria named Scrample Egg battling alongside them.  My team kinda rotates nowadays, including other(intentionally hunted) shinies. Most notably, Cornbread(Revavroom), Pyracantha(Armarouge)(I have Violet and spent almost an hour using a trade code trying to get the auspicious armor because unfortunately I don’t like Ceruledge’s shiny…), Fatalii(Volcarona), Poppy Seeds(Palossand), and Iron Valiant. I haven’t decided what I’ll hunt next, but I’m thinking either Ralts or Zorua.
Bless. Also, Tinkaton is amazing.
I have a friend who's currently doing a similar challenge, except without the shiny charm, so far he only needs north providence and area 0, but he did find 6 SIX shinies in one day
shiny hunting was easy i thought in this game i got my whole team shiny in 2 days ev trained and everything
ur intro is so dramatic just to be walking around looking for something off colored for hours.  like spyxfmaily have crazy good animated scenes for something like throwing a dodgeball
The intro is so cinamatic
Not sure if there was some mixed up footage, but the pond visible around 11:00 are actually in Area One, and the footage shows more travel around Area One as well, which means Noki did in fact leave the area they were locked in. I think that means a full reset. I don't make the rules 🤷‍♀
One more amazing thing about blawf (blue klawf as i have dubbed it) is that it had an adamant nature, which is VERY lucky
What a sad, empty, pathetic life you must lead.
Did anyone see a shiny houndour in the cave at the beginning of the video?
My man’s the luckiest man alive or they got and 1/200000 Nacil I still can’t I find a shiny in this game :(
I have a snow Young goose
My boy finding a 1/68,250 odds shiny Klawf the sleepy with his eyes closed, and here I am at 3000 eggs still masuda method for a shiny Feucoco after 50 hours 😭
Dang that opening went hard
you dont have to add the top part of the sandwich btw
I’m pretty sure he put the shiny odds up ( at the start)
fucking insane that this is #21 on trending, big congrats
We must be playing a different game lmfao
This is a really funny and hilarious video, your videos make my day
Glad to see you also are part of Shiny adamant klawf gang
if you get shinies this fast why does it take you 2 weeks to upload xd PISSED
can we just talk about all the hype intros in every vid? XD
Damnnn that shiny bagon kinda worth the wait ngl 😂 god I love that shiny line
nice mod; fake chances
My first shiny was a cetitan and the black and orange is sick as hell
Your Klawf is Adamant too btw c;
5:04 bro we need this as a full song
OK, why the runescape music? 😅
Klawf go nappy time 💤 😴 💤
hey noki, so you are not counting the four seas around paldea, dalipaza passage, alfornada cavern, and socarrat trail as separate areas too?
Bro i opened the video an got immediate ptsd from that music
I was wondering how you might do this one. 👀 The World End Valentine is a nice touch too, but daaaang. So excited to watch this and see what shinies you get!!  Also, any chance of you doing the "World Has No Color" for Scarvio?
The kwalf is also adamant too
Wow so cool
"Smoliv on a rock" is the best thing I've ever heard
The world end valentine at the start of the video made me sub
My First shiny in the Game was klawf, i didnt See it before, cuz i avoided spoilers. Didnt know it was shiny and It was the First one ive ever Seen🤷🏼‍♂️
the intro was so hyped up for no reason
Does mimik have a channel
I got the last evolution of the dragon Pokémon that has the two spikes sticking out of his mouth as my first shiny in Pokémon sword and shield but also my first ever actual shiny ever
I hunted shiny axew and bagon for multiple hours with shiny boosted sandwhich and got 2 shiny bagon before i got a shiny axew :(
Whats that luck, i boost my shiny chance the best i can and still fail to get a shiny most of the time, lol. But anyhow a fun video to watch👍
So, I got my very first ever shiny today. And it was a full odds, no shiny charm, female Bagon. Verdragón you are now my baby.
I habe 150 hours in dis game and dindt even habe ONE SHYNI ]:(
Honestly it seems like the game really likes you
Mudbray was the first shiny Pokémon I caught in this game.
Name your Bagon "Salad Mints."  Do it.  You won't.
I love how you use osrs music on here.
This man is a menace to the shiny community. Bro needs to save some for the rest of us! At first, he was average, but after the sinistea, it made me realize he was a shiny god.
does saving and resetting an overworld encounter work if the shiny flees?
You're a god.
Your videos are top tier. I just wish you uploaded more frequently.
Before i started watching this channel i thought shiny hunting was boring af but now i am almost sad for seeing this video is only 14 minutes long
Fun fact: today I got my first shiny and it was a golduck Btw 2 other things were they I wasn’t using shiny charm or massive outbreaks and I was even shiny hunting
I like the fact that the first 40 seconds was Sweetheart’s OST from OMORI
Buy a lottery ticket man
I cant wait for the rest of this series!
I also found a shiny scatterbug in poco path when doing this challenge only 2 minutes into my sandwich
I'm not gonna lie, it's always nice to see fun shiny hunting stories like this, especially seeing that I've already found a good number of shinies this first month of the game's release myself! Can't wait to see what the next episodes have to offer!
Ha, I found a Hattrem immediately after exiting out of the picnic in which I made my sandwich. It was a sparkling power 3 sandwich and it had no mark, but I still was dumbfounded. I also found a full odds shiny weavile with the Dawn mark as my second shiny though, so ya.
As usual, this video is entertaining. Continue doing this videos. Currently, I’m planning to complete the shiny dex for Gen 9. Hope I will complete it 😅
Man, it might have bad perforance, but as a shiny hunter i gotta get this game
the first time I went to In poco path I found a shiny lechonk in 5 seconds
This has gotta be one of the most satisfying shiny area locks.
I loved the intro btw, u really are a videomaker
PART 2. NOW!!!
Wow amazing video but you definitely missed the opportunity to call the series "shiny locked"
For the area 5 one u should of did the picnic reset
You missed inlet grotto
this man is so lucky but is willing to put in hours I am the opposite
The poor Bagon, go heal him so hes not para’d D:
after defeating the titan i found a random shiny klawf wandering. he cool
Bro I was playing then in 5 mins of cutscenes I got a shiny lechonk with the uncommon mark
I don't get whats so great about Marks, guess titles don't matter much to me Pawmi might be considered the Pikachu clone, thing is he's the only clone that evolves compared to all the other ones so it's already better than plusle and minun, pachirisu, emolga, dedene, togedemaru, and Morpeko. Plus Electric/Fighting type we've ever had  I also hunted for Glimmet for two hours and could find one even with a shiny sandwich
Love your content keep up the good work
nah. shiny chances are super boosted in this game. even without shiny charm i garuntee people are finding just as many back to back shinies with the same methods u use :)
In Area 6 I Saw a Shiny mudbray 😡.
omori soundtrack anyways good video
The first shiny Pokémon I got in this game was mudbrey did u know that
Bro is it me or at 10:26 far right there is a shiny lux
my first shiny in this game was also a scatterbug, so same hat i suppose!
The fact that Nokimon had that “bone apple teeth” reference included makes me wanna cry
15 minutes ago in Pokémon scarlet I got a shiny snorunt
Nokimon I got 4 shinies in Pokémon legends Arceus and beat giritina and in 5 days
Should be called:” When making a sandwich takes longer than finding the shiny.”
145091st
Here in the first 15 hours.
Saturday morning cartoons but Sunday morning w Noki a fresh pour over. This was wonderful.
after 30 minutes he has 2 shinys without boosts, i smell bullshit
Theme for the opening/introduction to the episode?
I barely had the patience to get 10 Sinistea to evolve my Charcadet and I see this guy doing this
I love your content lol it’s so funny 😂
Bagon has thich thys
Bro i’ve played for 50 hours and no shiny
I'm so jealous. It took me 17 sparkling rock sandwiches to get a shiny klawf. It was worth it. But man it hurt.
I'm doing it with the shiny charm because it would take the rest of my life.  Okay lesser Smallant
My guy trending hell yeah I love to see it ❤️🔥🫡
Lol! Love that Green Chicken is still Paralyzed in the final shots😂 14:27 Use Thunder!
found klawf in 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 seconds
People need to stat understanding that shinies are not as difficult or rare as they used to be. They literally just show up
I killed a shiny shroodle since I hadn’t seen one before
What is that song at the beginning?
:’)
omori music, good choice.
your shiny luck is crazy 😂
"And The Rock, is brown."-Nokimon, 2022. That sounds wrong to me idk why
I got my first shiny in the first 20 min of scarlet and I immediately thought to myself I beat the game
nokinom
I also have a friend ball shiny Salamence! It matches so well
Fakeeeee af. Noone in the life has that "luck." Im playing for over 20 hours and didnt seen 1.
35 on trending- It's a good day when both Catherine and Noki upload
Mudbrey was my first full odds shiney of violet  was my main ever since
Nokimon I must say I'm dissappointed. You had so much potential in this video. All you had to do was one thing. But you  messed it up. Sandwich's are incredibly important but you messed them up. Yeah you made some ok samwichs but most of them were trash. This video should be deleted because of how bad samwichs were. I love samwichs. but you messed it up I love samwich mess it up thats all you had to do was make good samwich. bloody hell man. Just make good samwich. youtube should delete this video or you should until you have 6 PHD's in how to make perfect Sandwich. very dissappointed.
13:30 gallade thinks he lightskin fr
cant wait for part 2
Will you show the evolved shinies of the ones you caught as well? :D
This would take me 1 year+
how do u have so much patience? IT TAKES FOREVER
Loved this !
Finally uploaded
Getting serious OSRS content vibes from a shiny hunting series. Combining my two biggest time wast... I mean hobbies into one and I'm all here for it.
You won’t believe this I just finished area zero and tried getting a iron valiant and the first one I see was a shiny how lucky is that?
I don't know how but I got Arven to use a Shiny in a battle and appearently one of his pokemon is Shiny locked and can only be accessed from modding but some how I still got him to use the shiny Pokemon without Mods.
I can confirm, when he said “you will not be this lucky” he was telling the truth
v \\
What are the odds of finding a shiny Pawmi with a charm and the rare mark? Because I have one and I'm not math literate enough to figure that out myself. After watching the Klawf part (which is my favorite shiny from gen 9 as well) I'm very curious
It's crazy that anyone cares about this.
THE MAD MAN. The training arc of forgetting a master ball; this is where it all pays off
my sister is stupid
I have a shiny mudbray
Dope!!!🙌🏼
Hyped for the rest of this series, awesome video as always
Your wrong what goes up stays up I saw a shiny venomouth and it flew to high then despawned that was the first shiny I seen :( still no new shiny
If only you posted more
Your my second fav youtuber
I got a shiny when i startet a game(not a starter but scater bug i think
You actually can somewhat expect this kinda luck because in S/V the sheer amount of spawns you get combined with charm can easily get you to odds very quickly, I have a friend who got 7 shinies the day they got charm
I loved the PLA version so super awesome to see the scarlet/violet version 😁
(me who found a shiny klawf without a sandwich)
This is such a cool idea for a challenge!
Say sorry to pawmi
6:21 - hearing that OSRS music came as a pleasant surprise
woo hoo i love these pokemon challenges
@Nokimon I have found two marked shiny pokemon the first one was when I first started scarlet and it was skiddo and the next one was after I got the shiny charm and it was rockruff I have also found other shiny pokemon like two shiny male salandits
I'm 7/8 gyms, all titans and 1 more star base to go, with over 30+ shinies. I literally just see an outbreak and farm it. It's so addictive
i got my first ever shiny charm last night and like ten minutes later i got a shiny lechonk. it was so rewarding
I always enjoy your videos mate keep up the great work and I hope you find more shinies :D
I was so scared at the first part of the video because worlds end valentine was playing.
What was that intro music? It was awesome
excited for the next episode!!
This is amazing but man I wish these pokemon weren't shiny locked it would have been really cool if they weren't
I GOT JUMPSCARED BY THE SWEETHEART THEME
The encounter sandwitches are busted. It's not even worth it using the erba mystica.
The 4 seas also count as different areas
Area 3 is cracked. I was riding around with my gf one day and I decided to just run around area three for like half an hour. No sandwich, just a shiny charm, and I came out with shiny shinx, skiddo, and right out side of town I found a pawmi
Cool video! I didn't know klawf had such a cool looking shiny, I think I will try to catch one for myself. This gen has brought everyone a true increase of luck for shiny hunts I see!  I can't stop it's so fun to shiny hunt in this game. Can't wait for the next video! <3
Okay that intro alone gives you my sub. God tier editing, with everything surrounding the music. Love the omori music too
what they doin??? 🧐🧐🧐🧐
Lets gooooooooo another video of Nokimon!😆
This is a great format! I'm excited to see more!
I will sub if you find shiny mimikyu
Need pt. 2!
I got a shiny rockruff out of a mass outbreak and wonder how I can evolve it into the twighlight forme? A ability patch or capsule dont give it Own Tempo... hope anyone could help me out :)
Congrats on the shinies! Also, you dont need the top of the bread. Just drop it off the plate so nothing falls off
Ngl klawf might be my new favourite shiny Pokémon
Me who finds a shiny grumpig 5 mins after getting charm lol
I dont how can this man doesnt has 1.000.000 subs or more !?
My first ever shiny Was a pink murkrow without shiny charm and had also the sleepy mark Thanks for showing me the mark thing I had forgotten about it :P
BLUE LOBSTER!!
The intro and everything, its very well done to keep attention and area lock is a cool new idea!!
It’s like Nokimon christmas lately
Some how I was hunting those tea cup Pokémon to get the amour and some how I found a shiny rollycolly
“Skill issue “ Aight ima head out
And I thought my sandwiches were bad 😂 5:25
Clickbait. Spend two minutes talking about not boosting your odds, then make a sandwich to boost your odds. Additionally using the shiny charm in S/V literally cuts your odds in half  Sandwich ENCOUNTER is the NUMBER ONE method to shiny hunt.  Just because you don't use a level three sandwich, doesn't mean your not artificially inflating your odds.
Best YouTuber
You have the best intros
Coooooooool
Nice! Can't wait to see the rest of the series!
Tbh. Without shiny charm. It's impossible. 2 to 3 hours. Even with encounter also quite hard. I try with mystica. The whole entire 30 an hour also cant find one. Until I got my shiny charm and 60 observe kill. Make my life better. So I felt all this montage abit fake. How are u so lucky... I spent hours man...
hEY bro
I realy like shinys .
Great video! I’ll subscribe because this is really good
I want shiny klawf so ba di love his blue color
Your videos always inspire me to shiny hunt 'harder' than usual. I am also trying to improve my contents to make it more entertaining especially related to shiny hunting. I am also following your colored ball to shiny color approach. Looking forward for more!
Knowing this guy , he will Hunt for a sleepy marked authentic sinistea
clicking on a video and hearing omori ost is amazing ! the video was amazing too
Shiny toadscool would be cool
this looks like so much fun to do! and I love your commentary, so it's that much better!
as someone who is doing a shiny only playthrough, this luck angered me
Omori moment frfr
Nokimon is the only pokemon youtuber I can tolerate
I dragon hunted in the exact same area for area 4 I hunted for cyclizar with a dragon sandwich and got him with 10 minutes to spare So i beelined to the plateau and not 3 minutes later i found a shiny axew And with 2 minutes of my sandwich to spare i found shiny bagon as well Easily my most fruitful sandwich to date
I always look forward to your content.  You put yourself through pain just to make the best pokemon content ever. Keep up the good work man, your great.
"I am not using any shiny boosts" - proceeds to use shiny charm on a region lock challenge xD
even with dragon sparkling power, axew took me by far the longest to get
I was just about to play Pavlov shack till I saw this
Shiny hunting is so fun when it succeeds in this game :) I'm starting the second box of shinies!
Addicting Gotta continue this
You get a very good nature on the marked shiny Klawf
This vid gives massive scarlet and violet vibes
You always make me try to make me hunting better then u from bdsp legendary to now😂
Recently subscribed because the videos are awesome, keep it up dude! Looking forward to the next part!
When you look at your profile a couple hours into your first play through , and find out you’ve battled 4 shinies…. One was a psyduck 10 minutes in, and the other was a shinx not even an hour into the game, but the other 2 are a mystery🥲
"Area Locked" is a good TV show name
When we needed a hero... NOKI RETURNS!
Wow, what a coincedence. I'm trying to breed shiny Scatterbug in Pokemon X! Wish you good luck in next journey.
Bro share your luck man it's not fair to horde it all LOL
I love your videos and your channel but sadly, I can’t watch any of the scarlet/violet yet because I’m waiting to get it but gonna drop a like because I appreciate the uploads.
Hi, just found your channel today and subscribed because I love your content. keep it up !
7:50 Funny enough I got the same thing, but it was an Oinkologne. It was also my first shiny too.
These videos are so entertaining it’s like watching a movie
Congrats insane luck!I wish I had that kind of luck
Instantly hyped because of World End Valentine
I'm gonna love this series! I cannot tell you how JEALOUS I am about that Klawf, great video dude :)
I will love every other episode of this series💙💙
I think you missed a shiny crikatot at 5:32 top left corner
While watching this video i got a shiny mareep and I can only be thanking you.
Great job mate! That was one entertaining hunt. Your luck with shiny pokemon is insanely good, especially with that blue Klawf! =D
Dude needs to do the lottery
Man I love your videos :) thanks to this video and the other one about spending 100 hours in SV gave me the motivation to start shiny hunting :)) I started 3 days ago and i’m currently at 8 shinys. Your content is great keep it up! ❤️❤️sorry for the bad english :’)
Really cool video! Waiting for the next one !!!
Question: Does the Pokémon League count as an Area? Just curious is all as there are some Pokémon that spawn there.
Yeah shiny charm is pretty good huh. Try the next one without it :D
First day playing I found 2 full odds shinies, 1 in the second route/area of the game. But the 2nd was a shiny pawmi and it happens to have a mark, mad luck, been with me the whole game
I thought I was lucky finding a shiny deedenne within 5 seconds of coming back after being afk but noki just shows us that people can still get more lucky (also the shiny is on my channel maxyj you should probably go watch it (: )
I was looking for a cracked teapot around the bug gym, when I found a shiny hoppip out of nowhere! I thought that was cool but was a little bumbed because I had just gotten one the day before. Then when I turned the corner I found another shiny hoppip! And it also had the sleepy mark! (I had NO SHINY BOOSTS! No sandwich, no shiny charm, they where both 1/4096 and within a minute of each other!)
CAnt wait for part 2 b
I'm jealous of the Mark luck. My two marked shinies were marked after catching them, as they both received the partner mark
i love  the persona back ground music
Love the content and especially the intro
Nice job, I also keep finding shinies and I don't know why, also when I traded for a shiny then I found one a minute later.I DONT HAVE THE SHINY CHARM.
I saw this video and thought I should try this challenge less then 2 minutes in shiny lechonk   Also this is good video as expected
The funny thing is how klawf has colors of sans (if you know who that is) and he has a title called klawf the sleepy
Love these vids. Great job!
did anyone else notice how he just threw out a shiny tinkaton lmao
Wow lots of shinies!! In legends arceus today I got a shiny gligar today!! I'ma post a vid about it later.
I love this concept
He missed another chance to get a shiny goomy province south area five in the swamps but agon is good too.
My luckiest shiny was breeding a goomy and got it on THE 5TH EGG
The only pokemon I've actually shiny hunted is iron valiant
It's videos like this that I love, but get me really upset because I still haven't found a single shiny Pokemon and I'm about to complete the final team star boss. I've been looking, doing outbreaks, killing every single one I can find to increase the odds, but Noki just goes and finds two shinies in 30 minutes
As much as I hate that they removed the shiny noise and sparkles, I did manage to find a shiny magicarp in Area 1 of the southern province about 10 minutes into the game
My first shiny in a gen 9 game was pallosand, "is that the shading gone wrong, HOLY SHIT A SHINY"
Cool shinies
youre such a good story writter !
Bro that shiny klawf was adamant too wtf great video ^^
I found a shiny bagon in a wall 🤣
I cant wait for another episode, love our videos
Noki really does make Shinyhunting look so entertaining
Iron valiant has such a clean shiny
Toxel in the game has a pretty nice shiny in this game- the pink really pops and I’m so greatful to have gotten one after a 2 hour hunt (using 3 tier sandwiches in my case)it ended up being a big one too, plus evolving into my preferred toxtricity if I were to evolve it- felt good- def worth the hunt
i tried so long for a shiny pawmi after i reset my game to play the game through with it D:
Man I wish I could shiny hunt in this game but I don't have a nintendo switch ;-;
This game literally rains shinys. They are everywhere
Me: seeing Noki get an insane amount of shinies, spending his daily hours searching for different coloures pixels, just to spend hours of editing for us toe enjoy.  "Haha like."
i mean even without the charm this is pretty easy shiny hunting in the new games is not hard at all !
Great challenge very entertaining
you can tell you play osrs and watch osrs content just based on your story telling and editing style, swampletics but for pokemon.
Oh wow, you were extremely lucky!!! Can't wait for the rest of the series, I know it's gonna be a blast :]
I got full odds shiny vigoroth🦍🐵! Your my favorite shiny hunter youtuber and im watching your video in the firs moment i can
The song choice is top tier. Especially the beginning, perfection 👌
When nokimon uploads you know its a good day
Ah great, i was watching old videos yesterday and was thinking "i need a new one". Thanks for hearing my call.
This guy grew from 5k subs to 150k since I last checked in. Mad respect
I love watch shiny hunting
the intro music like banging
The bagon at the end still being paralysed from catching it
If we don't get the other parts soon im starting a riot and committing genocide. Overreaction yes, great pokemon content yes. I need more
SWEETHEART THEME!!!
Finally a new Noki Video!
Aw Noki, I had that Klawf situation with a Toedscool too
Ah yes his 1 and only friend ball
iv been searching the same shiny for 5 HOURS
MALE COMBEE SUPREMACY
I got a shiny Garchom in area zero and today I found out it has the Furious title... it was caught before I had shiny charm, just roaming
Love the Old School Runescape music when talking about Klawf. lol.
Imagine catching every shiny Pokémon 💀
Impressive
Pokemon brilliant diamond
i love your vids (ive been subbed since 2k)
Epic intro
Can't wait for part 2!
YOUMISSED A SHINY AT 10:08 AND THERE IS A GROUP OF POKEMON THERE
Yesterday I hunted for a shiny Flittle... Again.... And it took me HOURS! Staring at those tiny mons was soo hard xD but I finally found one. But I also wanted it's evolution. Buuut my eyes hur sooo much xD so I gave it a try and got to area 6 to hunt directly for a shiny Espathra... And what should I say... The hunt was over in 17 minutes 😂😂👍
you're a genius man  i have much to learn from you
Love the RuneScape music LOL
That soundtrack
love this content! <3
Why change shiny odds what’s the point?
u said no sandwich boosts yet u used one for the bug
And also that Klawf was Adamant, which is definitely the nature you wanna see on it. Yeah, it's way easier to change natures on Pokemon now, but still what an amazing find!
U missed a shiny
Dude you have great taste in video game music (I mean come on I can't just open a video and hear world's end valentine) and you're very entertaining, truly a perfect creator. Keep it up man <3
You deserve a sub and a like
I was so sad at the beginning, thinking that this would be the only video and 'barely' 15 minutes. Then I got so happy that its only episode one?! I am so excited for the next parts!
Could someone kindly help me evolve my pokemon? It's literally the finale thing I need to complete the dex :/
I entered zone 0 in my playthrough and found 2 shinies within 10 minutes. Was the luckiest moment ever, one became my main mascot in my team: Hydreigon. The other sits in my box... its just a Venomoth
13:57 Lokix jumpscare
Just say that I love your videos and you’re one of the only reason that I play Pokémon Violet thank you!!
Pls Part 2 ppplls
the sweetheart battle theme at the beginning tho
Great video Noki! :)
This dudse Luck Is INSANE
I spent so long getting a shiny Rellor (Shiny Rabsca is the GOAT shiny) and I got it with a Sleepy Mark as well
Theres a few custom recepies for the types that dont have encounter power 2 in the normal sandwhich list, like electric and such
Seriously man at 8:29 u got me dude... Hahahaha done subs + notification 🤣
The runescape background music made me think I had runescape open in the background. Nostalgic
Love the concept! Can't wait to see what you find in the other areas🙌🏼😍 some very nice shinies for this one
This is where all of Mandjtv's luck went
What an amazing video! Looks super fun tbh
Love the RuneScape music
Soon as noki saw green bagon he said HI BAGON
:,)
Can someone plz explain to me how marked pokemon works? (Marking)
My shiny full ods  greavard has teary mark
This Is my favorite Pokémon YouTuber and He’s the best and hes back at the catching Shinys and Noki do you want to play Pokémon violet a bit
I have the same in game hair color and style as you lol. Amazing video!
Noki always provides but it sucks that he shows some in the start of the vid spoiling the surprise of the shiny he gets.
My first shiny Pokémon in violet was a shiny scatterbug in area one, then 5 minutes later I found a shiny hopip!
9:41 ironically got a Facebook ad... Huh
I dare you to find a shiny Tauros
Cool concept feel like shinycharm will make it boring tho after getting it i found 8 shinys in a couple of hours without even hunting
Dry you have discount
Bro your vids are straight fire
Hello dry you have all the past form?
I remember you doing something like this in legends Arceus. Lets see if this Video can catch up with the old one
not only shiny marked klawf but adamant nature too 😩
I am getting Pokémon violet today just to shiny hunt 😂
Your Videos are always the best
*notification* =NOKIMON posted ❤️
With klawf the sleepy, I got the exact same thing on my shiny Cetoddle :)
You took shinylocked pokemon to a whole new level
ive played like 50 hours and only got 2 shinies
It’s a good day for a shiny hunt
Ive waited 2 weeks for another scarlet violet vid from u
You have just made my day! Watching Nokimon videos and then seeing that there will be more in a series is the best!
You are by far my most favorite pokemon youtube. Your videos have such good quality and your presenting and story telling is also amazing  Keep up the good work <3
I started watching you some days ago and have watched all the video , you uploaded and ngl , I love them <3
Sir. That rock is orange
Nice hope u complete ur goal
youre friends lucky it took me 20 minutes for me to get my first shiny pokemon and it was a houndour
Me when I hear OMORI in the beginning of the video: 💃 Also every SV video you post, istg I want the game even more for myself 😭
I recently discovered your content and I really enjoy it! I’m excited for more Scarlet/Violet challenges
I’ve been trying too get a shiny roaring moon I’ve been using sandwiches as well any tips
Sacrificing two herba mystica yesterday, I searched for Iron Valiant. Not only did I get it, it was marked.
this is such a fun challenge I'm definitely subbing for the next parts
i think the shiny rates are fucked in this game ive caught more shiny's in this game then any other pokemon game meaning ive never gotten a shiny in any game (well once i had one in tall grass but that go one shot from black) and ive already full odds caught 3 shinys in this game and i havent even beating the star morons and have beat like 3 gyms
My usual runescape video suggestions got me confused, but this is good!
hope every area in area zero gits its own shiny basically just separate them by level like the bases are
Love your vids noki I started watching you for shiny hunting tips in legends arceus
Soooo, my favourite Pokemon is mimikyu, and  my mimikyu was too high level for me, it ignored me, I lost, and what was outside the Pokemon Center? only a shiny sableye. Thanks mimikyu!
👍
This is an awesome idea!
RNJessus looked at you and said "you my son, you shall be the one, with all the figgy pudding"
keep up the amazing work!
My best shiny record was 4-5 shinies in 30 min
"Oh it must not have been too bad the video is only 14 minu- *PART 1* ohhhhh"
If I had a nickel for every time I found shiny that can only be female as the last (or first after) pokemon of a mass outbreak right after my sandwich ended. I'd have two nickels, which isn't a lot, but it's weird it happened twice.    Ps: it was Froslass and Tinkatink.
Noki finding a bunch of shinies but i just found my first one 😂
When I get my shiny charm I will might give this challenge a try
Not only was the Klawf shiny, not only did it have a mark, not only did it have Anger Shell, but this Klawf had the audacity to be the coolest rare Pokemon, by having all of these factors AND be Adamant
I got a shiny rockruff (without shiny charm, also my first shiny in Violet) that had a ribbon
I caught a shiny male combee for my first shiny after playing Pokémon games for over 7 years 🙃
I like it keep it up! Your content is getting better! Very enjoyable and I look forward to your next episodes in the series made me shiny hunt a ton ... oh shoot the videos playing gotta go !
thats a epic intro
The same thing that happened with your klawf happened with me with a fracture and then 6 MINUTES later I found a shiny Axew and proceeded to cry for a few minutes before catching it with that kind of luck🎉
Let's goo Omori music. I'm so happy
Welp. I'm doing this. Thanks for this amazing idea.
'you will not get this lucky' correct. I got luckier. I encountered a shiny hoppip, jumpluff, and hawlucha AT THE SAME TIME, _without the shiny charm._
Arceus isn’t watching you Bidoof is watching over you
I did the same hunt but in scarlet where only axews spawn and it spawned in the shade where the skin change didn’t matter so I had to look at the neck of each one for the purple instead of green. Too like 5 hours with lvl3 encounter/shiny power. Area 5
I have only found 4 shines in this game so far. The forst being a full odds Toxel, a full odds Sneazel, a full odds Bronzor yesterday and finally a Veluza while hunting for a shiny Gyrados using a flying encounter lvl 2 sandwich
I found a shiny hophip during watching this video
can't wait for the next episode
Bro got so lucky
Klawf the Sleepy hive rise up
Crazy luck!     You caught that Bagon in  your friend ball first try at full health!
this was the luckiest unluckiest video i've ever watched
Legend has it, if you subscribe to him you might just have some of his luck
i dont like using the sandwich boosts ...i literally only use them for paradox pokemon
Kinda reminds me of Gridlocked on OSRS
2 shinies in 30 minutes is indeed not in the normal. I think it removed all my luck because I ended up failing a shiny great tusk
I have a marked shiny iron thorns caught in a beast ball (I caught it)
… “hi bagon” Cracked me up XD
Can’t wait for the next ep for this series:00
This fella is soaking up all the good luck, lol.
This video is sweet! love the Runescape vibes. Keep up the good work.
Okay that artcore track in the begining was so epic
i like pokemon violet
I had 3 shiny hunts in a row where I caught two shinies and for the first one the shiny popped up with 30 seconds I love this game
OMG such a good idea this is gonna be a banger 🔥
7:16 I think the Klawf was eating one of the rocks .....
Noki keeps getting blessed by the shiny gods, they favor him too much lol
Hiiiiiiiiiii nokimon
i dont even like pokémon that much but nokimon is easily my favorite youtuber and that says something
I hatched a Shiny Fuecoco today in only seven eggs! I named it Sugar Skull. Hope everyone who sees this has good luck!
I might've gotten 3 shinies on launch day, but you've outlucked me by a lot.
I’m gonna be honest. I planned on shiny hunting afterwards but out of nowhere. OUT OF NOWHERE! A SHINY ARCININE JUST POPS UP ON MY SCREEN! AND GOES IN A GREAT BALL EASILY! NO CHALLENGE! LEVEL 30! I was losing my Mind. And this was VERY EARLY IN MY GAME. So that to me. Was very lucky. And you! Are just as lucky
I love your vids nokimon
I made sure that klawf was my first shiny hunt as soon as I saw its shiny, and I decided to get an outbreak of it and hunt it that way. Ended up finding the shiny with about 2 minutes left on my sandwich, and then I cleared out the outbreak and found another. which was marked. I think shiny klawf might just have a better chance of being marked. Great video, excited for the rest of the series!
You should do the shiny black and white thing again for scarlet and violet it's going to be annoying but I really want to see it
I got a shiny torountula randomly and then like a minute later a shiny lechonk
Dude you’re videos are always so entertaining! Keep it up!!!
Right when I watched you get the shiny bagon I got a shiny bagon after 295 eggs with the Masada method
W nokimon as ALWAYS
I started playing this video and immediately found a shiny corviknight, thanks for your help
OMG! worlds end valentine!! an incredible song to begin the episode with hehehe
Bro I found 3 shiny iron bundles and 2 were at the same time!
Let's go, a series. Keep up the videos man Lucky as hell too for that tarountula and others like klawf. Seeesh
Hey Noki if your having trouble making sandwiches you never ever need the top bun
Just wanted to say I've recently binged a lot of your content the last few months and have been absolutely loving it! Such great videos and they keep me invested always, keep up the great work!
omg i havent watched yet but just seeing that noki uploaded made my day :)))))
Sheesh you got more shinies than I have in 3 days and ive had charm for awhile now
World's End Valentine at the start 😍😍
Last night, I think it was a bug, but I ended up getting 4 shinies in 3 hours. All of them were spawns in groups.
YOU WENT PAST A SHINY SMOLIV
moded
Why arent the oceans areas?
How did you find that shiny so quick
3:02 shiny pokemon racism
How do you find that Chinese scatterbug How do you find that shiny scatterbug
How do you find a Chinese scatterbug
Waiting for the Runescape video
2 minutes in and I'm dying over "bone apple teeth!" this is going to be an amazing series
Love your content, been following you since PLA and I absolutely LOVE your use of Runescape music.   Who knew Runescape and Pokemon would work so well together :P Keep up the good work! Cheering for you ;)
Me: Clocks 50 hours in game, completed game and 80% pokedex 0 shiny Nokimon: O shit I see sth white, oh shit I just entered an area and is see a sharingan, oh shit I was hungry so I ate a bread and holy fk I see a blue crab time to eat again.  gg
i also got a sleepy shiny!! a little flamigo boy (except mine was with a sandwich so not as cool </3)
“that was easy”  -that one red button
I’m so mad😅 I am like 5-6 hours in on my shiny klawf hunt
Was interested but then you started using the shiny charm instead of starting a new game. Oh well.
I don’t know where you spawned in from randomly but your content has always been a blast. Found you from a PLA video though I don’t recall which one (may have been the shinies only with the Alpha Mime Jr.)  Keep up the good stuff.
OMFG I LOVE YOU, YOU USED SWEETHEARTS THEME FROM OMORI! ONE OF THE BEST BOSS BATTLE THEMES EVER!!!!
babe wake up
my first shiny in the game was the very first pawmi i had seen, (<like 15 minutes playtime)  i was exploring that area before the lighthouse (doing dex collecting) and i saw a pink thing, ran into it, and saw the sparkles.  i normally dont lose my shit over shinies but i popped off on that one  around 2 hours later i found a shiny fletchling in the little hordes that spawn.   the next day i found a green hoppip.  the day after i booted up legends arceus and found my first/only shiny magikarp in that game 😂
8:30 water literally came out of my nose cause I laughed so hard 🤣
I hope that you know that I have randomly found a wild shiny gogoat, AND just today a shiny vigoroth which I didn't even notice until it ran into me, I was about to run away but it ran to me faster so I actualy managed to catch the shiny.
ooo this series is going to be extremely fun to watch
How do you get so much luck my only shiny was an oddish in let’s go pikachu that I ran from can u make a vid explaining your luck
I can't begin to tell you how many shinies I've been looking for during mass outbreaks, but found full odds shiny Pokemon instead.  Like earlier today, I was searching for a shiny Magneton, and I got a blue Psyduck instead.  And when I was on my way to a Floatzel outbreak, I get a pink Lechonk.  And the funny part about that Lechonk, is literally 2 days earlier, I caught a full odds shiny Oinkolonge.  My luck is usually insane, but it never pops off like yours does.  I mean, 2 shinies in the span of 5 minutes?  That's crazy!
lol lunch time salt
VIOLETS THE MFING BEST.. also congrats on the shinies!
1:00 "What am I doing with my life" Good things Noki. Good things
YES, the Scarlet and Violet remake of this video is here.
YESSSSS I loved the Arceus version of this and i’m so happy to see you making another one!!
Noki is both the luckiest, and unluckiest shiny hunter out there 😂
well now i wanna do this.Cya in 2 years
so after the two shinys in two minute should cue a 7 hour grind right
It’s at times like these where I’m questioning whether to applaud your dedication and commitment, ponder your sanity and mental wellbeing, or wonder if I have the patience to follow through with a similar challenge (absolutely not in the latter case). what I’m not wondering is if I hit the like button, because regardless you deserve my attention!
Is it just me, or does it seem like, even without the sparkling power, the sandwiches still boost odds? I got a full odds shiny Murkrow randomly... right after eating a sandwich that boosted dark encounters. Shiny Swablu after a flying sandwich. The Swablu was also in an outbreak, but still... I'd done two Swablu outbreaks before and nada. The sandwich netted me one. I know it's also just the odds of doing multiple Swablu outbreaks, but yeah, the sandwiches seem to help.
the runescape music slapping
My first shiny was a maril, it was a full odds, bout 1 hour 30 minutes into the game I found it
That area 5 plateau has gotta be cursed- i was hunting up there last month and it took me almost a week to find anything
W Noki
I was doing a toedscool outbreak and set up a picnic right in front of a shiny scatterbug. Terrible timing :/
I'm just now getting into hunting shinys is there any tips anyone can give me? pls.
Finally he posted why doesn’t he post every week
I NEED MORE NOKIMON CONTENT.... you should stream.
shinylocke
duuuude the shiny rock is like my fav pokemon, when i get pokemon scarlet for christmas im gonna shiny hunt for him and tinkaton
The second scarlet and violet came out I couldn’t wait for you to post about it and now having this series makes it even better
I just got my own shiny axew :D
Nice video appreciate your hard work 😘 just remember to forget your master ball 😂 really want roaring moon shiny hunt
PAWMI IS NOT RED
Your one of my favorite youtubers and you got me into shiny hunting when i got legends arceus and im getting this game on christmas so i can shiny hunt then and im gonna try and complete the shiny dex
I’ll be honest the fact that the shiny charm is in play kinda takes away from the WOW factor of the video. Especially since it’s been so apparent that in this game if you know how to, you’ll find a shiny. The charm literally halves the odds. Not surprising any of this happens.
I selfishly want more and more videos but I’m glad your videos are spaced out like they are. Always amazing content!
Your content keeos on improving and its great keep up the work!
Luv this bro
If you Dee this I want you to know that your the best YouTuber and never stop shiny hunting
I wish tinkatons hammer would turn grey in its shiny to make it seem like it defeated a shiny corviknight
Pls continue
This is very interesting, earned a sub right now
What if you see 2 shinys at the same time do u catch them both or sadly only catch 1
Love this video! 🖤✨️
i actually got jumpscared by a shiny bagon RIGHT as you found it in the video, thanks man.
crazy how OMORI music is everywhere
I’ve found 3 shiny rock ruffs frying to get one with own tempo, so that I could get dusk form! Can you just give it own temp somehow???
I think the shiny klawf wants the sandwich that you use to get it in area 3
nokimon videos are the best
Hi
Reminds me of a certain runescape series about a swampy boy
4 shines in like 3 hours
This is an interesting video concept imma sub to see how this goes. Also I want a shiny klawf now lol
12:16 Can we get much higher?
Give me more videos.
His luck
i got like 5 full odds shinies before the elite four and this was from 50 hours of playing the game. i thought they had lowered the base chances! lol
Inspired me to shiny hunt Froslass. Took like 30 minutes lol
Gotta love the nokimon content
i love ur shiny videos!
I hate tinkaton with a passion because of what they did to corviknight and her hammer creeps me out
Based video as always 👑
Absolutely insane luck!!!  So ready for episode 2!!
Great video dude! I am so jealous of your Shiny Klawf!
My absolute luckiest moment is. Full odds (without charm) iron hands the furious largest size possible
What song is from the opening?
LET’S GO!!! FIRST HOUR AND I MADE IT!!!
Legends say that shiny bagon is still paralyzed to this day.
cute shinies, runescape nostalgia, mostly passable sandwich making.. love the vid as always
I’m actually gonna try this challenge
You don’t have to put the top of the sandwich so you don’t have to mess up your sandwiches
Here's a tip for shiny hunting overworld pokemon: You dont have to move arounf in order to get new spawns. Just set up a pick-nick and leave it immediately, and new pokemon will spawn every time.
I am 100% convinced that you are Settled's younger brother
Male Combee gang
I’m looking forward to part 2
I feel that pain of the 20 hour hunt. I did a sandwich boost, shiny charm hunt for roaring moon that went on for nearly 12 hours or so. I did get a lot of cool shiny pokemon, some even full odds because it was before I even had shiny charm. But God the hunt for that roaring moon hurt me. All my other targets have come within a few hours thankfully
This is going to be one of the best nokimon episodes series ever!
YOOO im early!! love this series! also just wanted to say your my inspiration to start shiny hunting :)
yo
This is probably the easiest shiny challenge I've ever seen.
so hyped for the rest of this series :) rly great idea and love seeing your luck lmfao
Shiny charm kinda busted tho
Rad
Here I was thinking he was gonna do one shiny per province but you sir have a much better plan and I am in for the ride
NOKIMON UPLOADDDD LETS GOOOOOO
I'm the unluckiest luckiest shiny hunter ever xdd  Find shinies when I'm not looking for them, but never find them when I am looking for them. I just happen to do random breaks in my pattern from egg hatching/shiny hunting and then just find a random shiny that I never would've encountered otherwise. But still never get the shiny I hunt for
Noki should make a discord server
Wait, so you have the shiny charm?
One of the best pokemon YouTubers, gotta be honest here
every pokemon gangster until Nokimon enter thier zone
Gallade hit u with the Rock face 😭💀
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
Noice
This is gonna be SOOOO cool!
OMORI OST BASED
3:46 I Thought my audio cut of
#1 best Pokémon series on YouTube hands down
I have a shiny with a mark it was a iron moth
worlds end valentine in the intro absurd amounts of BASED radiating from this video
Maybe I should become a youtuber because apparently that increases your shiny luck
Meet Noki, my area locked pokemon trainer. After recently unlocking the shiny charm in Pokemon Violet I decided to up the ante, no sandwiches, no outbreaks, but this time I can only use one area at a time. All leading up to Violet's final area, Area Zero
Challenges like these just make you wanna play the game even more. I would but my switch has no storage :,)
I have an idea for the quiz where instead of looking for which one is a shiny you should do which one isnt, using shinies like garchomp, hopip and the new charcadet evos, you could also use Fake shinies to bamboozle them even harder.
My first shiny in Scarlet was a male Combee, there was a swarm of them in one of the first towns, and in the back there he was! His name is Honey and I love him very much  I wasn’t even an hour into the game, I was on a call with my best friend and I just said “That is a very shiny bee… that won’t evolve but we love him still!”
I named my shiny noibat Nokia because I liked the name
535! Im early!
I didn't know shiny tarantula was red... i walked past one
Early - ish
The fact that you added the Screaming Scatterbug in the Group of Fletchling still makes me laugh XD
Wow
U know its a banger when nokimon drops a video
I gotta say even without the shiny charm getting shinies full odds are pretty fast.
I loved this. Although for the next episode, i dont wanna know what you find in that opening montage
Insane luck
More epic content like this plzzzz
8:18 what song is this
this was pretty damn fun to watch with your insane luck and everything
Glad to catch this early! Yet another awesome video from Noki <3
0:00 I KNOW THAT THEME!!! OMORI!!!! YESSSSSSS
Hey nokimon I love ur vids but I with you could upload more vids
Wow 20 minutes ago nice
Omg 00:01 world’s end valentine is one of my favorite songs ever so happy to see it used
This man is definitely the favourite by the shinny gods
Let’s go finally Nokia made another shiny hunt video on paldea
5:03 that was my favorite nokimon moment ever
Im here
L shinys
I started watching when it was released lol
Hey Noki, I just wanna say, Finding your channel and binging your videos has super inspired me to begin shiny hunting myself and now I have over a box full of shinies. I won't go into detail but it's become a new coping mechanism for me and helps me deal with a lot plus it's just relaxing in general. Thank you.
This will be a fun series, can’t wait for more!
Nice
This series is going to be a blockbuster series
That klawf encounter was crazy lol autocorrect constantly forced klawf to be loaf
The Klawf shiny was insane and maybe the next shiny area will have this happen too
I really hope you can start streaming. It would be really fun watching you walk past shinies
Early :D
“My one and only friend ba-“
I can leave (but I won't)
Noki you inspired me to shiny hunt
Finally, the PLA challenge in Scarlet And Violet! I am gonna be so excited for this!
what's that first song that plays, it sounds so familiar
I love these videos but the intro shows the shiny Pokémon which is kind of a bummer! I also love your cinematic shots and take a lot of inspiration from them!
Noki has become one of my favourite youtubers recently, keep up the great vids and you'll go far.
I love your videos
Finaly sarlet and violet shiny series so exited
First thing I hear when I start the video is the best OMORI song ever  This is gonna be good.
wake up babe new nokimon video
I decent upload schedule from noki? God has blessed us today.
Epic content my guy love ur vids will be looking forward to the next episode
keep up the good work, noki! love the content.
Worlds End Valentine never fails to get me hyped
Hi
I'm always excited for a new nokimon vid! Pretty new to the channel and have been addicted since
Can't wait to see how this video plays out. I love the way you do stuff with editing and commentary.
This dude could've just done 5 shinnies, but he went above and beyond for us.
i love these videos so much
I have pokémon la and im planning to start shiny hunting, any tips?
As always some very admirable patience and phenomenal editing!
i love looking forward to your vids man, GL on shiny hunting and congrats on being so close to 200k!!
YESS NOKIMON UPLOADED YESSS
My favorite PLA challenge continued! This is gonna be such a fun series to watch!
LETS GOO
noki + sweetheart theme from Omori = guaranteed good video
This is good quality
Lets goo we early and hyped
1 minute gang  Also Love you Noki Great vids i like how u just struggled on bagon and just said Thanks :) after u caught it  |  | V
Kepp up the good work, Nokimon! We love you and your vids, best youtuber ever
Im happy this appeared when i needed it most
This is probably going to be one of the most entertaining videos you've every produced
ah new upload peace is back in the world
I have this weird addiction to click on any video that has a channel that starts with N, and it’s definitely because of this one
YOO this reminds me of legends :O
Oh my
Wouldn't be a Nokimon video without seeing Froslass in the thumbnail lol
yooo noki 😄 keep up the good work man :)
You don’t understand how much I am always looking forward to your videos!!’
IM SO EARLY LETS GOOO
Hi comment number 1
Can I play with u some time pls
2 videos in less than 2 weeks?? what!? Sweet!
Whattup noki
When nokimon uploads it should be counted as a national holiday.
Noki is Goated at dis game
top ten
It's always a good day when noki uploads
Love your vids
LETS GO NEW NOKIMON VIDEO AND ON MY BIRTHDAY 💪💪
I see the video I. First
2nd
Your the best Pokémon YouTuber
Nokimon
First
w new nokimon vid
First
First
Yessss nokimon :)
hm.
First
Based Noki
first w
Don't mind me, just catching a shiny Pokemon in every single area of the game  I post the cool shinies on twitter first 👉😎👉 https://twitter.com/Nokimons
