What project would you like to see finished?
am interested
you can do Thor hamer with  rockets or  engens
You can try to fly with engines and at the same time and some rockets
10:10 I really want to see the winter soldier arm tested if you haven’t already
8:05 Maybe you need an enhanced exoskeleton system to carry it!
0:50 I love how they’re on the cutting edge of technology so one finish their own jet propulsion system might as well move on! Although perhaps they could make it better?
In order to make venom you would actually have to create your own genetically Modified organism
I have a really good idea ocean Masters Trident from Aquaman you should make this the sharp version
0:15 Botox?
Trey saltwater that work for the  venom project
inspector gadget
Don't die your hair😂
Please bring back the winter solder arm
ARC reactor
Do Bucky's arm
So Basically yall build cheap copies of stuff that don't really work.
this chanel is sick :D
Doc Octopus Arms and Gadget's Helicopter are probably the most useful of them all.
9
8:43 Saltwater
Por favor los brazos de doctor octopus PORFAVOR
The only problem with Venom is that for some reason he agreed NOT to eat cops.
You guys should really drop AG1 as a sponsor.
Oh boy, you have no idea how important tritium actually is.
The gadget mobile is the cybertruck with late 80s early 90s louvers.
11
Damn, is Bogdan OK
the flight suit
This is freaking me out why is his hair black and eyes blue😂
He should put the winter soldier sleeve on the bionic arm
Hacksmith🤝JLaser❤
AG1 is a scam
I am a cat. I am a spider cat. A cat dog. With a pineapple for a but. It's fun and liquid strawberry like color in the end it doesn't even matter, 5 million. Xoxo
Hey hey , Tonyyy Stark is aliveeeeeeeee !  😭😭💀
arc reactor
Weaponized slinky.
You guys are so cool!
Iron Man       😊
You're trying too hard to be iron man, just be yourself.
2:15 Tesla Truck in Inspector Gadget ?
I want to see the arc reactor/ #7
clone
Video idea: a backpack that can make you double jump irl. Idk how but if anyone can do it, it’s yall
Ame la parte donde dice estoy tan horgulloso de jlaservideo
Why my man look like an Aldi brand wolverine?
Winter soldier
Lmao, I remember being 6 years old jumping off the roof of my house thinking it actually did help slow me down. But, not much.
Oh, uh JLaserVideo made doc ock arms.
im so happy that my comment was hearted i whant to be kind of just like you but better if i can
JLazer also made the doctor octopus arms that can lift 100 pounds
It would be cool if they came up with a DIY projects at home for adults....  Anywhooo if yall know of any comment below
Please make a real life venom
Bro looks like Tony stark X John wick
wath happened to riley?
Ironmen first
Why does he keep changing his appearance so drastically?😂
Dr. octopus arms
Pls make the mini lightsaber cheaper.🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
i like the winter soldier arm idea
you look like tony stark
Is it me or does he look like Chris Evans half brother?
Dude don't even look like the same guy
Eres increible, si sigues así pronto Marvel dejará de ser solo películas🤯😁
why is his hair balck 1:18
Either I haven't watched/ seen him recently, or he's ai generated.
You must use a lot of hair dye
Ow. 9:28
With divide that throws the ball, try billing an air huge gun to throw the ball with an air thank
Is a stone which has the ability to change from a rock to lighten
Why don't you use a lighting stone
If you had worn the winter soldier arm while playing baseball, you would not have broken your arm to begin with...
Jlazer also made a real doc ock backpack
You guys should collab with JLaserVideo.
bro i think ur on the fbi wach list
You look like Wolverine
Did you dye all yr hair/ face  black.? 😂
1
Number 1: a Death Star
An Idea for the venom thing, imaging a lava lamp but with little jets to create a water current to make the wax stuff move around
PLEASE FINISH THE ARC REACTOR  I AM BEGGING YOU IF YOU FINISH I WILL KEEP ON BEING A YOUTUBE MEMBER
PLEASE FINISH THE ARC REACTOR  I AM BEGGING YOU IF YOU FINISH I WILL KEEP ON BEING A YOUTUBE MEMBER
PLEASE FINISH THE ARC REACTOR  I AM BEGGING YOU IF YOU FINISH I WILL KEEP ON BEING A YOUTUBE MEMBER
BUILD KILLUAS GODSPEED (or at least his SHARP NAILS) pls
Is that AG1 guy an ELF ? 😮
he looks like Jhon wick and iron man
change your hair back
I swear I saw the video about the bionic arm so how can it not be released
Did I miss something cuz when did hujackmens cousin start becoming the host?
Is this the real james or walmart james?
I dare you guys to make Roxanne Wolf
work from home robot or dodgeball robot or ark reactor
5:12 sounds dumb... what were they thinking?
why does James look so uncanny here
Jlaser made doc oc arms that are controlled by your mind
If you want to rethink the Iron Man project, why not make an exo skeleton that embraces the upper body and arms?  It would help the engines keep their thrust, plus it would be easier to place them on the upper body, thus taking the load off your waist, plus it would be easier to carry the battery pack if the accumulators were hidden in the stiffening rods of the exoskeleton.  You shouldn't have to keep your body weight constantly, it would be easier to distribute the drive of the gears and the weight.
please do the fly like iron man one
REPENT FOR JESUS CHRIST IS COMING BACK SOON, TURN TO HIM AND BE SAVED,PLEASE, TIME IS RUNNING OUT
Build a real life power ranger morphing machine
Return to venom
he is starting to look more like john wick every month i come back lol
The guy looks like Tony stark itself
James you got the Hans Gruber look down brother lol
Hey if you need radioactive sources head down to Russia and find an orphan source, approximately over 2000 of them are out there(this is all a joke, one of these sources killed three guys)
Anyone else feel like Jlazer and Hacksmith are Peter Parker and Tony Stark in that order?
Bros trying so hard to look like Tony stark
Gogo gaget
number 10
I absolutely love how positive influential engineers are towards others achievements! They could easily be consumed by jealousy but instead admire and explore their achievements!❤
Yall better test that winter soldier arm
Sponsor: we want it to look like it was made from stuff from a scrap yard Also sponsor: why does it look like its made from junk!
the Winter Soldier arm seems the most fun and safe project to me the rest just seems unnecessairy expensive or dangerous
I think you should recreate the iron man arc reactor or try to make a less big iron man flight suit, like something that you couldn’t notice right away till you were airborn or something. If you found powerful enough yet small enough fans or something not too dangerous I think that could maybe happen?
Did you also make spy’s (team fortress 2) disguise kit? You look a bit different
Dodgeball robot pin against LeBron James of dodgeball
Yeah, Riley is crazy 🤣
😊why o look like dat
how much for a batman suit from the 2008 Dark Knight movie. with gadgets?
Bro is preparing for a zombie apocalypse Hope he survives or who would put heeat videos dor us. To enjoy
7  and 11
Make a proton pack from ghostbusters.
Ya
Real nuclear reactor that like Tony Stark arch reactor
Either winter soldiers arm or doc octopus
This is the point where death by ingenuity becomes possible.
imagine they need to regulate the flying pesants like car traffic XD
I like the 8
brb you guys are like the rl versions of aperture science
FLY LIKE IRON MAN
Number 8 might be more possible now as I saw an article that may or may not be true about scientists creating an Ironman compound that is a mixture of glass and DNA that supposedly has four times the strength (tensile I'm assuming) and 1/5 the weight. Maybe something like thst could work?
You guys should make the Gadgetmobile. I'd love to see that.
I really want to see Dr. Oc arms somaday
Almost at 1000 videos
Are u guys talking about psyonic the prosthetics company?!
Jumping stilts with extra power!
The fact that the only thing stopping them from making an arc reactor is the price of tritium is actually pretty hopeful. Means that at some point someone will actually do it
When i saw jake lazers ferrofluid video i wanted to go bathe in acetone.
Steve Rogers in another universe😅😅
Team engine umbrella  👇
Is hacksmith inc based in the uk?
I love how You guys make the almost impossible happen, and showcase others like JL Laservideo, that does this kind of awesomeness also!
I NEED TO SEE THAT GOGO GADGET HELICOPTER HAT
thats... thats not James?????????
You have good stuf
8
7
7
5
4
3
2
iron man flying
If you somehow lose an arm... Make a REAL winder soldier's arm
Why does he look like wolverine?!
If you do ever happen to get some tritium I would love to see a real mini arc reactor.
i miss small garage hacksmith. think a downsize is needed for his sanity and for creative content. Hes got the subs to keep him funded for a long time but tryin to keep good creations rolling in none stop just to cover all the money going out to other ppl,bills ect would drive anyone mad.
8:13 If your interested in the secondary fuids and coatings for Ferrofluids, I suggest you look into the FARGO Project on the ISS from KSat
I've met Richard browning
I like the lifter you made from the movie Aliens.  That was pretty cool, and it has a practical use for it, too. I know a guy with half his spine is titanium.  I know another guy with both of his shoulders replaced with titanium.  I guess if they ever needed extra cash, they can HACK the titanium out of their bodies.  Of course they wouldn’t be able to enjoy it because, well you know.
imagine if you guys actually finished a project...
i say inspecter gadget
Is it just me or does that seem like AI
whys the sponsorship guy is like a npc
Ima just ask but did you guys try a baseball pitching machine for the dodgeball machine?
Hey im not judging but did anyone tell you that 1/3 of thoes were SUPER dangerous?😂😂😂 (joking obv) but like the triple jet engines with gas on you back!!!!! Like bro!!!😂😂😂
The octopus arm
You should finish number 8
Bro this isn't the James we know
Bro looks like wolverine
Duo namer 11
Please do a mortal combat build(and it great to have you back, it wasn't the same without you bro)
Does anyone know the type of engine that he used for the jet engine umbrella. Ive been looking for an engine of that exact stature/ model for quite some time for a project.
bros most likely gonna be the source of most things in the future
do the ark reactor please
Can you guys make a robot and tase the power source
For the love of god not this channel as well!!! AG1 sells a basic green powder (proven to be ineffective in healthy people) at a 10x markup to people that buy their fancy marketing.
La traducsion al español es orible
Did Riley die???
Iron man
Ok where can i get the black widow gloves?
Always awesome
NGL, I don't know what the hell that sponsor was thinking. Why did they literally ASK for that and then get MAD when they go what they wanted?!
Jesus loves and u all. Jesus payed for your sins on the cross for ur sins and three days later he rose. and so when we believe in him, as putting ur trust into him allows us to be saved and receive eternal life!
oh and jlaser also made dr.octopus arms
that sounds like something mark rober would make lol
IRON MAN PLZ
Why are you dying your hair?
So what happened to homie when he picked up the tazer ? Did it punch his ticket ?
So your telling me u can make all this other stuff like mech suites ands a lightsabers but u can make a robot throw a ball come on guys Im no scientist or engineer but it can’t be that hard
doc oc arms would be sick
I have a idea put 6 drone props on each limb then hook it up to a button and a backpack with all ur electronics then For power u hook a flashlight up to a light censor and point it at the censor u turn it on with another flashlight
Canada needs to provide you guys more grants, the innovative creativity you guys have shown throughout the years is outstanding!
I remember years ago I mentioned you should build a winter soldier arm and you replied saying you won't do that because to do it you'll need to lose your arm first
I just say sum but y does James look like the older movie of the Xman Wolverine 😅
I always waited for the winter soldier arm please test it...
With the doc occ arms. Well u could use two of them to support the weight of the whole thing
bro give me job in your company i vl do anyting
Y dont u collab with Jake laser? or Mark Rober?  Im crossing my fingers and hoping that one day you guys end up doing this colab
JET PACK
Guy advertising that nasty looking drink looks like that all he consumes food wise and all like eat a damm burger 😂
are u jhon wick??
He look like the guy for matrix
11
yes you need to do the bionic arm
Is it me or does hack smith look different I have not been watching so please tell me
The iron man's heart
I would really like to see the venom project to be finished
0:52 april first? You sure thats real?
ik it’s legit james but like what how does hair dye make him look 10x different hahaha idek
You have to bring back the bucke barns vibranium arm.
Great video
You should revisit the ARK REACTOR
would like to see doc ock arms, it could be an improvement from the Iron spider arms
Wait is Riley ok?
I want to see the arm
what if you make a life size 3d printed rifle plsssss
Jlazer did doc oc and also voice controlled yondu arrow
Wait, tritium is real?
But the ones he said weren't released were released.
8:53 ITS FUTILE 🦅 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
Imagine if mark Rober joined this Chanel
Ten is literally just mark robers dart board
Looks like dude who talked about the sponsor for his immune system is sick ALL the time I bet...just looks that type
The venom was a cool idea
That is not James at the beginning bro
For number 5, I can guess why the sponsors pulled out. Simply because you over designed the robot and made it look like a scifi robot for some reason. So something like those wheels from that build, that speaker box and just a mic arm to hold up the tablet or phone would've been enough. I suppose its also their fault for not describing what they want but they definitely weren't thinking about a scifi robot.
Iron man one
bro maked fortnits gliders
make a time machine
MAY I JUST SAY YOU MADE THE RIGHT ARM WHEN ITS ON BUCKYS LEFT ARM
Bro looks like a younger Keanu reeves. Lookin good man
Im suprise you didnt get hunted down by the fbi
The dodge ball gun should be finished
9… venom… do it… now…
The Dr Octopus arms are fascinating (7:27).
\m/
Bro he looks weird
0:09 0:09
You should all collaborate
Jesus your sponsor for this video sells k2? I thought that shit was highly dangerous
I can tell that you REALLY want to fly. So finish one of those projects- Inspector Gadget Helicopter Hat gets my vote!
He looks like the Wolverine movie
Maybe try to fly like iron man and do the Venom idea
Hacksmith is joke
0:43  The man in Thor Ragnarok who got melted in front of Thor by the Grand master.  " Yess, THAT'S HOW IT FEELS! "
1
you should test the winter soldier arm.
4:30 i think that stuff makes ears grow lol
10:31
10:31
@theHacksmith please complete the winter soldier arm
the arm
For the Arc Reactor, Tony Stark built this in a cave! With a bunch of scraps!  And he also used Palladium.
wait a minuet u look a lil different
You should set up a collab with JLaser, you guys would probably find a way to time travel or something. You guys would make Marvel a reality.
As a biomechanical engineering major the winter soldier arm is the project i most want to see.
As a biomechanical engineering major the winter soldier arm is the project i most want to see.
Why u look different
Just put the ferro fluid in a thin membrane within another fluid.
Can u make mark 85 from iron man
You should finish that Iron Man project I think that’ll be really cool
Arm
Now, this isn't a project to FINISH per say, but it would be awesome if you put all the Iron Man suit parts together, plus make the parts you still need
Haw can i be yore emplouy
Wow, i would like to see the inspector gadget, ---off i am to watch your self healing claws, cos you look so much like wolverine in x-men, sorry about your arm though
Doc ock
flying like iron man
The Winter Soldier will return
Just curious, is that guy the real hack smith?
11
Was u goin for tha wolverine look bc if u was its workin😂😂 nah jk but i fr love wht all r doin keep it up
YOU MUST BUILD THE RADIOACTIVE GENERATOR IT WOULD BE AWESOME!!!
You look different......
10:15 "and the newfound realization that I am no insensible" 🤣🤣🎯🎯
a full team, a warehouse, tones of high end tools, 70k a month in revenue, time ,energy, all avenues are open to you and you put in into melting gummy bears ..............................                   this is why they don't talk to us.
Winter soldier
I turned 3 on apr 1 2017
You should try to make the thunder gun from call of duty 1 zombies
“I’m Mary poppins is he cool?” ~Yondu
Make a set of legs made of metal that cover your real legs and then put the octo arms onto your back
Would love to see a working duel disk if that would be a possible fun project :D pretty safe too, but if I had to pick 1 of the 10, I’d love to see the arc reactor mastered, would be the best portable battery on the planet XD
The real life gadget helicopter might work better if it's using the new Toroidal propeller that's making the news lately. 👍  The ''Jackie Chan umbrella'' could use that too ; all he really needed that to do was the counter rotation that slows helicopters.  Also consider a ''bullet proof'' glove for those baseball videos.
Winter soldier arm pls
your lucky ur not dead yet
This one! Go go gadget!!!
arc reactor honestly, maybe you can find a way to use this immense power to power some of your larger projects and size them down. Maybe this would be quite usefull for a lot of power heavy projects hm. ( mini nuclear reactor in lightsaber :P ? )
1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11
It ain’t top secret anymore is it 👉🏻🤓🧐🤨
I’d like to see the doc Ock it seems cool
Bro Take me with you
Why James looks different everytime?
My butt was so clenched watching this whole video haha
NileRed solved your problems with ferrofluid
He looks like wolverine in this video hahah!
El doblaje en español de las partes de series y películas es lamentable
Make a real life mandalorian suit
What if you install a real self healing system by heating em by the press of a button instead of using a torche?  Thermoelectricity?
Make a real portal to any detention I want
Por qué está en español?
A really cool project would be a 125-Z treadspeeder from rise of skywalker
Where is James that’s not him that’s the next project a plastic James replica
The project what would be the greatest to finish is still the laser sword
Looking like young eobard thane from the flash series! I hope you have it good for the rest of the day😊
i liked alot of these projects but i would like to see the doc ock tentacles making a comeback.
Alguien que me diga que paso con el original
i think the best project is doctor octopus
The Iron Man idea was great. I mean the UK Jetpack is cool, but it doesn't look like an Ironman suit and you got the data from UK to improve upon it.  Or do the Venom thing, since it has the potential to be the second Lava Lamp.  Anyways good luck and happy testing. 🫡
8
I would like to see the jetpack or Doctor octavos
I just want a working pair of magnet boots
Winter soldier arm please!!!!
I cannot believe the top 10, can it be worst
Definitely the arc reactor
You should retry dr. Otpus
There are people who are going crazy about space mining. Watching this guy i think we should care more about human mining. Like from him we can take a titanium.
Why are you looking like a robot
Not to meti9n the fact his mind was taken over by the ai
Pls make ark reactor
Honestly wouldn't ever buy the screwdriver for the sheer effect of it's too big you can't fit it into small places I can tell just by looking at it I think the LTT screwdriver is a better deal at this point
Nice
I think having the ferrofluid coating the inside of the bottle looks very Venom-esque.
Estos doblajes al español parecen de muy bajo presupuesto
Number 11!!!!!!!
i want to see you guys fiy because it would look so cool better than the The two  you showed us please I want to see you guys fiy
4
About the telecommuting robot im pretty sure when people say to make something out of junk they probably either mean to be thrifty or steampunk style where random components are used to make something that looks cohesive. What you made does indeed not look presentable at all.
Excelente video
I dont get it
1
ARC REACTOR
Man i love watching your videos!!🤣 they’re so awesome!!!😁 Don’t think there’d be any room for me on the team do ya? Id love to work with you man, the projects you build with your team are freaking incredible as always!!😤😤😎
I think otto's octopus arms can be made because even in fiction, he is using 2 of his arms just to stand and balance. I mean even making 2 prosthetic tentacles helping you stand is awesome enough. I believe if it is doable, you guys should definetely finish the project.
real life shadow the hedgehog skate shoes
please make numbre 1, please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The first one
I feel like yall are the best to build one of my. Favorite Spiderman villains shockers gaunlets.. the flight suit is awesome maybe instead of the iron man way try the vulture way
You should finish the iron man suit
why am i hearing this in spanish...
Have you guys ever considered making a battle bot? I feel like, with your engineering ingenuity, you could quite literally change the whole game
i would like number 1
jet engine umbrella woud be so cool
James the metal in you're hand makes you a cyborg
Just ask stuff made here for the doge ball
A project I would love to see is the doom blade from doom eternal
Nr4, nr4, nr4, nr4,NR4!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fun fact gadgets car from the cartoon is based apon a delorean dmc 12
James looks like ghost rider
these dudes gotta build another big project, a personal submarine that can fit atleast 2 people, id love to sea that
I really don't know why but he looks like Tony stark and Jhon wick merged together
J laser is like “HE SAID HE PROUD OF ME”
Please do not do the go go gadget helicopter hat. Thats asking for trouble
Akr Reactor with a suit
I want see u thrive with ur own way of making the iron man also I know u can make it happen with the dedication u gave us
Doc ok suiy pls
what i would like, is a showcase of what you tried, yknow all the build and test attempts, just blur what you cant show and tell everyone whats happening in a pg way. it would be fine even in a memberships only video
I have two ideas 1. Build attack on titan odm gear or anti personnel odm gear in original size and actually carry you  2. Build a real life transformer that turns into a car and to a robot  These could be your most challenging one yet.
You guys made iron man's arc reactor. why not make a real, working back to the future flux capcicitor?
Taser guns 🙌
Mark Rober would be interested in project number 10
Hi I think you should do the arc reactor or winter soldier arm but.i would love the arc reactor
DUDE!! I remember back when you guys were making the Iron man suit in that garage area in Canada I think. To think it's been at least since 2017!!   Y'all have come so far I'm happy for you guys! You guys always inspire me to be more creative and do projects like y'all ( on a smaller scale lol )
You look like doctor strange
I vote for ironman
No contest… the Inspector Gadget helicopter.   The other projects are inane wastes of time, effort and money.
Continue the Winter Soldier Arm...    or else I call him in.
Try to finish the Doc Oc arms
I would like to see Ironman fly!!!!!!  So cooooooolllllllllllll!
Iron man
Please i would love to see the winter soldier’s arm! This project has so much potential!!
I didn't even recognize James
Collect you projects and try to  make you own superhero suet.
Dodgeball robot! Finally a worthy opponent!!!
for the black widow thing cant u just make it so it will only activate when u do an actual punch so its safe?
The Winter Soldier's Bionic Arm would be great to see finished!
I love all the iron man ideas. Making iron man real would be epic
8:26
Happy to see you with a smile on your face.  And projects, amazing as always (both released and not released).  As for not released ones.   still flying like Iron man, though other companies have nice jet packs to use.   Either way,  you take care of yourself and till next video.
Please do the arm
You'll
Yeah I'll just make every kid's dream come true😊
I once touched a electric fence with an apple, I could still feel the power in me
Arc reactor
Hi Keanu Reaves🎉
Make a radioactive ark reactor
Not a criticism, but just a question that I think is really interesting. In all the years you guys have been engineering stuff, have you ever created anything now used with real-world applications? Although a lot of the things you guys have built, I think that creating something with practical uses would be something that will be around long after your show or yourselves.
Doc oct
1, 7and 11
i mean you could always do what doc oc did and put ai that could corrupt your brain into the arms -shrug- maybe your just not committed enough
woah! hope everythings going well
Bro really wants to fly
why did you make Mary popins umbrella?
i can bet that if u have made an arc reactor thats actually small enough to fit in your chest it gonna cost 5 billion to get it and 2 years waiting
I've got the secret to the type of flight you see in Hollywood by all of our favorite man of Iron
Should of called the taser gauntlet, nano gloves from zombies
Pls Finish the Iron man
Hacksmith looks different he doesn't look like the real guy😂
Tolga özguryuru tanıyonmu
Bro looks so handsome. I hope things are going good bro.
"We want you to build a robot from junk"  "Ok, here it is"   " Uck, why is it look like junk?!"
Totally think winter soldiers hand would be cool
Who is that
Jlazer made 8 and 9
you need to make another shooter for your other hand so you can swing twice in one go.
Winter soldier arm
Why is he continuing to hide his ginger
Guys is it possible to make water  bomb like from wakanda forever
Do the arc reactor!!
What’s up with the deepfake on James face? 😂
He looks nothing like he used to
man he really looks like john wick
@james What happened to you? You look completely differed and work off in all your recent videos.  Take care man!
Nuclear reaction plz
imagine doing all that crazy stuff and coming out fine, and then injuring yourself playing...baseball. lol
You guys have an issue and it is being too good at what you do😂
James kinda looks like younger hugh Jackman
Can do a project about how groot extends his arms plz
Iron man flight thing
telepresence robot! Keep the junk look.
U should make a robocop suit
James look different, something is off in this video
If y’all want to see a dodgeball throwing robot, look up FRC 2021-22
Glad to see James doing better!
I used to watch James regularly but from few months i haven't watched any video. Today I opened this video i got confused, that whether this man is James lookalike or AI generated. Or it is makeup.
10
I could just imagine giving a winter soldier to a person without an arm
Did he get plastic surgery?
Venom needs to be revisited
You should not bang your ear anything, even with our small thingamajig
What the heck do you mean, Tasty AG1? It causes brain farts. But, yes, indeed, if you can afford the taste,, and enjoy the high price, it is good
Winter soldier arm for sure. Anyone could test it, also seemed the most safe and also mildly practical if doing demolition work or something
I want to know how to get a job with you guys
Arc reactor when?
I've got to see that winter soldier arm. Even before learning of the winter soldier I tried making armored fists from movies like hellboy. I'd love to see something similar made professionally
Speaking of Riley (sorry if I misspelled),  what happened to him?
The Doc Oc arms would be so cool. Defiantly the best of all those ideas.
new look is good keep it
wintersolder arm
Please do the arc rector.
I would like to see all of them 😂. Success comes with failure followed with determination and hope. Keep your heads high you guys. I believe in you guys 👍.
Project to finish is definitely flying like iron man with some sort of electro thrust, bonus points of you use an arc reactor to  ignite the compressed air flow made by the thruster, into a kind of after burner.
Dr. Octopus. You could make it smaller scale for V1. See for inspiration articles "Teen Bitcoin millionaire builds a real Dr. Octopus suit for a kid " and "MIT’s Supernumerary Robotic Limbs give you the extra arms you always wanted"
Why don't you conversion coat the glass som the venom project?
absolutely copter hat
Make the gogo gaget helicopter
Tritium isn't radioactive on its own though... Right? And isn't it in sea water?
#11
11
Porque no intentan replicar las espadas mantis de cyberpunk las espadas plegables  o el cañón del brazo?😅
Answering that age-old high school math question, when am I ever going to use THAT in the real world?
Continue the Iron flight system! try and get it slim as possible.
Ok, es cool por fin entender que dicen porque no se inglés, pero en serio, que horrible doblaje al español xd
doc oc limbs
Hope you your doing better James. Please don’t work yourself to death. And most importantly be careful amen amigo.
I would like to see numbers 8 and 9 come to fruition.
Make an exo-skeleton
DO THE TEST FOR THE WINTER SOLDIER ARM! That is one of my most favorite projects! And bring back flying like iron man
nice video bro
the robot was kinda cute tho D:
I loved this! keep making these type of videos.
The doc oc arms would be awesome
I saw the screen or whatever is called and I said "It's marry Poppins yall"
He looks like a gigachad
Bro is majestic but not the same
At 2:17 is that a Tesla Cyber Truck that lands on Inspector Gadget?
One of the best channels on YT. Keep teaching people how fun engineering is. The world needs more people like you guys
no.7
Please do the Wither Solid arm🙏❤️
Can't you use hydrophobic container for the venom symbiote project
IMS O GLAD YOU'RE BACK I CRIED WHEN YOU LEFT THANK THE LORD
He did jump🤭
You should do real steel
go for flight! i think icarus and daedalus would agree youre the guy to get it done
I love the Winter Soldier Arm and hope you guys are able to eventually get it done! It would be so amazing to see!!!
Jlaser video made a iron man suit
Did u get plastic surgery and dye ur hair?
I would love to see the winter soldier arm and doctor octopus arms get some vids and work on in the future
The voices in spanish are so funny xd
Wouldn’t using the same material as a parachute for the umbrella be a lot safer
HI JAMES!!!!
Revisit the bionic Arm
sexoooooooooooooooo
If that guy is taking a drink for health and recommending it to me I would definitely not take it
you should continue your batman gadget projects like a fire/bulletproof cape, or a cape that slows your fall. or takes another shot at making a more compact faster grapple gun. now I know the immediate problem of making a grapple gun too fast quite simply your arm would go and you wouldn't. but to fix that problem I think it could be helpful to build a reinforcement harness that puts the weight your shoulder would have to lift by itself onto your waist or even your legs. and you could have the harness cables attached to the grapple gun with a hook so you can put it away on the pelt and move your arms freely.   I would also go into how I would build the cape based on my research but I won't do that in this comment.   btw I love your channel and have for a while. I would love to work with you on some of the project ideas I have in my head one day. maybe I will be able to become an intern and we can talk, in the meantime wish me luck.
Imagine asking for a junkbot, and got disappointed for getting exactly what you asked for
please do a collab with Jlaser
Tritium isnt used in most modern watches, just wanna put that out there.
Arm and arv reactor
Is it only me or he is looking different
wow , cant believe the person promoting the immunity supplements , he looks so unhealthy !!
9:05 DAAAAAAAAAAMN!!!! That looked so goofy but so BADASS at the same time!! 🤘🏻😂👍🏻
Botox?
ARC REACTOR PLZZZZZ
For the taser gauntlet, there should be a sensor that activates (or button) whenever a hand goes in it. So like sensors on lights.
You guys should continue project number 2 or 8
Bro why is he a deepfake
You know what would be an amazing project?  Replicating Rorchach's layered mask from the Watchmen comics but with therofluid.  I've seen people do it with thermal inks, only draw back is it only works well in cold environments.   but therofluid, it would be a whole lot cooler.
The arc reactor, would be a great Idea to pursue. Being the fact that you are making a nuclear reactor, which is cool. But being able to have basically a battery that will last you a super long time is just amazing.
Man look more and more like tony stark as time goes on
Do 1!!
I'd like to see the Doctor Octopus arms finished, and the Winter Soldier arm.
whatever happened to "I'm done with YouTube"
Did he dye his hair and beard
arc reactor for sure
Abt the arc reactor, mabye find a way to use radium or Americanium. Radium you can find by purchasing pre radium paint antique clocks. Americanium is in smoke detectors.
Bucky arm
I want the arc reactor !
Make a subway board
Deberian mejorar la calidad del doblaje jaja ya que algunos audios en español se escuchan como si estuvieran dentro de una lata :/
you NEED TO do a collaboration with the youtube channel STUFF MADE HERE and bring back your auto aim dodge ball idea!!!  bolth of the channels aleady make some of the best content youtube has to offer but having the two of you on same project would be FXXCKING AMAZING!!!!!! i have been a YouTube junky for a long time and im telling you i personally think if you two did a project together the caliber of content would be untouchable !!!!
james howlet?
Maybe you should try the fantasio's "helicopter" from the french comic "spirou"
When did he turn into chucknorris
Inspector Gadget Helli is a great project. I would love to see it in action!
Why his face looks so weird ?
nice cut johnathan
I remember watching the flying like Iron man series when I was younger and was honestly heartbroken when I found out it had been canceled, the hacksmith brought so many of my childhood fantasies to life, even though the gravity jet suit already exists, I think it would be really cool to see the flying like iron man project finished!
Theoretically, wouldn't the dodgeball robot be just reversed Mark Rober's moving dartboard?
I would love to see the winter solider arm love you guys
Bruh these guys are too dangerous. Anyone who tries to rob them getting obliterated
Flying “Like Iron Man” is one thing, but maybe combining the Iron Man project and the Winter Soldier project could be cool! Making a full Iron Man suit capable of destruction
You should make rollerblade with jet..that would be cool
Kinda wish he would make V2’s arm from Ultrakill
really happy to see james back, we love james and glad see him more happy!
Dude what hapened to your face
Arc reactor sounds hype af
why do you look so different
umbrella or helicopter hat would be insane to but isn't it to dangerous
I want Arc Reactor to be Completed
Why can't I reply?
we want hacksmith and jlaser collab🔥
bros looking magestic
Is it just me or u look a bit different
It would be sweet to see real life galva knuckles from zombies
Maybe the Junior John wick 🤔 👍👌
I WOULD LIVE TO SEE DOC OC ARMS
Why does Mann look so different?
i like how the most replayed part is after the sponsorship implying that a lot of people skipped past that sponsorship.
But Why is Captain America making you tube videos. .  Lol
Dang... out of all the dangerous stuff you do... you break your hand with a baseball xD this is why you always wear protection lol
He’s actually a real life tony stark
There is a youtuber called nilered that made high quality Ferro fluid that didnt stain glass, he tested Ferro fluid bought online and it stuck to the glass. Try contacting him if you want to continue the Venom project
1 or 11 would be awesome to see finished
What happened to you. you look very different from your past video
Definitely want to see the Winter Soldier arm!!! That would be really cool!
Wait is homie dying his hair/beard now?
I think nr 1 is the beat.
Im no jujer butt last time i saw the hacksmith he looked diferent
Doc Ock's tentacles would be insane in real life.
Why does he look like iron man, wolverine, and hawkeye all at the same time.
WINTER SOILDER ARM PLZ
My fellow Ontario based Canadians
Build a jetsons  flying saucer car.
there been this experiment that's been moving around quit a bit online about the use of mercury to make somthing hover through the use of magnets, could you start with something like that
If you could make vi gloves from league of legens/arcane, that would be epic
can't they use them rpm spinning ball launchers to shoot the dodgeballs, but use ai to detect when it should trigger and sent it in?
I want winter soldier arm
↓Doctor Oc
Venom
It's great to see someone coming out the other side. It looks like had a level up too
Bay như người sắt??? Động cơ phản lực ở chân đâu. Động cơ ở tay chỉ là bộ cân bằng động cơ ở chân mới là động cơ đẩy chính. 😢😢😢
go fiy
Imagine him making a real life stark industry 😂
Why don't you build Jarvis, now people are talking about AI. It should be cheap, right?
I saw aunt May left the ground first before doc oc's arms got hold of her. Am i seeing it wrong... btw all your projects are awesome. You truely are Tony Stark of our time.
We want more, we want more, we want more!
Goog Going James, get well soon❤❤
James is looking great and fit! (Nice hair cut & color!)
I’m about make one
1:31 Im subscribers of both channels (and I also kept up with Jake's saga) so hearing you mention Jake made me happy
for the ferro fluid ask nile red he makes ferrofluid witch doesn't stick to glass
He wasn't gone long huh I think he was out 1 video 1 month
Arc reactor using Thorium?
Project no8
I think ur the real life tony stark but I may be wrong
Wow, JLaser is an awesome guy who can carry out some of these impossible projects
Ah you guys are Canadian legends. I'd still watch full videos of the building, design, and ultimate failure of any project as cool as these.
Flying like iron man
What about odm gear
Man is slowing making himself look like Tony Stark
30 servings of athletic greens is 100€
Id love to see prosthetics designed and made that could help every day people missing limbs
I hope James wasn’t ashamed of his ginger beard. I liked it.
11
Dude became Tony Stark
glad your still alive , sub since 1 mil
step 1 do a dangerus experiment 1-10 anyone will do step 2 lose an arm in the experiment step 3 get a great sponsor for doing 11
Jakelazer?????
I'm going to root for the venom symbiote, because it gives me an opportunity to suggest a partnership with @NileRed, who not only succeeded in making his own, but he believes he made it higher quality than the commercially available stuff.  I can think of no one better to help you design an enclosure that won't be stained by it.
Number 8 gang
11. winter soldier arm would be so cool
I wonder if a quad turbine hover bike could be possible?
No offense, but he looks like Keanu Reeves in this video Hope this isn't like hurtful or anything lol😅
se agradece la traduccion :D
Riley is dead
Surely the dodgeball robot could use a standard ball launcher firing using wheels like they use for pracice for football, baseball etc rather than tyhe pnuematic cannon you seemed to be trying?
We revealed all our secret projects well now there no longer secret
You guys have already showed me what i wanted to see in my real life🙃 Hackmith Industries 🔥
bro one question     which engeneering did u do?plz someone reply
Yall should finish the umbrella thing
#11😎
DO DOC OCK ARMS, venom would be my 2nd choice!
when tf did he get plastic surgery
Is it just me or he looks like Captain America with the brains of Tony Stark?💀
Could you replace all your bones with metal? Would you get used to the weight?
Really proud to see you back. Stay strong and keep pushing.
Woooo wolverine explaining cool stuffs
this isnt the hacksmith guy
Bro looks older
Nothing wrong with the rest of the crew, but it's good to see James again. There will always be dark nights, but dawn will come.
Number 10 sounds like a mark rober video. I swear if they collab the internet would go wild
He’s going to be a cyborg by the end of this show
Man looks like Wolverine.
He looks like a super villain now, it's only a matter of time.
9:50 get mark rober
James looks like a freshly baked clone of Himself..... 😅
You guys should make a crossover with Jlaser
Ok I Haven't Watched U In Like 1 Year And U Either Dyed Ur Hair Or U Just Look Weird (No Offense)
The umbrella jetpack looked more like Reinhardt's hammer tbh.
james looks super majestic rn
So I had an idea I think would be really cool on my opinion I actually made my own design and it's a flying chair
Yeah, you should definitely continue the winter soldier
Is this Kingsman toy?
Dudes turning into the real life Tony Stark
hmmm
Wait, someone died from the 40000 electric punch ? Or did he just got tased really hard ?
Use a baseball pitching machine as a reference for the dodge ball robot?
Take 10 back plzzzzz ❤
Hacksmith can make anything come to life
Man, I miss Riley
the winter soldier ARM PLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs
Boring 😌😌
I remember the flying one please finish it brother
bros majestic
I think the arc reactor would be an awesome achievement
Just wanted you to know Ben that you’re one of the main reasons I bought a lathe and now I love doing all types of woodworking and am building up the courage (and money) to start doing resin crafts too
why does his face look a bit weird
Hope his mental health is improving.
I'm glad to see you are fine now mate
Please make meck  x 4 robot that copy's your movement
Jlaservideo also made dr octopus arms that is “mind controlled”
The dodge ball robot seems like and easy fix to me. Why not just use Flex wheels like the ones VEX robotics uses. They’re made of silicone rubber so they can grip the ball and with the right motors you can get it to shoot them fast 9:26
He's dyed his beard and hair ahah
Go go gadget hat
Dam such hard choices to choose however I do Wanna see the winter solider arm to be finished tbh
9:48 Instead of launching rubber hand-balls, you should re-design it to launch the newer foam balls. As far as I know, dodgeball has moved on from the rubber balls to the foam ones, because they are just easier to throw and hurt less on impact, making the game more enjoyable to play.
11 is the best idea id buy 😅
correct me if I'm wrong, but riley has a thing for lots of volts, I'm  looking at you, tazer potato  Edit: Omg, hacksmith commented
el 1 uno tienes tienes que hacerlo
Is it just me or something's weird going on
PLS 7
just fricking test the damn winter soldier arm all ready please!!!!!!!!!!
Why does he look so different now? Did he get plastic surgery or something?
I swear the bully arm video has been released
He got Botox now?!
Do 7 or 9 please
Id love to see the winter soldier arm finished!
I want this dock oct arms
Is that Keanu reeves bro
It’s definitely interesting to see how much time, effort and money goes into projects that never pan out into a video.
is Riley alive?
I will like to see 1 to be finish I meet at 🥺
pls make a transformer
Good to see u man
Complete the arc reactor project
For the one about dodgeballs, look up FRC 2019. About 15000 highschool teams beat you to it.
Wolverine ?
Bionic arms would be awesome especially it turns into a nerf blaster or something.
I have titanium in my jaw! Completely useless mind you.
You looking different today, you dyed your hair?
Hack smith is literally the blacksmith version of Micheal reeves is to programming
Work from home looks like the one from BigBangTheory 🤣 but sheldon uses a monitor
Ag1 taste like dirt
bro looks majestic
I love the new emo James. Very hot.
Home your mental health is alright and you’re doing good James
it would be cool to see a miniaturised rtg but idk how authorities would like a youtuber with an orphan source lol
They need to finish the tridium video
Did the black widow thing guy die?
literly every new project        jet engine
Do the arm
Cap😘😘
I miss you James. Your my hero
Bro i would love to see that doc ock arms project finished
Who are Nate and Cali? They're not in KOR
i think the radioactive reactor would be so much fun to power up most of the projects you jus have and would be one of the best projects ever and you guys can even power a suit which need high power hence this reactor can be a good replacement for a battery
Wow new style huh
Do the arm thing at the end n#11
I would really Like to see the reactor come to life...😅
they could try to make a fusion reactor based on a US company that uses lasers to start the fusion, I believe this is more "possible" than a radioactive nuke reactor
The overall quality and depth of skill for a lot of these projects is lacking. I see single youtubers consistently pumping out better videos and projects than this whole channel. Sure, some of the ideas are pretty neat, But the end products seemed to lack a fair amount of intelligence.
This video was really cool to see. Learning from failed projects is always a really great way (if not the best) to improve and sharing that is even better.  Loved this, thanks!!
yay
why  does he look weired
2:05
Can you please continue The winter soldier arm. That was one of my favorite projects
9:45 imagine being on the other side of that and the robot winds up and launches not just a ball but the entire arm at you
5:24 my internet went out at this exact point
7:54 The furries just went wild.
BLACK WIDOW
You should continue the doc oc project
Finish the winter arm
Man looks wired. What happened?
The black hair threw me tf off
Flying like Iron Man was one of the first big projects you started when i first subscribed. I watched every episode as soon as it came out
I had a idea. High-Frequency Blades.
lmao the main use of tritium, a super rare and valuable resource, is to produce the most pointless and wasteful shit ever
You guy have no idea, why dont you just ask canadians around you what we need right now, price of gas?? Invent a hydrogen-electric hybrid motor, housing crisis? Invent a modular low cost expandable homeblock, skilled trades workers in short supply, augment workers will harnesses that distribute loads and give useful tool locates..
James likes a lot better i hope he is doing better
Please finish the doc ock arms😭😭😭
I  have Tritium
I  have Tritium
do a collab with the youtuber i did a thing plz
Attack on Titan adm gear please
I think number 8
He looks like John Wick
Bro, it would be awesome to finish the Dr. Octavius arms bro it would be so cool just being able to grab a car and then throw it off of a roof or something just to be able to like hold one of the re-creations of Thors hammer or Stormbreaker with the arms would be so cool
I think the winter soldier's arm would be pretty cool!
Awesome!!!
For that ferro fluid. You can make two acrylic boxes And put one info another one. The inner box would have some unusual shape creative shape. Both boxes would ve filled up, but only the inner one would contain ferro fluid
I say u do the arc reactor
Revisit #11.
Did you get plastic surgery?
James with black hair and chiseled beard isn't real, he can't hurt you.  James with black hair and chiseled beard:
Personal helicopter backpack
I did see the doc ock one though
Man is old now, it been a while now what can anyone say
Oh did you se the Tesla truck falling on inspector Gaget?
James is gonna lose an arm in an explosion someday and be like, "but the good news is, my new bionic arm can lift a thousand pounds and shoot lasers"
I want to see winter soldier arm
I would love to see the chopper
Nooo that poor scrap robot 😭😭
They couldn’t figure out how to launch a dodgeball? 🥴
James looks like a different person
You guys should turn the Flying Like Iron Man series into Flying like Mando. Try to make a mandalorian-esc jetpack that actually lets you fly/hover
Personally, I would suggest finishing or restarting the mechanics to fly like Iron Man. Plus, it was the goal of Hacksmith Industries to be a real life Stark Industries, so making the iconic  Mk.II Iron Man suit should happen at some point.
nice
you look like captain america and wolverine
ew what happned to your face
Iron man please
The weakest arc reactor created by Tony stark could produce 3 gigajoules per second and most power plant is 1 Gigajoule so its something i think is not possible yet
this video was soo fun
I think the umbrella one could be feasible with the right materials and a large enough umbrella but idk bc I dont study physics
You guys are awesome. Love to see you guys. Hope James is doing good and Ian good work on keeping up with your friends. You guys are awesome
What about Tony Stark's helper robot? Slightly ties into the Doc Oc idea of helper arms but being a self contained mech you could call over that could help weld, cut, hold, etc whatever you needed in considerable excess of human abilities? Plus, tracks rather than mech legs.
I think the hacksmith can become a security and defense contractor now.
I love your new dyed beard
I think you should do the metal arm
what happended to james? this is not the real deal!
They can make anything
Wow dude! You look amazing. I know looks can’t tell the story about mental health but you just seem exited about life.
Honestly just upload these videos, it'll be entertaining any way.
Arc reactor order of octopus robotics arms or both combined that will be interesting
y does he look so different
bro james looks so difgrent
Batman??
What the heck happened to him?
Namor’s spear,make it please
Fun fact, the new arm that Bucky gets from the wakandans is a right arm, despite the fact that it's he left arm that's missing
i want to see the arc reactor!!!
why do you look weird????
Do you think it is possible to build the suit from the invisible film?
Why I’m thinking this ain’t hacksmith???
Hacksmith I love your videos, but have you ever thought about helping the world?
Do the Venom one please!
If/when you are ever worried about community guidelines cramping your creative efforts, put the content on Rumble.
Look at him that is a robot
Would love to see the flying like iron man come back. Anyways love what you all have done been here since you built your exoskeleton that lifted the DeLorean and I can’t wait to watch into the future
8
honestly as an FRCer the most suprising thing is the vexpro part shown in the dodgeball robot CAD instead of other unfinished awsome projects
Dude, I haven't seen your channel in a while, what happened to your face? You look quite different... Is this a deepfake?
Bro looks like tony stark with a mix of captain America
nah thats not james
nice to have you back.
Is that the hacksmith, his looking good but different...
Nr 7
Do anyone knw why James looks different at this video? 🤔
He'll yeh I would love to see the venom one
The tritium water leak that happened in November 2022 in the USA ☠️☠️
Great to see you back so soon James! Don't overdo it it yet my friend 😊
bros magestic
I really hope James gets to fly like a real life Ironman one day with his own gadget!!
Did my man just dyed his beard and eyebrows too😅😅
Dude exactly looks like wolverine 😮
Did he have plastic surgery?
Doc Arms for sure! Make it work plz
Bruh made himself Jhon wik stark
Bro been a while since i last visited tihis channel you look like james bond now time does fly
our man is looking different hope everything is good
why he look like this🤣
Iron Man, coming up!
James looks different
Hacksmith would be a god if there was a zombie apocalypse
You guys are Anakin's but for the light side
The hair and beard dye was a total fail🤣
Bro last time James was on a screen he looked so wildly different, the haircut and beard trim + the dye making him look kinda 😳😳 ngl
I think you could actually make a strong enough umbrella to jump off a roof with and land safely
Please finish the arc reactor
james dead ass looks like julian from trailer park boys
Love to see any video that’s out, keep up the amazing videos 🎉
Not to be mean but am I the only one who thinks James looks different?
Doctor octopus tentacles!!! Please work on them more. It would be so cool
Iron man iron man iron man give me iron man suit right now!!!!!!!!!!
With the umbrella all you need to do is to make the top of the umbrella strong enough to withstand wind currents and withstand any force of the down fall😊
3
Try out buckys arm
Please finish the doc oc arms
I challenge you to make a real metal halo John 117 aka master chief suit but you won’t because you’re not gonna see this 😂😂
Before he looked like Logan (wolverine) now he looks like his brother... Don't know if that's good or not...but I like
Could you make blades of chaos with their flames 😁❤
Not posting those videos is okay. But real crime is the dark hair color
I know it’s probably not a very big project, but I want to see the esteemed mortal from the walking dead saints and sinners
Doc ock arms would be cool. I always thought the bottom arms supported all the weight, but idk lol
This is proof that sometimes the journey itself is more rewarding than the finished result
I think either venom or doctor octopus
Has James dyed his hair
Why don't you Caleb with Mark Rober
11
Naaah, you deffo are invincible. The hand was mere a freak accident.  A bit like the guy who placed his head in a hydraulic press, or the All Destroying Morning Star. No, seriously.
I just want yall do finish the ones you're passionate about most. Your favorite ones, the ones that made you feel like a child In a  fantasy world.
IRON MAN FINISH IRON MAN
collab with mark rober please for your next project
Black hair and black beard. John Wick maybe? It's great seeing James back in the videos.
They have all changed
😢
ive always looked at hacksmith like jlaser dad
He looks like keaunu reeves hope he is better now
bro i stopped watching you for half a year you look so diffrent how
why does he look AI generated
Who the hell is that😂
why he look so diffrent?
love the look, you almost look like another person.
bro has black hair now
Why does he look like Jhon wick but he sounds like James
“We want the robot made out of junk”  Hacksmith industries: *makes a robot out of junk*  The sponsor: WHAT?!😡😡😡
arc reactor or the venom thing
now that james has black hair he looks like tonk stark instead of captin america
I really want to see James’s crew make someone fly like Iron Man
Bro looks beautiful now
can you build iron mark 5 with the chest
7 or 11
You should do the rocketeer jet pack
dude looks like John Wick
You could make a "Liberty Engine "
i dare you to build a The Flash suit, that can really resist high temperatures from a hypotetical "superspeed", and being really thin, elastic and moveble
you can now start to build a giant Plasma Kamehameha
Why dose He looks different?!🤔
Man looks like jhon wick😂 btw im visiting this channel aftr very long time so idk
WINTER SOLDEIR ARM PLEASE
Could you make a robot boxer like from real steel
Bro looks like he is coming from past!
Wait.... Who's this guy?
He's using that cursed nvidia AI of eye centering!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
James sure has changed, so hoping he´s doing fine!
btw. AG1 is just scam, I know you need Sponsors and I´m not angry, just a friendly reminder
The electro fist was cool it reminds me of a fallout power fist. You should continue it
Please finish the metal arm from Bucky!!!!!
OMG THE HACKSMITH WHAT HAPPEND TO HIS FACE
Arc reactor guys
Don't try blackwidow try batman's
That is a deepfake of James? why not saying anything?
It'd be cool to see you and JLaser collaborate if that's possible at all.
The Dr. Octupus Arms and Arc reactor needs to get made
hahaha i also once bought Ferofluid for the same idea and i nnede to replace some of my tools because it was EVERYWERE
Why does James look different!?
7 years ago before he started to dye his hair black like some b roll logan
bro you look like dr stange
@hack smith industries can you guys try creating the fall out power armour it sounds like a great idea
The dodgeball machine sounds like the most marketable one. Imagine going to your local rec center and going against the dodgeball robot, seeing who can dodge the most.
Something tells me that James was replaced by an AI model 😅 you look good mate
Whats with the hair color change I think you look better in brown hair
Man pls make martian tripod heat ray pls
I bet collabing with Stuff Made Here you could make the dodgeball one. That would be fun.
Man, i thought he looked cgi from the start...
the 1
Does he look a bit off?
If we are votibg on which project to return to, my vote is the doc oc arms. Maybe you could consult your robotics programmer friend to hook the arms up to some body cams to let the arms walk and support themselves. Then have some switch to move just two at a time, while the other two act as supports behind you.
Keanu Reeves?
You could DEF make a propeller version of the flying umbrella, maybe give it 5-6 props in a circle on a stick?
0:13   he really looks like tony stark in his middle age years
Project 1, 7 , 11
you should work with elon musk togheter😅
What happenned to his face?????
Wow its been so long since I’ve watched u guys i love and loved your previous videos so cool!
It's really interesting to see all the "failed" videos, I think.        The mechanics / technical (or physical) limitations of why something can or cannot currently work is - (to me at least) - just as cool (if not better) than all the successful ones :)  If anything, it makes me appreciate the successful projects even more.  And it sets more realistic expectations for the rest of us (:  (Even WD-40 was "Water Displacement: attempt #40")  As an idea for content:      I found the Power Loader process very interesting, because it went into more detail than usual which problems you ran into, and how you aimed to solve those.       A tad less "hyper speed from start to finish", if you know what I mean.  Also, James looked very sharp in those stills with the John Wick suit :)
3:28 man, fuck YouTube  Can’t wait until everyone moves to a better platform this isn’t hellbent on censoring everything.
Make new light saber sword
Bro, i really want to see the winter Soldier arm
It’s amazing how different you look with the hair dye. It’s like a totally different person.
Hey I hope you doing good you look very physically healthy and I hope your also mentally healthy
Could you pls make a walking tripod?
that spanish dub is not worth what you are paying, mr Hacksmith... audio is fked up and it is also a bad translation.
Why not just attach a football thrower machine to the robot arm with camera a stuff...that should be fast enough....
Is it me or why does he look like a body double to me?
MR INDIAN HACKER is better than you
Keanu Reeves?
Modern Day Iron Man
Make a self balancing wooden walking stick
Dude, it is scary how similar you look to Chris Evens, in this video lmao :D
Please finish the flying like ironman project
Using gelatine is just using a ton of dead animal for entertainment
James looks really different! Good for him as long as he’s doing well!
11
7
Jake Laser is rocking Iron man Flying suit
Winter soldier arm need to be completed
I want winter soldier arm
Im telling my kids this man was john wick
I gotta say, the original hack smith is looking in better shape than ever before!
So glad that James is back, I hope his health gets better. Also love that Tony Stark look!
bro what happened to you?
so did bodgan (taser gauntlet) die?
Ark reactor
another youtuber by the name Alex Lab made a cool arm for his pulse reactor, i think that would be a good start for Buckie's arm except made entirely out of titanium or some strong metal. another thing with the arm, i feel like some kind of brace around the back would help with stronger punches and better force mitigation
The giant vat of gummi for some reason reminds me rick and mortys vat if acid episode
finish the winter soldier one
Number 12: project baseball
GO GO GADGET P**IS EXTENDER
Make a winter soldier arm for an amputee. If the Guy's a marvel fan that would be a great content and the best gift.
*Venom* So the idea was to steal a symbiote from area 51 but we couldn't do the naruto run
Why this man looks like captain America 🇺🇸
James...you forgot the electric skateboard with 60hp. Yes, the video is up where it's built, but you said that shortly, you will make a test yourself... could you please make that video, I really love that skateboard!
The iron man reactor would have been really nice
The Arc reactor always fascinated me.  Imagine if it could not only "keep you phone charged", but also power your entire being and everything around you.
for number 10, maybe you could look at some frc mechanisms, since launching balls is a fairly common element.
Is that surgury i see in youre face
He looks like he got younger
Definitely finish the venom project! I need that thing on my work desk!
I just wanna say that James looks absolutely fantastic, it’s important to ones health to take care of yourself and focus on feeling good at this point in your life, especially when you’ve gone through all that you have making these fantastic memories, it’s thanks to him that I decided to pursue an interest in automotive design and repair and have almost finished restoration of my dream car, a 1977 Fiat 124 Spider, thank you James
So happy to see you back ! 😊
More anime weapons please😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Please try and make the rocket fist from Metal Gear Solid 5 PhantomPain
Ma man looking different
Dude i miss that Thor hair!
How are u james
7 please.
I just came back after a while why is James Tony now?
I think you should do the iron man arc reactor, it just seems so useful
Someone is looking different today
The doc oc arms would be good.
Happy he's back!!!
Why not try a reinforced umbrella
1
Bucky hand
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!  Not the ginger beard!  WHY!!????
Therapist: Black-haired hacksmith can't hurt you Black-haired hacksmisth: ヽ༼ ಠ益ಠ ༽ﾉ   JK, great to see you back James. As others have said, you don't need to make perfect, or even finished projects to release videos that we will all love to watch. Just try to show where the project is at currently. Take a look at the channel Contraption Collection, or Wintergatan, they've build their whole YouTube career on a single project that's still not finished!
do the dogde ball one, and then watch me still dodge everything, I don't get hit in dodge ball
Good to see you back!
THE WINTERR SOLDIER ARMM
Anyone notice, His face is little different? On the other note I hope super speedy recovery on your mental health!
he looks so much like the wolverine
Love your videos!
Go for the arm!
You look different man
let me shrink this video for you. we had this grand vision but it didn't turn out that way
Looks good
I’m glad you are looking healthier! You are doing good work! Make sure you are getting plenty of rest too
Man looks like Steve Rogers and Robert Downey Jr at the same time
8
I saw a video of someone that actually made some doc octopus arms it woud be so cool if you finished the project
Dogeball robot
WHY DID YOU DYE YOUR HAIR😭
I remember seeing the Bucky arm as it's own video
Make a portal gun
What happened to his face?
dr.octopusman
why does he look even more like Tony Stark now
For the dodgeball robot take a look at old FRC designs, during the first stronghold game robots launched dodgeballs. I'm guessing flywheels would be a much better bet than that air cannon you tested.
I really  Like your vids
Can you fly like iron man pls
Can you build a real life iron man mask with Jarvis and make it look like the same as what iron man sees
Jesus he looks so good
The things with the tritium. Do it.
I would love to see the venom one get finished that would be such a cool thing to make or have in general.
I think it would be simple (for you) to create the dodgeball robot. If you look at designs for volleyball serve machines, the balls can travel at speeds easily exceeding 100km/h with great accuracy. Plus you don’t need to re pressurize the cannon between every shot.
You could use a accumulator to power the dodge ball machine I work in a place called QHP I’m sure we could make you one
Am i the only one who noticed that James's face looks diferent?
Lol
My guy looks like Keanu Reeves, good look😁
He looks kinda like Wolverine
Your dodgeball bot got nothing on me
I think you and jlaservideo should collab and try to make the fully functional version of a suit like an iron man or spiderman suit with jlasers wall climbers and swingers yalls spidey sense mask you could make a really cool suit
yeah winter soldier or Doc Oc
7
Could you please make the Omnidroid from the Incredibles as a real rc? Thanks
Bro is looking good with black hair!
Yo for a design idea maybe wardens glasses from siege possibly would be cool
Hacksmiths, make the doctor octopus arms: two of them helping you stay up while the other two move, punch and slap. There is no need for the arms to hold something heavy, just a claw capable of holding an object as large as a tennis ball at most. One of your biggest fans: Icy
bruh hacksmith even starting to look like tony stark💀
why does he look like nick cage
Number eight would be nice.
Would love to see the mini nuclear reactor.
nah thats not how you look
I recognise so many of these projects
why does he look so different?
Maybe you guys could do the doc oc arm. You could look into how Apes move their tails. And you could make that into your tech arm
make a TF2 lvl 3 sentry Pleas
I think you should finish the Iron Man Flying Project. Yes, it has been done by others but it hasn't been perfected by you guys! Just like with your lightsabers, you didn't stop at just making one.. all of this time later and you're still perfecting it!
Since the winter soldier arm seems like it’s already being finished here is my list 1.) arc reactor. making a small reactor that could power a small electrolyzer like Alex labs to power a small repulsor would be awesome 2.) doc oc arms. The arms support themselves. if you ever watch doc oc move the arms walk behind him so the weight isn’t going through him.  3.) flying like iron man of course. The more people trying this, the more innovations will happen.   With that being said, good luck on whatever projects you decide to do. I hope your mental health is improving. Thanks for all the amazing content
i know that the spider mech is not in this list but i would love to see it finished like i know it can be done
you look different you look good tho
9:04 he also made doctor octopus arms
He's looking so healthy!
Nice beard
Ironically, if you had beeen wearing the winter soldier arm, your hand might’ve not broke
Doc Oc arms! Always Doc Oc arms..
is his face a deepfake?
I think most of these projects are possible, they just need looked at differently. Reminds me mythbusters giving up early.   I think you could get doctor octo working, using different systems for lifting objects.  And for dodgeball you should use real, foam, dodge balls, have the machine pick them up and load them, it should be easier to shoot the real balls and maybe by using a slingshot instead of rollers
Is this AI James? Looks off :P
2:17, the Cyber truck really makes you wonder 🤔
Is this deepfake?
The guy who does not looks like who he claims to be. Did anybody notice this!!!
thats not james that jameson
I liked the Batarang project.
Inspector gadget number 2 pleaseeee
Does that seem deepfake of have i gone mad?
glad hes feeling better😁
great to see you back james
im super happy when they upload
Ark reactor
Im worried 1 day you will be the first villain hahaha
I am watching your video from class 9th now I'm in college love from India
Bro what's wrong with your face.  Bruhhhh.
Keep up the good work!
Doktor Oc
Bro looks like keanu reeves
i think im gay
its good that hes back but why does he look like thay
I ❤ calli! She's awesome
i liked the old facility better :(
IRON MAN DUDE MAKE IRON MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
y do i feel weird seeing his face
I can see why you're putting it out to vote...not sure any of them particularly get me overly excited.  I like the idea of you guys developing some sort of ruggedised material/protective system that could be lightweight and stand up to a multitude of different punishments though.  Maybe get into mixing fibreglass with ceramic powders and Kevlar strands or something.  Also, experimenting with substances such as Inconel 718 for example.
0:12 HUH. Hjesus, just reading its a dye made me calm down but god. That is... disturbing
Depression.
bro is captain America
Tony in real life:
Man is looking hella good
Arc reactor!
Sooo he just decided to turn into the bad guy in Die Hard?
Looking good Boss, the Gadget Copter... Holy crap, that made me feel like an eight year old!
Okay but who is this black beard guy?
Glad to see the channel is doing more videos. I hope James isn’t having too much trouble with his mental health. I’m also glad the Pocket Saber is coming back to the store!
Hope you feel better and keep up the amazing videos!👍
Is it just me or james look like a vampire
Man i LOVE the new look! Beard looks amazing. John Wick and Hans Grubers lovechild (in the best ways!)
I'd like to see more of the Doc Ock arms. If you go with the comic version that is on the sides rather than on the back, it helps with the balance issue!
Donny looks like giga chad
Man wen from normal looking kinda  like Iron Man to looking like futuristic Iron Man
btw u guys have made cool plasma stuff...so what about "fazed plasma rifle" from the terminator future war, and make it cut through metal to terminate terminators!
I think the black widow taser gauntlet would be a cool project to see, but maybe something more along the lines of a projectile firing gauntlet.
They really thought making  A nuclear reactor 😮
ferrofluid one for sure!
*first time seeing James in the video* Me: *thats f*cking Tony Stark*
Love to see you back man. Been watching you since middle school and now I’m a 2nd yr college student. Love your content
Bro lookin like John wick for the next movie
Two questions 1: so are you ever gonna revisit the arc reactor? 2: I thought you did upload the winter soldier arm video? What was changed?
what happen to his face??
Anyone else prefer it when all vids were free and not hidden behind a pay wall called YouTube membership? 😑
I swear he looks more and more like Robert DJ every time I see him
So going back to the winter soldier arm, i think you guys should make the power fist from Fallout game series
Bru you can act for a new iron man movie…nice beard😊😊
Damn lookin GOOD
Go go gadget!
dude looks like john wick
Doc Oc arms would be so amazing thooooo I understand why the project was stopped, but stillll
Looking good James!
Is this video deepfaked?
watchmojo moment
I would like to see iron man like flying
Would love to see these videos, even if the project failed. Maybe there could be a new series for project fails, I know it sounds bad but it would still be cool to see.   Also the beard looks magnificent
Arc reactor
I would love to see the Dr. Octopus Arms revisited!
The projects are super awesome and all of you guys and gals are super awesome, BUT HOW ARE YOU DOING ? Not to long ago, you were having some mental health problems and that's nothing to take lightly. I hope you're doing better.
Did you guys try to make a wave motion gun or was I seeing things?
Go go Hacksmith helicopter!
i want you to take you lightsaber and turn it into a kylo ren plasma saber
Cool to see James!! Hope he is well!  😁 Super awesome projects!!
bro looks like wolverine now
Defiantly the Jet Engine Umbrella for me, the concept is unique and will fulfill a lot of peoples childhood wishes.
Is it just me or does james's beard to look darker
They all look great maybe you should try to make airbending irl
11 or 1
Hoooooooooooooolyy cooooooooooow  what in the name of sweet baby Jesus!
0:42 seconds looks like troll faces origin story
He looks different
Can you please make doc pick arms
i would love to see the inspector gadget hat, i feel like you could improve reliability with some work. keep it up james!
Cool hair
You guys are such an inspiration, help going at guys I think you should continue on trying to make like invincibility for punching stuff by the way
Why does he look so different
Get Nile red for the venom project
I think is amazing that Jlaservideo has gotten to the hack Smiths level now after seeing where he started!
That Winter Soldier arm sounds really cool!
James looks way different he looks older yet younger he's looking better than ever I wish the best of wishes to the hacksmisth team
why he looks weird?
Is that a cyber truck that lands on inspector gadget
Dude!!! You are looking good these days. I think it shows you are still in the game and going strong.!!!! one of my favorite tubes
I would vote for the Winter Soldier arm.  It's like 90% done anyway.
Really want to see the dodgeball launcher finished!
You look great James. Glad to see you in this video.
that is to say the blade, the flying hook of the armband and the dart system?? because if making fictional artifacts into reality that in my opinion is a good challenge since I have confidence in you
Yay David Hahn
do you think you can do the hidden blade of the game assassin's creed syndicate???
Please make aot grapplers
And ironman's Arc reactor
Please test the winter Soldier arm
7 , 1 and 2 would be Cool
Hey, where's the Old guy
So glad to see this man back. I hope I hope your situation is getting better.
Finish the heli-hat!
or a car like the avtr from mercedes
or you could also make a flying vehicel like the jetson 1 just better with more manuver
can you please combine everything that you made from iron man and make aflying iron man suite with the helmet and the blaster and also with an ai in your helmet that you can see
1
Wtf happened to his hair
Arc reactor is good idea but risky, we dont need another mini chernobyl. So good luck
Why he look like John wick
Dodgeball robot would be great or maybe the dexter Laboratory version XD
Finishing the arc reactor would be insane!
You're looking so much like Hugh Jackman with that hairdye, time to bust out the claws 😂💪
Young count Dooku
8 or 10
Great video, I do gotta say that the hair dye makes you look like you were generated by some AI^^ I might have been influenced by the current hype for AI but that's the feel I got from the first second of the video ^^ hahah
please continue Iron Man flying.
Hes starting to look like Tony stark more and more
James you look different
The electric punch would work better if you fed some leads to the front of a glove then punched would work better.❤
you look a little like Penguinz0
he looking like keanu reeves
Oh god hes becoming tony stark
We ablsoultely need flying like Iron Man to come back, its the series that I found you guys with!
who?are?you?
Make the wildwood punisher from trigun
What’s wrong with your hair
Good to see James back
we have already seen the tasers...
i wanna see the gaint gummy bear  (yeah you made a video about it but you asked to vote what you should finish and this was in the list so it should count)
Love to see u back Hope ur ok  Lots of love and prayers
Definitely re try to dodge ball robot.  Dont use a cannon. Use a softball launcher.  Ya know with 2 spinning disks so launch stuff.
Dude they changed him to a clone
Plastic surgery or Botox or what?
Maybe you should make a clicker suit with sounds from the last of us also , great job keep up the good videos!😊
Mantis blades?
(10 fails)
James looks like Chris evans and rdj
He is so different
I definitely think you guys should finish the bionic arm!! And maybe revisit doc ock as well!!
I’m glad to see your doing better
Por favor se los pido 🙏 cancelen el doblaje del 7:29, es malísimo   Please, I beg you 🙏 cancel the dubbing at 7:29, it's terrible
I think doc oc arms would be super cool
2:19 has anyone ever told you kinda look like wolverine
#9
man the dyed look is tripping me out, looks good, I'm just not used to seeing him with a dark beard lol
You should invent a hair dye that isn't noticeable on camera.
One Stage back of the Iron Man like flying would be an Jumpkit from Titanfall its basically two Turbins on you back which produce  thrust for an Double jump and wallrunning
I'll test that arm for you
You should get a military contract
Make riptide from Percy Jackson
So no more depreso expresso?
2:38 - if Hacksmith Industries ever get their own Icon Skin in Fortnite, I would not be surprised if this becomes the pickaxe, or the glider.
witer  soldier  arm
Why your face change
can make Kingsmen umbrella?
I want to See the miniaturized Nuclear reactor. that would be so awesome.
How'd they get wolverine to host??
Tbh something like a launchable taser would be really good since police tasers lack range
We love having you back James!
Hacksmith be having an awesome haircut
Glad to see James. I hope he continues to get better. I would love to see the Winter Soldier project. It's the safest and James could benefit from the additional protection during testing of other projects.
What happened dude u r face
A cancelled dococ project? An upcoming collab with a bionics company? I think we all want to see a 4 handed backpack.
What hell happened to his face😰😱
Why he look like wolverine now?
Finish the first one and try to make it look like Iron Man .🙂😀
Man you look different. Hope everything is okay
The winter solider hand would be the most easiest for you
nice job
JLaser also made black widow gauntlets
James looks like he combined with Keanu reeves
Man lookin like John wick
Why does he look like a boot leg Nicolas cage Edit: why did you dye your hair and were your eyes always blue?
You should tell your Canadian viewers that the Athletic Greens are in USD not CAD. The cost was $140 CAD to ship the starter kit to Vancouver.
doc ock arms
a yo why do you look like wolverine
Man is miraculous
You really look more and more like Tony Stark
james. did u do plastic surgery ? looking different mate
The Dodgeball idea is something you could collaborate with @stuffmadehere - he's great at that!
He genuinely looks like Abraham Lincoln. Love the new look!
Would love to see the winter soldier arm.
So everything at your store is just branded stuff from AliExpress?
MAKE A  movie or short film using all your gadgets
10 and 8 is worth something , The power loader was a BIG let-down
Injuries aren’t avoidable when leading this kind of life all we can hope is you receive the least amount possible
James is looking a lot beter hope you are feeling beter dude  all the best
👍
Not that secret when you post it here :/
Good！
You cloned him 😭
I LOVE the radioactive Boyscout reference. That's a real insider joke in the right subculture.
Day1:Can you make the predator's gaunglet?(it makes you invisible
Did you use keeps, cuz god damn your hair is thicker than I remember
Make a Hacksmith version of assassin's creed hidden blade.
For a second I thought AG 1 is part of there scraped projects 😅😂😂.
The return of the King!!!
I really don't like the hair dye
Man looks like robert downey jr and nickolas cage😂
What happened to his face???
Man, are U making a wolverine cosplay? Jeez u don't know, how glad I am to still see your face here after all this stuff. Take care and thanks for being here for us!
Can you please make the jar cannon from elden ring
Since when did John Wick run Hacksmith industries?
damn he look like john wick
Who is this maan:)))
Ark reacter
That does not look like James at all!
Bring back the taser
I want you to do the flyingeniør suit
cool, dual audio finally seeing someone using it
love your vids mate!
You look so different
really like the new hair, went from tony stark to dr. strange
Honestly, the bionic arm is the best one to continue
Who wants to see this man making daredevil weapon?
What has happened to James? He's starting to look like Superman villain
It's kinda embarrassing to read the comments and guesses about James' "new look" 😂 AI? A doppelganger? Lost weight? Botox? Plastic surgery? Nah kid, just good old regular hair dye.
Maybe a Piston for the dodgeball
Just sayin doctor octopus arms irl would be amazing just imagine
Great too see you back James hope your getting better much love
You guys just start some project and then realize they are hard to make and abandon them
I really want you to do all of them but my favourite must be doc oc arms pls do it.
I think the Black Widow gauntlet would be a great revisit, maybe roll back on the taster modules. Would make a great hidden self-defense weapon. Something like the galvaknuckles from Call of Duty
Why not just make the iron man mk1 it looks way more possible to make than the others
This was James!?! I couldn't even recognize him at first.
Always love to see hack smith videos, I would think the dodgeball robot would be cool, just make sure not to shoot it Mach 1
The power units on Voyager and Perseverance aren't really "nuclear generators," they just use the heat of radioactive decay. Usually "nuclear" refers to a process involving the nucleus of atoms. Which.... I guess yeah, radioactive decay does technically involve the nucleus of atoms, but.. you don't really do anything to them, which is the point. Anyway, AFAIK they are not typically called "nuclear" for that reason.
Man, I would love to see you guys finish the Doctor Octopus arms, the Venom symbiote, and the Winter Soldier arm!😃  Also, love your John Wick look, James!
I hope that company for the robot paid you anyway. You provided a product that fit their terms.
Please do iron man project
I am pretty sure Mark Rober would help you with the dogeball one. I mean Michael Reeves probably too but that would be... You know... I think you want it to acually work but it would be funny
bro looks exactly like hugh jackman
Is this actually James? He looks and sounds slightly different. Maybe it's just his improvement and short absence from my life.
Alternate reality Hacksmith
They're not kidding about the Hacksmith store.  The mini-saber and goggles are awesome and functional!  I use 'em in the prosthetics lab.
You guys don't need to successfully finish a project for it to be educational and entertaining. The journey, not necessarily the destination. Keep up the good work.
Can you make shadows hover shoes?
James looking more like Hugh Jackman than ever with that hair dye...
9
Huh. I'm surprised clients can just void a Contract that easily, because it wasn't what they wanted, down to the perfect minut detail.
I’d really like to see what you guys can do by combining some of your armour designs with your EXO suit designs to create a protective augmented suit that would be a pretty cool system
11
I think I would love to see the winter soldier armour completed most I have been attempting to replicate this using more easily sourced materials than titanium, but steel is bloody heavy
Guys why dont you make a series where ypu show your inventions in public and get their reactions🤔🤔🤔
9:47 i have a question. Would u not be able to use  high speed rotating belts like the ones used for launching footballs
Welcome back Hacksmith glad to see you back doing what you love.
Go for all of it on continuous journey, make you and your team happy while keeping us fans happy as well, keep up good work while continuing working on yourself, doing good bud!
Was that the hacksmith  he look so different hope he is recovering fast
is that james he kinda looks off
Hi love your videos I have an idea i think you should make a switch axe from monster hunter
Man u look great
I stopped watching for 3 months and you got plastic surgery????
Make a robot ai of your self
Plastic surgery? 🤨
Can you build perry the platypus is hovercraft
Snsja
hear me out...Doc Octopus arms may be too much for a human, but maybe as a power-loader attachment. You have the weight and the power systems already there...
Si aún estás interesado en volar.... Échale un ojo a los propulsores iónicos, puede que sea algo interesante en ese sentido.
When are we going to see a double sided lightsaber?
oh and you published the winter soldier arm a year ago, so it is NOT a valid bonus item.
👍
your stun gloves could be done a different way. you really blew the design... a stun gun in a case with a cable to run up the sleeve to a double layer insulated glove with metallic studs. It DOES work. I made a set in the early 90s using skate gloves... I do not recommend them. A hand held stun gun is more efficient and safer.
He looks different
Why does his beard look black
I love your beard!
You know with all the kids spreading crap at school, are we sure yet aren’t the source of the common cold?
Why does this look like an actor replaced hacksmith? Lol
Why he look like that
Venom? Hey wait a minute! Nobody asked about borrowing the black suit Shield won't even let me use it anymore. Dodgeball robot? If you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball
The hair dye doesn’t settle right with me
Why does he kind of look like the Abraham Lincoln animatronic at Disney world
James is looking alot better but the John wick hair is so cursed
Don't do the black widow bracelet. Do the electrocutioner gloves from batman arkham origins, bigger and not gravity based so you can use a switch instead
You're not flying like ironman until the jetpack is gone and you have propulsion from your feet to. Not possible for now so not possible
Why does this guy always look different?
Hope you're taking care of yourself bro! As an engineer, you are one of my favorite channels to watch after work just to unwind 🙏
James is looking great and very chad
Glad to see James back. Keep up the good work boys 👌
Why does it turn into Spanish?
James look likes a mix between Captain America and Wolverine
Sick
go back to winter soldier arm plz i wanna see more of that
awesome to see james back
Don't take this as an insult but you look like if captain America and John wick had a kid.
So glad to see you James
3:18 holy crap, please tell me he’s okay now???
good to the Sith himself in a video
Glad to see you back James
Doc oc plssssss , if yall could manage it it would be EPIC .
They was a artist on wired who makes ferro fluid sculptures maybe that could help with the venom project. He is called Eric Mesplé and his sculptures actually have lot of engineering
Was this done with AI?
FLYING LIKE IRON MAN!!!
Wait you diyed your hair?
Guys I missed you , I definitely want to be involved,  keep us up to date,
So glad to see you back!
I know how to possibly create working ODM gear, as it would be cool to revisit your AoT creations
You guys got me into engineering. Currently a freshman in highschool, made it to states with my robotics team, and am taking a lot of classes revolving around engineering. You are all so inspiring. Thanks
I want to see flight!! Finish the flying like iron man, BUT WITH THE ARC REACTOR
My man went from thor to Dr. Strange, and I'm all here for it. Journey of recovery and self-healing.
nice work !
we need real life inspector gadget hat bringes back memorys
Can you guys make a rick and morty laser blaster for no reason at all
9:40 I recognize that FRC architecture...  What team are they from?
My mom is an accountant for ag 1
Make an iron man suit without the flying, all the technology and it being able to come apart like it does in the movies
😊
Did Riley die?!
fun failures!
How did I miss the go go gadget hat…
How did he go from Thor to iron man?
how is this man so majestic
I'd like to see the Winter Soldier arm. Not only it sounds safe, but also useful
Love seeing these smaller or scrapped projects!! Please keep uploading these kinds of videos, a lot of us want to see the project work you guys are doing, even if it isn't an "EPIC UPDATE" every few months.
This may be sound super weird, but why do you look like Keanu Reeves?😂 More like a fusion of Keanu Reeves, and somebody else that is super weird
No offense or anything but why does he look like that, did he dye his beard?
It's fun to see how many times Iron Man is cited in this video It really shows how much money and how smart he was made in the movies and the comics to achieve such things basically alone
Idea: Maybe create a human-size robot, with working legs and arms with display on the head for calls and meetings or for remote work (by using vr tracking controllers on transmit side)
The inspector gadget would be a unique one, definitely dangerous.
is it just me or does he look different?
I think it would be awsome to maybe collab with JLaser to improve on his Iron Man flight system since he already has a pretty good head start. I do remember seeing the thumbnail for the winter soldier arm and being super excited because I fully expected you guys to invent a pattern made of actual metal sheets that would cover your arm while allowing you to move your arm around fairly fluidly, but the result was just a reinforced sleeve. Could be cool to revisit that one.
Is that wolverine?
I think it would’ve awesome to revisit the arc reactor
I would like to see the Doctor octopus one or the winter soldier one
did you dye something?
what happened to his hair and skin color, it looks like hes from middle east
7:23 - a guy named JLazer made a pair of working octopus arms that he controlled with his mind It was really cool
The dyed black Tony Stark beard is so distracting to me.
Well the inspector gadget helicopter is just an RC drone rite large. The umberalla is a parachute of a stripe that pops open LIKE an umbrella and slows your fall, though it would not be viable above a certain height as it would only be slowing the downward acceleration, though something with a tough enough structure, YIKEs.....   Work from home robot, they got what they asked for, instead go transformer to a minimal extent and have it "HIDE" as a mini cabinet/table when charging or some such? Gummy bears are for eating... or shooting with really big guns?🤔   Arc reactor, there is this really lovely blue glowing isotope, pretty, but also so able to irradiate the air to stupid degree making it stupid dangerous, to the point with a leak you do not just bury the substance, but the building it leaked in and everyone there... Let's not use that!😅 Instead A chemical reaction to make light you can use power to reverse?  OH, Tech Ingredients did a vid on a panel for cooling below ambient temperature.. (I wonder if you can make one that goes above, there is a pump on the system though)....then use them both like a battery for a thermal differential engine...   The Dc Oc arms would be a flexi armed mech that is carrying you, a little hard me thinks...  Not sure which I'd pick
an Ironman suit is cool, but personally I would find it much more interesting if you built a fully functional falcon suit that also allows you to fly horizontally  I'm from Germany and this was written with Google translator because my English is not very good😊
I would love to see a colab between you and Jlazervideo!
0:13 you look like John Wick
a real project  is that try to make your OWN turbo fan  from parts that u have or with the materials u buy
Keanu reves
what about the spider man web project?
his face is now wolverene
Did you try two opposite magnets in the vessel to suspend venom?
Is that you still or did you just put dye in your hair. Kinda threw me off.
Wpw is it even the same person
1 project
Why do you look like the Wolverine
do doc-oc but using elons neuralink
10 grand in jet engines attached to the end of a long pole??? Thats more a weapon than anything XD
Something is weird about hacksmith. He doesn't look like he normally does making me wonder if. This is aI generated video
James Wick is kinda disturbing 😂
Ark reaktor
love youre videoes, and youre hair cut:)
something is off with the dude
What happen to your face dude. Is it a mask.....😮
finish the umbrella. direct all thrust into a lightweight pipe with a step for your leg. then a parachute like on the top of it for control
The Arc reactor one is cool but understandably unreasonable. I too have thought about slapping a bunch into a small solar panel enclosure. I have a dozen or two vials on EDC stuff and camping gear. Just the stuff I that really matters. Bright enough to spot it in the dark but expensive af for tiny vials. If you want to source a legit specific color/size/amount it’s even worse!
Is it me, or does James look a bit different Like his whole face
He looks very different
Make Them All!!!!!
It looks like an AI generated version of himself, it's so weird
You look like Captain America and Iron man combined
Ngl You look like a younger Nick Cage
Could you make captain mills sonic rifle from 65. I think this would be a really cool doable project. Love your videos.
I think his look of a cross between Tony Stark and John Wick fits his character perfectly.
Maybe I’m stupid or I’m just not caught up, but does he look different???? Idk if it’s his hair color or what, but he looks so different.
I’m glad he’s doing okay
Dude is a legit cyborg since the baseball accident.
Plastic surgery???
I saw Jake laser’s iron man video. It was sick
What happened to your face
dodgeball launcher use a giant pitching machine
Is it just me or does he look like Nicolas Cage...
Why does he look like Luke cage!
intro man, who tf are you?
Why does James look like John Wick?
Bro dyed his hair now he looking like dollar store gigachad 💀
He looks edited
hacksmith brooo u changed a lot  yooooo😉😉😉
9:43 Yea I see the problem here. You're not using the right kind of dodgeball. I get that the typical ball everyone thinks of is the bouncy one that makes the funny noise, but the squishy foam ones are so much better to use and would be a lot easier for you guys to throw with a robot.
The day you develope a working 3th arm there will be a company painging millions for your plans and I will probably spend my live savings to get one...
12th on trending congrats 🎉
What happened to his face what happened
“We make real bionic arms capable of total destruction” great advertising for a prosthetics company.
why does he look so different?
OMG what happened to him?  he looks sooo old :(  [I hope they didn't addict him to psych meds they can permanently damage the brain chemistry.]
How are you coping with your mental health issues? I hope you're doing well.
I have not watched hacksmith In a while and wow James looks alot different
The arc reactor for sure
The beard looks edited on
definitely do the nuclear Arc reactor.
Flying like iron man prob the best other then the umbrella
Any ideas when the mini saber will be off back order?
am i the only on that thinks he looks AI generated on the video at the beginning??
2
11
How about making second version of the mini-saber? One you can mix and parts for your own price. Proper metal frame with plastic handles i can make from what ever material i choose later on would be nice. 45€ plus shipping and import taxes is bit high for essentially larger size bbq lighter made from plastic. Also couple butane tank sizes would be nice option depending on use. 5min flame time aint much if you go backpacking.
that black beard thoo
it would be awsome to finish the all the iron man projects
You look better man, keep up with the mental health progress!
You look good James. I hope you're doing better brother! Hacksmith is one of my favorite accidental discoveries on YouTube
Show us the cloning machine 😂
i hope not to be rude, but what happened to your face?? i think its the beard? or the mouth? but not sure since i haven't been able to watch the vids
why did you dye you hair?
Damn, James is looking good. Hope all is going well with these truly amazing people and that James is getting better.  It's always a long road, but all you can do is look ahead to the future. Happy making!
I lnow its a dificult an expensive Project, but i would like to see a Powerloader style prawn suit from subnautic. I think it would be so cool and quite diferent as well
I would vote for either Iron man's Jet engines or winter soldier's arm
What the hell happened to his face😳
11
Dude looks like Alan Rickman's Hans Gruber.
Wouldn't the suit work in space if they used Ion thruster?
Looking very sharp James.  Hope you're doing better.
do the winter soilder arm
merry Poppins umbrella
Try to finish the ability to fly like iron man
I think revisiting the arc reactor would be nice!
Why does...James not look right? Something about his face doesn't look correct, I cant put my finger on it thought
I would love to see all of them 🤣
Yo havksmith looks like hot Squidward now
0:25 holy shit. Bro. You look so different. Not in a bad way, but woahh
meh
looking good James! so glad to see you back! we're all rooting for you guys!
Is the presenter "James"?
Make a gunbrella that you cqn use to glide of  a roof.
Fist of all I have been watching since the Batman gaghets video
PLEASE MAKE BIGGEST JECOB LEDDER 👈 MY DREAM ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
PLEASE MAKE BIGGEST JECOB LEDDER 👈 MY DREAM ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
PLEASE MAKE BIGGEST JECOB LEDDER 👈 MY DREAM ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
What happend to your hair
That work from home robot looks exactly like a DOC BROWN invention! it LOOKS EXACTLY like it was made with scrap metal from the junk yard hence the DeLorean Time Machine. The robot fits the theme perfectly, you gave them exact what they asked for how did they not like that
The human augments; The Doc Oc or Buckey arms The idea of repair, replace, and enhance. The tech in these kinds of things would require the neural tapping or interface, as well as powerful hardware.
Love your style. Happy to see that you are better than before. Hope we will be able to see those projets come to life
What's happened to him? He looks so different than few years ago?
most likely the flying suit
He looks so different, it’s kinda weird. But I hope he’s doing well
Is it just me or anyone have notice something different in his face?
Is that his brother or actually him with dye?
im still on the flying like iron man as a favoret  becase while others alredy have that dosnt mean we should not be robbed of seing how they would do it
No. 11 pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
You guys should collab with make Robert
Great video, 👍
0:23  and the hell are you ???!!
Please finish the black widow gauntlets. So cool.
I would like to the the Doc. Octopus arms finished. I always think of that Tesla snake charger prototype and think that it must be possible
Need to see that umbrella
Glad to see York still making videos.
The dodgeball machine sounds awesome!   You should look into collaborating with “stuff made here”!
Bro what is your education how you learn This  stuff
JLazervideo is my fav YouTuber Inventor
I would love to see winter soldier arm and the arc reactor
#2 is dangriously deadly inspector gadget is a while robot so it's make sense for him
I would love to see the arm(11) it seems awesome
Man, they changed my boy hacksmith
I think there is only one correct answer. Full Ironman suit.
I know a lot of comments are about this, but James is looking well; it seems the break has been doing him a world of good. Looking forward to seeing him in the John Wick video that's been teased.   Also, as cool as the projects in this video would be, most of them I don't want you do so just because I like you all alive and around to make cool stuff reality, so maybe the 'junk' telepresense robot ;) maybe the Winter Soldier arm, since that seems more like something that'd protect you than harm you...hopefully :D   Also, picked up the mini-saber, tape measure, and a few pens from your store, and I love them. Other than some difficulties getting hold of quality butane (went for the best I could but it still doesn't meet the spec), they're awesome. Even with lower quality butane than recommended (and if I have to replace the mini-saber in the future because of that, so be it; it's awesome enough that it'd be worth it!)
Finishe the winter soldier arm or arc reactor
The nuclear battery is intresting. It might be possible with Am²⁴¹ which is not very dangerous couse of the alpha radiation that can't go trough paper. And the Am²⁴¹ is used in ionizing fire alarms so its kinda available for us to buy. You could maybe use something like peltier elements to convert the heat of the alpha radiation into electricity.
the selfhumility-humor is great 😂
tough projects. interesting you tried!
11 seems cool
I hope you will collaborate with David Hewlett and create some awesome STARGATE project
hey man, so glad to see you have gotten better with your mental health hurdles, my uncle went thru similar, so respect to you for getting yourself better. u look great too!!!!
Woah, these are all sick!!! Also quick question, if I wanted to make cool stuff like this, what kind of engineering should I try to learn? Please and thank you!
all the things you guys do are amazing! keep going. it just occurred to me....james might actually make a good wolverine!
My man become john wick!!! Thanks for the amazing content!
Real ironman
tysm for saying support my immune system not boost it😭
My man be looking kinda different
He doesnt look like James. But yet he does...wtf is happening
I'm so glad you're doing better😊😊🎉
Why do you look so different
If you like Hacksmith Industries like this comment
Bro your eyes look dead inside, mebe check out religion?
Why does james look odd and cgi like ?
Great to see you James.
Are we not gonna talk about how Hacksmith's face looks different!?!? I can't point out what changed but something definitely did.
James looking more like Tony Stark than ever before. If this is his superpower to solving his mental health then we're all going to have a very good time.
For your gadget haticopter, mark rober has a cool video out about drones and one of them has nearly silent propellers. It may be something to look into
Something's off with his face...
feel like ive seen some of these, have they been teased and i dont remember
When I get my engineering degrees can I work for you I’m 15 almost 16
Hi I love to Volunteer to try out the arm for ur company
He got the nicetanium 😏
Is the retractabit ratcheting?
Dr octopus arms please
Just for Men hair dye is doing work here
Go nuclear forget the rest go freaking NUCLEAR!!!
Imagine if Mark Rober worked with them
I'm hyped for the bionic limb project! ...if us, regular subscriber plebs, get to see it that is... :/
There is another unfinished project that you have not talked about in here, the exoskeleton. That was the one that made me come here and I really would love to see you bring it back and upgrade it.
What happened to James' face? Why does he look different? Or is it just me? Or I'm missing something? Haven't watched any videos recently. Maybe something went something.
W*
W
Penguin umbrella
Stuff Made Here definitely could help make #10 a reality
Thankful that you are all still alive!
For the dodgeball robot, Stuff Made Here has your back. Guaranteed.
Is John, I mean James, really thinking of coming back?
Great to see you back in a video James, hope you are doing well
8 and 11 can you please finish these
Number one would be awesome
Is it just me or james looks different? VERY DIFFERENT
Is it just me or does James look different.
What happened to Jame's face.
Man, I thought the stuff that you guys actually released was dangerous but the taser bracelet and radioactive arc reactor take the cake
what happend to your facial hair, did it change colors? (i havent watched your channel for a couple of years when you were called the hacksmith, so i dont know what happened)
Okay I want you guys to make a sword that has the hand guard as a blade. So when you aim it down and push a button to unlock the hand guard there's a second one but a smaller and that biger one turns into an axe
One day you'll achieve flight
Flying like iron man is what brought me here. It must be finished.
How do you get a membership
all hail the hacksmith
Why is Keanu Reeves hosting Hacksmith and why does he sounds like James?
He has rally chance
4
try and make the tron bike please
bring back iron man
Every time the tall super skinny dude comes on, I think there is terrible news.
Yes the hacksmith is back
These people really could be IRL Gotham Knight’s
Look at this guy,  you look a million bucks ! I Hope you feel better you Will get there !! I Watch you guys Since you strapt  rockets to your arms keep ik up ( and healthy)
is it just me or or hack smith looks very differnte like it is a diff men
Is it just me or does James look so different but it’s a good different
Hey John hahah get it because you look like jone wick
I mentioned this before, but if you are making some thing with a company that helps create bionic arms, you’ve gotta convince them to make a real life RoboCop.
you guys should create the girls leg from kingsmen
You should do number one
You are not James!
11
good video
If you, haven't already, could you show the finished winter soldier suit plus arm?
The umbrella was more of a weapon. Imagine launching it at someone.😂
What happened to mr beast video? Also why do you look like tony stark
Alternate title: "Hacksmith exposes Hacksmith" 😂😂
Please keep going with these awesome projects. That arc reactor would be cool to see finished. Maybe you can buy scrap parts of rolex watches that have tritium in them, and then use that to create an arc reactor?
Keanu Hobson/James Reeves John Hobson/James Wick  Yeah James Wick goes hard.  Edit: Hope you're doing well man, looking fresh!! :D
The black hair looks good
James now looks like Alan Rickman, known for films like Die Hard and the Harry Potter Franchise
Has he done a plastic surgery.. i mean what happened to his face
I thought Athletic Greens was just another one of those fad diet scams with no evidence to suggest it’s anything other than pseudo-science and sophistry? I’m kinda disappointed to see you guys taking on sponsors who are essentially ripping people off 😕
top 10garbage except the first
I’m just glad they tried the doc ock arms. I’m actually working on a pair of arms my self! Godspeed hacksmith team!
What happed to giving Hafpor bjornsson the tungsten Thor hammer?
Can you rework the electric gauntlets to electro knuckles
I wanna work for you
I just came back to watching his vids after so long and WHO IN THE CINIMON TOAST F***K IS THIS GUY
This was awesome to see James back in a full length video. Stay strong guys and always keep pushing what is possible, the dream of having a real life stark industries is still possible as long as you chaps keep forging forward. Can't wait to see what's next
You not look like hacksmith
The doc ock arms could have some supports that stretch to the ground before the arms do to help you, well, support them.
Arc Reactor way to go 🔥
Amazing new look 😊
Make the doctor octopus one
Hundred percent do the Bucky arm
Stuff made here and the dodge ball machine!!
You should do the iron man but try to make it affordable for commercial use
Dawg you look like a vampire your a good lookin guy you don’t need to try to look younger because old doesn’t mean ugly
These new uploads are making me so happy, so glad to see you are in high spirits and good health!
A battle bot and then enter a tournament
James lookin chad
Is it just me or does he look…different?
Electric skateboard Testing ?
Why he look like that
Always a good day when the Hacksmith uploads.
now James will be able to pick up the Thor's hammer without a ring!
Why does James look different- he looks like he looks he got the biggest glow-up of the century
That jet back is shit, iron man doesn’t work like that
The more I watch these videos, the more I realize Hacksmith is aptly named.
What happened to ur face???
Number eight
James looking FRESH!! Hell yeah. Cool to see all these projects.
This is so unreal but real
ARC REACTOR
I think it would be cool to see hacksmiths do a series on protection instead of offence or utility like imagine the protective suit from powerless that inflates to stop a punch or some sort of carbon steal outfits that the hacksmiths can wear while testing other projects to keep them safe
No way Venom is my favorite character to
If I had to say one to either continue or improve on, I would either say flying like Iron man or working on making an even more improved winter soldier's arm, of course after you test the one your currently have if you even still have it.
my guy out here lookin like a budget keanu reeves but in a really really good way
bro looks like Wolverine omfg
Damn your looking good!
Considering the tritium "reactor" is literally just for aesthetics and the Doc Ock arms apparently have basically inescapable density issues, my vote would be for the taser gauntlets or the Winter Soldier arm.
Make it real
Is James's face being deep faked?
James is back!!! Thanks for the mentions 🫡 indeed will not be doing more Venom any time soon
Why does James look so different?
Iron man 100% needs to be done
Love all the Ideas, also, nice beard
What if ypu used fero fluid as a way to manipulate other stuff instead of using it as a source or operating
11 or 8
I love hacksmith ive recently ordered a mini saber but you do look a lot slimmer sorry if it sounds bad but im very honest. I love the content from you and the team you have i always want mpre i support your team a lot i hope you get ypur mental state to a better condition we all go through ups and downs but i know ypu don't know me and i don't know you but i want you tp be happy from man to man
It's matrix James😂
Love it
Awesome vid love the new look
The dodge ball machine needs some adjustments on the rotors it should look like an inside barrel of a pistol for a aerodynamic throw like how they throw those footballs it should be spinning
Why does he look like John wick lol
Id love to see the Air Umbrella actually work
You deserve a TV show
Spray tan with the black beard 💀
I would like to see the dodgeball robot. However, the other option than spinning is pressure, which would take a pretty long time to charge.
You're looking great James nice progress
This vote is brought to you by the letter D—Doc Oc arms or Dodge Ball Launcher are my votes.   You built a baseball launcher a few years ago. What if you you used multiple sets of spinning wheels to accelerate the dodge ball?
Who is that? Doesn't look like Hacksmith to me?!😥
Lookin good Mr stark!
SO good to see you back, James. Thank you for making positive mental health a priority and helping to make it a norm. I can't wait to see what lies ahead.
Bro not trying to be mean but why he looks like that
The Arm!!!!!
Anyone else think he kinda looks like Tony Stark now?
Doc Oct Arms.
Winter Soldier arm...... Lesssssssgoooooooooo😮
He looks more like tony he's soon gonna be the man of iron
Frankly I'm surprised some of these projects ever got the go ahead. I guess they really are swinging for the fences on some of their projects.
James doesn't look like James. Gotta be some ai or motion capture going on here
James what 😢 happend to your face
I just want you guys to know that the Marvel Studios Iron Man movie is being advertised right underneath your video on my phone. I think it is amazingly appropriate.
The tridium chest battery haha would be awesome for you to finish or the doc oc arms
The recreation of flying Iron Man suit and collaborating with Gravity Industries and JLaservideo would be dope. Also I wanna see Hacksmith Industries build a 250lbs Robot Combat that will destroy anything on its path and then joining Battlebots and other competitions.
Damn he looks so different doesnt he?
Why he look so different
Could you finish the arc reactor please
DUDE HE TURNED INTO TONY STARK
You guys are awesome!! Don't ever stop.
Hey it's Nate From the Internet! 3:14
Why your face look different....
Does anyone else notice that James looks different
You need to collab with Jlaser!
He looks different Is that a deepfake of James?
He looks a tad different
bro looks completely different
Dude, the winter soldier arm project would have just been the coolest cast for a broken arm ever created!  You could have repurposed it to be the cast for your arm!  (I know that using it for an actual broken bone is not the best idea bc it might not work, but it would have been cool to see you walking around with the winter soldier's arm on you!)
dark James
Crazy how just the hair color makes you look completely different
0:20 wolverine intern??
As soon as he said tritium I was like precious tritium 😂
E
Love to see james back .
So he's wolverine now Neat
Why do you not look like you I’m confused love the bud tho
Wait what happened to your face and your eyes ? They were brown right?
James took some time off and came back Chad Kroeger!
🔥
What happened to his face
Is it just me or James looks a bit different??
Is it just me or does James look a little different?
Why you look different 😰
1:17 Keanu Reeves
Why did you dye your hair black
so uhhhhhhh where's Riley now...
I discovered this channel bc of the flying like iron man series, and even though it's a bit sad we didn't end up with a fully working suit I'm glad I stayed for the awesome projects and team
Hello
LightSaber Cheese Knife lol
I hope you're doing well, but the hair dye makes you look mean D:
I really want to see if you can make nanotechnology.
Hes turning into Tony stark. I'm thinking an Ironman development is on the way?
Why do you look so different
Love you all gents, thanks for everything you you do. Stay strong, don't falter and continue your ominous march forward. ❤💪
The spider mech tho and dock oc
Do the winter soldier arm
Does anyone else notice that he dyed his hair black
How is Riley doing?
cool inventions!
The dodgeball cannon definitely needs to be powered by high speed fly wheels sort of like a baseball or tennis ball launcher not compressed air. That way you can have a tubular magazine on top for rapid fire
what is this company making bionic limbs and how do I apply for an internship?
Would oove to see iron man!
what happened to the dude who picked up the tazer wrong?
Doc oc sounds awesome although to get there seems slim
speed
James with a black beard and hair just looks like a super villain
You really look like a unique Tony Stark I couldn't keep my eyes of that perfectly shaped beard.
The yellow line on the advertisement is the best part.
Bro why his face look different
I NEED the winter soldier arm to be tested
You should finish the Doctor octopus project that would be amazing
Seeing these scrapped projects is so cool! It gives me insight into how much work you do for something that sometimes doesn't even work. Keep it up guys, loving the content lately
Yo James looking drippp with that beard
I love the beard, keep up the good work guys!
These are epic!
you gotta just upload them all
Hacksmith *dyes beard to look like tony stark* 😂
I'd love to see the dodgeball robot come to reality.
Cool video Great to see you awesome beard 🙂
A doc oc suit would be awesome
i like the dodgeball robot idea
I see that John Wick beard cut! 😉
5:50  reminds me of a giant bronze kettle, thei found in a ship grave, in Germany. It was so big, the math shoud it couldn't be filled, without bursting into scrap.  So it was purely decorative...in a grave...  xD
Iron man
This moment when you realize that someone else had the sam idea like you. Mmmmmmm dammmmeeeee!
Is it possible to make a voice changer that’s handheld but utilizes ai voices/deepfakes?
That doesnt even look like James, hope ur doing well man.
Yes please make the go go gadget
I think that you should do the go go gadget copter...
Woah does his face look different? Or is it just the beard
Woah James face cought me off guard. Love to him him back though keep it up and stay safe
I found it kinda crummy that the one sponsor pulled out after you did literally what they asked.
cool doppelganger i think his beard looks a little better. just the facts🫤
Can someone explain to me why his face developed to a giga chad face?
That umbrella also burn your handd
Great video!
Finish the dodgeball robot!
Do the doc oc arms
looking very wolverine
who da heck is that?
If I had to choose one:     Yes.
im glad to see hes doing better.
he looks way different
NUMBER 11
I think it would be interesting to make a BatSuit, my reasoning on this is the challenge of making the suit durable enough to face the worst of things that can happen to it, but also lightweight for Batman to be able to fight and do things freely. Oh and also it look really cool lol.
Black hair looks soooooo good on you
Is James a deepfake in this video?
Make what ever one james wants fuck the fans good to see him in a video
I wonder if an AGNI/Lynch high power DC axial flux motor would be suitable for your Inspector Gadget portable helicopter? You can push them to approximately 50hp and 5000rpm, large pancake style that weighs about 25 lbs.  It might be outdated by now...
Wolverine?
For the dodgeball machine, look to the FIRST games. Might give some ideas.
I have always loved watching your videos they are simply the best I think you should revisit the halo gun and try to improve that because as we saw it wasn’t very useful and could use a lot of improvement other than that keep up the good work
Why do u look differnt
soooooooooooo cool
jlaser  made swinging spiderman shooters
I LOVE GO GO GADGET!!!!
This is Billy Mays from oxy-clean!!! 😂😂😂
all the iron man teck
Is that James!? It looks like a clone!!
Soldier arm
Is that the hacksmith or Keanu Reeves
i havent seen these guys in  some time, and this guy looks like wolverine! also, what yall do i awesome! have a great life :)
When did his hair turn black?
does james look... different?
Holy cow! You must make bank if you can afford child care for your toddler! 😯 Great Projects though!😄
maybe at the time of the shock gauntlet was being made they were at the king of random but Nate and Callie are no longer at TKOR
Imagine Boston Dynamics X Hacksmith Industries, that would be awesome
Winter soldier arm or Dr. Octopus arms
Just as a stupid idea how about a Real powerarmor from fallout
A non-complete project is a project open to future ideas, critique, science, and more. The sky's the limit.
Number 7, bring the ARC Reactor to life!
hard to belive ive been watching your channel sense u were making the exo suit
E
I wonder if it's possible to shoot an electric projectile from your wrist.
Am I the only one who thought that james looks like a completely different person in this video
❤
Nice to see you back in the driving seat of a video. Hope you're doing better.
bro is looking extra majestic today
Noice
James looks like a different person
Please please please finish the Dr octopus project!!!
What happened to your face  I don’t mean this in a bad way but it looks way different
Bro what is this video, he looks like a deepfake and the style is so outdated
Number 7 Though number 6 would also be awesome
For the dodge ball machine, y'all didn't try just upscaling a nerf rival blaster with a hooper-flywheel system?
Nobody can stop James  The real tony stark
VENOM-LIKE SYMBYOTE TUBE !!! Or the Winter Soldier Arm.. i would buy either
I’d forgotten about the winter soldier arm, hopefully you can test it one day!
WHERE'S JAMES WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HIM
Hacksmith looks heaps different
I love James's new look I hope he's mental health is better
did he die his hair?
im for the venom project ❤
Sick haircut
James how the hell do you look more like a comic accurate tony stark than rdj , holy shit thats cool
showing my age here... my vote is for GO GO GADGET HELICOPTER
Did he get plastic surgery?
Wow that is a super dark shade dye your using on your hair!
Number 1 was my favorite
Myman looking fire  I like his new look And i hope he is getting better
Hope you're good
Would love to see you go back to the old exo suit and update it considering where exo suits are currently in development. (Would also love to see you collab with Intstalation 00 on his Mjonir and ODST projects)
He looks so different now
Is it just me or did James get Plastic Surgery? 🤔
dogge ball machine
Hope you doin alright man
TBH it looks like they took Ian and deepfaked it, same ring on pinky, same thumb shape, same chest hair growth direction, same shoulder shape, same gestures.
I have seen most of these witch is crazy
He looks different
You should end with what you began, Jet pack project.
Good to see you being better
That's a mistakeø
Is there a hair dye your recomend?
looking bit weird dude
He looks so different hope he’s doing good
Doesn't even look like James.
💞💞💞
this looks amazing
you look different hmmm
the unbeatable dodge ball thrower would be better if you just scrap the cannon idea and launch it like a tennis ball launcher   would be cool to see it rapid fire too lol
Who had the BSA uniform in the radioactive dump?
Please get the brown hair back. The black hair makes you look like an ai generated hacksmith and it’s really unsettling.
Wtf happen to your face
Black widow taser gauntlet definitely
DO THE TRITIUMMMM
is this your normal hair color or did you dye it? if not i kinda thought you were a different person   kinda miss the longish beard   but if you wear a long wig ya could totally rock a john wick   hope we see the winter soldier project tho   would be awesome if ya maybe put some hydraulics for added force   and maybe some more back support so users could have more strength
that arc reactor project would be awesome to see it finished
Is it me or does he look like jhon wick with out the long hair.
lol. Use atleast a guy that really uses that nutritious drink.
Do the dock ock arms or the ball lancher
When did you grow up? Beard up? Hmm...
Hacksmith be looking generic
FOR THELOVE OF GOD THE GO GO GADGET THING
pls do an umbrela
Why don't you guys try wireless charging pad to charge all devices at once like apple planned  but couldn't execute
I swear the Winter soldier I was on the main channel but turns out it was only for members
Man's looking like wolverine
Wow you look different did you get a haircut?
Hacksmith looking AI generated
Strange seeing you with darker hair overall, almost look like a different guy! Hope you’re feeling good my dude, Hacksmith is one of my favourite channels I’ll always be watching
Helicopter hat / Jet Umbrella,  Even if both attached to your back as a backpack would be pretty cool to see.  And the winter solder arm mod seems inline with the Hacksmith brand and would be cool to see!
The doc oc arms could work just put the power supply mounted to the front to counter balance the arms maybe a weight vest or something like it
Is that him??? Looks like a look alike or cgi
Beskar's worst nightmare... A GUMMY BEAR!!! (Insert flaming elmo)
His face is so different
Is it only me that thinks his generated by ai ? 😂
Is this him?
Could you guys make actua working odm gear
god damn that's a nice beard
Dude, lose the Just For Men.
Dude looks like Chris Evans cosplaying as Wolverine.
Asks for a robot made of junk Gets mad when the robot is made of junk. I think they just realized they couldn’t afford the sponsorship
Just make your own miniature fusion reactor with that tritium
I would love to see the winter soldier arm or the dodge ball robot.
No
Man got a glowup wtf
Of those 11, the two that stand out to me and I really want to see where the arc reactor and winter soldiers arm. If you could ever finish these (well with a little bit of extra cash for the arc) that would be awesome!
The 2 main hacksmith guys just look more and more like rich, elite, lizard people with every vidro
Try flying with ion thrusters
James, you're looking good brother.
Such a weird combo of wolverine and captain america. I am here for it.
Bro that face lift xD
Welcome back 💪 ❤️‍🔥
Did James get Queer Eyed?!
I'm very curious to know what the most dangerous project that DID get made would be.
Honestly any exo skeleton projects would be fun.  Especially if you can make it armor...... Powerarmor from fallout?  Yea?  High strength modification negating fall damage?  Cmon if anyone can do it.  Hacksmith you guys can do it!!!!
James look so different 🔥🔥🙌🏻
An idea: revisit the umbrella idea, but instead of using jet engines, use a propeller. The goal of slowing and stabilizing descent is much more reasonable than achieving controllable flight like with the inspector gadget hat. Would also be cool if you could use some of the silent propeller blade designs as we see in some new drones.
Inspector gadget helicopter
Am I the only one who is worried after he said, and were collaborating with someone who makes bionic arms that can do some real destruction what are you planning?
The hack smith looks different does he have a double up taking his place because of the recent events?
what happened to james' face
The internet is full of crazy projects and inventions, only you can prove if they are feasible or not  Just like myth busters, but feasible and applicable or not 👌🏻 Forgot to mention, nice look Tony Stark 🤩
You’re the last person to need Plastic surgery
Wow.... darkened his hair right up.
I would love doc ock arms ngl
Ayy glad to see James back! Hope he's doing well!
Emm, great projects. Very scary
It’s good to see James back, but is he the real James?
Winter Soldier for sure. If you guys could work to make combat prosthetics for soldiers or even just more sophisticated prosthetics for the civilian market, closer possibly to Luke Skywalker's from Star Wars, I think that would be awesome!
Man, I barely recognised James!
The black died hair looks so bad!
I think the Taser gloves would be the easiest and fastest to complete but I'd love to see the helicopter hat, that was one of my favourite shows growing up!
I kind of just want to see a video on all the projects they rejected because they thought it was too dangerous to even bother trying. Like what's the scrapped idea bin really look like
When you see another video from Hacksmith Industries 10:32
james has become tony stark. niceee
keanu? is that you?
Or go gadget
It would be nice to see the venom project finished
Doctor octopusssss
who in the pajamas is that weird black haird guy?????? 0:21
Number 9 would be cool
hell yeah James go like a champ
What is going on here .? That isn't The Hacksmith .... Looks like some dodgy lookalike...or your using AI....?
James, glad your back hope all is well.. you look good kinda like a cross between wolverine and Tony stark. Lol. Good look...
If I had to choose which project to continue, I’d choose the Winter Soldier arm.
Is it me or in this vid dose James look different maby I just the dyed hair that's throwing me
I want to see a nuclear reactor,
When I first saw Jame all I heard in my head was "good eveving Mr. Wick."
Continue number 8
A litel twist on the black widow tasers can you make electro from Spiderman🎉 a taser/electric gloves
he looks better with black hair
venom!!! do venom!!!
Yo, last time I watched he looked like infinity war captain America, he looks so different now and the channel has seen significant growth, gg
Wow! James has changed lol! He looks fantastic! Keep doing amazing Things!
I think it would be cool if u managed to make the Marine armor from halo 2. Especially  the calf/boot armor.
Finsh the Tony arc reactor
I wold relly like to se ark generator being made
Pls do Nr. 11
honestly dont even care which project you pick, all i really want is a collab between hacksmith and stuffmadehere, you guys are brilliant at making fiction into reality, and stuffmadehere is just straight up a genius i cant imagine how awesome a collab would be
Great new look dude!
Lookin good james
Please Make samus Canon i am a Huge Fan
Hi
number three jet umbrella
I'm convinced this isn't the same guy he looks really different
This man transitioning from stark to wolverine
he looks dif
he looks so different
He now nailed the wolverine look
Did they deepfake their own video? Something feels off...
The dyed hair is for the John Wick video that's coming out next week
Looks so weird. Not that it’s bad, just different
How are you holding up man? One of these days i would love to be able to check out the lab one day if you ever do tours. I would also love to maybe get your opinion and help me with some projects i have in mind if you dont mind that is.
James, is that you? What happened to your hair?
Looking good James! Love the video, glad to see you
You should make the wolfs weapons from puss in boots
It's good to see you James!
I have been watching hacksmith's videos for so many years now. I still remember how they used to work from a garage and even remember their batman grappling gun!
why would you need a dodgeball robot when you have wrenches? if you can dodge a wrench! YOU CAN DODGE A BALL!
Great to see James doing better but is it just me, or does he look different, I can’t put my finger on it
I love jet engine umbrella lmao :D
the cod black ops zombies galvaknuckles?
He dyed his hair... It looks weird...
Bro you need to do that video for the Winter Soldier arm
Why is he starting to look like Nicholas Cage
Ryan Reynolds  , this in the new young  wolverine
The arc reactor would be really cool
adblock says; Its beter to eat healthy intead.
The 5 one
I would love to see the winter soldier arm tested. And I agree with everyone else here. You are looking better and I hope you continue getting better.
7.   ۷.
When I clicked on this video I thought James was someone else entirely. That man looks so different. This guy looks more and more like tony stark each time I see him. Looking good James!
Jlaser also made doc oc arms lol.
I would love to see either the arc reactor ,venom,or doc ock those seems the most promising
He looks more like tony stark now
Does he look... different to anyone else?
This channel is the literal definition of underrated
0:21 he looks like a mix of wolverine and Tim Allen
I definitely would like to see a new way of flying like Ironman, if you think about it, the one that gravity industries made is fairly simple to an extent and I would definitely like to see James fly around agian.
love to see you back
Why ur face look so odd ?
If there's one thing I'd love to see you guys make "real", it would be the dual Clawshots from Zelda: Twilight Princess.
Just glad that you're back!
This is the first time in a while they talk about what's for sale on their webshop
Give black thé beard please 😂
Did James dye his hair? Seems darker than I remember.
I wanna see the radioactive arc reactor
Did you calculate how much Energy the Arc Reactor would provide? Would it be usable other projekts? I really like your Videos.
10 and 11 would be awesome to see
Why do i feel like the james we see there is ai created
Only commenting because you asked. I typically hold my tongue, just watch and like. TBH I am not interested in any of these projects. I have enjoyed several of your make it real projects. The work you guys do is brilliant.   One video you guys did a few years back, you were out camping and kayaking. It looked like everyone was just having fun. I thoroughly enjoyed that video.   With the idea of getting you guys out of the shop. How about a tent that sets itself up, a robot to gather firewood, a backpack or watch that can launch a drone for navigation, or scouting the best place to launch a jet powered kayak.  If I had to pick one project for your team to finish. Winter Soldier arm, for the purpose of possibly progressing prosthetic tech. Maybe I am off base, but I have seen some of your projects that could have real world applications. I do hope you try to market/patent all the things you can.  I can only imagine how difficult it is, to do what you. Thank you for all your videos. Best wishes to your amazing team.
Glad to your back in the action James  but don't rush for the fans do what you gotta do
Arc reactor or doc ock
winter soldier arm plz
Loving the hair
is it me or does the hacksmith look different
Uranium reactor for the arc reactor
Doc Ock Arms. It's the obvious choice.
Good to see u back James!
Is that deepfake?
0:11 COUNT DOOKU!
What if you combine the Inspector Gadget helicopter with the umbrella idea to create an autorotating helicopter that will bring you gently to the ground after jumping off the roof. No motors, fewer points of failure - what could possibly go wrong?
His facial hair become black and strong all of a sudden😅
Its not secret anymore
Why does he look so weird
Revisit the Otto  arms!!!!!!
It’s great to see you James!
Bro turned into giga chad lol glad to see you doing better brother great video!
Its always peaceful to watch
WHY HAVE THESE GUYS NOT COLLABED WITH MARK ROBER YET
I'm stuck between: 1. Flying Like Iron Man 2. Black Widow Tasers 3. Arc Reactor
I really want to see that thumbnail tech🙈 Btw great efforts from you guys.. Keep going 👍
You should do the iron man flying one it’s my dream to see someone fly
Glad to see you're doing okay James.
I just broke my hand in nearly the same way. I was wondering where else I saw someone with the same break!! Mine was from me pitching and I got hit by a line drive back at me on my throwing hand at 100 mph exit velocity. I also now have titanium in my hand in the same left 5th metacarpal!
I would *love* for them to continue the jet pack
Good to see you look good
You Kinda have the look of Young Count Dooku.
Who is you you aren't james
Bro is slowly turning into Tony Stark, I love it
Hey James, Love the new look, man! You really look like Tony Stark!
Good to see James. Hope you're doing well.
The name was all I needed to sub. Great concept and content!
Bro does not look like hacksmith but looking good though
I remember a few of these showing up! Also James looks great
Is this hacksmith made by AI?
They made an entire video out of AI thats impressive!
winter soldier arm
Welcome back James!
Is that james, or an "AI Mask"? sorry if that is somehow rude
I loved your Fly Like Iron Man Vids when you were doing them it would be cool to have a Wrap up of the entire project
Flyin' iron man suit
Do u get surgery ur face looks different. I might be trippin it could be ur beard looks good tho
Hair and beard look good man.
members only video ? lol
Something . . . is . . . different . . .
Why does James look AI generated?
Id like to see an exo suit
Oh cool, Inspector Gadget predicted the Cybertruck
you dont need to do a full revisit of any project. even just going back over it, and making some updates here and there, would make a good vid. using what you have learned about the flight systems you have seen, along with new things within the industry, you could make a series of vids, between your more on time projects. having many things going on in the background, would be fun to get spoilers of, in the main vids :P
Ok that's cool but JAMES LOOKS LIKE A BADASS NOW! I hope your mental heath break is going well, you look great with the black hair!
welcome back !
Did he get plastic surgery 😢😢😢
Wow I almost didn't recognise James until a couple minutes in! He's looking great
Make the arm 🙏
Why does he have black beard and hair? When did that happen?
Glad to see James back at it, even in a limited capacity!
Who is the guy in the start of the video? Why the hell does he look and sound identical to the actual hacksmith guy?
nice, you turned from looking like jesus, to looking like iron man, both are epic looks!
Yo u're approaching all this wrong. The first thing is to change the laws of physics...
How do you feel man hope you doing well
The main use of Tritium is actually not making clocks glow, but in weaponry. Tritium is the fuel for the worlds most powerful warheads.
We're glad to see you back, brotha. Stay up my friend.
I can help with the bionic arm I have a very great design
Do the dodge ball robot!
best on yt fr
Glad to see you back James! Ur the man that inspired me to become an engineer despite being legally blind, keep up the awesome work!!!
nuclear arc reactor 100%
I vote for the Winter soilder arm
why does e look different, i feel like its ai overlayed on an actor, his hair isnt black
Damn, Hacksmith be LOOKING like Tony Stark now too!
Bro just turned himself into reall life tony stark......well, still lower budget version XD
James be lookin' like Wolverine with the hair and the beard, like it tho also good to have you back James <3
Great to see James back on the channel. Is it just me or is his beard and hair looking extra dark🤨🧐
Is It Just Me Or Does James Look Like His Face Is Deep Faked?
Great to see James back! hope you guys are doing well!
I hope your health is good you look so defferent 😢 Love you brother ❤❤
Why are you deep-faked though?
James looks like a completely different man now.
🤘🤘
This is By far the FUNNIEST Sponsored Section lmfao
yo james be lookin kinda different or is that just me
7 8 9 and 11
Did you die your beard?
Haha, I loved seeing all these failed projects!  So often we look at everyone's finished products and think the people behind them are some kind of superhuman genius, but the reality is that not all our ideas are great, not all our ideas work, and we can really learn a lot from our mistakes - and laugh a whole lot along the way! 😁
ark reactor
bro why does he look different
James looks like gigachad with black hair lol, looks sick
When did hugh jackman join the team?
Hacksmith let's go, can't wait to see this video, it will definitely be great!
You are looking more like tony stark in each new video I watch. Hope all is well!
I vote 11
winter soldier arm
I’ll be honest,jlazer
idk why but you look different
3:43 Prolly gonna get banned for this but. Try eating some meat.
Guys it's John wick
your looking great james, keep it up
Oh i am really looking forward to that collab on prosthetic limbs, it’s such a fascinating kind of engineering! But since you mentioned him twice it would be great to see a collab with jlaser! I still vote for a giant robot wars among all your engineering colleges on YouTube like jlaser, stuff made here, Collin Furze etc. Would be so great to see you all preparing heavily damaging robots that fight each other ^^
james new look is amazing, he looks like john from john wick
I made taser gauntlets way back before MCU Black Widow was even a thing. And they're still more advanced than any other taser gauntlets/gloves I've seen. I took a different approach for the delivery method. Which allows a cleaner, less dangerous to self, and more concealed product. They're also activated by a motion. So no awkward reaching up and flipping switches. It's almost instant. Besides all that, it has several other upgrades that no others have ever had, like the ability to alternate the current patterns for more dangerous results (will not explain this part further and give my idea away, plus, it has a deadly use case.)
woah what the fuck happen to james?!
Why do you look so different?
1
7:53 Well, if you ever give up on youtube, there's probably a profitable business to be had building tails for fursuits.
you look weird with your hair and beard dyed
Iron man would be sick thing to do
Please do doc oc
the doge ball robot would be cool to see working you should do that if you would rather do somthing else it thing it would be awsome to see number 11 break stuff sorry i dont know how to spell the word after winter
Quick question did you get botox
man you look wierd in this beard 🙂🙂
why did you dye your beard lmaooo
I am convinced that this man was not James. He was a bodydouble.
the pocket reference only being imperial for most things is very unfortunate, wish I looked into it more before buying
Dude is the closest thing to a real life humble tony stark
His Starkification is accelerating.
The arc reactor!
Shouldn't the product promotion be teased at the front of the video in a 5 second section, then "watch till the end to find out more" ???? And damn you guys need a podcast to promote hype that stuff up, like linus WAN show.
I'm voting for a pocket antimatter reactor that could power some houses. 😏
Should really make a battlebot using the lightsabers flame as a wepon
Not sure if James dyed his hair or it was dyed before and natural now.
Why you guys gotta weaponise everything? How about inventing a love machine or something that's not built to kill, mame or escape accountabilty? 🤣🤣🤣
DEEPFAKE WHAT???
If you still have the skeleton of the doctor octopus you should do is make a tail with it to help with people's back also it would be really cool if you can make a fursuit out of it also if you could make the years for that suit actually work it would be better if you do a cat fursuit not only that you get out of your headset so he can see darkvision like cats
Is this Mandela Catalogue Hacksmith?
Missed this guy, hope all is well!
He tryna gas it up * insert meme. In all seriousness this is another level of hacksmith, Back in... Grind?
This isn't James... it can't be. I'm not saying it's better or bad, I'm just saying this can't be James... Is it only me?
Doc ock for sure
The helicopter hat won’t work according to Rick and Morty haha  He gave a similar device to morty I think and said “ don’t use the rocket hat without the rocket boots or your heads gonna get ripped off”
Would love to see a radioactive arc reactor
Hey man hope you're doing good and most importantly, being your favourite version of yourself. Obviously Its important for everyone to get out there and change the world, you've done that already so you can take a sec. You've earned it
Could you guys try to make a Transformer?
I dont know, do whatever project. Just want to say thank you for so many entertaining moments.
Man why does he look different
Bro looks like Tony stark
He looks so diffetent 😯
what was the rocket attached to the 2 by 4 from a year and a half ago
sooo uhh why is he rendered and not the real person
*That's a lot of hair dye in 1 beard*
Flying like iron man would suffice to me.
can we take a minute to appreciate how awesome Jake Laser is??? he is the nicest man on earth. you will very rarely meet someone as skilled and as humble as him. the dude is not afraid to fail at all, and it makes him an amazing engineer
Where is james
I rlly hope James is doing better :D And now he rlly starts looking like a Big Tech Boss (Just like Tony lol)
Man you look like young Count Dooku now in days
BRO WHY WOULD YOU THINK TRITIUM IS A GOOD IDEA!?
about the umbrella all you have to do to make it work is strengthen the joints of the umbrella to be able to remain in place... also make umbrella bigger
Jeez this dude changed so much since last time I saw you bro you seem upset  or depressed idk  sheesh tho
Dude looks like a completely different person
John wick?
I can't quite figure out if you dyed your hair and got a spray tan or if you are like using a filter or something.
what in the deepfake is this???
It is fust me or does he look like the old Wolverine. He looks so cool this sideburs damm🔥🔥🔥
arc reactor is cool if it isnt too much money
Please check out the Dubai Jetman jetpack, it'll be an amazing build. There's nothing like it!
wear full face coverage helmets more ofthen, please. even if the invention seems safe itself things in the enviroment can damage you
There’s sth fishy going on. Is this a deepfake video of James? 🤔
please tell me that joke was what a b slap
Love seeing your employees
He looks lime Keanu Reeves
Project 11
I’m happy that you are back!
in the first 5 seconds i almost went "who is that"...nevermind i definitely went "who is that"
james beard looks good
Ease up on the HAIR DYE... God Dam......  STOP
Welcome back Hacksmith, I missed u
Glad to see you back James!
He looks kinda like Tim Allen.
You lookin like a brand new Tony Stark. Glad to see you doing well, James!
You should finish the winter soldier arm but be safe
I always wanted to know what happened to the winter soldier arm. Now I know
Is it just me or does he look like he was animated?
winter soldier arm
We need the arc reactor, if you don't make it I will
nice to see you back on your feet
What happen to you face? That’s not you
do the arc reactor, venom, and arm.
Hey, it's good to see IRL Tony Stark!
Depends, if you wanna die, then yes!
So did the dude who picked up the tazer thing die?
Maybe check in @stuffsmadehere
finish the winter soldier arm
..so next video is how they cloned james? looks a bit off but still well done ;)
Flying like the falcon would be cool
Iron man definetly
Why he looks different?
Love all these scrapped projects. Hopefully some of them make it back. I noticed for the dodgeball robot you had some FRC parts there 👀
did James dye his hair?
few Weeks ago i am thinking about 🌂 hacks   how did you bug my mind
Is thatttt jamesssssss
its not james
What have you done to your face? You look like you're about to go through a simon cowel plastic surgery period. Mid likfe crisis? oof
Is that an AI James?
Dang those store items looking GOOOD!
new makeover , interesting bud
Good to see you back, James! :)
Bro look different ( in a good way). What's new abt him?
why hair black
Make the doc ock arms pls
James says he still wants to fly, a couple years ago he proposed either making a way to fly like iron man, or making the vultures wings. I think he should make the vulture wings not only are they awesome buy they are easier to get lift for and balance.
Dodgeball yeeter
what happened to your face is it AI ?
is it just me or does james look like nicolas cage
I like your cut G
Bro looks like jon wick
0:21   is anyone else getting early Tony Stark Vibes with the bew look?😊 maybe crozzed with wolverine
You should make a vest that just gives you little arms on your chest
Hugh Jackman?
I would like that you keep doing the Jet engine umbrella
James, you look so different now. What happend?
the venom flask seems cool and it pretty safe as long as its sealed properly you can even sell it
My man went from RDJ to Keanu Reeves.
wonder of u
Someone decided to use AI to make videos 😂
The Firs proiect
New haircut?
Well my copper penny is on the Doc Oc limbs, even just getting a single arm working would be cool
Did he get a face lift or something he looks like a totally different dude
7:00 Also you would have to invent a functional fusion reactor.
You guys have to make the radioactive reactor,
This channel was my childhood lol
i like 10
we need a dodgeball robot
I WANNA SEE YOU FLY REGARDLESS OF HOW YOU DO IT JUST DONT DIE
Why does he look off it isn’t his hair his face doesn’t look the same
For me, I would like to see the winter solder arm.
What happened to your face
Wait, did his hair went from brown to black or am I tripping ?
did he do plastic surgery?
So many epic things on my birthday thank
Did you guys ever do anything with Mark Rober? You both would make some cool stuff
why he look like john wick
10
10:28 Welcome to the club of enhanced humans, dude! I got some titanium bolts in my right knee after wrecking it. Hope you like your metal enhancements!
damn that beard
He looks like Tony ngl
Dude, you have kinda Chris Evens face and tony stark hair!
I would love to see a robot beat the hacksmith team at dodgeball!
Wow James look almost like a different person 😳, glad to see he's doing well.
James what happen to your face it looks different from earlier more like you use Barbie effects.
James what happen to your face it looks different from earlier more like you use Barbie effects.
konyey reeves
is that really james? something is off
great looking beard James. I definitely want to see the bionic arm
Nr 7 is cool
Arc reactor
James, You are looking good. Keep up the great job at recovering.
I thought you guys went bust or something, hardly ever see any of your videos come up, I didn't think you guys were still making them
Yo is he the same guy , like wait is it just me but he looks completely different z what TF is this the same guy, maybe I'm seeing him after 3 yrs he looks like a complete diff person and way more hotter
James, you are looking GREAT. Stay well. Your health is very important.
Honestly, pivot from black widow to batman Arkham origins shock gauntlets, and it'd probably work better, as now it's the end of your fists, not your wrist, also they're thicker being full on gauntlets, meaning more insulation.
Wow his New Look ist nice
Hope your doing well James all love from us all❤️
You look like wolverine from xmen  make a costume and blades for yourself
Damn, single guy in his garage did two things a whole ass company with multiple trained employees couldn’t do
I'd cast him as wolverine
Creative mode be like 💀
Looking good my man. Wolverine 2.0
Bro is having a mid life crisis with the hair lmaoooo
The first guy was in creative mode
Do the helicopter one!!!
hes backs
Is James' clone, John a good enough replacement for the Hacksmith???  (this is a joke, it's literally just hair dye for next week's video, nothing else)
james face is very different???
Man was chad, got mental issues, went silent and then came back as chad Wolverine 🗿
Kudos!
you look different. I don''t know why but I feel you are a different person
Somethings strange about James 🤔 it’s james 2.0 he finally built himself a clone🤯🤣
is it me or does he look different
out of all the venom and doc oc project luk reallyy coool
NUMBER ONE!! FLY LIKE IRON MAN!! The reason I’ve been subbed since day one!!! FLY LIKE IRON MAN!!!
good to see you looking so well James,  Wasn't the same without you.
finish the winter soldier arm if u get the chance
I`m for the arm. It`s just so cool
Not digging the Tony Stark look
Is it me, or does this man look like iron man more each day.
That’s definitely a deepfake
More!
The old garage is so og 😢
the time away did you good! you look 5-10 years Younger. keep it up!
PLS, PLS, PLS DO THE ARC REACTOR!!! PLS!!!!!!
I wasnt so sure who he was, then that hit me, damn you change, hope for the good reason.
pretty sure james is cgi lol
Make Mr. Handy from fallout made from drone
We all want to create your iron man suit.
Glad James is looking good and hope he's doing well
I came back to watching hack smith after a long time and he looks different
who was that?
The hack smith kinda looks like a mix between tony stark and Keanu reeves
Man you look Horrible in black hair and beard, what u did to your eyes?
"It should be easy to scale down a nucler reactor to fit in my chest case"
is it just me or anyone else think his face has changed (kinda feels like ai eddited.
Try buying the Tritium for the arc reactor it would be SO COOl
i would like to see arc reactor
Why do you look like that?????
Feels like I'm watching a deepfake
I would not mind you finishing that arc reactor project....
do metal gear solid techs pleeeeeeeeeeeeease?
flying like iorn man and dr.octipus arms
Who are you?
If you want to fly how about wings that deploy in the air when parachuting. It's far safer as you can eject the wings and use the parachute if there is a problem. The wings can be inflated and go above a beyond a normal suit by being far larger to create more lift. You could even incorporate an engine to provide thrust and lift.
Bro I haven't seen u in a year but damn ur face change Soo much
ltt screwdriver
Nice haircut
Why does James look so different
James actually looks like a different person!
Did he dye his hair? Looks epic!
what the fuck happened to the hackmith???
I think you went a little over board with the just for men dye
Is it just me but does James looks very different
The arch reacator
Deepfake?
reactor
you guys give up so easy, cant throw a ball fast enough? cant find a non sticky ferrofluid (nilered). pftt
1
Just want to see the winter soldier arm come to life as he’s one of my favourites  And happy to see James back at it  Missed ya og
who is this dude? hacksmith parallel uniserve double?
Omg I want the name of that company who asked you to make something scrappy then pulled out for doing exactly what you asked, they need to be burned down with engineered combustable lemons
So many great projects to choose from! The Winter Soldier arm and the arc reactor would be the top two for me
I'm happy to see James back at it, but what happened to his hair
james embracing his inner wolverine whis his beard i rate 10/10
what did he do to himself wtfffffffffffff
Is he James ?
Thumbnail lies: these are no longer secret.
I would love to see the Iron Man project back underway.
Cool 👍
Hii.. @theHacksmith Industries I'm following u since u had post the Thor hammers video.. and I love them so much ⭐🐈 .. love from India 🇮🇳 sir... Stay healthy and stay safe..!!💟
James do be rocking the new black hair
James is deep faked in this video
Not gonna lie, I would love to see an electrostaff from starwars wielded by the magnaguards at some point
Why does James look odd. Not trying to be a dick literally asking a question
Iron man
Black Widow, simplest one and the most realistic one also sounds like the most fun one to do.
please make the docter optipuse arms
I'm waiting for someone to make the flying sailboard from Treasure Planet
I feel like the only feasible video you could continue is the dodgeball one you raised some good points for the other ones..
James turned into Giga chad, in all seriousness it's good to have you back
James looks like AI generated. Whats going on here?
The retractabit screwdriver is hilarious it reminds me of those 16 in one pencils
He looks soo different from before
wolverine look its suits you, lets see more of you 🥰🥰🥰 much love from Romania
nuclear arc reactor
Ferrofluid is a mixture of oil and iron shavings, since oil is a bunch of hydrocarbons, maybe have the symbiote tube made out of a polar material, and replace the air with water, and the ferrofluid won’t stick to the inside of the tube
Printer ink in the beard hey?
nilered made a a ferrofluid that didnt stick to glass even when dissolved in water. he noted the the reason that publicly available ferrofluid cant do this is because of some extra chemicals and oils which his didnt have because it was just nano particle magnetite in a solvent
dude looks AI generated in this video, please stay healthy mr hacksmith
Dodgeball idea sounds like one for stuff made here
Just be safe please
Bro looks like a vampire in this video
Nice
arc reactor sounds cool
he looks so different did he dye his beard
You guys are absolutely amazing and intelligent as hell but… maybe think about more realistic jobs you can actually pull of as a business so you can start smashing decent revenue. Colin furze building a tunnel under his house is almost non technical (slight exaggeration I know) and he smashed views for that. Excited to see what else you guys do.
I vote for flying umbrella or Winter soldier arm
#10 Dodge ball Robot
so you got payed for making the gummybear video. but we can only see it if we also pay? screw this!
Arc reactor
Wait he looks a lil different...
Winter soldier arm
2,6450th person here
"How cool would it be to throw a person"🤨📸
Good to see James back on the channel. I hope you feel good! You should definitely do more Wolverine projects, with your current look :)
YET MORE AMAZING PROJECTS!
hope they end up going through with the radioactive arc reactor
vibranium arm would be nice to be revived but have someone test it
Number 1 (The Iron Man Flying) Please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
is that you james?
I don't know if anyone noticed it but that's not james
why is there 16k likes but only has 1.4k views do they bot like?
Iron man flight
The collaboration with the company that does robotic limbs would be perfect for not only Winter Soldier arm but also Doc Ock trait and exoskeleton that The Octopus arms are attached to so it's more of a full bodysuit than just on your back
You want to fly like a real hero? What is about flying like Hiccup?
Love what you guys do. I would love to see a fully functional fall out power armour suit. Keep up the good work 👍
Always love your projects , fun to watch and hope you are doing well! Keep up the energy and dont give up!!
Ai based character?
I mean, that is not James, is it? He looks ... very different
Is no one gonna mention that that is not James and they are lipsyncing to James' voice dubbed over? I'm very confused by this Who is this man?!?
Love you James ❤
James looks good!
Him: says about robotic limbs  Me: I wonder if it's possible to make a real version of breath of the wild's guardians
Inspector Gadget helicopter hat and the nuclear Arc Reactor could both be very interesting the latter might even be commercially viable in some way
Is it just me, or does the video of James look Ai generated?
Is he the same guy ,he  looks completely different, and even sounds different
Whoa cool you look kinda like wolverine 😮 and did you get plastic surgery or smth 🌚
Just gotta point out that I've been watching since you were still building rudimentary exoskeletons and lifting cars with them, and this is the closest you've ever looked to Tony Stark after years of being called the real life version of him. Hope you're doing well, you and the rest of the crew
This meant everything to see you today!!  Yesterday, my son (13) actually asked about you while we were watching some of your videos.
james looking okay ...  hope you get healthy super soon   love to see you back
Can somebody tell me why it has only 900  in 2 hours???
Im glad keanu i mean james is back
Nice to see you back!
You guys should try to make a jump kit from Titan Fall
You're looking good bro  Looking like a real life superhero already
James with black hair looks like Wolverine👀
Why does it say only like 1000 views
He is looking like a giga chad
Ever since I was a child I wanted to be an inventor. Growing up I didn't have any inventor to look up to in terms of like having their own brand or company and doing whatever they like and make whatever gadget they want to. You were the one that gave me hope that it is possible. Thanks man. My CE degree is much more enjoyable knowing that I can use it to make cool stuff like you guys.
did he... get plastic surgery ? why don't I recognize him ?
You guys inspire me.
Ngl at this point I’m just waiting for the flying Delorean🤞🏼
I'd love to see the Arc Reactor and Go Go Gadjet Helicopter to be finished, but both of those are not really realistic to finish.
James looks different than I remember
11
I really want to see that reactor! Imagine being able to charge your mobile phone for years!!!
Can confirm: The Thomas J Glover book basically contains every possible reference chart anyone could ever need. Have had mine for decades and adore the little guy. Admittedly it gets less use now that I have google in my pocket 24/7.
The beard looks great👍
dude he looks like a whole different person
Nice!
Love this channel
Good to see you James   hope u are doing well now... you are an inspiration man👍
OMG, James, you are looking perfect, bro💪 Glad to see you back👍
Always good to see you in videos, any of those videos would be awesome to see though I think seeing the Winter Soldier arm would be extra cool.
Who's this guy 😂
Uh oh
bro looks like ai?
The dodgeball robot sounds cool!
my guy became John Wick
I know its sounds weird but im pretty sure this isn't james, im mean its his voice but not his face... What's going on?
Whatever you are doing with your hair. Stop. You are great how you are.
I’m so glad you’re feeling better, always remember that if you need a break then take it
YouTubem why are you so broken? You say there are 459 views, 1 010 comments , and 15 134 likes.
Do it, ironman!
Idea for next video : weapon for zombie apocalypse.
He really said "snake like robot arms" to describe Doc Ock? Really can't think of another animal which he more closely resembles?
So good to see James back and doing better!!
The views is incorrect, right now it has 15k likes, but 459 views
Why is your hair colour changed ?
You should do the iron man one, but instead of all the power in your arms, try it with both arms and feet to make it almost exactly like iron man.
459 views 2 hours later? some youtube glitch
Did only I noticed it or dude looks more like John wick  I wish you can have a speedy recovery
Cool!
I got a Mini-Saber for my Birthday. It is so cool
was he the original captain america i forgot!
Lookin good
Why you die ur hair
He looks more like Tony every day
My man's,face changed
He’s back and looking good and hoping he feels good
this is soooooooo cool
448 views and 16k likes in 2 hours make no sense at all
Wait sense when has James been back bro we missed you
Lookin amazing!
Plastic surgery, really?
here before the video blows up
Nice work! :)
The dodgeball project seems perfect for a @stuffmadehere collab
Dr Octopus arms all the way !
You have to finish docs arms pls
pls build the arc reactor
venom
Why does James look a like brother of Keanu Reeves?
448 views with 14k likes  🫤🫤
Is it just me or does James look much healthier? Glad to see you back!
I want to see 2 and 4
Great to see you back James. ❤
444 views?
Lmao I made the black widow gauntlet on my tiktok a while ago😅 putting that much voltage on a epileptic persons wrist wasn’t the best idea… also I think it got shadow banned
Looking great James, great to see you! Honestly almost all of these projects would make amazing videos, hopefully some of them will become more possible with time.
D.r oc 7:25
Wtf only 444 views
Make banana launcher
Run on air
It wasn't a project, it was a projectile.
Back in black
I would love to see some of these things be made. And can we say James, you look amazing!!!
turn jet umbrella into jet hammer of dedede pls !
Did he dye his hair black?
Glad to see you're kinda back. I hope things are getting better for you bro.
An idea for a robotic arm. (This will be A: expensive and B: dangerous.) Solar powered arm that connects to your nerves for movement control.
iron man flying i would love to see that
Build a sonic screwdriver
You gotta finish the Iron man Suit, as you already have some of the components...
444 views wow
John wick?
Big hero 6 plz james
Hello CGi James. I say this based on back drop and the fact James would of walked around shop showing the bits and pieces that "were/are" going into these projects.
This was awesome to see James back in a full length video. Stay strong guys and always keep pushing what is possible, the dream of having a real life stark industries is still possible as long as you chaps keep forging forward. Can't wait to see what's next
wait how do you look so diffrent in this? like when did your hair turn black 😭
Did a Tesla minivan land on Inspector Gadget?
persionly i wood love the doc ock arms
0:13 ngl unreal engine is so good that I thought this looks like a scene from UE5
GoGo Gadget Helicopter!!! =)
he looked amazing back then and back when he had long hair but now he looks likes john wick but if he chose a cat instead of a dog but he still looks good
Love the channel! Would love to see further development on the ark reactor
the stone paper note book is also great for password and notes on accounts.
i just about didnt recognise james in this video, the hair style, beard and color were so different, at least he is looking much better now
Iron man flight I love iron man
I'm extremely interested in getting a pen and notebook as well as the handy man pocket book, what!!!!!
The Ark reactor would be nice to see
Omg its James from wish
9
I hope your doing good James and the team
what happened to your face
I want to see the venom fluid and  The bionic arm
Nice to see you back. Keep up the good content and stay healthy!
So cool
Great to have james back .. But why does he look different though?
Why the video has only 436 views but more than 10k likes and 600+ comments?
Bro is handsome asf
James looks so different almost like a deepfake
1 hr ago
11
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
HE LOOKS LIKE TONY STARK HOLY F***
the Mr. Gadget heli-hat looks amazing! thats got my vote.
Id love to see more videos of the cybertruck, maybe make it street legal, or take it to the golf course?
You guys are back
im here 1 hour after release
Are you guys doing something related to John Wick cause james coloured his hair and beard black and shaped it like John Wick
Glow up.
Love seeing these smaller or scrapped projects!! Please keep uploading these kinds of videos, a lot of us want to see the project work you guys are doing, even if it isn't an "EPIC UPDATE" every few months.
Why are views fixes at 435??
commenting for the algorithm
James loooks more like a handsome man
11 is great
its been a while however u look different because of ur beard
The future tony stark
Like the new look
Holy moly I thought the channel died because it showed only 400 smth views after an hour
Finally hacksmith is back ❤🎉
HE MADE A 3D MODEL OF HIMSELF SO HE DOES NOT EVEN HAVE TO WORK, AMAZING . NOW YOU CAN FOCUS ON YOURSELF AND YOUR MENTAL HEALTH
Man turned into giga chad. I hope you're doing great!
why does James look like Logan from x man
I have concidered the idea of a DIY radioisotope generator from old smoke detectors as a thought experiment. Turns out that if you want to power anything more than an led and don't want it to murder everyone in its proximity you're going to need a lot of shielding, way more than the conventional ones used by NASA. Didn't seem practical
you changed .... so much ..... :(( ............. i want jet umbrella
continue 11
Good to see James back!
Maybe it is an ai voice and a doppelgänger
"Nate and Kelly from the King of Random" 😢😭 They didn't deserve to be fired!
Do it man but make it smaller and good to see you James.
John wick?
lol first project has been tested by navy, is easy to find on YT.
👌👌👌👌
Is it just me or does James look like Keenu Reeves? His beard  was giving me John Wick vibes.
alexlab has made a much cooler network sword, and jlaservideo with lower costs turns out projects many times better than yours and your hair in black looks very funny
Why is looking weird
Hii James, how are you hope you are doing great,  I honestly loved this video because I just get to see you really, I love you man keep going like this  justdon't get stressed and take care of your health Love you Bye,  Your True loving FAN😊
The rocket umbrella seems more like you want to fly around like Mary Poppins. If you simply wanted to jump off a roof and use an umbrella like a parachute wouldn't it be simpler to make a umbrella big enough made out of light weight materials, but strong enough not break under the weight of an average adult? In order for Doctors Octavius mechanical tentacles to be more achievable you more than likely would need to build an exoskeleton suit to support the weight of the mechanical arms. Might make more sense to build Mac Gargan's scorpion suite then four robotic tentacles. Or a walking tank exoskeleton suit like Aleksei Sytsevich The Rhino character.
Please respond to this hack smith
I would like to see the winter soldier's arm!
View bug?
Yo for the lightsaber power belt attachment you could always have like a BB8 following you around and anytime you need the lightsaber the BB8 could give you a pre attached  saber and the cable could go in and out of BB8
Number 2
I am one of the 432 viewers 🎉
Please dont color your beard, it looks weird
O this is not him
early :D
What about the exo skeleton?
You are best I love your work 😂
Thank you for the closure
I would like to see the umbrella project real
do some batman gear
make nr 7
What happened to his face man 🙁🙁
DOES HE LOOK DIFFERENT ???
Why dose he look like that
Yes with a lot of these you really do need technology like Tony Stark. Including the big labs, the AI, and millions/billions of dollars..  😁
What the f
Why does my man look like that A.i face from tic tok 😂
Okay, real talk  That Dodgeball Machine Would be Dope to see it finished But that would mean the poor Dodgers gonna feel a LOT of pain from the sheer power and accuracy of it xD
I vote for the ark reactor, it’s the best!
Definitely want to see the winter soilder arm
Who are you
Glad to see your doing so much better James. I'm so happy to see more Hacksmith videos. Keep up the amazing content guys!
Have missed Hacksmith you guys are amazing and inspired me to make my armor and stuff.
Doc ock arms>>>
Ahh. That’s a bit of a change.
Flying car please
I'm glad to see that James' clone is doing well
These inventions are cool. Also, what's with the 430+ views
oooo now I have a titanium in my hand for more than a year and today I got to know that I am super hero, infact I am the 2nd winter soilder ooooo😮😮😮😅😅😅
1hour
Nice 1 hour, 432 viewers, 11k likes, 832 comments.
That's gotta be some ai filter
Two, count ‘em two! Doc Ock references people!!!  Give it a like!
this is very cool
I need old hacksmith vibe
I love your videos but you should make a starlord helmet and blasters
How are you doing James I hope you’re doing better.
Nice beard man!
Lookin good man!
11k likes and 432 views???
11k likes 432 views
I have a idea for a project how about a real life mega man suit with heads up display and a actually mega buster that you can wear on your arm
in this video u looks like a hangovered jesus
Damn he looks like that gigachad guy 😎😏😏🫂. Looking clean my brother
He is back!!!!!!
Looking handsome as ever, James 👋 I like the umbrella project - always wanted to travel like Mary Poppins
Im just curious because its been a while since watching hacksmith what happened with him? He looks alot different
This was made an hour ago but the comments were made 18 hours ago
Happy to see James back, lookin good bro!
You guys should make a scale replica of fallout 4 power armor as a future project
Hahahah grogu is forklift certified confirmed 2:07
How come its showing 400 views
WAIT THIS VIDEO GOT 428 VIEWS AND 766 COMMENTS? WHAT ?
Who are you and where is James ?
So fun to see that james seem better 🎉🎉
428 views 766 comments and 11k likes how?
766 comics
Why does James look so different?
what about cyclops goggles
Good to see James back, he looks real good 😊
HEEES BACKKKK!!
FIRST 1000TH COMMENT!!
Finish ironman
Winter soldier arm
What about the new toroidal edf fans? For flight?
Bru🥴Is that Hacksmith from wish?
E
Great to see you back on screen James.  Looking very Hugh Jackman , awesome! Know the struggle, know the fight.  Thanks for the inspiration to grab hold of projects and shoot for the moon.  It's also about the team you surround yourself with and yours is top notch!
Am I the only one who thinks James looks more like Hugh Jackman than himself in this video? I can't tell what looks off but at one point I thought James was AI generated lol
why does James look like Dr Strange?
Always thought it would be awesome if you made occupational specific bionic prosthetics.
Seems like the fleshy human bits are usually the hard part to work around
What happened to ur face?????????????????????????
Uhhhh, WHO IS THAT!?
Looking good hacksmith
nice
If I could choose any one to be finished, I would definitely choose the WS arm.
I'm having a weird glitch where it shows 428 views but 10K likes
Took me a hot minute to realise that is was not James on screen
Really nice man! I hope you could try and  fly like Iron Man and making the suit more compact and small. That would be amazing to see!
make a backpack that make you shoot lightning out of your fingers.
I have been waiting to see winter soldier arm in action for months maybe a year
Why does he look so submissive
Man I love the vids you post
That's not James! That black hair and goatee!?!That's Emo-king James! He looks good
Man what happened to your face?
Bro i couldn't recognise James he is changed alot from the past and i would request the hacksmith to do iron man boosters out of all
I'm sorry, WHO ARE YOU? WHERE IS JAMES?
God damn, mans looking like Hugh Jackman
hi
I want to see that arm already please lol
i love the idea of having dr. octopus arms, imagine just going around in the street lifted by octopus arms
the views are stuck at 428 for me
somethings off about the hacksmith idk what though and its freaking me out
fart
All these projects were super cool, but I would love to see 10 and 11 finished
flight suit DO IT NOW
Is is that him or something else
The metal arm needs to be finished, that would be so cool.
Next episode wer makeing a nuclear reactor
Good to see. Ready to see the future.
Great to see James back and looking great! I love the John wick look
why is your hair black
426 views in an hour? That doesn't feel right
Looking good!!!
Damn, you look a lot more cartoon-ish in a good way of course
make bionic limbs with a plasma cutter
oh hi
What about thorium for the reactor?
Solid video!
i’m so confused what happened to james. that doesn’t even look like him... did he have plastic surgery? is that an AI filter?
You and jlaser should collaborate
who is this and where is james
Who is that handsome man lol
Why is the views so low
Noice! 10:27
HE BECOMING TONY STARK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy to see you back bud!!!!!!!! hope you are doing better
The wenter solger arm
Bro you look like jesus
doctor octh arms
Finish Venom project or the Doc Oct Arms
Winter soldier arm 🦾 100%
You're looking an awful lot better. Hope you're feeling good, too. Take as long as you need. Depression is an utter bastard, and I speak from experience. You just keep on getting better. You deserve it. 👍👍👍
You gotta change the thumbnail guys it's really bad Would get more views
Looking great! I guess out of all of them id like to see the winter the winter soldier arm or a practical tutorial on how to make a vial of moving ferrofluid
yo
How is this deepfack James
Hey! You look different but great. The dark hair suits you.
Is it just me or does he look a bit different today
Is it me or does James look like Logan? xD
what happend to your face it has changed
Very nice I would definitely want to see 10 and 11 created
16E17
what happened to his face
Is that a deepfaked James?
Soo cool....❤
How the heck does this only have 424 views 1 hour in
why does your face seem deepfaked
"We did any reasonably sane person would do, so we mounted 3 jet engines on an umbrella with exhaust temperatures over 800 degree celsius and ear deafening sounds over 122 decibels while also having a literal tank of gasoline strapped to my back. What could go wrong?" Other then de-lifing yourself i think ur good
I like venom two
he kinda doesnt seem real
Why is he looking different ????? 🤔🤔🤔
I love your videos keep up the good work.
Is that Keanu reeves?! It’s James? Even better!
Bro why views are so low?
nice
We love you James. Hope you’re doing well!
E
Wowie
Is he ai genrated Wow his hair cut looks good
Love u keep it up
I missed this glorious man
James is even closer to being the real life Ironman, nice to see you back!
Tritium is used for rolexes 😐 what
did he dye his hair lmao
using AI facee????
Good Work
He looks so different. Slightly un canny after being here for so log and seeing how he looked before. But You look amazing man.
Why Dose he looks like John WIck ?
This video is stuck at 423 views
Cornelius Would Be Proud.🙌🏼
About arc reactor I don't know if use this work or not.  Is possible or not use like system like anime dr.stone use copper and magnet to get electric, when copper is spin more faster near magnet it produced electric and the electric products by that is store to spin the copper so basically. Copper spin->product electric->store it to spin the copper and that probably not possible right
The Venom one would look awsesome
Who is that guy? Is it some kind of James clone? Result of project 12? And my vote for number 2.
Glad to see you back James! 🎉
I would like to see the number 11 and the sixth
Keep up the good work!
You should do doc ock
I hope James's mental health has recovered well. Welcome back man!
why he's looking different....
Was that AI?
Only true subscribers know this video was stuck at 421 views.
We love you, James!!! I hope your health is starting to improve, and that you know you have about 13 million people in your corner!
YES JAMES IS BACK!!!
420 views in 1 hour?! How could we let this happen!!!
Why did the sponsor backing out last minute stop you from releasing the video of the junk robot? I though you could cut out any mention of them from the video before posting. Oh and what about the time and money? Were you already paid or did they screw you over last minute leaving you hanging?
John smith...?
7:10 just use thorium but you would need plutonium to actually start the reaction for thorium to produce energy
Being engineering corporation, Do you guys fill Technical goal papers? No idea how you call this documentation in English, but I mean the paper you use to describe how things are made, with what technology, etc.  Like, how do you even do that for your projects?
i would  like to see the venom thing or the ccol arm(number 11)
I liked the dodgeball one
Why does he look different now
i would love to see the doc ock arms finished
You guys make impossible things possible
So who was he🤔
quick question. are you guys working on another plasma saber?
why his face seems so changed?
Hey hacksmith I wonder it u could make the most realistic Batmobile I've been a long time fan of the Batman builds and would love tho see one if that's ok
Bro kinda looks like a mix between volverine and alan Rickman now
While I love the lightsaber, I really wish yours was recognized for being the first retractable one. According to Guinness it’s some Russian guy
Making your own arc reactor seems very cool
amazing
421 to veiw
Hacksmith is looking alot healthier (Assuming its not an AI Filter..{doesn't seem to be}) Keep up the good self work :)
yo i think the view counter just broke
7.6 to like
Great to see him back looking so good, keep up the progress!
16 to comment
Me 500 viewers
This man born to die as legend
amazing
11
11
11
He look more and more like Tony stark
11
11
ok
11
Did James dye his hair black? Also JLaser has already made doc ock arms.
11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11
Julian
James looks so good my Uncanny valley instincts are going wild..are you animated or something?
At the time derpie arrived, there was 416 views.
bro turned himself into a gigachad hope he’s doing well
Something off with the face it doesn't seem right, on ltt or Linus tech tips when Linus wanted to stop going on his channel and let someone else do it he talked about Ai that can change people's faces to anyone and let them carry on the show without the main person, I can see it now but if I am wrong please let me know
hihi
Does James look a little different?
first
Iron man suit
420th viewer of this video!
you kinda look like Steven Seagal
Nice to see you back
A
That is not the same man, they changed him, who bought the channel?😢
Wow Can you reply to my comment my b-day in 2 days and ill be so happy if you do!
Number 4 is best in my opinion
So cool love y’all’s builds
This video doesnt have that many views or comments when it should
What about a new exo suit?  I bet with the new battery tech you could make a pretty cool one.  Maybe even work on one that is a 40v or 60v DC system that could be powered by popular power tool batteries?  Glad to see some new content from the team!
Jame back so happy
he looks like a CGI cartoon character
Yooo! Great!
You should try making some Gambit themed gear, his body armor, collapsible bo staff, or explosive throwing cards.
I kind of want to see you build a doge ball robot and maybe find someone who will go against it and it a doge ball expert you can probably use a similar system to the base ball launcher.
bro he looks like wolverine+ironman+captain america
Nice
I'd love to see more detail on the doc Oct limbs, even if it were a shorter video I'm sure others would find it inspiring.
He is liking good he looks like John Wick
when you're so early the views count is 0 and the likes count has 7k likes
420 views? Epic.
Did you get a face lift
am i the only one seeing 419 views
he kinda looks like keanu reeves, if i had to guess theres going to be a john wick related video
You look really different from your original look.
Of all the ones you cancelled for effectively being too dangerous, the one that actually scares me the most is the arc reactor. Yes, the actual radioactivity might be minimal, but your intended use is to have it strapped to your person at all times, so the dose you get would still be pretty high. Reminded of The Thought Emporium and his videos on 'negative ion' products.  The one I would really like to see finished is the Winter Soldier arm, that just looks awesome.
Make venom
Ust a
Very cool! I love all your stuff!
The black hare definitely threw me off, but it looks good lol
Why would you need jet engines on umbrella if you could just make it with strong enough materials to withstand the descent -_-
Omg on the Wisconsin News there was a tritium accident last night. Btw you guys should try to make Bucky’s arm.
Whos this guy?
How does this even have 400 views and over 6k likes
i would love to see all of them please can you complete them
Why does he look so weird…?? Didnt he have brown hair
You guys make such good content, thank you for always making so interesting stuff!
bro that does not look like that original hacksmith guy
Is he doing a John wick project? Cause my goodness he looks like him rn
Okay that's freaking cool
This looks awesome! More content please!!
0:12 lightskin stare
Hey you. Look like John Wick now
I hope the winter soldier video is coming soon.
😅👍👍 Many of these would be great to finish but I’d say oc Iron Man lift :) and the Doc Oct tentacles/arms 😎👍
He looks so different now
man, this guy really wants to fly
Why dose he look weird
Hope you're doing well James. Also the whole Hacksmith crew❤️
The flying like Iron man project looks really cool. I would love to see someone from hacksmith industries flying round the sky.
hey man. i first watched you a long time ago with the wolverine claws, and loved your stuff for a while. I decided to check back, and am glad you're you're still going at it. Makes me happy :)
I love how clickbaity the title screen is 😂
Hey John Wick
419 views and 6.3k likes…. Hmmmm…. Something’s not right…
Your natural hair colour looks better in my opinion. But you still look great sir.
i was waiting for him to mention jake laser , it was truly satisfying.
I would like to see the Iron Man radioactive arc reactor
nice
bro dyed his air he lookin sleek
I swear my man looks like AI deepfake
New look is cool I really missed you 🖤 A man with crazy dreams
Show us the videos of uncompleted projects
Yeah, I still haven't seen the 1x1 death star you guys made secretly with the help of the government.
Nice..
Weow
I would real want to see that bionic arm.
Nice!
Cool new look, is hard to not think that some project just can't happen but that s y technology must improve
it sure would be cool to see a colab with the Hacksmith and Jlaser
Is there some sort of glitch or something, I can only see that it has 418 views and 16 comments despite it having 6k likes. Anyone notices the same problem let me know thanks.
Gosh, James,'had some extra shoe polish to use up? 😂
Daam you are genius
i missed this guy
Hello deepfake James
why does james look so wierd
Why is there so much less view
Bro turned into giga chad 💀💀💀
Make a Tesla coil gun . Or make a rocket that you can launch with one motor.
Very cool 😎 y’all make cool things
I hope you put the Arabic language to spread the benefit
Why does hack Smith looks so different?
James looks different
Athletic Greens? That's like one step from raid shadow legends. This channel sure has gone down hill fast.
early
First From India🇮🇳
Honestly, the Venom symbiote thing would be sick! (and seems like one of the more achievable projects on that list, apart from the staining thing)
#9 would be the best
So excited to see what you guys make this year!
Hi
Did you die your hair?
Wow
Welcome back James 😊
cool stuff
Wait you look different
man looks like ready for john wick 4
1:07 That's... not you. You know that, right?^^  Edit: Wait a minute!
Why does he look like cgi? Or is it just me?
Is this channel dyeing??
these are so cool
huh
why dosent the duaghter get  ag1 so she dosnt bring back le germs
I think people are just ignoring the elephant in the room so I'm just gonna come out and say. Why the h*** does he look different is that even the same guy? I mean like what the heck is beards like shaped differently. It's got different hair color I don't know if you think it's face structure as the same. What the h*** is going on Which is weird because it's the same voice
LoL after long time
I'm 419
Do you guys think it would be possible to make a real life vibro blade? Like an actual sword like in MGR because that would be really cool!
Looking good man hope your doing well
Yo the eyebrows are lookin hella great
Tritium reactor for sure!
I appreciate this, thank you James
Nice
Please finish the Inspector Gadget project! It would be so funny to see you fly like that! All of these sound really cool
Jlazor vidio made his own doc oc suit and blackwidow electric puncher way back but still you and jlazorvidio are my most fafprate youtubers that build things for their channel
Hey😊
11
0:48 this has gotta be a deepfake problem something…?
Is it just me or is the view count of this video really stuck at 418?
What happened to his face 😕,,  he looked like a clone of himself
I'm so happy to see you back on, James! I hope you're doing better. Also, not that it matters, but I find your new beard terrible. I hope it'll be gone after the John Wick video
good to have you back james, thanks brother
can you respond
Winter Soldier Arm ftw
We found the true Canadian Wolverine ❤
Wow James looks different... literally
why does he look like wolfaryin
hello
Hack smith is looking completely different and new this video.
if someone see this tell James: I like his new hair
Yey
With the hair dye, he looks like he could be Tony Stark! Sweet!
welcome back ☺️ !!
Spanish subtitle????????????????????????????? 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Surprised to see you back so soon
I love u guys but that AG1 company is scam dogshit. £79 for a 30g, 30 servings pouch of vitamins.
You should do a collab with Mark Rober!
What's up with the deepfake/AI face filter?
Everything in this video is too cool.
The world would be boring with out hacksmith
Wow I am pretty quick for this today.
Its kinda crazy to think this is all happening literally just an hour away from me
Why don't ya just make the inside of the venom tube waterproof
thank you for the subtitles !
I would to like to see arc reactor you probably don’t have 33 trillion dollars but still if you could I would like to see these
Finish the Winter Soldier arm!
why does he look so different? like a knock-off Keanu reeves
Is black hair just the makeover for the vid? Or is it new go to?
7
Did they freaking deepfake the hacksmith?
Did you get plastic surgery?
#7
NileRed made some ferrofluid that didn't stick to glass few years ago. And his video on process is decently detailed, so it should be possible to recreate it.
Have been waiting for the winter soldier arm....
a
Love the vid!!!
I would love to see a hacksmith set of Edith glasses, I hear you have an inside man...
I feel like your so underrated…I love your videos
Huh
good work
Altough nearly all of these would be cool I understand why they're not easy to make.  But there's still many-many other amazing projects that could be made. and some simple but amazing ones too  I personally don't have a lot of ideas that would be interesting to others but I still can't wait to see what's the next thing you guys come up with
whats with that look
16comments?
Yo james has had a complete makeover! glad to see him back on the youtube grind with a fresh look
Looking fresh mate
Good to see James back! Super clean video! Very cool to see some projects I haven't seen before.
you should make the digitally added sign at the start of the video real lol
:D
you and jlazer should team up for a vid plz!
So many insanely cool video ideas!!!!
Winter soldier arm.... with the collab you mentioned!!  Looking good Hacksmith! Glad to see you back!
17th comment hurray 🤩
Glad yo see you doing okay  Also I would love to see winter soldiers arm completed
Wow These re askg
Hello
Helicopter hat is so cool
hows it only 418 views 33 minutes after posting lol im not hating or anything i promise im just confused
Great>
i realy want to see the doctor octopus progect
What's with your face man???
winter soldier arm project I would like to see more about that
Build an ark reactor
New look inspired by John Wick!
its an amazing feeling to see you back James
Haveny watched u for so long that u look like a differeny person 😁😉
These are so cool
Dude do blades of chaos
Yay, let's make a head-mounted helicopter!!!  All joke aside, the Winter Soldier arm would definitely be a great video. Seriously. Do that.  P.S. Looking good, man! You are rocking that John Wick style!
dang i thought i was first
yall are amazing. My kids love yall.
Did James always look like this??  I can swear he looks different...
Mans looks like a clone
dude looks like edward newton and RDJ all in one
419th
#1
I would vote for ether the “arc reactor” or the “flying like Ironman” project
17th yay
I like to see anything
He looks creapy af
winter soldier arm
DO THE ARC REACTOR
Welcome back
what happend to you w
Bro we would like to see arc reactor
Why does he look AI generated?
Zzzzzzzzz.. Zzzzzz
Shadow the Hedgehog’s shoes!
The second I saw James my immediate reaction was that he looked like Tony Stark in iron man 1
Have you died you hair
Well a good Saturday just got better lol !
KICK ASS!
Why are the views stuck at 418
uhhhh who are you?
i love you guys
Glad to see you! Hope all is well my bro
He is back let's go hope you are okay to do videos like you use to.
As a kid all the projects i couldn't do i can see here happening in reality 😊
bro just turned italian
Behind these projects how many efforts,perseverance,hard word,motivational and sweat 😓  that the hacksmith industries had face😮  I love to your efforts and  futuristic things I have seen in the comics and fiction movies are making real 🎉 hatts off🎉
How are you doing man, hope you and the team are well
Nice
17 th
fling like iron man pls
Ide love to see you guys make green goblins glider
Bionic arm, iron man flying is cool to but I prefferable would preffer a bioic arm wich could litterly smash through walls.
Why does he look different
Hope bogdons ok
I'm loving the beard and hair! You look great man and I hope you are feeling great too!
I'd love to see you do more Overwatch projects someday. It's already my headcanon that the character Sojourn's railgun is based on designs by you guys, since you created the handheld railgun a few years back. Maybe you could try recreating her power slide or something. New heroes (and eventually PvE enemies) that come out may have more doable projects as well, so I'd love to see it.
Number 8 octopuss arms, so many real life applications
Hi and wow
In my experience, a jet engine on a stick loses its appeal the moment you turn it on
Winter Soldier Arm
Did James dye his hair?
Looks dope
i would say either the WORK FROM HOME ROBOT, the DR.OCTOPUS ARMS or the WINTER SOLDIER ARM.  Flying like iron man would be cool thoe
Winter soldier arm
Man is really trying to be iron man but he looks even better hope you doing good James
Bot to be mean nut Whatsappje hapend to hos face
cool
who
Reply Tomato If You See Thiss
inspector gadget and winter solder arm!
James, you got that epic Gigachad look. Hope you're doing well since we last saw you.
What happened to your face !?
please take care of yourself, i know how hard it can be to struggle with depression, dont force yourself to do anything you feel is beyond you!
number 8 looks cool to finish
Hm yee
sad to see nate and kelly removed from tkor :/
brown was gud!
It would be really cool to have a video where you rig everything up to Jarvis and have it so people can run everything from home
yay
I remember seeing the Inspector Gadget Helicopter project in the background of a few videos, and I instantly new what it was. I was really looking forward to seeing it work so if you finish any of those projects, let it be that one! Thanks so much for the great video! 💜
ey
pls remake the flying like iron man
Good see him back keep it going 🎉🎉
Hdisjnd
17th comment
I'd like to see the Winter Soldier arm.
I'm 17)
hi
Nice
Love your videos! Keep it up
James looks like a doll in this video he looks good
10:16 ouuuuch. eso tiene que doler
try making a robot controlled by chatGPT
why does bro look like soilder boy
Love this Videos
11
I would like to see the iron man suit that flies❤
0:20 Nice hair bro!
Bro looks AI generated
Cheese
great videos
so cool to see them
Is it me or his face looks very different  👇
Bro looks like plastic now
20 MIN AGO BUT ALREADY HAS 2.3K LIKES
Glad to see James back!
Glad your back, you look better than ever!
He looks good with black hear and beard. 10/10
BRO! Now that's a glow up! You look amazing, and I'm glad to see you're doing well. I'd like to see #11 WITH that sponsorship. Just imagine, a person who has lost their arm, use the sponsors arm pared with the work you've done on the project so far. That would he awesome!
Sweet
You guys still have so far to go 🙂
Epic vid
It’s just me or James look like Chuck Norris 😅
Awesome video!!! Keep it up.
Damn, looking good.
I'd like to see the Winter Soldier arm. Not only it sounds safe, but also useful.
I love these vids, y'all are amazing
I wanna be truthful and it may hurt, but the dye is not for you
Could you make a expandable watch gauntlet like iron man’s in civil war
I like ya cut-g
When it comes to the doctor octarms I think you're thinking of it in the wrong way it's not strapped to your back you're strapped to it
sheeesh
dam bro is lookn diff
Bro looks like gigachad now sheesh
:0000000
im here to be one of the first comments, also great work with the videos and keep it up!!!!
Awesome!
You trying to look like wolverine?
daddy chill
Awesome
Our Inner Child Is Going Crazy 😆
dodgeball trebuchet would be more sensible
i dont think you should of gave it to cally 😅
God I really like the dodgeball robot
I would love to see the Doc. Octupus Arms!
17 mins
Thanks for this! I really have wondered numerous times just what happens to your scrapped projects, and what things you've attempted (but couldn't see through).
Now he is looking like Keanu reeves 😂
Cool!
Please make a dodgeball robot butt instead of one super precise ball it predicts where you cud be and throws multiple balls
EARL- nvm late
10% of bro's arm is Winter Soldier's arm titanium :))
You're looking fantastic, Hacksmith!  I hope you are feeling better!  Praying you have a complete return of the masterful mojo, sir!
I'm malayalam
Wow that crazy
Bro be looking different 😅. Looks good though
Love you and your videos
I love your videos
AI FACE ?!!!
.
Arc reactor would be cool tho
186th
Greetings from Turkey
if you notice with doc oc, most of the time he is not carrying the arms as much as they are carrying him, perhaps ooking at it as if it was a walker with 2 powerfull arms might help
What happend to Rylee afterwards?
u look a bit strange in this vid like u guys using eye tracking ai or smth...am i the only one who feel like that?
yoo sick! I'd love to see Doc Ock Arms...like how it's placed in no. 8 🐙also what's with james' new look? 🤔
Is it just me or does this guy look good in every costume
Pls iron man suit
They need to do a collab with mark rober!!
He looks like wolverine
Hi
I love how a lot of these inventions involve flying
Your hair color and beard... New IronMan video soon?
Amazing video 👍🏻👍🏽👍
bro turned into a chad
I vote for Dr. Octooo!
The return of the king!
Why are you looking similar to Tony Stark
James you're beautiful come on Keanu say it back lol 😂😉👌 love the vids
wtf is wrong with his face I think thats AI generated shit man
17 commont
I always check for new videos and videos I’m always sad when I don’t see one
is it me or is james face different
417 views with 1.1k likes how does that work
Doctor Octopus arms!
James looks so different!
I am the biggest fan from🇮🇳
17th!!! noti gang!
Hi
You absolutely need to make the arc reactor from iron man!!
W hack smith
Damn, I hope your mental health is as good as your cut
Finally the legend hacksmith industries is back🔥🔥🔥🇧🇩
You look like tony stark
Bro your face had changed
17th
i remember i cust descovered you with the flying like iron man project. i am following since that video and i woluld realy like to see that project alive.
Is this Reuploded
sick hacksmith always hits
you really look like logan- Go grab your Claws!
I hope James gets better
bbgum 6 min in...
Is it just me or does James look different 2:20
Que proyectos tan geniales tenían bajo la manga
No way! I caught a hack smith video 4 minutes after release
I think you guys should definetely finish the iron man flying project and the winter solider project
Hope you are doing great !! Get well soon sir.
hi hacksmith /))
Looks good
Less go  Edit: so amazing see you grow from a one man show to an army . 🥲
u look different
RAD!
🦾
Early!
This is soo cool, love your work.
Damn, love to see new vids everyday!
Love this videos!
You and Jake Laser need to collab on a hulkbuster that flies
Always love to see these amazing tech and funny items from fiction and games come straight to reality
Did he dye his hair and beard
I honestly want to see them make a Transformer at can transform
17th
MHA bakugo granade gauntlets
who?
do members get early access to your vid
I’ve been wishing for an update on the Inspector Gadget helicopter hat lol
Hacksmith Industries casually building another "Area 51"
Juhu
Nice
Hi I love your videos
Today's Fact: In 2020, a team of physicists used a laser to create a new type of 'supersolid' material that has the properties of both a liquid and a solid.
Hope you are doing good James
One thing I have noticed: these video thumbnails are incredible
I am excited to see the Bionic Arm. Did the winder soldier  It is great to see the projects that don't work out. This is just a fact when running a business like this so it is good to see your efforts!
Happy to see my boy back in black!
What project would you like to see finished?
So impressed to see the evolution, since the start of "flying like Ironman" you have really made alot of cool projects. You guys rock.
I'd like to see either, the ARC reactor finished and I'll be a test subject if need be as I don't care about radiation poisoning, or the Winter Soldier arm finished as that's cool AF.
Thanks for the great video have a good day
Can't wait for the colour changer for the minisaber!
I love it ❤️
Man is looking good! Hope his mental health is going great, keep up the good work!
Please make a update on all of the current projects in progress.
