heheheh wasn't that a fun little animation! Want another? Click here! https://youtu.be/Tk8O7XOTTMg
but Infinite was the worst one of the entire franchise
This aged horribly
Don is a real one  Any time he's discussing something on a religious merit, it's never arbitrarily maintained
This video aged like milk
The old Halo was best, with Master Chief's clean unsegmented visor. Clean and pure with no divisions. Pure and solidly one. One uniform piece of glass that was a purely singular monolith of purity
This means y'all know Bible lore in pretty good detail honestly. Tremendously based.
Notice how reach wasn't there to embrace infinite. Because it will truly only ever be a pale imitation of the past
Oh boy yeah this didnt age well
It died for the sins of 343 and halo studios. Oh we are so screwed.
I didn’t want much from halo infinite tbh I only wanted more story when expectations are that low how do you shit the bed that badly man
0:43 Satan’s giggle will always get me 😂
343 definitely raped me
1:08 what the fuck
Just make Spartans slightly slower than warthogs,  funny grunt, and marine one liners, the flood, full auto assault rifle, make the flood level horror, duel welding, and a well written story with the ending open for a sequel. I will be happy
where's reach, why have we forgotten reach
FIgHT THE TEMPTATIONS
I'm laughing, but I'm also impressed with the obscure biblical references just to get the joke pay-off at the end...
Where’s reach?
But yet they gave in to modern audience Politics and macro transactions
Never played it, even for one second.
love the bible refrence
1:07 the blu hair girl with a hear hair band. What is that clothing brp
Omg the ending was accurate lmao  Well, infinite failed for different rhings though
Then he lost to it.
dang i heard something like this in the bible
I thought this video got deleted did it?
1:05 I came (not like that), I saw, I left.
Love this bible reference 😂
Halo Infinite is definitely looking for relevance now
Grrr!! 2:05 not the spitfire! Hurrah down with the shite!
although infinite has slipped from it's former glory, no longer one of the saints, it still stands above the demons that is 4 and 5
Oh how far a king has fallen
This didn't age well...
This is heresy
This aged like fine wine. He was not in fact the game of a generation. He fell, fell like so many before him.
“The boobiest of streamers”
he  has fallen
If only we got the other three quarters of the campaign
So let me get this straight. If this whole fan universe is based on biblical and videogame events, does it mean that... Pong was Adam and Eve. Pac-Man was Abraham. Mario was Moses. Master Chief was Jesus. and Kratos was, Muhammad?
accurate
2:03 YOU FORGOT THE CLAM,I REPEAT YOU FORGOT TO CENSOR THE IRON CLAM
343 graped me
why is this Jesus but masterchief?
Good thing i know where this is based on
Blasphemy. Just Blasphemy. Shame on you.
The last temptation of Chief.
damm i am a thirty year old man from anywhere.. i feel old and odly proud
Watched halfway, drunk, you almost made me vomit.. sorry bud.. try harder.
Love it how i searched thos video and you get a bunch of reaction videos instead. I fucking hate this algerythm sometimes.
And now, halo infinite has become the worst of all. Cat ears, pride flags, a tonne of expensive micro-transactions and a bad battle pass with mid free stuff.
Самое забавное , что они всетаки сделали батлрояль
Its fun because the game sucks
And it came to pass that the once pure Halo Infinite, fell from Grace, and into the depths of microtransaction hell
Too much information 😂😂😂😂
Alas, Halo Infinite fell to temptation and lost its way since this video was published. Time to send the Zoom Slayer…if he managed to escape the Tik Tok underworlds 😅.
Ok pause on those girls look at that one she’s getting clapped
South Park r dialogue 💀
Wow, inspired by the bible bit how blasphemy is this?
Infinite is still so good. Still the best arena shooter out and it's not even close. Bo6 wishes it could be infinite.
Honestly looking back at this years later it aged poorly.
why doesn't this video appear in my normal feed when I search for it?
Master Jesus!
As a 30 something year old man I felt this.
LOL xD
Satan already won that battle , thats why halo infinite was made by 343  😭💀
0:43 has me in fucking tears wtf
Ironically enough my 40 yr dad likes this game lmao
this didn't age very well, until the end
Doom is better
Satan Won
The fact that 1:03 is the most replayed says a lot.
Row fal
i dont know if this is blastphemy or not
I fucking loved this 😂😂 bro infinite chiefs voice has me dying
ODST has left the chat
See this is why there is a huge difference between Halo's community and Dooms community
They should make a 50 v 50 mode where we can play in cool battles masterchief got to be in. Earth shocktroopers vs covenant would be better than battlefront and battlefield. Just steal the game mode😭
This is so real
for real twitch is basically the new OF
But Halo Infinite commited the greatest sin of all gaming. It became a LIVE SERVICE!!!
Was so good had to watch it twice
If only they had finished the game before they released it.
Halo 6 isn't a halo, I don't expect halo 7 to be any better either.
I don see anybody talking about the fact that this is clear mockery
I love the bible refrains.
I stopped playing Infinite bc no assassinations
this aged badly for the game... the animation is goat
Lol as a christan who read the story about the temptation of Jesus this was hilarious and. A nice recap 😂
Most replayed 💀
The most replayed part is exactly what you think it is
More like: If you are truely the game of the century, WHERE IS YOUR CAMPAIGN SPLITSCREEN CO-OP?
10
Bro the start is a bible verse
Alas, Halo Infinite's legacy would be neither one of disappointment nor greatness.  Halo Infinite's legacy is "Meh, it's 'aight." Which is honestly worst when you think about it.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WEMEN!!! AAAAAAAAAA
I betrayed halo by buying a ps5, I let master chef die for my sins of horrible racist, sexest, and homophonic shouts of anger, only for Microsoft to ban my account because they are s bunch of cunts.
Jesus reference
Pfft Halo infinite was and remains the most pathetic let down of the entire series. Jump jets were fucking awesome, running is essential and they just said fuck all that cool stuff lets make halo 3 pvp again, with worse weapons. Terrible, just terrible.
“343 rpd me”😂😂😂
It's so ironic to watch this nowadays
Should've been Reach/4/5
Without the ability to frag the ass clowns on your own team all victories are hallow.😢
We going to Mathew Chapters 3 and 4 with this one
I knew I wasn't going crazy.
May the lord forgive
Well, this aged quite poorly  Edit: It didn't, I forgot about the ending
I'm only 25!... F*ck you  Ps: this is just for funnies
Bible moments
This is wrong.        And also dumb
He couldn't use his powers for selfish reasons, Blessed Be.
this is based on my favorite bible story. its called Jesus is tempted :-)
We need a sequel
“343 RAPED ME”
And Halo Infinite proceeded to suck anyway and dry up extremely quickly regardless of any restraint, because they somehow still managed to fuck over their own fans with promised features and an overall worse experience than older titles, again. Infinite had a fraction of the hype surrounding its release thanks to their godawful track record and it still somehow dug a deeper hole despite having at least SOME good will and Bungie inspiration behind it. F.  Also if this channel could stop riding the "sex sells" shit it would be great, feels like it's a necessity for every animation to revolve around something hypersexualized to put in the thumbnail.
Evil click bait
Halo is DEAD
In Halo 4's defense, it was more of a tech demo anyway
Yeah I was very excited too, but then it devolved into a basic boring map and doing what seemed to be the same thing over and over. Destabilize this part of the map then go and beat the “mini boss.”
Is this........ Blasphemy
Battles royale are boring.
this age like a cardboard of milk put under the sun for two years but 343tards will drink that shit anyway Fuck Halo
As a 30+ year old  man. I was very excited!!!
This aged, so well.
blurs the tits but not the bottom part lmao
This hasn’t aged well lol  Micro transactions suck
this shit aged like milk
30 year old men... that's hilarious
Why does everyone just quote the goddamn flash get so many likes? Stop it! Get help!
2:03 i know the artist. lool at the lower half.
I actually just finished reading the gospels. This was surprisingly accurate. Thank you for the laugh.
Rip infinite
Yeap, that's exactly what happend.
Equity vs Equality except it’s halo
I'm still stabbing halo infinite to this day Took way too long for them to make it playable
Halo 4 was good
master cheft + captin diablo = master diablo
The west trying to confront a religous boy in gen Z🗿
Halo infinite is the best halo game since reach i swear
Please roast Studio Wildcard and Snail Games
I love your guys' south park 'impersonations' for characters
This aged perfectly when you realize it made a comeback into a better game
💪 😂...
With all of the updates, the game has also been resurrected it feels like
Surely pure of any content
I’ve played all the halo games halo infinite is good but never will reach halo 2 and 3
halo infinite was such a disappointment
The Bible references had me dying
Looks like Satan won
Should have taken the Battle Royale deal.
Ripped off the Gospel
Satan has enveloped Halo Infinite
Well how does it age?
Well this aged well......
I miss when Halo MCC had an active player base for PVE Modes.
thumbnail checks out
The game of a generation? Halo is not even a good game, is just one more irrelevant piece of fps shit....
From the beginning, I knew that this was based off the bible. It's still funny tho.
This just appeared on my feed
It took a while, but Halo Infinite as of December 5th, 2023 is actually playable. Custom game browser, Firefight, infection game modes, BTB heavies, Halo 3 Legacy maps and overall QOL updates.  With the previous management literally purged from 343i and the people who turned Halo MCC around into a good game now at the helm, things are looking good.
Aged like milk (microtransactions)
The blasphemy in this video is off the charts! Even though I love Halo Bungie games no offense my fellow Spartans ❤
That was awesome!
Halo infinite is lowkey awesome
And then Infinite ended up sucking anyway 🤣
Well to be fair halo was tempted successfully in being a battle royal game or did we forget that shitty game mode that was on infinite for a little?it wasn’t terrible but it was horrendous to see on a halo game
The women has come get ready men
This one was awesome
We will see in 2024 if infinite rises from the dead. Just like Jesus on the 3rd day.  Update: Oh its dead. Oh its fucking dead.
This really didn't age well...
The likes says it all
Its a shame that Halo Infinite had to venture fort to the desert for 40 days & 40 nights in the search of self (content). It was hard, but it has returned to us, with banging custom games 🔥
Little infinate has some growing to do, but they made it.... they made it.....
this is probably the most accurate video i've seen on flashgitz
I am 30's year old man, and I am really happy.
Halo 2 will forever be king
Shame the game was so fucking ass. Halo really will never be the same as anything past 3 (reach is an exception because it's amazing. Not 4 though, 4 was hot garbage)
Dam, guess some plans really don’t work…
It’s a halo interpretation, but that is basically the 40 days 40 nights stuff in the New Testament of the Bible.
time for a resurrection video now
halo 5 and 4 were better then halo infinite because halo infinite is way to long
Didn't they make a battle royal
After season 5 I can now say this is finally a reality
100% like - just don;t keep doing these or someone will catch on that truth isn't woke
30 year old men are very exited hahahahaha😊
It may have fallen once but the signs of redemption are showing. If the Acting Male and Notable Luke can give it a second chance maybe we all can
So no Nobel six mean halo didn’t pass me sad
As a 30 tear old man i must say “all man shall be created in the arena. In the arena of the Flying steps”
Two years later and it describes the game perfectly
My laptop was soo bad at running halo infinite that i had wall hacks
“Because that would be,…… gay” is the funniest thing I’ve ever heard in my whole life.
This video perfectly described the arc that Halo Infinite went through. A clear vision that wasn’t fully realized yet. The fan base rejecting Halo Infinite, then a resurrection of the player base when Season 5 released, truly making Halo…Infinite!
He has risen from the dead and ascended to the heaven's with Season 5
no dime-a-dozen joke about microtransactions? I'm disappointed
We need a resurrection of Halo infinite animation Season 5 Is here and INFINITE IS SO BACK BABY
At least it is better than Halo 5
This aged beautifully.
That ending was crazy
I actually screamed here🥲  1:10
Its a shame halo was tempted by satan in the end
Infinite is amazingly good now. However, the ranking kinda sucks. Was D4 when the game launched and now I cant even make it out of gold. Even though I am smacking dudes in gold 4.
SOMEONE did their homework on Christian mythology, WOW those were some good details! :D
we made it to the rebirth stage lol
You forgot to block out the planussy
Halo is one of the best game
Stop moking jesus he died for us😢😢😢😢😢
"Forgive them, Chef, for they do not know what they want in a game."
Wonder why this was buried under a bunch of crappy reaction videos to it.  Also, yeah, this couldn't have been more accurate at the ending 😂
*These guys know and have shown it very well that it is the work of Satan to tempt human beings with the luxuries, lust and fame of this world yet fell for it themselves*
I am ashamed to say I clicked this for the Boobiest of thumbnails. I'm not even being tested and I have failed
And now the games dead af and halo fan boys like me are left to die sad and alone
I wonder if FlashGitz has a r34 Account..  *Edit:* DEAR GOD THEY HAAAAAVE!
2:04 so they can’t show titties, but they can show a clit?
Nobody: Most Replayed:
Microsoft has A LOT of work to do with the HALO series, and giving us a finished game at launch
Sick bible parody. Hopefully the fans are not too degenerate to miss the joke.
Amazing animation
They took away assassinations. 😡
Funny, as now 343 has made Halo Infinite even Better. But at least now I understand it more.
Well satan won
It should have been halo 5 instead.
Wtf why have i never seen this
As a Christian I think this is a funny analogy of halo infinite. 😂 And Jesus does help you in times of temptation because he himself was tempted, and the temptation in the desert is one of the examples of that. So now those who believe in Jesus can have liberty from rebellion against God. But not only that, but those who believe in Jesus are not condemned but forgiven of their sin.   I know that flash gitz is very worldly and not at all christian but I was still surprised by this analogy of Jesus in the desert. Someone on their team must have grown up in Sunday school...
Reach wasn’t included because it is too holy for us lowly mortals
I played halo 3.. that was the last until I now played halo infinity and.. very good
People need to be great full that the game didn't like halo 5 or 4
...Kill the phonies.
this didnt age well
This aged well
what about him raising from the dead
This might be a year old but that's exactly what happened
🤣 lmao he should of taken the job opportunity
next halo game gonna be risen from the dead
Halo: Reclaimed
I see what I'm supposed to takeaway from this, zoomers are equivalent to the Jews from like 2000 years ago 😂
i was soooo excited for halo inf, i dont care to much about the other stuff.
Halo reach and halo 3 odst were sadly absent
well, that aged like milk, form what I hear they are working on a battle royale game mode, I think they are even working on a class-based team game mode as well.
The god
2:04 hmm nice
I never really got why Halo was so popular. That aside, this is funny as hell.
Wanna know what’s funny that was the nail for me when fortnite invaded halo infinite
man he is very religious
lol 343 R**ed me at the end came out of no where
Cat ears in the game so Satan won
It was tempted
Flashgitz fell off
haha I wonder how flashgitz feels now a year later
“If you are truly the game of the generation then prove it and turn these stones to dance emotes”  “Because that would be… GAY”
I don’t know why, but I really had to search to find this again.
🤢🤢🤮🤮Hentai Waifu 👎👎👎👎
I feel like Flashgitz would make a killing if all they did was mock videogame releases.
Anyone else notice it's about the same number of downvotes for every video that criticizes the left regardless of the content creator? Hmm....
WHat?.. It Got Bettha!
ha, i only JUST noticed how the infinite symbol lights up when he hears he past the tests after watching the scene on repeat for a dozen or so times just so i can hear that incredible variant of never forget
“30 year old men wept”
Where is halo reach in the middle of all this
Still no multiplayer elite though
2:04 they forgot to censor the clit Lmao.
kinda sad that microsoft screwed over 343 post launch TWICE
Satan was right what hes saying, campaign + battle royal
"Drink, infinite, drink from the fount of microtransactions and battlepasses, and claim your destiny..." "And what must we give in return?" "Everything."
1 year later: the game is dead, just like the rest of the failures
Lmao this shit was funny as hell and to the point. It sucks too, tbh I enjoyed Halo 4 and 5 but then again I was never a hardcore player. I wasn't even really that keen for multiplayer in any halo game, I started played Gears of War and CoD 4 as my first online games so my taste steered in that direction. However I actually really liked playing Halo Infinite online, at first... But after around maybe 75 games and going negative consistantly (something that never happens even at games I for a fact suck at), and on almost all my 1v1 fights I'd get 3 outta 3 easily without issue and the 4th shot would always be unnaturally inaccurate. Not to mention it literally looked as though I was being 2 shot, even felt like the span of 2 shots, even though its suppose to be a 4 shot with the BR. So I gave it up, campaign was so uninteresting right from the getgo I didn't even bother trying to go back to that lol. Sad to see such a good series end up where it is now
So they censor anthro plain titties... but not anthro plane clit... fair
Well, this animation made going to a Christian school for 14 years. Almost worth it, you heard me from K 4 through senior year. After third grade, you get a real bleeping, tired of hearing the same bleeping bleep over and over again.
This aged realt bad, Do you remember the second coming of Christ? Well, they came in your face
i don’t like the fact that that is the most replayed part of the video
Bring back the busty female bodies!
I saw Halo, Halo 2, and Halo 3 but where was Halo Reach?
Noodle needs to watch this
To this day this video is still accurate
Sometimes I really ask myself why he doesn't make r34
2:05 umm… you forgot to cover something
In retrospect this isn’t correct
I'm 30 years old now, and I was very excited for the Halo Infinity 😅
And yet infinite was terrible
Grave mind: “A monument to our sins.”
why…
I can’t be the only one who kinda wants a BR Halo.
Everyone is saying this aged poorly when the video shows exactly how it happened when the game released 🤣
"343 raped me" bro💀...
censored the boobs on the spitfire but left the vag huh
Am i the only one who noticed that Holo 5 was drawn that way cause he was born pre-maturely from the previous vid collabed with mashed?
this ages bad......
"343 r a p e d me". 💀💀💀💀
> Censors the Airplane's tits > Doesn't censor the Airplane's vagoobra  Never change lads. Never change.
This aged poorly
This is funny cus they're making a battle royale mode.
343 raped me     😂😂
This did not age well
This video did not age well
Its been a year and I still fucking cant even with this video xD  Absolutely outstanding and incredible.
Accurate
Cat ears
I like how it’s been an entire year and they can get away with literally showing pussy 😂2:04 yeah I’ll admit it I’m pretty familiar with warplane porn you can see the intake 🤣 oh God I need a hobby
I love how this is the lore of Jesus being tested by Satan IRL. Literally step by step but sub in other stuff instead of booby, streamers and relevance.
Would pay money to have Master Chiefus read the New Testament in the voice. With the AI voice generator, it might just be possible.
Update: Satan Won
Unfortunately the game fail bad.
Well this aged like milk
Infinite is the fallout 3 of halo, 40% to 70% of hardcore halo players hate it but everyone who likes it is actually really cool
Oooooo oooo oooo o oooo ooo ooo ooo
This aged kind of terribly
we need another
if only it ended this way...
lol only if this would have been true. How halo has fallen
This reminds me of South Park 😂😂😂
The worrying thing is that the airplane tits at the end is an actual comic series
As a 16 year old Christian boy I despise of this ignorance
i love halo 3s voice
He perished for our sins.
This aged poorly
Any Halo is better than Halo 1 anyway, piece of trash game, why is everyone so horny for it.  Its endless backtracking and every stage looks the same
Unfortunately, This Didn't Age Well. Still Amazing Work.
0:48 honestly this is something that I loved about halo and another arena games, I hate load outs and all that shit
Satan won
Did I hear someone say 343 reep me?
halo infinite suck so bad
Atheist SCOOENCEtards coping in the comments lol
This age like milk 🥛 😐
You did good Master Chief you did good.
Boy this aged like milk
Im 31, this hit me right in the truth area.
This was bloody brilliant.
Oh how this has aged😮‍💨
*Most played* looks like a lot of people were "tempted"
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
i don't think its fair to put Halo 4 in the same boat as 5. H4, while probably the furthest from the original gameplay in some ways, still had a lot of stuff going for it. it was fast paced, sure, and the loadouts and killstreak rewards were a meh feature, but i like being able to sprint whenever i want. plus, it has a good amount of sandbox, probably the most weapons since Halo 3. the customs community were a bit lackluster compared to Reach, but it otherwise has some fun Action Sack modes, and it's of my favorite game for SWAT, tied with Halo 2 Classic.
I can’t decide whether this aged like shit or like wine. On one hand most of the video is hardly true today, but the end with the crucifixion is pretty accurate as the game is dead as hell.
A little over one year later and Infinites resurrection was stopped by a too heavy stone in front of the cage and most people trying to help him move it have given up and left.
This game feels amazingly unfinished. So much important lore stuff happem just out of screen/ game like how did the UNSC fight Cortanas Rebellion? How did the Banished get involved ? What happen to Halses a d the Arbeiter? HOW DID ATRIOX defeated Cortana anyway?? Its like a whole GAME is missing between 5 and Infinite. By the way infinite is ectremly repetitive and lazy we dont have any bin or epic moments,  no scarap Fights nothig of a great scale just the Illusion of it. I Love the feel of the Gane mechanics feels like Halo but the Game is nothing special after 6 FULL Years of production time. They literally scam Microsofts money for years and created an half ass game as product plus wanted to make it an 10years life Service Plattform xD they reduced the KING of the GAMES to an  mediocre experience not worth to be remembered at all. I damit there some nice Story elements but this is not enough for a HALO game..
01: 15 😱😭 go away
This feels like something straight out of South Park
Do not be tempted my Spartan brother.
Doom does girls the boys
is that a crazy tails laugh? 1:14
The game is dead as fuck
As a Christian, I can confirm that this is how it’s written in the New Testament.
Remember when this was how people saw infinite? Like it was a good game? until multi-player got canceled, battle passes were added, Playlists of modes no one wants to play were put in, 343 really was tempted by Satan
I love the bible story reference
As someone who was raised in the Quake and Unreal generation: Halo, battlefield, CoD, they all are/were atrocious and a massive step back for FPS'. We don't even have freely explorable maps and meaningful inventory/health/armor management anymore. Unless they rediscovered these concepts along the line, I refuse to play garbage anymore.
The boobiest of streamers 🤣
Where’s reach?
The master chief drawings are true art to behold
The mountain of most replayed.
this is halo's version of the fucking bible bc the good one is = to Jesus and the bad one is satan
i do dislike battle royal games, i gues i was born in the clean batch of zoomers
6,666 comment!!!
Hello
Hi
" GET OUT OF HERE SATANNNNN!!!" 😂😂😂
I think it didn't do to bad actually it was good
Is that Jesus halo guy
Wasn't expecting an Aeromorph to cross my screen. But where else would it be if not on flashgitz?
The fact the most replayed part is when the egirls are on screen yall down bad horrendously.
This didnt age well
I was one of the 30+ year old men crying tears of joy.
Man this aged like milk
E
ayo ya'll didn't censor the bottom half of that anthro plane at the end of the video
Really thought halo infinite would be back to how real halo was, but it's just another cluster fuck that 343 has done again, bring Bungie back!!!
would have been better if you cast mel gibson as master chief
the egirls in the thumbnail yup
That aged well...
Let they who did not buy halo infinite cast the first stone.
Aged like fine wine.
Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.
I love how this is kinda religous in a way.
Too bad the game sucks.
Where's halo ODST.
"Did i pass the tests" cracks me u every time.
Still no coop...
Looking at Halo infinite now, this didn't age well. lol
This game was lauded as the second coming of Christ, and in the end became nothing more then the second coming of Judas
Too bad Satan got to Saint Infinite in the end
As someone who is Catholic but not a halo fan (i’ve never played the game yet) I just love this
Flashgitz this needs a sequel. For that Infinite has fallen to the evils.
No, they added cat ears, didnt add co-op and took forever for Forge mode.
"SIMP"ly
"No, because... that would be gay
and attention from the boobiest of streamers  wtf
After almost a year of no content and hope has returned this game could truly become the game of the generation we just have to wait a little bit. Hold hope brethren we will be victorious some day halo infinite shall be restored to glory
hm, i wonder why 1:06 is the most replayed
Yall goin to hell
Lol Infinite Master Chief sounds like Trey Parker.
“Oh you better believe that’s a crucifixion!”
“343 raped me!”
I miss the part of the bible when Jesus put some cat ears and sell the color blue while abadone his diciples to make a br but hey maybe i need to Reed the good book again just in case
The crucifixion at the end is so symbolic. My God
If only we knew how it would end
In the end it was not we who forsaken infinite, but infinite, who for forsaken us
Damn this aged like milk 🤣
This did not age well
Finally a religion we can get behind
The Halo trilogy, the God of War trilogy, and the Metroid Prime trilogy. We seriously have no idea how good we had it back then.
Yeah he turned to the darkside
Well this didn’t age well
Man, someome at the end said "343 raped me". I had to play it twice. Almost spit my drink laughing.
Aged like milk
i hope they redo this one and make it show how infinite actually got treated
Halo is the game of a generation but Minecraft is the game of all time
I'm that One Kid Watched alot of Bible Learning Cartoons Including the ones that The Mendela Catalogue Changef
this makes me want to play halo infinite. i've always loved arena shooters, and i am ready to see an ew one.
What sad is I thought that was Doom, not Halo at first.
Christ came back after the Crucifixion, so does that mean it's better after that?
1:28 hardest frame in youtube history
My favourite part was the 30yo men everywhere are very excited
Pretty much that whole situation
don’t ouch me halo 4/5 that’s so sad bro
This did not age wel
The 30 year old m3n everywhere comment got me hung up hha. I'm 31 and halo was the Don back in the day.
Uh oh, did not aged well
Need a follow up episode where Bonnie Ross gets yeeted
Now it became just as bad as cod being a cashgrab
Sadly infinite fell to the temptation
Meanwhile in season two there are hello kitty colored Spartans.
Really  sad that our savor was a false prophet
This didn't age well
Lmao forward few months
The part where infinite was caught by the original trilogy was actually beautiful. Well done.  Though the temptations of modern gaming trends definitely hits hard with those fucking cat ears they got now.
How many people know this is based on Jesus’ trial in the dessert? Great job flash.
I am proud - doomslayer
2:03 they forgot to-..😳
Yeah that’s kinda how that happened
Check out the most watched part💀
1:08 *you are gonna need this*
Please don't do Mohammed
This video was truly prophetic. Fans have rung 343 out to dry recently. A Battle Royal must be looking real scrumptious to 343 right now.
Noodle needs to watch this.
Why was it so accurate to the Bible
They hated him because he spoke only truths,
Full 🔗 https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
I've only played 3 so far
Bro how can we be that predictible
The ending of this recently came true. RIP Halo.
I'm glad this got re recomended
This is the gold era of flashgitz mark my words
When there was hope for halo. All of it taken away by the dark lords of 343
And then they abandoned it
I love the bible reference
Hey halo 5 ain’t that bad
Halo 3 was fuckin good, the best in my opinion
Halo infinite is holy
F :(
watching this makes me sad
Well Flashgitz was the fucking ghost of Christmas future for 343
This aged well.  ¬_¬
You know.... a battle royal of OG HALO would be awesome
This aged so well
Good job
What a pure soul
Podre jesus se sacrifico por la humanida que esta hora y se quejan de todo bayabse a la mierda lls que piesan hasi por que jehova sienpre lo ve todo  Y sus cosas que su pasa no quiran que vean y por edo sntes de haser algo piense en el sacrifiso de jehova
halo 4 wasnt that bad
this video aged well
And reach?
1:06 “most replayed” dam youtube catching yall in 4k 💀
I love halo 3 I love pure games that don't use women for promotion
Halo infinite can and will fall
Did  Did you parody a Jehovah's witness cartoon???  I love it
"No! You have a perfect civilization! Why would want to add a woman to it?"-Cosmo
We need a slayer that slays doom
What about halo reach
:'
This video aged terrifingly well
So much for “Game of a Generation”.
This aged well
343 Raped me when they removed splitscreen coop
Yeah...about that
Every Twitch streamers weakness is not being gifted subs  That is good to know…
Luke 4. I just realized that lol
a
Well this aged liked fucking milk.
No, John Halo! Resist! RESIST!!!
"You did....30 year old men everywhere are very excited" lmao
But where is halo reach and odst what are they doing
Some one needs to send this to 343
Jesus new theme
And aren't these the same guys that shat all over Halo 4 and 5 by portraying them as a drunk loser and an aborted abomination? Lil too late to hop on the "343 isn't as terrible as people say" wagon
lmao Aged terribly
As a wise man said "boobs are temporary DOOM IS ETERNAL halo is infinite"
Where is noble 6????
https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
.... and leaks of battle royale have come out. It truly is the end of the world.
In the crowd “343 RAPED ME!”
Based
I like Halo infinite. Of course, the H CE-3 fanboys will never be able to be pleased by 343's games, but i feel like they're starting to understand how to make good Halo games. Imagine what would happen if 343 had good resource management. We could get a Halo that finally can be called a successor to Bungie's games.
I mean they added skins Wich was never added in halo for money, jetpacks been added in halo Reach by bungie
Badger Is proud and now ballin
The most replayed is very disappointing
Just realized this was a bible reference.
what the hell did i just watch
poor infinite chief got crucificated
Funnily enough it's probably getting a battle royal
Bro Why is most replayed on the Twitch girls what do people do🤨😤
Now I know... everything...
This didn’t age well…
To bad the game is ass  and has the most incompetent studio running it into the ground
Hehe heresy
This aged a bit poorly
as a guy who read the Bible, very vaguely,  this is accurate
It’s funny this video about infinite is great but infinite as a game……
Dance bombs are gay confirmed                         Watch this be "offensive" 😑
Every men dream
Aged like milk
The three legendary halo games are God's to halo infinite
i was one of the few that that knew this game was going to fail and was bad. people laughed at me, and now who is laughing
This is literally a reference to that one Biblical Story from the Bible where Satan attempted to tempt Jesus into Following his lead in exchange for food since Jesus was stranded in the desert and was starving.
🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
No matter how good something is there will always be a bitchy fortnite kid who will accuse players of cheating, call the game bad and cry when their mums credit card can’t make them win through micro transactions but the greatest games are those that go through it and not give in to the demands of those bitchy kids 🙏
I'm 10
Very accurate lol
The kids who crucified halo infinite Don’t understand it elegance
I expect this to age horribly.
I thought Halo 4/5 were supposed to be sad drunks😂
Orega jengutu Tamiya daaaa
Did he fast for 40 days?
"Because that would be... Gay."  "NYAGH!"
4 and 5 were better, no one plays infinite anymore
We live in a time where short videos on youtube reached a higher quality and perfection than 99% of all modern productions out of hollywood.
As a Zoomer, I prefered the old Halo's. (1, 2, 3, Reach a little)
Origin of Jesus but it’s halo
Alternate title: if emperor palpatine had a game company
I guess halo is a religion now
"Because that would be... gay"
30 year Olds everywhere, we are the last line of defense against the hoards of evil determined to whore out our youth, rip and tear.
And then they announced a battle royale game mode for infinite... just saying
You forgot odst and reach
I never understood the hype about this bad Unreal copy🤷🏼‍♂️
After satan succeeded in tempting halo infinite. Look at the game now. :(
Halo 4 is good
Idk about the rest of you 30 year old men but I stick to the old testaments Halo 1 and Halo 2.
Well I'm not 30 but my brother is and he introduced me to halo so it counts lol
This really seems like a south park bit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7YXXieghto
Infinite do got a battle pass though
This video aged like a fine pool of liquid at the bottom of a trash bag
Ah, for a second i thought i was on newgrounds.
"Dance emotes are gay"  I remember when I was allowed to choose my one colors. And didn't have to pay for mid level pre-set color combos.
Why weren’t there reach and odst among the original trilogy
I love how the infinite crest glows as he "ascends" into god game status.
fortnite temps call of duty next???
We had to crucify him
Master chief sounds like randy Form South Park  Edit actually it sounds like the background characters
34 ur old Christian male and this have me goosebumps.
As a Christian and Halo enthusiast since day 1 , I approve
halo infinite is a fun game just missing so much content but that’s like saying waters wet, everyone knows that.
Worst Halo game
Funny how it fell to temptation
Battle royal is coming to infinite haha
lmao at what a letdown infinite turned out to be. it'll never stand along bungie's greatness. 34e is forever a false prophet
I love how they actually went the BR route too. Talk about a prediction
This did not age well lmao
And a while later it will be revive
I'm pretty sure flashgitz does r34
Boobiest of the gamers cracked me up like a fat mom on a sidewalk
https://youtu.be/1R73sgPi00E?t=64 personally best part of the animation
Wtf
This video seems like it didn't age well
More like 5 ,halo 4 wasnt that bad
The passion of the chief
Halo infinite sucked in my opinion
Halo infinite soon to be adding battle royal
the fucking jet pack queefing away hahahahahahaha
this didn't age well
forgive them Microsoft they know not what they do
Now if only infinite could've maintain the hype. These devs and publishers love putting no effort in games these days
If Master Chief is Christ, then does that make Noble Six, Saint Peter?
????????????????????????????
"Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited." Jokes on you, I'm 40...
guys we ruining halo infinite
Clickbate
' Bros before hoes '
So dam good!!
Do not try to tempt me Halo 4.. slash 5
Is this Herecy/Blasphemy?
Dang that ending
Hey where is Halo Reach in the trio of legendary halo games. I think it also deserved a spot there.
There's something not right about this bloke..
Imma be honest, I liked halo 4.
I like how that this is based on the bible
jesus
Can't you just pay for attention from the boobiest of streamers?  Or at least pay them to pretend to give you attention?
Sooo after a few months halo has not been doing so well and they also are making a battle royale game mode meant to drop in November so halo 4/5 really did say what was going to happen to it (I know it’s a big joke but bro flashgitz was right)
In the name of the combat evolved the 2 and the holy 3 .amen
Honestly, it’s not like halo infinite has to copy every other game to be good. In fact the stuff that’s missing from halo infinite was the stuff that was in every other halo game. Forge, working theater mode, file-share, functioning progression system, lobby chat, service record, wider variety of modes, customizable colors. I know micro transactions are definitely staying and all but if infinite had as much content as halo 3 when it launched it probably wouldn’t need the micro transactions
Looks like halo infinite just ceased to resist.
Yep zoomers be rejecting what is right
Doing right by Halo is the only path of redemption for a gorgeous classic...
O
Why do these videos almost feel like South Park in the late 90s wrote them
Well, this aged well.
Mandate of Heaven: To be counted Righteous always meant to reject Evil absolutely thus when being made aware of Law thus taking God at his word (word made flesh) hence obedience and sacrifice the test of the heart. The Heart is what has always been judged (pure) as good or evil. (Once learned made aware of Law, All People held to account judged by Law known.) (Persia) Zoroastrianism, Egyptian Book of the Dead, and Ancient China Temple of Heaven (Shang-Di) including all cultures all prove the only first religion and priesthood of mankind the Melchizedek Priesthood Jesus Christ inherited. Children, Free Will, & The Tower of Babel cultural language divide delays Jesus Christ's reign As when he claims throne he is immediately responsible for judging both living and dead. All ancients knew of the promised resurrection of the Dead, virgin birth, and judgement of souls; To be perfect is to be complete according to set standard, mathematical law of absolutes good vs evil. The true opposite of love is unholy selfishness, the epitome of pride is self-righteousness. People confuse pride with its righteous opposite which is Glory/Honor all ancients sought. Good is that of Truth/Holy Lawful Order, and Justice. Evil is that of Lies, unlawful disorder, chaos. Jesus Christ is the Law & Test of Faith/Heart concerning righteousness and purity that which is Holy; whereby Jesus Christ the word of God in the flesh is the standard of measure how a person is judged as good or evil based on their choice to receive God's payment blood covering sacrifice through Jesus Christ's Perfect Lawful Life. Faith=Trust. (KJV Bible for English) (Romans Ch.10) (Eternal Life) If you confess with the mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that the creator (supreme spirit) Lord of Heaven hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.” Law/Torah/Israel Eternal Kingdom Family of God/Law of Life embodied by Jesus Christ the 2nd Adam whose body was born from a virgin mother, Jesus Christ has the authority and dominion of the first man and is the Eldest of the Human Race (Virgin Birth promised by Creator before Cain & Able) and First Born resurrected unto Glorification from the Dead. Israel is the church body of Christ Family of God; all people of any nation of the world that choose Righteousness, Honor, & Glory are citizens of Israel the Most High Lord of Heaven's Kingdom. Peace only comes through shed blood finished fulfilled work of the law through complete perfect lawful Holy life of the only promised Messiah Jesus Christ the only begotten son of God born from a virgin with no corruption from Adam's Seed. Islam is Satans Counterfeit of The 12 Tribes of Israel. Most people in world (All Ethnicities) including Arabs that identify as muslims are actually Israelites by Blood (All saved by Blood of Messiah Jesus Christ counted as Israelites by Blood of Jesus Christ). #Zoroastrianism proves virgin birth. Confess & Repent of Evil Crime lawlessness to Jesus Christ.
Laughs in Halo Reach, You'll never take my Jetpack!!!
"that would be far too easy"
Man sounds like a sith
I am less than 30 years old, yet I am excited.
WTF 🤮🤢👎🏻
Am 34, grew up with all classic halo’s. Infinite campaign felt like halo 1 to me.
its sad because now there is a battle royal
🥲😈
Feels like an episode of Southpark
Without Bible, this wont happened
They've been tempted by Satan. battle Royal incoming
Should make another follow up animation on how well it's going for halo now
Y does he sound like randy Smith off south park
in my OPINON Halo 5 is the worst game from the halo series
>most replayed Lmao YouTube tellin on y'all
What about reach?
Infinite was such a letdown microtransactions on day 1 and yet there still isn't coop campaign
Who voices Halo 3 master chief towards the end? His voice is really good
On the cross it says gg ez lol
I am like really happy right now  why did i never hear of this channel until now wtf that was so fucking amazing
Great skit but Halo 4 was pretty good tho.
If anything Satan won with all the woke stuff in the game 🤷‍♂️
I forget Halo 5's existence far too often 😆
6 months later....  YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE!!!  It was said you would destroy the failed Halos, NOT JOIN THEM!!  You would bring balance to the Arena, not leave it Darkness!
Eeeeeehhh, we are slowly approaching the BR phase. Not quite there yet, but Last Spartan Standing was very close… stay pure Halo Infinite, stay pure.
Men salute this great soldier
I love that he gets freaking crucified and the fan base says “Bring Back Blood and Gore!”
Started and finished the MCC just to get these jokes.
Uhmm interesting Jesus Christ Halo Parody
And just like Jesus Christ after 3 days or years in Halos case he will come back and ascend above all others
Jehovah witness? More like.. Masterchiefah witness
I dont like how people want to blame everything on one person. Either satan or one human are NOT responsible for EVERY mistake or bad deed in the world.
Lmao thats bible reference
Unfortunately, Infinites holyness did not last......
The sad thing is that they actually are going to make a battle royale out of it guess he really did get tempted by satan
I am disappointed that 1:06 is the most replayed part
1:48 gg ez: you missed 1 thing tbagged
1:10 Stay back, demonspawn! Return from once you came!
aannnd the game is shit
Why is Infinite dressed as Obi-Wan Kenobi?
In the beggining there was Doom and DukeNukem, and Bungie said, Let there be Halo. And bungie saw it. And it was rated M for mature... -FPS 1-1
...And then Halo Infinite did make it a battle royale game. Lol
old Testament in the bible relative
The big messages gave to us. Games are not joy like today. But been used in another way with wrong ways
Yeap. The real gamerz are dead.....
#Justiceforactman  oh how the titans fall. oh how the titans fall.   Spread my word. Spread our word.
I've played halo enough to say that I've never played halo
halo infinite is the halo three sequel that we deserve
bro is this a Jesus reference 💀 seriously just took this straight from the bible💀😂
Like one of my favorite Metallica songs: sad but true
Dude those are blasphemy
That battle Royal part did not age well
I knew he wouldn't be able to resist the boobiest of streamers. Battle Royale lessssssgoooooooo
2:02 their censor missed a spot.
It's all plastic surgery  I've seen this in religion
looking back on this video in the present... i guess Halo infinite was successful tempted by satan, huh...
Aaaaand now Infinite is adding a BR mode.... fuck.
reach was the last good halo game, infinite had hope but 343 ruined it with horrible customisation, no coop, no firefight, no forge and barely had any multiplayer gamemodes until 6 months after launch
This was actually very biblically accurate for a reference, holy shit.
Bro ppl at 343i just trying their best to actually make a good game and now we got Xbox game pass pc players complaining about f*cling aim assist
How wrong tou were.
I don't think a battle royale mode would be a bad idea, especially if you could drop in with ODST pods. Infinite just sucks because of the monetization and constant FOMO
Yea infinite is shit.
*HAIL SATAN!*
YESSSSSSS
1:05 yeah that pretty much sums up why female streamers get any views
Next time Satan will tempt Master Cheeks with a half alien woman and he will fall only knowing her for like a day.
I feel like I just watched an extract from the bible
Personally I loved every halo game, I liked halo 5 campaign, but it wasn't great like the others
Halo 5 was better than infinite…
This is going to age like milk once the full BR mode drops
2:16 And 216k likes
cat ears
considering they are adding a battle royal....
bruh
This is so good i love it
I hate halo infinite due to the fact it is too different from my childhood HALO 3
"...and the boobiest of treamers" ✨Most replayed
Awesome. I only liked Halo up to Reach.
How'd I only just find this channel
Holy bible but halo theme
Bible moment.
Watching this while radio Rick rolling me
Didn’t it come out that Infinite played around with Battle Royal lol?
Though infinite got hate it remained pure that is enough to earn the respect of many
As someone who bought the MCC, and played Halo 4/5 every now and then, I can say this is accurate as I now play Halo Infinite weekly
And so, refusing all change as putrid temptation, it fell to stagnation.
the voice acting reminds me of south park
gaylo
This is somewhat from the bible which I find funny, the book of Mathew
the bit at the end "that wasn't enough cartoons for you"! he did he know?
Hahahahaha this did not age well...
I salute u infinite
While I didn’t mind halo 4, the halo 5 but was spot on
this is like a bible story when satan tries to temp jesus
I love how to "Halos" above their heads have the number of the game that masterchief is from
Why do you hate halo 4 its awesome
Halo infinite did turn shit with multiplayer
And now they bring stupid armor add-ons and immersion breaking kill effects. Good job.
No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man. God is faithful, and he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability, but with the temptation he will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.  - 1 Corinthians 10;13
anti-fortnight hell yeah I accept the hate comments you unoriginal 8-year Olds
As someone who's read through the Bible a time or two, I have to say this was pretty well done.
This didn't age well lol. Shitfinite ended up being trash.
And yet you have to buy armor and other stuff
Its only been five months and this hits harder now then before
there is an NSFW image of a plane at the end of the video and its breasts are censored, but its vagina is not
no four was great, only five sucked
mmm this aged well
Might want to make a new video on halo infinite
2:03 as a cultured male i must say you forgot to censor 1 detail
they added battle royale mode...
this aged horribly
Battle Royale is definitely coming. Last Spartan Standing is testing the waters.
I mean idk why pc players cried about the aim assist so hard that they removed it from the game when they have superior movement
You need to censor the plane thing lower bit to you missed it
10/10
halo3 voice almost  SPOT ON. so close its like the end of  the word is diffrent from  his own voice.
This ... Didn't aged well
but infinite was tempted. how much for the color purple? anything other than free is way to much for a simple color swap.  well done satan, you always get em in the long run.
Based on all the people bitching in the comments and Twitter. I’d say this aged very well!
We stand we fall we break
This did not age well
is satan Halo 4 ?🤣
In the beginning it was like jesus and satan from the bible🤣
Damn this aged poorly
That thumbnail lol
In the Halo show… Satan won…
1:18 isn’t that ironic in hindsight
Halo, the game of the generation xD funniest joke
They do have a br mode now lol
The core gameplay was good, but it lacked anything hit the core gameplay
YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE! It was said that you would destroy cod and battlefield, not join them, bring balance to the xbox, not leave it in darkness
The campaign was awesome but the multiplayer needs a lot of work but I still enjoy it
I’ll be honest it’s like that.
remember back in December when halo infinite add cat ears for no reason.
Blasphemy
This was way too far...
That's messed up
Halo infinite sucks
aged like milk
Yeah, they did manage to not make a battle royale, but instead they made an Ubisoft game.  I've been playing since CE, but Infinite, while arguably a very fine shooter, falls flat. I was hyped af (and I AM a man in my 30s), and I really wanted to like it, but... No.
"Do not try to tempt me Halo 4.../5." *hisses*
Jesus was on earth, and saved sinners like you and I, when he took that punishment on the cross.   “Whoever acknowledges me before others, I will also acknowledge before my Father in heaven. But whoever disowns me before others, I will disown before my Father in heaven.” Matthew 10:32-34.   God loves you so much and he wants you to open up to him and to let him into your hearts. He sent his son Jesus Christ on earth to take the punishment we deserve when he was on the cross and rose on the 3rd day. Repent. Turn away from wicked ways and trust God alone. God bless
And it finally became a battle royale......
i think Infinite actually failed that last test DAMN YOU SATAN!!!
So that part about the battle royal are you going to change that?
Little did they know....that it would...in fact..have a Battle Royale mode.
Now that its been anounced the batleroyale mode we can guess ho won XD
I only just noticed the small segment of ‘never forget’ as the three Halos are comforting him, damn son
Looks like Satan won in the end.
Played Halo for almost 20 years, Was 6 when I played Halo CE. Halo 4, Halo 5 where solid.  H4 campaign was beautiful. H5's competitive Mp was a blast if you grinded 2 get gud. Worst thing I can say about the campaign is - 2 short: 2 much effort establishing Osiris.  People were fairly harsh. Halo 3 goggles on. It was a special time on Live, Making a game after Halo 3? One which picks up where MC left off? Hard ass job. Plus 343 switch over was a complication.  We must get a Halo ODST add on. Happily will pay 60 for it.
Funny because they are going to make a battle royale for infinite soon
And we get a BR mode now 🙃
Fall not for the twitch thots brothers for they are temporary, but Halo is infinite and Doom is Eternal
Halo 4 lowkey underrated ngl
The scene with the three previous halos was the best part, very funny.
Battle Royal's probably coming now though 😅
This needs a sequel showing infinite falling to the evils of the Zoomers since they are actually adding a Battle Royale
This one didn't age so well
Lmfao I'm 30 and I was excited for this 🤣🤣🤣
I love that this is a reference to the bible story where the devil tried to tempt Jesus into "proving" he really is the son of god. I love it. I've been into theology lately to learn cultures and picked up this reference immediately.
The games gonna have a BR mode soon... So that went well
God exists, but 99% of us who believe God exists change our perception of IT in a way that benefits us. In reality God has done some horrific shyt, but we ignore the bad bits because our instinctive inclination is sAfTY iN A CagE.
Satan came back.
343 Industries, Why you forsaken our Saviour Halo Infinite?
Rip the Royale
Sucks that it’s Dying rather fast
This has aged well!  BR coming to Halo by the end of 22'. This is ... inevitable.
Should have had Steve Downes do a cameo.
1:09 this bit aged well
I like most of your other stuff. Especially warhammer stuff. It’s hilarious and awesome! But not a fan of sacrilegious stuff. I just generally think that’s disrespectful to the demographic that that faith applies to... kind of alienates those viewers... just a thought. I think you’re more creative, and just better than that in general, which is why I bothered to write something. I hope you’ll listen to it.
Eeeee
How poorly this aged
Anyone else back after battle royale was announced? Halo Infinite has finally bowed down to the zoomers.
“I have no loadouts as the creativity should be created in the arena”  Halo reach:bitch what am I a roach
"Bow before the zoomers and become a battle royale game".   Naw nigga. That shit is gay.
“GET OTTA HERE SATAN” lol I swear it needs to be a ringtone .
Halo 4/5: turn these rocks into…dace emotes Halo Infinte: no cause that would be…gay
The "Boobiest of Streamers". That's freaking brilliant!
So is there a sequel based on Revelations?  You now have a candidate for ‘Babylon the Great’
I love how Halos 1, 2, and 3 hold up Halo Infinite, because they're the best ones in the series.
he should meet Slaanesh
God bless jesus
What’s wrong with 4 and 5
There is a definite reference to Mathew 4 in the Bible
cause that would be... gay
I am the game if a generation, beautiful, and pure, and lacking in features
So where do sigh up at?
The guy in the white like a character that could come from South Park
Holy shit... I think I just had a religious experience.
this did not age well
Pretty much the toxic halo community in a nutshell.
I actually think halo 5 was a really good game just for the pure fun of the game modes instead of just showing off some fancy cosmetic that cost a bunch of real money.
halo 4 master chief has always looked the best in my opinion till infinite.
Are the subtitles at the start telling anyone else to "flash kids"? God damn subliminal messaging! I'll see you guys in court!
History repeats itself, my friends, as the hate for 343 continues.
This was in the halo Bible
I come back every couple of weeks to watch this.
Sadly, this didnot age well
isn't this in the bible because the devil is trying to tempt Jesus to sin by trying to make Jesus test god but he doesn't
Why did that plane have tits and should I be concerned or aroused?
The problem is they didn't learn from mcc... Server browsers ect... It's like they start from scratch everytime they build a game... Info now is dieing a slow death because it didn't launch with features and or they aren't adding anything but shit to monetize the game...
Was that halo 4 or 5 on the cross?
Pero Halo 4 y 5 no fueron malos bueno yo si disfrute de todos menos los Halo wars 🤔
Im gay
Because that would be gay…. Fucking legendary
The comparisons to the bible were fair, But I would like to say that you all can come to Jesus and be saved; Because each and every one of you see creation and know you have been made , because by the fact that "we can create Things" means that we ourselves were created, And in so knowing that; You read the texts found in the Bible and know through faith that what it says is the Gospel, That Jesus did in fact die for our sins "as a remission for sin" That we ourselves would be doomed to a devils hell without Jesus, But knowing this full well that if we come to Jesus Christ and make him Lord over our lives and Repent, In other words to turn from our sins and that being Demonstrated right in Exodus Chapter 20, That we can have Life eternal with Jesus Christ In heaven one day after awhile. And if you so choose to turn from Jesus and Do not wish to be in paradise with him that their is a devils hell you can go to, Meaning you have chosen to follow the lusts of the flesh and live for yourself. And if you truly do not want to be with God he will not force you to do so, But I warn you this is a place called Hell; That being away from God will most Literally Be  Hell. God Bless each and every one of you and I urge you all to Repent and Be born again under the blood stained banner of the Cross and Make Christ Lord over your Lives before its Everlasting too late.
true bible story
The fact that he ponders what turning the stones into emotes would be
I didn't laugh.
hmm THEY GOT THE MASTUH CHEIF IN DA SODA
2:03 they censored the chest but not the obvious vag... oh oh.
1:33 that voice is so satisfying
Nooooo 😢😂
Here's a odd idea What if you have Halo and add Dark Souls Gameplay that would be a bit interesting to play
Halo Infinite is more of a combination of Halo 4 Story Characters and as such And Halo 5 Multiplayer to the good elements from those games and add more good elements and you get Halo Infinite
Infinity goid
At this point, Halo Infinite will have at least 20% of its population back if it did submit.
Halo 5's multiplayer is currently objectively better than infinite (right now*)
3 days later he will come back from the dead, and eventually become one of the most top grossing games afterwards
Game lasted as long as this video 😂
Halo 5 was never the same since Halo 2's birthday. Born broken
"The Bible reference of Satan tempting Jesus lol"
just like jesus' story in the desert
Lolol fantastic!
I’m very happy to say halo infinite is very good (apart from the micro transactions)
bruh. never joke about the words of Jesus
this is literally just south park humour/voices with slightly better animation
This didn't age well
Contraversal opinion i dont think halo 4 was that bad
Before the game was out this was a fun joke, but it is becoming reality
Interestingly enough Halo has a lot of biblical parallels
Haloism is my religion and Master Chief my God.
Update: Halo infinite gave into temptation, battle royale has ruined it.
"Get out of here Satan! Go on, run! Don't ever come back!"
Bro, are you religious???
well turns out there is a leak that says infinite might have battle royal.
Jesus the amount of fun you’re poking at the Bible is crazy lol
If you are a halo fan youl know this map from halo
i couldn't stop laughing at this video
This Reminds me of a Southpark Skit
But isnt he from fortnite?
@2:04 I'm almost certain that plane has an unpixellated vagina.
Damn the Bible copied this.
Dunno, cat ears are pretty gay
this aged fast
The scene with all 4 games should be a shirt I'd fucking buy
we need a behind the scenes for this vid
Dude, all this time and now i notice that as soon as he gets the Blessing from the OG Halo games.. His "Infinite" Bracelet starts to glow. Thats some detail right there.
This both aged well and didn't age well. Cause infinite added the funny cosmetics. Which is a thing
As a Christian I take offense to this!  REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
1:05The boobiest of streamers
beautiful
"343 RAPED ME" caught me so off guard, good job flashgitz
Chief, would you mind telling me what you're doing on that cross?  Sir, ending this fight...
I feel like they to make it too similar to Apex
Very funny video and more than closer of the truth but  2:02 you forgor to censor the :b:ussy
You should do a video of Noble 6 rescuing Halo infinite
I love the changes in style with 1 2 and 3 that match the original games.
Imagine what Noah’s Ark would be like in Halo
what is the name of this artstyle ?
thank god christ is way more cool than this satire.
Best bible story EVER
bro i think halo 3 odst gets some credit for being a great halo game
I would have been fine with Halo infinite had they put swat in
I love this man
As a zoomer, I actually got bored of battle Royale games
what  the fuck
This is like….. Blasphemous
Halo halo2 halo 3 and halo infinite 😌
What do you know, this aged like milk.
Stop macking jokes about Jeuses
I hear the never forget in the background that hits my ears g spot
The damn cat ears are in the game , the oracle has predicted this blasphemy
Yeah... it's a shame they're 4 months in, still have no road map, awful desync issues, no new maps have been added, still no sign of force / co-op...
This is south park levels of satire right there
This hasn't aged well...
THIS IS AMAZING!!
0:26  I LOVE that paused to think there. He's thinking "I'm not sure..... but it seems close enough". Cheifus Christ: GAY.
Not going to lie, that part where the Halo Trilogy holds Halo Infinite brought tears to my eyes.
Halo is cringe
"YOU DID, thirty year old men everywhere are *Very* excited."
i really really want a Battlefield 2042 annihilation video of you just ripping them apart.
For the law was given by Moses but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ- John 1:17 (This is pretty true for halo)
I honestly keep forgetting halo five was a thing
Master Chief's voice is very South Parky
Halo 4 was cool
This was fucking genius...
Awh that made me sad
1:07 why did they make the art for the streamers so good? Lol
I dont like halo          Because im bad at shooter games
It became the thing it swore not to become
I tried searching for this video via the search bar…. And all that came up was reaction videos, which are cancer incarnate  I hate YouTube so much
They hated him. they hated him because he told them the truth.
Unpopular opinion: the Infinite campaign is kind of terrible. I don't even know if you can call it a campaign.
Brother I am pinned here
Jesus references yes i am the Brasil 🇧🇷
as a 17 yo, I cab reassure you that I an proud of having Halo the way it is, not with dance emotes, battle royale or any other of these things
I'm sometimes impressed with they're deadly accuracy when it comes to such things
I'm not 30 but wow that's a good laugh
Oh God damn, I needed this
Then the game died
that was actually surprisingly biblically accurate. It followed the story it was based off of very well
Still better then 4 and shit I mean 5
"buy a different color"
Halo inf is really the only good game this year.
Where's reach?
it’s impossible to play the multiplayer without it feeling pointless. halo’s online content & features have been insanely robust. Seriously how could Microsoft do this to us? every fucking aspect of this game is shallow.
HE DIED.. NOOOOOOO
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"The 343 raped me " got me dying
My 35 year old dad plays halo inf
Then they released the cat ears💀💀💀
I’m really disappointed to see that this wasn’t Halo Infinite being tempted by the concept of extraordinarily lucrative microtransactiosn
that voice for chief gods was well done
*Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited.*
Shame Halo 4 and 5 are being depicted as Satan here. Those games's Master Chief armor looks SICK!
I can't tell if your making fun of Jesus or making fun of halo
Holy fucking Southpark vibes
*25yo men too
Halo Infinite is good but i just really hate the heavy monetization of multiplayer and the fact they released this without Co-Op campaign
“Because that would be” 🤔 “gay”
Halo infinite is officially one of the greats.
Where is halo reach
That went dark
bruh halo 4 was gud
Infinite is dog shit Halo reach >
Wheres halo 5 lmaoo
I'm 15 but at heart I'm 34
30 year old men? ahahahaha, biggest halo fan i know isn't even 25 yet! no, 30 year old men are excited by the true classics, like doom, quake II, half-life, goldeneye, or whatever the first playstation had that could be considered a killer app FPS.
Yo this is like the 10th halo game  Halo ce,  -1 2 -2 3 -3 3-ODST -4 Wars -5 Wars2 -6 Reach   -7 4. -8 5.  -9 Infinite  -10 🤯
“Ads cat ears” …..all fall short before perfection
It was a great game! Except for the multilayer v-sync, but that's besides the point!
We gettin biblical on his ass
Ngl when I heard the first notes of "Never Forget" it felt reeeally emotional
I think while infinite has flaws, 343i has redeemed themselves after gaurdians.
I love how well this stays true to the literal bible story
So.. multi-player is free so they do transactions and passes i get that, but not having a Playlist ? do they seriously think people are gonna spend money when they know they couldn't play their preferred game mode ?
I'm underwhelmed with halo infinite
tbh after some time satan was right
that evil laugh is spot on
Never forget...
"Get thee behind me Satan". Missed opportunity right there. Nonetheless, that shit was so fucking based.
This is hell
This says a lot about society
Canned Beans
I turn 30 in September... And this did make me happy
zoomers aren;t getting reference
"30 year old men are very excited"  EXCUSE ME BUT I TAKE OFFENSE TO THIS
Game died in a month
I enjoy halo despite being a zoomer. all my friends call me something to do with being stuck in the past as a nickname. I dont care, fuck battle royales, arena is way better.
I have so much respect for halo now
gay? no your gay
Because that would be... gay.
How to learn about Jesus for xbot kids...
Infinite thought that it had rebuked Satan's temptations, but lo, when Chiefus Christ returned to the temple of 343 he found them selling microtransactions!  Chiefus Christ then left to gather the materials for a scourge that he might smite the microtransactioners.
Bow to the Zoomers? There's like a decade of GenZ who grew up on good Halo. Myself being one of them.
"I shall not jump for i have no loadouts. All men shall be created equal...in the arena" No lie, this was a dope as hell line
2 this day 343 had raped allot
Hahaha
"And thus Chiefus didn't pander for irrelevance, but rather became the light that stayed true for all generations."
Funny thing is, infinite is the WORST halo ever. 😂
Really messed up for doing that! 😕
The game had a rough launch, but it was also the best launch of the year. Especially between the biggest fps titans of all time.
I love how much attention to detail they give the helmets to show how the game has really progressed
You can't temp Master Chief he is a man of Focus, commitment AND SHEER FUCKING WILL.
1:20 lol
I'm 15, but I still cry tears of joy for this.
The incel kings back with more garbage
Is this not based on some Jehovah witness brainwashing cartoon? XD
Did you guys cameo the actual voice actor for this? Sick
fuckin hell mate, so fucking relevant
Well the game doesn't have dances but it has glowing mohawks and cat ears. Instead of battle royal it has Attrition...
this is beautiful and literally from bibl lol
I feel this won't age well, "attrition" show the signs  of battle royal
There's a level of biblical accuracy in this cartoon that many will never know. It's about Satan tempting Jesus during his 40 days of fasting. He is tempted with food, riches, and told that if he jumps his angels will catch him. Hilarious.
Historically accurate
Bungie did it better than Studio 343
This is so accurate
A Halo Battle Royale would be kinda rad.
Wait, where's Reach?
They still added a fucking battle pass  I will never accept a battlepass
This is a story from the bible              btw this isn't a joke
So your going to make a video were he is rises from the dead and joines the other Halos in Eternal Glory right?
He died for our simps.
Now that the devs want to make a Battle Royale the joke is miss.
Lmao that's great
As a Zoomer, who grew up on classic Halo, I am also very excited.
No mission select in the campaighn really sucks tho.
The ending was absolutely perfect, because in the end no game will ever be perfect for people. But this is the closest feeling to Old Halo that there has been in over 10 years
Took me a minute to realize it was a 300 reference.
this did not age well
ya know i've never seen nor heard of sexualized / nsfw aircraft but i unexpectedly was shown it and i got to say could've lived happily without ever knowing about it however idk why but somehow i find that totally in character for this channel so im not disappointed
Im honestly surprised Reach wasn’t in heaven with the others, since it was stupid fun in multiplayer and was like 1-3, just with gadgets
Sometimes zoomers don't know what a good game is like because they were raised in the land of fortnite, roblox, and gacha life.
funny
The inscription says "G.G.E.Z". Astonishing...
I think you misspelled epic games in the title
Well it didn't aged well.
Well they didn’t quite pass bc all customization is locked behind a battle pass which is still a great sin
Deamm . This was something good.
Well you know he does rise again three days later after being crucified Sooooooo
Honestly the lil details like the hand shaking and noises fuckin get me lmfap
You censored the planetits, but not the "fuel port"?
As a 30 year old male I feel personally attacked
It is a master piece, borderlands had to crawl for Halo to be infinite
“Turn these stones into dance emotes” “No, Cuz that would be gay”
I was just tryna eat my breakfast and you had yo go and crucify master chief. Wth guys 😂
Loving the southpark-esque voice acting, amazing work chaps.
Feel like you guys should be writers on Southpark!
This guy knows his shit when it comes to The Bible.
Wonder where Reach and ODST are doing
That's some nice clickbait
I kinda enjoyed halo 4 but that's just my opinion I still enjoy the other games more
Just finished Infinite's campaign, its amazing.
So nobody is gonna mention how they got away with showing the plains vagina?
I think Flashgitz mods may have missed something to blurr ;)
It don't even play like a halo game, its just skyrm but with guns.
Being a both Christian and a Halo fan, this was hilarious
I just turned 31 bruv.... shit.....
Loving the new jesus reboot
2:03 Well... now I will have to live the rest of my life knowing what an airplane's  *_v a g i n a_*  looks like. Let's hope it's a short life.
50% comedy and 50% blasphemy...not sure what to say
Heresy.
oh how this has aged already
I’m still making my way through the games, can’t wait to get to infinite!
oh no
Pure and too high quality to play on what I have.
no not gay and no it wouldnt be gay and no they re not gay
Southpark but halo
Gothic is game of all generations
I personally like halo 5 I find it fun but idrc
This channels dedication to the source material it is parodying is disturbingly accurate
Wtf Master Chief ain't Jesus 😂 He so post to be Kenobi.
😂
30 yo men everywhere are very excited. 😂 Yes, yes we are.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I love how this is based on actual biblical tales
Satan rlly tried this wit Jesus
But what about reach?
Too bad the game is ass
"343 raped me"  jfc
Jokes on you, Im 23! HAH!!!
So.... where was Reach in this animation?
Infine was crucified but those who judged him wrongly , he came back , veterans and people who played the saga loved him , they praised him , the zoomer empire has fallen , now , infinite shall grow , and grow , until he , was a perfect version of itself
The hissing and scuttling still makes me laugh
Where is my beautiful halo reach? 😣
This didn’t age well
You might want to censor the lower half of 2:04... There's more there than you can initially notice, and youtube would definitely take your video down for it if reported.
Longinus stabbing him with the spear at the end was a great detail.
Aaaaand it's dead, still fun while it lasted
Me at 24 not excited for the game at all, checks out.
Lol
I love how they're in sandtrap.
as a person whose first game is halo 4 the way they depict halo 4/5 is just so cartoony and funny and the scene where he laughs and giggles using his jetpack is exactly how i felt first time using it halo 4 ain't a bad game it just wasn't what the people wanted....
I loved Halo 4, come at me
But where's Reach?
I mean... minus the absurd micro-transactions
"30 year old men everywhere are excited" Me at 18: finaly a good halo game
Attention from the boobiest of streamers. Saints 3, 2 and Combat Evolved. God, this was good.
Infinite Obi-Wan Jesus will be back stronger than ever to save those that are worthy, for he has the high ground
yeah but Halo 4 Mjolnir looks way better than any other, I'll give it that
The religious satire and actuall relevancy of their plot lines as of late are amazing. I laugh, and I am moved. Good work.
All man shall be created equal....unless you buy every item shop
Ay now hol up!! I'm only twenty
1:12 with the battle "royale mode" bro, this didnt age well
Please do a video about the activision buyout
they may or may not have forgotten to censor something at the end
Bow before us Halo
well i feel old
And in days time, he will rise. He shall rise once more… to finally finish the fight.
Where’d reach go? Is he a saint, or what?
🤣🤣🤣🤣 The bloody hell
And then they added cat ears
"simply bow to the zoomers and become a battleroyale game" hate to say, but this aged like milk since added ring zone gamemodes
Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited, Damn
Idc what anyone says Halo 4 was great. One of the few games that actually made me cry
oh, lol
Back to buying Doritos and mountain dew again
dang why cant halo actually be fun without little zoomers complaing on there 3k setup that aim assist is to good like, why cant they just quit whining?
I fucking love Halo Infinite
Reach is the true god
Yep
Hahaha boobies.
It seems he didn't past the third test
This is accurate
Funny, but blasphemous
So this is like the story of jesus but...
I turned thirty literally a month before watching this, and goddamn that joke hit home. I mean…the original trilogy (and ODST/Reach) were in their prime consumption years during our younger/teenage ones.  Assuming most of us kept our interests, we lived while of “remembering age” through Halo’s various iterations. Makers of this included, I’m guessing.  …for better or worse. Thinking of Halo 5 Elites and shedding a tear is the manliest thing anyone can do.
"343 raped me" - 30 year old man who is upset hes not getting free imaginary points and rewards for playing a free game.
This is actually way too accurate to how Satan tempted Christ
Я один русс ?
hang on a second does that plane have a hoo ha?
30-year-old men everywhere are very excited me a 17 year old trans girl not quite
2 words Micro transactions
Whats funny is that halo infinite is actually reforming so technically he is resurrecting just like Jesus
And shortly after, halo three stepped into the beyond forever, never to be shared by the community again
Halo is holy
WHERE IS COOP!!!! *stabs with spear*
is halo reach god or what
This actually happened in the Bible… just a parody…
I am 30 and I AM HAPPY   CE is till the best
4 was good
As a zoomer, battle royals are almost always awful, I hate them with a passion
A typical day
I miss halo loadouts
So true then if not prove it.
As a Zoomer I'm lucky  I could play halo
Jump pack sounding like farts was priceless 😂
I didn’t get it? Why halo4 ?
I shall not be left behind....
The campaign seems to be the only truly sacred thing about it anymore
As soon as halo 3 master chief started talking I almost cried plus the iconic theme song playing in the background too. Got damn Flashgitz😂😭😇. Funny and powerful
The campaign made no sense. Infinite really is overrated.
Yes
The fact that when I tried to find this video with a word search all the top results were gormless reaction videos to it instead of the actual video represents everything wrong with the youtube algorithm.
This is just the bible. XD
Ok but we're it's reach?
Thank God I'm only 28...
Halo 4 will always be better
Where is Halo Reach in this? I loved that game personally.
Nice Halo is now Catholically Funny. Get it? Yeah I didn't either.
I’m the guy screaming to let us turn off Crossplay
this is basically a part from the new testament but halo version
"Do not try to tempt me Halo 4/5.." The way he said it though XDD
boobie streamers.... such a sad state we live in.
Nice Bible reference
2:03 Y'all forgot to censor that Jet's vagina.
It's REALLY not that good.
The Halo fans have come a long way since the dawn of Xbox. I on the other hand appreciate Machinima back in the old days.
Is that a nsfw spitfire…..how and why….2:04
0:31 just noticed the tower “satan” took him to is the structure at Sandtrap from Halo 3
The best part was the why not add emotes? That would be gay.
He is the chosen one
So accurate it hurts
This is a great Parody of how Jesus wasn’t God but a messenger sent by the unseen Lord
Boobs...the only "talent" girl streamers have....
I  am a greedy lil piglet, how'd y'know?
<3
Halo 3's Servers are shutting down...that would be...Gay
yet i need to pay for cool armour
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CHIEFF!!
Anyone looking forward to a heart strung story? Maybe Bungie did it best but I’ll look forward to Story DLC. RIP marines you fought with honour. MIA Spartans we were too late.
And Chiefus went into the temple of Halo, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the micro transactions, and the seats of them that sold shaders and bundles
this animation was absolutely fucjing hilarious, great voice overs 😅
Even though multiplayer is not the best the campaign is still better than halo 5
Jesus. They fucking crucified him.
This was beautiful. A masterpiece.
Halo 4 should halo 5
"all men shall be created equal in the arena" - halo infinite .....  need i to remind you of fiesta? when everyone seems to get power weps and im stuck with the plasma pistol and pulse carbine???
Ngl, I kinda wanted to see halo reach as one of the angels, but because it doesn’t have master chief, makes sense
very funny, but halo infinite is far from being game of the year, much less of the generation
¿Cuentas veses le cambiaron el nombre al video 3?
WTF did I just watch
I don't get why people dog on 4.
Pretty damn funny!
All of this is in the Bible more or less
I mean Halo infinite is better than Halo 5 and 4
Reach was better
Major South Park vibez 😂😂😂
I mean the jump pack load out won’t save me, but my grapple will, spider chief spider chief does whatever a spider chief does…
Fortnite has destroyed halo
I think something everybody can agree on is Halo infinite is much better than Halo 4 and 5 and has also brought dignity back to the franchise
Meanwhile BF2042 falls for every one of the temptations
.....I like the game, I like the multi-player, its good, and not full of loot boxes and other stuff that makes FPS games trash
You know it's Satan if he doesn't have a *Halo*  I'll see myself out.
The fact I found the last part with the other halos, wholesome and it cut to…that…made me feel quite weird
The TRINITY 🤣
whats the "boobiez" pic sause ?
Your an absolute asshole for this one. But I absolutely love it lol
This is way too relevant, I literally cannot understand why people have so many complaints about infinite, the gameplay is the best it’s been (outside of big team battles being bugged atm)
Halo Infinite literally sounds like Trey Parker voicing any over the top character lol
Thumbnail game on point
“343 RAPED ME!!! :(((“
Too bad Infinite did fall down the path of the dreaded microtransactions.
Man I like halo infinite infinitely more than halo 5 and 4
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a long time. Fantastic work
Bruh the booby twitch streamer part XD
I knew Halo 3 sounded like Mick 😂
32 lmao
Hearing Master chief really hits hard.
He died for your sins
Don’t mock the lord
This is a lying shit animation he would not be tempted
I like how the infinite symbol light up
This didn’t age well
i see you bowed downed to the zoomer and copied south park voice acting with every 30 year old ex new grounds animator
Hello
30 yr old men LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Lol that shock coil should have shorted out his jetpack.
This has inspired me to make a master chief religion. Who’s in?
I'm glad infinite wasn't a battle Royale. Would've been super gay.
I like how they added that small detail of the Halo 4 jetpack armor ability that had to be used in bursts because it was so weak to propel vertically.
Funny how his jetpack noise sounds like it’s shitting itself.
Let's all be real here... despite its shortcomings, Halo Infinite is absolutely a step in the right direction for Halo.
Halo 3 sucked Halo 4 was an improvement Didn't bother with Halo 5 because Halo 4 didn't have elites and heard Halo 5 didn't have any either. In short fuck you I want mah Dino bois
I'm not even 20 and I agree
This is like the more light hearted version of meat canyon.
“Honey, new Bible just dropped!”
:D
There should be a video about the infinite furries lol
Not gonna lie I kinda miss the jet pack
Bruh jesus moment
I'd click on the attack on titan thing, but I don't get off on japanimation so I'd be lost on the references.
22 years old here ! But i will come back in 8 years to see if i'm still very excited !!
It's weird because I like 90% of what you make but then you use "gay" as an insult like a middle schooler. I don't know if it's pandering or if you're just emotionally stunted, but your writing should have improved over the last eight years or whatever. You're obviously a talented animator but you keep pandering to the homophobic crowd.
When chiefus christ was asking if we was successful to the other halos. Where was reach? It totally belongs there
I like how the Halo 4/5 Chief is wearing the cloak he had in the Halo 5 teaser.
It's been copyright striked I can't hear it
the only emote is need is: C and Ctrl, multiple time
it wasn't perfect, but it is a good one after all those years
as a zoomer (dont ask why im watching your videos) WE DONT WANT ANOTHER BR, THE GAMEMODE IS MILKED ENOUGH.
0:42 damn it now I feel bad about using the jetpack in reach :(
Can somebody ad subtitles?
Im telling my kids in the future that this is the bible
Oof, the twitch thing, very relatable 😂
I mean this was perfect haha
We really out here acting like battle royals are the bane of multiplayer games when Infinite's multiplayer is fucked due to microtransactions? We gotta get our priorities straight as gamers. Jesus bro.
I mean, I like infinite, and I'm 16. 4 and 5 got boring.  (Hated 5's RnG with cosmetics)
Forgive them cortana, they know not what they do
Sorry but we are the real gamers 👍
The gameplay for halo infinite is actually pretty great. Too bad the story and world are poop.
This is how I remember the Bible
Halo Infinite was nailed to a Cross.  He DIED for your Sins!  And the Roman who stabbed him with a Spear said "Doom Eternal is better".
With cat ears showing up, it's like furries have invaded halo infinite.
I am concerned for what shows up at 2:04... Both because I know the artist and that it's only half censored... Lol rightous video tho
me at 26, "Still have the fire in my Spartan heart"
Loadouts were equal footing because everyone chose their own style and what works best for them
So where is reach?
No lie you should do stand up.
4 and 5 never happened we had 1 2 3 and Reach. Now we are back to roots.
Halo 4 was just awful, who likes orange juice dogs and cutscenes? Halo 5 is rated T, that’s all I got to say about that.
24 years old, very excited
What happen to the 3 min ads for Raid Shadow Legends?  Can I resubscribe again?
Beautiful, and "pure"   only one was right.
The aim assist is garbage though and no playlists? Damn
Jeff Bezos is the richest but ok ok i like the Graphics
I got a red bull commercial. Is that a good thing?
Forgive them lord for they don't know what they are doing  This didn't offend me at all but it makes sense
Lmao that's really how it went to
This just made me wow out loud lol or wol
Nah I got titanfall 2
Battlefield 1(Jesus) vs Battlefield 2042(Satan)
"Do not try to tempt me Halo 4...  / 5!"
bruh
I love these guys. I think they speak for every console gamer. Poor halo where did u run off to my old friend why did u stray from the flock.
0:28
I've showed this to all of my 30 year old og halo friends. Shits beyond accurate
is that trey parker? Lmao
As an alcoholic, and melancholic atheist, I approve this message. 👌 It is beautiful.  So sayeth the Lord.
for real, im new and rarely have i seen such an entitled, whiny and toxic community. and that after following the battlefield sub for weeks leading up to launch, halo fans have no idea what a masterpiece they just got.
Not gonna lie halo infinite is the best fps since titanfall 2. Having lots of fun with the game. I am still very excited.
"I shall not jump!"
Reminds me the "Passion of the Craft"
Me: hey now I liked halos 4 and 5, yeah they had their downsides but I thought they were fun...  Video: 30yo men are crying at your success  Me: ok now you’ve gone too far, you had no reason to age me like that
I love how this i based off of the devil trying to tempt Jesus
Forgive them father for they know not what they do
jisus died for our sins ,u.u,
Don't worry Halo Infinite will rise after 3 days and will ascend and become the Halo.
I swear I heard Trey Parker voicing Infinite haha.
2:03 you forgot to cover something.
‘343 raped me!!’ Totally a statement that would exist in this world
10/10
Am I the only person who liked halo 4 and 5 for Story and multiplayer?
Damn halo 4 went from drinking to drugs and occult demonic rituals real quick
I'm 'bouta order a 10 dollar pipe bomb for this manz mailbox
All I wonder is.. where is Reach?
damn i felt old as dirt...
Just beautiful
I like halo 4
So creative. Imagine getting tempted like that for FORTY WHOLE DAYS, day and night.
Funny enough, I think every generation that's played Halo is happy about the spiritual reboot that infinite has brought. But yes 30 y/o's as well
Real satan is cursed halo mods
But Sirs, where is Reach?
You guys are amazing.
Honestly kinda surprised, no one is asking about that plane at the end. Guess most of the community got buried by the halo simps.
I love you guys 🤣 😂😂😂😂😂 that ending was perfect
343 raped me, rofl
Im going to tell my kids that this is from Caleb and sophia
Halo Infinite died for our enjoyment. But he shall be reborn. May he live on until  an eternity.
Jesus in the desert chefs kiss
Perfect timing, I just opened Halo Infinite.
There is a way that seems right to a zoomer. But the end thereof is the death of the gaming industry. - Broverbs 14:12
AMUSGU
“You did, 30 year old men everywhere are very excited”   Me a 17 year old: …yes
This is from the Bible by the way the devil trys to tempt jesus
o my god, god son awakening!!
I always enjoy when they actually draw hot females lol
Good ol renthedragon
Such beauty has not been seen since the days of our fathers
Was that halo reach on the cross?
“Because infinite is much higher than 6”
why do the voices sounds like characters off of south park haha
the 33 year old men have cried tears of joy
Amen.
Thirty year old men everywhere   -and one 19 year old boy, counting me.
Tern this rock to A dance emote “no” what “that’s gay “ reeeerr
“IF you are TRULY the Game of a gENeRATioN-!” This line delivery kills me! XD
The boobiest of streamers! I lold too much at that
Wait a second, where are Halo: Reach and ODST?
I see that mocking God is normalised these days. Wow.
This is soo true its sad🥲🥲🥲
Bluźnierca
They sound so much like the Southpark guys now it's uncanny.
What is that thing at 20:04 ?
I like halo 4 but 5 was just so bad man
Y'all should have tried getting Steve himself to voice the Triologys, that would have made this better than better
halo 4 campaign was good
This is so biblically accurate
the fact that in the video halo party, halo 5 is an abomination and now he is presented as that but grown up is amazing
This is so damn accurate hahahaha
AHA!, but i only 27 years old, i gotchu there
It the hard truth
why am I looking at the vagina of a plane.
24 year-old man very excited right here :')
accurate
To who ever drew this fucking aircraft I hate you with my hole soul and body and want your head served on a silver plate. 2:03
I love that above his head on the cross it says "GG EZ" flashgitz is on point with those small details.
I want to be spit roasted by DOOM Eternal and Halo Infinite in an endless eternal suck and fuck
it was all good until they crucified him ....... to much
lol he didn’t fall for the twitch thots, he is strong, the chosen one
Damn 30 yr old man is way to accurate lol
This is truly  Gayme of generation
Remember friends, Christ rose again.
halo infinite sounds like a south park character lol
you didn't censor the airplane coochie
This sounds like a south park episode lmfao
Reach?
The British fighter at the end thooooo. Where's the uncensored version at aye Flashgitz?
haha mega lol very funny haha mega lol very fun
passion of the halo
“30 year old men everywhere are very excited”  Me having played all the Halos since I was 3: HA IM ONLY 20 STOOPID
Hi all! Make sure you check the description on all the videos to see who actually animated all of this for Flashgitz! The artists are hired outside of Flashgitz, are not properly compensated, and are not properly credited in the video.
AYO WTF U
This has only been out a few days, and I've personally watched and quoted from it a million times. "If you truly are the game of a generation.." and "bOw bEforE the zOOmErs" 😂😂😂
Refreshing seeing at least one channel not afraid to make gay jokes.
I love it when 30 year old men get excited
Your Catholic references are right on par with Halo Anthology.  But you shouldve brought this up last Good Friday.
why you got to hate halo four
Say what you will about Halo 5, it's multiplayer was pretty solid.
Ahh crap it's Satan
Forgive them Bungie, for they know not what they do.
Halo reach never gets enough love
Before halo 4 came out I use to tell my wife that Master Chief cryoslept for our sins.
"30 year old men have cried tears of joy" Me IRL: That hit hard.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone vibes. Very southparkish
All my friends we love halo and are 30😂
the second chick tho
I love how this video that is but halo four was not a bad game halo five on the other SPECT was a major letdown
I miss drunk halo 4
lasting 40 months without content, out in the desert.
I’m 19 and I’ve been playing Halo since I was 4 😆 I miss those times.
Halo 4 was a good game. I played a little of the multiplayer but I mostly play Halo for the campaign
Приколино
You really hyped up a game that was literally another cash grab with none of what it promised.
What happened to 4/5
One thing tho, where tf is REACH???
Loadouts I didn't mind actually. Real men don't actually need guns anyway, they use their hands.
Forgot reach, the other angel
Reaaaaaally close to a south park voice...
If you read the books you would know the suit jerks master chief off in combat
Thank you Master Chief for not becoming like the other piece of shit games
sad thought halo was apart of a battle royal game
Honestly this video makes me want to try halo multiplayer. "All men shall be created equal in the arena!."
Can't stop watching..................
why does it sound like south park
too accurate
Lolss
He uh, forgot to censor something
This video hyped the game up so much more by just trying to be funny lol good job guys
What about Reach? Can we assume he just was forgotten to be added as one of the angels
I'm 21 so No
How many times have they changed the thumbnail
I love how halo 4 and 5 are pictured as
Only a matter of time, master chief is too masculine,  us 30 year Olds must fight these pansies for glory.
It is very...interesting the take in this cartoon, even for halo everything was...wholesome (except the last part), this is trully for me atleast...the return of the king
As a "Zoomer".... fuck BR games; I only liked PUBG and avoided the rest due to the fanbases I like Halo Infinite the way it is, just waiting for more game modes to be added
"The boobiest of streamers."
Lol no game is without sin during launch
It ain't much, but it's basically the opposite of The Furry Crusades. Enjoy!  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHQVHvZWwNHibRDSfQ7cu5PO-Y0maRW-E
The people ranting about the game was spot on at the ending lol.
The DooM franchise watching in the distance: *laughs in a near perfect history*
1:42 This scene here with 1, 2, and 3 holding infinite as he passed the test... *beautiful*
It’s a game of the generation
Wow helped a lot Isupport studied English with this I restarted English after 10 years I am a beginner studying English with asmr. Please come and take a look and .
HALO INFINITE IS SO GOOD
Hilarious how you censored the boobs twice with Pixelation and a censor bar, but let the "Mons Pubis", "Labia Majora" aswella as the metallic "Clitoris" broadly visible XD
love the timing on that spear, good shit
as a halo fan boi that ending is the best. still sad that they are continuing the halo 4/5 story.
2:03 so we just not censoring bottoms now lmao
Would’ve loved to see Halo 5 be like: “Fate had us meet as foes, but this Ring will make us brothers.”
I was searching for flashgitz but ended up typing flashtitz
I’d rather have a battle royal than a battle pass and an open world.
I like how no one appreciates the fact they removed fall damage
Ending is accurate, the game looked like it had so much potential and then 343 had to be 343 and fuck it up.
as a adult im happy they did this fuck the kids this is for the men
Galo
I love this now new subscriber
But what about Halo:Reach and ODST? Or are these names not to be mentioned?
Zoomer here. Halo infinite is the successor to halo 3 we've been waiting for.
It's sad that people can't have fun anymore
“And attention of the boobiest of streamers”
This is amazing
The Passion of the Chief.
youre not wrong lmao
What makes this even better is that in the crucifixion scene in Halo, none of the ones crucifying Halo Infinite were actual followers of the game.  Just like none of the people who killed Jesus Christ were his followers.
"30 year old men are very excited" jeez it was like being arrowed in the heart from long range by the younger halo 3 me. its been to long..... far far to long..
The first furry went into space, you know what must be done.
HAHA YES
Almost 30, love halo. Halo 5 sucked ass. I just beat LASO on halo Infinite
Bruhhhhh 😂😂😂😂😂
As the 12 year olds and 15s complain... look to the north, the west and the east the 30ths templars ride at dawn and morning... lets hope the next generation will find theses wars, theses kingdoms and the enjoyment of playing theses types of games...
If you are truly the game of the generation, where is grifball
The 1993 doom is proud of it's prodigy
bro that plane pussy is out
30 year old men AND the few saved zoomers are excited
I've watched this so many times and it is glorious everytime.
I played halo three as my first halo. Picked it up second hand. Went through 3 copies cause my Xbox 360 loved eating my games. Then got reach, then halo one. Never finished one cause that disk too was damaged. Still haven’t played two. I brought the master chief collection when it came out, it crashed my Xbox so hard it Never worked right again.   Absolutely love halo, seen so many playthroughs of the games I haven’t played and even owned a copy of the movie thing.
fuck battle royale man foreal
Hey man just a heads up cause I missed it the first time, you may wanna censor the lower half of the plane cause it got a 🐱 💀
Halo 4 and 5 was awesome however I didn't really like the way 5 did multiplayer
This is actually canon in more ways than I'm willing to care about.
Me a 20 year old - YAAHOO
Im not even 30 and im crying tears of joy
Halo Infinite is soooooooooo gooooooooood
Fellow 30 year Olds We were there for the Hype whence it began We were forged in the Golden Age of Xbox Live We were there when games released In a Finished State We were Lucky
Im literally 30 and I'm happy as can be with Infinite haha
I liked halo 4 tho...
I didn't hate halo 4 or 5 they had there issues and they were not the old halo but they were still fun
Yo, why's that music getting to me? 01:32
Campaign is freaking awesome. Multiplayer is dog shit.
Hahaha 30 year olds…. Looks at calendar and sees 30th in 6months…
God damn it... calling out us old fucks like that lmao
Hold up... Where is Halo: Reach?
Game of a generation.... *Laughs in MW2*
I can't stop watching this
Jesus had to be tempted in every way, and succeed in order for his sacrifice to work.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
What would Noble Six be then in all of this? A Prophet or Judge?
Sorry to be that one guy, but where’s Reach in this?
I’m surprised that Halo 5 is still around after that party
Campaign is slick as hell, and the fact that you get to look for skulls again in order to use them in the campaign instead of them just being unlocked automatically is fantastic. Screw the people yelling about aim assist, and if any kids want to complain that it isn't another "battle royal" game like gaurdians I say go back to play Halo 5 or other battle royals bc this game is perfect to those that were there since the beginning or those that loved the first few games. Even the story is great as far as I've played so far, and the open world is a great way to allow the player to play as they would like
Halo infinite is soooo good!
Jump pack load outs heeee here heeeer... Lmao
I am 21 years old and I am the oldest person I know that still likes halo
He died for the skins
He threw the containers at him 😂
Why does this sound like south park episode lol
No matter what you do you can never please everyone.
i didnt see reach in the lineup of angels
Matthew 4:1-11 for those wondering.
Hey real dumb question you guys probably answered Allready to someone. But what program do you use for animation?
I thought halo 4 was a drunk mess?
It would be cool to do a follow up with the Resurrection of infinite. Because the campaign is awesom
Ironically Satan still won, not in any way shown by this animation, but by instilling greed overpriced item, and absolute lies into the shops and using free to play multiplayer as the excuse. What an absolute travesty it has become.
I'm enjoying Infinite so far but the open world campaign feels like a mistake. What I always loved about Halo Campaigns was the interesting, varied, and unique set pieces. Like in Reach, where one mission you're in an ONI facility, and later you come back to that ONI facility but it's completely under Covenant control, and the next mission you're flying around in space, and then you're inside a Covenant ship, and the next level you're in this massive and beautiful city where Brutes are massacring innocent civilians, and so on. Infinite so far just feels like more of the same everywhere I go. But I'm not very far into the story yet so who knows.
I love how this is actually how Satan tried to test Jesus
the video really describes the game perfectly
I was here for the passion of halo infinite
So biting South Park in shit animations is all it takes huh
Bruh, but the second temptation wasn't even a temptation when we have a grappling hook now. Makes for crazier plays than jetpack ever did.
This video is a...           FUCKING HERESY!
i'm 24 been around since Halo Combat Evolved. this game which is Halo's Force Awakens. (everything from the original copied over poorly) has killed this franchise for me. the abysmal way they end Cortana's story after 20 years is deplorable. she deserved better and so did we
heh
?
as someone who hasnt touched a halo since Reach, im going to assume this means people like the new one? 343 finally made a good one, by just redoing everything in bungie's style?
The 20$ skins though they gave into temptation a little… and that’s ok because we have jobs and kids to disappoint
The "Unforgotten" theme at 1:33
Top shelf.
Jesus coming repent now please
That was a brilliant animation. Not one single thing in this video was untrue.
This Jesus analogy means only one thing. Halo Infinite is being persecuted now, but Halo Infinite shall rise of the third day (month? year?) and be reborn.
Don’t get me started. I emailed bungie during the bungie era what they needed to do so more gamers would flock to the franchise.  I knew how to secure its position as a flagship game above COD and above Gears of War and other games like The Witcher and Star Wars Battlefront.   I wrote a long long list of things they needed to preserve, reuse from old games and inspirations to take from other games to blend harmoniously with respect to the Bungie Era Lore so that the Halo Books would finally get their days in the spotlight too.  I even suggested using the Bungie Era Lore Books to make fully fledged Halo games too.  Giving spotlight to The Spartan 2 head hunters.  Spartan Green team.  Spartan grey team.  Spartan black team.  Spartan red team only got a tiny spotlight with Halo Wars.  I had so many ideas that would secure Halo’s king of the Hill Position in the videogame industry for GENERATIONS to come.  I even suggested more ODST missions and marine missions too as well as covenant version missions like in Halo 2 and Halo 3 ODST.   I even suggested UNSC Halo space battles that were even better than Star Wars battlefront or Halo Reach’s space level. I’m talking fully fledged space battles like in those early 2000s games where you have a sky view of your entire fleet and a local planet orbital shipyard base station to build more ships. Except in 1st person as well as sky view toggled by the gamer in real time. Bigger than COD Warzone. With the amount of vehicles and craft like in Halo Wars. With the ability to invade enemy ships even better than like in Star Citizen or Star Wars Battlefront.   Spartans are also masters at hand to hand combat. So I was going to suggest adding hand to hand mechanics into the games so you as the gamer can fight like Chief does in the Bungie era Lore books.   Better than Doom Slayer.  Your armor knife isn’t just cosmetic.  You can parry. Block. Punch. Head butt. Grapple. Break arms. Jump kick. Elbow. Knee. Choke. Snap necks. Backhand. And whatever hand to hand weapon you hold has its own library of additional combat moves on top of this and its own library of finishers too.   A true war game. 1st person shooter with the ability to fight hand to hand if you get disarmed.   Disarming happened a lot in the books. Tons of times Spartans and others had to use hand to hand weapons and fight without guns. But the games never touch on this aspect of Halo.   Also, the weight differences and speed differences.   Spartans are supposed to be faster than all others on the battlefields. Equal in strength to most brutes. Equal in agility to elites but shorter than elites.   This should be factored into gameplay a little more.   But I digress. I’ll shutup. I lament over the future of Halo. It could’ve done better. A lot better. I love the flood and covenant too. I had big plans for delving deeper into that aspect of Halo.   But bungie never emailed me back.
Im exactly 30….wtf
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited." You got me.
halo 4/5 is the same as infinite, i dont understand why people think otherwise
How did they know I was exactly 30 years old
I would not go for the hot stuff or game stuff I only play to get good at the game and i do my t like bringing attention so I choose not to become one of them
Halo 4/5......
Ever wonder what reach and odst are up to?        Me either
"Drink this Dew for it is my blood, eat these doritos for it is my flesh" - Chiefus Christ
"Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited."  Oof, this one hits hard.
Other than the utterly meh campaign
Incredible
get based
That's not what I remember from faith class back in school. (to be fair, I don't really remember much of it anyway....)
I'm actually really enjoying infinite, like the online is terrible but it's like that with every Helo game. The story mode tho, now that's bussin
Wait where was reach
SPACE HULK 3 WHEN ? ? ?
this was so unfunny holy shit, it's like A old gen X trying to be funny with today's kids
Tbh, halo 4 wasn't that bad
🤣
I'm complaining because I care
I want more space marines and furrys
Wait, is Halo infinite really like a throwback Halo? That would be fucking awesome. I've been avoiding it because I think the new ones are shit.
Here is the truth.  All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. -Romans 3: 23  The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. -Romans 6: 23  Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. -John 14: 6  Whoever believes in Jesus has eternal life, but whoever rejects Jesus will not see life, for God’s wrath remains on them. -John 3: 36
I don't care what anyone says, halo 4 was   an amazing game. I've played the campaign countless times.
loving the bible and halo references! this was really well thought out
Haha nice try. im 28 >=D
"343 raped me"  this made me chuckle
Awesome
good and true
If only Cortana didn't convert to Islam and female spartans didn't all get removed for trans spartan replacements.
I don't know if this video should be considered a parody of Scripture or some kind of fitting tribute, because it actually sticks to the Biblical text pretty well.
Join the bean clan show support by spreading the message...
Jesus vs satan
2:05 if you look very closely, you will see something...interesting.
bruh everyon demanding some things back added into the game but sheesh they still don't know that there are still updates
I’m so glad they didn’t add a battle royal to the game
this hits different
The passion of the Chief
That last one would be really hard to resist for me…
Reach is superior
Shame about the gay joke
I just turned 20, but I think I can still be considered an OG... I hope... I remember going to my cousin's house a long time ago and he had halo 3. I fell in love with it. (I was about 9) it's been my favourite game ever since, when anniversary came out I played that, then halo 2 which was so fun (about 15 y/o) I have just turned 20 and am currently downloading infinite. I have the title screen opened listening to the og music thats stuck with me all my life. Idk what the point of this comment was but maybe someone's going to read it and relate, or maybe accept me into the og status... Have a good day whoever reads this and don't hit your head on anything more stubborn than you are ✌️
Playing Halo 2 on local split screen was my fondest memory of multiplayer gaming.  Thanks for this.
Forgot to censor the Jet Puss
He who hath understanding recon the number of the beast. For it is a gaming number.... It's number is three hundred and forty three.
Angry and dissapointed that they made it into a FTP AAA game with customization locked behind a paywall
The boobiest of streamers
satan ability: reality Jesus ability: unknown
Halo infinite doesn't suck😂
Now this is a religion I would worship
This is straight outta the Bible when Jesus fasted 40 days and 40 nights 😂
the planes .. clit isn't censored :)
And on the 3rd day, he rose to greatness. And brought back the covenant their bomb back.
The thumbnail is what probably sold this
Halo 4/5 going BLANKIE MODE
It's sad how true this is.  You 343 haters utterly disgust me.
To be honest I never played any of the halo games except the current one.
Yes!
This is epic lol. Love the video.
I love the majestic sound that plays everytime Halo Infinite talks
Haha that was awesome instant sub. We are all so hard on Halo! lol
It's not perfect, but it is recognisably Halo, and that's enough.
Thing is the thruster pack and everything is still there based
The campaign and art style as a whole and multiplayer gameplay. Divine.  The lack of coop, forge, playlists and the micro transactions/monetisation. Heresy.   Minus the monetisation, the rest will get fixed. And maybe it will go down as 343’s first “Halo” game. Which would be nice to have them carve out something for themselves
they dont need to be a battle royale with that much monetization
Might not be a battle royale but they've got a battle pass
I don't find the elimination of an enemy satisfying just annoying but I love the vid
30 year olds are excited. Yup we definitely where.
“Infinite did not test the power of his predecessors for he was the messiah. Who’s blood would later revolutionize the Halo franchise.”
Thank you Flashgitz. Very based.
😂😂😂😂😂👍👍👍👍👍♥♥♥♥♥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
When you mix the bible and some crack:
You don't need aim assists you need to get good
It's true. Halo Infinite sucks horse balls.
Weird how this is where I remember my Sunday school teachings
"343 raped me!" Yup thats my generation...
Bruh
I like how flashgitz used Jesus's story
Y u got a hurricane with boobys?
I absolutely love the south park vibes
Exactly.
This is even funnier when you look up the verse of John 117 itself
So halo 4 did influence him....          Otherwise we would'nt have this godawful battlepass
Bruh why use the bible as a template for your video
Never played halo all to much but always enjoyed the games expect 5 and to think people hate infite makes me confused cause it's the old halo formula modernised and done well most of halo players even enjoy so shy is there so much hate
I thought halo 4 was good tbh
I'm currently a freshman in highschool, and I am so happy that halo infinite isn't a battle royale (I started on 3 btw)
Halo 4 should be Cain. The one who tried to impress us, only to fails us for the first time.
I don't get it. Everyone gives halo 4/5 so much shit, but at least in those games, I could color my spartan 2 colors without having to fork over $20
Fax
Trey Parker would be proud
Okay but halo 4 and 5 weren't that bad, they were fun and had a good story, they just didn't entirely fit the rest of the games very well. I am kinda sad that most of halo 5 was written out in halo infinite though, kinda makes the whole story feel cut.
A battle royal would be sick tho
but halo's always had a "battle royal" mode, its called Slayer
LOL THIS IS LIKE THAT ONE JOHOVA WITNESS FILM LOL
Truthfully I would rather have kept the same story base instead of this Farcry open world bullshit
To be fair dance emotes are really gay
Jesus christ this is too accurate
I honestly hate Halo infinite multiplayer, and I wasn't a fan of the campaign either, I just played it for 2 hours maybe and gave up on it because I couldn't install campaign only and it was 110GB
Halo 4 was ok,.....the rest we shall not speak about it,.......EVER!!!!!!!
Jokes on you! I'm 26!
What’s the angelic halo theme choir in the last part what’s the ost
Why did Infinite have to get crucified and then get stabbed like that? He Didn't deserve that... Halo 5 Deserved that.
I'm very happy with 343. Battle royales suck and need to die off already. Games are no longer fun thanks to battle royales and everybody trying to be a twitch streamer/ pro gamer.
So is halo Reach the balance?
i think you guys forgot to censor that airplanes pussy... The plussy, if you will.
Halo infinite is the EMO EMO version of a first person. Mixed with zelda:scent of the fart.
Pppffffft flashgits didn't censore the areomorph's lower parts
5000th comment
Literally a Bible story lol.
Oh god
i still prefer halo reach
I love this 😭
Aim assist does suck tho…
This had me rolling
this...is still some what accurate to what happen to god, yea...ok, you guys got it...
That anthro Spitfire plane was not something I expected to see... what the heck
Halo reach must be in limbo
Passion of the chief
Quick question. Is the Zelda cartoon happening?
oh man
Lol amazing
Where is halo reach
What about reach did he pass his tests
amazing though he did not pass the test of progression and all there at launch. but the gameplay is great
it's a story about overcoming the odds
I'm not even 30 and I hate battle royale games.
“Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited.” me a 23 year old...  ahh you got me
Boo health bars
its all fun and games until you realize the lower part on that aeromorph in 2:04 is exactly what you think it is
thank you
Halo 4 was really good tho
Intro: "flashgitz" captions: flash kids
This is legendary.
I absolutely Love it and it has been added to the collection
I feel so bad for infinite. Dying for us zoomers sins.
I fuking love this
When you realize they perodied Jesus being tempted by Satan. You realize the creators of Flashgitz are biblical
I’m 35 and I would have loved a battle royale as well
Me at 23 halo is back reach was the other side of the hill and halo 4-5 were the roll down then infinite came. Besides the armor unlock the gameplay just goes insane
Por qué la parte de crucificcion? De que se queja la gente o que?
2:04
Brooo
This is genius
I still have my halo 4 disc in my basement hmm
Nailed the South Park character voice lol
sandtrap feels here
sacrilegious AND poignant.....impressive
The Bible references are funny 😭😂😂thank u
I would like to speak for gen z halo fans Game good. On behalf of gen z fps fans where' s t he ba ttle ro yal?
Brilliant.
Can't we all say Halo infinite isn't even next get or current gen, it is stuck in the past & lookes & plays like a 360 game
Ah cmon Halo 4 ain't as bad as Halo 5
150% Christian approved, very funny would LMAO again
As a 30 year old male I felt offended.
I love that they have literal halos over their heads.
I felt this
Turn the stones into, what?? Lol.
God is a gamer literally manipulated game codes and made it the bible with some tweaks
I like how Reach was irrelevant due to the fact that there are no members of the noble team left to be an elder that represents Halo.
ohhh so the target audience is 30? no wonder an open world game in 2021 is still exciting for them
I'm Christian so the fact y'all are copying his death is messed up
As a 30 year old man, i can tell you, I’m very excited
I'm getting to play a good Halo multiplayer game for free with my homies without any connection errors.  The only complaint any of us has had is we wanted to select certain game types to play.  But it's free, well made, and reminds me of the good Halo 3 days so we're all pretty happy.  Gamers malding out for no reason.
How was that almost 100% accurate to the Bible.
Hell yeah
God the South Park energy I love it
"I was inspired by the bible"
Halo infinite is a gem thank you 343!!
Halo 4 was one of my favourite
1:48 ooh hey longinus. Taking a stab at Jesus?
Me, a 15 year old who despises battle royales: Do not lose faith in the next generation, for Halo is infinite
Hey as a zoomer representative I can say we’re happy to finally have a good game, the only reason we only played battle royals is cause you idiots only made battle royals for us to play.
This is beautifull
You did very good. ❤️
Why can’t people just accept that making games takes aloft of effort and than they only focus on the tiny things and cry of “ THIS CUP IS GLITCHED” OH SHIVER ME TIMBERS FUCK OFF
I think the main villain in this lesson is Fortnite.
Been wanting to get back into halo. Havent had an xbox since 2009. And havent played Halo since 3. I've stayed with sony ever since. Tell me. Is Infinite, worth it? I want to have hope
"No, that would be..."  Me: Gay?  "...gay"   Me: Predictable, yet reliable. I can always rely on you for my borderline culturally inappropriate humour. Thank you funny Internet account 🤌
remember reach.
Flashgitz: Here, watch this. What if it's the best thing you ever saw? Me: Get thee hence Satan!
Amazing game
Multiplayer sucks but campaign is good kinda. They don't have Coop yet
"343 looked on and wept."
I've played Halo 3 and 4... Halo 3 was better
halo infinite died for our halo 4/5 sins
I love the voice
Reach could be jesus cuz its not Frikin cool cuz hey good guy dies and there have epic’n’heroic deaths ever.
Cringe battlepass
“30 year old men”…bruh, I’m not even 25. Been playing halo since I was sperm in my fathers balls.
“343 raped me”   Hahahahahahaha
1:28 BROOO seein master cheif in the anniversary made me kinda tear up....man the memories me and my lil bro had 😭😭😭😭
gg ez
I love how this is just Jesus’s temptation but halo
Even older Zoomers such as myself (1999) are extremely happy.
This was amazing
0:46 in reality he jumps and grapples back up
Let thy will be passed on Chief..  Long live Story Mode and PvP equality! 🗡️🛡️
I love this:  It’s as a Huge Bible Reference:Satan Tempts Jesus.
We got halo 3 here, my favorite campaign.
Damn, the conversations are fucking awesome.
Most Br games are fucking trash
Yes , yes it was a fun little animation!
I like this so much more than I want to admit
I'm pounding my chest in pure testosterone
I wouldn’t take this video as a joke.
the fact this is based on a bible sort of thing is in line with halo having a lot of parralells to the bible if you think this is false take even half a look at big names or chapter names in halo 3, one of them just says "judgement"
when you forget to censor out something else 2:04
The 1.7k dislikes are from deniers
as a 30 year old man i can confirm i cried tears of joy
This is the complete opposite of what halo supposed to be
I was very, very concerned about halo infinite. I cried.  I cried when halo 2 went offline.  And halo 3.  I knew the master chief collection would restore 2-5 so I didn’t cry about 4. But close.
“343 raped me” Tru
THIRTY?! I’m only 27 🤦🏻‍♂️
This is a legit scripture reference to the bible. Not even joking.
I was lucky to play all the Halo games I understand why four and five are heated or simply the devil actually really like the loadouts
All people are created equal but that's only the beginning when we are born we are equal but once we begin all I truly and for the first time we stopping for from that point on
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited" 19 year old me: my goals are beyond your understanding
Never played Halo but this looks interesting as some one who hates loadouts and perks in multiplayer games.    Great addvertisment.
That 30 year old men reference, felt personally directed to me when I watched the video, spot on joke boys, I am indeed 30 and I did cry tears of joy 🙌🏻 Yes all created equally, and F your battle royale 🤣
What about reach
Reach fell, i will not let this one do the same.
Always love to hear mick
Halo 4 be like:
Pretty well sums up the stupidity of the halo community rn
yiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikes
Hate me all you want But I enjoyed halo 4 The gameplay that is the story was all over the place
What... The... FUCK!!!! This is the first video I've seen of this channel and they've been pure gold for like 8 years. This shit is STRAIGHT up my alley and I only now find them? What other channels have I been missing? This shit is as good as south park.
I am 30 and this is indeed true
halo game series is good and you cant change my mind
Where is reach tho
amazing homage from the bible absolutely hilarious
HERETIC!!
Halo infinite sucks
1:26-1:42 was actually really beautiful
Halo 4 was good tho I miss the customizability and the other things like powers I'm glad they made it back into infinite in some form or way
With YouTube premium you can lock your screen while keeping your video going
Yes
Personally i like 2042 more but then afaini havent played infinite,only seen videos
Wait… isn’t master chief in Fortnite?
smh mocking christ.
Halo ended with Reach
Don't be mocking God. Watch yourself
Bring back the Halo 2 days!
I’ve been doing playing Titanfall 2 & it feels good to not be bombarded with pop ups to buy the next battle pass
Halo Combat Evolved? amazing
i like how the helmets and such are different
30 yr old men….ouch really had to point out my age uh
I've watched this maybe 8,000 times and it's glorious lol
Halo Infinite is a good game, yes it has a few issues but they’re going in the right direction so far.
"They Hated him because he told the Truth"
Is it  bad that im an athiest but still recall that this is a refrence to the bible  well at least the first parr
The game sucked honestly, there’s no flood
This got me all sentimental.
"because that would be.... Gay" he is truly the chosen one
The ending with everyone complaining is spot on
It’s…. Perfect
I love how reach wasn't anywhere to be seen, that's how irrelevant it is
loadouts were good. come fight me
"343 raped it"...Had to have been the most commonly heard complaint.  Bravo for capturing so many elements of the franchise, their fan base and that all gamers are created equal...in the arena. So that "buy to win" is never permitted, tarnishing the core of true competition.  Shame on every franchise that manipulated its customers into buying cards or packs, gouging the customer with the same tactics used in lottery and vlt association.  It breeds the addiction of convenience into children and doesn't teach them to overcome adversity.
Feels like the south park creators did this lol
Boy, do I have some bad news for you about the upcoming Halo Battle Royale game...
this is beautiful.
I don't know what the hell I just stumble into on my lunch break but I'm not disappointed 😆
the way he says "that is good" makes me smile ear to ear and giggle and laugh and giglge and laugh the way he sa
halo combat evolved on computer mult player thanks you
Do or do not there is no try.
I'm 21 and i can really relate to this. My dad made me play my First videogame when i was a Little kid.. It was Halo CE . I'm genuenly Happy 343 didn't release a br mode at launch Just to gain more traction on twich. I'm completely against a br mode but the game should feel complete without It and once that feeling Is accomplished a br mode can be added. It doesn't have to look like the game needs It so that if a br drops It would feel like a plus and not like a fundamental
Ye... I'm only 19 but since I know my mind  I love Halo, the games the books etc.  this franchise gonna be my favourite always
It’s not worth it. Don’t join the E girls.
I like how u took a similaritie from the Bible
O just lmfao'd to this vídeo. This is just freaking Brilliant! 😂 And accurate! Halo Infinite is the best since the First Three Halo Games! But I don't this game is gonna be crucified by no One other than compulsive haters... And for those, the hell with them...
I am not a 30 yr old man but I have indeed played every halo and am ashamed to have a PS4 without it
too be fair a halo version of warzone would be fun, I wouldn't mind a battle royal
Why is ppl mad bout the cosmetics costing money. I mean the game is free so why can’t they cost the skins like fortnite, warzone, and apex do. On top of that didn’t they just give us a free samurai outfit. What does ppl need to be grateful. The gameplay is fun the vibes are there. A lot of ppl just complain all day nw just play the game.
Animation quality is really good tho
Poor reach forgotten 😭
As a Christian and a gamer, this is a match made in heaven
Ha! I’m actually 33!
Ending is spot on. Dope as the game is you just can't please some people.
Was trying to place the inflection at the beginning...Randy. It's Master Randy chief :D
We joke about it, but I think Satan really tempts through games.
4 wasn't that bad.... Ok camp. Was bad but custom games are ball'n
Eh unfortunately with the fourth generation of Spartans the dance emotes would fit in the lore
I'm 22 i grew up with halo 3, odst and reach infinite is a combination of all three and I couldn't be any happier screw the zoomers which to me is honestly anyone born in 2003 and up.
Censor the boobs but leave the...Poosi? The jet engine poosi? Yeah good
To be fair there are a ton of micro transactions
Satan then gets notified that his right hand, Davoth, got fisted to death
Man shall not live on BR alone.
343 raped me.
This aged well
Ye ye modern humans so BAD :)
Halo infinite really is halo Jesus
Omg 😆 loved this lol
This seems very much as if it's parodying a story, but I have no idea what it is.  Still managed to enjoy it a lot.
Don’t include halo 4 in this. He is the Job of the Bible
343 R****D ME !!!! I LAUGHED SO HARD MY EMPLOYEES HERD ME!!! XD
This has some jokes bout the Bible that take it too far
Now where is reach in all this
people really hate halo because they stuck without pay to play load outs 😂 🤣 love dis game
i guess im 30
Never shall it be a battle royal
i wish it wasnt an open world game, that's all.
I mean they didn't pass the test fully, micro transactions and free to play multiplayer. Fucking free to play multiplayer. It's not even 343 they sound mortified when they said that it'l contain microtransactions. Bit as if Microsoft will let that cash cow run dry.
As a priest i approve this
All men should play equally  Cheaters: Lemme just turn on aim bot
Remember when this video was called "Passion of the Chief"?
XDD increíble
Halo 4:I SAVE HALO OH FUCK!  HALO 4:HE GOT MY EYES.  Now satan is halo 4/5.
This game feels so outdated, if it wasn't called halo people wouldn't give it a second look on steam.
lol i love the bible reference you made. when lucifer was tempting jesus
I know people hate Halo 4, but it was the first Halo game I played, and it made up a large portion of my early video game experience
The first Halo game I played was Halo 3. It was the best fun I’ve had in the 20 years I’ve been alive.
Would this be mockery? Yes.  Now lets go after Allah and the others.
Well no playlists is indeed an abomination of Satan him self...
Aim assist sux.  But I actually really love the new Halo.  And I'm not thirty.
Can someone enlighten me why Halo 4/5 is a demon here...
Halo reach over there in the corner staying out of the line of fire.
I like how the devil has the Halo 4/5 armour
No sprint even better of a game
This is a wholesome animation right here
Oh my god 30 year old men everywhere are happy 😂😂 I died, so true.   Hope everyone is having a blast with the campaign!
Funniest shit ive seen all week
The Halo OST hit so well when he asked if he passed the test  🤧 01:33
Oh my 🤯
I literally just turned 30, this is so relevant.
The way he ran away though 😂😂
Wow, ok. It was for the best, I mean, fort God's sake, they were zoomers...
Thank you guys and hopefully South park
I'm flash gitz and meat canyon omg I love you both so much
Halo will be getting a Battle Royale. Dev's words.
“30 year old men everywhere are crying.”  Me at 28: “I don’t get it.”
His sacrifice will not be in vain
He did pass the test they're releasing a show and awesome looking show
Getting rid of the dislike button really change things up around here didn’t it
Un saludo al barufis
I almost cried when halo infinite fell into the arms of halo 3, halo 2 and halo ce 😥
zoomers are the devil
Clickbait
GG EZ on the cross 😂
Ha 3 days before release too. The next coming of Jesus
*jesus christ...*
i've dust in my eyes, nothing to do with this video.
I love this!
Why did you have to remind me that I'm thirty?
This old man scoffs at the bargain bin shooter that Halo has always been.
This animation is great for many of reasons.
this guy is jokes lol
OH NOOOOO!
Holy shit I’m crying
Guys, what was the crowd jeering at 1:46 regarding 343? I can’t make it out
Halo Infinite is the best im 15 but still crying
Why do these people sound like Pit People characters
Damn Im getting flashbacks to my extra religious dad thinking that stories about temptation death and punishments were a good night story Just to be clear, I know this one, but he REALLY liked old testament
Jajahaha literrally the halo on their heads🤣🤣🤣are the first 3 OG games
Nice mix of a biblical story, and your usual humor.
A 30 year old men took a week off to play this game. :)
That Halo 3 Master Chief Voice was surprisingly magnificent.  That said, wasn't infinite some sort of Microtransaction Hell?  Satan Won.
Am I the only who wants to see halo wars 1&2, halo reach, and ODST
This was actually so well done, it resparked the "Passion" I had for the game all those years ago.
I may not be a Zoomer but I am excited
bruh u left the cooch uncensored
35 year old man here; i've only played one, i will only ever play one, and if you played more than one, then you are a gay one.
One thing, they made a cosmetics shop and put a knife for $20
Hey everyone.. What's that? *Look down* 2:04
Everywhere I go.. I see his face..  Him: *Just some guy with a mustache*
Well looks like I'm thirty now
"343 r*ped me" perfectly sums up the Halo community lol
As a zoomer who has played Halo 1 and 2 on my cousin's Xbox, I have a different opinion than other zoomers who have played the Halo Infinite game. The game is pretty fun and I am not concerned any small matters as long as the game sticks to its core with its story and multiplayer.
The bilbe.
It just became an open world game tho
Let's not lie to ourselves the battle pass is fucking atrocious. They had it good with the halo mcc pass but man this was terrible.
This was good in just so many ways. Holy fuck. The attention to detail on the helmets, the jet packing back in bounds, all of it.
And so there were fair starts, where all were given only the simplicity of an AR (BR for ranked), a pistol and 2 grenades, simple base player traits and movement (minus the Motion tracker for ranked), and all further power gained was claimed through the art of good positioning and map control, and with it a purity of that power. Once again the path of the great journey was clear.
In the end reach is still the best halo game
1:07 you are welcome.
If 1,2 and 3 are angels that means... Reach is God
I mean.   The 30 year old thing got me.    I'm loving the campaign though.
Why the Chiefus Christ sound like He’s from SouthPark
Well, I'm playing only the games of the Orange box.
The fact that this is so accurate to the original biblical story scares me
What version of never forget was played when the other master chief's were holding infinites master cheif
I guess people don't like reach anymore. :(
love the GG EZ on the cross lmao
Halo Infinite: Releases... is better than anyone anticipated.  (Optional customization is too expensive)  Zoomers: This game sucks! Corporate Greed ruined it! 343 butchered  the series!
He don’t miss
I love how this was from Christianity to Halo…
What’s the song that starts playing when they crack the 30 year old joke?
It's sad people won't understand how well done that was cuz one there two young... and two they never heard the story lmao
Halo Infinite is🔥🔥🔥
Wait, how does Reach play into this though?
Wow, why is this easter video out so early? I must admit i like how close it sticks to the source material.
The fact he dropped pretenses and called him Satan is awesome
This was perfect
Perfection 👌😇😈
You forgot reach and odst
Jesus I was just writing an essay on paradise lost and Satan, now I open youtube for 5 min break and this is what I see?       Might as well accept that I am living in a world with no privacy.
Epic
I like how halo 4 did the Connor McGregor walk.
Lol 30 year old men every......... Wait... FUCK
What ever you boys are smoking keep doing it
2, 3, and reach all good
Damn bro this is a top tier shitpost that follow the original format surprisingly well
So if 1, 2, and 3 are angels, does that mean reach is god?
Was that halo 4 or 5 who was bad?
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
"343 raped me!"
I love this channel man these video are insane and I love the little ads at the end too
I just want my Enforcer armor back. And Spartan ops. I miss having my created spartan useful.
Best parody I have seen in a long time
"Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited" Me at 28...not quite!
Love the Bible references
"343 ℝ𝕒𝕡𝕖𝕕 𝕞𝕖 !"
This is the worst gen  For now 😒.
Love how biblically accurate this is😆
We gonna ignore the plane with tits   Suace?
Halo 5 understandable, but personally halo 4 will always be my favorite. Yea yea reach and halo 3 whatever man. Halo 4 was my childhood
He’s truly here to finish the fight 😭🥲
Where odst and reach
This is like a shifty South Park episode.. but better
I don’t know man the original three weren’t open world
Can't wait for this to age poorly as 343 slowly succumbs to each and every single feature listed here.
I actually paused the halo infinite campaign for this and I am not disappointed
Luckily this did not happen to the doom slayer
What about halo reach
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited." You got me.
you should be in yt rewind
It starting to become a free to play battle royal game with call of duty battle pass.
When you realize that the infinity symbol is actually Satanic
Another example of why doom guy is superior
Cod had been gotten by this uneven cross-platform br filth I pray the day never comes to halo 😇 🙏
I want my fucking swat back, every mother fucker just starts runing in rankeds once they're engaged, hide and either shoot you from behind or spam grenades at you
I only understood sum of it
I love halo Infinite, I also love halo 4 and 5, hell I love all halo games, And they all had something about them i genuinely like.
I’m getting South Park vibes lol
Chiefus Christ got crucified because of the lacking ending
I like this.
GOLD
Halo Infinite  found a mini phantom! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRfbC-z_uLA
I really kinda highly dislike no loadouts. I played the orginals and I found Reach and 4 to actually be superior in terms of multi-player enjoyment.  I'm not even a cheese type of guy. I'd bring along a DMR and magnum and I liked having whatever power I picked. Solid entry but that battlepass is wooh
This is truly the game ever made
These was amazing 😂
Hahahahhahahahaha
lmao
Thisa brought tears to my eyes, not even lying, I'm a wus
Halo 5 had really good MP and Halo 4 had a really good story. Halo fans are really good at over hatting things.
Aye I recognize that map
2:04 YEEEEEEES
The first Halo spirit on the right @ 1:27 for me looks like a Green Caboose...
halo 4... slash/ 5
Nice
1429 dislikes
Let's be real halo infinite really need a load out to change weapon
my boy reach wasint here :(
why the thumbnail keeps changin... this one now is perfect
Uhh.... flash gitz.... you forgot to censor the BOTTOM HALF OF THAT PLANE 2:02
Cant stop watching this.  I watch it everyday for some reason and  it doesnt get old
I think the censoring of hot airplane boobies may have missed something.
You just know if any Halo game gets a cartoon of this quality with its release you know its a damn good Halo game
Lmfao ! 🤣 and become a BR
Well like Jesus Christ he got raised from the dead 3 days later and like him John halo man raised 3 days later with the release of the campaign
When I hear people say halo needs a battle royale I'm going to start saying "get out of here Satan"
I'm 30 and it's everything I want in a Halo
Gamers 2001: Tits of GTFO. Gamers 2011: Gets their wish. Gamers 2021: Ewww, tits. GTFO. This is why we can't have nice things.
Wtf is halo?
What's that areomorph art at 2:04? Asking for a friend
Is this supposed to be like that Jehovah’s Witness animation about Jesus
the ending is an accurate representation of both life and halo
Wait... the title of this video changed... something about "The passion of Halo Infinite" or something, which arguably was a much better title
0:44 holy fuck the laugh..
He failed the microtransaction temptation
Are we just not going to talk about 2:04 lol
It's already tempted dude. There's no spiltscreen and there's a fvckxng battlepass.
Battle royale games do not spark joy in my heart.  It’s single player and RTS for this old fucker.
what happened to the actual scene of the teaser for halo 5? It never made it into a game......
I'm not even gonna ask where you found a drawing of a Spitfire with huge tits... the internet is a strange place.
Take the piss out of mohammad this is old
No , Just no
This is too good
😕
1:03 basically the sad crippling state of Twitch and game stream itself
I slept on this for 2 days and Im really sad about it
Halo 4 has been having an extremely hard time haven’t he?
I like halo infinite a great deal so far Good on 343 for making a fucking BANGER of a game (so far)
I’m really enjoying the free multiplayer, but the progression being like fortnite and warzone is really a bummer
This is pure Gold
If this wasn’t deep then I don’t what is
People can be so fickle...
1:26 CE, 2, and 3, hopefully infinite holds up to their standards
1:04 Halo infinite: *no thanks imma do it myself*
I really hope that battle royal comment doesn’t age poorly
at 17 i still can appreciate the early games much more honestly the art style in halo 4/5 sucks and halo 5 just sucks overall
as a 30 year old man, I can for a fact say that this is the least looked forward to halo game of my life.
I like how his infinite necklace turns gold when he passes the test
Dear fellow halo fans this game through development hell and that is why it is so bare bones
Of the generation idk about that
before watching: will this be ... FURRIES ?
Guilty as charged this 30 year old man definitely cried many tears playing the campaign
Thank god I'm only 27 and that didn't kill me on the inside lmao
I’ve happened to be 30 and a halo fan since the beginning lol and me and my friends are happy
Gotta love the numbered halos over the chiefs heads, real nice touch lol
I can say the campaign is fucking good
The boobiest of streaaaammaaasss!!!!
Such an obscure bible reference
Mmm, delicious sacrilege
The necklace is a good touch
based
This was fucking beautiful
Infinite has earned  +10000000000000000 social credit
I’m Baptist with a sense of humor I was good until the last 10 seconds.
I know halo 4 is one of the worst of the series, but its still a decent game and it's what introduced me to the series so it's got some nostalgia for me. I haven't played infinite yet, but I hope it takes the best elements from the bungie games and the 343 games and combines them for the beat halo experience yet.
If you told me that was Randy Marsh under that helmet I'd totally believe you 🤣  God I love this channel 😁
Huh ... that heaven scene with the most beautiful score in all of gaming was actually touching.
I still loved halo 4 just as much as the previous halo games. I only dislike halo 5 and as for infinite, I haven’t tried it yet.
The game was fun for about four hours and then I got sick of not being able to play different game modes and not being able to select what game modes I want to play. Can’t wait for this game to die because of this. Makes me really sad seeing AAA shooter gaming crumble to dust, halo, battlefield, and cod all have terrible issues, I don’t even want to play cod and it has the best selection and diversity. Cod, that’s right, vanguard, the latest piece of crap shat out every year. How is it that halo has so many fun things to do but can’t nail one simple thing that makes or breaks the game, why can’t we select what we want to play, really, like what the afctual F? Well at least kids can steal their parents credit cards and spend money to look like Pepsi man,
Nice skit. As always, I also appreciate how there are no riots in the streets and call for violence and beheadings because of the blasphemy cross section of this cartoon. Unlike is customary for the counterpart unnamed religion of peace. Oh the phrases they come up with :)
Well, the campaign was pretty sweet. Felt like a classic halo story wise, but I for sure could have done without the open world....
From the boobiest of streamers :D Great one
Лол SHAITAN)))
I wait battle royal halo !!!
50 xp
Brilliant, as usual  Pd: Ah fck I realised Im one of those 30 year olds
Do not compare halo 4 to 5. 4 is actually really great.
Well...that escalated quickly.
Honestly so beautiful, brought tears of joy.  Halo is back.
30 year old men everywhere what’s the best line
Perfection
Satan was right
woah, where are the healthy bastard children ODST and Reach?  Great video as always.        Gimme yer belt!
im 17 now and started playing halo when I was 7 so much nostalgia halo infinite is a masterpiece
it's not funny, but sad 😔.  F. Kid and strimer .
He may have avoided the temptation of the Battle Royale and the emotes, but alas, he still fell for the bullshit Battlepass....
In all honesty this was the game that not only saved the franchise but can make new halo fans of this generation and appreciate the amazing games we grew up with.
Halo 4 and 5 were disappointing, but out of anything the most disappointing part of them is that they had really cool helmets that were wasted 😭
This happened in the bible halo and everything.
Man 40 days in the desert is nothing for Master Chief
Me watching this 0:44
Let's just put in cosmetics that you'll have to spend 1000 dollars on to get!
You forgot to censor plane vag
I love how accurate this is to the Biblical story of Satan tempting Jesus in the desert.
4 wasnt bad 5 had good multiplayer fight me
So accurate tho.
It’s too bad the multiplayer is still garbage
i remember this part in bible but i didnt not remeber -master chief and comptuer and game and big booba streamer and  jet pack in the bible
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
I was thinking about this video while I played Infinite lol
Jokes on you, I'm 29.
Brought a tear to my eye.
Someone is going to fail an art school in a couple hundred years and 60 million Zoomers will be eradicated.
I mean we can pretend Halo infinite is perfect, but it got infected by the worst parts of AAA gaming. It has features that we have had for years intentionally locked behind battle passes and microtransactions. The pure name of Halo has been tarnished by the crappy industry techniques of freemium mobile games and that will never sit right with me. Gameplay wise infinite is great, but that's a malicious economic model.
I'm 24 but close enough.
Reach: forgive my sins holy ones at allow me to join you in the next world
actually infinity failed .. just saw cat ears cosmetic coming to halo infinite
I only clicked for the teddies and the spear of longinous
Doom guy be like: hi I'm here to kill you
yall really went for it at 2:04 covering the..... shall we say... fuel tanks but not the plussy. which one of you physically looked the others in the eye and said "Hey guys, you know what would be really funny in our video? Airplane breasts. What? Oh no i TOTALLY just found this on the internet and most definitely dont have 10,621 different pictures just like that saved on three google drive accounts."
This excites me
I will probably never play another Halo game again but damn I will always have the memories
Didnt think I'd get the feels from a flashgitz video
Here from the future.  343 didn't totally fucked up with the campaign story, they kinda "fixed" what I thought was unfixable, not perfect, far from it, but for sure a step on the right direction.
dear god
Here's the original from Matthew 4: 1-11: "Then Jesus was led up by the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. And when He had fasted forty days and forty nights, afterward He was hungry. Now when the tempter came to Him, he said, “If You are the Son of God, command that these stones become bread.” But He answered and said, “It is written, ‘Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.’ ” Then the devil took Him up into the holy city, set Him on the pinnacle of the temple, and said to Him, “If You are the Son of God, throw Yourself down. For it is written: ‘He shall give His angels charge over you,’ and, ‘In their hands they shall bear you up, Lest you dash your foot against a stone.’ ” Jesus said to him, “It is written again, ‘You shall not tempt the Lord your God.’ ” Again, the devil took Him up on an exceedingly high mountain, and showed Him all the kingdoms of the world and their glory. And he said to Him, “All these things I will give You if You will fall down and worship me.” Then Jesus said to him, “Away with you, Satan! For it is written, ‘You shall worship the Lord your God, and Him only you shall serve.’ ” Then the devil left Him, and behold, angels came and ministered to Him."  I got quite a laugh out of this, it was well put together. God bless🙏🏾❤
41 here played day1 😆
Is it bad that I'm in my early 20s and I still enjoy Halo? :'(
Was halo 4 that bad?
Lmao the boobiest of streamers xD
You passed the test… we are so proud old friend lmao.
About to be 40 pass me my pistol and battle rifle and lets do this
Good good my boy good job you made me proud
As a Catholic I am thoroughly amused with this video lol
It’s feckin weird how I just read a book that referenced this exact thing like around a couple weeks ago
Okay I'm sorry but loadouts was probably one of the only things from the newer halos that I actually liked. Never liked having to fight over a gun with my teammates. Now that, that's a thing that came back tho idk if I want to play infinite
"I do not have loadouts, for all men are created equally.. in the Arena" ❤️❤️
343 raped me
Halo infinite got hated by the mainstream for our sins, but he shall return after 3 patch notes.
Hm
The last 10 Seconds sums up the entirety of r/Halo.
Oh my lord, why do edgy flash animation guys on the internet have more respect for religion and Christianity then the average church goer I meet on the street? XD great work as always guys! Makes me want to reread my bible. I’m already on Luke.
Beautiful
i dont need spitfire porn   maybe a hellcat or zero but thats besides the point
Satan saw bf2042 and ran away in horror
cant wait till the gen after zoomers come and show how dumb zoomers have been....
“Forgive then father. They know not of what they do.”
WOW, didn't expect this crossover! 👍
Its beautiful
I'm enjoying the campaing
Aww, man... I liked when the name was passion of the chief. It's still really cool.
what's hilarious is that this is actually pretty accurate to the bible with the stones, jumping off a cliff, and tempting with the world
No Raid Shadow Legends ad? Unsubbed.
id be cool with never seeing another one of these ever again, but thats just me.
This reminds of South Park so much
This is so good lol
1:34 and some 16 years old too
Halo Infinite: Pay to Unlock
I understand the hate for five but why 4, halo 4 was not a bad game.It had a better story than five did and the multiplayer was really fun including Griffball.
343 RAPED ME 😂😂🤣🤣
This hit so hard.
Teh fusion coil got me lmaooooooooo
They may have passed those three but they messed up in some many other ways
In the beginning Bungie created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. ...And 343 said, "Let there be Microtransactions: and there was Microtransactions."  -John 1: 17
lmfaooooo i love the jesus meets satan undertones
30 year old men happy? I'm 19, and I couldn't be happier!!!
Brilliant! I havent played Xbox in a couple years, but this 30yr old is very excited 😂
Pls make more bewbie animation
👍🏻
More crusades
Only chads remember waking up and rushing through breakfast to hop on the xbox 360 on halo reach with the boys
biblical lore
4th time i watch just to realized it's on Sandtrap
I'm a simple man.  I see voluptuous mammaries, I click
Ngl I like halo 5
Not on my watch *loads skewer*
I don't think 343 would've ever had the confidence to return to Halo's roots had it not been for Doom 2016 and Doom Eternal. Id Software somehow managed to buck the trend of the "modern FPS" formula that Call of Duty had solidified, and showed an entire industry that you don't have to follow trends in order to remain relevant. All it requires is staying true to your identity and building upon it where necessary.
enjoyed animation but was rude to say greedy lil pig..
"The boobiest of streamers..." I don't think I laughed harder ever, than I did at that lol
I'm a stupid little zoomer but holy shit all I want is a decent team shooter
It's been 3 days has he come back yet
This is perfect
This is beautiful
I wonder where reach is
Halo infinite is so damn good.
Why does that hawker hurricane or spitfire have a um Female genitalia
The only thing I dont like about halo infinite is that its free to play, meaning they have to make the customization somewhat monetized. Woulda preferred if it was a full priced release with free cosmetics
"343 r@ped me!" What a line
Lol.... I wish we had load outs still 😒
Atm the ammount of LIKES is 117... This is perfect
What the horde said? I only can understand "343 r*pe me!!*
South Park vibes
So....when will we get an update on the destruction of the furrverts ??
And in the third day, they removed the grose battle Pass, Amen.
I was a big halo 4 fan yall are trippin the last rated M version too. 1-4 was perfect for me. 5 is mad trash weak
i hate waifus
Halo infinite definitely isn't the game of a generation, the gameplay is pretty solid with a poorly put together battlepass system and customization that's possibly the worst I've ever seen. It's a solid 5/10 tbh
sad thing is that he said that there were a halo infinite amound of oppotunities, now look at him.
😅🤣🤣
Accurate af.
I clicked because boobs
nobody like the video anymore. Its at 117,000 likes!!!!
So gd I watched it again 😂
wasn't this originally called the passion of the chief? what happened there>?
What?
30 year Olds everywhere are very excited haha I'm not that.......(notices year is 2021)...... well shit.
You have to admit that beyond the fundamentals of gameplay, which are all spectacular, this game is a hot mess. The monetization scheme is more predatory than mobile titles.
"All men shall be created equal....in the *Arena* ."   Unironically that line goes hard. Sounds like something a worldly mercenary turned paladin would say to a group of young squires.
I swear this man voiced in South park
Lol this is a Bible remake
Fucking fantastic
Battlefield...did not pass the test.
0:27 I prayed he would say it- and my prayers were answered.
It's pure magic.
This is just beautiful, you have renewed my faith in humanity!
Actually took some Bible refs for this, strange and impressive.
Bro, i'm 30. 😭
people in the comments: "as a christian and a halo player i approve"  Because we wouldn't know if it we were supposed to be offended or not without that validation.
1:17
... Okay, I'm lost. What just happened?
Oh man that was so damn funny. “Savior” Master Chiefs voice was the best.
1:18 LMFAO
This is facts. The greed of shooters nowadays are infinite but infinite is better than that bs. Emotes are gay and destiny cucks everywhere are like omg what. Destiny is so trash and unbalanced I love they brought a balanced not gay shooter back on the docket. Halo infinite new #1 shooter fr. Actually balanced PvP and fun. No lame emotes and bs grinding for shitty weapons
in 3 days he will be reborn
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited". I feel personally attacked.
Stange Question, but what the halo song at 1:35 called always wanted to know?
Very original story.
What version of Never Forget plays when the old games hold him? It’s so fucking good
SIMPly🤣🤣
Who voiced 117
Infinite is the best in graphics
then they put a fucking battle pass
The worst is Halo 5 it should have been Satan
Omg, I love it.
Halo infinite n.1
Nah it sold its soul for mictrotransactions
“I am pure” Meanwhile, in the store:
Sand trap for halo infinite?
Flashgitz, you guys did an outstanding job of making this animation and with connecting what happened in the part of the bible this is based on (in other words, you guys did a great job at using the turn a rock into bread, jump off a cliff and have angels save you, and offer the kingdoms of the world and translating them over to Halo Infinite)
30 year old men hit me different 🤣 I’m so close
Thank you.   Just .. .   Thank you.
and then when that roman soldier stabbed halo infinite he knew that he was wrong for he saw the light of the holy halo spirit and he was forgiven for his sins for he had found salvation.
i am very excited yes but why did u have to say it like "that"
b-but w-whaat about r-r-reaach.... !
Alhamdulillah.
I love how biblical you made this skit it’s so cool
OMG 😆   As a 22 year old learned how to play FPS on Halo as a kid and continued choosing to buy the next halo game instead of CoDs my friends had, I am excited for Infinite. I think the games core mechanics are perfect. We just need better monetization and more maps. 5 maps on rotation in comp is rough. But I currently still love what the game can become. This will be the best Halo MP one day if they figure out the monetizationand add content. It's just not there yet.
30 year old men everywhere are excited LOL
that run was UGLY
Man, someone was inspired by South Park. Lol
I think the last thing I was expecting to see in a flashgitz video was an aeromorph but now I’ve seen it all.
Hey uh, Flashgitz, you forgot to Censor the plane's vagina... video might get taken down...
BROOO I lost my shit at the end ZAMN....
Full song of that angelic Halo theme
I love halo 4 but the treatment of infinite is 100% accurate     Also the jump pack animation is hilarious lmao
So what would Halo Reach and ODST be in this?
battle pass and limited time cosmetics ya really the Jesus of gaming its not like 5 years from now that will get old with no progression and repeating battle passes
Infinite is garbage tho, totally killed all its potential
im 15 and i think halo infinit is almost perfect, they gotta make stuff cheaper though
Chief came to them and said "let the one amongst you that has not teabaged throw the first sticky"  Spartan 4:20
TBH i dont get how ppl are comparing HE to HCE,H2 and H3. Like they all were finished products( at least much more finished than Infinite) and did not have microtransactions.
Zoomer Go Zoom
NOICE
I had a lot of fun on halo 4
WTF
I never knew he made this sacrifice, thank you brother
Sound like Randy from southpark lol
Ok so obviously the Halo 5 is the dominant trait, because if Halo 4 was there, it would be elegent....campaign wise and ok multiplayer wise
playlist rotation is actually the worst. just let me play team slayer and grifball ffs
this was wonderful you guys hit it out of the park everytime You guys are talented
Why does Halo Jesus have an Irish accent?
As a man nearing his 30, I am very excited for the multiplayer :D
Reach forgotten already?
Ye fuck 343
"DO NOT TRY TO TEMPT ME HALO 4/5"
“When the young ask for BRs hit them with an Ar” Sun Tzu
Top tier Bible parody, lovely work
The aim assist thing makes me chuckle. Objectively its weaker than ever but when you lose to a controller people blame that instead of their shit skill.
Oh Jesus Christ dude
This is my new favorite Flashgitz! Just in time for Christmas!
I didn’t care to play this originally but now you’ve got me sold.
I honestly think that the game mechanics of 4 and 5 were fun but the story sucked
a question, did you ever do one of these for Reach or ODST? I cant recall
Dead game
On point
MTX
I am a greedy piggy, not because I wanted more animations, but because you didn’t link the uncensored BOOBY PLANE PICTURE
So yeah I thought halo infinite was pretty good.
What exactly did I just watch 🤣🤣🤣
What an omnipresent unit of a Chad is Chief
Brings a tear to my eye~
Today is the day, finish the fight spartans.
Boobiest streamers lol
Exactly how halo fans are right now the games a 9 out of ten
It was good untill they decided to let all customizations be bought and only earnable shit is paintjobs for your spartan. I'd like the Halo 3 or Halo Reach armor system back :depraved:
343 raped me😂
The last minute had me rolling man dear lord
Where's the reach!
Master Chief looked in to the abyss but the abyss shouted at him --- You collaborated with Fortnite you irrelevant poser! As Master Chief fell to his knees in shame he knew it was over,he was as irrelevant as Cori Feldman and that's when he slowly raised his gun to his head, now he would be relevant he thought even if it's just 1 more time when his death would be on the front page of every news paper. A shaking finger began to squeeze the trigger until the gun went click! And at that moment he remembered he left his ammo scattered around that movie set he was on a few hours earlier when he was working his part time job of muscle for Kyle who was Alec Baldwin.
30 year old men aren’t the only happy customers, I got my sprint so I’m happy and no I’m not counting halo 5 (that game never happened)
Wait, how exactly do you get attention from the boobiest of streamers?
Destiny Gaurdians stole and rebuilt your Magnum chief
This is literally reddit right now
Hey now, Halo 4 was great... We... we don't talk about 5 though
The new halo slaps idc what anyone says I've been playing it since I was 9 it is gods game
RIP PS5
I'm digging this last temptation of Chief vibes
Best writing from Flashgitz yet.
if only they had battle royale it would have been insaaaane
A true gamer never simps
"The boobiest of streamers" 😭 killed me 😂
Original thumbnail was better
I love that this is on sandtrap
I feel odd to like halo cause I'm one of them who was born after halo
The GG EZ scene i feel it every game in league that is 40 minutes and we almost win 2 or 3 v 5 while 2 or 3 of my team mates are 0/14 and the enemy laner say TUTORIAL OVER with 7/19...
This has a south park vibe
Halo Reach and ODST are vibing in the background.
Feels of Old school new grounds animation
.....im only 28.
2:04  Spitfire clit? How do they get away with it ',; ]
I am an excited 30 yo male.
343 out here slowly learning what brought people to Halo in the first place millions of dollars at a time.
Tho shall not bow to the zoomers!  John 117
I'm 14 years old, and maaan, i love halo 3,2, ,reach, and ODST. Halo 4 and 5 for me it's not bad but it's not very good, maybe decent?
I like this, this reminded me from the Bible.
343 raped me!🤣😂🤣
Master chief is a believer in jesus christ 🙏
No sprint joke?, a lot of 30 year men were angry about that.
looks like satans temptation stuck, that battlepass and $$$$ customization really hits different
Infinite didn’t stick the landing it seems.
Balding Legion! Ass Emble!
Am.... Am I the only one that noticed the vagina on that boob plane? Because it's there, and it is not censored lmao. Well... part of it is anyway.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 I love the jet pack parts
Well don’t worry, the large majority of customization is still hidden behind a paywall, on top of having to pay $70 for just the campaign since the multiplayer is free.
30 year old men everywere are very excited part hit me hard im 29 lol
I've never played Halo in my entire life, what's it about? Motocross?
I want Karen to watch this silly stuff
I approve of everything in this video.
“30 year olds are excited everywhere” Haha says you im actually 29!
I have real complaints idgaf about all this bs..I have gameplay issues
Noooo...no we are not. That games trash
What do they say when they are crucifying him???. Bring back.......what?????
So is no one gonna talk about that beautiful small portion of halo 2's "unforgotten" that played as the original 3 games held infinite in their arms? I'd like a full version plz
Lmao 30 year old man everywhere are very impressed hey how u know Iam 30 😂
God i can't wait for this series to fade out in nothing...
Yeah right. The holy Trinity would not bow to the monetization that Halo infinite is trying to push.
infinite deserved to be crucified 😂
This is so accurate it hurts But this 28 yo man is happy  But where my playlists at tho
I'm gonna say it, Halo 5 is actually a really fun game on it's own merits. It's REALLY solid and I hope just because infinite comes out that 5 doesn't become completely irrelevant that it never comes to PC in any form. Warzone is stupid fun and while the REQ packs are annoying the weapon variant stuff is really fun to play around with. Halo 5 is a great game on it's own merits, when you view it more as it's own thing, rather than as an extension of Halo, because as a Halo title, it's fucking terrible and very little like the rest of the series, which has always had a slower overall pace compared to most FPS. But as it's own FPS, Halo 5 is actually really fun and I've enjoyed the multiplayer a lot more than I did with 4 or even 3, and I LIKE Halo 3's multiplayer. Reach still beats it out for me though, the memories I had of playing custom games with friends and randos I met online make Reach special for me. Halo 5 got it's competitive play down REALLY solid, I don't care what people say about it.
Commenter:Lmao thats loki racist  Le flashglitz: Exactly!
You didn't just save the old generation, but the new as well
When they caught his ass falling🤣🤣🤣🤣💀
He died for good content....... Lets wait for his Resurrection!!!
as a catholic I approve
That thumbnail tho
This is copy of the Bible
I love this game, first FPS in the past 15 years thats been any good and back to the good ol days. 30 Year old men tho.......just called me out.
Halo 3 is still the best I will always think it should have been the end of the story..
This isn't even true since halo infinite is everything a gen z pathetic game is like just without a battle royale.
that was one rough end lol. good thing we got that whole resurrection arc.
Only reason I’m buying a Xbox series x is for halo
Fun fact: when Cheifus Christ is in the arms of the previous Halo's, as he's told he passed the tests, his infinite necklace begins to glow gold like those of the good halos. Great attention to detail for an amazing shit post.
Don't worry. Halo will return a 3 dats later and crush competition once more.
Aye where’s reach
Someone really drew a fighter jet clit and you fools didn’t bother to censor it lol
Fuck and I'm 30 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 too damn good lmfao 🤣
Master chief, do you mind telling what you're doing on twitch?
well... im in 30th.. i like halo since day 1, i like the story. cant wait to play it. not gonna judge even if its gonna be crappy. (personal opinion) everyone gota like something in they life...
1:37, he’s not wrong.
Let's be honest 343 shat on halo with 4 and 5
I can bet they add battle royal..
Yep satan will try to make you do everything wrong in order to be liked or convince you thats the only way to succeed.
"343 raped me" 😅🤣 accurate depiction of Twitter idiots
I needed this
He sounds like beastman
The passion of chief
Ah halo 3. The pinnacle of multiplayer shooters. Kids will never know a world with original gaming ideas.
Yes it’s exactly this :D   The game is so good
As a 30 year old man, Reach is a lot better than Infinite by a long shot
Holiness
Still love Halo 4 campaign, and 5's multiplayer....but this shit was funny
Okay I know.. I KNOW it’s heresy to have forgotten the name, but what’s the sing at 1:33
I like how only 4 prior games are represented, as it should be. There was never a Halo 5
Portrays the whole debacle pretty well.
Jetpack so accurate
So sacrilegious and funny at the same time
1:34 hit me hard.. oof
But where’s reach that was a good game too sure there was loudouts but they were all the same so it was fair
Simply amazing.
Lmao I totally thought Satan was gonna talk infinite into becoming a f2p game but this was pretty good too
Lmao, I loved it.
The passion of the chief
Beautiful and Pure...
John 3:16 For God so loved the earth that He gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believes on him shall not perish but have everlasting life.
WHY WAS THERE AN AIRPLANE WITH BOOBS?
Gives off South Park vibes, love it
The voices reminded me of South park
I love this art
I literally had tears as 30 year old religious gamer
Halo infinite multi player releases late with barely any content, and years worth of fortnights/cods worst micro transactions, and it passed your test? Why? Seriously why though?
The voices and writing reminds me of a South park episode lol
Reach?
JFC...
bro I just went to church to watch a play and this sent me 😭
im getting serious southpark vibes in this.
Love all the fucking haters that want to play halo 2 forever crying at the end lol
What did the mob say at the end?
Dam, if this ain’t the most accurate interpretation that this game is going through. All the way to the crucifixion.
pffff ahaha I love how they took this story from the bible where satan tries to corrupt jesus (i know this since it was hammered in my head)
so wheres reach?
I am be honest I only play halo 5 and halo infinite, truth be told I just like the game ❤
Let be honest Xbox finally has one game.... after 9 years
fucking, is it sad that I recognize the bible reference used?
I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST!!!!!!!
"30 year old mean are very excited"  HEY NOW...I'm actually 40.
Where’s halo reach at?
Lmao halos for halo
Jesus Christ, this is a bit offense to... Well.... Jesus Christ... But I suppose saying his name in place of a swear isn't great either.
way too good man and yes i am 35 and was excited but then it started going woke and i lost interest
Okay, don’t act like a battle Royale in the Halo universe wouldn’t be pretty neat
Ill have you know im 24 not 30
Not all zoomers wish for dumpster fires, some of us wish for a return, when gaming wasn’t about winning or money, but simply having fun with friends
that ending was kinda sad poor masterchief...
Hey was that always the thumbnail?
They really did a good job with the game. Microsoft corporatism aside.
Unpopular opinion, halo is a boring game
he sounds like randy marsh
"Boobiest of streamers"
bro the bible...really
I don't tend to take the time to like videos. This was absolutely genius.
343 does mess up a ton but a openworld halo game, right up my ally
Me a 30 year old man lmao
i'm 22 thank you and i want halo infinite
Y'all censoring the nips, but not the poonani  Men of culture, right here
this video is beautiful and pure
Fuckinuh beautiful.
"Get out of here Satan!"  *Master Chief yeets barrel*
When the master chief like-voice said, 30-year-old men everywhere...  I felt that like a punch in the face lol
"They hated Halo Infinite because he told them the truth"
as a 30 year old man I can agree
We could make a religion out of this
Stories from the BIBLE are the best stories.
Love the gameplay. Pretty much everything outside the gameplay is garbage.
Where's Reach at?
I kinda liked halo 5
If you pay attention when infinite master chief says did I past the the test his infinity ♾ Necklace glows as the other necklaces. Love the details in this video.
Halo infinite and uts micro transactions is a prime example why "free to play" games need to stop.
"Loe, I looked out upon the the world of streamers and exclaimed, if though stray from the path of salvation by playing Halo Infinite with mouse & keyboard then though doest not know me, sayeth the master Chief."-John 4:20
"If you are truly the game if a century, break this loaf of bread and feed the imagination of the 5000."  'That will be 200 dollars a crumb. I will give you 2 crumbs for 10 dollars but you have to do some bogus challenges like jump 300 times in one game.'
No one gonna talk about the plane vagina at the end?
My friend noticed that you censored the boobs on that airplane but not the Clit... just a heads up
that was wholesome up untill the crucifixion
"343 graped mee" yelled some random person
Well is pretty accurate , still waiting for coop and forge
LMFAOOOO damn
30 year old men everywhere are very excited  Me: well guess I'm 30 now
As a Christian, this is effing hilarious
Whelp, better go make the resurrection sequel to this video
that beyond perfection this remake is perfect
Halo doesn’t need to be a battle royal to have all the trappings of modern gaming
You did good, you did good
0:48 a Halo 2 and 3 master chief wouldn’t care since their is no fall damage
But will Halo Infinite survive the trials of over excessive microtransaction schemes? Only time will tell. Also, Master Chief has no gender in this game. Gaaaaay!
This is the official legit review
At least we got our Halo back
As a 30+ year old man I am happy with halo infinite
I'm still not certain why H4 gets much hate; aside from one mission and one character. H5 though, that was a cluster f**k.
THE CHOSEN ONE!!!
I will forever say this. I. Hate. The re-retro design. U went wit a design choice u can't jus break continuity like that. Literally ruined Halo fo me.
I just want the customization like 3 and reach man.
The boomers are pleased, but the zoomers in their arrogance, cast him down only for it to be relevant more than a week later and so they move on to the next thing.
This means infinite will return.
"343 raped me!" Made me laugh.
Halo Infinite: Exists  OG Halo players: *He is the chosen one, he will bring balance to the force*
1:34 That hurt man
Aw, I really liked the appearence of 1, 2, and 3.  The voiceline caught me off guard.
Halo Infinite sucks and this character isn't even remotely accurate.
Yes 🥲
DOOM Eternal brought me back to shooters. Halo Infinite has brought me back to Multiplayer gaming.
YUP
It was the best thing I ever saw
That end scene was great
"bring back playlists!" Lmao
Lol perfect South Park voice.
nah this is proof god isnt real also furries are too
Lmao dude this was so well done 😂 hoping for a happier ending but it's probably more accurate without one
This is actually a perfect representation of everything going on.  30 year old manchildren are angry about the monetization while they have put out an excellent multiplayer game for free.
0:43 honestly i was expecting him to use his awesome grappling hook for this “test” cause who needs jet packs when you’ve got a sick ass grappling hook at all times now?
Very chad
I guess bad reputation stick like shit
1:44 took a; a turn there
What about reach?
"you did, 30 year old men everywhere are excited"
1:33 sounds like Rick Hunter
biblically accurate
On the end was actually rude but that’s your video not mine so I can’t really say much But keep making videos  Love the vids
Lmfao 30 year olds everywhere are excited! Oh shit I’m almost 30!!!
I will praise the day when battle Royale games, at last, shift into the realm of ubscurety.
Its funny because all the OG fans are 30 or around 30
I dont play halo
Those who don’t know this is very loosely based off a story from the Bible
2:03 I find it interesting that the breasts are censored, but not the lower bits. (Censorship should be a choice by the creator imo. Instead of it being forced from third-parties wanting a 'wider' audience because money says so.)
Not gonna lie, I clicked for the massive mellons. And If you say you didn't, you're lying
IMMA SAY IT, HALO 4 WAS GOOD
The first three games were the best! R.I.P. You are in our hearts!
On the subject of desperation for relevance, here's whatever this was.
hehe bible
the jehova video but in halo
I love you
Only the faithful will truly be rewarded. Stay strong real Halo chads.
Halo 3 is shit but Im mad happy that infinite is shaping up to be astounding
Q.Q
Halo 4-5 was the dark age of Halo.
30 yr old men are excited... You stfu don’t call me out in public like that.
Hey I’m a zoomer and I grew up with classic Halo, the original trilogy and reach are all way better than 4 and 5. I have less of an issue with 4, it’s got some good things going for it, but I will never play 5 again.
This is probably one of the hardest hitting of your videos for me Ol Microsoft really put our boy out on the cross didnt they. Its good and you people dont deserve it
Aim assist is a problem tho
i like how he is reasonable with satan right up until satan tempts him with battle royale
I'm actually 27 but yeah, I'm excited.
This is hilarious, I love it 😂👌🏻
They got they'r bible lore right
we really still using "gay" derogatorily? cmon halo fans :/
For f**k sake...  can you not parody my faith please...  I mean I never see muslims get done like this.
I love this so much.
But Halo did succumb to Satan by instituting a predatory monetization scheme...
I maybe no simp for Twitch Thots, but I will simp for Flashgitz’s Art…  1:07
I'm 18 but I'm very excited
could Lucifer come and tempt me like that? gimme some of dat m’lord, gimme big tid gamer twitchthotty
The final part was beyond accurate lmao
But for real why can't you pick your game mode
satan : boobiest of streamers  my ape brain : noice
satan tempts finite*
this would be the normal ending, the bad ending is that halo infinite learns that he's just like halo five because they both share a batt;le pass system, halo infinite is in denial screaming "it's not true!" as halo 5 laughs evilly, infinite gets forsaken by the past halos and it becomes the new halo 5
Please make a video for Diablo 2 remastered.
Battle Royale game modes are a plague that has swept over the FPS genre.
Wow...I hope this is not considered blasphemy
I may not be 30 years old but DON'T FALL TOWARDS THE DEVILS TEMPTATION! THIS IS THE WAY!
Look i love your content i realy do but can you plz stop makin a joke from Such thing like religiom or country...
False I'm 26 and excited even though I don't have an Xbox, last decent one was reach it seems to have gone downhill after that
Huh where’s reach
Where reach and odst at  Both games are FIRE
And so it was told master chief died for our sins( halo 4and5) but respawned on the 3rd day of infinites release in Cortana’s name amen
I love pretending halo 4/5 never happened! *it was only just a dreaaaam*
This ending make me sad..
Any halo OG here is crying tears of joy.
"I shall not jump!...for I have no loadouts"   uh-oh we got a tryhard over here 🤣
hey, im 29 ill have you know!
As a Christian and a Halo fan, this is very accurate.
Longinus might have been helping jesus, freeing the blood accumulating in his lungs or something
The biblical accuracy is terribly accurate
Why the title and thumbnail change?
I'm 23 and I'm happy
I like how the current modern popular culture is actively being made fun of so extensively by everyone who has some semblance of standards and an IQ above 75.
I think you fergot about reach my friend
He reminds me of randy from south Park trying to be pure 😂
I'm happy it isn't like a battle royal
I mean Masterchief is in Fortnite
The one gamer girl looks like Liz Katz.  Or risi simms....if u know then u know lol
You've heard of Satan tempts Jesus in the desert, now get ready for Halo 4 tempts Halo Infinite in Sandtrap
I watched this like 30 times and I cannot stop doing it!
‘343 raped me! lmao’
Thumbnail changed?
BOW before the ZOOMER and become a Battle Royale game....I started to cry laughing  THANK YOU for NOT being a zoomer game!!!
Bruh. They bowed to the zoomers making it T for teen... Where's the gore!?!?
As a 35-year old man. Halo was the misbegotten son of a prostitute and a Microsoft soldier. There is no GOAG but Counter Strike, and Half Life is his messenger.
Dude, you could be perfect for voice acting in south park
1:40 This picture sums up Infinite perfectly. While not the best Halo game, it does hold that old touch and quality. It's right there under the first three and shows how hard 343 put in it realizing they have Halo in their hands and not a comon shooter game
Too bad in the end, Halo infintie WAS tempted by Halo 4/5. He is their brother after all
Kinda surprised you didn't make Halo Reach one of the angels
That ending is the Halo subreddit right now. God its fucking cancerous.
"Why not turn these stone into dance emote" "Because that would be🤔...gay"
My god theyre on top of sandtrap in halo 3. Just realized it. 💀
Мастера Чифа распяли за наши грехи
Wow, fairly accurate to the book. In a Treasure Planet sorta way.
anyone else notice the... plane vag...
1:05 Zach as a unicorn is fitting
Jesus Chief sounds like Trey Parker
Here we go again
I know it's a joke, but seeing as some people actually take that stance; The ones liking battle royals are content creators (because it's easy content) and children and early teens <14 watching said content, hoping to participate.  A shooter these days were players spawn "equally created" is also welcommed by a lot of us zoomers.
He died for our sins of course
“30 year old men everywhere are very excited”  Yep... and I wouldn’t have it any other way.
just why i did not get it
This felt like a South Park episode
I do still want the single shot battle rifle from reach.
“343 raped me”
This aged well, a day later, and the campaign has great reviews!
As a Catholic Halo fan this is fucking hilarious and amazing
Master Chief sounds like Trey Parker
I kinda want a glowy halo necklace now.
I just can't get the image of Jesus saying "get ottua here Satan" and then chucking barrels at him from my head.
I love you
Halo Infinite is genuinely fun but I'm so burnt out of getting my ass kicked by better players that I rarely play shooters without friends.
Lmao
master chief died for your sins
no. said HALO series and EVERY PLAYER EVER
Game good yes
Not one person mentioning that Master Chief is already in Fortnite, to fulfill those Battle Royale and Dance Emote voids in the Halo series? 😆
What happened to “passion of the chief”
Thank you
Hey why did the title change?
I fucking cried
“Because that’s gay” - Millennials 😂
Forgive them father for they know not what they do.
Bring back slayer! Raaaaaa! Crucify the lord infinite!
Instantly one of my favorites!
Aim assist sucks. Nani!?
At the end where they crucified him Those are the COD players
You forgot about Reach and ODST, I don’t know if they’re a little easter egg in here though.
Rejecting thots and zoomers, what a chad.
I wanted to defend us 30 year olds, but I look in the comments and realize. We don't deserve redemption.
Real men know this was called the passion of the chief
PLEASE do a cartoon dunking on Seth Rogen.
And this video is a prime example of the consequences of removing dislikes as now you don't even have to do the bare minimum research on a contentious topic.  Of course Flashgitz doesn't adress that the gripes are with customization and that everyone is praising the gameplay, or that 343 literally promised stuff in trailers like players not being able to progress through the battlepass through paying, then offered the option to progress via dishing out money. Of course why would they adress the fact that playlists have been a welcome and true addition to the multiplayer aspect since Halo 2?  Really love your content Flashgitz, but this video is garbage.
❤
This is brilliant, funny but also soooo true, especially the last part.
I see someone reads the Gospels. I’m impressed
When did Halo become a bible study video
"343 raped me" absolute gold lol
Halo is a shit franchise, only x box fanbois don't know this
How to spot a youtube squatter: releases clickbait junk right before a game/movie launches then moves on forever
Lol
So pure
the cross reads "GGEZ" instead of INRI, lmao
Halo community is a bunch of children, you have a fun working game, that is more than cod and bf players can say
I like how FG censors plane boobs but not vagina
Surprisingly biblical.
I’m a zoomer and I want nothing to do with these battle passes, the gameplay is fine and this campaign looks great. But challenges to get armor is just not it. I’d rather pay for the game to be right there
You know what... i think the biggest thing, is if multiplayer was released with campaign, on the 8th, and instead on the 20th anniversary we got like.. a lil movie, or something cool like that...    E v e r y o n e would have been happy.  Sure, there are problems with multiplayer, but we heard they are adding the gauss hog, nnn lets not forget, its halo "Infinite" i don't think anything is truly final..
Well the YouTube auto caption system doesn’t seem to like your into cause evidently the closest it gets to flash gitz is flash kids.
rEaL fAnS rEmEmBeR tHe OrIgInAl TiTlE
Like this is happening on the map sandtrap from halo 3. Nice details on the scenes and helmets.
Damn, just one sniff bro.
"Deugh naught trah tempt me Halo four... slash five"
Why did you do that to a spitfire.
You didn't censor enough of that plane...
You guys have always been confusing to me yet hilarious.
Very well done.
please let the game be good
Halo ce’s mark v helmet looks like the one from halo 4
343 RAP*D ME
Halo Infinite die so gaming can be free
I feel like this was planned out before the battlepass stuff hit
I'll just say that halo 4 (the campaign) is underrated (you guys only mourn the death of the villain), halo reach is overrated and 5, well The campaign is a total shit and it is the only one that I have not played more than once but the multiplayer is the best, I would put it a little below the infinite
"343 raped me"... 🥺
So are 24 year old men lol. I started on Halo 2 and Halo has been my favorite video game franchise since.
Did…did i hop between dimensions again? I swear i saw this and the title was “passion of the chief”.
Halo died after reach for me tbh
Satan Master Chief with a Jetpack is the funniest shit
At age 29 that 30 year old men everywhere comment really got me.
“Because that would be 🤔 gey.”
Have you accepted Halo as your first person shooter?
Nice bible reference
I feel attacked, why was this so accurate? lol IM A 30 YEAR OLD MAN
How did you get away with showing that anthropomorphized Spitfire's clit?!
and us 20 - 29 year olds are also crying tears of joy to see our childhood return to use
IT JUST HIT ME THAT THEYRE ON SAND TRAP FROM HALO 3
Lmao
Battle Royal Halo... Por todos los cielos y las gomas falsas!!! NoooOOOO!!!
No wonder Halo's theme is angelic
*It was enough to make a grown man cry*
Unexpected Bible themed flashgitz. What a year indeed.
For borderline blasphemy, this was pretty well made.
This gives me hard south park vibes
I was expecting micro transactions
Chiefus Christ yelling"Get outta here satan!" As he threw a fusion coil had me cracking up. I will never see that story the same way.
What was so bad about halo 4? I keep hearing people say it sucked, but that game was my favorite of the bunch
I fucking love that South Park voice going on
I used to stream on Twitch about 5 years ago, being female it wasn't easy. I honestly got out of it due to guys, always coming onto my stream as well as my discord hassling me. Had more than a few find out where I loved. I hardly ever turned on my cam, when I did I never stood up when they begged, didn't show boobs like twitch thots do now. I just wanted to game, to go up against other male gamers, I was belittled, stalked, & hated. 😔 I still upload videos on my own time on YouTube, I don't ask for any donations or try to be for followers, I just post when I'm ready, I don't use voice or cam, I focus on the game which is how I feel it's suppose to be
The Temptation of Chief
Da Sandbox
That ending is gonna piss off a lot of religious nutjobs. 🤣🤣🤣
Accurately reflects the fickle little whiners that are some IP die hard fans. You can reject everything they complain about and go back to what they want...  And they'll still hate you for not being good enough.
Infinite logo acceptance glow was on point.
Beautiful Christmas video
I remember having to stop playing capture the flag to TYPE Halo trash talk. Now I know how the apostles felt.
just in case any one was looking for it, the song when he collapses into the arms of the previous halo GODS is called Never Forget from halo 3 ;)
The holy trinity of 30 year old men indeed. Blessed is he who has seen the sacred box canyon with his own eyes.
The music was spot on for the context of the parody
I lol'd so hard at this
Where was reach? Lol
"30 year old men everywhere are excited" lmao
And halo 4 master cheif is probably gettin drunk off his ass somewhere
So accurate XD
OK but halo infinite could still jump out of bounds cause grappling hook
I hate zoomers I remember the good old days that we could get on the Xbox 360 and play some reach and Gears of war
SERIOUSLY THOUGH, BOO HOO, FINALLY GET A GOOD GAME AND CANT QUIT CRYING, HATE THIS COMMUNITY
I dunno man, you glossed over the rampant MTX's....
Bruh I don't like it they made it too much for cod fans then halo fans same with 2042
14 year old children have cried to this. Like me
Another Halo animation. These are the best lol
Passion of the chief
While it is not perfect, it hasn’t even fully released yet. While I have my frustrations, I will be patient.
I'm concerned with how accurate they are with the 30 year old men bit, considering it describes me exactly.
Funny thing, he was stab by the spear of "Destiny 2"
As a 30(cough,ish,cough)yo man, I haven't played it so idk if I'm very excited or not  Because even after decades of improvements, the best my internet can achieve is Dial Up + 1
If we don't call out the horrible monetization and not support it, however, things will only get worse.
343 KILLED MY MOTHER!!
If I remember the bible lore correctly, a single tear from God would fall from the sky that shook the earth and 343 says they'll add forge...
I remember when this was called “Passion of the Chief”
1:44 forgive them developers for they know not what they do
personifying each video game is nothing short of satirical perfection
Title change?
The BOOBIEST of streamers!
Passion of the UNSC
Get out of here satan
Passion of the Chief shall always and forever be the title of this creation.
Never thought I’d see Flashgitz doing Bible story references. Lol
Hey, I'm 24 not 30! Still exited though
We human have Halo 😇
If only it was so. Infinite is still corrupt and cringe unfortunately.
Where was reach at man
I’m wondering if they’ll do a battlefield 2042 one
Hello skedadudler
The thumbnail changed!
The music work is really good
Halo 4 slut5?
After this video a different demon approached and it's name was Free To Play
There are not enough halo Jesus jokes out there
I like how Reach wasn't even brought up once
Halo infinite's gameplay is damn good, but its reward structure is ass. The iconic Mark 6 armor master chief wears along with the cosmetics of halo reach fill up the battlepass and there isn't anything you can unlock outside the pass or the store. it's a damn shame.
Only thing I've paid attention to in a while and got a nice chuckle
Where is halo 5???
“Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited.” Oof, that hit me hard.
Knowing flashgitz, this is going to age like fine wine
It os bad I know the source is a jehovah witness vid
its just fun, join a match and have a blast :D
But he did so well
I would like to imagine Vanguard and Battlefield 2042 are also on each sides of  Halo Infinite. And Vanguard makes fun of Halo while Battlefield defends him. One is sent into Game heaven the other is set into game hell.
I laughed too hard at the end cause it’s the truth
They have actual halos
Damn you are good......
"Bow before the zoomers and become a battle royale game." "Get out of here, Satan!"
As a Christian, and OG Halo Fan this is both wholesome and accurate. Great job flashgitz🙌
Blasphemy... is gay
The amount of heresy i see needs to be purged in holy fire
Funny how in real life, halo Jesus actually took all the sins and most players are too busy with their rose tinted nostalgia goggles to notice. The pattern began in halo 5 ppl, became obvious in mcc and now it's really out in the open. If you havnt seen the issue by now please go look into it and realize you're being scammed
0:52 *uses grappleshot* Edit: wait, didn't Infinite get tempted by the pay for cosmetics system???
Whats wrong with halo 4
I'm 28 but still pretty excited
Never knew that halo guy was actually Stan Marsh
I’m crying
Halo= dogshit
0:26 so true
Yo Halo Infinite is actually really fun. Maybe it's just my boomer blood but it is nice just to have a fun shooter game with no strings or bullshit. Feels like the good ol' Halo 2 days actually.
I'm that 30 year old man. 🤣😂
This has some strong Southpark vibes
Most watched on twitch and the boobiest of streamers hahah that hit the nail right on the head!!!
The ending is pretty accurate to how toxic the community is right now.
Is no one going to mention how fire the music is for this one?
This is honestly the truest and bestest thing I've seen. I'm so glad OG halo is coming back
Aw what happened to the original title it was perfect :(
Wait wasn't this titled passion of the chief? Did youtube try and tempt flashgitz with a name change or something?
Surprisingly biblically accurate
"Game of the generation" it looks bad though
You guys should do a Team Fortress 2 video
“343 Raped me” LMAO.
“Change these stones to dance emotes” Halo 4 and 5  “that would be gay” halo infinite 2021
No raid shadow legend I'm disappointed
This is how Jesus became a god
We're is Halo 5
That was actually a really good adaptation of Jesus's Fast
Man i just recently watched a documentary Video of satan trying to convince Jesus to  lose all Hope in humanity
I loved the Halo's halos. I love that this is on sandtrap.
it like the bible
oh cool - casual homophobia, perfect something using Christianity, actually.
I'm impressed by how well this parallels the biblical story, properly.
Chief is not a simp
I thought passion of the chief was a good title lol
im a hige halo fan and also 30  years old, feel very called out lmfao
this gave me big south park vibes
I’m 17 and cried tears of joy so that statement is FALSE!!
"forgive them bungie! For they know not what they do!"
And lo, the lord created the two weapon carry system and sayeth "You shall only carry one weapon, not one or thrice, but only two and two it shall be. Thou shall not spawn with a power weapon but ye shall find it and ye must drop a weapon so that the balance of two shall remain."
Based
I saw this with the original title
lol I'm only 20 years old
As both a HALO PLAYER SINCE I WAS A KID and a CHRISTIAN I fucking love every little bit
What do you have to smoke to come up with comparing halo to jesus and then execute it
no mention of microtransactions
The truth has been spoken!  Hail to thy commandments.
Hey! Where's Reach? It deserves to be there as well.
All Men Are Equal In The ARENA
The aeromorph? O_0 2:04
Never will you make a bad animation .
You guys are blasphemous
Oh yea baby
Oh my gosh it’s a Bible reference
Passion of the Chief
Can you do another video about fighter fist
I don't remember Passion fo Christ looking like this?
Idk if that's the actual masterchief VA but if it isn't then he did a rock solid job
No words
Bungie halo’s are the best games. Halo infinite is a hard reboot from halo 4 and 5.
Why did the title of the video change? Wasn’t it called something different yesterday?
Ah the E3 reveal only poncho  truly blasphemous
It doesn’t have a coop campaign it’s not worthy of the original 3.
Muslim or religious master chief be like
I was so happy seeing the past halos hold infinite and reveling in beautiful nostalgia that the ending caught me so off guard
Halo infinite really is the second coming of Christ
yo i read this on a book once
the worst is that this is true
not having loadouts is godlike
I am so happy, Halo doesn't look like complete dogshit
You should've turned it at the end because they fucked up with unlockables behind pay walls. Who tf wants to buy a blue and slightly black paint for $10?
Honestly 4 wasn’t even that bad. 5 on the other hand…
Just 30 year old men? Huh, I must have missed a few birthdays.
Lmaooooo omfgggg
Is there a game people dont bitch about?
God bless america
Not sure if this is supposed to be the devil tempting Jesus or DUNE .. hmm edit: Halo is Jesus
FOR THE ALGO!!!
The voice acting in this is absolutely amazing an hilarious 😂😂😂
"That wud b gaaayyy..." 😂😂😂
I am that 30 year old
I'm an Aethiest but this is 100% equal
*Shoots the black cloak guy* never ever come back you hear?!
OK I get the halo 5 being "satan" but what are people doing with halo 4 these days. I still play it with friends.
Now everyone rise so that we may T-Bag in the name of the Lord.
That score at the end is so good, need a full version
Yeah, he passed the test... the beta test that is x)
I just noticed they're on Sandtrap, I recognize those towers anywhere!
1:26 for everyone who is wondering why chief is suddenly dying. An jackal sniper on legendary difficulty gave him a head shoot, so fast no one is abel to see it, while he and his comrades hold a festival for the return to glory in the halo franchise.
Because that would be. Gay. *dies*
You hit me with the 30yo joke bruh
Don't worry chief, we'll finish the fight
This was beautiful and biblically accurate too honestly
"To be made by 343 is to be born of sin." -Guilty Spark 4:20
You know I can sue you guys if I want to, 😂
I like how this is on trending
Flashgitz is glorious
Halo infinite: I don’t need to appeal to twitch simps with a Battle Royal  Halo 1,2,3: that is good you have finally learned…  Halo infinite: because I can milk all the monetization I want from the lazy Free to Play crowd who happily pay to skip the slow progression grind.  Halo 1,2,3: manly tears
Honestly they did a lot right, but then they monetized the fuck out of customization. Just make the game $60 and let us do whatever the fuck we want with our armor.
Rejoice brothers as our campaing start at dec 15
This was amazing! super accurate <3
Imma be honest the ”passion of the chief” title was a lot more clever and better
Jesus beat the merchants out of the temple...why does this temple have a store?
30 yo man and proud
"...only the boobyest..."
OK this is very amazing
Talk about spot on. I find it funny how everyone has forgotten how greedy Microsoft is. Microsoft's game store tanked due to overpriced exclusive add-ons/DLC and full retail pricing on old games. On top of that they charged the game companys a hefty sales commission that would even make Steam blush. The most underhand offenses of them all they charged the companys for Microsoft's Official Microsoft Verisign for every game update. This is because Microsoft's DRM would block any and all added code without it. Let's just say if you owned a game purchased from the original game store there was a good chance your game was not up to date.
Let's hope 343i changes the game
0:27 LMAO I LITERALLY SAID THE SAME THING CHIEF SAID AFTER HIS PAUSE, NOT EXPECTING HIM TO ACTUALLY SAY IT! THUMBS UP!
🤣🤣🤣🤣
So why was thumbnail and title changed?
He has risen, let us pray brothers
30 year old men jokes are 100% spot on.
The fact that this is literally a direct Bible reference
That last part really got me
the scene with infinite envisioning halo ce, 2 and 3 was beautiful until... yeah that.
I was hoping to hear drunk master chief again
Lmao halo fans are so terrible. Same with cod. I just want to play a game. Please go seek therapy.
haha the part where he throws the fusion coils lmao and satan scurries lmao
The hero’s of yesteryear shall rise up and become the reclaimers of their birth right…. Only to be crucified in 7 months time when a required DLC map pack costing $19.99 comes out and only one of the maps is regularly played because it’s the beloved box canyon of blood gulch.
1:49 Microsoft forgive them....they know not what they do.  And I just about lost it on "the boobiest of streamers."
🤣🤣🤣🤣brilliant
Violation on the streaming girls 🤣🤣🤣🤣
As someone who doesn’t play Halo, this was some weird futuristic version of a Biblical story
Don’t worry, he will rise Again from his grave and be the very BEST there is!
the infinite necklace started shining at 1:34 was a nice detail
1:09 I SEE WHAT YOU DID THER. 🤫
R/halo
What about halo reach? That deserves to be with the original 3.
I'm getting infinite because of this video
Ok, this got me.
Does Master Chief ever use the bathroom?. I mean he's been wearing that armor since Halo 1.
Halo infinite
4 wasn’t the worst thing on the planet, I believe it has a better story than 5. 5 did push it’s luck tho.
Damn I literally just turned 30. And I am, indeed, "very excited" edit: I take back what I said... god why did i get my hopes up? I should've learned my lesson from the last 2 halos.. and battlefield,.. and call of duty
Halo Infinite (based on your multiplayer) you did do good… from a pure gameplay perspective.  Do need to fix this playlist/matchmaking issue though😂
The bible really do be hittin' different nowadays
Ahh gamer culture. Never change.  But also please change
The gameplay itself is so good. But it’s kinda a mess in regards to playlists and cosmetics
hahahahahahhahahahaah
The nailed the most important part of the game, and the part they've failed at continually: the combat. Now they just have to build a proper body around that combat with playlists, forge, etc. Oh, and the campaign has to make up for the mistakes of 4 and 5, which is a whole other kind of challenge.
They should play this during the sermon.
343 Raped me
This is biblically accurate
"The cringe zoomers flee when no man pursues. But the epic gamers are bold as a lion."                    -Broverbs 4:20
Neat
Nah the game is lit
A new golden era has begun
Bruh 🤣🤣 this was worth spending the last 5 min of my break
"343 Studios forgive them, for they know not what they do."
To be fair...the community makes good points .  Game was rushed and suffers from optimization issues , aim assist and aiming in general feel very weird cause of it too .  The monetization system is bad ( 60 $ campaign + battle pass + microtransactions ) though you are probably used to this kind of bs if you played any other contemporary games ( MMOs , gachas , FPS , literally almost anything nowadays sadly ) , the exp grind is real .   Infinite is yet another product of this contemporary gaming industry . It is nowhere near as complete or respectful of the customer's money as the older titles used to be .
I appreciate such a relatively obscure Bible reference being the basis of a Halo parody. Not an ounch of disrespect or misinterpretation, good shit 👍🏻👍🏻
So so accurate
We’re is reach
Only getting the game for the campaign. Love how 343 is gonna be a dick trendy and charge for cosmetics like every other piece of shit out there
2:03 Welp. That's enough internet for one day.
It be nice if everyone in the game seen the same game going on lol  Might be a big ask but I'm sick of getting beat down and I don't see anyone around me
The ambiguity with the age / appeal thing is confusing. Are they not supposed to appeal to their 30 year old fans? That's the only demographic who really like Halo, right? The people who had no other options back in 2001 lol
666k views. Ironic.
hi
Umm serious question i like reach but is it on of the good games
Me: I got challenge to complete a match of slayer Halo multiplayer: Oddball
I'm 19 and I'm crying
Lord forgive them,they don’t know what they are doing
The crucifixion is an allegory for the cash shop
Wow it’s at 666 views rn haha
Jesus Christ is king 🙏❤️
If not becoming a battle royal is locking most of your content behind a premium battle pass paywall then yeah they totally did that.....
I swear these parodies are genius
3 will always be there to hold infinite in his time of sorrow. Reach was watching over heaven from the mega verse
halo infinite was the game we did not want but needed   i was not born when halo came out and haven't played it at all but i did watch halo legends and as little as it maybe to the ones who played halo , it was still my childhood so thank you so much Flashgitz for this amazing video
Bringing back the master Chief voice actor from the previous halo cartoons was perfect. Fantastic work!
How has no one noticed that they forgot to censor the bottom half of the 'plane' around the 2-minute mark yet?
Except the game is full of microtransactions and has a battle pass, which are scams. You shill.
Hahaha the numbered Halos. You can't tell me this animation wasn't made just for that idea.
I was about to say at the end "Is that a plane with breasts?" then I remembered that it's a flashgitz vid.
Waiting in that Muhammad video...
Oney cartoons?
Halo 4 is a damn masterpiece compared to the microtransaction ridden, co-op lacking, forge removed hellscape that is Infinite.
The boobiest of streamers 😂 I would have folded
Miss when this video was Passion of the chief lol
as roman catholic person, it is true
Did they change the title?
Deeply concerning how biblically accurate this is
I wont lie, infinite is kinda trash. The guns are useless the only ones that actually kill people are the sniper.
Lolololw
30 Years old men are excited everywhere. Basically lol
I am one excited 30 year old!
I am a 30y/o man and I approve that message
The feels 🥲 Most wholesome 30 year old boomer moment of the year 😂❤️
After games 4 and 5 were that bad , i have little hope for game 6 !
I'm excited for this game :)
At 27 and as an OG Halo fan that's a big oof.
Lmao the fucking accuracy like how are you guys so in sync with EVERY gaming community.
30 who u calling 30 I'm 19🤣🤣🤣
Who ever believes Halo infinite is amazing. You clearly a blind fool. Sorry but it's the truth. Micro transactions is literally 💩. As if Halo 5 rek packs wasn't bad.  recycle armors that you need money to get. I am grinding my ass for color purple and gray. Limited armor pickings . A seasons pass that literally looks like Fortnite store. At this point they might as well give us a battler royal since it's free 🖕. Yes it's free. Easy for hackers 🖕. I rather pay 60 dollars. Instead of a Fortnite store.
That was so fkn good.
30 year old’s are indeed very excited in a violent way.
Bf 2042 parody of this
The irony is that this cartoon may have been made too early, and missed the part Halo infinite gave in to the ultimate terrible game temptation of egregious MTX and horrific battlepass/play list system designed to wear you out to encourage you to just fork out a thousand bucks to unlock all the cosmetics and rewards. As much as I dislike them, Jim Sterling was right. Cosmetics are part of the gameplay experience and Halo infinite knows it.
Does this make Noble 6 into John the Baptist, or is he St. Peter? Or does this make Noble Team into the three Wisemen?  Remember (Reach), Noble 6 (and Emile and Carter) got Cortana to the Pillar of Autumn.
Can’t wait for the next Space Marines vs Furries
Everyone seems to complain about Halo Infinite Battle Pass and microtransaction but for those I only have one question: Remind me how much you paid for the game ? Exactly...
This cannot be more accurate
This biblical reference this was crazy
1:34 I just noticed the infinite emblem on his necklace lit up when he gets his approval. It's the little things.
Halo infinite gave into a battle pass and micro transactions lol
Love it
In the name of the spartan, the covenant and the holy spark. Amen
Hello! I wanted to ask you one question, but I couldn't get in touch with you on your other social networks, so I'm sorry to ask here. You have very cool cartoons, and I would like to popularize them to the Russian audience. Is it possible to translate and voice your cartoons? Naturally, indicating your full authorship!
Honestly this is too much south park energy
These guys literally never miss
Fun fact: people now stopped playing it
I'm out of the loop, can someone explain to me what the end scene with Cheif nailed to the cross represents?
1:10 is why all games are bad now....they ruin everything
Still managed to shaft the release, campaign without co-op, one game mode in vs. Still should've finished the fight well over 5 games ago.  Edit: Can't even replay the campaign. Still apparently considered good. Nah.
Hilarious, but the crucifixtion that 343 and Microsoft is getting isn’t undeserved- you don’t take Halo and then cut-out the multiplayer, make it free just so you can pump in an overly aggressive monetization scheme with terrible “armor cores”, bland colors that are no different from the default, and the ugliest, most unimaginative armor pieces I’ve ever seen. Not to mention the excuses for horrible playlists and the bogus ass “challenges”.   And THEN expect to charge us full price for only half of a game. If the MP was packaged with the campaign- as it should be- I’d still be giving them a rash of shit because all of the previous Halo games had plenty of customization options unlocked right at the start. You don’t get to charge more for less, it just isn’t right.   Microsoft could have easily created their own IP with which to aggressively monetize, but instead they took one of the most successful gaming IPs in history and then tried to ruin it.   343 is either complicit in this or Microsoft is holding them by the balls so hard that they can’t do anything to help the game that they spent six years making because some Exec looked at the $3 billion EA raked in off micro transactions and wanted in on that pie.   Either way this does not spell out good things for the gaming community at large. We need to stop paying full price for shit games and then being grateful to the companies like EA, Dice, Ubisoft, etc for releasing shit games to us. We as a community are a part of the problem, and until we realize that nothing will change.
I love how this takes place on Sandtrap
The chosen one of the creators to be bestowed upon the mankind of 10 year olds .  Its our angel .
Halo 5 had so much more content on launch then halo infinite.
Dead 🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Don't worry his coming back to life
One of your best guys.
0:11 reason why hes Halo 4..... /5?     Because Halo 5 had little to no Master Chief in it.
I'm almost 26, not 30, but I will cry my eyes out when I finally play the campaign in 2 days
This is the most hilarious thing I have seen in years. 😂😂 "Halo 4, slash 5..."
As a 29 year old man can confirm
Yes Twitch girls are Sucubusses of Satan for sure.. Everything checks out!
I actually enjoyed halo 4 and halo 5 campaign
I know the reference they are pretty much mirroring here and the parody is so well done. Also almost to real for comfort! Awesome vid
Forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.
forgive them father for they know not what they do
The boobie streamers made me laugh because it's true.
LET'S GO 30 YEAR OLDS
30 year old Men: Appeased. Twitch Zoomers: Much wailing and gnashing of teeth.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing
💙💙💙💙💙 💙💙 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
Omg xD this is amazing!!
to... too accurate IT'S TOO ACCURATE!
A tale as old as time itself, also I hate the antichrist.
HALOOO REEEEEAAAAAACH
I cried, but I'm not even a christian nor a 30 yo hardcore Halo fan. Man, Your work is beautiful.
What is it? A Flashgitz video without some shitty mobile game add in the end? What a surprise...
Of course you had to put the e-girls in the thumbnail. Now tell me, was it worth it?
Nice👌🏻
Am I the only one who is sad not to have seen a sponsored ad from the Flashgitz boys in this one?
Halo: "Bungie... BUNGIE... Why have you forsaken me?"
Wasnt it passion of chief?
The game is great so far aside from the microtransactions
Why did you guys have to change the name? It was way funnier as Passion of the Chief.
Plot twist: becomes a character in fortnite
Damn, Ricepirate did Halo 3's voice real good.
I rewarded halo infinites multiplayer faithfulness with a honour though small I have never given to a game before. I actually bought their battle pass. Not Fortnight or even Apex got me to do that.
Remember the words of Chadicus The III “Temptation Leads to damnation.”
Funny that you pixelated the plane boobs but not the snatch that is in plain view.
Got it spot on. Battle Royal sucks compared to bungie playstyles.
Flashgitz being out of video idea's: to the bible we go!!
30 year old men are very happy 😂 your not wrong lmfao
as a Christian, I should have you hang for making this. That being said I should hang myself for laughing through it all…
Halo 4 is good
What... the.... heck.... This is so sacrilegious.
Why every time Christmas is near ! This kind of parody ALWAYS appear ?
take better about Halo 4 !
…….they have halos, for halos…..FREAKING GENIUS
Halo reminds me, did Roosterteeth drop your project because of all the casual racism and homophobia in your work?
Lmao 😂 let me rewrite some parts of my bible
So true... especially cause I'm a 30 year old men... and the sacrifice of Halo Infinite has already begun.
343 fucked up
"I am the game of a generation... beautiful and pure" this guy has the south park voices and dialogue down to a science.
"How long wilt thou forget me, Halo? For ever? How long wilt thou hide thy face from me?"
Infinite to the haters: "BEFORE THE CAMPAIGN DROPS, YOU SHALL DENY ME 117 TIMES!"
Satan tempted him with aggressive predatory microtransactions and a challenge system that would drive players to the store. This chief has already fallen.
“You have heard it that you shall love Bungie and hate 343 studios but I say unto you, love 343 studios and pray for those who hate and despitefully persecute you because you play the new Halo Infinite game.”
A very clever Bible reference.
Uh, I think you needed to censor the bottom portion of that plane woman picture...
I am a Roman Catholic ✝ I approve this video 👍
This was perfect
oh i remembered that im 30. fuck.
I actually liked halo 4 and 5
The facts might have hit to close to home lol
Funnier 2nd time around :)
This is the perfect representation of the argument like halo infinite’s great but is missing a lot of content it’s so hard to pick a side on this
Gamers rejoice the zoomers are being weeded out from our ranks!
Halo 4 went from a drunkard to the ruler of hell. This guy mustve gone through hell.
WTF 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
1:52 let me listen too this on loop
You guys
Remember , he died for our sins !
I went to the Halo 5 Launch Party at Camden and there just was not enough free alcohol at the event to satisfy me. I got quickly tired of the multiplayer and just couldn't work out what was going on in the main campaign... the main event hosts were just fucking cringe... I hope for a return to form and haven't even tried the Beta yet...
Original title and thumbnail were better
What’s the opinion of reach
1:34 “ 30 year old men everywhere are very excited” Me- i’m only 28😅
Thank god it not a battle royal. That would kill it
I thought it was supposed to be satan not emperor palpatine??
"30 year old men everywhere are excited." So true
Attention from the boobiest of streamers... lmao 🤣 too accurate
Thank you for ragging on the morons complaining about literally everything in this fantastic game.
Brings back memories of Sandtrap in Halo 3 😂😭
Still waiting for more templars killing furies!
Yeeting fusion coils lol
I'm not that guy 😉
I swear to god, if the toxic ass holes ruin this game by complaining and griping to 343 about aim assist, no emotes, wanting another shitty battle royal or whatever the fuck they're complaining about on Redit and then 343 capitulate to them it'll be the death of their company. I don't even notice the aim assist, what the hell are they even talking about anyways? The playlist thing I can kinda understand though that would be nice.
😂😂😂😂
343: hopefully Halo Infinite will redeem u-  Halo redditors: you raped us all
Jokes on halo 4/5 master chief is in Fortnite so technically he is a battle royal game LoL
*The F-ck Was With The Anthro Plane!?*
The  Necklaces are lowkey sick!
Except Halo 4 is actually good
Honest the best Part of the entire Video was being called a greedy Piggy hahahaha
He who demands battle royale shall be cast into the lake of Sony.
"343 raped me!"
1:45 I love infinite and its good people just want nostalgia fuel and are just living in a by gone era
Пара :(апр Лада апр Лора апр опора апр Лора апр
"you ether die a hero, or live long enough to be the villain."
Wait is that sand trap from halo 3
They forgot to do some important censoring... 2:05
We worship Thy passion, O Chief! Show us also Thy resurrection!
I thought this was called the Passion of the Chief. Did you change it or something?!
You inconsiderate bastards! How dare you make me laugh so hard while quietly trying to make a whole mess of "drunkards modified/improved" hamburger helper without waking my family.....now they'll want to partake in some of my bombing ass food because I'm actually an amazing cook. I just didn't intend on sharing and was going to eat the entire thing. Jerks.
Halo ♾ is infinite fun! Because having fun is key, right?
I still don't get it - this game is terrible, it's just the best 343 Halo so far. I want to encourage them for improving what they did, but it still has so far to go..
“343 raped me”
GGEZ
I’m 30 year old men, we are very excited 😁😆
I'd love to be your pretty pink beautiful dep  *YT.SV/CÄSHREXSLOVES*      ''Amazed'' Lips: ''Sensual''  Smile: ''Sweeter''  Body: ''Colder''  Жизнь, как красивая мелодия, только песни перепутались.​  Köz karaş: ''Taŋ kaldım''  Erinder: ''Sezimdüü''  Jılmayuu: ''Tattuuraak''  Dene: ''Muzdak''  Jizn, kak krasivaya melodiya, tolko pesni pereputalis.​ Aç köz arstan  Bul ukmuştuuday ısık kün bolçu, jana arstan abdan açka    bolgon. Uyunan çıgıp, tigi jer-jerdi izdedi. Al kiçinekey koyondu gana taba algan. Al bir az oylonboy koyondu karmadı. ''Bul koyon menin kursagımdı toyguza albayt'' dep oylodu arstan.  Arstan koyondu öltüröyün dep jatkanda, bir kiyik tigi tarapka çurkadı. Arstan aç köz bolup kaldı. Kiçine koyondu emes, çoŋ kiyikti jegen jakşı dep oylodu.00           THREE IN ONE  L...❤❤❤... YOUTUBE: THIS IS FINE. THREE IN ONE SOMEONE: SAYS ''HECK''. YOUTUBE: BE GONE Life's story is a short journey so have fun before sleeping forever #Чо #эт #делает #на #2 #месте #в #тренде #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков .#垃圾. Megan: ''Hotter'' Hopi: ''Sweeter'' Joonie: ''Cooler'' Yoongi: ''Butter'' Жизнь, как красивая мелодия, только песни перепутались.   Megan: "Hotter"  Hopi: "Sweeter"  Joonie: "Cooler"  Yoongi: "Butter" . ライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもんね（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした！今後は気を付けないとね. .  !💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！ #１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！ #まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾 今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした,. 💖🖤在整個人類歷史上，強者，富人和具有狡猾特質的人捕食部落，氏族，城鎮，城市和鄉村中的弱者，無`'守和貧窮成員。然而，人類的生存意願迫使那sfdsd些被拒絕，被剝奪或摧毀的基本需求的人們找到了一種生活方式，並繼續將其DNA融入不斷發展的人類社會。. 說到食物，不要以為那些被拒絕的人只吃垃圾。相反，他們學會了在被忽視的肉類和蔬菜中尋找營養。他們學會了清潔，切塊，調味和慢燉慢燉的野菜和肉類，在食品``
I'd love to be your pretty pink beautiful dep  *YT.SV/CÄSHREXSLOVES*      ''Amazed'' Lips: ''Sensual''  Smile: ''Sweeter''  Body: ''Colder''  Жизнь, как красивая мелодия, только песни перепутались.​  Köz karaş: ''Taŋ kaldım''  Erinder: ''Sezimdüü''  Jılmayuu: ''Tattuuraak''  Dene: ''Muzdak''  Jizn, kak krasivaya melodiya, tolko pesni pereputalis.​ Aç köz arstan  Bul ukmuştuuday ısık kün bolçu, jana arstan abdan açka    bolgon. Uyunan çıgıp, tigi jer-jerdi izdedi. Al kiçinekey koyondu gana taba algan. Al bir az oylonboy koyondu karmadı. ''Bul koyon menin kursagımdı toyguza albayt'' dep oylodu arstan.  Arstan koyondu öltüröyün dep jatkanda, bir kiyik tigi tarapka çurkadı. Arstan aç köz bolup kaldı. Kiçine koyondu emes, çoŋ kiyikti jegen jakşı dep oylodu.00           THREE IN ONE  L...❤❤❤... YOUTUBE: THIS IS FINE. THREE IN ONE SOMEONE: SAYS ''HECK''. YOUTUBE: BE GONE Life's story is a short journey so have fun before sleeping forever #Чо #эт #делает #на #2 #месте #в #тренде #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков .#垃圾. Megan: ''Hotter'' Hopi: ''Sweeter'' Joonie: ''Cooler'' Yoongi: ''Butter'' Жизнь, как красивая мелодия, только песни перепутались.   Megan: "Hotter"  Hopi: "Sweeter"  Joonie: "Cooler"  Yoongi: "Butter" . ライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもんね（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした！今後は気を付けないとね. .  !💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！ #１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！ #まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾 今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした,. 💖🖤在整個人類歷史上，強者，富人和具有狡猾特質的人捕食部落，氏族，城鎮，城市和鄉村中的弱者，無`'守和貧窮成員。然而，人類的生存意願迫使那sfdsd些被拒絕，被剝奪或摧毀的基本需求的人們找到了一種生活方式，並繼續將其DNA融入不斷發展的人類社會。. 說到食物，不要以為那些被拒絕的人只吃垃圾。相反，他們學會了在被忽視的肉類和蔬菜中尋找營養。他們學會了清潔，切塊，調味和慢燉慢燉的野菜和肉類，在食品``
Why am I not surprised that the PC players are whining about aim assist again
i missed the armor cosmetic is to earn them by skill now its show of wealth
The 23 year old me was only interested in the thumbnail
I love how the medallion of infinit started glowing
The only valid complaint was that we gotta be allowed to choose the game mofr
Merry Christmas everyone!
I like how they used the famous temptation chapter for Chirst since Halo has a ton Bible references. Nice👌🏿
The fact that I recognized the plane image is kinda
Meh I never asked for free to play. And the microtransactions
Yes
Halo sucks.
100% Accurate. 👍
Flashgitz R34 when?
Dissing halo reach and odest  i see
By this analogy, Infinite will rise in time and become something far greater. I do believe that. All it needs is a few fixes and it will be great. I am enjoying myself. I am thrilled to see Halo relevant and teaching all these youngin' whippersnappers what a really amazing game is.
Great. As always
Halo infinite is failing. At least until they add more modes and fix the monetization.
1:45 343 rap me. I like the nod to Activision rape case.
now I feel bad for infinite
FYI the wasp is op as fuck!!
Transforming Halo infinite into the biblical story of Jesus's temptataion is the most genius thing ive seen all year.
Have pity on infinity’s soul he walks the ground and it can bear great wonders or destruction
I feel like if flashgitz can say it’s good that’s gotta mean it’s good
Uuuhh yeah 30 year olds 😬
On the fucking nail... into a wooden cross.
Once again, delicious
"Passion of the Chief"
Repent for all of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior.
ah ok
Why did you change the video name? "Passions of the chief" was much better
As an 18 year old male I am probably one of the most excited for the campaign and the happiest that there is no br thank you very much
The Halo community appreciates this. Infinite is so much better than the trash that was H4 and 5.
The best part is that everything in this video is true, from beginning to end
I got the joke, but what the actual hell was this 2:03 ?!!!
Man flashgitz you guys really screwed up this time. No one makes fun of Jesus Christ and gets away with it. Jesus Christ may be Love but he is also CONSUMING FIRE. He forgive sins but one sin he doesn't forgive is making fun of him his name and his holy spirit. Whether you want to believe its real or not its real!
just out of curiosity, who is the 3rd chick with the heart headphones based off? my dick wants to know
Where the fuck is my Raid Shadowlegends promo?!?!
BF2042 bowed and became a battle royale...
That  was very biblical...
HALO Reach and ODST just chillin
I litteraly learned about this at church today😂
Even Flashgitz cant get me to put aside my hatred for the overrated pile of rancid dogshit that is the Halo Franchise
LOL when the video gets renamed a few hours later
you forgot to censure the... you know what? nvm
343 R@ped me🤣
Infinite's looking solid, got some issues. But it's looking decent. Hopefully the campaign ain't poopy.
Omg what happened to the halo 4 and 5 masterchief voice🤣
2:04 *ehm* you forgot to censor something?
Guys, you should've got Gianny to voice Chief
Halo infinite is legit just ass and boring af
“It’s like the good book says…”  “I don’t think it actually says that” “I was paraphrasing you heathen!”
I'm just happy there is another Halo game, the shop and everything else may be bad. But Halo is our childhood, it came so far and we deserve to treat it like our child
"the boobiest of streamers, you must simply bow before the zoomers" ROLF.
You can see a couple of gamers throwing the v sign at Mastercheif assuming they are from the UK because that's their way of saying fuck off
The jetpack got me so bad lmaoooooo
I like how halo 4 went from a disgruntled drunk to an evil hunchback.
Damn I’m 18 but all I can say was that I was a Halo 3-5 kid
Art
Why name the name change?
So the lance of Longinus first tasted the blood of 117 It all makes sense now Evangelion happens after Halo 'Twas the covenant that melted the southern ice cap And the angels were the ultimate synthetic lifeforms created by the forerunners,  Who were poised to wake in the event the Halo Array should fail Gravemind was a monument to our sins But the angels are the epitaph of our atonement Don't listen to the monitors, Keith David Truth was right all along
I enjoy halo infinite. Does that make me a follower ?  Edit: grammar.
30 year old men everywhere are very excited
This is amazing.
@1:43 = /r/Halo. The sub is toxic af
Ok, NOW do one on Mohammed.... oh...RIIGHT.... 😨 🍗.
anyone else notice the uncensored plane vag?
Where reach tho…
Off Camera: Chief falls for temptation immediately after and adds awful monetization, removes all game modes, removes launch co-op, removes launch forge, ruins theatre, and turns server de-sync up to 11.
Okay, but hear me out... Battlepass. Why?
Nice
Hey I’m a 30 year old man!  I still got about 2.5 years!
2:04 You guys forgot to censor the lower parts too.... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
While there are no historical texts as to what happened to Halo infinite's life cycle after the Forge update, it was said by many that on the 6th week of the 3th month that everything marine and ODST related in the cosmetic store was made free after news of a firefight game mode was told to many by the mountain of dew priests of Halo 3: ODST
Big south park vibes at the beginning. Mwah
I was hoping for an episode where master cheif is in rehab and recovering well, while cod and battlefield are out of their mind, it could've also included bungie on the streets. But this is still an amazing video otherwise.
I am 32 and yes, I am excited
There on sand trap
man the theme coming in at 1:38 feels so satisfying
Halo infinite doesn't need a Battle Royale
so who would be the two thieves next to him? who willingly became a br or "sold out"? that would be the 1st one that tries to coerce jesus to escaping with both of them since he was the son of God.
I dropped my rum laughing at “343 RAPED ME!!”
Very nice. Loved it. 😍
I will still remember this as "The Passion of the Chief"
Hahaha wow
Halo infinite died for our sins
Where’s odst
DO more.....
Passion of the chief was better
The strange accuracy that this has to the Bible has me in literal tears
Ironically, it is kinda refreshing to start matches without loadouts
You left out the part where 4/5 tempts him with microtransactions, and Infinite is like, "What do you mean, tempt me?  I already built the whole multiplayer around them, I fucking love those things."  Then Halo 2 groans "Damnit, he's too far gone," and loads his shotgun.
Easter during Christmas season?  Oh my....
i wish i could see the dislikes to see how many people are cod zoomers but i guess ill never know
Yeah ngl people are just bitching over impatience Speaking of bitchin, new halo is great
SHOW US ON THE DOLL WHERE HALO TOUCHED YOU
Can we just talk about how appropriately GODLY the voice of Halo 3 Chief is?
I will say I like halo 4 and fives mjolnir armor more, I just think it’s.more detailed as infinite’s has its design based off the old original Xbox’s halo design and just looks too toyish in my opinion.
I think you might’ve forgotten to censor something on that… plane, at the end of the video. Just sayin’.
Honestly seeing the other halos as saint hit me harder than I thought it would lmao.
This is brilliant
Why did the name changes from passion of the chief
One of the most iconic maps of Halo 3 too
You must Simp-ly pass...
MeatCanyon is a little too much on the humor richness scale for me :/
That GGEZ had me :D
😆 That was amazing
I mean, they're not wrong.
Awful 😞
i want colors
This is good.
Dame I'm 27 and it does not seem that long ago that I was unwrapping this game on the Christmas of 2001.. man time Flys
Halo infinites necklace glows after being told that he passed the tests 1:33
10⭐ video.
Bitch I'm 21 and I played Halo CE hated the flood cus of the boom-nut sacks
Halo infinite is the false videogame messiah
Wat about reach?
the best
Okay, but you and me both know that Battle Royale mode is absolutely inevitable.
He suffers from one sin… no free cosmetics
You forgot to censor the bottom for that plane 💀
Halo 4 wasn't that bad
“Bring back playlist!” lmao
i noticed that flashgits is the only part of the cream crew that advertise it , meatcanyon never brings it up
not meatcanyon, sometimes i do get them mixed up
Halo Infinite died for our gaming sins! 😭
I’d say something about Halo 4 but being that bad but I don’t want the 30 years old men to blast me for being right.
100% spot on
Literal representation of the community smh sad
2:03 the top is censored but not the bottom....
I like halo 4
G G E Z
Amazing animation and I love the biblical reference
Not a single dislike! flashgitz knows the way!
That was… dark and amazing?
Its beautiful
As a 30(ish) year old man, I am very happy with Halo infinite
This animation is very biblical of you
the biblical accuracy is insane
Halo 4 wasn't bad it was hated because it was first halo without Bungie
and now halo knows how Yashua felt. amen
I mean I have my issues with infinite, but I'm all in all excited and content with it
Is it sad that I'm excited and will be 30 in less than a month?
Lol it got renamed fast
I’m just miffed about the progression system, gameplay however is excellent. Good enough that I don’t even care about customization, just like the good old days of Halo 2 and 3.
Bow down to the zoomers and become a battle Royale game.
Real man cries with video like this
#fuck343 they teabagged halo infinite into the gutter.
Im not necessarily annoyed by aim assist, im annoyed that controller aim assist on pc is practically aim bots and it makes a lot of my fellow pc players act like cunts and use a controller because they have garbage aim lol
Feels a bit blasphemous to me.
Lmfao this is gold
Were halo odst
1:44 I love it how the sign on the cross says "gg Ez"
As a 30 year old man, I'm ok with this.
Wait why did they change the title of the video?
I couldn't tell if the one on the cross was 4 or 5.both had it coming
I'm 14 and im still crying of happiness
“Forgive them 343i for they do not know the greatness that shall come before them”
Why you change the name, the other one was more funny.
25 yo males are also pleased
Corrrtannnnaaaaaaa!!!!
Idk why, but when he fell into the arms of the other 3, I cried a few tears of joy 🥲
Reach to thus day is still my favorite
And just like Jesus this game shall be remembered forever and be the heralded of a new era.
Jesus' fasting and Satan's temptations and the crucifixion but in halo version
Matthew 4:1-11 is the sauce.
Why is it so damn trueeee People complaint about micro transactions Don’t seem to understand how great the game is with other current games like CODs recent three games
I've watched this like 20 times today
Damn nearly cried when halo 3 spoke
Some one read the Bible, I like what you did there
Right out of the Bible
I keep going back to 1:07 I just can’t get my eye of man
"Simp...ly"
Hopefully infinite will be the first 343 Halo to live up to the trinity. And reach. Reach was great.
He died for our sins
I AM FLASHGITZ GREEDY LITTLE PIG MAN YES OINK OINK
I appreciate that this sticks to the material very well! The stones, the jumping, and then the offering of the whole world. It’s great
2:04 they failed to censor the ham sandwich. LOL
I want a prequel of this
All I can say is "Wooooahohwoaaah oh ohhhh"
Magnificent
Is it just me or does that halo infinite master chief sounds like gaming lemon for a sec
Gotta make a follow up cartoon we’re chief is reborn when the campaign drops
As a over 30 yo man, i cried after my first triple kill and the look of my positive K/D ratio.
South park looks different here
Yooooo what lol
I just like halo in general man
Beautiful
Why the thumbnail and title change?
Love how a scene from the literal Bible is here
this was actually amazing
Glad you lampooned the whiny entitled fans who are mad that a free-to-play game has priced cosmetics as if that's the fun part of the game.
@Flashgits you got to  censor that image at the end more , you've got to sensor part of it between the legs YouTube's going to kill you if you don't I got you bro
LMFAO This exemplifies the Halo community completely!!!
I lost my shit at the fart sound of the pathetic jet pack & then again as he flew off into the out of bounds zone. I was deceased 😭💀
It's like... so close to perfect.....
I don't know why but the part when the halo 4/5 hand shakes and makes a snake rattle sound makes me laugh
Can we all agree that the AI are the best part of infinite?
Wasn't this named Passion of the Chief earlier? Was a pretty good name IMHO.
Yeah, screw you doctor disrespect, Halo is Halo
Holy shit! Im 30....
Pretty sure I could see that jet planes snizz
We do need a discussion for why the female Spartans only get a voice instead of body type like seriously man lol
Accepting 343 in your heart is considered blasphemy.  REPENT SINNERS!!!
Him: "You must simply bow before the zoomers, and become a battle royale game!" Me: "Never!!!"
2:03 "I found it, im the greatest detective" ~C.H Batman
But what of the bloody store
6 years and $1 billion later, and we have...... a game... i guess. We will see if it gets Anthem'd. LOL
Hell…once again hell spires us weird-folk  It’s not about the zoomers…it’s our time…voidfolk shall rise
Only cool people remember when the video was titled “The Passion of Chief”
God dam these foos are genius 😂
Anyone bitching at this game is smoking good shit, everyone so impatient on a beta like god damn
This awesomely a 30 year old male I have tears in my eyes right now.
It's more subtle than Zack Snyder at least.
Reeee
1:00 Wait isn't that for Twitch?
Ima be honest the challenge system sucks and the grenade spam is ridiculous.
23 year old man here and im happy with this halo
Remember, Master Chief died for your sins.
Funny
We are quite high. I mean happy 🌐
3 more days
I thought halo 4 was good except loadouts
It’s funny tho cause halo 4/5 didn’t even have emotes or a battle royale
Thank you
They have reawakened the 360 generation of trash talk...
Infinite is kinda shit
I've done it I've found the fabiled clitorus. 2:04
r/halo moment
I just realized I am as old as halo now...
Awe damn yall changed the thumbnail and title ☹️ passion of the chief was 👌🏽👌🏽😂.
Infinite is currently the best game. It should stay like that forever.
"I am the monument to all your sins"
Now we all must sing in a Halo choir, and chant our holy song to ressurect Halo once more.
Damn I don’t even like halo and I thought this was the weakest video of your yet.
Also love the fusion coil throwing reference
dont worry infinite. im still proud of you
Ugh, thank you. I've had enough of these zoomers and their battle royales.
10/10 content as always
So incredibly accurate. Keep up the amazing work please!
Jeeeeeeeeeeeeez. That was pretty accurate
0:25 exactly my thoughts
STAND STRONG HALO!
The bible of Halo
am still exited for halo 6
I just noticed that Infinite's medallion was glowing when he was with the Higher 3. Nice details
I recognize the original bible story
What’s wrong with halo 5
Have fun with no slayer, no free customization, and spending 3 hours grinding oddball in hopes that you can get a CTF game for your weekly.
The devil definitely won off screen. Can’t wait to buy the color black for 10$!
Kitty Ears.
Ahh halo infinite, or better known as the true halo 4, praise be to the master chief, and the noble 6 who came before
Nice Jesus in the desert reference
This is what actually happened
the messiah!
Wait, was that halo infinite on the cross?
Mmmkay lol he sounds like the south park guy mmmkay
Perfect kkkkkk
I actually liked halo 4 halo it
This is one of the very best you’ve made, love you guyssss
Oh no. I know the state of Halo Infinite is bad when Flashgitz is making a video about it lol!
In 3 months, he will rise again…
Get behind me, Satan
Lets hope infinite doesn't get crucified by the gen-z mob
Reminder that a lot of the criticisms around Halo Infinite are legitimate gripes about things that were objectively better in previous Halo games, it's just certain toxic people that caused the subreddit to get temp-locked and that give media outlets (or comments sections) ammunition to blanket the whole community as toxic and entitled. We should absolutely keep up the pressure on issues like the lack of playlists and the customization and progression systems, but we should _not_ be harassing people or sending death threats.
Bruh man's even had the trinity 🤣🤣🤣 1:30
But they did it over price skins
343 doesn't let you set TBAG as your tag and thats not right
You uh, ya didn't censor the planes clitoris there.... ya
Yes
Some think Halo 5 should have been the devil but the truth is.....It's too retarded for that role....
I wonder who are Halo 3: ODST, Reach, and both of the Halo Wars games
Halo Reddit summed up in one video.
This was a different title and thumbnail.
Well it seems surreal to me I hope that the YouTube nuns as well as the crystal generation do not start whining
nice bible callback
I’m a 30 year old man and I fully agree
Yall funny lil boiz made me smile, many thanks
It is written: One does not live on emotes alone, but on every word that comes forth from the mouth of God.
Me, an actual 30 year old: *cries in Bungie*
That progression system certainly ain't saintly. Good game though.
Thank you for this, my face hurts from laughing
"All you must do is become a battle royale game." "Begone Doctor Disrespect, er I mean Satan!"
They're on Sandtrap EEEE! :DD
Uhhh. Missed "something" on that censoring.
https://youtu.be/v9nqTrqmDCs
First time I didn’t like ur content in all these years. Sorry guys.
Flashgitz + Christianity = Heaven on Earth
And Gamers rejoiced. "Chief, will you lead us to salvation?" And Halo Infinite replied; *"That'll be 8.99 for the color Blue, but only on the Hindu salvation set."*
The boobiest of streamers killed me 😂
Halo 1,2,3 holding infinite got me good
That ending were actual comments on r/halo
sad thing is theirs rumor to be a battle royal mode coming in S2 or S3....
We will see if it is good enough the multi-player is kinda dogshit since I'm forced to use the br but the campaign maybe
Never thought I would see a biblical recreation with Master Chief in it. I am glad I did.
You did good
Is h2O,s girlfriend In here
did u have to change the name because of YT from passion of the chief
1:44 time for my favorite quote: "killed by my own men" "Jesus calm down" "NO, it's payback time" turns into Adolf
I always thought Halo: Infinite and 343  Industries were dying on the cross for people like me who partially grew up on Halo. I appreciate the hell outta them for it. Glad Flashgitz had the same idea.
Infinite is a Garbage game… Halo Reach is a decade old and will always be better…
The jetpack gets me every time
Great vid, but why the title change? Passion of the Halo was gold
That was incredibly poetic
As a 30 year old man, I approve of this message.
Apparently they didn't realize Chief got tempted by battle passes and money.
Never fails to accurately depict Halo
lo cruzificaron como al Storm
I’m crying 😭 this was so good and enjoyed it so much… what if I didn’t click this video on my recommendations :( wouldn’t want to have missed this
1:35 I think Reach deserved a spot among the older top notch halo games.
I don't think anyone who praises 3,2,1 would think so highly of Infinite. Movement is drastically different, guns are mechanically awful, SBMM, CoD maps and feel, unimproved netcode since the original XBox. Game is Eh at best. I guess that's the standard nowadays tho.
Idc what anyone says, even with it’s early game faults infinite is easily the best FPS  to come out in a while. Certainly better than fucking vanguard and 2042
For the law was given by Bungie, but grace and truth came by Infinite.
lol. Halo is so pretentious.
I literally chortled.
Lol temptations of Christ as Halo Awesome
I like how the map is Sand Trap. Probably the closest thing to the wilderness Jesus was in ngl.
1:34 I damn near died when I heard this.
This is such funny references, dude! I’m in Hysterics right now
Does Flashgitz make porn? Because I think I'd be all about that.
Nothing about the shitty exp system and microtransactions?
bruh did you just gave the "artist" more fuel to their flames
us 30 year olds was filled with joy
Savage! But sadly so true 😂
But we just want to be happy...
OMG Chief 1, 2 & 3..... truly they were the last pure Halos. At least Infinite exists, I'm still haunted by the surprise release of Apex Legends and the confirmation that I would be standing by for Titanfall 3...forever.... *sigh* I know Zoomers are inheriting a doomed world but why do they want to ruin videos so badly? It's like they're dedicated to making it certain that everything in the future turns into a sad facsimile of its former self...just because it's popular to contribute to the downfall of humanity's final refuge aka the digital world.
The Multiplayer is free. I'd have never thought 343 would have given us this for free, sure, it's incomplete and can use fixes, but they have been behaving far better than ea and activision in this launch window.
1:28 I need a framed photo of this for above my fireplace. STAT!
Oney did it better. its funny to see the red and white title just like oneyng from way back. They use the same voices and really push the persona. its funny but its fake. make your own content
Incredible
Where's the part where he succumbs to the offering of a battle pass
WHERE MY RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS AD?!?!?!
How the fuck did you know I was 30
“BUNJI, Why hast thou forsaken me?”
This is blasphemy
Now, I love the some stuff Halo Infinite has gots but I won’t mind a BR. Mainly because it would be interesting.
for your information I am 18 and I am also very excited, maybe a little... to excited
I’m just so confused about this video
The epic bible references 😂😂😂
DEFINITELY enjoyed watching this one, HYPED for Halo Infinite!!!
I knew satan was a bloody skaven
While I kinda understand the h4/h5 meme but you do know that H5 had better play retention than even h2/h3 and reach?
i love the halo representation of halo 4 and 5
remember the days of old, where we fight(in game) to hav fun... remember the days of old, where t baggin is a fun gesture to gid gud... remember the days of old...
Only real og’s remember the original title
Repurposing a bible story for this is super clever
30 year old men everywhere are happy😂
Okay hear me out, Halo subreddit got locked, today the 5th of December, the month of Christmas, Christmas is connected to Christianity, Halo Infinite campaign releases on the 8th, 3 days from now, Jesus rose on the 3rd day
Damn can I get the soundtrack?
Give it a year and i bet infinite will have dance emotes or a BR
Yum
sooooooooooooo accurate!
I liked passion of the chief more...
How dare you put God to the test!
This is really good
We're still doing homophobic ""jokes"" in 2021? Cringe.
This is why i love the Bible
Meanwhile Rookie and Noble Six:(insert pic of two dudes chilling at the beach)
There needs to be a crusader on those twitch thots and their legion of simps
We can only wait for the second coming of Infinite.
2:05 No no no, you explain this.
This is hilarious
Halo 4 was awesome, the multiplayer was ok, it was reach’s multiplayer but worse, i would give the story a 9 and the multiplayer a 7
Halo Infinite truly is the game of a generation… 😔😔
It's weird how biblically accurate this is.
Wasn't this called Passion of the Chief a few hours ago? What happened
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited."  You bastards.
Dude I totally forgot about that stupid halo 5 trailer where chief wears a brown cloak in the desert for no damn reason until seeing this
I like how the pillars they are standing on are from sandtrap
Fcking gold
As a Christian who knows the Bible I can say that was funny haha haha  I see what they did there
Perfect timing as halo infinite is about to come out
"30 year old men..."  Stop that.
Halo reach tho?
Truly the folly of man is within only those who seek to judge
Odd bible reference that I dont see very often. Video is quite amusing
We saw the death. Shall we see the resurrection?
This video is top tier satire
“And become a battle Royale gameee”😹😹😹😹
That halo 4 running animation when the infinite chief throws the plasma canister is just mwa.
Here when it was called Satan Tempts Halo Infinite
Halo Infinite is disgusting man, I love the gameplay but the monitization is soooo gross.
Might want to add an extra censor bar over the vagina @ 2:04 lol X'D
That ending is a perfect representation of the Halo subreddit. The toxicity got so bad that the entire subreddit got locked down.
I thought Halo 4 was fun.
This is accurate on so many levels 😂
Not a fan of all this Halo 4 hate
A 21 Yr old woman here is very excited don't f it up
If Halo: Infinite is Halo "Jesus" in this universe, than the remaining "disciples" have scattered and are unaware of his prophecies of returning from the grave three days later and building a new kingdom in "heaven". But that a task remains to his "disciples", to spread the Gospel of Infinite, and share its glory to all, great and small, to a return to what Halo was MEANT to be, not what greed and "traditions" made by greedy individuals have made it to be...
I cant wait for this game
Wow. This was amazing.
God forbid that the community cares  that they don't want their franchise to be another greedy company that really don't care of its fan base. The ending is perfect,  bc people are fed up being nickle and dimmed
Legendary
I swear this was named, “Passion of the Chief”
😆
Passion of infinite I believe
I love that the desert is sandtrap. Nice touch
Bible story...?
You double censore the boobs on that aeromorph but not her privat parts?  Daddy Youtube not gonna like that.
Kanye: Infinite
20 year old men have also cried
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited." lmao God I hope so. I really hope r/halo isn't populated by adults. What a dumpster fire.
The sad part is Satan is only telling the truth and that bit about the battle royale hurt my soul. Gaming has gone to shit bar the once a year odd gem we get. Elden Ring is the only game I've been excited for in years.
W game
Remember trying to flip the elephants? Or trying to survive the out of bounds explosives?
Glory & pride
Lol
but guys guys if anyone were to do battle royale wouldnt halo be dope game to do it  ?
343 has never made a good halo. If it's decent then I'd be surprised. But I don't get the hype when halo has been dead since bungie left it.
microsoft should fire whoever is pricing these cosmetics
I'm ok with booby streamers...I don't need the boobiest!
Eh, Halo was never that great. It's a dumbed down console FPS with boring ass art style.
The fact that i know this bible's story and all of the references just makes it funnier to me lmao
Why did they change the title and the thumbnail?
Hahaha 😂, cause that would be gay...makes me laugh every time. 😆
You missed the perfect opportunity to throw in battle pass progression with that ending. Hilarious as always tho.
Perfection
Hey I'm not 30 not for a few more years anyway
This animation was so good but, I do think the cosmetics are hella overpriced tbh in the game. Its litterally the one bad thing
I'm 30 next May. Pissed myself laughing.
I would legit sign up for a Patreon that offered the animated podcast
Oh my gosh! That escalated so fast 😂
I do not know how I feel about this.  The voice acting is funny, the writing is funny, but it takes a beautiful story and just about idolizes Spartan 17. As a believer in Jesus, its... yeah.. what I said.
Let it be remembered that this video use to be titled: "Passion of the Chief | Halo Infinite"
Campaign is coming Tuesday
Definitely aftermath once campaign launches I think they have done something intresting on a corporate stand point
AHAHAHAHHAH
I'm 28.... this video was made for my people around my generation lmao 🤣
As a 35 year old dude, I laughed so hard.
Just in time for them to pull everything from the battlepass and sell it to us piece by piece.
This should have been that demon guy tempting the Buddha with his dozens of virgin daughters.
Ok so I should punch the kid that watches fnaf songs that are cringe and than play halo reach and cry about the deaths
Use the dislike button just because it's still there
straight from the bible, I read it then and there
Very poignant. Very based.
Honestly a br would have been fun like a small scale one 20 player would be good it would be fun to play a new game mode
So you got this from the bible
They should've tempted him using cortana
U forgot halo 3 ODST lol
I’m shitting rn <3
Lol where's Reach
Infinite: "Did I pass the test?" Halo 1-5: "Bro you literally don't even have the most basic social Slayer playlist, you never even started the test. How could you possibly F up this badly?"
0:23 omg i laughed way to much
The Last Temptation of Infinite
im just laughing at the bible reference of the 3 temptations with a video of master chief through the temptation
Everything is on point lmao
Halo Reddit is locked due to toxicity and Flashgitz releases a Halo animation... Perfection.
I mean, i get the game has some problems and they might not be adressed as quickly as people like, but they will be working on fixing those issues, we just need to be patient. The way i see it, halo has nowhere to go but up from here.
Bro this was the Funniest one yet
did they actually read the bible to make this animation
I have come only unto the lost gamers of xbox.
The part where halo 1-3 are holding infinite telling him he did good had me rolling, I want another
The ending is correct cause no one can ever be happy.
Wtf bro spitfire porn? That’s a thing!?
I wish Halo 4 was an alcoholic loser and halo 5 was an half formed fetus like in halo party. Those are the best halo flashgitz characters
Dislike
satan tempted him with what was already his.
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                      /.,/.,./,./,                             ./,/.                ,./,              ,/.,/ ,/.
As a 30 yr old man myself i respect,kinda felt offended a bit the Jesus comparrison,but I leave the judging to The Big guy upstairs,all in all nice video.
Can’t wait to see all the halo quotes in the comment section.
Truly what I needed to laugh at the Battle Royale smooth brains.
just saying but christ died when he was 33 sooo this happened when he was also in his 30's zoomers suck damn kids get off my lawn!
aaaah. Amazing as usual
aghhhhh yeeeeees Tiddys **bites lip**
This video was unexpected
I see that the gen z have become Romans... May God help us
…this was beautiful
Sandtrap truly was the best map.
I was kind of hoping to get the background music for the video. The cover is good.
Literal perfection.
I got a battlefield 2042 ad
You got it wrong, zoomers aren't obsessed with battle royales. Battle royales are obsessed with zoomers
Love it. "Aim assist sucks" it really does not but pc players just get but hurt ez.
Glorious.
Halo? Pure!? Pah in some alternate universe maybe
plane-gina
I absolutely love that this skits setting was sand trap from halo 3. Fucking love that map
Title and thumbnail change since upload?
This hell funny
You can actually see the pissy for the plain 2:04
This used to be called “passion of the chief”
Bro the ending had my dieing on the bus lol the driver told me I was too loud lol
Hey I’m a 20 year old man
Infinite is such a crazy flop
I laughed so hard but i'm also sad ;( Stop playing with feelings of 30 yeard old man, Flashgitz!
Only ogs remember the original title
He truly suffered for our sins
Honestly despite my most played halo being 4 because my age at the time, I see and understand that it should be more of an arena style game and not CoD in Space (don't even say Infinite warfare.) Personally I preferred the CoD style cause it let my dog shit ass win, but I respect the arena style. In this animation, I'm a respectful atheist, and choose to let other believe. Forgive me Infinite, for I have sinned.
Excuse me, Im 28! lol
What is your interpretation of Halo Wars 1/2?
"The boobiest of streamers" 😂
Perfection
Im genuinely curious about what halo wars (1/2) and halo reach would be in this universe
spot on
was expecting the last temptation to be money through microtranactions and they fall head first into it
This is Blashphemy
If the originals are archangels im assuming reach is god in this scenario.
As a Christian and a halo fan even I found this well made and hilarious
The only good thing about halo 5 was the thiccc female Spartans
Hey look, John 1:17 .....Very enjoyable and just in time for the Christ's Mass. LOL. But as the Man said, "when He said, John, go and do My will"-thank you Mr. Cash.
Halo infinite is almost as janky as cyberpunk and has like 1/4 of the content it should. 10/10
I think you forgot about the shop. $10 for a gun skin.
Reach was the best.
Halo 4/5 Satan giggling in the out of bounds zone made my afternoon.
As a non-30 year old man, I still cried on the inside, but not on the outside (because I’m not a little whiny bitch like the rest of my generation or the millennials). This game’s gonna be great methinks :)
The fact that the only complaint about the game is that the cosmetic system is pretty stuffed really says a lot about how well of a job 343 did
Did you guys just do a giant parody of Mormon ads?
2:03 isn't fully censored you dorks.
Hopefully 343 fixes progression/micro transactions to be less shitty.
Aim assist is fucked😂 my old thumbs need the help
They probably will be a battle Royale sadly lol
“30 year old men are excited” wow 😂
Something I never thought I would say, but this feels a little empty without the Raid Shadow Legends ad.       Forgive me Chief, for I have sinned
Dislike button here
Ah, yes, the mandatory title change and thumbnail swap YouTube is forcing on folks now. Sorry to learn about that.  Wonderful video, hilarious as always
More like 40 year old men.....
The necklace was a nice touch
Well I'm 10 years younger than 30.... but I still cried tears of joy  do i count? 😂
halo about to be relievant again. we are leaving in the best timeline.
Did y’all just changed the thumbnail
Thank you for releasing this on my birthday. It’s a great present.
The South Park influence is strong in this one.
Soon Halo Infinite shall descend from the heavens with a holy retribution against those who spoke against it...
Halo Reach with loadout *Not here because they are still in Reach where they belong*
zoomers ruining classics and reality, stay strong MC
2:04 When your an aircraft enthusiast and pause the vid to try and figure out what plane it’s based of instead of the tits but your friends in the room just stare at you confused and grossed out.
343 RAPED ME!!!! *crying* lmao
Virgin halo 4/5  Chad Halo 1,2,3,ODST,reach
I make my Demons stay in Halo public lobbies if I want to torture them...
I was thinking about when Flashgitz would make a Halo video for Infinite yesterday, I find it in my recommended today xD
kinda cried at the end, ngl, poor halo
Gotta say, never once in my life would've compared Halo to Christ in such a way, but it really works.
Holy cow. I’m genuinely impressed and that doesn’t happen often. 👍🏻
Love your contents. Great video
The person who made this has a ton Christian knowledge 😂
chief is king praecipuus remissionis peccatorum nostorum contra infinitum summus rex
Passion of the Chief.
the MP free to play on steam doesnt work for me... so i cannot enjoy Gods glory...
2:05 don’t look to close on the bottom.
Chads remember when this was called the passion of the chief
The parallel at the end is crazy. Halo infinite was crucified by its fans. Just like now how fans are starting to boycott after all the constructive criticism and death threats. Halo infinite needs to be crucified to truly save us all.
I lost it when the satanic chief said battleroyale because i know who they referenced with
Wby did you change the title?
1:45 “if they came to hear me beg, they will be disappointed”
Genius
Usare 1:40 como fondo de pantalla
"You did. 30 year old men everywhere are excited." Oddly specific. That would insinituate dawn era 90s kids but I noticed it's mostly 80s kids that like all things Halo.  Also. The battle royale joke. I get it. Much as I'm a fan of final fantasy, 7 specifically. I'm having a hard time enjoying their own version of battle royale.
And then came Free to Play, the snake who ruined the fucking game
Halo infinite died for our sins
I reference HALO in my new song.
I honestly don’t know why people are angry! The only thing I ever had an issue with was the battle pass for God’s sake! Be happy ya greedy lil shits!
flashgits be funny challenge(impossible)
Passion of the Chief was a better name
2:01 YOU FORGOT TO CENSOR THE HENTAI VAGINA. TAKE THE VIDEO DOWN QUICK BEFORE IT GETS YOU A STRIKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Iam already spending money 💰
Really the only problem I have with Infinite’s gameplay is the XP. Granted I get that most the XP gain is through challenges, but I mean… how stupid is it that I can get an Overkill and Killing Frenzy in one game, but because I didn’t complete any challenges all I get outta the game is 50XP??? Bruh that’s bullshit.
Yes 30 year old men all over are so happy you did good rest rest
Ignores the $20 cosmetics
"Johnson, why have you forsaken me?"
Very biblically accurate 👍👉👉
They are eventually adding a br lol
Oh my god I’m actually almost 30.  Fuck
You guys are the best.
All infinite needs now is the spartan laser and the fuel rod cannon
This animation has no flaws.
I honestly saw a YouTube video where someone was actually saying that Halo infinites problem is that it doesn't have a battle royale like he was dead serious no sarcasm
Why was I even subscribed to this channel
I love the halo Reddit cameo.
Imagine donating all of your life savings to Amouranth
I could've sworn the title of this was Passion of the Chief earlier, what happened?
This is blasphemy...
I needed that laugh. Lol All the outrage is definitely warranted tho.  Halo infinite is fun yeah but the player expression that we used to have in previous Halo’s is now locked behind a pay wall to where its basically not even fun to play it tbh. Not to mention that progression is such a joke. There’s basically no content and no co-op. Different strokes for different folks but its sound like they shat in a basket and handed it too us and covered it in Halo 3 aesthetics for nostalgia hypnosis.  Lol Ill watch the gameplay on youtube tho. Yall have fun
I literally just turned 30 this year. Damn
The halo halos! Oh god I loved this!
Satan got them with the microtransactions
1:17 Tom's Evil laugh is classic Disney villain levels of good.
You do understand that you could make a living out animating porn right?
That would be.......gay! Best line ever.
Battlepass...
I’m 23 not 30 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩 but I laughed not going to lie 🤣
Hate people who complain about controllers getting A small aim assist when it’s basic knowledge that a mouse gives you insanely more precision and you have a way bigger field of play with a mouse than a thumb stick.
Are you guys Jewish?
Ya'll should make a movie for real
Facts
WOW!
The ending made me want to cry honestly no lie how people are bitter now for the sacrifices others make for them -some Christian guy
Where's the DMR?
Lol
Daaaaaaaaamn honestly tho 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bro this was absolutely hilarious
Ironically he succeeded…. $20 an armor set and $8 for the color blue….
Was...that...was that an anthropomorphic plane?
"You look hungry for relevance."  That may well be the most brilliant opening line I've ever heard.
"343 Raped me!" - everyone in r/halo
"343 r@pe meee!" That's a crazy accusation
Insert witty comment here.
27 years old man here, and quite happy
Neat
I LOVE IT- the entire bible in a nutshell, but with the Halo theme
Ahhh Flashgitz... You never seem to disappoint. 😂
PRAISE THE ETERNAL INFINITE!!!
If he was killed here, then he will come back even more powerful
Fuck bro that was solid as hell.
Wait! I am 30 year old, and i am excited! How did you know???
I’m not 30 but I’ll be sad if halo goes in that direction
This man really did a bible reference
problem here is u must have gone to sunday church school to 100% appreciate this lmao
Sadly this game will never be up to par with the original trilogy, and it's actually worse than Halo 5 lol. Funny skit but, could have at least been truthul.
Honestly I just miss the customization of characters but everything else is great
May the original title rest. (Passion of the Chief | Halo Infinite)      This was also really great.
As someone who comes from a very Christian family who also grew up playing Halo, this slaps. Truly, it does.
Yes halo infinite is pear it is glorious
The ending had me dead
Not sure if us 30 year old men Are exactly happy about this. Gotta make a second one where he ends up taking all the riches.
BRILLIANT
My daughter laughed said hah! That's you dad
That guy got raped by 343, holy shit. You think all 750 employees took turns, or did they all go in at once?
Why is it okay to mock Christianity but all other religions are off limits due to it being racist/offensive?
1:35 Ignoring the comedy of the scene itself. That music is fucking nostalgic and majestic!
Halo 5 doesn't have jetpacks.
Ah, really sold it with the plane boobies
Peoples complaints about this game are very valid. Slayer is a staple to all halo games and microtransactions should not be implemented in such a predatory manner.
I am 30 year old men
Halo 4 did suck
i agree with Nicholas Eickman
Because that would be   *gay*
"30 yr old men everywhere are excited"  Aye wtf I'm only 25 lol
This is funny.
Praise be to the rings
Oh wow that ending roflmao
You might want to do a 2nd pass at the censorship for the plane.
Like angels on high, flashgitz drops the gold from animation nirvana to us unworthies, bless them! (I would have fallen for streamer tiddies)
Facts in the Art.. 👍🎮🙏
Did you turn JW propaganda into a funny animated short?
Proud of you halo me has a 30 year old man
nice bible references lmao
Bungie! Why have you forsaken me!
I am pleased that you mock Jesus and not the true prophet Mohammed as that would be haram
As a 30 yr old man, I completely agree that Halo Infinite is truly great and doesn’t need all the nonsense that so many games have nowadays. Also CRUSADE!!!!!!
All I want is no battle pass
Epic
Hey halo 4 and 5 had some fun multiplayer
Well I'm 28, but I am very excited.
I really love how you keep the "gay" jokes even today. I feel like im in 2012 again. Thanks for the fashbacks, flashgitz.
I really like infinite
Honestly. This was so accurate.
Halo Infinite failed to resist one last temptation: becoming a free to play game and gutting customization so they can sell it back to us through mtx.
holy shit this is literally a new testament bible moment
I liked halo 4 and 5  it doesn't matter to me what game I play has long has I have fun  that's why I played adventure for several hours striated
Wheres the "Progression sucks!" or "Remove Aim Assist!" That was in fact the most complained feature lol
This is amazing
battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee, battle rifle, nade, melee,   THE PINNACLE OF FPS GAMEPLAY AUEHAUEHAUEHAUEHEAUEHAE
On God this is so fucking funny. Jesus Christ would love this 😀
Halo 5 sucks sure. But halo 4 was good. The campain was fresh for the time, the multiplayer was a little bad though.
I’m 23 and grew up on halo 3 tho lol
I know Infinite has issues, but I love it all the same. They've shown they're listening to the community already on multiplayer, and I cant wait for the campaign.
I am taken aback, as I am religious and this almost...ALMOST bordered on blasphemy!   WTF, Who am I kidding? That was good...but I hope that no one conflates this with the biblical teachings. Religious nuts will screech like harpies...fair warning!
Merry Christmas guys, great video🙂👍🎅🎄
2:03 WHY IS THAT A THING
That Battle Royal comment was more offensive than you parodying my faith. Why stoop so low?
Can confirm, 30 year old men are excited everywhere!
Can confirm that 30 year old men everywhere are STOKED.
We all cried tears of joy when they made the game normal again
The Halo community really do be like that lol
I felt this on a spiritual and nostalgic level
Wait... was that actually Downes?
Split Gate slaughters master chief   Do it.
(Sheds a tear) "I'm not crying- (sniff) it's just so good to be back at home..." 1:26
predatory microtransactions ruin infinite
Halo Infinite is superb.
Please, now one about _Muhammad!_ 🤡
You forgot to censor the plane's vagina.
Only OG's remember "Passion of the Chief"
Don't worry Hunger Games will always somehow persist in Custom Games
Passion of the chief
But then they added the battle pass
This is pretty accurate
I can confirm that I am one of the excited 30 year olds ;-;
I'm surprised you didn't bring up all the predatory microtransactions in this game.  It's not as pure as you made it out to be.
Damn.
“The boobiest of streamers.”
That 30 year old quip really hit home. Feelz bad man
*insert reverb fart sound effect here*
Finally, a video I can watch without giving google my passport.
I like how halo 4 isn’t there as a Halo elder implying he didn’t pass the test
I love the fact the colour blue is free in this game!
Yuo*
Halo isn't that good of a game.
2:03 Soap trusted you! And I thought I could too *loads gun*
But halo 5 had no load outs but halo 4 did. So lol pretty funny  Feel like no one that criticizes halo 5 having load outs didn’t play the game because it didn’t. Lol  Still love your videos lol
60 dlls that 343 will make a battle royale out of halo
300 reference was good
No but Fr tho It was good the first week then the problems became apparent by the second week🙃
This video is so accurate it isn't even funny. "Thirty year old men everywhere are very excited " lol
Minecraft or Skyrim are highly likely to be one of the games of the generation.
I hate zoomers with every fiber of my being
øl
First time playing a halo game was pretty gay
Absolutely beautiful
This gives off south park vibes pretty hard
30 year old men really crying over pixels in a game lol
1:30 almost shed a manly tear
Forgive the people chief many know not of what they speak they are weebs
whers ODST.......
They are the Trey Parker and Matt Stone of online animation
Why the title change tho??
Microsoft is owned by Satan but this is still excellent Also, related to the crucifixion bit, did you know the arms are actually unnaturally long when someone is crucified because all of their arm joints get dislocated while they're trying to pull themselves up to breathe?
Whoever voiced Chief fucking nailed it
Tears and shivers when he fell into the hands of the previous chiefs
1:47 Halo 4 should have been the penitent awful game  on the left of Halo infinite and halo 5 the non penitent on the right.   It would’ve really fitting.
This content has to stop, you guys are actually making me want to play halo infinite even though I don't got a Xbox or PC.
Massive cope
When I saw halo CE, 2 and 3 catch halo infinite i almost creamed my pants, is that gay?
"The passion of Chief" both the great title and thumbnail were taken away... Who's the evangelic sacrilegious Hell spawn responsible for it?!
The ending of this aged well. Speaking of which how’s the halo Reddit? Oh…. You don’t say
Love Flashgitz. This wasn't a favorite, though.
lmao
30 yr old men everywhere are happy hahaha
Another banger
to real, to soon, my poor heart
As a long time Halo fan and 33. I  APPROVE OF THIS MESSAGE!
poor chief
it wasnt halo that was tempted by satan. It was 343 with their microtransactions
Glorious. Simply glorious.
I really would not mind a battle royal in Halo as long as it does not change any balancing from the arena and such.. and I'm soon to be a 40 year old man :P FML.
where's reach
Their favorite videos to make are the ones without mouth flaps
As a Christian, this was hilarious and very entertaining. I hope other "Christians" wont report and flag this video for being offensive. 😂😂
they arnt wrong. Halo is absolutely the game I’ll always play.
Wasn't this the "Passion of the Chief"?
HAHA you forgot to censor the airplane's cunt!
This is exactly what is happening with Halo Infinite and it is portrayed so perfectly by you guys. It returns to the roots of the OG Halo games and the community is doxxing and sending death threats to each other. Great animation either way
This is beautiful
Flashgitz walked so MeatCanyon could run
I mean, the gameplay is good. The rest of it isnt. As a 21 year old, I saw Halo's fall, and it current quarter win against the evils of "modern gaming" I hope one day it fully triumphs
That ending was simply perfect.
Pure Gold
"what if its the best thing you ever saw"  mhmmm he could be right what if
Can’t wait for the campaign release in a few days
Not just the 30 year olds, but the 20s and 40s too.
Pretty much encapsulates the spirit of halo and its current community in 1 minute and 50 seconds.  Side note: Anyone else remember when we were appreciative of things for what they are, rather than wallow upon its flaws?
Lmao
A Monster Lab and a Flashgitz toon. In the same day. Thank the Christian gods.
omg this is soooooooo gooooooooooddddd
Why was this so biblical
Restore the thumbnail to it’s rightful glory
Gonk
*Based on a true story*
no, that would be..........gay LOL.
Whoah so edgy mannnnn 💩
This is an unrivalled Masterpiece!
I've never been turned on by a British spitfire... Until now
I LOVEEEEE the parody of Satan's Temptation. It's exactly how I imagined Mathew 4 went down
Sims 4
this is amazing that being said, infinite is horrible
You forgot to censor the clit of the plane girl haha
Making CE, 2, and 3 the Holy Trinity is just *Chef's Kiss*.
2:04, who wants to tell’m?
These jokes are going completely over my head since I only ever played 1 Halo game on a Xbox 30 (forgot which one)
The new halo is ass.
Instead of dance emotes we got White for 20$
Infinite is awesome, just like this animation.
Why the title change?
Easter on Christmas
Thank god im 27 lmao
Honestly though fuck 343
Man this is so poetically accurate it's sad.
They just need to get rid of micro transactions, and it will IMMEDITALEY be better, also fix the armor customization
I'm one of those happy 30 year old men. 👍🏼
Gamers today are extremely spoiled.
This is fucking GOLD! 😂
As a Halo veteran I can say that infinite will probably be better than last two games
It's in Beta and you don't have to buy the micro transactions. If you're playing Halo to get a new armor look, go play COD. I play for Back Smacks and T-Bags.
Yo was that RenTheDragon artwork?
I didn't play Halo 5 but I really enjoyed Halo 4 multiplayer with how competitive and engaging it was with custom loadouts and etc...
"Did I pass the test?" *Hah!* No.
HEY      I’m 23 not 30
Missed opportunity to have him crucified on a ring
Wow
Only the real ones know that this is from a bible
Why change the title?
This vid, like Halo Infinite, is amazing
Do a battlefield 2042 oh please
I love this video and the game
“You did, 30 year old men everywhere are very excited.” Joke’s on you, I’m actually 20 bitches!
2:04 Somebody forget about iron genitals (down) :3
"Passion of the Chief" lmao
Passion of the Chief haha oh wow
“If you jump out of bounds, legions of fanboys will catch you, lest your foot dash against a stone”
What about reach🥺  Edit: love y’all’s vids tho
Perfecrion
the millennial bible (specifically 30 year old men who love halo i guess based on the comments section)
Halo infinite is great
Would that be a bible reference?
This… Yes   Yes 😤
I liked the old title.
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited" "bow to the zoomers and become a br!" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
As a 30 year old I feel personally attacked
now THATS some Christian content.
Fucking on the nail guys.  Idk what the hell is wrong with these fuckwits, but halo fans are the biggest group of wingers I’ve ever seen!
Didn't Halo Infinite come with a lot of unneeded microtransaction system.
I honestly love this man's Halo stuff.
Why does the hench one sound like he's about t sell me some warpdust?
With a bad cod and battlefield game, halo should be flourishing. Except the battle pass system and lack of game modes/xp/progression has me stopped playing
What happened about halo 4 being always pissed? 😭
What if halo became a battle Royale game
Halo Infinite died, for our gamer sins.
😂😂😂😂😂
|тот же самый комент для поддержки канала |
Meat
Lmao right?
Halo Infinite is pure and good, do not sully it with dirty BR
multiplayer may have been to codish but halo 4 had a great campaign.
As a near 30 year old man, I can confirm, I am excited for Infinite’s campaign 😂
The use of sandtrap as the desert is great. Also all the gamers killing the game with their complaints is fucking true
I don’t think even Zoomers want every FPS to be a battle royale.
Having gone to a catholic highschool made this 1000x better
This is perfect for a Sunday
Wait so is this a good Halo?
Can't stop laughing
Epic!
Calling me out like that and I was still grinning like an idiot.  Well done, Flashgitz!
Blond Jesus Christ, eh?  😏
And in the ninth hour of the stream, Gamer cried out with a loud voice saying "My Chief, My Chief, why hast Thou forsaken Me?"
Too bad cosmetics are buyable but hey what'd ya expect when they made it free? Also ooof I'm not 30 yet
This is so spot on
Fuck Yes. Pure.
Excuse me, bitch, I’m thirty ONE.
Everything about this video is spiritual and beautiful!!!
so we just don't talk about halo 5? understandable, have a nice day.
Im 30 ish, and I am very damn excited.
Very good :)
I don’t play halo so I don’t really understand this at all
Amazing shit as always bruthoring
I dunno, dudes. Seems like more an Easter thing.
No i want drunk mc 😭😭
Ruka lico
Cheif died for our sins :(
Jjjjjhhhhh
2:04 uh forgot to censor her vag guys
Where is reach and odst when the trilogy holds infinite? Are they safe? Are they okay?
I'm 30 and that hit too close to home
Halo 5 has the best multiplayer
"We know that Chief, being raised from the dead, will never die again; death no longer has dominion over him". Spartans 6:9
Which Halo s Satan supposed to be? 4 or 5?...
"343 raped me!" Hashtag Me Too.
Sharing disdain for broken battlepass and expensive as hell micro transactions is fine, but also giving the devs death threats and being a cancerous little tumor for no reason helps no one and accomplishes nothing, your not Antifa (or who knows you could be) you dont solve problems by making them and then complain when their fixed or continue to bitch about them not being fixed yet when A, the games multiplayer is free, and B. They are constantly listening to player feedback, they dont need whiney little shits polluting the game because its "not call of duty" or "its not like fortnite and doesn't have a battle royal" etc. etc.
Holy shit, I just went over this passage today at church.
Halo was "baby's first FPS" but now all the babies are fat hairy old men. I'm gonna go play Doom 2.
OH my god. yall made a parody of the bible where jesus talks to satan and parodied halo. Yall are a riot....a running riot.
And they Shut down the sub reddit?!    In three days it'll rise again once campaign is released
I like how the angels had    halo's.
I'm proud of you Mr Halo
Nice
Is having a battle pass not one of the temptations? :o
The cartoon was... OK.
halo 2 chief looks more like halo 3 chief to me lol
My biggest qualm with modern Halo is the fact that they keep removing the ability to earn armors in favor of paying for them which I absolutely despise.
When it comes to summing up gamer/fan culture these guys always nail it perfectly.
Well, the message of this video is a bullshit.
2:04 ...my God....just detonate the sun now
Halo needs a BR
Best early Christmas present ever XD
I'm 20 and I've very excited to play halo infinite campaign
An interestin parallel.
What about Halo Reach?
They nailed MOST of the gameplay and style, but other than that, it's a f2p piece of shit.
Halo 4/5: you must become a battle royale game  Halo infinite: get out of here Satan
Not only 30 year old men..
Halo is a simpler game for a more elegant generation
I am Christian and attend church every Sunday. But I am also a huge Halo fan as well. This was hilarious 😆 Great video
I fkn love these guys and their halo content
And it was prophesied that in three days, he would rise from the dead and crush the Zoomers beneath his feet
First off fuck yall I'm 30 and I'm excited. Yall got luck with that joke lmao
That ending sums up why I left my friends group because they wouldn’t stop bitching about all the shit 343 is doing to “ruin” the game.
Its not that bad tbh
Ah yess, uploaded on the Day of Rest I see
Erm good
30yr olds! I'm 41.
LMAO. The ending was gold. Speacilly when r/halo closed comments for all the toxicity.
This cartoon was on point. 🖕Halo infinite
8
Ngl I like the way the halo theme sound in that moment and it sounded cool
As someone who pays taxes, I'm tired of battle royale games.
Does this imply that there will be a Halo Infinite Easter?
Oh thank you 343 for not including dance emotes in your game where everyone looks the same because you charge $20 for the armor color white.
Isn't that shitty jetpack from Reach?
This fits a little too well
The fact that this is almost a perfect mirror to the actual story of Satan's temptation of Jesus is quite impressive.
Bring Jeff and Gary the elites back. Life isn't worth living without them.   :(
rip Jehova witnesses
Humans gonna Human lol.
As a christian gamer, this is beautiful
yes
"But this was just the first test of many..." Halo Infinite- "Oh shit!!--"
Mel Gibson would be Proud
The micro transactions are p gay tho :(
I love you guys, thanks for making my start to the week so epic
Dont get it twisted, infinite should have not passed this test yet ... marketing lies, customization, UI, progression system, store pricing and lack of simple playlists and gamemodes made the fans angry .
30 year old men are crying everywhere. YES BUT I'M NOT 30 I'M 22
Aim assist does suck
Halo has no battle royale Halo needs no battle royale
"343 RAPED ME !" fuckin died
This will be my chrismas tradition now.
Omg so funny!!!🖤💚🖤💚🖤💚🖤💓💛🧡🧡💛💓💓💛🧡💞💖💘💙💜💗💝
Yeah, this is very true
You're doing the lords work
Halo Infinite our lord and savior
Blasphemy= dislikes, unsubbed. See ya all never.
of course 30 year old men everywhere are excided
And so they hated Halo Infinite, for it spoke the truth.
I am still waiting the next furry apocalipse XD
their Halos should have been halo rings.
Fuck 343 and their terrible BP system’ micro transactions, and total lack of basic MP game modes
Nice
Love these cartoons and infinite. Infinite is the most fun ive had on halo since halo 3 and reach.
343 raped me🤣
This is fucking fantastic🤣🤣🤣
The numbered haloes matching their medallions was genius.
You did good halo infinite, but your dad is being a nerd.
just why tho—the gameplay is SO GOOD. i couldn’t care less abt the monetization but like j let ppl play what mode they want and have custom games work come on yo
Where’s reach? 🐐
i wish we saw a little bit of the drunk halo 4 chief but this is great animation nonetheless
i love the bible story parody
Battle pass sucks ass though
Glad this channel isn't afraid to call out the gaming community for what it is
SPOT ON, but my ending has world peace in it.
We have many br games lets not make a other one
He jetpacks like a drunk ladybug
It is a free, AAA game that is balanced. People seems to forget about that.
4 wasnt so bad. 5 was blasphemous filth.
1:33 please make a full version of the theme, pretty please?.
halo is a non tactical shooter yet also very low skill required for shooting and movement. i know that it was ahead of its time but its currently just bad
I'm 39 and having a blast playing Halo Infinite, it was made for me, I'm too stoned on homegrown to aim myself :)
Finally! Yay!
"30 year old men are excited" I resemble that remark
The line You guy's & Master Chief crucified on a cross. I think the original line was crossed when one black eyed Peach said "he takes everything too serious"
haven’t seen a single comment about the “GG EZ” on the cross lmao
god damn , this is too good
Not just 30 year old men but a bunch of high schoolers who played when 3 was was out and continued from their and then mcc came out and is was awesome.
Im a simple man who wants simple things, like earning xp from how well i play a match, not from free handouts like its halloween
The bass on the voice though
The sound of Mary crying at the crucifixion scene is a nice touch.  Though I suppose in this case it must be Cortana.
I love when the game of a generation actively encourages you to throw games
bb-bbut I liked halo 4
I just realized this all taking place in sandtrap
Where is RAID SHADOW LEGENDS commerical, I was waiting for? Damn, I love those.
"You will be crucified, but in your death the sins of gamers will be forgiven, and you shall be reborn, perfect and divine, 3 days later, or in January". -the Bible probably
The halo universe is to good 😂never boring Chiefs passion 😏✨✨
Halo 3 guy's voice is fantastic.
My only 2 complaints with infinite is a get rid of color patterns just make it where I pick colors and colors arms and legs and crap with the free choices and my second thing is all armors should go in one suit model like every other game I dont like that I can't have the fotus chest armor and the rogue helmet together. Other then that not much to complain about and even then it isn't worth sending threats to 343
Wait... where's the Raid: Shadow Legends ad? :|
Lmao did the Halo 5 Fetus not survive to Halo Infinite?
The Halo Subreddit is *under siege* _Under lockdown_  28 UNSC MARINES-  Gonna harass 343 Industries  _Black ONI warthogs,_ Pelicans landin'  Master Chief- Gonna clap Redditor cheeks
Yall really detailed the girls tho
Yes Halo Infinite has issues but they are not massive. I get why people are upset with the Battlepass and Progression System, I'm disappointed with that part of the game too. I'm also bothered by the Fact that Slayer and OBJ Game Modes are not separated. I Love Halo OBJ Game Modes but there is nothing more frustrating than more than half your team either being completely oblivious to the fact that its OBJ or just out right ignoring the OBJ because they don't even want to play OBJ Game Modes in the First place.  But the Gameplay and Core fundamentals of the Game are Fan-Fucking-Tastic! I think 343 is being judged and criticized to harshly, they have heard our feedback. they know what we want. give them a chance to implement what we are asking for. just remember, constructive criticism, Direct and clear feedback, and we WILL get what we want.
BRUH YOU FORGOT THE PLANE CLIT
I was waiting for the Xbox smash!
I hate how biblically accurate this is
Lmao so accurate
As a christian this video is pretty accurate in what happened in the bible
It's not perfect and it's not the legacy Halo experience we were all swelching for but so far I've really enjoyed Halo infinite and I think they're making the multiplayer free was a smart move to attract a lot of people quickly.  I think I could get used to the things that are different and just have fun this time.
I like how this plays out on Sandtrap
Halo Infinite: "we don't do emotes you silly old game, we know what is right for the gaming generation. We do STANCES!!!"
Lovely ol chaps. Lovely indeed
So farr I've really been enjoying Halo infants free multiplayer and I think it was a smart move to rent your fan base away from COD
I hope campaign is good and won't have microtransactions. Gameplay feels good. Shame that the customization system and battle pass has been butchered by the money hungry bearucrats. I'm going to try to forget that 4 and 5 even exist, they don't even deserve to be mainline Halo tirles.
Fucking never the Halo community will be happy with a Halo game...... fucking shame bro.
Hey, he got the feet right. It's supposed to be one nail for both feet.
As a 30 year old man who is very excited, this hit close to home
1:09 Love the emphasis on simply right after he mentioned booba streamers
Chief has had FUCKING ENOUGH of that bullshit🤣
I wonder where halo reach fits into all of this
lol 300 reference
I dont think you could of asked for a better upload timing
https://youtu.be/s-0KcwwDdk4 this is what it's based on our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and The temptations Satan try
And as of right now, the r/halo subreddit is currently on lockdown
30 year old men destroyed me, well done guys
I mean, halo 4 was good and 5 was bad.
Yeah boobiest of streamers would have got me.
Good Friday came early
If Jesus Chief monetizes the way 343 did, we'll soon be able to buy the cross splinters and nails! Maybe even make him blue! But only 3 times...
Goddamn your knowledge of christian literature is pretty damn good
Don't forget that Jesus came back from death after 3 days
waffles
This is beautiful
I love the relgious parody to Jesus being tempted in the desert
I'm about to lunch a holy war on 343i lol
yall censored the planebewbs but forgot the planecrotch. good job.
Plp complaining about aim assist gotta be ass cus this gane is easy as hell
Why didn't halo reach past the test and why aren't halo 4 and 5 teaming
Where is Reach?
God halo is so trash 💀💀💀
the 30 year old men have cried tears of joy
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited" damn guess I cant truly enjoy infinite for am only 24
To the ones who enters this realm, be careful: there's a weird Lemongrab guy spamming his channel or something
im 23  not 30 but whatever
I love it
Halo 4
They didn't pass the microtransaction test though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBFxE_zagT4
To think when halo first came out most people were either kids or teens playing it Now they're in their mid 20s to 30s
Half-life is a pretty cool guy and doesn't afraid of anything.  Great work lol
Give this subtitles please
I like the creativity of it. I am ashamed that many of my generation can not appreciate many of the games that are slightly older
Passion!
"343 rapes me" 🤣
I like the game
When Halo 4 and 5 get trashed on despite Reach being the worst.
God damn it I am a 32 year old man and I can't wait for this game
I'll have you know I'm 20
I wish 343 would just nuke all the progression and customization entirely.  No progression, no XP, no unlocks, no battle pass, no store, no microtransactions.  All the compulsive collector players who furiously try to collect all the things at the expense of the game itself can leave, and only the real ones will remain.  No more lobby hoppers, no more AFK, no more ignoring the objective to get kills with the plasma pistol.
It's very very easy to make Infinite the best Halo in a literal decade, just fix the hit registration across all weapons and melee, make slayer its own playlist, correct the horrendous store prices, give much more customization options across the board, FREE obviously, make the campaign not suck, the terrible events have to either be omitted completely or revamped, more multiplayer playlists and make them permanent, free my kidnapped wife, make an option to turn off crossplay acroos all available playlists and for god's sakes someone help me find the former 343 studio head Chris Lee, who's hidden somewhere in my house and keeps eating my morning oatmeal.
Nobody:     r/Halo 1:44
Yes
I am not EVER gonna play a game that gives aimbot to people as a means to even the playing field - controller losers
Wait, wheres my paid promotion??
Unpopular Opinion: Halo infinite is actually pretty darn good and fun and a lot of the complaints are kinda nitpicky.
Well if the whole parody and comedy thing doesn't work, flashgitz can probably make a living, drawing pron or working for Satan, whichever pays better.
Accurate ending
You spell Christmas Effect without  Christ + Mass + Effect = Be Compelled  So I'm guessing these guys are Certified Christians.
Look if we are gonna be honest every groups LOUDEST mfs get the most attention and these grown ass baby-men are the scummy bottom lowlifes WILL WHINE waaaay louder cause more people are actually enjoying the game to much to really effect the loud mouths who can't shut up and enjoy something.
Aim assist does indeed suck. Use M&KB like a big boy instead of depending on a plastic child's toy to do the work for you.
Ah yes the Reach babies reactions to no DMR in the game
The fact yall turned Satan tempting Jesus in the desert into a Halo skit. Wow. The creative and how yall were respectful. Bravo
I miss Drunk Chief
A really good game
FUCKIN GREAT. CONTENT THANK YOU IMA BIG HALO FAN AND I FEEL THE SAME WAY
We Spartans stand our ground fuck twitch fuck battle royale do you know what they did to fall out they fucked it hola
Screw Mariah Carey and It's A Wonderful Life This is my new Christmas ritual
Just realized how similar Halo3 & Infinite’s helmet look. I really hate Chief’s redesign in 4&5
1:18 When Halo 4 Dropped.
*If you think Halo could even be considered "the game of a generation"  then your one of the console peasants, and probably on the 'spectrum'.*
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited"  Hey! I'll have you know that I'm 38, and yes I've been playing the shit out of Halo Infinite, and it's the most fun I've had since Halo 2.  Screw you for being so damn accurate and funny. 😄
Lololol... still not playing infinite.
After everything you've done for them eventually they will hate you for it
2:03 i don't know what your watching but god even furries are Saint after what i saught
I'm 26 goddammit not 30
Halo Infinite is Jesus Christ all praise Halo Jesus.  (God Progression in this game sucks)
it's sad how accurate this is, and it also scares me
This shit actually made me realize i'm 30
The fact that is saw an anthro plane with boobs in the credits both confuses me and scares the hell out of me.
Yall should probably re upload with the a censor on the pussy of the aeromorph spitfire...
It's like trey parker and matt stone produced this. Lmao with the jetpack scene
It’s funny to see a game come out that is extremely polished, fun and (most importantly) free but people still complain. The battle pass isn’t good enough for you? Then don’t buy it. You don’t have to look like a samurai to play the game.
I love that this is Canon for the Bible and fits so well with what happened irl. 😍 🤣
Amen.
I like how he censored the boobs at 2:03 but not the crotch. Lmfao.
Is there any generation that was defined by halo? Doom maybe, but not halo.
you sound like randy marsh
Long live Halo 3! Anyone who likes loadouts is a kunt
Absolutely love the use of biblical story telling, a reference not everyone got till the end for sure.
That ending made me feel guilty
Knowing the context of the Bible, I'm sure we know what happens next to Halo Infinite
Love the ending.  The crucifixion of Halo: Infinite over playlists and other minor things is stupid.  Two valid criticisms exist in my mind:  1) The lack of F2P/base game customization (all Battlepass related, and next to no customization at all). Along with paying for colours... colours.  2) Co-op campaign and Forge (and by extension custom games) are delayed for months after release. 343i could've just delayed the game. This is acceptable to me because it's basically free on GamePass anyways, which means you can treat with first 6 months as a free "early access" in a sense.  Halo: Infinite is literally nailing 95% of the game perfectly. We the community need to chill and have faith that the 5% will be banged out since it'll be a "live service" game.  Halo's back, baby!
"F"
The comparison to Jesus being tempted… perfection
I'm not 30 yet but this was a fucking masterpiece
343 violated me I heard that at the end lol
Beautiful.
R\halo be like
The campaign's probably gonna suck :/
30 year old men are excited everywhere
Ya know what. Imma just enjoy the game
Can’t believe I’ve been watching you guys for 6 years
So hilarious how accurate this is
Wow aim assit is terrible.  PC players out her acting like it isn't a console game first
Booba!
This feels kinda like south park energy
jeez this video just commencing with the reddit lockdown
Even with all of these great things Halo infinite sucks
lmao
This is based on the Bible and I love it
God I hope Infinite goes down as a good halo game...if you see this in the future tell me if my hopes were true... :)
Halo 4 went from a drunk uncle to a goblin
Watching the end of the video. I see you there, temping me in wiliest of ways. I'm intrigued.
Please don't ever stop 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Halo Infinite died for your battlepasses
I am an excited 30 year old man everywhere. I could cry.
As a near thirty year old, I'm in this picture and for once I'm OK with it.  Not to mention the multi-player is free and it's the campaign that actually costs $60 which I think is a bold and intelligent move.
"Attention from the boobiest of streamers" lmao that truly is the only way to be relevant now a days
I miss drunken chief
I love how they are in sandtrap
"Heavely Father, we pray for comfort for every Spartan around the world during these difficult times. Thank you for reminding us that we are blessed in order to be a blessing to others. And finally, we thank you for loving us so much by sending your son Master Chief, so that we may have eternal jolliness and delight. In Chief's name, Amen!"
The microtransactions are simply too absurd.
yeees, i shall watch these other cartoons you speak of masters
This was the best flashgitz cartoon ive ever seen
Now that's what I call accurate
Infinite is the savior we've been looking for.
When you actually know what part of the Bible the Halo Chiefs in the desert were referencing
This looks like something Monty python would do
🤣🤣🤣 fucking love the Historical accuracy...
Halo 4 was excelent But the 5...
P
Beautiful.  Just… beautiful.
Very accurate
woa
Ben 10
Dudes, who draws your backgrounds? Damn you’re good
Even after they got what they wanted they still hate it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why'd they crucify the Doom Slayer?
The "hihihihihihi" part after he jumped was pretty funny, ngl.
you forgot to censor the va-jay-jay on that airplane.
Randy  from south  park!!! Lmfao
"And on the 4th day he arose..." -pslams 1:117
Trinston was here..
Great censorship, man, you can't see anything from below, right, кхахаахахаха
The title alone has me dead and worried.
I’m 33 and excited
Pineapple
So am I a disciple because I love infinite
Infinite is nice but the fucking progression and monetizing of the game is fucking atrocious
The water physics are still better in 3, Reach and Destiny 1 all running on the same engine as Halo 6. The campaign ain't gonna save this Fortnite game. Only 1 biome in a open World Halo game. No playable elites  No dual welding  No female spartans  No progression system  No color customization  No emblem customization  No Falcon or Hornet No map voting  No gamemode selection  No forge No working theater  No working custom games  Trash UI Its T for teens No blood no gore  No new vehicles  No drones (bug enemy) No good maps  Missing gamemodes  Its a live service game Trash vehicle physics  Trash warthog sound No OG guns like the magnum, shotgun, plasma rifle, spiker, brute shot and spartan laser. I still got more to say on why Halo 6 is a bad Halo game.
Halo 4 is a crafty Hew. Hel Hibson would be proud of this portrayal.
Ironically enough, I'm pretty sure people can make a BR mode once Forge comes around.
Jokes aside Halo infinite was my favorite release all year, I started with reach and I'm 17 people still trash talk like bo2 I love it
Christmas came early
That hiss at 0:13 is perfect
Halo 4 isn’t bad smh
What is a minute where is ad to RAID Shadow Legends? Did they abandon you guys?
"ger out of here satan"💀
Damn that ending got dark.
THIS IS PERFECTION.
Amazing
Love the video keep up the great work
Squee 🐖
🤣🤣🤣🤣 the parable of Jesus when he was fasting for 40 days I’m not religious anymore and I think it’s funny I can’t still recognize this
Classic
Halo at least got the game play right before going to greed
Flashgitz is truly an amazing channel, they haven't ever received a single dislike
Blasphemous but accurate
Really... THEY ARE CALLED SPARTANS and you missed the oppertunity to have a leonidas last stand cartoon?
The mother fucking anthro plane at the end doesn't have her crotch censored lmaooooooooooooooo
Oh. Right we are about time for halo infinite to release the actual game instead of just the weird multiplayer mode which should really be the quincinary consideration.
32, can confirm.
I couldn't care less about the online mode. For me the important is the campaign, which I don't have much faith on after 4 and 5.
I'm satisfied
1:44 live feed of r/halo
I'm a 30 year old and I'm not even excited.
Love the Infinite necklace
This is so perfect. lol
I really wouldn’t have known there were problems with halo infinite if I didn’t look online. I was kina bummed that I had to drop $45 on it to get the best progression but it’s still $15 less than I was willing to pay. And all the people complaining about cosmetics.. do you know how absolutely terrifying it is to see 4 dudes in default skin work in unison?? I’ve watched hackers get kicked right in front of me as I’m trying to light them up. This is by far the most fluid shooter in gaming history.
But infinite didn’t pass the test they have a grapple hook
Damm halo 4 became the villain of the story i thought he was just sad😅
Halo Finite is not fun, change my mind
anyone knows what animation software they use?
yes
God damn it the timing 😂
Only if infinite were actually like this
The boobiest of streamers?!  No, no we must hold the line!!!
"GET OUT OF HERE SATAN"...Master Chief/Spartan117
The scene with the Chiefs holding Chief needs to be a wallpaper or a poster I can frame for my wall.
Halo 6 is T for Teen, and they added those stupid keychain charm things to their guns which is pretty gay. But the rest is nice for the most part.
THE PLANE WITH THE TIDD WTF NOT BAD THO NOT BAD
As a 30 year old man, I believe this is pure comedic genius 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 best animation I’ve seen in the last decade!
“We’re it so easy.”
343 raped me
So true :(
I'm not thirty yet, but i'm excited as a grunt with a pair of grenades.
Lmao, accurate.
Bruh the Never Forget tune was godly
110% accurate to what has and will happen. Though personally I kinda like halo 4.
Genius joke You have there ....... In halo infinite we trush
Luke 23:34-39 Jesus kept saying, “Father, forgive them, because they don’t know what they’re doing.” Then they divided his clothes among them by throwing dice. Meanwhile, the people stood looking on. The leaders were mocking him by saying, “He saved others. Let him save himself, if he is the Messiah of God, the chosen one!” The soldiers also made fun of Jesus by coming up and offering him sour wine, saying, “If you are the king of the Jews, save yourself!” There was also an inscription over him written in Greek, Latin, and Hebrew: “This is the King of the Jews.” Now one of the criminals hanging there kept insulting him, “You are the Messiah, aren’t you? Save yourself…and us!  Just as they insult and mocked him over 2000 years ago... so do you now mock him. You know not what you do and I pray that Christ will soften your heart...Christ is returning and there is still time...for now. Repent and seek him
Nailed it! Having playlists back would be pretty neat though...
This was great and HALO 5 was awful, but am I the only person who liked HALO 4?
I love your work dudes :)
Excuse me but I'm only 29 thank you very much
Sounds like its straight out of south park!! Great job!!
Dude halo 4 was not so bad it was truly funny indeed. Halo 5 no halo 5 is shit
Why aren't the halo names above them
This is incredible
Am I the only person on planet earth that enjoyed Halo 4
Jokes on u I’m 22. Also the fuck did I just watch. XD
Good game.
one fatal flaw: the grapple shot can save you from falling off a cliff
This is beautiful..
Halo infinite: “One of you will betray me tonight” *343 Leaving the room*
Such a flattering record of your good friend meatcanyon.
They really just took the Bible and said: “man this is a good video script”
Halo 5 is a great game.
what the fffffff, bro can you show that?
Bruh
1：46 i love that scene, you just make a history.
Ah yes when Master Cheif wandered the internet for 40 days n nights being tempted by publishers.
I like to imagine Halo 4 as Judas
🥵
Lotta angry COD boys and Battlefielders on here
The jump pack made me almost shit myself.
Too bad there's already a battle pass and in game currency
I mean, you just had to copy the progression systems you already created and you wouldn't have had so much hate.
The voice acting always reminded me of South Park
Even the subreddidt was locked down by the mods.
Eat your heart out, Mel Gibson!
"Yes 30 year old men everywhere are very excited"   * Report*  i'm in this video and i don't like it
I like the little detail of his necklace infinity sign glowing when held by the original trilogy
please have another where he resurrects and  tells them all hush my children i am better then halo 4/5
both heartfelt and humorous
Being in my 30's, I find this very appealing.
This video tells a lot about our society
As a 30 year old halo fan I’m very excited but still. I don’t understand the joke of when he’s on the cross. I’m a big halo fan and got  all the jokes up to that point.  Can someone explain it? Dont judge me. Lol thanks !
You're goint to Hell for this
Even an atheist like me loves this!
You never fail to disappoint Flashgitz. Never change ❤
The 30 year old men got me as I turned 30 in November! 🤣🤣🤣
Soon the great journey shall begin, and when it does the campaign will be abatable for all to play!
Was that the tower on Sandtrap?
That was enjoyable. I'm glad infinite didn't suck as bad as 4 and 5. I do wish I could finish an hour of gameplay without crashing out of a ranked match, though. It'd be nice if melee worked in a consistent way. No one asked for there to be no player collision, and that seems to have broken quite a few things. Finally, I'd like my performance in a match to effect my progression. Not seeing half of mine, and the enemy team running around looking to get specific ways would certainly be a boon to my sustained enjoyment. It's a game with good bones, but it's far from being Halo: Jesus.
gonna tell my kids this was Christianity
This is just wrong
The sad part is that 4 and 5 both had better progression systems
"Become a battle royal" I felt actual physical pain when I heard that.
lol I feel that ending was made yesterday.
Savage!
I like now halo4/5 is just a malformed homunculus man
I'm guilty for also hating some parts on this new halo but also I'm still having hope that it's getting reworked and done right, we miss bungie halo and this is great
I slowly realized over the course of this video that it's a parody on a Jehovah's Witness Caleb & Sophia propaganda video.
Wtf is with this soundtrack sounding so damn good??? Like God damn
I like the new halo I'm one of those raised on halo I'm glad it's found its roots once agian
Battlefield failed the test
A true revelation XD
Dear God, I knew it was coming, but the crucifixion still cracked me up 😂
tbh aim assist on console is bullshit but watching them slowly rotate while i can just do a 360 is fun
Aww come on , reach was legendary too
Ricepirate daddy🥺
Should add drunk chief lol
Lol... might wanna edit this before you get a strike. 2:03 wasn't censored fully. The puss is still uncensored ahaha
"Are we forgetting that the pandemic hamstrung development?"  "No, 343 is just evil."
This is insanely accurate, man them playlists sigh.
The Roman dude who stabs him at the end is about to become a saint. That dudes the arbiter or something
This is unironically accurate.
I have a South Park vibe from this video
Lol the trilogy Chiefs are divine beings
This is straight out of the bible. Really well done. This is the new Bible. Jesus is now halo infinite, and Satan is 4/5.
I’m a big fan of classic halo (CE, Halo 2, 3, and odst) and I find this true.  I’m so proud born in 2000 rather than in the late 2010s year.  What a massive downfall 343 .  We miss you bungie
love the content
Satan's little jump pack is the best part
Lol 4 and 5 sucked donkey balls
This made my day/ week 100% accurate lol and funny. Hopefully one day my content will be this a mazing
Still the best halo in a while
It will never be Halo Reach.
Funnily enough CE Chief is wearing the halo 4 Mark 5 helmet.
Yo watch this get age restricted lol
Just needs some of the maps from the old games and thats it
Halo inf sucks tho... O_o
Beautiful
Where's Halo 5?
love the fusion coil throw
Always spot on with the gaming politics
🙂
Halo fans always bitch about their game even if it's "Free to play"
Wait. Poeple don't like loadouts?
I started with Halo 4 and i thought the story was decent, played the original bungie games when MCC came out and i loved it. I hated Halo 5, though. The main thing i liked about 4 was Chief's design.
Noice
Lol that one pc pleb with the aim assist rant killed me
:D
You skipped Black Templar Friday for this? I'm a little bit sad right now.
well compared to the shitty copy paste COd Vangaurd and Bf 2042 traigc down fall
Imagine if they showed caboose as god
Video is hilarious!
Is this supposed to be Jesus
Was expecting a Star Wars reference, but this is better 😂
I was expecting a party halo parody again welcoming halo infinite along with drunk h4 chief being a shithead again lol
Serves 343 right for trying to appeal to the 30 year old men. Should have stayed with the people who appreciated 4 and 5
As a Christian, I approve this message
*¨Resurrect Me When You Need Me¨* - John 1:17
Lmao the aeromorph picture at the end, the fact I know which artist drew it too makes it’s funnier 😂 the artist has got good art too
The timing on this is flawless
Damn if halo infinite multiplayer doesnt hate my 768p monitor
This is the best cartoon ever
But I want more cartoons I saw that one already. Guess I'll just re-watch some.
Let's just hope they fixed that damn battle pass and micro transactions.
The gregorian chants
That comment about 30 year old men being very excited feels like an attack on me but, also the truest fact.
Halo Infinite disappointment
Flashgitz never fails to make me laugh
Love the Halo twist of Satan tempting Jesus during the fasting concept 🤣🤦 excellent job you made me and the rest of the Halo vets smile
i can't believe flashgitz is circlejerking halo
That was funny a hell
Bro I was just re watching all your vids and got blessed with a new upload very nice
This makes me want to play it more than any advertising Microsoft could ever do.
343 raped me!!!!
we can only hope the battle royale joke ages well lmao
Funny that this comes out 3 days before Halo Infinite, and Jesus comes back from the dead after 3 days. Good one, Flashgitz.
The end is so damn true. 343 trying to do so much and give us stuff and the moment they try to keep themselves upright with the shop everyone just shits on them.
*HERESY!*
They will patch it up and alter it for the better eventually...MAYBE.
Finally a Gitz Halo video. after a whole decade.
You might wanna censor plane girl's bottom too...
Finally Halo come back
‘Temptation of the Chief’ would be a little more accurate. Interestingly respectful video as far as parodies from a channel about furries and other internet oddballs go, I must say.
painfully accurate.
thank you very much for not making it sacrilegious! love your videos so much
mamstur chefde
Lmao
Lies! Everyone knows Doomslayer is the true lord and savior. 🙏
“Make a battle royale”  Halo infinite “ the only BR I need in my game is the gun, NOW BEGON SATAN” *throws fusion coil*
Beautiful, the true story of the lord
Because of your initial sacrifice a legend shall born in the end
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOO! my boy they slaughtered my sweet baby booOoOOoOyyy!!!
Halo 3 is still the best Halo for my money.
GREAT VID.😺
Nice
He died so that all may enter the arena free of charge.
Suprisingly accurate!
1:47 “343 raped me.”
As a 31 year old Christian that played Halo this was hilarious
Master chief is God himself
Wish they threw a jab at the microtransactions.
Very great satire and I agree that Halo 4 is the worst Halo ever made. Halo 5, though just as bad in terms of story at least had more likeable enemies, except for Cortana and the shitty Prometheans. But I also enjoyed some of Halo 5's multiplayer, but it's not better than Halo Infinite's or Halo 1-3.
Brilliant as always my dudes
Halo overall gameplay is perfect but just needs to fix the customization and its perfect mainly crossed armor core color and equipment
Nice biblical story of Jesus fighting off the devil
All the 30 year old men are cooming right now.
I shall watch this every Easter!
the ending is so true. kids today have no idea what a real game is. but it doesnt help companies arent putting any effort towards actual gameplay and are more focused on copying fortnite and other games. game companies are just to greedy for high costs for low value games.
I never understood flashgitz on Halo. Halo 4 was the fun Halo multiplayer. Always thought it was weird they didn't defend it. Idk.
1:35 As an 29 year old man, fuck. I felt that. Dude we're old af, :(
Perfect timing with the Halo Reddit shutdown. Especially after players were doxxing and sending death threats to the devs.
Legit question all... I played all of halo up to reach... Nothing after.. Should I?  Which ones aren't garbage?  And yes I'm a single player kind of guy, not that I don't enjoy multiplayer...
This one had me in stitches it is literally what is going on at the moment with Halo
You can have the greatest experience ever but the second some guy kills them then that game becomes the worst game in history
Buenos días!!
Funniest shit I've watched all year
An absolute masterpiece video
Too bad it's becoming clear this is a very shallow game and the devs are incompetent. At least it'll be a rad as hell game in a year and a half.
For those that don't read the Bible this is literally how it happens when Jesus is tempted. Without the Halo aesthetics of course lmao.
So glad our Founding Fathers had the wisdom to make provisions in the Constitution for separation of Halo and State.
Halo: Passion of the Chief
the microtransactions was the kiss on the cheek
aw yes a flashgits classics, jokes you can see from a mile away. still made me laugh tho
I love how Halo 4/5 is a disfigured hunchback abomination.
I was waiting for this one
I never thought that the day would come where having read the New Testament would give me context for a Flash Gitz cartoon
Oh, crap. Flashgitz and MeatCanyon posting at the same time. ITs a good day.
I didnt knew theye read the bible.
1:26 That song that plays is legit beautiful. I wouldn't mind a full version tbh.
I miss halo... Before it became what it is..
I think he missed the aeromorph's clitorus
based flash toons nailed it right at the freaking cross.
30 year old men??? What about reach kids like me🤣
"It's not about the riches and bitches, it's about doing what's right." -- Arbiter
Father, forgive them,for they no not what they play -John 1:17
I realy dont like the use of gay in here
This really says a lot about modern FPS games
Lmao and the sub just got locked down 😭
"the boobiest of steeamers"
Best multiplayer in years, great job!
I almost feel personally attacked... almost. However, bring in a decent experience system! Unlock the playlists!
But it does have cat ear helmets, and 10 dollar pineapple chest grenades.
It was uploaded 69 mins.
This, this is pure gold. I love you flashgitz
Lmao I like Halo 4. 5 sucks though
I think it’s kind of a shame they got rid of all the mobility options from 5 but nothing wrong with a back to basics approach
For the alg
I just wanna play halo I honestly hope the game isn't shutdown or something
😹😹😹👍🏼
“Thou shall not Battle Royale.” - Reclamation 1: 17
The Bible inspiration made me chuckle
I call heresy. 40 year old man are excited, too!
pfff like you know us.....*sweats while clicking link for other suggested animation to load*
I really love what y'all do. This makes me so damn happy lmao.
Meanwhile Halo: Reach: “…where is everybody…?”
If it was possible to complain directly to the bean counters, then I would, but as it stands, it is just 343. I love the game, pretty much everything feels great and I haven't played this much multiplayer Halo in a long time. I think for some people, including me, that is why we are angry. I want Infinite to be the best, not like Battlefield removing "legacy features". So to the people at 343 who designed the game, the game is awesome and I can't wait to play the campaign. To the directors and bean counters that left out features and whoever thought up of this cursed monetization, I hope you leave in disgrace and understand everyone's disdain is squarely on you.
You might want to censor down below on that plane pic lads.
Hey flashgitz you totally forgot to censor that planes VUHGIYNA
“343 _R A P E D ME_ “
9K Likes and 63 Dislikes...   Noice
Hahahahahahahahahahagagagagagagagagagfjdmsozkcndkwoam....
John 1:17  "Because that would be...gay"
they will turn the Stones in Micro Transaction  ....
Gg/ez? Is that a reference to Mr.Fruits podcast? Lol
That last part is so ironic considering what just happened with r/halo lol
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Awesome just awesome
Animation idea: God is bored on the seventh day he's resting. Nemo pops his head up to congratulate him, and God decides to have fun strangling Nemo under the water transforming his face until his eyes are on either side of his head like a regular fish and he can no longer speak.
ohhh i love that ending. They're that fucking disgusting right now for a game that was literally built from the ground up with player feedback within like 3 years of development and they're just crucifying it for little shit when  it's free to play for that main reason. The multiplayer needs 2 more years of development. Yet players crucify the game like coding anything works overnight and the big bad company only wants money to fill their bellies. It's to fund game development. Fortnite, League of Legends, and Star Citizen wouldn't be as big without a way to fund themselves. This Halo community lacks patience cause youtubers get money off feeding the fires. Especially new ones milking the negatives for subs.
not the chief! 😧😧😧
Why is that so accurate 😂
Halo Subbreddit is on lockdown cause it's gotten so toxic. Yet they were defending that game like it was a nurturing mother, before its release.
I might not play Halo or have an XBOX, but I do wish for the Infinite to be good.
The "halos" over their heads was my favorite
If you’ve read the Bible and you remember when Jesus walks through the desert and the devil tempts him with all of these things then you will appreciate this even more lmao this is fantastic I love these guys
We are happy. Except for battlepasses and their fuckery.
Lmao. Thank you Tom and Don
Perfection
did they started to read bible and say hmm yes this is pretty poggers and epic
Fake and gay: I'm 24 and moderately excited for the campaign.
Thank goodness I'm not in my thirties yet, otherwise I'd probably blind to all the insidious and predatory ways 343 and Microsoft are currently molesting Halo Infinite with. I miss the good old days, when you could buy all the content in a Halo game with a one time purchase and unlock cosmetics all through playing and getting better at the game. When the only DLC was over priced map packs that unlocked dead playlists because no one ever bought them except for Machinima creators looking for new sets and backdrops... Remember Machinima? Remember when the games were a sandbox in service of a creative community? and not an attempt to emulate what other competitive Esports games were hot at the time? Remember when Halo didn't have to be anything other than Halo? _Remember Reach? _*_I remember._*
I wasn’t ready for the “Dad setting up the wii.” clip.
Praise be to infinite, he was delayed for our sins.
Every part of this video was uncomfortably very accurate
"Did I pass the test?" "Yes, 30 year old men everywhere are very excited"  Me: *turning 30 years old the same month Halo Infinite campaign is released and very excited about it*
I’m not even 30 yet and I’m still excited
😂😂😂 that title 🙌
I am that 30year old man haha
2:04 still has the fun button.
Crucifying my childhood has never been so satisfying.
OMG Is that STPeach? 1:05
Dude, this is actually beautiful
I like how the beginning is a reference to the Bible of how Satan tried to temp Jesus
Amazing. 11/10.
Remember guys 343i wants to sell us pineapple grenades for 15$
I just want them to make game modes choosable instead of random
there's ah... mistake you made at the end...
Well done fellas!
FUN FACT: The legionary who stabbed Jesus in the side with a spear became a saint for completing the passover ritual  So its safe to say that little gamer stabbing Master chief would become a huge part of the franchise
*Dear Lord*
This is mocking the bible by the way lol
"Recent Animal studies have shown that even dogs and parrots can learn how to read, use fire or even appreciate art. In that case...what is the difference between 'Man' and 'Animal'? The difference between Man and Animal...its the desire to go to 'Heaven'. Humans think about it, However dogs, parrots and no other animals can grasp this concept. The idea of Heaven...Humans should spend their life trying to attain that 'Heaven'. That is the beauty of humans."  -Father Enrico Pucci to a prisoner
Kids at the end are frfr the redit kids hahahhaa
The Halo animations these guys do are always top tier, just for the allegories and metaphors alone, quality writing 👌🏻
The new halo Is here to save us from the nightmares of battle royal and to restore order to the game's
I don’t care what anyone says Infinite is awesome
I'm 26 but I might as well be 30 so close enough. Good job.
I qm 17 and i am exited for the game
LMAOOO "ATTENTION FROM THE BOOBIES OF STREAMERS", I'm sorry, EA actually bought this and made it $39.99, if you wan't to get this, please buy the simp pack Disclaimer: _This only applies to one streamer, upgrade to tier 2 for 3 streamers, only $189.99_
Beautiful ~ Cat
People complaining about how the games plays expect it to be like a recent cod or battlefield
I've started to play Halo just two days, so didn't get ending. Still awesom animation
He passed the test of Halo, but not the test of fandom
I have and will always say, Halo 3 was the last Halo game to complete the saga.   All others are blasphemy in the eyes of our great creator, Bungie.
forgive them father, cause they dont know what are doing
I'd just like to play slayer
Don't for get the late 20 year olds!
Dude, you can totally start a religion out of this.
These are the Halo games as my favorites: Halo 3, Halo 4, and Halo infinite.
I will never forgive 343. No matter what they give me.
halo 4 was great 5 sucked why do you have a problem with halo 4 so much
when is reach gonna show up?
I loved all the Halo games.
He broke the commandment of thou shall not monetize the fuck out of your multiplayer
Spot. On. I am clapping as soon as I am done this comment.
"All men shall be created equal, in the arena" God sent this boi to preach the word of the gamers
Historicly accurate...
That s fucking legendary !)))
I love how this is literally a bit from the Bible
so true :,(
As someone who has a lot of issues with Infinite, this was still pretty on-point.
Bro that's fucking beautiful. I almost cried.
I love how infinite dropped the pretense and just straight up went “get out of here Satan” at the end
Halo 1 To 3 Ah The Holy Trinity
He should have said that would be cringe.
I know this is just a funny animation but seriously. People crucifying the game despite it being so amazing all because they want everything to be perfect but ignore the many other aspects of the game that have been massively improved upon even compared to halo 3/reach.
"BEAUTIFUL AND PURE" YE TOTALLY
This game is incredible
But I’m 20 and I grew up with halo 3 😔
We all died in 2012. And this is Hell.
SKRTTT MY BOI HUNGY FOR ELEPHANTS
@2:04, you censor the snake plane tits, but not the pussy?
😎
Hey guys, can your next video be on the Santa Inc situation? And how Rogen and Silverman are making themselves look like idiot Elves they are?
Praaaaaaaise HIM
Drinkee my slurpee
1:46 " 343 raped me" 😂😂😂😂 actually Gold content.
😂🤣🤣🤣
You guys didn't censor the plane v@gina at 2:03 ;)
and on the 3rd anniversary infinite rose again with a new found love from the players who realized every halo game has its flaws and infinite is pretty good
He died for their Sins.
Halo 5 had super good hit retention
"Then why don't you turn these stones into dance emotes?" Halo infinite:"Because that would be... gay!"  That literally broke me, couldn't be more accurate.
good use of mick lauer 1️⃣2️⃣3️⃣
The little jetpack part is gold
Halo infinite is good
Halo infinite truly is jesus, nailed to the cross by idiots who demand for more released content. We can only give feedback, they will add co op, they will change the xp system, they will have a great game for us to play. also vanguard and battlefield already failed so halo is definitely gonna be better
I'm intrigued about the booby spitfire pic!
The only one they fear, is infinite, and it shall not be gay
Chief shall rein
Well, at least Mel Gibson didn't torture him for 2 and 1/2 hours.
You guys just keep getting better 😩
Bruh, the last scene is the Halo subreddit rn lol.
*"This is a certified FLASHGITZ classic"*
I love halo, and I love Jesus, and this was the best thing I've ever seen thank you
To be fair, I am a 22 year old man who is excited about this. Which isn’t much better. But hey, Halo Infinite is the most fun I’ve had since Reach
Master chief here there everywhere and their all and their all godlike
Yeah I'll have uhhhhh
I love this
343 didnt do a terrible job, the halo franchise was changing with each new game anyway and even bungies attempt to stay competative kinda destroyed the purity of equal stats being beaten by superior strategy, organisation skills, and skill in the multiplayer arena. Where it went wrong was in continual correction of exploits when the players found ways to make the game more fun and use more strategies thst the devs felt took attention away from the core mechanics and plot, and began nerfing everything into oblivion until it was just another cookie cutter fps.
I swear the allusions between Christianity and Halo just get better and better in this.
As a person who doesn't give their age/race/religious beliefs out on public comment sections, I found this funny.
Oh man. Halo Infinite literally costs 1000$ per season. It is the most expensive game I have seen in a while. Not even Halo 5 was that greedy in comparison.
0:18  Halo Infinite literally took the words from my mouth:  Halo 4 and 5: "Turn these stones into dance emotes!"  Halo infinite: "I won't, because that would be gay."
I can't wait for Infinite to flop and everyone to be sad they wasted money on it.
"343 raped me!" lmaoooooo
“Forgive them, Chief, for they know not what they do!”
Tom and Don will always be my favorites.. Your cartoons are always the best. Thank you, gents.
1:46 343 actually did rape me, in the back of a Quiznos in 98'
Master chief has more halos then God has angels at this point
This channel will go down in history
I actually have the movie this is based on somewhere
I can’t wait for the campaign
Magnificent
Halo 4?  Why not Halo 5 as the haggard evil.
The 30 year old male joke got me good xD so true
I don’t play halo are they saying the new one is good or bad?
Hah this is off of a book of the bible
That was honestly, really sweet. Right up until the end X3
I remember being 14 and Halo 1 Lan parties being greatest thing ever. I haven't played since 3 and would love to play again, but refuse to buy a console for 1 single game. PlayStation 4 life.
St. John 117
343 so loved its fans, that they gave their only worthy son, halo infinite, that whomsoever believe in him will not delve into irrelevancy, but will have infinite life.x
Yep, the aim assist is the lowest of any halo games yet pc players complain non-stop about the one about the one in infinite.
i will never play this game with her
Well then....
Oh my god!!!!!😂 You guys are going to hell!!! 😂😂😂
(BGM: The All-American Rejects - Move Along)  "You may look like a hero. You may feel like a hero. You may be one Spartan. You may be many. You may have a new helmet, new armor, and new equipment. You may have your assault rifle, pistol, and grappling hook. But its not what you got, its what you do with it, that makes you...... a hero."
But I'm only 23
Infinite really threw fusion coils at Halo 4 like it was a rat🤣
Holy shit this is the earliest I've been. Truly blessed with this video
Merry Forerunnermas! -Prophet of Regret
He died for our sins...we did it...we killed cod and battle royal is now on the decline, time to crusade my brothers!
Wtf lmfao
Halo 4 wasn’t actually that bad…, halo 5 ruined it 💀
Master chief truly is Jesus
As someone who just turn 30, this was a good farewell to my twenties.
We want CHIKUBI SAN BACK!
And although I walk in the valley in the shadow of microtransactions, I shall fear no pay to win.
Err more like 40 year olds...
They hated him because he spoke the truth
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited"  Okay gotta find the spy cams.
It just doesn't feel like a halo game. Ill just stick to the early halos on MCC
Can't wait for the definitely "Christian" girls to defend me and say this offends me on my behalf
I love you
1:40 my new wallpaper. Thank you Flashgitz.
this is perfect
The ending is absolutely perfect.
>uploaded 12 minutes ago  not been this early in a while
Halo: Infinate has partaken in one of the most evil of Video Game sins. It is free-to-play greed. :'(
He gave his life for our Unfufilment... . . . So when's Halo Beyond coming???
Good video, now back to the boobiest of streamers.
As a 29 year old man all I can say is this  HHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGG
*“30 year old men everywhere are very excited”*   What an absolute drive-by on all of us old-head Halo fans lmao
Halo infinite should his true power
So I'm the only one wanting to know where 2:04 came from, huh? I see Gavin written, but I need more to go on. I am a degenerate and that's my thing. haven't played Halo since...three? The last game made by Bungie before they went solo, so this hits weird.
For real tho bring back slayer lol
I just don't like battlepass on infinite to be able to change to certain armours. Then only getting 50 to 100xp for playing a game. That and challenges distract certain people from the objective
game of a generation... following the same template as quake fucking 2 lol.
The boobiest of streamers lmao
GGEZ 🤣
Excellent
He was right about the dance emotes
"You did. 30 year old men everywhere are excited."  Am 30. Am excited.  Nailed it.
halo infinite is trash.
It did suck tho
Based Halo! Keep Halo Great!
This was truly something beautiful and accurate, I'm happy you guys made another video about Halo Infinite and showing the problems of modern gaming with streaming and battle royales, etc though I was not expecting to see some booba especially aeromorph ones at 2:04, like Jesus.
Somehow it’s good and bad at the same time. And that is only something only Flashgitz can do.
Reddit in a nutshell lmfao
YOU ARE BREATHING MANUALLY
Crazy how you guys went from Racist Mario to these last few years. You guys have really outdone yourselves.
why did you have to do Hunter dirty like that? great animation still
“30 year old men everywhere are very excited.” Me, a 17 year old male:
missed opportunity not having that fruit weirdo saying something
Y'all should work with otaku d friku
1:04 me likely
There’s fans for every angle 🤣🤣🤣
2:03 methinks you may have forgotten something...
Halo infinite being crucified is pretty accurate
_But..._    *What if it's not though?* 🤔
It feels weird to be called a greedy little piggy, I kinda... Liked it... ///
where is the BF parody?
Halo infinite is literally becoming a legend in every aspect lol I love it
Ngl Halo Infinite sounds dope, kinda wanna try it out
As a believer in Christ, I find this funny.
Good lord this is an amazing meme for a generation.  343 has fucked our franchise into the dirt, and they show no signs of stopping. (Monetization and witholding playlists for fucking stupid reasons is no way to treat Halos legacy)
that ending lmao
what sort of unholy fuck drew that spitfire
You didn't censor the airplain's sneez at the end.
He die for our sins  and on the 3th day he returned  Proving to all of us he was the TRUE BEST GAME
"30 yo men everywhere are very excited" need we say more? you've made it lads, good job
10/10 as always.
RIP [*]
Merry Chiefmas to all and to all a good night!
Where the fuck is halo 5 😂😂
CHECK BACK IN THREE DAYS BITCH
Gz, you've finally earned yourself an unsub from a user who's been following you for many, many years since the Trials of Draigo.  You're following the trend of that degenerate MeatCanyon, and you're throwing cheap shots at the group whose policy is to not strike back. Why don't you make fun of other religious groups? It's simple, you're afraid of their media protection and Christians are an easy targets. You, the guys who should shape the media with your work - your gonads are shivering.  Pathetic, I could've expected this from many other content creators, but not the Flashgitz.
Huh neat and still amazing
Here I thought we were gonna get drunk master chief in this video
so either you forgot to fully censor that plane or i'm mistaking a fuel cap for something else
I think you lads forgot to censor something at 2:04 xD
"They hated him because he spoke the truth."
Fantastic that this came out the same day the halo subreddit locked
Pretty accurate... me and alot of old souls are excited for this Halo...feels good since I skipped 5 entirely and 4 felt sacrilege to remember playing.
Omg I love this!😂
And… why there was no Halo Reach? It is also good Halo game
Ape escape does not suck
#jackofblades Just what the doctor ordered! TREMENDOUS
They had forgotten to throw in 343 claiming that you can earn battlepass only in the game, with boosters that can be bought with microtransaction.
hi
Goddammit why is that ending so accurate
Only annoying thing is the lack of customization for me personally. Side from that, best FPS I have played in years. Hell, I hate FPSs and I still had a blast playing.
2:03 you censored the tatas but you kept the female organ i have never seen irl... i have a feeling that yt will not be happi
Really is insane how a couple of dudes can produce a short video that is both better in quality and more thematically tied to Christmas than a giant Hollywood studio and HBO.
Bible reference
Gamers are dogs who's standard of games will never be satisfied. The best you can do is give them a coherent based storyline and have decent gameplay... You'll still get massive hate but oh well.
silly games
Halo infinite is great
God I love your videos youre sooo freakin funny! My personal favorite will always be dragon ball pee
You might not have up be an option when you die at this rate and you under 40
1:33 will be my new pc wallpaper now. Lmao
"30Y/O men everywhere are very excited" 🤣🤣 That  voice tho... 😯😉
On. F***ing. Point. Well done 👍
The "..30 year old men everywhere..." line hit too hart. Getting old i guess
"30 year old men everywhere are very excited"  I feel like I get called out in every Flashgitz video
That ending is perfect, couldn’t have been timed better with the whole halo  Reddit shutdown 😂👌🏻
YOOO MATER CHEF HAS METAVERSE DRIP CHAIN⁉️😲
Perfect content
Halo infinite sounds like Randy Marsh...
'30 year old men everywhere are very excited'... Im fucking dying XD
Amazing
Those thirty year olds gonna be sad when all those things are included next month lol
I love how halo 4 and 5 are just one person
Really liked Halo during my teens but just lost interest with 4...
Twitch cod players crucified halo infinite
master i need a weapon chief
"343 raped me!"
Master Based
I loved the Dr disrespect and BR reference
The funny part is.... that the romans at the end will be 343 industries. Don't Belive me? Check out the Waypoint page. they discarded the info and things of 5 (and 4 and reach stand alone data)
I know my professor will see this.
So much passion.
2:04 Huh. Never thought I'd see that "plane" again.
This is why I'm a patron. Shit is too goo
1:03it is impossible to tempt me with such heresy
All I could think about was that this animation should’ve had battle royale.
This is perfect
Halo Infinite WILL wash away Halo 4/5 sins for all of us
Love it
Gamers are never fucking happy.
This is gonna hit different in a few months if 343 somehow finds a way to screw up Halo Infinite.
halo infinite was going to be a masterpiece but sadly you can run in that game... and that is gay.
The holy trinity….
I heard Master Chief won't be in the next Halo because of problematic words like "Master" and "Chief"
Nice commentary, and funny shit.
You are a genius lmao
Eh, I prefer H5 to all the others anyway, mostly because it has the most extensive support for forge and customs of any single game as of speaking. MCC later _really_ upped the bar, but none of their forge/custom/browser modifications entirely equal 5’s sheer level of polish and options.
The satan temping Jesus reference is absolutely hilarious
$20 dollars for an amour coating, are you mad? - Roman halo player in his 30s
Fr it's nice to have the old style with some new elements although the transactions and progression is still pretty doo doo everything else is fire
damnit I've never seen passion of the Christ, so I don't get this
As a Christian on Sunday that was the funniest one I've seen yet🤣
As a 30 year old Christian Male who loves Halo, this hit on too many level. All smiles.
The end was gold
“30 year old men everywhere are very excited.”  That’s both sad and funny at the same time Idk why lol
Bruh I'm dying 😂
What Have We Become
That was fantastic!
This game is woke
It's like all the magic that used to be flashgitz is just gone now.
Mmm yes, an excellent addition to the halo flashgitz collection.
Its good
As a 30 year old i am at peace
Well, Halo 4/5 didn't tempt him with armor packs or micro transactions.....
Lmao
My god this hits it on the nail perfectly.
bruh you didn't censor the aeroplane vagina
Love that it takes place on sand trap
Accurate. 343i is shit and I'm not buying anything from them. Enjoy your microtransactions or whatever lame ass amor or whatever it has, I don't care.
I've taken a break sure but the map variety doesn't yet exist in this game like it's Halo why is there only 4 maps this is supposed to be finished MP I ain't bitchin I'm just saying even Halo will fall to the new age trick of not launching with many maps.  Oh and excellent vid as always keep it up lol
A Christmas classic. Can’t wait to see this on Hallmark.
Lol
They gave into Satan with the battlepass and shitty store though
YALL BETTER SUBSCRIBE TO CREAM CREW RIGHT FUCKING NOW!!! ANYBODY WHO DOESN'T IS A DESCUSTING FURRY NECK BEARD!!!
Did you work out the timing with MeatCanyon to post at the same time?
"Did I pass the tests?" "Yes, 30 year old men everywhere are very excited".
Perfect timing with the sub being on lockdown lmao.
"Halo need a battle royale to survive"       I wanna die everytime hear someone say this
I remember that map the vehicle is so big it puts my pp to shame 😏
WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST SEE?
>Twitch >rich Good joke.
U huys forgot microtransactions
Praise be to god
Halo infinite ♾ is dying for our gamer souls. But it really needs to calm the fuck down on how expensive it's micro transactions are... fucking $20 for a single armor set and 1 color?....
Holy holy is halo infinite
30 year old men are excited.  Erm, yep, I am.
So true
As a 31 year old man. I am indeed *very excited!*
Silly Games
Master Chief died for our sins.
15 seconds in and I’m seeing Moses Master Chief meeting Hunchback Master Chief.
Beautiful work
Honestly I love halo infinite but I never know that most still think that halo infinite is bad or “343 ruined halo yet again”
"One, who lives a life of virtue, hath to be prepared for a death from gamers." Gabe, 23-65.
Zamn
Still based master chef he did not do it for it was gay
The one really good game out of the 3 juggernauts of video game series and he gets crucified
I feel bad for halo infinite rn it’s getting some deserved hate but threatening devs was too far people
This is my favorite from them in a while
2:03 I hate that I know where that plane came from.
And when halo infinite said he was thirsty, a soldier handed him a sponge soaked in Mountain Dew.
*“Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment”🏆*
>Biblical gamer parody >uploaded on a Sunday Dare I say, based?
“Even after all you’ve done for them, eventually they will hate you”
Well still love the game but very likely to happen to it sadly🥲
343 raped meee!!
Oh my God I'm old
Someone read the bible
But I don't wanna play oddball
Phenomenal work as always guys!
It reminds me of Dr Encino
Looks like he got caught with his pants down…
And when the world needed him most he Returned
I'm early
This is the state of r/halo
132th comment no one cares but neither do i
Yeah that about sums it all up
As scummy as 4/5 were, at least they didn't charge me 20 bucks for the colour white.
Halo meet red vs blue
no Forge til Season 3 OMEGALUL
The acting  The accent  Perfect 👌👌
Yesss
I'M ROCK FUCKING HARD BABY
This was awesome.
That last bit is so fucking true
“343 raped me!”
Halo infinite > everything
So who is the Judas in this Case!?
WTF
Lmao! 🐸
I love it
I'm interested in this religion.
OMG perfection
Ok
Hmm
0:26 that had me rollin 😂🤣🤣🤣
470 likes and 237 views, YouTube being YouTube, and obviously, 0 dislikes because that's perfection, even if YouTube don't show to us the number of dislikes
None of then are chained to a xbox
Bow before the zoomers
This shits awesome
Bible reference..?
The accent  The acting Perfect 👌👌
Jesus chief saving us
This was great
Oi flashgitz, if you came by this comment, please add more factions in the furry apocalypse series, trust me, it will be dope.
Wow dude
Instant classic
Halo everyone this some good animation
christ
i like flashgitz videos then watch them 100% certain that i will be thoroughly entertained.
jesus halo man
In the search for micro transactions, he stood alone
heheheh wasn't that a fun little animation! Want another? Click here! https://youtu.be/Tk8O7XOTTMg
Finally, a new video! About time hunter let you out of the basement!
Lets talk about raid halo legends free in the App Store
First
This is a purely excellent animation genius, I might say for this.
Truth
Oh yeah, this is poGGers.
*Flashgitz halo video's are very entertaining*
Second
no one gives a fck if you're first it's cringy
And funny
UwU
Gay
BEAUTIFUL
I’m scared
34 👍 2 views  Uplpaded 20 seconds ago... Youtube wake up!
Epic
BELLAMY REPORTING SIR!
Best one yet hahahha this was a video of a generation.
Lame
Another Flashgitz Animation, another good day 😎
Cool
Yes. I've been waiting...
1st
Fr
I love this so much
Noice
I remember this channel from a long long time ago
Master christ
We must not call it 6 we must call it infinite becaayse infinite is much bigger then 6
Bring me furry slaughter fellas!
Ay lmao
I fucking love this
Yuh
first
Yo
Let's gooo
Sssuuuuueeeeeee
2
E
A masterpiece.
Lol
Woooooo flash gitz
Awwwww yeah boi!!!!
Last. Now clap.
Finally!!!
2
Depression.
First
Nice
Sexy
Oh YES
Ay yo
Nice
E
2
2
First??
Yes
First
Cool
FIRST
O
2
First
LETS GOOOOO
Sup
1
