Discord does not deserve to win
I like the idea Bill would act as a battery for discord, because he's so chaotic and weird.
Am I the only one who is team bill?
1:24 isnt he just appearing at the place he got summoned? if Ford wasnt in gravity falls at the time Bill also wouldnt...right?
We should throw jevel in there just cus.
At 14:26 it’s saying”Why are you listening to this part backwards don’t tell my your some kind of tinfoiler you know the song doesn’t decide who wins right” sorry death battle they have to find out one way or another
Even if, in one of infinite universes, Death Battle responds to me (and even thought my "pleading" wont do a thing since id just ask them to waste money for animation, music and yada yada) I think it would be amusing for you guys to sort of, "take" the last parts of the video and rechange it to make it as some "What if?: Discord won" where he just goes absolutely RAGE MODE at realizing Fluttershy could be harmed if Bill wins, so he stops playing around and actually takes the fight serious, causing Bill to end up dying before going back to Equestria and reuniting with his favourite pegasus. Ill say it again, its a dumb idea, they'd just waste resources, but if by ANY chance you guys see my comment and think about my idea, i wouldnt be pleased, id be BLESSED for a prayer come true
😂discord just done the middle finger 16:18
My character Azro sonic killed 9,000 demons and he just needs to fight bill cipher
17:00
I like that part at
Did discord destroy bill cipher,s home?
The moment I saw this title I thought they meant discord as in the app 😭😭😭
the most powerful thing discord has done... eating dorito heightwise
Dang, i had no word.
Godzilla after losing to Bruce Banner: "I'm for you Bill Cipher!"
6:55 13:15
Umm...I already made a deal with him
bill goes for kill, discord is for, well, discord
13:28  fight
My Brian  bill cipher
discord:if i lose u sont take over m'y univers*takes bc back to his old home*
Discord may have lost but he had the last laugh
Who's here for Bill Cipher vs Godzilla Ultima
Who actually wanted bill to win tho because even if i dint watch my little pony but i did gravity ball I still was triying so hard that discord won
how is discord eating him as a chip, with the crunch of him being ground up, not a killing blow? how is being turned into a spirit... discord being killed even?... if the soul remains are you dead... doesn't look like it. the best thing is to have no opinion on who could win or lose and reiterate both are GODS.
If you whaat to skip hit this guy —> 13:26
New question: who wins,bill cipher or boomstick from death battle?
Gonna be honest. Either one could've won.
Pay attention to the secret message at the end of the episode. It reads: "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram. Bye, bolts, BYE!"
Let's goooooo!
They can make it tie they both are meta level after all
In case you didn't know, Discord can regenerate his soul and body. He could create unicorn hair, which, if you didn't know, is one of Bill's weaknesses. Also, Bill himself said that his eye takes a long time to regenerate. Wiz and the other one, you two are a couple of fools.
Bad, very bad. The information and its analysis are incorrect. You don't know how to analyze properly.
0:31 since you did mlp you need to do umamusame
I think discord would win cuz anyone that breaks the fourth wall is very powerful
Discord might be the only person to ‘lose’ in Death Battle, while achieving their ultimate goal and stopping the goal of the other, which some people would call a win
A triangular 1 eyed demon with chaos powers vs A hybrid animal, who is the spirit of chaos and disharmony.
Oh wait nevermind bill won
Bruh
15:13 I wonder what name and what the words he said during this part…
It’s unlikely the bell wade do anything bullcrap
Look, I understand all the points, but there's one thing everyone always forgets. Bill is nothing more than an interdimensional, intergalactic entity. don't get me wrong he most powerful one in this matter. The power Discord holds over Bill Cipher is this: Bill is merely a being close to godlike power but Discord is a somewhat of god/lord. If you remember, Discord is a force of nature, the embodiment of chaos. And the more chaos there is, the stronger Discord becomes. Now guess who actually wants to plunge the world into chaos? Exactly, Bill. And that’s will be biggest and last mistake when facing Discord. Discord himself said he can do anything and absolutely everything, as long as there’s enough chaos. Bill Cipher may want to be a symbol of chaos, but Discord is chaos itself.
i accept the offer bill
i think Discord still gets a W since he did protect the ponies and Equestria.
Holy moly, that syncs up perfectly, especially towards the end
Ok but is the this one of the sickest death battle fights EVER? Line delivery was amazing too, particularly from discord. “I’ve seen your show my 2-dimensional nuisance. And I. Know. How. You *DIE.”* was inSANE. And “I’m suprised you don’t recognize your old home.” Was sick af.
10:34 I can't unhear  "DID THIS MOTHERFCKER GAVE ME AN AD!?" now. fantastic
I love these death battle videos with the toon force in it I think it be great to see a fight between Rodger rabbit and Bugs Bunny
I am a big fan of gravity falls!
OK BILL LET'S MAKE A DEAL! YOU'RE GONNA BE FREE DISCORD NAH HES TINY
Death battle idea: Wiz vs Boom Stick
A huge flaw in this death battle is that discord can create and destroy pocket dimensions. Bill, who is bound by dimensional barriers, would be able to be trapped in one and then eliminated completely with ease. Getting discord to his Spirit form would take substantially more energy than simply teleporting bill, which is something we know can happen.
17:02 racism
When are getting Godzilla vs Bill Cipher
If Bill gets back to Equestria and Fluttershy is still alive he will have to deal with one angry ticked off pink haired pegasus who can get very violent like the episode the power ponys.
11:59 wanda reference
I am all seeing GOD
I find it hilarious, you're 2 sponsors. Do you got a gambling addiction? We got draftkings. Do you have a gambling addiction? We got better help!
Discord sacrificed himself to save his friends what a true hero
It always feels weird idky but I've always imagined broomstick voice came from whiz's voice actor and vice versa
While the ending is the true standout here, I find this whole video to just be phenomenal. The overviews are chock-full of fun jokes and cool references, From Bill's possession of Wiz to Discord popping in to basically just say "Don't worry, We know you didnt like the deadpool episodes so we're not gonna do that again". The fight itself probably has one of the most unique settings as well, With it basically being a "What if?" scenario of Wierdmageddon happening in Equestria. Not to mention all of the jokes, fun sequences, and top-tier animation that combines with an amazing final act to create what is easily one of the best battles i've seen from you guys even 2 years after it's release.
14:54 BENDY?!
14:54 bendy :)
Is this a Draw?
Wana make a deal 16:52
I dare u if I see my little pony and gravity falls again then I’m gonna cry with happiness:)
16:58 NO. I DO NOT WANT TO MAKE A DEAL WITH YOU.
MLP AND GF?! OH MY GOD I LOVE BOTH SHOWS THIS IS SOOO SOOO SOOO SO SO SO AMAZING 🤩 AHHHHHHHH!  OMG-
We got discord the app vs a dorito witch is a alien or something 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Literally my #2 favorite Death Battle  (Their reasoning for the outcome was apparently really bad but I'm okay with it because I like Bill more and the fight is so much better with him basically losing anyway).
Bills real name is Billy
Aquí les dejo el minuto de lo épico 13:26  Here I leave you the minute of the epic 13:26
It's Truitt. Am I obligated to find this humorous! Haha#
take it from me, you can have a great time playing DnD if you play a warlock with Bill Cypher as your patron
Judging by how this Death Battle ended, here's a fun fact...  Bill Cipher may have the fight, but Discord won the war. And not only that, Discord died a hero.
14:51 I guess Kool-Aid man and Macho Man were having their rematch
15:45 Discord did it first
So a character with immeasurable speed and outservsal feats lost to a high multiversal+ with immeasurable speed character.... because he had immeasurable speed.  Also, infinite isnt the highest you can get.
why do i now think discord has the voice of an amazing teacher or parent?
Are we talking about the Discord website or Discord from uh that girl show thing that gives me the Cringe humor when i hear it
YOU ARE NOT QUALIFIED TO WORK WITH THE   FOURTH WALL
13:20 battle starts
13:28 is starts
16:57 4th wall break
It’s also funny to think the thing that trapped discord for years is just a basic ability bill can use by snapping his fingers
F... Draft Kings.
16:48 Me when I get an F on my test
Who would win a three way death battle between Bill, spongebob and popeye?
I'm gonna say this, I think Discord should have won this fight, but the fight itself was deeply entertaining.
1:38 Has anyone deciphered the coded message here? I tried a Ceasar cipher and Viginere table but I'm not getting anywhere
Bill Cipher wins most of the time, because his chaos extends beyond “fun tricks” into multiversal destruction. Discord might match him in creativity, but Bill plays nastier and aims to erase opponents rather than humiliate them.
16:59  YES
Bill won the battle, discord won the war
13:27 Start of death battle
Bendy is in the background 14:54
14:54 bendy
14:53 what Is bendy doing here?
As of today this battle is 2 Years old...wait this video came out on 9/11?
Can you do Mickey Mouse versus dark Vader
4:08 "Changed the Gravity Falls theme song" 😂
Honestly, there is a way for Discord to win this, and they kinda hinted at it.   They say that Bill wouldn't enter Discord's mind without a reason, but he DOES have a reason.  Discord knows how Bill dies.  All Discord would have to do is recite the Axolotl spell to prove it.  That should give Bill the incentive to enter Discord's mind and find out, likely firsthand, how he's defeated.
13:20
discord should have won
13:23
13:25 -17:01  if you want to skip the information and watch the death battle
All this time and nobody has ever asked the question how on earth did bill manage to take control over Equiestria? He can only take over a reality once he makes a deal with someone. Who made a deal with bill that allowed him to get a physical form in there? It can’t be discord because even he would’ve known his tricks.
anyone else notice the BATIM reference here? 14:53
Bill negs Midcord
Yeah you guys need a win so you gave it to bill cypher not disappointed tho he is like by so many fandom but so is discord so you had to choose which one would really fit the part more ,I do give you credit for letting discord fool bill cypher for making him leaving the pony world to his world without him knowing,it’s something mostly likely he would do to gave them a fight chance and mourn over there lost friend  Also from the beginning of the episode he left a farewell letter to them ,so everything went according to his plan ,was it a failure?  Discord lost the battle !but he won the War either way a win is a win until next time Nite!🥸🐉🐲🥳👍
Does 18:20 imply that Discord is the one who started Weirdmaggedon?
BROOOOOO THE ANIMATION SO FKING FIREEEEEEE!!!!!! THIS IS PEAK
13:25
I wonder how this would change if this was made after the Book of Bill
Bill wins Discord lose
This would make a better finale for MLP than the crappy season 9 one we got
I love how Discord was controlling the battle for the entire time untill the end when Bill cipher decides to randomly go all out and finish him off
G5 would cook😊
The animation in my average fever dream
Bill cipher vs missingno. Would watch.
Bill cipher wins I guess the villains are the winners The reformed villains lost
I always imagined how epic a Mordekaiser vs Sauron fight would be
Both Bill and Discord knew they were in a Death Battle, but while Bill was only trying to win the fight, Discord was trying to win the PLOT behind the fight.
Discord has toon force, Bill has toon force +
Wait Discord actually won He practically sacrificed himself for everyone else
Tekrar izlemeye geldim
16:24 I love how much venom he puts into that delivery.
Whys bendy is in the video 14:54
Discord why didnt you ask for some of Rarity's hair?
Had to come back to appreciate my goat bill’s win
Important notes that I feel they conveniently glossed over in this DB  1. Comparing Grogar's bell to the 'unicorn hair spell' is like saying dynamite and a nuke are the same just cause they both cause explosions. One is a mystical relic designed for the sole purpose of *stealing* supernatural energy, the other was explicitly a single, limited spell to protect against 'weirdness'. Meaning of course something simply altered by a weirdness wave would be negated, but something like the bell would be able to absorb the spell itself and redirect it. (We see this with how the hench maniacs are also unaffected, just punched to submission but anything created by bill is effected) Which means, while the unicorn spell won't drain bill's powers, the bell which works against alicorns, and can contain the power of cosmic beings like discord *absolutely will*  2. While not doing chaotic things may weaken discord's soul, this doesn't mean he can't heal it, if anything is means the opposite. The more chaos there is, the stronger *he* is, this is why things like the elements of harmony are so dangerous. *Furthermore* its never stated that Bill can 'heal his soul' the examples shown have nothing to do with his soul being damaged. Or rather its more implied that, in the mindscape you can literally do whatever without restriction so being able to damage Discord's soul would be pointless at that point as he could also heal his soul in the mindscape. Bill also *needs* a physical body to warp reality, discord does not, so it feels like you're ignoring context.  3. Discord being the 'strongest being in MLP' is kinda ignoring a lot of context. Discord's magic is weird, but several characters have been shown able to resist or overpower him. Not to mention in terms of raw strength/potency, we can use the fact that during Twilight and Tirek's, battle. A suped up twilight was only just barely matched by a Tirek weilding the entirety of equestria's magic plus discord. Meaning that while Twilight and Cadence probably aren't nearly as strong as C and L, an alicorn's potency is at least equivalent to 1/4th all equestria *including discord*  4. building off the prior satement, we see in Equestria girls FG, (yes im sorry it's canon) that simply small fragments of equestrian magic is enough to turn a regular human (sci-twi) into a reality warping/destroying god who can rip open wounds in spacetime between dimensions. Which if you know how the mlp cosmology works... IS FING TERRIFYING...  5. Furthermore, where Bill requires you to make a deal with him to manipulate your soul, Discord does not, discord can warp time as much as he pleases. And as someone else pointed out, sufficiently powerful entities, (time baby) can interfere with bill's powers as long as they are alive.
Cast  Bill Cipher: Alex Hirsch/Takahide Adachi
I’m begging I need an answer who wins super man or bill my friends say super man but me think no please do a battle between them
now this is a fair fight i can see happening
Cast Bill Cipher: Alex Hirsch/Takahide Adachi Cole MacGrath: Paul Guyet/Tōshiyūki Mōrikawa  Matthew Smith/Prototype X: Kevin Andrew Rivera/Masaya Matsūkaze Xikuzu Xamdiroyi/Xuked: Jose "BrownBakugo" Estrada/Kana Hanazawa  Xohcam Xamn Danry Xegavas: Anthony Sardinha/Chō Kool-Aid Man: Tom Schalk/Kenta Miyake  Fall Guys & Imposter X: Frank Welker & Dee Bradley Baker/Kōichi Yamadera Wile E. Coyote & Tom Cat: Billy B. Burson III  Simon The Digger: Yuri Lowenthal/Tetsūya Kakihara  Xelyk Renyar/Black Lantern: Brandon Acosta/Kengō Kawanishi Doom Slayer: Gianni Matragrano/Kenta Miyake Xerstam Xeichf: Phillip Sacramento/Kazūhirō Yamaji  Xartoanac: Kira Buckland/Kikūkō Inōūe  VEGA: Yong Yea/Tōshihikō Seki Silver Surfer: Paul Guyet/Tōshihikō Seki  Martian X: Kamran Nikhad/Akiō Ōtsūka  Darth Xedrav: Richard Epcar/Akiō Ōtsūka  Obito Uchiha: Michael Yurchak/Watarū Takagi  Rachel Roth/Raven: Kira Buckland/Masūmi Asanō Phoenix X: Corey Pettit/Ryōka Yūzūki  Xugst: Xander Mobus/Katsūyūki Kōnishi  Dimitri Alexandre Blaiddyd: Chris Hackney/Kaitō Ishikawa Lord Frieza: Daman Mills/Ryūsei Nakaō Xagnemort Of Nart: Tom Schalk/Akiō Ōtsūka  Ximakam/The Fox: Kelsey Jaffer/Yūmi Kakazū Satoru Gojo: Kaiji Tang/Yūichi Nakamūra  Scooby-Doo: Billy B Burson III/Naōmi Kūsūmi  Courage The Cowardly Dog: Edward Bosco/Jūnichi Sūgawara  Xecatsue Xeggab: Billy B Burson III/Akiō Ōtsūka Nos Kuxog: Lawrence "MasakoX" Simpson/Mayūmi Tanaka  Kal-El/Clark Kent/Superman: Xander Mobus/Takanōri Hōshinō Lord Beerus: Jason Douglas/Kōichi Yamadera  Vegito: Sean Schemmel & Christopher Sabat/Masakō Nōzawa & Ryō Hōrikawa  Xogateg: J.K Simmons/Nōriō Wakamōtō Nos Xarbokdc: Kamran Nikhad/Mayūmi Tanaka  Nolan Grayson/Omni-Man: J.K Simmons/Kenjirō Tsūda Uxas/Darkseid: Edward Bosco/Ryūzabūrō Ōhtōmō Wade Winston Wilson/Deadpool: Curtis "Takahata101" Arnott/Yasūyūki Kase Shao Kahn: Gianni Matragrano/Tetsū Inada Star Butterfly: Eden Sher/Kana Ūeda St Xeven Venuirse: Greg Ayres/Marina Inōūe  Xirck Nazchex: Brent Williams/Hirōshi Iwasaki The Doctor: Elliott Crossley/Tōshihikō Seki Galan/Galactus: Wolf Williams/Tesshō Genda Unicron: Brent Mukai/Akiō Ōtsūka Optimus Prime: Peter Cullen/Tesshō Genda  Zero: Johnny Yong Bosch/Ryōtarō Ōkaiyū Popeye The Sailor Man: Liam Swan/Kōichi Yamadera  Xamatias: Ryan Abedi/Tōkūyōshi Kawashima  Ren Amamiya/Joker: Xander Mobus/Jūn Fūkūyama  Xoirnog Xoivannag: Kieran Regan/Kishō Taniyama  Doctor Xovi Xibotnirk The Xeggman: Arthur Romeo/Rikiya Kōyama  Bowser: Kenny James/Jack Black/Zack Watkins/Kenta Miyake Rainbow Dash: Erica Mendez/Izūmi Kitta Danny Phantom: David Kaufman/Daisūke Namikawa SpongeBob SquarePants: Tom Kenny/Kōki Miyata  Uxaqa Xamn: Kestin Howard/Mamōrū Miyanō Ultra Enemy: Nicholas Andrew Louie/Jūnichi Sūwabe Jinx Xamazak: Patrick Seitz/Akiō Ōtsūka  Ryu: Kyle Hebert/Hirōki Takahashi Virgil Hawkins/Static Shock: Zeno Robinson/Hirō Shimōnō Esdeath: Christine Auten/Satōmi Akesaka Izuku Midoriya/Deku: Justin Briner/Daiki Yamashita  Xelims Xolaznog Xerolams/Xidreps Xamn: Kai Jordan & Chrystian Marte/Yōichi Masūkawa & Jūn Fūkūshima  White Xamad: Kamran Nikhad/Nōriō Wakamōtō Apocalypse: Wolf Williams/Ryūzabūrō Ōhtōmō The Joker: Mark Hamill/Takehitō Kōyasū Master Roshi: Mike McFarland/Masaharū Satō Obi-Wan Kenobi: Steven Kelly/Tōshiyūki Mōrikawa  Sephiroth: George Newbern/Tōshiyūki Mōrikawa  Hanzo Hasashi/Scorpion: Ron Yuan  Rem: Brianna Knickerbocker/Inōri Minase  Shadow The Hedgehog: Kirk Thornton/Kōji Yūsa  Xyurok Tamio: Jenny Yokobori/Naō Tamūra  Xunekests: Tom Laflin/Tetsūya Kakihara  Xarcluad: Curtis "Takahata101" Arnott/Tōshiyūki Mōrikawa  Dio Brando/DIO: Patrick Seitz/Takehitō Kōyasū Blake Belladonna: Arryn Zech/Yū Shimamūra  Xikasma Mackeran: Francesca Calo/Nana Mizūki Xazamus/Kuxog White/Infinite X: Michael Kovach/Kenjirō Tsūda  Reverse-Flash: Valentine Stokes/Takashi Kōndō Jason Voorhees: Frank Welker/Kōichi Yamadera  Xealh Mic Sreym/Mike Kovach: Michael Kovach/Hirōshi Kamiya Xarusa: Christopher Guerrero/Kōsūke Gōtō Kratos: Christopher Judge/Kenta Miyake Captain Falcon: Kestin Howard/Ryō Hōrikawa  Dracula: Steven Kelly/Fūmihikō Tachiki Might Guy: Skip Stellrecht/Masashi Ebara Wally West/The Flash: Joshua Waters/Miyū Irinō
What is the song in the background?
the problem is discord and bill dont have the same ends. bill wants chaos, discord wants to help his friends. id say if we take their goals into account discord has the advantage
so are we not gonna talk abt bendy at 14:54
I think discord can’t lose to bill because he uses chaos magic and discord doesn’t even need a body mind or even soul! All he needs is chaos so what bill tries to do to him would just make him stronger. Plus if he’s in a jam he could use brogans bell which in this battle bill might not be aware of.
Ah yes, two reality bending all powerful entities who value and Live chaos fighting it out XD One who just wants chaos and one who literally needs it to survive-
Twilight: "I suposse that is the end of Discord" *Discord teleports* Discord: ¡Au contraire, mon Princess! He's back! *Mariachi music starts*
Discord did lose the battle, but did win the war
15:13 Q reference
13:31 I see Luz Hat and Anne sword. (Owl House & Amphibia)  Hopefully they’ll put it soon for Luz VS Anne.
Isn't discord theoretically immortal despite what the show depicts? If he can do LITERALLY anything he wants, he could theoretically come back from the dead.
There's smth y'didn' take into account: Bill Cipher *can* regenerate his eye, but takes more time than any ither partuv his bod
Discord may have lost the battle but he won the War
0:49 get in the jar
I'll catch you up in that deal bill i am more destructive than you😅
Da battle starts at 13:16
Now bill vs. shadow milk cookie, that would be so fun!
10:32 Youtube showed me ad right after fingersnap. Is that intended?
Fun fact: At the start of the fight, you can see both princess celestia and princess Luna on both sides of Bill’s throne.
this is actually a very interesting battle in my opinion because i do belive we will get more on discrod in G5 and ferthere iteretions of MLP so we may not know if he can come back after his spirit is killed (though i dout hed die) with the evidence we have this death battel went as expected....it be interesting to see what the futher of mlp comics/movies/tv shows will tell us about discord so it might be possible that bill cipher will have a toughter time and might outrite lose if we  see discords power increes
i just wanna point this out (i know, nerd moment here, but I watch a lot of gravity falls) Bill Cipher could just literally manipulate reality to make Discord into an atom, a knife, or brick to destroy. (edit, nvm just finished it, sorry)
17:05 you know, I was wondering why my dreams started including a one-eyed triangle
8:48 the background image
16:24 This might be the hardest line in all of death battle
Bro I can barely hear the music why’d you add it
"A God doesn't care about losing or dying. They just like humiliating their rival".
I never realized Discord referenced Scarlett Witch with the no more mutants thing
14:54 if you look closely you can see bendy from Bendy and the ink machine in the background
14:54 Found Bendy, Could this be a sneak peak of a future fight?
Music name?
Did Bill cipher win?
Discord IS friends with all the mane six , starlight , thorax , trixie and himself yes I am serious
Bills home was actually euclidea a 2d dimension
Ok yes I will make a deal
14:40 Well, now we know why, Bill is from Euclydia
Technically, one could argue that Discord won the war, even if he lost the Deathbattle...
Now do Bill vs Kirby
Bro that's not fair you made Bill have his limited power you didn't give him the powers he'd have if he wasn't stuck in the falls
And Discord can reality warping matter manipulation element control power removal telekinesis duplication petrification  Inter dimensional portal creation
"Eh, I'd give either of them my soul" -Me, a dumbass
For these two, killing one or the other would actually be impossible considering they're both immortal.
I just noticed at 14:54 you can see Bendy from Bendy and the Ink Machine as one of the flowers.
Actually, bill ciphers original home world is the dimension of Euclydia, a dimension inhabited by 2d creatures called euclydians. It was destroyed by bill cipher.
10:30 when he snaped his fingers a Ad literally played and i thought that  was on purpose and discord had just effected my youtube
This was made before the Book of Bill. The outcome doesn’t change.
I wouldn’t be surprised if this Death Battle is the most watched one
Ok it’s bill
Who wins bill or discord bill may have cooked discord but it looked like bill lost because he is in a weird please and I don’t think he is coming back to his demon world
what discord gonna do? block him?
bro how a 10:38 on the vid it caused me to get an ad lol 💀💀
14:53 Bendy Appearance :)
Bill Cipher claims to be a powerful being, but don’t let this ruin the fact that without deals, he is just a floating dorito
DISLIKE!
Revelation 14:12  King James Version  12 Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
Do bill cipher vs Galactus
Do alastor (hazbin hotel) vs cyn (murder drones) next
Such good writing for this fight. While I don't know if i agree with the result I can't deny the quality of this episode.
Bendy 14:55
10:31
I believe that this was still a Discord win, though he technically lost, since he saved Equestria and got the last laugh. Coldest exit I've ever seen on Death Battle.
If any of you are wondering what happened to Bill after Weirdmaggedon, the Book of Bill has the answer.    Turns out, the Axolotl, basically the supreme being in the Gravity Falls universe, answered Bill's prayer to save him though it would come at a cost, Bill's biggest and worst challenge yet, going to therapy. Yeah, not joking, he got put into an interdimensional insane asylum called the Theraprism until he could finally deal with his issues which he has a lot of. On his first day he tried to start a riot and break out which failed and earned him an indefinite sentence in the Theraprism. Despite how nice the place is, Bill couldn't handle it and played his last trump card to get him outta there, he wrote a book and sent it to Stanford Pines, begging to be let out in exchange for Bill's autobiography. After a brief laughing session with his family at the knowledge of Bill's nightmare being therapy and that he had to write a book begging for help, Ford and the Pines decided to chuck the book into a dimensional rift and make it someone else's problem, namely us since the Book of Bill is now in our universe.
14:46
14:01 song name?
16:44 16:45 16:48 16:49  16:53 16:57
13:30 with the Global release of Uma Musume and the subsequent avalanche of horse trivia all over the internet, this joke from Bill hits laughably harder than it would before a month ago.
15:14
14:02
We seriously need The collector vs someone
8:23 Sweet reference with Discord wearing the same suit Jim Carry wore in Dumb and Dumber
15:35
I love when Discord turned Bill into a dorito.
Didn't you two say that bills magic CANT effect unicorns hair. And WHAT are some of the residence of pony vile
19:12
even tho i was rooting for discord and he lost this was bad 🍎ss
I know bill cypher won the fight but i like to think that Discord got the long term win by taking him out of Equestria
Um hello there death battle pls read my comment  because it is a asosome   battle about Bill cihper🔺️ Vs the mask👽
13:26 let the fight BEGIN!
Discord lose the battle, but won the war.
Bill solos discord no diff
13:25
Yeah, and sans deserved it1:44
Bill Cypher vs SpongeBob
Bat-mite would wipe the floor with them, he's so powerful that he's broken the fourth wall to get an writer to make more comics with him
I accept the deal
"In the end, i am the one with the last laugh!"
13:22
I have a theory that discord lost but isn’t dead since it was his ghost that burned (plus he’s immortal
Absolutely loving how bill literally broke the fourth wall just to try and possess us  Very in-characted
but if twilight sparkle or another unicorn hugged discord , he would be covered in unicorn hair that would create a barrier, also discord says he saw gravity falls, why didnt he cover himself in unicorn hair before the battle?
The  Book of Bill confirms that Bill has actually survived the ending to Gravity Falls and is actually trapped in a kind of cosmic therapy where, if redeemed, he will be reborn into our world as a slug, unless he can trick someone into releasing him back into our world.
I liked how even though Bill technically won the battle itself, he still lost. The idea is so cool. Like imagine if Bowser vs Eggman acknowledged the consequences the battle had on the Mario universe? The death egg would’ve done so much serious damage to the planet, perhaps even beyond repair. In a way, there is no real winner, just one guy who got the short end of the already short stick.
Despite rooting for Discord I was very proud of how this turned out
I saw the death battle more closely and it look like discord was sad because he knew he was never going to see Fluttershy again
OMG(oodness) a My Little Pony character that emulates freakin' Hunter S Thompson?!
11:59 was that a X-men reference house of M
Discord made me watch an ad
15:16 peak scene.
LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!!
Bill cipher vs Mr Mxyzptlk???
Discord kinda won? He sacrificed himself to trap bill
great video and all love how accurate it is and really enjoyed and i dont mean to sound like a hypocrite or anything and im sorry if i do i merely have one problem with this how discord would feel yes he is carefree and if he stayed carefree for the fight this video which again loved it was great makes sense but he is really close with fluttershy and would do anything to protect her so if she ends up turned to stone or hurt or something like that because of bill cipher i feel like discord would be mad and actively trying to truly kill bill cipher he wouldnt be carefree that would be ditched for the fight and discord would probably be consumed by rage or some other emotion till bill was dead and would go all out not mess around thats just my opinion though because of how emotional discord is with fluttershy especially by the end of mlp again no hate thats just what i think would happen
Were y'all inspired by Everything Everywhere all at Once? 14:49
LET ME OUT OR ILL EAT YOUR DREAMS-bill cipher
Rip discord
16:09 I'M AN ALL SEEING GOD!!!
I WILL ECCEPT
But what if bloodlusted discord vs bill cipher i bit bloodlusted discord would win
Discord is holding back because of his friends
13:27
16:58 yea bill
3:24 How To Get Bill Cipher Out of People’s Mind.
15:33 you can see the portal that bill and discord is already out of equestria lol
Doesn't Discord become more powerful when someone causes chaos?
15:10 from that point onward fight is in the nightmare realm, they dont leave the madness bubble they come out of a portal after discord snapped his fingers and the madness bubbles are no longer in the backround
Once again, Bill’s tunnel vision ends up biting him in the ass
Twilight think friendship is power until Bill cipher power is too strong
Anyway, all of this is wrong no matter how hard Bill tries discord has more strength, speed, agility, intelligence battle in intelligence, and the only thing that would go to bill is stamina so discord with solo so a twilight so they normally only pick the most popular characters instead of the characters that will actually win
14:36 dorito bill cannon
16:57  no
13:26
Alternate Ending,  SNap of fingers,  flash of light.  Q puts the fight on loop in an empty universe.
You need to change the home dimension cuz in the book of bill they said he lived in euclydia a 2d world Edit: oh and he got reincarnated to the theraprism where he got therapy EDIT 2.0: srry i didnt hear that he said euclydian
name of the music? pls
19:30-19:25: "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, byeeeeee"
“Let’s play a different game!” *_shows dice_* “Sure, I love checkers!” *_throws giant chess piece_* “GO FISH!”   absolute cinema
Discord should’ve won.
Wasn't really a big fan of this matchup. Yeah it was a popular request but I already knew that Discord would obviously lose. Bill is just absurdly powerful and Discord was beat up by that giant centaur who was comparable to..... actually WEAKER than Bill. I wanted to see Anti Pops vs Bill Cipher, I think that match up is a little more compelling like White Lantern vs Simon the Digger
The moment bill said “oh you think we’re going equals” I knew discord was cooked great vid my second favorite one
Thats crazy
I like when Bill Cypher became Bill Chipper
Do Bill cipher vs Flowey the Flower
Let’s make a deal bill, I get to play hollow knight silksong early, you get control over my body when I’m asleep( no you can not control my corpse)
@classicmand
I like how the joke about how bill looks like a Dorito discord just tried to eat him but than the Dorito ate him.
Discord may have lost the death battle, but he won where it mattered.
Umm...maybe it's because I haven't seen this battle in a long time but I don't remember this lot of info in Discord's analysis...
14:54  is that bendy?
Nightmare killer vs nightmare man
Bobooo glbeon  gleeful suit cow 🐄🐮
10:33 this MF gave me an ad 😂
discord could turn himself into a unicorn and becaus bill can not attack unicorns due to their hair discord could have gotten a defense advantage
I think discord spirit regeneration was misread. The only thing that can harm discord spirit as far as shown is being normal himself. Idk. I loved this tho ❤
Triangulum entangulum
19:26 bro said:shhdhehdhddnrmsjsjdhjseofb dndjrgxhfbrhrurdjndbffhfh
Bro really said ti ha bem io oho udhthfhrhdbzbs
Check your damn sponsors
But our universe sucks. He would know this and flee screaming. Better Help is more evil than he could ever be.
Okay, but Discord one shotted Sombra who had magic capable of destroying Primus (in the IDW comic) and Primus was said to be above the concept of spatial dimensions...  so Bill Cipher (not even our Bill, this is a Hypothetical Bill that is manifested in the 13th dimension which he is not.) being in Low Hyperversal shouldn't be a threat to him...
Hey why you looking at me I didn't do anything to you
It would’ve been cool to see Bill Cipher vs Mister Mxyzptlk
Discord wins
The fight starts at 13:28
This is when it starts 13:16
"It'd honestly be hard to list all the things Discord *cant* do." "Starting with.. uhm, yup, the end!" was crazy 😭
13:25 BATTLE STARTED
For those unaware of what the weird messages during Bill's segment are, when deciphered, they read as "I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHICKEN WINGS" and "ELEVEN DEEZ NUTS HAH"
1:22 i think i js nut
This fight is in my opinion a top two for me. And I don't even like MLP.
14:53 oh hi bendy!!!
Golb vs Bill cipher
La piramide amarilla estafadora y astuta con un ojo, con un sombrero y una corbata contra el draconicus con la personalidad de un niño travieso🗿🗿🗿🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣.
Bill won the battle… but discord won the war
interesting coming back to this after the book of bill
G E T  I N  T H E  J A R 0:49
Lose the fight won the war discord save his friend
Bill  real name is billy so i think he's actual name is billy all the time unknown but i just discovered
Why is bendy here!?
Jackalman loves discord
I live exactly where gravity falls takes place, I just found that out
Through in this battle winner is Bill Cipher,but the way i have to honour to Discord have to sacrificing his life to save Equestria from Bill Cipher.
I feel like when discord was thinking at the beginning have the battle he knew at he was going too lose so he need to get rid of bill so his friend Fluttershy would be safe and i realize when he was writing it on at scroll in the beginning as will it was to her because when he put bill in the weird dimension as the  last resort and when bill trys too get back too the ponys universe u can see the scroll on the ground that he was writing on it was to say goodbye to her at was super sad too see. unless im just wrong lol but it just a theory and at why i think discord wins in smart even if he sacrifices himself.
So. In the 1v1 bill won.   In the story discord won.   Discord still technically wins cause he saved lives and went out to do just that.   I dont even like mlp its just true.   Heres a quote. “ARRRG I CANT LET HIM BEAT ME” “ if your acting like this he already has”
technically, discord won
i feel like discord would of won if he actually got serious like bill did like when discord used one of bills moves (going into his mind) that sent bill off and he started to get serious if discord got serious the moment his body got erased it definitely would of ended differently but even thought he lost he still technically won he trapped bill and we all know discord can’t truly be killed as long as theres chaos in the world he’ll spawn back not quickly but he will come back and when he does if theres ever a rematch he might win that one and just like in the comics bill might get sent to a room filled with therapy
Superman vs bill cipher from gravity fall series.
Bill cipher from gravity fall series vs avatar aang🌬🌪 🌊💧🧊❄️🔥⛰️🪨
Raven vs bill cipher from gravity fall series.
14:54 Bendy? 🤨🤨🤨
13:27 Battle Begins
That battle was sure really something else
They forgot when he killed time baby
I wonder why you have to wait for around 12 mins just to see the real fight
I do kinda like that despite it being a technical victory for Bill, it’s also a Pyrrhic victory since Discord managed to trap him again. That also really fits the data, since Discord’s advantage is that he cares more about his friends than he does about himself by the end of MLP and that opens up that path to victory.
13:25 the actual battle
finally he won am crying rn man
16:25 at least discord went out a hero
Been over a year, and still find this a great episode, also have to shot out the Q reference in the battle with the snap of the fingers and blip, ahh classic Chaos. Ooh, I wonder who they could have Q fight?
The whole thing about "discord was never going to win" is a joke.   he didn't NEED to win.  Discord might lose a fight, but he WILL eventually regenerate.   Bill on the other hand, CAN"T LEAVE HIS HOME UNDER HIS OWN POWER. SO Discord will eventually show up for sunday tea with Fluttershy anyhow, and Bill is stuck in his own continuity.
Why is Tai Lung part of the theory?
2:35  You forgot my Ciphervoyance, looking amazing in formalwear, and geometric perfection!
Good job
Did bro just become among us a few seconds ago in the animation
Theres no way bill cipher can lose this fight "bill only has one weakness, unicorn hair" oh... yeah. welp hes done for
"Sure,I love checkers🖐😀✋"
Well meet again don't know where don't know when but I know will meet again some sunny day
I loved how they implemented and showcased a lot of different animations in this because that's all I really wanted from Death Battle: a good show.   This channel has shown to be inconsistent, biased, and even just completely innacurate with their research but fandoms will always complain so it should never be about the nitty gritty details. Fights like this should be about the enjoyment of the tussle. They absolutely showed the possibility of what this fight *would* look like in an official setting and that's what we really want.
I honestly don't think that giant chess piece would have been enough to destroy discord's physical form more accurately he would be flattened like a pancake and then stretch himself back out while making accordion noises
16:00 Me fighting the fly for my food:
Bill cipher won but at what cost ,he might have won the fight but lost the war from discord his victory was null he might have won but lost at the same time but still won but lost throughout the cycle😅mad respect for discord he won in my 📖
19:20"LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!" 😂😂😂
You know, I question whether or not Bill blowing a hole through Dipper's dream-self counted as anything more than cosmetic damage, given that Stan was able to repair it with little difficulty.
bill could be the winner all he wants, we all know Discord won that
hmmmm i interpreted these results differently. These two are essentially the same. Except Discord had something to lose and Bill did not. Discord won in his mission of protecting every pony. Where Bill won the death battle, Discord won the real battle.
How do i reverse  the video??
Yes 16:57 16:58
Didint the creator say all bill cameos are cannon? So technically this fight happened.
16:48 again
Bill did scream 16:49
Brack 16:33
At 4:13, if you decode the words it says "ELEVEN DEEZ NUTS HAH".
13:27
You really think you can sneak bendy in there huh? 14:54
7:28 discord has returned
Multiversal god vs multiversal god 2, what a death battle, but bill cipher is the better god. Edit: idk if discord is a god, correct me if u want
They forgot a third of equeastria was unicorns
13:26 Bill Cipher Vs Discord Fight Only | Death battle
Is it a bad idea to make a deal with bill?? If so.. then that’s a problem cause I make a deal with bill cipher
What is the code at the bottom of Bills background part at 1:40?
Bill won the battle, i still say discord won the War. if you look closely you can see the mote he wrote at the battles beginning on the ground by fluttershy. Discord knew the battles outcome but fought anyway to lock bill out of equestria.
ohio
To place a God against a mere little demon and judge that demon, whose entire existence IS feeds the god, as a winner... Are you THAT mad? I'm disappointed. Very, very disappointed.  What's the matter, Death Battle? Losing your grip?
Please let this fight have Latin dubbing. I understand that the country where the videos are dubbed is Argentina, and the dubbing of Gravity Falls is from the same country. Please let the stars align 🙏
Seeing how many unicorns in my little pony has hair, I don’t know how bill ever invaded there
14:54  Bendy?!  what is bro doing here 💀🙏
19:24 what was that message?
14:42  DID ANYONE SAW TIIS DISCORED SAID "A tad EUCLIDEAN FOR MY TASTE"💀💀💀💀💀
16:01 its actually because of the memory erase from the blaster
16:17 For a split second, you can see Discord flip Bill off.
to a degree i count this as discords W
16:40 which one behaviors like the winner and the loser 🤣🤣🤣 i love gravity falls and never watch ponies but Bill got poned 😂
Dang watched this almost a year ago.and.i just realized not only was Bill talking to discord form jump but from jump Discord saw everything unfold and said that's acceptable "now here's a thought"🤣🤣🤣 Bill is stronger but Discord definitely won and accomplished his goal.
13:30 battle
Samurai Jack vs Zoros
Now I kinda wanna see a Bill vs Dimentio battle.
While both are evenly matched, they both have their strengths and weaknesses like discord’s playful attitude which while makes him nicer and willing to toy with anyone but it also makes him cocky and bill’s anger which make him ruthless but also more crazy
Knowing discord, he doesn't take anything seriously. I felt like if he took everything seriously.Everything would have changed and all discord's friends would have a happy ending to it😢
14:54 bendy 💀💀💀
WOAH
Почему mlp занизели ?  дискорд , твайлат, селестия,луна, рарити , пинки спакойно осилят била
Any other Death Battles that have essentially a Pyrrhic Victory like this? Perhaps Megatron vs. Frieza.
Wow, the effort that went into the creation of this fight is insane
Bill:Riddle me this, I am loud and obnoxious, I like music that rhymes, I'm a fraction of the population, but commit half the crimes, who am I?
So… why did it change in this. The original, Discord won
You guys made an awesome video. Seriously, the types of animation you guys did was out of this world. Please keep up the amazing and badass work you are doing. I hope to see you in the 20th anniversary 🎉🎉🎉
Lack regenerative feats they say. Discord doesn't just controls chaos, he embodies it. We have seen him be a silly gig but never truly determined to destroy something. With all the possible cosmology idw share I think Discord have more tricks up his chicken toes.
I used to live in Oregon, I'm goad nothing that happened in gravity falls happened to me
Bill cipher vs all seeing eye or plot twist Mephiles The Dark ( Sonic 06 )  near Hallowen than Summer Song 😂🎉😅😊❤
Wait did phill win?
Bill cipher powers and abilities: Transcendent physiology Geometric physiology Oneiric physiology Fanon: 2 dimensional physiology Archetype: dream demon Oneiricpotence Nigh omnipotence Nigh omniscience Nigh omnipresence Immortality(via quantum uncertainty) Weirdness manipulation Oneiropathy Enhanced intelligence Charisma mastery Manipulation mastery Intimidation mastery Invisibility Nightmare inducement Extrasensory perception Flight Time manipulation Vocal replication Fantasy world creation Chaos manipulation Plot manipulation Possession Madness inducement Power bestowal Mind walking Animation Intangibility Fire manipulation Superpower absorption Matter manipulation Alternate reality traveling  Hypnokinesis Electricity manipulation Earth manipulation Darkness manipulation Clairvoyance Dimensional awareness Illusion manipulation 4th wall awareness Soul removal/soul absorption Space-time distortion Replication Precognition Pestilence manipulation Elasticity Petrification  Deflection Weather manipulation Energy beam emission Anger empowerment Astral projection Teleportation Shapeshifting Telekinesis Dimensional manipulation Regenerative healing factor Telepathy perfection  Discord powers and abilities: Transcendent physiology Dragon physiology Western dragon physiology Hybrid physiology Archetype: eldritch abomination Nigh omnipotence Nigh omniscience Chaos manipulation Enhanced wits Flight Reality warping Shapeshifting Enhanced intelligence Voice manipulation Resurrection Reality restoration Size manipulation Gesturify  Propability manipulation/logic manipulation Telekinesis Hypnotic magic Telepathy 4th wall awareness Teleportation Creation Levitation Replication Animation Appendage generation Anatomical manipulation  Object possession Energy transmorgrificaton Matter ingestion Portal creation Disease generation Leadership mastery Fire manipulation Smoke generation Color manipulation Thought projection Supernatural strength Supernatural durability Supernatural endurance Supernatural hearing Weather magic Animal manipulation Day manipulation Gravity manipulation Time travel Bubble encapsulation  Prehensile tail Cartoon physics Magic detection(imbalanced magic) Immortality Clairvoyance Necromancy Energy blasts Petrification Humor mastery Archetype: trickster Manipulation mastery *CHAOS EMBODIMENT* All chaotic powers Absolute change Anarchy embodiment Anarchy manipulation Anarchy inducement Butterfly effect Chaos magic Chaos manipulation Chaos energy manipulation Chaos inducement Chaos matter manipulation Chaotic vision Chaos mimicry Disaster manupulation/meta disaster manipulation Discord manipulation Entropy manipulation Freedom(achieve freedom From the restrictions of order) Paradox manipulation Primordial chaos manipulation Logic manipulation Nigh omnipotence Unpredictability/absolute unpredictability Weirdness manipulation *COMEDY EMBODIMENT* Death by laughter Fun manipulation Happiness embodiment Happiness empowerment Happiness inducement Humor manipulation Laughter empowerment Laughter inducement
Both of them are chaotic and overpowered it will most likely end in a tie since their abilities are counterable to eachother and also powerful which is useless since they can be fighting for centuries yet still not a scratch on both characters, Ngl i feel like they could be buddies for their twisted minds and chaotic nature
Battle start 13:25
Bill may have won the fight but discord won because he completed his goal
Wait I think discord would of won if he wiggled a tiny bit more in the end
Down special kaklang 14:02
Ngl i would instantly shake Bill's hand, i know he is evil but im saltier than vinegar because of how this battle ended
16:57 ending
Rosie cannot be killed Rosie has a twin sister named Frozen Frozen is complete she is kind and sweet she has the same Powers as Rosie but she is a little bit more sanic and she has a grip on her sanity a little bit better than Rosie Rosie has the rosie going to fly if she's please Rosie can fly Frozen cannot fly Rosie Tilda family
Realty can control your mind she can do anything she wants with your mind she can mess with you she can even hypnotize you to do whatever you do whatever she desires with you chicken chicken control space and time if she pleases her she can bend in cheap real she can even break past the full force you wanted to fourth wall if you wanted to cheese in all powerful God you cannot stop you cannot stop her she's insane he's a madman
This is insane for a few seconds of animation
Rosie can we grow her limbs out in insane rates she cannot be damaged she has a cocky attitude she's a woman she's independent you broke up with her ex-boyfriend for being a dirtbag
It takes 200,000 million seconds for Bill cipher 3 grow his eye
He went to the Sarah prison I can tell you nothing serious therapy
Topeka mess with the fourth wall
Rosie is completely insane she is from the mythical land of endo topia of in the topia she is a she is a team he's a dream demon she wears a bow in her hair she's pink she's a pink rabbit she wears a bow in her hair she has a yellow dress she has pink gloves she has yellow gloves
My Little ponies has this winter war who's going to win the pink side or the purple side
I may have missed something, but I've seen all the episodes of Gravity Falls and I do not remember Bill Cipher ever breaking the 4th wall
Bill saying wanna make a deal me bet sure what kind
14:26 where that bow tie at
Bro actually turned him into a Dorito
Definitely my favorite Death Battle, and not just because I'm a huge Gravity Falls fan and psyched to see it finally make an appearance. The choreography and music, the plotting of the battle, the characterization of two chaotic cosmic overlords, it's all just... *chef's kiss*.  However, I think Bill was actually overestimated a bit in the analysis, though in practice it wouldn't have made a difference since Discord still had no solid means of killing him. Specifically, Wiz and Boomstick keep saying that Bill can "damage and/or regenerate spirits," using Dreamscaperers as an example. I believe this to be inaccurate. The versions of the twins, Soos, and even Bill himself present in Stan's mind during that episode are not their spirits or souls or whatever, but merely psychic avatars, which is why having a hole in their respective chests(?) did not affect either Dipper or Bill in the slightest, and why, once they were aware of it, the humans were just as powerful as Bill and able to directly attack him.  This is not comparable to Bill ripping out Dipper's soul in Sock Opera, since in that case they had explicitly made a deal which Bill was able to interpret as permission to remove Dipper's soul from his body. Similarly, Ford made an extremely open-ended deal, giving Bill unfettered access to his mind, with the only limitation being that Bill could only take direct control of his body while it was unconscious. This allowed Bill to do such things as alter Ford's vocabulary (replacing the word "burden" with "sea otter") and memories (made him temporarily forget his family, whole life, and even his name just to prove that he could), or cause him excruciating pain without inflicting actual physical damage (though he did plenty of that as well). The point is that Bill can't directly interact with or permanently alter someone's mind or soul without their permission given in a formal deal. Nor are the events of Dreasmscaperers comparable to Bill's defeat in Stan's mind during the finale, for both the same reason (they'd made a deal) and the fact that Bill's "soul" can clearly be seen exiting his body as it turns to stone, in much the same way as when he removed Dipper's earlier on in the show. At that point, since Bill actually HAD a physical form, he couldn't enter another's mind without leaving it, thus leaving himself vulnerable to spiritual attack. In terms of how this would affect the battle, Bill wouldn't be able to directly interact with or destroy Discord's spirit as was shown unless a deal was made that allowed him to do so. However, since Discord has no means of permanently harming Bill either, the stalemate would continue indefinitely. Discord would recognize this and enact the same longer-term plan he did in the battle, luring Bill back through the Rift long enough for it to close and trap both of them. The only difference is it would end with both Discord and Bill trapped in the Nightmare Realm, with the latter likely torturing the former for all eternity... or at least until Discord either gives up and joins Bill's Henchmaniacs (thus making a deal to be subservient to him) or gives up and allows Bill to destroy him permanently. So... Bill still wins, just in a way that would be really hard to depict onscreen.
this is so cool its seems like its the way it would actually go if it was a real thing
Discord  y bill si estubien en sus maximas capasidades si. Que los nerfeen discord acabaria facilmente con bill cipher . Bill esta sobrebalorado
faeri
Rewatching this video, I think a cool concept yall could delve into is a death battle top 8, where you take your 8 strongest combatants over the years and see who you would think wins. My money is on Bill, Raven, or Darkseid.
14:53 blud tought he could hide an among us character
Uhh bill cipher is an inter dimensional demon that feeds on fear? And discord is a pony:/
I actually consider bill lost this one, both of them can revive out of no where, but bill got send back home.
No way bendy was in this
Bill should fight the collector from the owl house
To me, it feels like Bill was the only one who actually wanted to kill
Ah so apparently Bill directed this episode himself so that mea he rigged the game so he would win no matter what 4:16 read the yellow text
First time seeing one of your videos, got absolutely HOOKED within just the first few minutes (aka the introductions)
16:57 No thanks, I don't make deals with Illuminati.
14:53 among us Bill
Amazing krow!
Wait did they get Discords actual voice actor for this? He sounds an awful a lot like him
Let’s not forget that discord will eventually come back once chaos erupts in equestria again.
we're at the point in society where were seeing who would win in a fight between a triangle and a discarded dragon thing from the plushie bin at Goodwill             i'm *so* in
You guys should to Flowey vs Bill
If Bill Cipher and Discord ever try to play a simple board game together, it would inevitably escalate into a multi-dimensional, time-traveling, reality-bending game instead where the rules change every five seconds.
1:39 I don't even like chicken wings
5:43  so I have some bad news
PEAK ACTION
Blud made him a dorito
13:27
193
Ojalá puedan traer a los originales si lo llegasen a doblar.... o almenos la de discord.
Plis Doctor hedo vs doctor robótic?
bro actually turned bill into a dorito and ate him
Its also worth remembering that even though we've seen Bill beaten, apparently it was the only time he was defeated out of the other infinite parallel realities. Every single other time he has won and gotten what he wanted, it just so happened that this one timeline for the pines twins that they did everything perfectly.
Ya we forced boom stick to watch My little pony
I got an ad when discord snapped his fingers in his intro
In true fact just bill went back into the nightmare dimension does not mean the portal would close that is now permanently open until the nightmare dimension disgrace so what would’ve actually happened Bill would’ve killed him and then gone back and killed everyone else
13:27
I’ll admit. I may never be a fan of “My Little Pony”, but I find Discord to be a surprisingly entertaining and funny villain. Dare I say it, he’s the one aspect of the show I actually rather like.
Bill want to make a deal. Me no
13:27 is when the battle starts
Ive seen the 2 series and I think that discord has more oportunities to win than bill, discord even being an idiot most part of the time, he is more serious when it involucres his friends (more with fluttershy) and bill cant regenerate that fast his eye so it is more probable to discord win   (dont hate, this is my opinion)
I blame mlp writers for making Discord so weak. He keeps getting his ass kicked by other villains in the show
Discord's so powerful he snapped an ad into existence
Stop the intro is cringe 💀
bill won the battle discord won the war
2:06
14:54 look bendy and cuphead
Neat thing: Discord didn't die. He chose to be a ghost to try and remake what happened at the end of Gravity Falls. His body isn't destructible, so he got out scott-free.
"If a yellow triangle in a top hat offers you a deal, don't accept" me with "recently" purchased book of bill 😅
MY BOY BENDY IS THERE AT 14:55
Ngl bill wasn’t as crazy chaotic as I was hoping for
DISAGREED
3:14 I don't think I should be watching this on the toilet
Why is everything sponsored by Better Help Douse YouTube trying to tell me something
16:43 best crashout in a deathbattle
0:50 the “get in the jar” gong me like😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💀💀💀☠️
14:40 morbid seeing that bill killed his entire family and species (the species is called Euclidians and home world is called Euclidia)
13:15
Fight starts at 13:22
What's bendy doing over there 🤣
Okay first off Bill cipher is the greatest and can anybody catch the bendy Easter egg in the cartoon madness bubble
14:54 bendy might be sneaky
"I'M AN ALL SEEING GOD"
15:32  Discord: “this charade is getting dumb. How about a different game?” Bill: “sure. I love checkers” *crushes discord with a chess piece* Bill: “GO FISH” I like how bill knows what the games are but uses different rules and pieces. Just shows how much he does not care about this reality
16:58 I got an ad over this part so that actually made it twice as funny😅
Discord mods vs bill
The fact this is cannon in gravity falls since Alex said that all appearances of bill anywhere is cannon 😂😂😂
Imagine if we had the first ever tie? Not sure if there was ever a tie but if not this could have been the first
Bill. Cipher  is. Omega
Discord slams bill negative diff the scaling in the idw comics outscales anything in gravity falls
19:42
Can some pls tell me the name of the song that played when the figth started
This is canon.
Is perfect🚬🗿
Hello recent commenter, here's why Bill won and why:  Note: This episode was released prior to Book of Bill and all content after that. It was debatable yet leaning in Bill's favour at the time of release, and is massively skewed towards Bill now. The following is based on our current information.  Strength/Durability: Discord should be around Multiversal+ (destroying infinite universes) or possibly even Low Complex Multiversal - 5-D (destroying a plane so far beyond a single (or infinite) timeline that it's considered a mathematically higher infinity) due to scaling above entities capable of threatening a plane containing infinite dream-realities. Meanwhile, Bill in their physical form should be around Hyperversal - 12-D (This is Low Complex Multiversal, but several layers higher) due to their mere existence perpetuating The Rift which connected Gravity Falls' main universe with The Nightmare Dimension (which is effectively a realm in-between all others, including realities that are of higher/lower spatial dimensions, such as the infamous 7-11 dimensional ones). Bill takes this.  Speed: Both can reach Immeasurable speeds (speeds breaking the speed formula), however Discord's is limited to his flight considering he showed a single instance of flying backwards in time, meanwhile Bill has had full even fights with entities like The Time Baby, who actively view time as akin to distance. Both are virtually equal, but Bill's hands are faster.  Intelligence: Bill... I probably shouldn't need to explain much.   Hax: Discord's most noteworthy hax are his concept-reliant immortality, his ability to regenerate from purely a spirit, being able to alter the story and existence erasure. Bill's most noteworthy include: concept-reliant immortality, his ability to regenerate purely from a spirit, being able to alter narratives, his entire existence being paradoxical and being angry causing his hax to become layered (meaning they can bypass resistances). As for who can bypass whose, Bill's entire existence being paradoxical would make him untouchable to Discord's attempts to destroy their concept meanwhile the opposite isn't the case, Bill can also destroy Discord's soul meanwhile...again...Discord can't due the same due to Bill's spirit not conventionally existing. If Bill ever achieves his physical form, his abilities just get stronger in potency...and if he gets angry, then nearly all of his abilities would be able to bypass Discord's resistances, so he could just turn Discord into a mindless frog, seal his soul in a sentence or grant him a career in S&P (a fate worse than death). IN SHORT: Bill has what Discord has, only more and can evade Discord's form of it.  Hax 2: Yeah, Bill also CAN prevent Discord from coming back due to him being able to eat and control concepts.  Notable Weaknesses: Discord is overconfident and can be erased if he acts too orderly. Bill works on some rules for his mind-entering and possession, his eye is shockingly weak, synthesized music hurts him, erasing him from memory forces him to get the Axolotl to resurrect him - something that'd take too long and give Discord the win. Overall, Bill's are far easier to exploit however Discord's - which Bill can exploit via their powers - have more damning consequences.  Overall, Bill just about edged out Discord when this first came out with the only arguable thing being abilities and Bill's higher-end scaling. Now, Bill solidly has the means to exceed and even perfectly take out Discord :P
This did NOT feel like one year ago 😭
10:35 Q Gd Q
social media vs demon
13:25 The fight begins !!!
DiD no one notice At this part 14:26 bill CiphEr has no bow tie?  Also get ready to find out the secret word I put in this comment😊
do alastor vs black hat hazbin hotel and villainous
Where’s Rick Sanchez where you need him?
Like he has the courage to beat me. Come at me, BILL stupid name
if you payed attention in the cartoon world bendy had a flower body but his head was the same
14:55 I saw Bendy
In Bill's book we discover that Bill can also see all the possibilities.
Bill won But Discord had the last laugh
Crazy that you bozo's advertised gambling
Am confused who won was it bill or discord
My opinion the dragon oney because in my opinion there's two factors you have to win in a death battle first of all beat your opponent second of all you have to be an exact same place as being your opponent you know the show was light work no reaction what are you wasn't even in this place
If anyone is curious about that random strings of letters at Bill's descriptions, here are the solutions I found      - "A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG" is a Vigenere Cipher with the Keyword "SEPHIROTH" and returns "I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHICKEN WINGS" - "VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS" is most likely(?) an Affine Cipher and returns "ELEVEN DEEZ NUTZ HAH" with A=25, B=25 (I'm not too sure tbh, but this was the closest match I could find in a reasonable time)
Ok ok, there's been a lot of death battles should've said this is the one I agree that I remember clearly
Discord may have lost against Bill Cipher, but at least he saved his friends and all of Equestria. 🙌🏽
Discord is a more powerful character than Bill Cipher.  While both are incredibly powerful beings with the ability to manipulate reality, Discord's powers are more extensive and versatile. He can control the very fabric of existence, shape reality to his will, and even transcend the limits of time and space. Bill Cipher, on the other hand, is primarily focused on chaos and deception, and his powers are more limited in scope. The popular fan theory that Bill Cipher is a manifestation of Discord is further evidence of Discord's superior power. If Bill were more powerful, he would likely be the one controlling Discord, not the other way around.
POV Bill rn: they got us in the 1st half ngl
Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war.
My first watch of the ending, I thought Discord escaped. My second watch it made much more sense. Discord may have died but he won in the end. Which is way its "K.O." not "VICTORY" for Bill.  One of if not the best Death battle. Possibly only beaten by Megatron VS Freiza (Ones that I've watched anyways). Megatron's speech at the end is unmatched, but the music from this one was inpecable.
Если Дискорд видел его шоу то мог возвести барьер из волос единорога разве нет
Билл победил иза интелекта . Это странно ведь Дискорд достаточно силен чтобы противостоять всем его способностьям . И учитовая что Дискорд и Билл постояно устраевали хаос его было не убить .
this should be so much ez for bill
Want to make a deal!?💀
A Glowing Yellow Dorito vs a giant, Dragon-Horse hybrid with weird body parts. 😕Surprisingly quite a visual spectacle. And I say this as someone who used to Hate “My Little Pony”.
Also also, I think that peg in PA is in or near where I'm currently stuck living!
I disagree but I like bill cipher is one my favorite villain so I glad he win
Bill is in tharipy
whats the song playing during fight?
This ultimately came down to "Which character has a lose condition?", any weaknesses they may have. Bill Cipher, from the sound of it (haven't watched his show), really had no weaknesses aside from the Stanford sacrifice scene. Discord, I've seen plenty of Friendship is Magic, and I can recall a good few that Bill might be able to replicate.  - Elements of Harmony for one thing, major MacGuffin that turned him to stone. Either straight petrification, or a more specific type of magic rooted in the user's bonds with the other bearers. - As Death Battle stated, Tirek absorbed Discord's magic, although only after getting strong enough from eating enough pony magic. If Bill has a way to sap away magic, easy win condition, especially since he's already at least on par in power level. - In the absence of chaos, Discord can fade out of existence. Potentially just straight existence erasure would end Discord for good. - While Discord helped in infiltrating the Changeling kingdom, it was built around a crystal that stops any magic but a Changeling's. This includes blocking teleportation within its area of effect, and any summons will get deleted upon entering the area of effect. Arguably that could affect Bill too if he tried using the material, but he may have physical means to work around it (like with the unicorn hair in Gravity Falls).
What is the song in the background of the fight
Abilities and Comparison: Both could largely do whatever they want.
Saben si quiera que Discord solo se vuelve mas poderos mientras mas Caos se halle a su alrededor ?
A
Gravity Falls is a little overrated as a cartoon and mystery media, but Alex Hirsch is a cool guy, his work just isn't to my taste. Personally, I feel discord would've one with the given information, seeing as it took many magic users to defeat him whereas Bill was beaten by normal human children and 2 brothers. Though the argument after the fight is very convincing
Gravity falls is overrated as both a cartoon and a mystery media, but this was a fun video as usual
Discord. The only fighter to lose the battle but win the war.
I can't believe there's a fear and loathing in los vegas reference in mlp
theres only 1 issue with the anylasis the bell and the protection spell are completely different and not comparablethe spell negates bills magic you cant negate the source of it just the magic itself (the reason bills creatures got defeated by touching the shack-a-tron was because they are just animated objects so negating the magic returned them back into normal objects) meanwhile the bell absorbs a targets magic
Spoiler for Book of Bill:       Bill was "reincarnated".... In interdimensional therapy... Forever.  Bill is stuck in a hell of his own creation. And even if he were to leave, he'd just be sonething so weak he wouldn't even be a threat.
14:53  was that Koolaid man!?
bendy was in old timey one [he was a flower]
A year later and probably the only death battle i agree on
At the end, where Bill said some gibberish, he actually said reality is an illusion The universe is a hologram by gold bye.
What is Bill Cipher talking about when he is saying someones name all I heard was John Luke or something and then he said the code of honor does anyone know what he is talking about?
nah did bro just turn bill into a dorrito?
The fact that it's been a year and people are still arguing over the results is so funny. Like half of the people arguing for discord probably haven't even watched gf or just have an extreme bias for mlp. Bill especially wins now since book of bill gave him a massive buff. Also side note, what part of DEATH battle do you guys not understand? Bill won because he killed discord, discord didn't win just 'cause he trapped bill or whatever. And is swear to god, y'all need to stop spamming that same godamn "BIlL woN THe BattLE bUt dISCord wOn the WAr" bs comment, why are people still commenting that?
Travis teams and dlc  bill cipher
In my opinion....Bill Cipher Solos Neg Diff. But that's just my opinion
1:38 the Real name is William Lucifer
Yes... Yes i do bill
When bill cypher said "wanna make a deal" I was like I WOULD LOVE TO MAKE A DEAL
Bro I was confused asf when I saw discord😭
13:28 the battle
I think bill is ganna win its kinda obvi i mean have you seen the show he is completely absolutely the most strongest character ive seen
Bill Cipher died to a human, Discord lost to actual powerful characters. The fight is perfect, but the results are cap. 💀
What did he say at the end there
Is it just me. Or did you guys get jumpscared when Bill tried to make a deal?
there is a backwards message at the end of the video
what is the music called
Discord deafeated cosmole
I Miss MLP... I Watched When I Was a Young Child, Now Today... I Have 15 Years Age... (16 Years Age in Next BRL Week)
Mi Mamá Perdí A Mi Abuela Lo Siento
14:39 Ok, I love this joke for two reasons. Based on my (admittedly limited) understanding of the word and its uses in both mathematics and HP Lovecraft, Discord seems to be implying that Bill is 1. Too flat and 2. Not eldritch enough. Burn 😂😂😂
"discord im howling at the moon"💀
This was super creative goated episode
10:00  a new 4th wall breaker has been added
Did a double take on the title
what does bill say at the end of the video in backwards
Bill saying "I'm and all-seeing GOD" really rings hollow when he was so tunnel visoned on fighting Discord that he didn't even realise he got baited back to the Nightmare Realm so easily.
I think Discord would simply return in time, is certain conditions are met in Equestria. Just like the tree of harmony "returned" as the tree house.
The Mabel and Dipper from the show are the only ones who win
Aquí los que quieren que haga un trato con bill
Kinda bs when bill has a weakness against unicorn hair and discord lives in a world full of unicorns.
16:56 WANNA MAKE A DEAL?
why is the animatoin pixle art just wondering
Next Bill vs the Collector
betterhelp for depression, battles to the death and a beer company the math is mathing
Death battle read the book of bill you will find more answers there
Okay I did what Bill did to Discord's spirt but Discord is a god so he's not dead.
Yay Bill Won!
Goat Bill vs Average Goku Victim
13:15 where the fight actually starts
A year later and i can’t get over how satisfying this fight is It’s so in character for bill cipher to win but still get screwed over by discord, discord using the mind burning as a distraction and it working is so good, this fight was so peak, next to bowser vs eggman, and among us vs fall guys honestly
Isn't the bells supposed to perma take as apposed to the unicorn hair that just temporarily drains?
W BILL SOLOS THE VERSE
At 14:55 you can see Bendy from Bendy and the ink machine
Bill is god
WHAT IN GOODS GOD NAME IS THAT THING???!!!  Also do ryu vs Batman pls<
"Well... It was worth a try. Still! I'm surprised, you don't recognize... your old home."
The fact that he turned bill in to a dorito is hilarious
id love to make a deal
i found bendy
I hate to side with the cartoon horse show, but doesn't discord have like, access to 3 trillion unicorns to craft whatever it wanted to beat bill?
You insult MLP and Discord by acknowledging the ninth season, same as the people who made that shitshow
14:51 the Kool-Aid man was in the background
16:57 WANNA MAKE A DEAL
discord win because he takes bill back to his home so discord win
Bill.Always.Comes.BACK
💿⚠️⚠️
And they all attend Discord's Funeral😢😢😢
People who wanna get straight into it got to 13:27
Now throw Hunson Abadeer into the equation.
this video was made in a very good day
13:27
Bendy casually chilling in the background 14:54
I love how they managed to put in a Christmas song in discord's analisis without anyone noticing
I got an idea maybe you should do a ruby Gillman vs orbitox ( heroes of goo jit zu)
Literal el propio chat gpt dice que discord ganaria entonces porque dicen que gano bill?
a.x.l.o.t.l
16:58, “Wanna make a deal!?” **Warhammer ad plays**
Love how discord sacrificed himself to save his friends
Honestly i think they would make an amazing duo in chaos
Book of bill changes this all
MORE WITH BILL
Love when bill grabs discord through his own eye
You need to do getter emperor vs mazinger zero
BENDY?!?! 14:55
Yes, let’s make a deal
14:40  HE PREDICTED IT
SO GUYS WANT TO MAKE A DEAL?
Discord win in a next death battle we. Want
WHERE"S HOMELANDER VS. BRIGHTBURN, GODDAMNIT!?
Did you notice Bendy was actually in there?
first po
Sorry bill cipher versus discord isn’t even sold lightly close Bill could win either way and we have like I know his sentence like he would spend approximately nine life sentences and I am 107+ years and nine death sentences with a debt of 10000,000 270,000 $75 and judging by his almightiness and Powers sorry but discord is just not gonna be able to win whatsoever this idea is completely stupid like that I don’t know how stupid it is so stupid though
I thought he was the guy from wish😭
Mr mxyzptlk death battle
13:23 is when the fight starts and they stop yapping
The puppets are so goofy XDDDDD
Im calling it, the character who sacrifices himself/herself for the safety of peace is the real winner
well damn, never tought i see a death battle where despite wining the fight the person lost the war, eventually we can say, despite dying, discord won, while bill is alive, but so as well lost
"I'm an all seeing god" Then how come he didn't  see grunkle ford andstan switch clothes
10:41 🤣🤣🤣🤣💀💀💀💀
Bendy 14:54
bill cipher win👏
I would love to see Discord and Bill meet The Mask
It was sort of a tie, since Bill got trapped in the nightmare realm again and discord got killed
Well, I actually like the fact that Discord loses, because that makes discord less boringly broken and overpowered
Yes I will take a Deal with bill
I heard bill cipher is more violent than bugs bunny
Fun fact: every bill appearancr outside his show is canon, so this is canon in gravity falls
11:00 "Not for long" is crazy
BILL CIPHER VS DISCORD THE GOD OF GROUP CHAT'S!
15:19 Discord : you are not qualified to work with the 4th wall Me : actually He is qualified. Like Bill said he is an all…seeing….GOD!
Name song please
Fact: Discord still won in my eyes, remember, he said “ He doesn’t need a body to be alive”, and he could’ve faked his death, turning into an object and float out
Inacutate fight. Discord lost but he only needs chaos to survive, so the death scene should have made him stronger as well as the whole fight.(the fact that discord was a ghost when he got crushed was obserd as he would just cartoon logic and turn flat).
Bill won the death battle but he lost the war.
Hey wait why is Twilight still alive
YES 16:58
Yes let's make a deal kill Aphmau and I will help make wiredmagedon
Discord's next opponent should be Genie from Disney's Aladdin.
Among us reference 14:53
This pissed me off
Bill:wanna make a deal?  Me: of course.  Bill thinking:why is the flame not blue?.
14:52 amogus
I am confused. Who the hell win 🤔
Who da fuq is discord 💀
This is the video that doomed me...
Man, Discord is ice cold even in death
There’s bendy
DEAR LORD WHAT IN GOOD GODS NAME IS THAT THING
up next discord vs discord app and its entirety
I cried when fluttershy was calling for discord 😢 Discord accepted his defeat but was able to save his friend and friend's friends... DISCORD SHOULD HAVE WON
I think the unicorn hair was a missed opportunity. Come on, even just tossing hair at him with no effect as a joke. It's my little pony!
What did discord win because unicorn hair would probably be stuck in his pocket from twilight
wtf bendy doing there!!!!  💀💀💀💀💀💀
Bill canonically has pyrokinesis, very powerful might i add, meaning he could simply engulf them in flames, from the inside (internal organs) to outside.
Yes, my most favorite character, Bill Cipher wins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And he’s not stuck anymore because I made a deal with him
Bill basically won because discord ran away
Dis is easy a literal god vs a magical dumby
No discort win
13:16
discord did try the memory thing which was interesting
Can you make the alternate universe where discord wins if it doesn’t bother you to much because remember different universes different possibilities
"get in the jar"
8:31 "Discord is chaos incarnate" Yes.
16:22  fun fact!: the black liquid is actually ichor aka blood of gods!
16:27 can someone tell me why bill freaks out here? im prob just dumb but i have no idea why hes freaking out, does he get trapped or something?
Well I just Googled is discord a member of the cutie mark crusaders in my little pony friendship is magic and got two different answers on the same page one says no he's not while the other one says yes he's an honorary member so I've no idea which is true also I can't believe how dumb you guys are you said in the black speech bubble that Bill survived the memory erase gun but everyone knows that's how they finally killed him you even said that yourselves so either just the speech bubble was wrong or you guys forgot entirely even after saying that and that's one of the reasons that Bill won when he shouldn't have also whoever is doing the text bubbles most of the time has no idea what they're talking about because get to Stanford he's literally going to kill Diper and Mable and he was going to do it too after all Mable sprayed spray paint into eye so would and will kill the pines if need be
bro... BRO... BROO!!!! DID DISCORD JUST SNAP AT THE EXACT TIME I GOT AN AD!? BRO LITERALLY GAVE ME AN AD AT THIS PART! 10:33    Edit: I'm serious when I say this, future readers looking at this text, he actaully gave me an ad. at this point, discord is too godlike lol...
DEATH BATTLE, WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN MY WHOLE LIFE MAN, WHY I AM SEEING THIS IN ENDS OF 2024????!!!!
i already knoiw cipher is loseing
14:54 you can see bendy
14:33
14:57 Puppet death battle!???? DB IDEA: Gonzo Vs Crash (Disney’s The Muppets Vs Crash & Bernstein)
RIP Discord! This is my new favorite fight. Mad respect for him trapping that Bill fraud!
Yes I wanna make a deal and free you
Animators after reading the script: After all the Deadpool battles... and you want us to make THIS?!?! Where do I sign?
love this video   bill Cipher the best villian in Disney like the classic villains were  now we all know what happened to bill Cipher thanks to the book of bill  been a sub since seeing this video so keep up the good work
14:55
8:30 TRUE FACT
How did Bill win it like Discord won to me.
16:39 oh i rlly didnt know but discord send the letter to fluttershy 13:47  thanks comments btw i dont know but i think Bill cipher is trapped not So long And discord is back in My little pony plus not much of the comments help i did it like 98% or just 100% By My self
Bill:WANNA MAKE A DEAL? ME:why not?
Possibly the best Death Battle to date! 10/10
Love how Boomstick wasnt even phased and slapped Bill(Whiz) on the back, happy to have a new co-host...
It says to me you dont recongnsize your old phone😂 16:35 16:30
13:34 is that a reference to the infamous rainbow dash jar
I disagree, Discord is not "dead". Discord is the embodiment of disharmony and as long as chaos exists, Discord exists. Bill on the other hand, relies on folks remembering it and folks have to keep people playing in order to survive. So this battle is a DRAW.  HOWEVER from a tactical standpoint, Discord won. His understanding of Bill allowed him to let the events play out and having Bill think he's in control. The "locks" on Discord being "trapped" in Bill's grip was only temporary and were released when the Doritio loosened his grip after Discord popped. Discord's own chaos abilities weren't nulled, it only meant that he could slip out from a tight grip. The Chaos would allow him to survive but as say a mist or an atomized and gaseous amount of Discord. The caveat is Discord is stuck there too because if he slips, out Bill can to. All-in-all Bill is defeated since his goal was not achieved again. Discord can only be released when Bill is released. And Discord knows when he will be out, he just gotta wait it out until the next fool shakes Bill's hand.
What is Bill saying in reverse at 19:25?
Hmm can bill get out and destroy the mlp world 🤔
This is an awesome Chanel , the animations are top tier
Fight at 13:23
When bill. Said "wanna make a deal" i said: ok but first buy me some McDonalds and Wendy's
In 14:55 there is bendy from bendy and the ink macchine
If discord knew how bill died so he must knew what is his weakness so discord culd use unicorn hair after he realizes that they are quite equil
Bill is stuck in therapy so he won’t be reincarnated anytime soon
14:51 bill cipher turning into the imposter from ammong us🤨🤨🤨
Now question bill is winning
No way that Alex Hirsch played ONE line in this episode
13:24
Even though Discord lost the battle he ultimately won the War!
14:55 I love how bendy is just in the background
Ok, look man, I went thru translating Bill's code becore, I AIN'T GONNA DO IT AGAIN! (unless there's more Gravity Falls I missed, in which case...)
This battle was actually very close
Technoblade Vs Dream
Bro discord can get unicorn hair but it is good bull won
Despite loosing the battle, Discord very much won the War. Which against Bill is way more important.
I don't think discord is dead for 100% because many many reasons and the big reason is if ther enough chaos discord will come back again 😅  bill he didn't win the war
The way bill was turned in a dorito
I just noticed a Mabel and Dipper version in an MLP universe form. It happens when Bill is firing lazers from his eye after playing the drums.
Pov fighting be like
How do you play it backwards?
saw the title, thought it was bill vs a discord server.
Can’t wait for Skull Kid VS. Reddit
13:16
I SWORE that DIscord won this fight when I watched it the first time, am I being gaslit here?
Discord lost the fight but won the war. With the portal destroyed and Ford now knowing the real nature of Bill, safe to say he's not coming back anytime soon.
13:27 battle
Gorilla VS Grizzly Bear | DEATH BATTLE!
3:09 What The Hell Is Bill Cipher Doing? And What’s He Talking About? 9:58 Why Was Discord Here? 10:34 What Did Discord Do? What The Hell Happened To These Guys? Are They Voice Actors Now?!
Me Fighting With My Brother Be Like
80% yapping about powers 20% fighting
Discord may have lost the battle but he did screw bill over trapping him and saving the my little pony universe
wait shouldnt the bell work? considering bill and discord are even, and the bell worked on the 2 princess pony whatevers, who were strong enough to defeat discord in the past
8:30 This is the most correct thing ever said on death battle and has no room for argument.
"You don't recognize your old home" hits way different after the Book of Bill
Wait bill cipher captured the main six
Bill Cipher is my favorite cartoon villain and from the episodes of my little pony my little sister has watched Discord is my favorite character
i dont understand the end why was bill worried and why did discord say your old home?
This is the best written fight, feels like a canon crossover
What if dio over heaven vs eren full power?
Pls do bill cipher vs scp 3812
Fun fact: Bill Cipher isn't dead....he's in rehab! True story bro; it's in the recently released 'Book of Bill'.
Bill: *sigh* no big deal iv done this once already *W̸̟̲͒̃͂̌Ä̸̡Ń̶͚̻͛̈̕N̷̡͓͓̯̳̂̅͑̎A̴̛͍͎͖̋̈́̉̇̉ ̷̙̟̇̿͜M̷͙̽̋̓Ā̷͙̐̎̈́̍̚K̵̠̪̮̞͇̂E̶͔̟̾͆͋̔̎ ̶̨͇̗̖̣͗̈A̵̼̮̙̻̳͌̿ ̷̧̛̬̹͇̘̫͒Ḋ̴͖̫̣͈͊̒Ẹ̷̭̌̊Ā̷̫͉͈̘̟ͅL̶̺̥͇̓̓ͅͅͅ?̶̯̻̣̏* Me: YES PLEASE
14:51 to 14:55 you can see bendy like bendy from the ink machine the game
With the new book of bill, can yall come back and re-eval this fight, not reanimate, just eval
Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war.
I agree with you discord, liking ai art is criminal
Bill won the Battle Discord won the War, And our hearts.
THE PART WHEN HE WHINES LIKE A BABY XDD 😂😂😂😂😂😂
If bill was alive he would be an overlord XD 😂😂😂
"Oh, I get it! _You think we're EQUALS!_ "
Haha, Discord himself is the reason Bill invaded the MLP universe in the first place.  At 18:18, the text on the trading card reads, "I kept hearing these epic stories about defeating the bugbear and banishing the changelings. So I thought, what the hay, I'm sure my friends would absolutely ADORE the chance to tussle with an evil interdimensional triangle wearing a tophat! Oops?"
19:39 your champion's what??
Bill Cipher Won, But Discord Stopped Bill From Invading Other Shows
Bill Cipher & Discord Tied
Bill's name is Billy
Do you think we can do a bill VS bowser
Discord basically saved the pony world, at the cost of his life. what a chad
15:16  13:58
Funnily enough one thing that aged poorly was the joke about Bill liking NFTS AI ART and Cryptocurrency! He hates all of those and brainrot lolllll
Easley the best death battle fight
Can you do Zeus vs hades
Another interesting detail about Bill's win here and loss in gravity falls is one core difference: He *isn't* trapped in this fight. In the case of Gravity Falls, he is trapped inside of Stanly's mind due to it being reased, and he currently existed onpy in spirit form.  In this fight, he never has to leave his physical body, which is equally as capable of spiritual damage to his spiritual body. Though his spirit is trapped as Discord attempts to delete him, the fact that his physical body is still actionable is ultimately the trump card — as there is no way to stall Bill inside his own mind. There never would've been enough time to erase Bill like this
One year later.  The delivery "I'm surprised you don't recognize your old home" is still the number one coldest line in this whole series.
Discord: "I saw our alternate futures, all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict." Fluttershy: "In how many do we win?" Discord: "One."
They snuck bendy in there 14:54
Yes Alastor can make a deal you live but I own your soul
I really hope Alex Hirsch and the person who made MLP (I don’t know their name) has at least HEARD of this video.
Wow!
So... I know the winner is [Blank] but I really feel [Blank 2] came out at the true winner despite losing.
A X O L O T L! My time has come to burn! I invoke the ancient power that I may return!
Isn't Bill less powerful in his dimension? Didn't Ford almost kill him by himself?
do mythbusters vs ghostbusters
do vsauce vs vinesauce
do sans vs ness
In the stop emotions part they floor shadowed imposter vs fullguy and i think they floor shadowed more in the fight
16:18
Never did like Gravity Falls.  The soul stuff kind of killed it for me entirely.  That stuff has no place in a kids show (or really any media but that's a whole other can of worms not meant for a youtube comment section)
.
1:25 erm  actually according to my calculations one trillion 12 years old 🤓☝️
And now we have book of bill which makes him way stronger in terms of explaining what he can do.
i loved the rubber hose style of that one madness bubble
DONT KILL ME😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Bruh both survived but bill is trapped discord can teleport out and p1ss of bill cipher  Summery: discord won here and jn reality alswell
Just as discord snapped i got an ad 😳
This is appropriately the most insane and unhinged Death Battle episode.
15:23 them having a fight with minifigures 💀
13:21
My little pony has lore?
16:57 WANNA MAKE A DEAL?
I like how some of the ponies you see during their battle just look so done with everything. like this is the 4th villain attack this year, they just don't have the energy to care.
reminds me of the time fight
This is canon until the creator of gravity falls says it isnt
This was better than the one of cartoon fight club
Basically, this fight is between pranksters (Bill) vs Jokesters (Discord).
Technically, Discord is the literal personification of chaos and discord, and this means that as long as chaos and discord exist, he is immortal. The only way to kill him is to destroy all chaos and discord and create a multiverse of pure harmony, etc. But that is logically impossible, after all, the simple act of being alive is already "chaos." so much so that in the show we see that the only possible way to deal with and defeat discord is by sealing or containing it precisely because it is impossible to destroy it Even if you destroy all the magic that exists including his, he still won't die because as we see in the new generation, even without magic, Discord didn't die and continued to be immortal, living all this time without his magic. So logically speaking, Bill wouldn't have won or defeated even if he gave up, the discord body would only be temporary and he would simply reassemble himself, revive himself or etc. discord is an immortal character with the power to distort and play with reality as he sees fit and if he were really serious and had 100% intention to kill and destroy everything the literal entire multiverse would be vaporized discord is basically the closest thing to a god we have the more chaos and discord there is, the more powerful he will be considering the amount of chaos and discord bill cipher has created discord canonically would have the power to end bill with a snap of his fingers discord is basically a god, a deity, while bill cipher would merely be a mortal individual from the second dimension who, by sheer luck, gained a little extra power to alter the third dimension Meanwhile, Discord would have the power to access and interfere with practically all dimensions the world of my little pony has almost no chaos and discord being a kingdom and dimension with harmony that's why discord is limited However, if discord were to go to a dimension of pure chaos or in this case where cipher itself makes the entire dimension into pure chaos and discord, discord's power would reach divinity levels and, depending on the situation, even reach a level superior to the power of a god. even the most powerful objects and relics that exist cannot destroy or kill him unless they are able to seal and contain him. power of friendship? elements of harmony? like all other things is completely incapable of getting rid of discord permanently Is not even close, for Bill, they had to invent a weakness for Discord, we are prettending that destroying Discord "Spirit" is the same that destroying his "soul" or even destroying him as a concept, the example they provide didnt even work like that, Discord body was exiled from the school, not destroyed, that is why he came back as a Ghost, implying that his body is over there in some part of Equestria, meaning that Discord Ghost and body can be is 2 parts at the same time, which is not that crazy because Discord showed already having multiple bodies at the same time. And in a top of that we are prettending that Bill have Soul regeneretion when the set up was in a dream, so, Dipper have soul regeneration too? He regenerated too in that example, Why we are implying that is soul manipulation instead of dream manipulation? The only beigns Bill destroyed inside Stan Mind was fictional characters from Mabel dreams, not real people. Prettinding Bill having Soul Manipulation and regeneration is very obvious right? But pretending Discord could regenerate his spirit is too crazy? He could just regenerate his physical form whenever he want, in the MLP episode he doesn't because his body was exiled from the shcool. The real Discord Weakness are power stealing abilites, the elements of harmony, and exile powers (Which should be strong enought to exile more that just his physical form), I don't see Bill with access to any of that. The more boring one would be forcing Discord be normal, which is the more effective one agaisnt Discord, but doesnt work in this set up, because weirdmageddon would prevent Discord from disappearing. Another dumb thing they compare the capabilities of the Unicorn Hair with the Grogar Bewitching Bell, which obviously are not at the same level, we are comparing a Shield which passive feat is stealing powers from a cursed totem, not even a monster or Bill Minion, with Grogar Bell which has the feat of stealing powers of beigns at the level of Discord and the princesses, the Bell was the only Bill wincon, because he could stole it from Discord and using agaisnt him. We could claim that Bill can resist power stealing from Grogar Bewithcing Bell if you wish, but there is not information of Bill having that resistance at that level. Discord in the other side, could Teleport Bill to somewhere else, like in the fight, or hitting Bill with a move of the same level of the Quantum destabilizer, which is claiming strong enough to defeating Bill, Discord could forced Bill inside of the mind of one of his clones and destroying himself. Bill weaknesses are very clear and in more disposition to Discord exploit it. THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I'VE BEEN SAYING THIS WHOLE TIME. They even dug through the trash just to say that Bill can eliminate souls and regenerate his own, even though the guy doesn't even have Conceptual Manipulation to affect Discord. Also, they compared the Empowerment of both and said that they cancel each other out.  It doesn't make sense, Bill's Empowerment isn't even close to Discord's, Bill was gaining power for many days since Weirdmageddon had started and yet he was still hurt by physical objects and received a beating from Shacktron.  While Discord with just a little chaos freed himself from the prison of the Elements of Harmony, and even, at the time where he was imprisoned, he could cause enough chaos to the point that he became unstoppable even when he was turned into stone.  Even if they were right and their Empowerment has the same power, their logic still fails, because Discord would be being empowered by his own chaos and the chaos of Bill's Weirdmageddon, gaining MUCH MORE power, and if all that fails, he only has to go to Chaosville and replenish his energy to continue the battle. And well, I won't mention the fact that they were belittling Discord's abilities, to the point where they said Discord's Plot Manipulation wouldn't work against Bill, or that Discord couldn't just manipulate Bill's mind. They even said that Bill with his Precognition could anticipate Discord, even though Discord is immune to precognition since his power does not follow the laws of cause and effect and they do not follow any logic. They were also exaggerating Bill's "omniscience" and knowledge, being that in the series he was shown to have very stupid attitudes and decisions, and Discord also has omniscience and precognition due to all the control he has over space-time and has access to damn plot.  I loved this episode of Death Battle, but they didn't research Discord's power very well, otherwise they would know that he has a clone of himself in his own dimension, so if Discord dies, he simply has to pass his consciousness to the clone. In that case, the real winner of the Death Battle should have been Discord by BFRing Bill to the Nightmare Realm and having a spare Discord in Chaosville.
Bendy is in the death battle of bill cipher vs discord
13:24 starts
Wow Discord and Bil Chipter zero
Bendy?
14:36 D O R I T O
Did anybody see cuphead and bendy in the cartoon bubble of madness?
The fight of the Century just occurred and it happened between a disformed dragon and aficken triangle that says something
Technically this is canon
It's a deal
SHACK - S = HACK😮
Don't Make me druggy But You reminded me of "MOR()" The Guy Who Make Some crazy battles. so here a request:  1: The Milkman Vs The Exotic food salesman. (Zane little Vs Zanelittle) 2: The milkman Vs amanda the adventurer (Wasdmovie Vs Holin (I Think?)) 3: Bendy Vs Sinny 4: Bendy Vs Bloody bunny (Bloody bunny The first blood Vs Bendy) 5: The Exotic food salesman vs champa. 6: Champa VS Amanda. (Goober Galaxy Vs amanda da Adventurer) 7: Champa Vs Rickey (Wasdmovie Vs Roblox) 8: Dark Rabbit Vs Sapphire Cipher (Bill Cipher Daughter) 9: Chess Vs Checkers. (LOL) 10: Champa And Bloody bunny vs Meat boy and bandage girl and Dr fetus lil slugger. 11: Meat boy vs bandage girl. 12: The exotic food salesman vs Bill cipher. 13: Meat boy Vs the Exotic food salesman. (Supa Meat boy Vs Wasdmovie) 14: Bill Cipher Vs Sapphire cipher (Bill Cipher daughter again) 15: Helluva boss Vs The Smartest man ever (The Goober from Wasdmovie) (Wasdmovie Vs Helluva boss) 16: Champa Vs The Blue Gambler. (Zane little Vs raxdflipnotes) 17: Uzi Vs Champa (Murder drones Vs Wasdmovie) 18: Dr Deranged Vs Champa. (WasdMovie Vs Wasdmovie) 19:  Lucy Loud Vs Champa. (Loud house Vs the Champa Sh🙂w) 20: Lucy Loud Vs Bloody bunny. 21: Bloody bunny Vs Scp 666. :) 22: Veve the spiderfly Vs Bloody bunny Vs Champa 23: Veve The Spiderfly And champa Vs The Cowardly Dog And Scooby doo And Snoopy 24: Yung Geezer vs The Milkman (wasdmovie vs wasdmovie) 25: Caine Vs Yung Geezer And The Milkman. (TADC Vs Wasdmovie and wasdmovie) 26: Champa Vs Scp 666 27: Bill Cipher Vs Scp 666 28: Bill cipher Vs Champa. 29: Bill Cipher Vs Caine And Uzi And N And V. (Gravity falls Vs The amazing Digital circus And murder drones.) 30: Caine Vs Uzi And N And V (The Amazing Digital circus vs murder drones) 31: Carrion Vs mushroom 11 32: Fenix Vs Champa (Fenix Rage Vs The Goober From Zane little) 33: Swarm queen Vs Uzi. 34: Steven Universe And Star Butterfly Vs Wasdmovie And asdfmoive (Zane little and Tomska) 35: Gun Gum Vs Uzi (Wasdmovie Vs murder drones) 36: Veve The Spiderfly and gun gum and the Smartest goober ever and Champa VS fenix rage and swarm queen 37: Uzi Vs The Milkman Vs The Milkman (Murder drones Vs That not my neghbor vs wasdmovie) 38: Goose Vs Enchanted Portals (Untitled goose game Vs Rip off cuphead) 39: Chip Tips Vs Mint Hints (LOL) 40: Sapphire cipher Vs Discord (But Sapphire wins) 41: Bill Cipher vs discord (REMATCH) 42: Lucy Loud Vs Blood Bunny The first blood (REMATCH) 43: Lucy Loud Vs Veve The spiderfly. 44: Lucy Loud Vs Lincolin Loud :) 45: Somari Vs Goose. 46: Level Down Vs Enchanted portals. :)))))) 47: Sapphire cipher Vs Bev(va) Cipher (Bill Cipher Second Daughter) 47: Bevva Cipher Vs Bill Cipher :) 48: Bloody Bunny The First Blood Vs Sansfield.  (Bb The Game/First Blood Vs Bad monday simulator) (They Both Hated monday's So they Can be best friends And make peace not war and make truce :))))))) 49: Bloody bunny And Sansfield Vs Green sans and Duolingo.
damn bill got robbed by the funny bone man
Im actually not surprised that Bill would win. After all, as ya said, Bill can get MUCH more serious than that horse derg
Bill Cipher Wooo!
siht  oediv si nuf ot  hctaw dna osla I  debircsbus
replaying to bills message in the end : BYE
betterhelp is a scam, also two sponsers?
1:41 i am still proud i did that
Dorito god that has a tophat vs dragon thing (ive never watched my little pony)
Que batalha Emoçonamte☠️☠️☠️
I won, But at what cost?
mid ahh video untrue ending discord solos L L L ⁉️🫖🫖🫖🫖🫖🫖🫖
❤Hello loved it❤ but I have a suggestion bill cypher vs uncle grandpa I may be delayed and unsubscribe but if you do this then I'll sub ❤❤❤ thanks for hearing me out❤❤❤
I hate mlp
Bill may have won the battle, but he lost the war.
This was the reason I was introduced to my little pony. I had to do research on discord because I had no idea who he was and I was like what in the world is that I gotta admit you introduced it to me and now I kinda can’t stop reading fanfiction but I kinda have y’all to think for that
And somebody tell me what is this music playing in the background?
What type of gibberish was Bill saying at the end💀💀💀
Billy Cipher 1:37 Is His Real Name
Discord’s Fate has been unknown but hopefully survived. I think Bill is there getting out of space and back to earth in the following way.
Discord is a app
What’s our deal bill
14:21  Green day reference on Bill's drums
0:49 no
Ha. Lauren Faustian bargain.
Honestly I think Alastor the Radio Demon from Hazbin Hotel might be able to make a "Deal" with him to win. But I'd most definitely bring Bill back just so I could get a front row seat to watching the multiverse collapse by his hand.
Technically they both lost, Discord is dead and Bill is once more sealed away its kind of a draw.  Now Fluttershy must bring a bouquet to Discord's grave.😢
4:06 "vovevm wvva mfga szs" means in atbash "eleven deez nutz hah"
A-X-O-L-O-T-L, my time has come to burn! I invoke the ancient power that I may return!
Animation is very great
WANTED MAKE A DEAL?
Bendy 14:54
Did anyone notice the Bendy?  14:54
What I love about this fight is that even when Discord lost, he still got the last laugh.
THIS IS SO COOL
This could go either way if discord actually did see the gravity falls ending. Despite Bill having a greater advantage, he also has a weakness that Discord can use against him. Discord weakness is friendship which Bill doesn't have. Bill's weakness is being erased in someone's mind. All Discord has to do is teleport Bill into someone's mind and erase it
16:57 YES you can take my soul
16:29 your old…    16:47 ARGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH…..huh…. not a big deal i ve done this once already WANNA MAKE A DEAL?
ima be honest bills win was completely fair and he couldve beaten discord every day of the week
i accept bills deal
W for bill
Am I really the only one who seen this or Bill became an among us?
13:49 to brown the top of the merangue pie the ingredient's temperature has to reach at least 285° F to start the Maillard reaction which carmalizes the sugars in the topping. Carmelized sugar retains heat long enough to survive a trip through the air and can give you terrible third degree burns damaging multiple layers of skin, flesh, and even nerves. Discord not only aimed for the eye but he has multiple racks of pies ready to heat up and throw making his opening the most brutal opening of all Death Battle History.
Of course the iconic bill dorito 14:36
Bill cipher deserve that dub
You cannot kill a Trickerster.  Period.
This was the most in-character Death Battle I've seen, and I salute you.      I love the ending. I'm a bigger Discord fan, which is why it's so cool that he loses the battle, but wins the war. The trickster being tricked will always be satisfying. And though they're both tricksters, Bill can tend to let his game falter when he has a physical form. When he's trying to make a deal, lies and tricks are all he has, but if he can use his weird powers to blast someone, he will. Discord is more in it for the love of the game, his instinct is to humiliate and break his opponents, not kill them. Loved this so much.
fine DEAL BILL
Bill cipher: that was EZ
I actually feel like because discord sacrificed himself to save  the ponies and Fluttershy
BRO HE DID THE BILLRITO
13:27 ¡Time For battle!
13:18
Discord is more powerful than Bill, but maybe not as devious. That said, Discord being able to open portals on his own while Bill cannot tells me this one isn't up to snuff.
This battle was hard ngl
If Fluttershy hears about this, she'd be so heartbroken and her vengeance arc begins
13:16 fight begins
13:28 is when it starts
now is time for Black Hat
13:26 start of deathbattle
13:26 when the battle starts
This was so cool
wow! it's so cool
13:22
13:34
What's the song at 11:51? It's a christmas song but I can't find *this* particular one in the video.. Btw this was quite an entertaining video to watch! The ending was quite fair, especially that [spoiler] [spoiler] -discord put cipher in his place/dungeon before being taken out-
*sigh* discord and my little pony I was traumatized upon my first experience of this combination
18:35 both had embarrassing moments  😂😂😂
16:58  sure :D
Wait was this made before the book of bill was?
Stop 🛑😡😡
Can you do bill vs goku
Omg I would love to see him appear in a MLP ep. That would be like an ultimate crossover
13:28 is when it finally starts
Who else saw bendy
Yes please let me make a deal
If Bill Cipher interacted with the camera and it moved like a solid object, Bill could just use it to pop a bubble and get the equivalent of potential energy for universe position.
BRO WHAT ARE Y'ALL SEEIN
0:49  I dont like that "Get in the jar."
╱╱┏╮╱╱╱╱╱╱╱╱╱╱ ╱╱┃┃╱╱┳╱┓┳╭┛┳┓ ▉━╯┗━╮┃╱┃┣┻╮┣╱ ▉┈┈┈┈┃┻┛┛┻╱┗┗┛ ▉╮┈┈┈┃▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔ ╱╰━━━╯
𖠨
13:16
I would shake bill’s hand just for the fun of it
13:35
They don't know the lore of bill
Oh, I already said yes to bills cyphers deal
Sure! I'd love to make a deal!
any body catch that backwards message at the end?
I still think Bill is better
16:01 my favorite part
I love how a lot of people would definitely make a deal with Bill, so even though discord screwed up his bills win he still technically gets out pretty easily because I got a feeling a lot of the viewers would definitely take the deal from bill for some odd reason
BILL VS CHIKN NUGGIT!
15:00 hello:)
why is no one talking about bendy and cuphead at 14:54 and 14:56
Ok bill here's the deal my: i will let you out of my dimension but you have to give me fly ability an intelligence 🤝
14:54 BENDY???
16:58 sure why not. What could go wrong?
I
13:28 when it starts
15:24 Both Bill Cipher and Discord make a meta joke- the death battle hosts sometimes refer to their job as "smashing action figures together".
That Betterhelp sponsorship/ad has not aged well.
The fact that this can be canon due to bill exists in every fictional world is crazy
16:58 bet
16:57 i would unser 3 things  1. He dont get my Soul Out of my Body and dont get killed 2. I DONT kill onyone for him  3. I get enuogh Power to Strike aginst him in a emergency
it’s funny how bill turned into a dorito in that 1 scene lol
14:55 There is a cuphead at the background
What is the theme playing at 15:45?
I'm scared goods enough😅😮
u forgot  abt the fact that bill is a ancient god👁👄👁
If you’re wondering Bill Cipher‘s real name is Billy Black
I like when bill said:I A ALL SEEING GOD!
At the 14:54 there is a bendy in backround
5:00
16:09
Bro s delete say hack 💀
13:16 DEATH BATTLE STARTS
14:01 PIE MAN
14:55 BENDY APPEARANCE!!!
♪We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know we'll meet again some sunny day Keep smiling through Just like you always do Drive the dark clouds far away♪
Actually, discord can create other versions of him ALL THOUGH he is completely destroyed as a soul and a body. Discord can't die if he didn't lose his chaotic personality. That makes them equal, they both can't die but still, bill will have the upper hand.
Yeah 👍 getting defeated by kids is crazy Fairfax if you were a p what's happening ™¥™✓} rdhfghdvz JB BBC s kg shs°€=€=€€€=™€÷€°©^©€°=%°€=©✓€¢=%✓°€•=€÷=€®€×=€©=°|=`=€✓€=¢==€=|=€=€°€=%{[√{€=¥===√=¥==|hey it's we are back baby! Ha I thought I would be able to do it for you love you were a little bit better but I tried to
13:17 it starts
The ultimate sacrifice by discord. GG Bill, GG.
You seriously made 13 of the video 13 minutes of the video not even the fight
0:23 How did they know that bill is an euclidien we learned this in the book of bill this is from 1 year ago
14:38 i am his doing
Please do Luffy vs Goku please
15:33 “Sure I love checkers” *proceeds to play 5 different games, none of which are checkers*
Boomstick's backstory is all over the place. One minute he has kids, the next he doesn't, then he’s divorced, then married, and suddenly he has a daughter. It feels like they’re making it up as they go along, and that's not great.
DEAR LORD WHAT GOOD GODS NAME IS THAT?
“I love checkers” proceeds to use a chess piece and a saying from a card game
You've gotta do more MLPFIM death battles.
Fun fact: we probably still don't know what or how strong bill really is.
Goku: I heard your strong  Grand Zeno: 🗿🍷  Luffy Gear 5th: HA HA HA GEAR 5TH  Archie sonic: gata go fast  Deadpool: WHATS GOOD or can I say WHATS BAD
i really wanted to make an dang deal
Hmm i liked that a lot.
13:27 start fight
13:25  where it starts
Not gonna lie, this made me watch Gravity falls.
15:39 I love that laugh way to much
Bills 1 trillion and 12 years old
14:51 COOL AID MAN???
I'm gonna do the deal now...... AAAAA MY HAND ITS BERNING
What I can’t tell who won lol
14:36 bill cipher turns into a Dorito
I was trying to watch this beautiful video in peace, but my dogs won’t let me 😔
Can someone tell me what app they build this animation
Ive seen comments saying he lost the war but won the battle. That perspective is semi inaccurate  The war isnt over until he dies. Hes still out there.
Bro i wan to to see Alistair from the husband hotel vs bill cipher from gravity falls man me and my brther are so excited to see that
Am not really Discord plays bills mind He is trapped again in his dimencion so discord wins but.... is dead its so sad
16:55
I was watching this and as soon as the Bill Cipher recap was over, telling us that Bill might reincarnate somewhere else, an ad started playing. The ad was one of those Ferrero Rocher ads where they show you a big pyramid made out of those golden Ferrero Roche balls wrapped... and it totally freaked me out.
moro is such a talented animator man...
this episode felt most like a cartoon fight club video
14:32, 15:41, 16:31  And 16:52  best scenes
That stupid pony-thing never stood a chance
Bill Cipher superior Discord inferior.
What do you mean this episode is a year old????
I love the part "Sure i love chackers"
14:55  bendy?
I kind of wanted it to end like this   FINALLY 1 BILLION YEARS PROPHECY HAS COME TO PASS AND NOW THAT STUPID GOAT IS GONE THE WORLD IS FINALLY MINE Edit: did anyone notice discord flipping bill off??? 16:18
12:07 ITS me a DORITO VS A I DONT REALLY KNOW KIND OF CREATURE HAHAHAHA
Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye! - bill cipher
6:58 story 13:27 battle!
can you do cuphead vs bill cipher
IN THE BATTLE WHEN DISCORD ATE BILL (while bill was a dorito) HE SAID: "a tad bit Euclydean for my taste" THAT WAS A HINT OF BILLS SPECIES LORE IS EVERYWHEREEE
I didn't think Boomstick had kids, let alone a daughter! Is he at least a good dad?
16:48 until 16:51
☝️🤓 um actually, its call Euclydia. Not the nightmare realm.
loved that star trek Q refrence xD
🤝 I have handsh- H̵̨̭̥̟̩̹̦͎͊̆̒̉̌̄͂̈́Ȩ̵̠̬͇̫͕̾͊L̴̘̟̐͠L̴̘̟̐͠Ơ̴̻̻̭͂̐̑̄̐́ T̶̨̫̝̖̺̯̒̐͠H̵̨̭̥̟̩̹̦͎͊̆̒̉̌̄͂̈́Ȩ̵̠̬͇̫͕̾͊R̸̨̻̭͕̳̖͔͆̈́́͋̅Ȩ̵̠̬͇̫͕̾͊ Ì̴̝̰̽̀̃͒́͂̃͛̕Ņ̵̧̠͒T̶̨̫̝̖̺̯̒̐͠Ȩ̵̠̬͇̫͕̾͊R̸̨̻̭͕̳̖͔͆̈́́͋̅Ņ̵̧̠͒Ȩ̵̠̬͇̫͕̾͊T̶̨̫̝̖̺̯̒̐͠!
I love how Discord immediately turns his attention to Fluttershy's poster as if none of the other mane six matter-
ok
The henchmaniacs
I like to see their is a lot of wrong info on many death battle videos
As we knew now, home dimension of Bill Cipher is Euclydia
bro wasted my time waiting for the fight to begin💀
The combatants introductory images at the beginning of the episode are all messed up for some reason. Another thing is, in the thumbnail, the combatants are overlapping the divider between them and the logo is crooked for whatever reason.
This went HARD!! why have I never watched this channel before????
Help !  Bill wants to destroy the world
Who won?
No big deal Wana make a dieal
GUYS YOU MISSED A FEW THINGS ABT BILL!!!!! HIS BOOK IS OUT. MAKE A NEW DEATH BATTLE WHERE HE TALKS ABOUT BILLS PARENTS
BATTLE OF THE GODS
Bill Cipher is powerful which is why he is would 100% win. But Discord is also strong so yeah but Bill on top.
bill i accept your deal
15:00 Well, this YouTube Channel just went too far!
HE JUST SAID EUCLIDIAN BEFORE THE BOOK FO BILL CAME OUT
13:25 is when this starts
I’m not a fan of either show but I gotta believe that it makes a difference that Bill Cypher died in somebody’s mind while Discord is still around shouldn’t that play out
Anyone watching this after reading The Book of Bill
Team bill🎉
16:08 ?
14:54 bendy!!!
It's kind of fitting this video is sponsored by two companies that are known to profit from the exploitation of the mentally unwell.
The battle starts on 13:26
Wait who won?
Erm Bill Saifer actually lives in a cartoon that’s why he has whatever the force is called
I DID IT, I MEMORISED THE WHOLE DEATH BATTLE OFF BY HEART!
Is Norway this guy just say you want to make a deal ok
what song called
Oh yeah, we can see an Easter egg. You could see Kool-Aid versus the character from. From WWE. 14:46
14:51  I KNOW THAT DUDE
Yipppe my bf won
Anyone in 2024? 👇
Deal!
If you don’t know what bill said at the end he said “Reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram bye gold (or guys) bye”
yea sure bill I wanna make a deal
death battle starts at 13:15
*vs discord * XD
13:50
14:53 Among us refrence
Poor Fluttershy :(
14:33, my favourite part: Discord takes the high ground by going kaiju.
This was the most creative, well animated Death Battle episode ever!
Can somebody translate what bill said at the end?
The skip button is there 12:07
Bill solos
16:58 sure why not
Can you guys make Stolas vs The Lich
3:14 Not sure if this was ever mentioned in the show it self, but the seeing through bill eye shaped things into our world became canon on the Book of Bill
Bill cipher, if desired, can destroy the planet with a snap of his finger, but here he lost to some dragon cook
you know bills mad when he shifts from 64-bit into animation
You know... it still annoys me that they show Bill doing things he clearly couldn't do. Bill SAID he could do some of the things that were shown in that fight. Bill has never actually shown any major powers that put him anywhere near Discord's league. I'd say he's nowhere near the level of The Collector from The Owl House. All of his best tricks were shown when he was in Soos' or Gideon's head. In reality... he was able to grow as big as a house, shoot lasers, turn people into statues, and create Mabel's tiny rainbow kingdom.   I mean, it's still a lot, but in hindsight... you'd expect more from all the hype, wouldn't you say? Bill is presented as smart, but he's being fooled by a bunch of kids and old people. Bill is presented as having unlimited power, but in the end, he looks like nothing more than a rich magician.  I don't understand why he's considered powerful when all that stands behind the legend of his limitless power is his own words. The words of a notorious liar - just a reminder.   I don't argue that within the framework of the Gravity Falls universe, in which every character is limited by human capabilities and no one has been able to show even slightly impressive destructive potential, Bill really does look like an all-powerful god. But compared to all the creatures he's often put in the same league with? The guy looks like nothing more than a child whose lie went too far, but who is simply afraid to admit that he lied about his powers, already surrounded by guys who can kill him with their minds.
K, what about this? Cartoon cat vs. Bendy
NOOOOOOOOO I WAS CHEERING FOR YOU DISCORD
1:45 his dimension is not from nightmare realm I forgot the name of this home but it was like 2D
"sure, i love checkers!" *Proceeds to drop a giant knight, then say smth about fish*
Tonight on a special episode of gravity falls
And now we have the book of bill
New proxim.  Chaos King (Marvel) vs Discord and Bill. ¿Who win?.
I wonder what that secret message that was backwards in the end was
Discord: "you won't handle my power of friendship"  Bill: '"oh no, what will I do? How about this!"  *Removes discord from existance*
14:54 BENDY!
Bill's only weaknesses are extremely situational and require multiple variables to be involved  A 1v1 is a death sentence
I would say yeah I would make a deal
bill didnt even use 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001% of his power lol
14:35 THAT’S IT * unbills your cipher*
why everyone suckin discords meat? blud more respect for bill he cool
14:54 they really predicted inkwell my god- 16:29 BRO THE BILL LORE FORESHADOW HERE -
Among us 14:53
bros only yapping
14:36 now I totally thinking Bill is dorito
the second discord snapped before we saw real people, an ad triggered and I was actually shocked by it a bit. 💀
coming soon: DREAM DEMON vs Dr.Golden
Damn, discord last insult was amazing. The fact that he wrote the letter at the begging shows he knew he would likely lose.
*get in the jar* GOT ME😂😂😂😂
Discord debió ganar el combate es más poderoso q bils clave . Cuando discord ya cuando entro a su mente hay ya lo debió aver borrado y además lo ubiera  convertido en piedra y el espíritu de discord no se rompe ya q el puede crear un cuerpo a voluntad propia
16:48 HOW DO I UNDERSTAND HIS ANGER
13:45 today bill cypher learned a new lesson about friendship
Так получается что билл убил его?
14:36 Nah thats wild
I love the trade off towards the end. Discord acts like they’re on par with each other.  “We may be evenly matched Bill…”  And then the response from Bill, showing he’s done playing around.  “Oh, you think we’re EQUALS?”
Even though the winner of this fight is Bill Cipher, I personally believe that the true victor is Discord. Think about this since his friends are safe from harm now and if they follow his instructions that he left behind (which could be creating enough chaos) then Discord will reappear. So if you look at this fight in another way with enough chaos Discord will come back and be reunited with his friends, while Bill will be forever trapped in his dimension.
Bro this animation is the best!
woww
To Bill: Gladly.
One of bills names is uqtAniRiaan
I love how bill has baddie lashes
Let’s gooooo my fav character aka bill won!
What about discord moderators vs discord
2:35 if you pause exactly here,you can see bills eye is a cross before turning back to an vertical oval
So that’s where Bill was pre-season one.
14:50 I need to know what genre the music would be here tbh
Mostly he saying is true the one thing they forgot that discord is the most powerful MLP character I can agree the bill cipher can beat discord though   But there fight is peak
This is wild
Post book of bill is an easy bill w
Who else noticed bendy in the old part?
The a tad too uclideon line just hits different with the book of bill out
If you play bills final sentence in the show he says A-X-O-L-O-T-L. Crazy to think the book of bills plot might have been in production 8 YEARS ago.
Saved his dimension at the cost of his life. I’d call that a tie
14:41 THEY ACTUALLY GUESSED BILL'S DIMENSION BEFORE IT WAS REVEALED
“Wanna make a dea-“ YES. 🤝
In no universe does Bill lose to Discord. Discord isn't weak or anything, but compared to Bill Cipher, he litteraly has no chance
Nice bill won! But what if.. it a discord moderator💀
PLEASE DO BILL CIPHER VA RICK SANCHEZ! have a bet riding on that… 😂
YES I WILL DP A DEAL
Low-key best death battle
16:59 sure! Let’s do it!
1:44 bro lost to sans lmao
Gumball
Who the hell won
In a way was Discord using the elements of friendship? 🩵Loyalty: Not leaving his friends  💝Laughter: Keeping things humorous  🧡Honesty: Letting Bill know he know how he lose 🤍Generosity: Self sacrifice  💛Kindness: Leaving a goodbye note  and of course, 💜Magic
Bill solo
Them: Why is Bill Cipher your favorite Gravity Falls character? Me: IDK, he has no redeeming qualities at all. I just do.
peppino vs Mario
16:38 i really feel bad for flutershy because she dont know that hes not coming back but she will read the letter anyway and now that he was a brave guy protectin equestria from bill
14:30   That's freaking Maybelle! Mable's Ponysona from the MLP Comics!
BIlL SOlOs
Alex Hirsch said all appearances of Bill in other media is canon soooo...
Nah... both of them can't died.They r the chaos gods after all.
Could you do Cyn from murder drones vs Alastor from Hazbin Hotel?
BUY CRIPTO SUCKER!!!!!!!!
aren’t there unicorns in the equestriaverse..? Unicorn hair..?
It's funny how Discord foreshadowed Euclydia
I’ll shake his hand……
Huh... Showing bill's flashback seems more traumatizing now that the book of bill showed that he did ruin his planet and regrets it deeply
Even Anime Verse Can't Beat Them😭
Wew
When this discord eats bill cycly he knew his past by saying is euclidean
His real home is cheese cracked his two Elementary he's 2D and he's fat he do not have and that's why he did that he's not even fought in the place you like a pancake your pancake it kind of like that
'"Get in the jar"💀
5:27
My stupid ass st thr end:nahh if win😎
“I! AM A ALL SEEING, GOD!” That’s when I knew discord was cooked
13:25 here’s the actual battle
after reading the book of bill, this is uh… a little more clear of a victory
So who won?
CUAL ES EL TRATO
Happy one year anniversary of one of the best death battles ever.
Nobody saw bendy and cuphead at 14:54?
7:40 undertale toriel reference!!?!?!?!
Am I the only one who noticed the reference to the Randy Savage vs Kool-Aid Man battle?
Penetrating the mind of the mind demon was the worst mistake of Diskord
Happy 1st anniversary, Billcord! Hoping for a remake with an actual analysis that doesn't inflate Bill's power and feats and where Discord is the winner.
Ye
Lets be fr, Bill definitely won the fight coz discord is dead... But bill is trapped again so who reallllly won
I've been waiting to make a deal with bill...
Well technically bill cant restore his own soul the axolotl did that and unlike bill discord can travel into any dimension on his own
❤bill
Bendy? 14:54
Can you do bill vs kirby
13:27
am i the only person who noticed the bendy vs cuphead reference in the fight?
The backword message is “Reality is an illusion buy gold, bye!”
Did anyone notice Bendy
I sold my soul to bill cipher for a snickers bar🥰✌🏻
0:50  Who saw this??
that one was obvious
w bill
Qué tiene la Copa yo creo que Bill porque Bill yo lo gané además qué significa ganaste boludo bueno a veces no pero es fuera de combate a veces por qué no ganó Bill eh por qué no ganó Bill a ver si me voy a enojar contigo😢
Bro discord like bezel ini chikin nuggit
Wanna make a deal
14:30
Bro turned into a dorito
😮🙂
At the end, Bill says something backwards and this is what he said: reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, bye gold bye
Bro bill would just use the same spell he used on time baby  HE SOLOS
I AM ALL SEEING GOD!!!! (Bill cipher)
I saw the title and clicked cause I thought you meant the app
Where Bill comes from is the 2d dimension not the nightmare realm
3:26 confirmed, he is the most powerful being in cartoon History
“dear friends, i’ll gone to a better place. Stay away from the triangle man. He is dangerous. Do not trust him. I love you all, thank you in believing in me.”  ~Discord
13:28  Intro+Sponsor skip RIGHT HERE
17:00 K.O Bill Cipher
😧😧😧😧😧😧 BENDY!?!?!?!?!
Mf they would literally become friends💀
As soon as he said, wanna make a deal, I said sure😂
both of them are theoretically unkillable, bill via calling on the axolotl because that guys to nice for his own good, and discord because if chaos exists, so does he, and chaos will always exist
4:35  Dance
4:13 what did the yellow reverse part say
Bros add is gonna get you gambling and once you lose you money you get therapy💀
12:10 is when it starts sorry it was 13:29
Bill: hey axy *snaps his fingers* Axilottle: yes bill? Bill: I invoke that u kill him  Axilottle: why? Bill: bc hé escaped prison Discord:what? Axilottle: ok *teleports him to the prism*
They're pixel and Did Bill Turn into a Dorido 14:35 and did Discord's Head exploded 14:43 now There Playdo 14:49 Now Do a cartoon 14:53 now that Puppets 14:58
9:08 this is a lie actually, discord obtained grogars bell because he got 3 other villains to get it for him.
"I love checkers!" *crushes him with a chess piece* "Go fish!"
at 14:29 you can see rick and morty on the top left 14:30 you can see diper and maple
Most gamblers quit before winning big
I love that 3D animation footage at the end so much,the combination of 2D and 3D art style gives me inspirations
Two sponsors wherewe?
My boy bill did win but not in the way I thought he would
They should have brought back john delancey to do Discord voice
Here🫲
Do a death battle with saiki kusuo vs bill cipher.
Headcanon: With the Book Of Bill being a thing saying Bill is stuck in the Theraprism by Axolotl with that ankle bracelet on restricting his powers, Axolotl saw this fight and saw Discord as someone Bill could be, so helped speedran his revival process in return for being Bill's sponsor to help him grow.
59:59
14:54 wtf is bendy?
Tbh this video was posted on a bad day☠️
14:54 THAT BENDY CAMEO IN THE BACKGROUND
13:27
so at the end of the fight if someone deals with bill, bill can escape from the trap?
ONE YEAR AGO!!! Can’t believe how fast time has passed, this is still my favourite S10 Death Battle episode. Bill may have won the fight but Discord got the last laugh.
W bill
The Dorito is crazy tho😂
Can anyone tell me what was that thing at the end says?
That’s what bill needs Better Help and that where he is
I don't watch My Little Pony so I thought this was gonna be Bill getting into arguments with strangers on Discord
Bill is my favorite character from gravity falls
13:27 battle starts 16:45 battle ends
Yes
Victims of alastor
16:59 ok bet what’s in it for me?
14:54 - Bendy!
Omg I know I am late but I just the next Deadpool death battle..... Even though saw it before I watched this video again... But still omg 😢😅😊🎉
Face reveal
Bill is real name is Billy
Teh start of da battle 12:45
One video of death battles I agree with.
When does this take place in gravity falls?
is no one going to talk about how death battle somehow knew bill was a euclydean even thouggh that wasnt told when this was made
Discord or Discord mod
Bill cipher vs alien x
15:01 lol 14:54 BENDY
13:29 when it starts
The budget to make this is impressive!👏👏👏
I meant burn
OXOATL my time has come to work and vote the agent power that may return Stanley
Yeah, I don't think discord actually died there, as long as chaos exists, so will he
Angry bill: AHhhh
“When Equestria falls and Earth becomes sky, fear the beast with just one eye.”
13:23
16:59  STFU,BILL!
Ill gladly make a deal
0:49 the GET IN THE JAR got me
0:50 the GET IN THE JAR got me
This video is 10% yapping but still 7.5/10
After he said he is Carefree Bill ciphers going to break his owner body and him controlling his insides broken create so many of themselves you can really put them inside himself
18:54 lo que esté dead battle no está tomando en cuenta es que cuando alguien se mete con fluttershy discord no se toma las cosas a juego y se las toman en serio de hecho los creadores de este death battle son conscientes de ese detalle pero se hacen pendejos
16:36 Even though he was in his ghostly form, he could still have control over space, thus closing the portal, which still made them really mad that a triangle beats them.
Bills lose to kids but won against discord💀🙏
not what I thought it'd be but the animation was amazing
Wait fam how the heck did they know about Euclydia pre book of billl
Bill won the battle but discord won the war, but bill didnt die, so would that be a tie...?
14:25 where did his tie go
15:15 bro really said John Luke😭☠️
the fact that he turned him into a dorito is goofy as hell lol 😭
13:28
14:54 chat, is that bendy?
Bills home is flat
13:26  if youre impatirnt
We most simple character design vs most complex design
Who won
“I got some children to make into corpses” -Bill Cipher
I dont wanna make a deal with you bill
1:00 best thing🥶🥶👌👌👌🤌🤌🤌🤌🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥💯💯💯💯💯
Ok Bill i make a deal
Theirs a twist,number discord dose't have a sprite he IS the sprite,he gave himself a physical from(we could see this in the episode where he was disappearing,number 2 in the episode where he made himself a ghost he didn't do it cuz he lost his body he did it cuz he wanted to,number 3 in the episode where discord was disappearing his soul wasn't disappearing HIS BODY was,because of all of this discord would still be alive after bill crushed his "soul"
“A tad Euclidean for my taste” how did I not notice sooner 😔 14:37
Then how did I Escape therapy?
🤨no me importa que digande mi teoria si en mi little pony hay unicornios y en graviti ball nose como se escribe , bueno no inporta el pelo de unicornio protege la cabaña del poder de bill no deberia poder entra a este univrso magico por que hay miles de unicornios
We'll meet again!
I love how bill cipher rages after the rift was closed
13:56 THIS MUSIC FIRE
14:55 IS THAT BENDY FROM THE INK MACHINE?
bill solos
Discord: "How about a different game?" (Pulls out some dnd dice) Bill: "Sure! I love checkers!" (crushes him with a chess piece) Bill: "Go fish!"
16:56 yesyesyesyeyseysyeyeyeyeyeyysyesyssyyesseyesyesyeyyeyesysyxydyuetdsyysgaywuquydtyagsaujdhj
This was a very cool video keep it up!
14:37 Euclidian for your taste??? Has discord been to bills home world before.
Did anyone else notice the backward talking
DEATH BATTLE! 13:26
14:55  Bendy reference?
Can someone tell me the soundtrack of music in here?
I dont like it when Death Battle makes the heroes kill each other, but when it comes to villains, I’m all for it if they outwit or kill each other
Yes
Bro Discord is too strong for Bill. Y’all need to do more research
I love how his name is legit DISCORD
Bill is just as goffy as gear 5 luffy
Not even close
Lose and yet can trap bill
⚠️👁♾️🫡🫡🔁🫣🤫😰🥶😈💪💪🔥🔥🔥
It would be cool for Discord or Bill to battle The Mask, 2 ungodly beings battling each other to the death
Bill low dif ngl
There is a backwards message around at 19:25
There is a secret message around at the end of the video
Oh my god, I just realized: 16:18 is referencing Stan's killing blow against Bill.
16:58 sure
Do one with Arceus pleaee
PLS DO BILL VS ALASTOR PLS but overall good video loved it
I hate mlp for no reason, so Bill wins 32,000%
Bruh bill cipher is a trillilion years temporal god...
so are you saving shuma gorath for Cthulhu
@Death Battle , PLEASEEEEE can you make a fight between Bill cipher and infinity ultron , a face off id pay to see 🙏🙏
That? 's Triangle man. Fine day hidden secret
Discord server.
fun fact: bill's home dimension, euclydia,is sort of like flatland. in flatland shapes had their eyes on the outer edges of themselves, only being able to see this: | meanwhile, bill, his eye mutation was actually just having his eye on the middle of his body, which is why he could see up into the 3d world
Correct me if I'm wrong but Discord screwing over Bill in the end makes him the only character to die and still win the fight XD
Uh Bill cifer i don’t have a mind
When introducing Bill, it sounded like he was going to say something like a Dorito
surely both kind of immortal and cousing chaos but bill literaly kill someone when discord never did so thats make if he was able to kill someone
14:40 A tad "euclidean" you say? Interesting given this came out almost a year before the Book of Bill
Mhm yes id accept your deal but youb be big like giant big big
16:59 no
Ok
No way Discord was a name in a My Little Pony 😂
I'll accept a deal if only we both get what we want and don't want
Nah bill wins no diff
16:14 next few scenes remind me of B.F.B tbh
I love how in 16:15 it mentions the saying "eyes are the window to the soul"
nloo ph sohdvh- Stanford Pines talking about a lepricorn in journal 3.
14:55 BENDY?!
Discord vs a literally Dorito chip
It starts at 13:23
Discord better 😒
He went to therapy
The fact, better help is the sponsor for this, and the book of bill has him in the thearaprism, is so ironic.
14:55 BENDY !:D
14:24 I love the Green Day drum that says “Weird Day” instead nice touch lol
Yes yes yes yes
Can you animated Lord xeba from her amnesia vs bill chiper from gravity Falls
13:30
Bill Is better
Whoever voiced bill in this went crazy
Jus imagine if that was a sneak peek of gravity falls season 3
The Book of Bill released like a week, and disproved a lot of “facts” they mentioned to something even more disturbing. I honestly think bill could of won faster
i accept the bargain with bill cipher
Bill's name is just billy
After seeing a few times, I can't get over that those two went to the bubbles of madness. 14:49
this budget must’ve been insane
im curious during the fight when discord was gonna eat bill why did bill turn into an actual dorito?
Actually, Bill lost, but discord "died". Because he can actually respawn due to chaos in his realm.
Knowing Fluttershy will never see discord again
Bills real name is billy
I disagree with the result, and here's why. The whole idea of the KO was that Discord would make himself into a spirit in an attempt to imitate Stanley's trick with the memory gun. This was what allowed Bill to erase him, as he was only a ghost.  However, Discord's the manipulation guy. He's a genius. That's his entire shtick, as seen in The Return of Harmony when he plays the mane six right into his hands. While normally carefree, this time Fluttershy is in danger, invoking seriousness such as in To Where And Back Again, where he didn't hesitate to try and snap his fingers and instantly fix everything. Bill needs to be in the mindscape, Discord going into Bill's is not the same. I don't think he would be that dumb in the given scenario.  So what do I think would've really happened? Since Discord says in the fight he's watched Gravity Falls, I believe he would've simply gone to the scene where Ford's about to shoot the quantum destabilizer, which would've killed Bill for good had it hit him in the eye (in the book of Bill, he himself admits it's a weakness of his), snatched Ford to the present moment and aimed him at bill.  Lastly, whether Bill can or not actually eradicate souls from existance is debatable. The guys in the footage shown weren't actual souls, but Mabel's imaginary friends. And I'd also argue Bill is unable to directly kill. He knew Dipper was a threat to Mabel's bubble. If he was really that all-powerful, wouldn't Bill simply have warped Dipper out of existence? No, he needed to put Gideon on the case. And later we see him pissed off and needing to actually chase the two puny human kids down, when he was pissed off and surely just wanted them dead.
I know Bill cipher
Gru vs Megamind Sandman vs Clayface Jimmy Neutron vs Dexter (Dexter's Laboratory)
13:23 is when they start
80% yapping  20% fight
0:0 yap yap yap STOP YAPPING JUST SHOOW THE FIGHT APREADY:/
DID ANYONE ELSE CATCH THE “Tad Euclidean for my taste 😒”
Yes I wanna make a deal😈😈
16:57 AH! Backup dude! I don't 0_0 SHI-
Really hope that both Alex Hirsch and Lauren Faust see this.
Fluttershy looking for Discord at the end shatters my heart. Whether its romantic or purely platonic, they clearly love each other
16:57 Me encanta como lo dice🥰
Me encantas Bill!!!!!! 🤩🤩🤩🤩
Bill: If not in Gravity Falls, then somewhere else. 😅
14:48 BILL: I AM THE MASTER OF CHAOS!!!!   DISCORD: NO, I AM THE MASTER OF CHAOS!!!!!
If you trying skip the scaling 13:24
i feel like bill couldve just vaporized discord
"I'M AN ALL SEEING *GOD!*" 16:07
“LET ME OUT OF HERE OR ILL EAT YOUR DREAMS!!!” 🤣🤣🤣
So who won? 17:04
Билл же бог времени и так далее почему он не смог вернуться назад
Bezel vs discord
13:27 is where it starts
Bill could literally do anything, and I mean ANYTHING! he could set the universe to have a fate worse than death, he just likes to toy with his victims and hold back.
yay
I don't know about anyone else... But I'd like to see how Ponyville got to that state and what happens when the ponies realize Discord's sacrifice. I mean... THERE IS A STORY FOR THIS EPISODE
2024, still my favorite fight, animation, and voicing, this is just the BEST one EVER
Death Battle was kinda cool for this one, ngl.  Ignoring the death battle side of things though, I'd see them being friends. They're both silly and chaotic.
wouldn't it make sense if, it was a tie because they both have, toon power?
did anyone else see bendy from batim
These battles are always so stylized. Big Ups to the animators.
Porfavor, bill ceafher es mas poderoso que almenos un solo caballo universal
16:48 Really good animation there
Did Alex see this
This made me laugh 15:10 😂
AMONG US!!! 14:53
16:57 Bet.
is this cannon
16:56 yes
Bill is in therapy now
literally bill won thanks to the script but bill itself cannot beat discord since discord's soul cannot be eliminated so for the other it is better to find out more
"get in the jar" - text
Это было клёво
14:54 BENDY?
bill was enjoying this for sure
15:33 Sure! I love checkers! *Proceeds to summon a chess piece*
Robbed by sans in a tumblr sexyman poll is diabolical.
Bill cypher may have won but discord got the last laugh but seriously this episode was amazing It feels like a crossover
Butter help noooo
Lmao I thought it was Bill vs the messaging platform
This is me at the start of the video where he went after invoking the axolotl is now known corrections facility
Unbelievable they just happened to write "euclidian" considering the new Bill Lore of his home dimension
The fact that we don’t even know to much about bill yet it’s crazy how strong he is already
I'll Accept your Deal Bill, :)
I love this battle. Easily my favorite on Death Battle. I love the story put into this and I especially love the ending.  It’s pretty creative that even though Discord lost the Death Battle, he still won the battle for Equestria.
Nah, sans is the ultimate tumblr sexyman. 😅
What's even funnier is JDL would 100% be down to voice Discord... For the shits. And. Giggles.
... wait since he hangs out with fluttershy and friends wouldnt he be covered in unicorn hair?
they nerfed discord so bad
13:57 song starts here
0:01
“I’M. AN ALL. SEEING. GOD!” My favorite line in the whole video
But.. Bill Wins? (I know speak english)
Bill cypher vs Penwise.......... Could be interesting......... Honestly true ties should stay true ties.........i didn't like either candidate, however i when knew it would be an even match.
Get in the jar
THAT WAS AWESOME
0:58 tai lung spotted!
I LOVE BILL CIPHER
I NEVER KNEW THIS EXISTED
arkowlhousefan casually watching this:
14:54 In this part I was bendy 😀
16:59 I'm making the deal
*get in the jar*
14:01 what song is that (its in the background)
17:02 um too late
Do cheetah vs catara please?
Bill cipher looks so fuckable here
LET ME OUT OR ILL EAT YOU'RE DREAMS!
13:27 the battle starts
14:48 Tell me discord. Have you won any awards? for best dressed? cuz call me impressed. Not a single part of you matches, it all clashes. You'll probably look better once i've burnt you to ashes!
13:26 start/начало
bill the best
I dont know if bill can win against the whole discord community
What was the yappiachino ahh sound at the end bill made💀
Awesome
The fact bill said"you wanna make a deal?!" I didn't stuffer and said let's shake on it💀
16:57 yes 😜
bro nerfed bill cipher
I do agree that Billy Cipher would win a fight against discord
I though it was the app discord
14:54, did you guys see Bendy as a flower?
17:00 ya know even though i saw you murder a guy i think ill make a deal
But i made the deal before they told me
13:25 where the fight starts
Let me preface this by saying that I do not care who actually wins or loses here. It means nothing to me. I only come here because this video adds to the pile of Bill Cipher wanks.  Apparently Bill is even weaker than he is commonly portrayed by powerscale(rs) wankers thanks to new info from the book of bill.   First things are a list of his weaknesses. His second weakness is literally wearing tinfoil because it blocks him from going inside your head.  The next one is Fiddleford's mind, which is later elaborated through a backstory from when bill decided to enter the crazy old man's mind. From what bill described, fiddleford's mind was collapsing like a neutron star and he notes how he couldn't decode what the heck his mind has turned into. Then bill recalls how he was struck by a 'single spark from memory inferno' like laser through butter, a kind of pain that wasn't hilarious.  That experience has legit given Bill trauma and he even begged the reader to destroy it, and would reward anyone who could do it.  From this it is correct to say bill can't handle the pressure of a collapsing neutron star and thus the inside of a black hole, and neither could he decode a black hole, so not so much of an "all knowing triangle".   There are definitely more embarrassing weaknesses but before you could see them, bill lifts up the page in anger and then forces you to read (some pages of) the Great Gatsby. This is by far the most evil thing he has done.   Forwards to his backstory, we learn that hiis eye was gifted with a vision that allowed him to see 3D things, but the part about how he destroyed his world was censored by a bunch of static mess. But to fill the gaps, imma borrow from someone else, there's "a theory going around, that stated that Bill destroyed his dimension by literally changing their perspective. Changing their positioning from vertical to horizontal, as seen in his eye in the weirdmageddon episodes, so that everyone could see the stars. Well that scene isn’t the only evidence for this happening. As we know from the website, Bill has an odd phobia of Venetian blinds. What do Venetian blinds do? They go from vertical to horizontal (or the other way).  The burning part might be because by changing the position of his world, they were now in the direct rays of their sun."  So basically, he only ""burned"" his own home dimension by shifting its plain, facing them toward the sun and burning the world to ash. Bill wanted everyone else to see the 3rd dimension, and they all died due to his action. The world ended, they all broke into static.  Oh yeah there's also a part during his later "adult" years where he stated that the edge of reality was getting closer and closer to his nightmare realm every second. Bill states that "anyone who wasn't hunkered down in a stable dimension when this edge passed would be instantly erased from reality". His friends were scared of this and Bill had to set out to invade other dimensions to survive and continue the chaos.   This indicates that Bill cannot survive universe ending events and he cannot "reality-warp" the event out of it or to make it disappear either.
16:49 red big bill cipher
This is one of the first videos where I actually knew both characters well and it was deeply satisfying Both characters were handled extremely well, I loved the voice acting and the fight itself was some of the most creative works I’ve ever seen! And the ending was perfect! The best part is reading the comments and watching people pick apart and analyze every part it’s really cool ❤
1:49 his name ( by his parents )is canonically Billy
17:00 k.o
13:26 chiến đấu
16:48 crashout moment💀💀💀
Yes
Imagine getting beaten by a brony
Easy dub for Bill
16:49 wow
But discord did not destroy a universe tho so bill solos
yes i’d like to make a deal
I bet the captions thought that flexible is fuckible
13:26 fight starts
persnoly i think they would becoume freinds
Discord is king of Chaos Cipher is The Chaos itself
14:36
watch the show more carefully.  Discord told Starlight in plain text that he couldn’t be killed, disembodied, etc., he just played along with her to have fun.  So Bill Cipher and Discord would most likely fight forever.  Well, Discord won.  He can reassemble himself, it's a piece of cake for him
Just like Stan, the only way to truly defeat Bill is to sacrifice one self.  And so Discord had actually won this battle. While Bill only won in strength.
OMG YAZ! Time to finally finish what bill cipher started
I don't know what death battle is on making a dragon horse fight the dream god Bill
This episode is PEAK Death Battle. :)
2:32  WAS THAT A JJK REFRENCE?!?!?!
He’s not a Dorito🤬
crazy how bill cipher easily solos
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war.
can we get a jevil vrs bill?
Bill's more stronger
I have another one you should do.
So, we now know what happened to Bill after the events of Weirdmageddon! Spoilers for the Book of Bill: - - - Bill pleaded to the Axolotl for another chance at life, feigning remorse for his crimes.* He thought the Axolotl would fall for this ploy, but he didn't expect the fate it decided for him. The Axolotl gave Bill what he hated the most, as well as what he needed the most: Therapy. It sent Bill's half-dead soul to a place called the Theraprism, where malevolent entities are rehabilitated before being reincarnated into a new form. Bill wrote the Book of Bill during the Therapeutic Journaling Arts and Crafts Hour, in an attempt to get someone to shake his statue's hand and summon him once again. Did it work? Well, that depends... Wanna make a deal?  *This might not have been completely a lie. Bill was born in a 2-dimensional world very similar to the story Flatland. Everyone there was a geometric shape only capable of seeing 1-dimensional images of 2-dimensional space, like how we can only see 2-dimensional images of 3-dimensional space. However, Bill was born with a rare defect in his eye that allowed him to see the third dimension. Much like in Flatland, it was forbidden to talk about higher dimensions. Nobody else knew what Bill meant when he was talking about the stars or "looking up." Bill was frustrated by these flat beings with flat dreams, so he tried to liberate his dimension so everyone could see what he saw. There was screaming, burning, and something about the sitcom Family Matters, until only Bill remained, covered in blood. Bill could have repressed this memory and might truly believe that he liberated his dimension and that everyone was thankful for it.
wait how did u know about euclydian?
16:25 Discord: You may have outsmarted me, but I have outsmarted your outsmarting.
Weird day - greenday
If discord is fueled by disharmony/chaos wouldn’t bill just continually keep giving him more power?
One day we have AI so advanced it could create the ultimate battle royal of all fiction, every year it would recreate a whole new one with recent data. It would be like AM except instead of war, it's purpose would be this... over and over again, all for our entertainment.
I found this from YouTube shorts and um it really disappoint even thought idk who discord is
His real name is Billy but he goes by Bill because he killed his parents
Discord you are the worst
I love you bill
Bill is the best 👁️🔺😊
Yeah go dill
13:20
did you see sans at 14:22
BILL WINS,  discord is getting HUMBLED, ITS NIT EVEN CLOSE
Tho you could say boþ of them boþ won and loss in different ways  Bill won by killing discord but lost by being trapped back in the nightmare dimension  While discord won by saving his friends from Bill but lost by dying  But since this is DEATH battle this is semantic
I like that discord stopped him from invading equestria at the cost of his own life
I watched MLP- but I like Bill Cipher more than Discord (I've watched his show ever since) soo... I'm happy that he won even if he is an evil entity as well as I'm happy he got his torture of staying here 😃
I love checkers “pulls out a knight from chess” 15:34
Two words: Unicorn hair. If Discord had created a full body unicorn hair sweater, Bill wouldn't have been able to lay a finger on him.   Also, bits like Dorito Bill and "a tad bit Euclidean" hit differently after the Book of Bill. :D
the reason discord was dissapearing was because he was not being chaotic, so as long as he is chaotic he should be fine, also bill was also erased
16:58 LOLLL
This is old
Could we get a link to the background song?
Nvm
Battle starts at 13:26
Never watched my little pony but discord looks so funny😂😂
16:15 that's actually pretty smart. Considering that bill had entered Stan's mind by leaving his physical form behind. He couldn't really well... Do something like that to stop him.
I love how Bill can be 2d and be 3D whenever he wants. it’s just so funny to me
Triangle doing JoJo reference
FORAFOR
Na na na he could have teleported away
Chapter 3
Center 3
Bill will keep going to be alive
largest dorito, big hat, big limbs, one eye.
Dorito man vs lizard dude
I can summarize this… unstoppable force vs immovable object
15:18:41 was my fav part
Allmighty dorito vs lisard
No one is talking about bendy
what does the last thing say at 1:37 edit: also 4:06
How did discord become cartoonish when he ate dorito cipher.
Ay Bill U Trying To Go In Real Life Bro? I’m not Doing a Deal 16:56
14:55  WAS THAT BENDY!?
Realistically in bills own world discord would be stronger as he cant die at all and the only way to seal him is to remove every single bit of chaos permanently.  And bill cant do that.  Also obviously discord is a reality warper that requires specific magic to even seal his powers, and other beings cant even use his powers either and have to leave it.  An actual discord villian realistically would be practically unstoppable as his powers dont theoretically have any real limits and its entirely his own amusement and inability to die that causes it.
hydrogen bomb vs coughing baby
2:31 bfdi irl:
Fun fact: Discord is the physical embodiment of chaos. Therefore, killing him would simply destroy his form, and he could just build another one.  You could kill him by destroying the entire universe, thus preventing any chaos, but Bill would have to die as well to do so.
Did anyone see bendy in the cartoon bit
Couldn’t bill just tell his name to discord
15:49 yeah the mindscape is bill's territory
honestly, i feel like these two practically omnipotent demigods would settle their differences nonviolently after realizing that an all-out battle would destroy reality beyond any repair.
Why the hell did I think this was a rap battle?😭😭
They need to do a rematch with The Book of Bill coming out and adding lore to Bill.
btw bill has been confirmed to have come back thanks to the website
Actually bill is in therapy (he hates it)
Who saw bendy in the cartoon style
So...we all saw Bendy, right?
Ofc i want to make a deal🗿🗿🗿🗿
What if y'all did bill cipher vs Raiden ei? 😭
What does bill say at the end I don’t know how to rewind videos
Bill:I WILL DESTROY YOUR UNIVER- Spongebob:oohhh a string
16:14 what I want to do when I get ANOTHER stupid interest
15:00 I have no idea why, but the little: “huh?” As the kids applaud is adorable
Back when death battle had money to animations 😭 🙏
Ненавижу Дискорда. Настолько утырошного злодея я не встречала(кроме Бэлоса)
Bro really turned bill into s Dorito 14:35
Who saw bendy here's a time stamp for yall if you didn't notice 14:55
We need more of this animation 🔥🔥
The fight starts at 13:26
Very good work, bro, it was cool to watch
I guess what's the deal?
Yes, what is the deal? 16:57
Ok now we need GIFany (Gravity Falls) vs Glitchtrap (FNaF). It's a fight I've been wondering about recently.
The fact that this fight would last for centuries is crazy
Bill: want to make a deal Me: * silently, looking at his head, seeing if there’s alcohol* did you wash your hands if yes, then yes Bill : .A- Hmm are you kidding me?! Me: no 16:45
Sure I love checkers go fish!
3:25 the fact bill showed up on the screen behind him made me think that bill just left his body with that slap 💀
Mad respect to discord even if he is losing he's still....laughing it off
What a crappy death battle, the fact that their favoritism towards Bill is not evident is not the first death battle that they have arranged to show their favoritism, the same thing happened with Ben 10 versus Green Lantern.
Que gracioso, aún sin su forma física discord venció a Bill 😂
Sure I’ll make you a deal. Make me all powerful God that can rival everything in anyone and that I can do whatever I want.
19:30 translation: reality is an illusion, The universe is a hologram, buy gold, byyyyy!
Is no one noticing how this video was the first thing to ever reference Bill Cipher being from euclidia
13:25 the fight
The battle 13:13
Makes ya feel any better, the book of bill ends with us learning that he is trapped in a therapy facility. Nobody will ever leave until they’re better. Since bill is who he is,until he can change and keep the change, there is no way he can come back to reality.
16:58 YES BILL
Does it count as a victory for bill if discord willingly sacrificed himself knowing he will eventually respawn?
Have fun eating my dreams Bill i LITERALLY only have nightmares, they're nice and spicy
Who's win?
"no one knows"  The book of bill:He's in therapy😊😊
I wonder if Alex saw this
Actually i doubt discord died there....
You think I wouldn’t notice bendy at 14:54?
I didn't even realize bill won ybtuk 19:19
Anyone else notice on Wiz’s Unified Theory of Weirdness conspiracy board, he has a picture of Tai Lung from Kung Fu Panda on there. What’s his connection to Weirdness
Bill needs better help
I was too lazy to watch until the end, who won?
WHATS THE SONG NAME...?!
5:48 hes loving therapy 😊😊
I thought that draft kings was a brewery
10:47
16:56 yeah sure, why dont?
La verdad no parece coerente que bill ganara y aqui les explico porque:  Primero pusieron que los libros y la serie son canon pasa con los dos personajes cosa que los mismos creadores de los personajes dijeron que los libros y la serie no estan conectados y pues en mi opinión esque discord devio haber ganado ya que si pusieron los poderes a los dos personajes de los libros y de la serie discord tenia mas posibilidades de ganar busquen  todos los poderes y debilidades de los dos personajes y ya veran:   Otra que me parece incorrecto es bill no pude detener un borrado de memoria vean la seria y veran lo otro esque el borrado de memoria lo hizo discord lo cual el borrado es mas poderoso y mas rápido:   Lo otro que es importante es una de las debilidades de bill es el pelo de unicornio con esto no puede hacer nada y ademas donde vive discord en un lugar lleno unicornios y lo otro es que  discord lo puede crear y lo puede husar a su favor:   Lo otro esque no entendieron la forma fantasma de discord ya que en su forma normal y su forma fantasma tienen el mismo poder:   Lo otro es que discord puede devolver todo a la normalidad enseguida con un solo chasquido  lo se ya que vi mlp con mi prima y me acuerdo de sus poderes:  Bueno es mi opinión nose si ustedes estan de acuerdo conmigo pero como digo busquen los poderes abilidades debilidades etc pero es mi simple opinión no criticar no sé si esto se traduzca en el idioma de Estados Unidos pero los que están de acuerdo conmigo dejen su like recuerden es solo mi opinión
I will accept
HAHAHAH I WIN!
I personally think this battle would end in a tie, because discord is no powerfull enough to defeat bill, but in the series (MLP) is stated that while chaos exists discord will continue existing so bill cannot kill discord permanently
16:58 nuh uh
13:21 when the battle starts
7:31 DEAR LORD WHAT IN GODS NAME IS THAT
Well Bill fans thanks to the Book of Bill we have both good news and bad news for your boy.  Good News: he’s still alive Bad News: he’s now stuck in a rehab facility for cosmic villains along with the Core from Amphibia…
How discord can win (delet all of exsistence destroy the real life and more)
Bill chiper: you want deal me me: deal
bill ciper could be older ngl lelz
One thing everybody seems to forget is that discord can change who you are and is able to manipulate all matter, he can remove pony’s horns, Pegasus wings etc. in season 6 ep 18 he changes flutershy to be the opposite of who she was, this is an insane feat because flutershy is one of the pony’s that were chosen to have control over the elements of harmony (which are one of if not the strongest objects in mlp) so he casually either changed the harmony tree(or whatever the tree thing is) and the elements, or he showed that he is more powerfull that the tree by changing flutershy which invalidated her ability to use her element.  So basically he can just either make bill into a nice and smart guy, or he can just remove his organs (which kinda happened but unlike the animation we never see bill have any sort of counter to that
Discord really went "If I'm going down, you're going down with me"
Nice.
This is peak
You have earned my subscription with this video. This was gold
bill would really just turn discord inside out
God chunk nugget vs bill cypher
If we are being honest we all know why we are here
White diamond vs  bill cipher
i love how this shows discorsd love, becuase he has changes yes he is weaker to multiveral threats but, he techninalclly saved everyone for example, he would have won if he didn't care and was filled with blood lust like bill, but alls well that ends well :))
rewatching this, I only have one issue. Bill was stated to destroy his *dimension*, as in a plane of reality that is 2D. Either the nightmare realm is Dimension 0 or outside of this. And Bill wanted to escape into the 3D space, because of, y'know, POWER. Have a kwassont - 🥐
Read the brand new book and just got out
Oho Bill is back, lemme tell ya that.
BILL CIPHER REIGNS SUPREME!!!!!
Bill Cipher: Wanna make a DEAL?! me: Yea sure bill
using schrodinger's cat is the worst example you coulda used. the cat is also an observer which is why it was just schro' playing a joke on quantum theory
Podrías hacer uno de Bendy vs Cartoon cat?
14:53 you can see bendy and cup head in the back ground. Foreshadowing for cup head vs bendy?????????
For people who missed it while billy and discord fight u can see both bendy and the koolaid man
No dire nada a perdonas que no analisan vien las cosas aunque su animacion dio mucho que hablar se a pasado muchas cosas de lado y eso cuaso un caos en internet jijija ya se porque su contenido es debil
Boomstick has a daughter?
He said reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram.   And he said bye gold bye I think
“I AM A ALL SEEING GOD”is the coldest line in this battle🥶
BENDY MENTIONED
ok. now Bill vs everyone on DISCORD. “You FOOLS, how could YOU EVER- wait why does that girl have a di-“
Sooo did discord  khs or did he teleport through time
I like both off them but i like bill a bit more because gravity falls is a better show in my opinion
Would fluttershy have a greater chance at winning against bill?
This is the embodiment of epic
Bill better be careful bc sometimes if he does to much chaos he might bring back discord as he’s literally the god of chaos
Bill solos 😭😭🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🫵🫵🫵🫵🫵😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹 who in the dc can beat him I wanna know
Yes Bill I will make Deal😈🫱
15:13 am I dumb cause who is John pluke and what is code of honor?
Gotta say it's pretty cool that bill won and that the most discord could do was be a mild inconvenience
bill wins 100%
Am I the only one surprised that it's almost been a year since Bill VS Discord released? Wow, time flies...
We need more battles that has bill in it he some reason makes me happy every time he wins 🤣 16:58
Yeah, bill kiled discord but the one who won was discord.
never thought i would see mlp in death battle
14:38 this hits different now that the book is out.
It starts… 13:26
Yes , I would like to make a deal
16:54
somebody get these guys to make the next gravity falls season
this was a two way victory. ciber won the death battle and discord saved everyone and reprisoned ciber
Hold up, BILL POSSESSED GEORGE WASHINGTON?!
For bill's deal, i say yes to that
Awesome animation
Ah yes... Dorito vs Social Platform. Truly a battle of all times.
That animation is smoother than the show! Incredible job!
I think the closest thing we have in the real world to a show accurate gravity Falls is actually a waffle house in Florida.
Doritos
people watching this on 8/14/2024 HES BACK HES BACK GOD SAVE uS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Bill won but at what cost
He got therapy
19:21 LET ME OUT OR I WILL EAT YOUR DREAMS
Technically Discord should win
As a gravity falls fun i dont watch my little pony and sorry for fans i hate it tho...I thought Bill was gonna have battle with Discord which is an app. Bruhh. And also in the last episode that humans defeat bill he says he will come back.
In this narrative, Discord cunningly anticipates his own defeat, understanding that his chaotic essence ensures his eventual return. His plan revolves around diverting Bill's attention, leading him away from Equestria while making Bill believe he’s on the verge of victory. The true genius of Discord’s strategy is revealed in the end: by allowing Bill to focus solely on killing him, Discord manipulates the battle to take place outside of Equestria, ultimately trapping Bill in his home dimension. Though Discord seemingly perishes, the victory is hollow for Bill, as the real triumph lies in Discord’s ability to protect Equestria and ensure that chaos—and thus Discord himself—will eventually return.  Discord is inherently more powerful than Bill Cipher because his connection to chaos is limitless and bound by no rules. Bill, despite his reality-warping abilities, is driven by a need for control and domination, which ultimately restricts him. In the fight, Bill might have initially gained the upper hand, using his knowledge of the multiverse and his cunning tricks to challenge Discord. However, Discord’s strength lies in his unpredictability—something Bill could never fully anticipate or counter.   The creators of the video might claim that Bill won because he seemingly killed Discord, but this interpretation misses the larger picture. Discord knew his "defeat" was temporary, a necessary part of his plan to lure Bill away from Equestria and trap him. Bill’s singular focus on victory made him an easy target for Discord’s ruse, blinding him to the larger game Discord was playing. In essence, while Bill might have won the battle, Discord won the war by ensuring Bill's confinement and the safety of Equestria, knowing that his chaotic nature would eventually bring him back.
Bill won but discord got the last laugh
14:34 love how he turns into a dorito
Plot twist  Bill literally imagines this while going completely insane in the Theraprison
I call bs that bill got trapped by that good for nothing pony lover, I would be glad/honored to shake bill cyphers hand.
i don’t care what y’all say, Discord won
он может измерения стирать, даже отсылка на бенди есть
master peace!
14:40 now knowing that Euclydia was the name of Bill's home dimension (which he burned to the ground), and also the name of his father, puts this in a whole new context for me
bill cipher solos no diff
14:35 Dorito bill
They really need to reference this on the website that way we know what bill thinks about discord or something
I really wonder how much of the outcome would change now that the book of bill is out.
Winner is discord, discord es muchisimo mas poderoso que bill, eh discord es el dios del caos y la discordia, bill no es un dios..
This feels almost official haha
Bill and his reality warping powers watching in horror as hes trapped into a jar owned by a certin man on 4chan
Now that the book of Bill is out, they should revisit this fight. Or at least pit bill against a new opponent
Honestly, I HATE My little pony's so I'm happy that Bill won
Do a rematch, bill is alive but got teleported to the theraprism inside book of bill
Who voiced bill and discord in this episode?
Damn, this battle was 11 months ago. Time really flies by.
Bill got put in space prison (forgot name also infinite therapy sentence)
Bill was also born with a strange mutation: Despite being born in the 2nd dimension, his eye could see in 3D.
They’d both have fun with each other to be honest
13:25 ahí empieza la pelea 17:00 ahí termina, denada
The forbidden Dorito 14:35
Why was Thai lung on the Billboard
Great  animation!! Adding puppets  to the fight was amazing. This show  keeps getting better and better.
I will accept
13:28 heres when he stops yapping and finally starts the battle
They brought back the puppet universe from MLP
16:56 okey😃😃😃😃😃😃
Discord is the complete embodiment of chaos, the only way Bill would truly be able to kill Discord is if he were to kill the entire concept of chaos— which would probably kill him as well if he were to try.   I feel like discord shouldn’t have lost this battle, I think it should have been a complete draw. Unlike Bill, who canonically *CAN* be killed, the only one who got remotely close to killing discord was himself when he tried to make himself “normal” for fluttershy in that one episode.
I just noticed bill cipher had a gun in the clay scene at the bottom right
19:18 "LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!1!1!" made me rolling on the floor
19:25 Reality's an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold! Byeeee
"Bill Cipher VS. Discord-" my dumb brain: "DISCORD!? HOW IS BILL GONNA FIGHT 1MILLION+ SERVERS!?"
3 quarters of this video wasnt fighting. im disappointed
He knew he couldn’t win and would eventually come back , but not fast enough so he just sent bill back to his home. Unofficially winning the fight coming back to life having tea party’s while bill rotted in a 2 dimensional prison
We got  Dorito vs dragon guy thing
What’s the deal?
13:25, the start of the fight
What the hell did Bill say in reverse at the end??
14:52  bill is sus Vote him out
“Tell Jean-Luc his show is worse than code of honor.” Come on Bill
It was a high mid difficulty fight for bill cypher
😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡👎👎👎😡😡👎👎👎😡👎😡😡👎😡😡👎😡😡👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿😡😡👎👎👎🏿👎🏿😡👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
get in the jar
Discord 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Does bill beat gaster tho I need to know he is the strongest in his verse and actually has cannon stats that are extremely high so would he and could bill beat the god of undertale Toby fox/the annoying dog
So Bill Cipher is Hastur or The King in Yellow
Did anyone else think he was talking about the app discord or are my ears fouling me
Its actually impressive that mable and dipper out of all the infinite dimensions actually beat bill cipher
13:26 battle
bill solos tbh
Can't wait until one of my carricter gets popular enough to enter one of these death battles
What say Discord to bill with don't recognize?
Discord may have lost the fight but he won the war
Hey, could you please do Villainous v.s. the amazing digital circus as a team up or.. Black hat villainous v.s. Caine amazing digital circus  Or Dr flug villainous v.s. Jax/Ragatha the amazing digital circus  Or  Dementia villainous v.s. Jax the amazing digital circus Pls
Hi after learning about The Book of Bill “a tad Euclidean for my taste” hits different
DO  BLUE rainbow freind  VS  Banban
Low-key makes me wonder about bill cipher and Blackhat.. Both eldritch gods
Bill didn't survive the memory gun through his own power, He got axolotl to save his ass and now he's stuck in a limbo rehabilitation center for evil cosmic beings.
Discord? Isn't that an app?          H U M O R
Anyone know how strong Bill is now with The Book of Bill released now? Ik Bill stomps Discord tho.
Yeah about him never coming back
Ok you have to do an Owl House vs. How about The collector vs Bill! Also I pray Owl House wins!🦉🏡🏆
13:20 When the battle starts for those who just want to see the battle
14:54 was that bendy 👁️👁️
Discord has been avenged
13:40
5:40 heh…wouldn’t that be nice…
I personally believe that Discord could beat Dorito man, but this is accurate, cuz DIscord's "death" was probably part of his plan. Peak episode.  (For the record, Discord would lock in if Fluttershy was in danger. Bros a simp)
While it might seem like bill got screwed by discord in the end there,I just realized later that regardless of that fact,Bill can just wait it out until some other naive pony falls for his deal,rendering discords sacrifice pointless. Damn.
Bill lost. But that wasn't actually a death battle. Because no one died.
This is caughing baby vs atomic bomb dawg
16:52 full circle!!! 😀
13:27 to help you😊
Yes
Bendy ???!!!!!!!!! 14:54
did anyone else see this in the start where giddine does this 0:49
Bill:WANNA MAKE A DEAL
ROOT BEER!!!
This was just straight up masterful. It’s so heartwarming to see such an old creator not only stick around for so long, but have their content improve drastically! I’m not watching this out of nostalgia, I’m watching it out of pure quality and expert analysis. I’m so impressed and proud of this video
What's the song?
10 yrs watching this while death battle sponsors therapy : |
Hello who is the sprites animator xd
I really thought probably discord was gonna win but he saved equestria and bill killed him so discord won of protecting Equestria and bill won by killing him
bill cipher discord ban speedrun
Anyone else think this is more like a crossover?
Bill, i accept your deal.
YHEEA BILL IT'S THE BEST
bill cypher vs group chat app     (what do you mean its talking about the guy from mlp!?)
How fun would it be if Chikn Nugget joined the fight Edit: and the Collector
Wouldn’t bill canonically not be able to hurt like, 60% of equestria since unicorn hair makes him unable to harm them?
Bendy in 14:54
Chaos vs Evil.
I’m An ALL SEEING GOD ⚠️
Coolaid man?
What's the song in the fight it's sick
Posting this so u can actually see the fight 13:24
nah cuz that battle was awesome
Bill cipher negs
oh yeah Bill wins 10/10
Thumbs up if you’re watching this after reading the Book of Bill.
Ahora, gracias al libro de Bill, sabemos que el universo donde fue derrotado fue el único donde sus protagonistas salieron ilesos
Bill won the Battle, but Discord won the WAR!
14:36  Dorito boi
*Watches a top 10 villan song video* *This is one of them* Me: Oh cool, anyway. *Scrolls down 3 videos* *This shows*
Did anyone notice during the fight, especially during the scene when they enter the old timey black and white toon universe. Bendy (from Bendy and the Ink Machine) is one of the flowers.
I definitely wanna see Aku on Death Battle soon.
But considering Gravity Falls weirdness magnetism wouldn't it be safe to say that bill would be trapped and Discord could easily just step outside of the bubble that what have been created like Discord just doing all the things he did would have created a magnetism I'm trapped him inside the bubble however large it is
14:53  IS THAT BENDY?!??!
lets hope a stray laser dosent hit someone in the next death battle
*INTERESTING!* 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
Yeah, I’ll make a deal with you, Bill
anybody know what that secret code is at the start of the episode? I've tried everything I could think of and I've got nothing.
No no ha ha   Nice 👍🏻  job  including the actual voice ACTOR IN YOUR VIDEO 10:31 10:32
fun fact the Age of bill chpher is 1,000,000,000,012 year old according to the book of bill
Dude, one bends reality a bit, and the other breaks it and wipes his ass with it while singing show tunes. Bill wins. Period.
just let billcipher use 100 % of his power
The goat
I actually avenged discords death by mind wiping the existence of bill ciphers existence so he doesn’t hurt the ponies
I want to see discord vs unicron the destroyer of worlds the bringer of chaos and the lord of the undead
The one time a charecter i like wins, it had to be bill cypher
I just read the book of bill and it turned out that he didn't reincarnate, he was forced into therapy💀
They say Bill Cipher won this but I think Discord had the last laugh in the end. Master manipulator after all XD And a lesson as old as time: No mater how many aces you have up your sleeves, the moment you underestimate the one you face against. You lose the war.
So can discord kill anyone
TWO SPONSORS!????!!?!!!!!!
Discord should’ve won. He’s powered by chaos and disharmony, and as you can see, the battle field is nothing but pure chaos, so he should have powers beyond that of even a god in that place.
YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN OUT OF THOSE HANDCUFFS AT ANY TIME?!?!? No! Not at any time ~! :( Only when it's funny.
16:08 this part goes so hard with how the music picks up during his line
This is dumb discord can not die bill can die this is reason discord nerfed in show because he can solo all enemys in mlp
Discord is like a chaotic dragon,both bill and discord like chaos and weirdness,only difference is that discord is kind of a simp for Fluttershy,and only cares about fluttershy and not the other mane 6 ponies
I love how his line when writting the letter to celestia (probably actualy wrote it to flutter) "today bill learned a important lesson about friendship"  From the start he knew what he needed to do and how this will likely end and the only reason it works is because bill never considered discord would sacrifice himself for his friends
GF cosmology is now higher
I AM TAKING THAT DEAL COME GET MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
13:17 para los que quieren saltarse todo
List of Bill Cipher’s power: Nigh-Omnipotence Nigh-Omnipresence Nigh-Omniscience Immortality Incorporeality Conceptual Manipulation Abstract Existence Reality Warping Dimensional Manipulation Dimensional Travel Nightmare Realm Dream Manipulation Dream Walking Space Manipulation Time Manipulation Matter Manipulation Energy Manipulation Mind Manipulation Mentality Manipulation Mindscape Supernatural Powers Telepathy Telekinesis Teleportation Levitation Flight Invisibility Shape Shifting Size Shifting Duplication Transformation Transmutation Heat Vision Evocation/Invocation Supernatural Physical Characteristics Invulnerability Regeneration Healing Factor Genius Intelligence
13:17 IT'S TIME FOR A DEATH BATTLE!!
5:35 And now the Book of Bill has revealed that he first has to go through a form of therapy with other cosmic horrors. It's not working out well.
Who got the book of bill?
15:13 Only now I realized that he had opened a portal to the Kingdom of Nightmares😂
Fun fact: Bill cipher just got his book published. The madman literally cheated death
I'm confused by how Discord's spirit wasn't able to be restored (Discord himself is the spirit, as he is stated to be the Spirit of Chaos), but otherwise this fight was immaculate and I didn't even realize the confusion until a second viewing. Great work like always!
Bill be like when he’s being  erased:sodidjddjfjfjddjfjrudhgu d Ufjdjdjffudhhddhdcncjffjcjdhdsudjfejsjffjeejdjddjejsjdudwausjddududu
Why could  I see Deadpool  randomly join them ... I could see  them  jump ship
Its kinda funny that both of them can technically jist come back    Someone said that if chaos continues to exist then discord will just probably live on   And bill cipher can just be summoned again
13:19 battle begins
Funnily enough, this is technically canon since Alex himself says that his favorite ability of Bill is how he can show up in any show, even from creators he hasn’t met
Do Luffy versus discord 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🥺
Not lying why did I get a betterhelp ad before this?
in 14:54 bendy is in the background
Spoiler for Book of Bill      •	⁠Conceptual immortality  •	⁠Got banned from the afterlife  •	⁠Capable  to see into higher dimensions  •	⁠Narrative manipulation  •	⁠Soul manipulation that doesn't require deals  •  Can Navigate beyond linear time  • on the infinite universe he won everytime against the pines expect that one time (most likely still butthurt over losing to the pines and is coping hard there)
With the Book of Bill out now, Bill winning is absolutely much more believable
15:35 "sure I love checkers!" *Proceeds to drop a Knight on Discord before saying to "Go Fish"*
18:20 is an actual card btw, the cards are canon as they introduce charactera before they even show up.
11:04 So this is the only death battle where its personal and not like the forced duels, they hated each other.
I just realized, In the combatants analysis parts Bill and Discord both comment on the sides. They even argue in one section.
I see they are just use power of parody😅
Blood really thinks he’s going to eat my dreams
15:13 what’s that about
5:04 and 17:32 uhh forgot to mention: Bill fighting a house with unicorn hair isn't actually a feat of power nullification resistance since unicorn hair cannot nullify the power at all, that is taken out of context, in fact one of its functions is to reverse the weirdness caused by Weirdmaggedon.  Reverse rarity ≠ Nullify Power. That's why the totem that had been controlled by Weirdmaggedon's weirdness returned to normal, the only reason it didn't affect Bill is because Bill is the one who caused that weirdness and you simply can't return Bill to his normal state. Those who defend this idea forget the fact that Bill could not even bypass the unicorn's shield with any of his powers, which shows that he does not have any type of resistance to it. Assuming that the unicorn's shield really really really can nullify the power, it is still not something impressive, we are talking about it affecting a random totem, it is evident that it could not affect Bill Cipher who is infinitely more powerful... unless you believe that it could have done it. edit: the unicorn hair literally his special function is to be immune to Bill's weirdness, that's why it is not affected by waves of madness or Bill's powers, if it could drain the power of others it would literally do it with any creature that comes across, like the Henchmaniacs who btw were not affected by this. And if that's the case, you're once again compared a random totem with Bill Cipher.  Edit 2: 17:36(on black box): Ford stated or said "The rift is shattered. Bill's world is spiling into ours and every minutes his powers grow stronger" He said "every minutes" not "every seconds".
Bill:” I love checkers” *drops a chess piece* go fish
Word of advice don’t try translating the word jumbles on bill’s stats I’m fairly certain it doesn’t say anything
Black Hat victmins.
The funniest thing is that we have smart people who will know not to make a deal with bill, but they’ll still do it.
u guys should do the kingmen v the gta online character
I'm glad to see this.  Saw this on a copycat account, and they did go in detail about it, but the battles were literally just the two cgi characters in a fighting cycle saying iconic phrases untill the creator felt like ending it. Very disappointing
Is it realy possible to erase discord when he isn't acting normal. His soul regenerated when chaos happens around or it can only be harmed by absent of chaos because he is embodyment of chaos and he will live forever as long as there chaos to fuel his life. In this case every chaotic action of Bill help discord to live.
14:53 AMOGUS                                                      Sus
I like how bill is like… no.. NO.. nononononono NOOOOOOO! 16:39
The fight starts here: 13:25
19:20 "LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS"
**Chikn Nuggit:** Hiya fellas, what'd I miss? (Hee-hee-hee!) I’m Chikn Nuggit, and I’m here to twist! Chaos is my game, I’m a demigod, too Warping reality is what I love to do!  With seven eyes I spy all the fun to be had I’ll stretch my body, drive you both mad! Random things happen when I'm around Let's see who’s really the chaos crowned!  Wiggle your tail, bend the laws, take control Can you keep up with my chaotic spree? Line by line, wrong or right, pick a side Let's twist and turn realit  **Bill Cipher:** Don't think you can out-chaos me, little pup I’ve been causing trouble since the dawn of time, wake up! Your cute act won’t last, not in my domain I’ll turn your silly games into eternal pain!  **Chikn Nuggit:** Hee-hee-hee! Oh, Bill, you don’t scare me I’ll make the stars dance, and the sky sing with glee! Discord, Bill, let’s see what you got In this chaotic clash, I’m the wild card shot!  Wiggle your tail, bend the laws, take control Can you keep up with my chaotic spree? Line by line, wrong or right, pick a side Let's twist and turn reality!
I wish discord die lose the death battle
Still convinced Discord won the way it REALLY mattered, and Bill got lucky Discord was distracted after striking the decisive blow or he'd have lost by Death Battle rules too.
14:42
16:09 never gets old saying all-seeing god, it’s just so cool
Fluttershy is best pony lol, true
Also at 14:56 you can see cuphead in the background too!
14:54 you can catch a glimpse of bemdy in the background
I cry when she called out discord’s name.
If only Discord won, I was rooting for them!
10:13 With all due respect, you call that a Discord voice? It sounds nothing like him!
Nah discord is winner bro
Bill may have won the battle , but discord Got.the last laugh.
Exactly at 10:34 a ad appeared
If you pay attention when they come out of Discord's snap, you can see the vortex is actually blue as opposed to red.
16:58 NO!
Spoilers for the winner:     Imagine if Discord pulled off the victory and Alex Hirsch found out and (pretended to) cancel his future projects because "Death Battle killed Bill"
14:55 BENDY!?
So a character with a noted weakness to unicorn hair and character from MY LITTLE PONY, doesn't use a single strand in the entire fight?
Correct me if im wrong, but There's 2 problems: Bill's rampant anger issues: Bill has shown multiple times that he is quick to anger, and prone to making a lot more stupid mistakes than discord does just cause he's chilled out. Discord by his very nature would annoy the sh!t out of bill and break his focus, making him easy for Discord to manipulate and run circles around, I mean Discord is more composed than Bill tbh.  The main problem with this fight is that discord actually shown spiritual restoration, and while it isn't a definitive proof, it is extremely much more likely to be factual than not, and death battle adressed this saying discord would come back one or couple days after the fight. So its most likely that Discord can regenerated to his spirit from some spiritual damage. Edit: what kind of mindscape dipper enter when bil cipher said "Welcome to the Mindscape, kid. Without a vessel to possess, your basically a ghost!"? and Same Applied to Bill when he leaves his physical form (my guess is that both Bill's and Dipper's soul exist in their own mindscape (not in/before their physical form)?)
My most favorite character in gravity falls is obvious its Bill cipher!
Does anyone eles think its creepy that Chipher is like the 3rd eye ?
I know I was gonna win
Fun but again, lazier writing wins the day. Prototype had a much cooler premise and execution imo
4:14 eleven deez nuts hah Decryption gone wrong
Bill solos
16:43
sans vs mettaton
Anyone else see Bendy and… one of the Cup brothers?
14:59 there's a falls guy over at the left
19:42 name of the music?
Bring Power the puff girls and Jenny Wakeman fight to the DEATH
"No More Mutants" from Discord goes unbelievably hard
16:00 when my brother thinks he can defeat me.
If Discord had seen the show, why didn't he use the unicorn hair to trap Bill and then wipe him out? I always thought that Dipper should have used unicorn hair to trap Bill since Bill is powerless when it's used as a barrier around the Mystery Shack.
Gravity falls is my favorite series of all time and I was very happy when bill cipher won
Ignore that one of Bill's weaknesses is unicorn hair lol
It’s a god vs a guy literally named discord
I would like a deal✋🙂
13:16 is where the battle starts😊
Discord is one of my favourites
When it starts 13:16
Yo discord sacrificing himself made me and my sister tear up man 🥹
Not me reversing the video to hear what he said, only for his famous “reality is an illusion” bit.
Now I want a MLP FIM, Gravity Falls Crossover.
Can someone with dislikes turned on tell me how much thumbs down this episode has?
This is peak
14:44  Goes to claymation... 30s-style animation... then puppet show. ^^
When I come or see this the difference in general to me is that one is a demon while the other is parts of different creatures or animals
Did Boomstick just imply he has a daughter? That he actually knows? 8:19
I edited cuz it's annoying(don't ask why)
Me JUST GET TO THE SONG ALREADY!
Dam now I want to discord vs unicron now
16:58 yes
Uncle grandpa solos
Ford's mind didn't get erased, it was Stan's mind. The brothers tricked him into thinking that one was the other and they erased Stan's mind.
Bill cipher:(just beat discord) Fluttershy wasn’t that cool anyway-why do I hear boss music?
Shouldn't this have been a tie instead?
U guys probably could of asked discords voice actor to voice him in the vid he probably would of he loved doing the voice
BILL IS THE STRONGEST!!!
"Ugh. A tad Euclidean for my tastes..." Something about this line has stuck with me. It's just so WONDERFULLY in character for Discord.
You should do Aku from samurai jack vs the devil from cuphead.
I have a TV for head
I beast on peoples face ,eyes, teeth, skin, and flesh
I could see everything.everything! soon everything of yours will fade away your loving your fun, your life and nothing could ever help you because in this world.i Am GoD!
From: Mr. Peace.
Never know what’s next to come 2 TV headedmen to come get out of your house go left then right then straight then repeat that again
I know im late but  2:25 -2:26 about that "including his own spirit" isnt that bcs of "you can conjure whatever you can conceive in Grunkle Stan's mindscape!" plus when bill warns mabel and soos not to trust dipper about "you can conjure whatever you can conceive in Grunkle Stan's mindscape!", he warns them cuz he doesn't want them to have powers like his from(this applies that bill's soul regeneration ability was from stan's mindscape) and he was shocked about dippers got powers
14:54 BENDY!
Bill has small toes to tickle 🤗
I was under the impression discord won? Or at least he ran away and survivedlol
Yo! Bill dap me up!
Here’s a potentially interesting point of discussion for the wider setting of this battle: who in Equestria let Bill through?  Obviously for the battle, it doesn’t matter how he got there but I like to think about this kind of thing so let’s discuss!  If this went down like it does in his own show, Bill had to have made a deal with some poor sod to get into Equestria from his own domain. Either he made the right deals with some unscrupulous folks or he was able to trick someone more trusting.   So, who is the linchpin of this Weirdmageddon? To kick things off, I’m going to say Twilight may have had a role to play. She always loves learning new things and like Ford, if Bill offers the right amount of praise and flattery, a powerful magic wielder like her would be very useful to him.
Классная битва
14:54 black and white movie editon
the one thing is that discord would be the most powerful ever if he was been serious in the fight
Spotted a Bendy in the background at 14:54 and a Cuphead at 14:56, really funny to see them XD
Tereck vs Moro from Dragon ball would be an interesting fight
7:27 No not discord!!!1!1!!1 💀💀💀
Jukka Hildén VS Eddie Munson & Mad Hatter (Marvel Comics VS DC) | DEATH BATTLE!
Discord, more like the app discord😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Here's a fun fact: Bill can't control souls in any manner whatsoever. That's Axolotl's shtick.
"how about we play another game" "sure, I like checkers" KILLS DISCORD WITH A KNIGHT FROM CHESS "Go Fish"
Bill Cipher vs Arc Warden from dota2?
carton networ vs Disney
Bill is way cooler and more powerful people just are meat-riding on discord it’s getting annoying hE LOsT tHE BATtLE bUT NoT ThE waR!
I love that, with these two cosmic chaos beings, even the loser is still powerful enough to piss on the winner's victory. This was a beautiful battle with incredible animation and some good gags for good measure.
I just reversed the message in the end. It’s the famous quote “Life is an illusion, the world is a hologram, buy gold, BAII!”
Bill won!!
Holy s*** you have to skip 13 minutes just to get to the fight
13:16
16:09
whats the song when bill is being introduced?
Here's one I didn't agree with.  When Discord was invading Bill's mind, I was thinking: "Oh look, Discord knows Bill's weakness, and it's something he can do.  Meanwhile, we know Discord's weakness: Friendship and harmony!  Yeah, Bill can't do those things."  Using Bill's power to destroy spirits to destroy Discord frankly seems... unfair.  In a fight between reality-warpers, the reality-warpers aren't usually permitted to just unexist each other; that IS the reason Bill wasn't dead when Discord turned him into food and ate him, correct?
betterhelp bad
ill make a deal with you
something about reality benders fighting in the goofiest wy possible is so... epic.
For anyone who is rather upset by the outcome allow me to explain bill is far more powerful than discord because his physical form can't be destroyed and his soul can't be damaged discords body has been destroyed but his soul I'm not sure if discord didnt have teleportion he would have lost bill is far more powerful A party that never ends with the host that never dies
HE CAN SEE THE FUTURE!!!
“I’m the all seeing God!” My man never SAW the ending coming
“I’m the all seeing God!” My man never SAW the ending coming
“I’m the all seeing God!” My man never SAW the ending coming
For someone who is an All-Seeing God I'm sure he didn't see that coming when discord tricked Bill Cipher
16:07 Did discord just middle finger bill?
Bro Discord literally sacrificed himself to save the ponies, he knew he would lose
I think if it were not for the rules of death battle this fight could go on forever. even with bill killing discord he would likely reform at some point later and could travel back to the moment he died and if discord trapped bill in another universe he would get out at some point so realistically the fight would never truly end
Song
in an alternate centripetal were bill kills discord the exact same way that he killed time baby.
We all know discord gonna come back due to there being chaos
“LET ME OUT OR ILL EAT YOUR DREAMS!”
16:53 best winning scene ever
Where are the BATIM fans??? I LOVED  the subtle detail of Bendy just vibing with the flowers in the Rubberhose weirdness bubble. Literally covered most of my childhood here! This is also the most entertaining Death Battle I’ve seen great job!!
Lol I watched gravity falls as a kid so the gag about his name being dumb didn’t land on me at all. He could be called googly moogly and he’d still be the scariest villain I can think of. Good joke tho
Name if the song plz?
I don’t see enough people pointing out that Bill punched Discord in the exact same way that Stan punched Bill. Mastercraft referencing in the entire fight!
Hahahahahaha to too late laser ps it's bill
14:52 kool aid guy 14:54 bendy
14:55 bro thers bendy 😂
Rick chestbursting should have killed The Doctor. Likewise, the D-Mat should have only erased that one Rick from his own timeline.
Bill won the fight, Discord won the war
somewhere in the Arbius, a certain prince of madness is whaching this with a bucket of popcon.
Nice death battle I highly recommend for you to pair batman with apple jack🙂
Теперь эта . моя любимая . серия . продолжай твои же духе .
Celestia and Luna are not twins. Celestia is the older sister and Luna is the younger sister
Discord loosig exspected tbut to be honest he sealed the dorito away so to be honest his the winner in my heart
16:38
Wins Discord bcs he makes more poetic insults and not cheap insults like the insults of bhill chiper plus discord can modify every universe bhill can only modify is universe
15:12 the Q snap 😂😂😂
The Discord actor has an INCREDIBLE deLancie impersonation
Discord lost the battle, but he won the war.
I wanna see a battle royale between bill, discord, the mask, and beetlejuice
They say discord is more carefree and normally this is true but with in the death battle bill had everyone trapped including fluttershy.   If things did get this fair discord wouldn’t be pulling punches or playing games. I’d say he would be down right ruthless towards bill. Kinda like Spider-Man when he stops talking.     Still a fun battle with great moment, trash talk, and discord even screws bill over. I can’t think of any other loser who messes up the others victory that badly.
He literally died to save Fluttershy. I will accept Bill Cipher's deal, if it means I can kill him. I will revive Discord.
I am more afraid of Fluttershy than Discord. If Bill Cipher hurt Discord,  he should be afraid. Fluttershy can literally overpower Gods.
Yo let's go bill cipher battles discord mods
Bill cipher vs dimentio (mario)
This is lowkey the funniest DB episode, glad I had some good laughs from this one
16:11
Two chaos gods in fight.
Can anyone translate the ciphered message at the bottom of Bill's background info, or is that just nonsensical gibberish?
I feel like discord could’ve used bill’s weakness to unicorn hair against him… like at all, sure he couldn’t kill him like this but bill would’ve been trapped
I never thought i'd put some animation and fictioned battle as it's all above Solid snake VS Sam Fisher which is my ABSOLUTE GOAT ( nevertheless my boy Sam lose ).  But..man...THIS is UNBEATABLE   MY LORD THAT'S THE MASTERPIECE   I didn't expect Discord to win ( technically ), i underestimated him as well. He has died in the battle, but he has won the War.  P.S. Fluttershy's "Discord?" in the end brought me tears. Thank you guys
Technically discord cant die hes the embodiment of chaos he'll just re apear again somewhere else so in the end discord really did win by trapping bill
Discord would have won if he didn't started the fight.
Two omnipotents, seems a narratively controlled outcome was perfect.
sad to say but this is actually meant to be a tie  sure discord cant restore damage to his soul but he is a literal force of nature  as long chaos exists discord will always exist  bill may be able to restore damage to his soul but he cant return if dies because the deal with the axolotl was a one time thing  and again as long as chaos exist discord will inevitably return because you cannot have existence without balance  light and dark  water and fire  order and CHAOS
As far as I'm concerned, discord won that.  He literally tricked an "all seeing God". Him getting the last laugh is more than enough.
😂 In a fight like this it isn’t so much who wins but who gets the last laugh when the dust settles.  Kudos to the design and effects team. They certainly went above and beyond for this one. 🫡👍
The fact horses can warp reality
In 4:02 Boomstick takes a First one.. In The End of the Battle: 17:01 And Now Bill.   Poor The Ringmaster.
Bill need to buff
Ill make a deal
What a fun argument between these two 11:03
This wasn’t only a death battle its was a crossover
Man... I was Hoping Discord will Win, but oh well.
It would've been nice, if discord beat bill but oh well
16:57 YES GET IN OUR WORLD!!!! 19:20 16:48
3:07 9:58 10:34 10:35 10:37 10:40  10:51 BITE MY SHINY METAL-
*Hold up, wait a minute..... discord can make his duplicates , and if one died other can survive!!! Then how tf he loses? You missed his one of his feat!!!!!*
Hey thats not fair, this should be an Tie....what makes you think bill litteraly can kill him?!
bill cipher wins
do beast boy vs Nimon 🦍👦vs🦍👧
Discord would win but he need to be serious but come on he would never do this
discord too much massages
14:53 Is That AMONG US????!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂
bill cipher will FOREVER BE MY FAVOURITE
11:04 Why would discord be stronger than the pony of shadow
“guys stop posting memes in general ..”
Actually, Discord was actively weakening himself during this battle. By returning the ponies and Equestria to their rightful states, he was actively invoking and restoring Order, the opposite of Chaos. He was betraying his true nature, something that was specifically brought up in the his summary of powers. Discord could have beaten Cypher in the battle, but he chose to win the war instead.
My little pony vs a triangle  Also discord means chaos which makes sense why discord is the god of chaos
Please Do Bill Cipher vs the Mask!! And 5 battles later, do the Mask vs Darkseid, and then 4 more battles til Mask Vs Superman or whoever.  Essentially the Mask is travelling through universes challenging and defeating all the other characters. Until Popeye shows up, he who can not lose 🤣🤣🤣 the immovable object himself here to stop the unstoppable!!!! Dooo It!!! Dooo It!!! Dooo It!!!! ❤
DAMN >_>
Correct me if in wrong cause its been a long time since ive seen the show But i dont remember this infinite kaleidoscope thing being mentioned or used in show The only mention i can find is from a reddit ask me anything  Did the main reason bill cipher won really come from a reddit ask me anything or am i tripping
Revisiting this vid. 07 Rooster teeth....hope Death battle lives some day
The psychological warfare was fire at the end of
discord may have lost, but he actually won objectively
This is easily one of the best death battles we've had in a while.
Even tho discord could not defeat Bill he managed to seal him away and away from his friends even for temporarily what a legend.
19:25 what does he say here
This song is sick
Bill won the fight, but Discord won the war.
I want to say something it was obvious for me as a fan of gravity falls that bill was going to win but I did like how you didn't make discord die in vain and that how he sacrificed himself to save the world
I like to believe Discord lost the battle, but won the war. While Bill did manage to obliterate him, Discord managed to trap him in his home dimension. And as long as chaos exists in any dimension, Discord will come back. This means if nobody made a deal with bill cipher, he is stuck. Even if bill does make a deal and kill discord again, there are too many dimensions where chaos could occur, so discord, will always. Come. Back.
discord may have lost the battle but he still won the fight
I know the perfect opponent for Bill if he returns to death battle, one better than Discord, there’s other people online who have matched them up too. Hint: He who sleeps but shall soon awaken🧿🐙
I mean hey… discord died a hero. He saved equestria
Some yellow Dorito asked me if I want to make a deal I said yes
You guys should do an aleatory vs black hat
Bill won, but at what cost?
Twilight sparkle vs toothless
14:53 they snuck Bendy here and thought we wouldnt notice
16:06 Are we just going to ignore how Discord flicked Bill off right there?! 🤣💀💀
All right who let him in who dunnit
If Bill & discord worked toghter everything is doomed
Good but Bill win Discord in mid diff,and is for kids who know a good end
I knew Bill was gonna win off RIP because in reality he can't ever die, he would just reincarnate and do it again.. also he has the ability to destroy spirit not just physical
Bill cipher reaching into his eye was cold as hell
Bill is only a little stronger then discord yet won because discord thought he knew everything when he didn’t. They only way discord could had won is if he has allies. The reason why is that bill can only access one mind and that bill was defeated by using a plan multiple people had to be in.
Is this a battle where the winner takes the win not from their power, but their personality?
lol best commercial timing (discord 4rthwall breaking finger snap)
I honestly expected unicorn hair to play a bigger role aside from the fact that discord can comeback when their is enough chaos, like the kind bill creates effectively making him revive by bill just existing. discord can fully interact with unicorn hair just fine. so him just poofing a giant yarn ball of unicorn hair and knitting bill a straight jacket effectively trapping him in it. or he could make his own shield out of the hair. on that note how did bill trap rarity or any other unicorns I can see the others and twilight on technicality of being an alicorn but a unicorn with a main of hair a stated weakness is eh.
Discord could have reset reality look at the wiki he has omniscient powers far beyond from bill for my recall
ew ew EW I STILL DONT LIKE THE WIZ AND BOOMSTICK ANIMATIONS
Discord may have lost, but he went out saving equestria, laughing. Thats a win in my book.
I’m not surprised Bill remembers his first battle with discord I still do speaking of that whatever happened to that anyway 16:46
I can’t quite make out what Discord is saying at 16:33. Is he saying something about him not recognizing his old power?
Palutena vs princess Celestia
Just a warning: betterhelp is a scam to steal information. Don't fall for it
We’ve found Bendy. It has been a long time. 14:55
I just want to point this out but the music is too good to be overshadowed by dialog and sound affects
death battle at 13:26
Unicorn hair, seems ironic
I'm not sure about this outcome, Discord has shown some forethought in his actions, like when Princess Luna and Celestia confronted him he literally sowed seeds of chaos in the ground to incarcerate them, they just took a really long time to grow. And Discord is as old as chaos itself, so however old that was, while Bill was endowed with his powers from an axolotl. This means Bill would have a greater appreciation for his powers and result in him being more careful, but less time with them.
Took me years to realize bill was essentially the Illuminati, making deals with people in return for something else👀
I’m probably not the only one to say this, but discord gets stronger the more chaos exists so bills own alterations to reality would further empower discord
I feel like discord can't die without destroying chaos and disorder. Not truly die anyway.
1:49 someone smarter than me plz desifer
"Tell Jean-Luc his show is worse than Code of Honour" is definitely my favourite line.
14:54 Hi, Bendy!
Never watched Gravity Falls; I just don't care about that show.
Did Bill even win this one? Discord invalidated all his effort.
Boomstick is spitting facts, FLUTTERSHEE BEST PONYYY
One factor you failed to take into account, though, and why I feel the magic draining bell might be more effective than you think.  The Shack's protective enchantment was cobbled together quickly, by amateurs.  The Bell, I assume, was crafted by an actual wizard who likely put time and effort into it.
Discord should have won this simply because the only time he is powerless is when there's no chaos
You should pit Bill against Dischord's original form. That would put Bill in his place. I'm sure Captain Picard would agree. 😁
Perfection
I get it. Bill won and lost at the eame time. Discord lost and tied/stalled. Bill defeated Discord as much as possible, no physicality, but his consciousness, his mind, still exists so it may take a while, but Discord isn't gone for good. And since Discord's mind is the place where Bill is once again trapped, if Discords consciousness ceases to exist, Bill does too, and he doesn't even get a saving throw. Even though it looks like Bill won, he definitely claimed lower ranking than Discord, who has almost no chance. But Bill is stuck in Discord's mind till Discord can regathers himself.   This battle is saying that without an outside influence, like a writer actually making a decision or massive fan response demanding a particular outcome, this is the best you can hope for, which is Bill is technically more screwed than Discord. Discord vanishes, so does Bill. Not true if  vice versa. Discord is unaffected if Bill happens to vanish, giving Discord an ever so slight advantage to break the tie and win.
Now that's one heck of a god-like battle to the death or should I say death battle
Is discord basically all the animals in the Chinese Zodiak? I mean, kinda gives it away if so.
"Bill exists in a perpetual state of quantum uncertainty." He is all possibilities, none, both and neither of all possibilities all at the same time. It's far more complex than being one possible outcome and it's polar opposite only. It's messed up and makes him nearly unstoppable........unless you understand quantum mechanics, then Bill isn't a problem. Once you collapse the wave function by forcing Bill to consciously acknowledge any decision he has ever made and the definitive ways that has shaped his life, himself, and the world as a whole, the quantum uncertainty resolves itself and Bill no longer exists because then conditions necessary no longer exist or ever will. Not sure if that will play a factors here, but for the TV show and lore itself, Bill is only what the fans think he is, or whatever the creaters want him to be if no fans figure it out and call them on it. Considering what I've seen the ponies capable of doing, if their bad guy is really strong enough to be a concern to the ponies, Bill doesn't stand a chance.
I dunno, i think Discord won that one XD
Couldn’t have discord just stolen some unicorn hair from his universe and use that against bill to make him basically invincible?
I knew I would win
Alternative ending: in honor of Discord's sacrifice to save Equestria, the princesses order a statue to be built in his honor at the end of the ceremony, a mocking laugh emerges from the statue a funny laugh and start to broken
Hey why don't you do alastor vs Deadpool
could bill cipher defeat anti pops. cartoon networks  most op villain. or aku
Yes please 16:58
How did you do a crossover?
Gold
I dare you to do a two V1 discord and Bill cipher versus gold
DUM CHANNEL DISCORD SOLOS BILL
Bill may have won the battle but Discord won the war.
it should be twilight vs bill cipher
16:58 nah
Do you think twomanyraptors could kill bill? I mean he's the Phantom of reality!
I WANT MY DEAL
Dude forgot he still has his fisical form
00:20
So Boomstick Fluttershy is best Pony that you or your Daughter’s opinion. Though I can safely say I too am a fan of her as well
I honestly wanna see a battle between Bill and the Collector from the Owl House. Who would win?
Im pretty sure bill is one of the most over powered villains in animation so it doesn’t surprise me he wins but at least discord comes to a close second and it makes it very impressive that the “all seeing eye” didn’t see him getting kicked in to his own dimension. This makes discord a very powerful foe that i want to see more bill’s and discord’s type of characters with very overpowered abilities whilst being a tumblr sexyman. EDIT: nice song and battle animation would like to see more of these types of animations from you guys!
the scary part about bill if he actually really really tried and went all out it would not even be a fight
Does discord have the app called discord?
Its actually a tie because bill may not have died but he is stuck untill he is summoned and made a deal
idk they both were tricked into defeat and since discord is literally the embodiment of chaos wouldn't that mean the only way for discord to die would be for bill to die? The more chaotic bill gets the stronger it makes discord.
Honestly I got a bit teary eyed seeing Discord and Fluttershy's reaction I forgot about that comic from G5 where he's reminscing over her and hearing that soft little "Discord" broke my heart as a long standing fan.  That said, I actually like the way the battle ended. Seems pretty in character, and even if Bill won the battle Discord still managed to trap him so he wouldn't hurt anyone else, so I guess he won the war.  Also the animation was great and the references and jokes were hilarious. Great job to the VAs too.
You could put bill cypher against all of anime and watch him wipe them out within the span of 5 minutes high balling
Jukka Hildén VS Eddie Munson (Marvel VS DC) | DEATH BATTLE!
I like how the conclusion is. Discord sucks at fighting so he lost 😂
I don't care about power scaling and stuff all that much, but I just gotta appreciate how fun, wacky and in-character that animated battle is. Also *14:48* the fact that you guys really comitted to the weirdness bubble scene with different arstyles is beyond respectable.
Flutercord
This fight actually serves as a lesson to all those people mocking Bill for his tunnel vision. Be honest, on the first watch, did you notice that they weren’t in weirdmageddon anymore after Discord snapped his fingers? Or were you too focused on the fight? Not saying that to be rude, I genuinely wanna know.
Discord is from a show for girls so it’s obvious who would win and of course it’s the chip himself bill chiper
WHAT IN GOOD GOD'S NAME IS THAT THING???!!!!  also do ryu vs batman pls<33333333
This is the part that made me laughed 14:57
Discord vs bills plis😂
In 14:56, you can see a brief cameo of bendy and cup head which is pretty neat
YAY BILL YOU WON 😆
Pennyewies 🆚 Ghost man  (It vs firdaythe13th)
LETMEOUTORILLEATYOURDREAMS!!!
This is all great, but I won't lie, my favorite part about this video is learning that Boomstick has a daughter. That is so heartwarming.
You two are even
Ow this is what I was day dreaming about
16:52 yes yes
The most funniest part is when bill turns into a direto 14:37
Maybe Bill Won a Battle ... But in the end... Discord won the war.
If we are going along these lines, I'd love to see Mr. Mxyzptlk from DC vs Q from Star Trek.  Or, Battle Royale: Bill Cypher v Discord v Q v Mxzysptlk v The Mask v Freakazoid And may god save us.
13:27 quick on this skip the rest
i think the entirety of discord could beat bill bx of their fowl stench
I clicked on this cause I was curious
I thought he literally ment discord
13:26
Bill cipher vs black hat
Bill won the Battle.... But Discord won the War~
Did anyone translate the ciphers in the opening stat descriptions?
*Y*a  K*nO*w Wh*a*T? *T H I S  I S  N O T  O V E R  Y E T  B I L L  C Y P H E R.*
Tbf Bill could regenerate damage done to his soul, but there's no way of knowing if he could actually survive a full soul disintegration if he wasn't fast enough. And since discord hasn't officially died in canon before (only came close), there's no way of knowing if his death is even permanent so long as disharmony exists.
Idk of this os acuret, bit Bill makes chaos and Discord is a spirit of chaos, soo he basicly gets stronger from the chaos the Bill makes, right
There was bendy from bendy and the ink machine as a flower in the part where they were cartoons
Didn't this happen before
Discord canonically has "Nuh Uh!" as an applicable superpower and I love that so much about him.  This was basically a fight between "That Guy..." (who keeps spoiling the fun like a total jerk no one asked to be with) and everyone's favorite class clown, imo.  In fact, it's a 180° to Unicron VS Galactus, given the wider sense of who both these characters are. I loved this so much.  I'm sorry for all that you and your buddies at RoosterTeeth may be going through rn, Wiz & Boomstick. By all means, I at least hope that you guys will still be able to entertain us for generations to come with all you've provided thus far.
Discord can travel in time lol
Bill win a fight but Discord win a war
Hey can we have a battle between the main character of that time I got reincarnated as a slime?? Please!!!
This is unfair cause both could just, erase each other
stolas vs dr clef
Adding Bills iconic line in the end, “Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!,” really ties everything together.
Deal
WORST ENDING EVER simply because the villain ultimately wins and kills the hero!!!! 0 out of 10
"Bill was on the run from the interdimensional authority"... why?
Wow, I didn't catch Bill's line at 15:15 "Tell Jean-Luc his show's worse than Code of Honor"  John De Lancie (The voice of Discord in MLP) plays Q in Star Trek: The Next Generation, another nigh omnipotent being. Jean-Luc refers to Jean-Luc Picard, the Captain in that show who frequently butts heads with Q, (or just facepalms in his presence.) And Code of Honor is, unfortunately, basically the worst episode of TNG. Kind of weird to say the show is worse than its worst episode, but still a neat reference.   I'm sure if Bill and Discord can run into each other they can run into Q, too.
1:37 and 7:37 for bill cipher and discords backgrounds respectively 4:06 and 10:48 for the feats same order as last one
F
Just rewatched and realized Bill and Discord were chatting in the text... And bill just casually said he was going to kill all of discords friends.
0:49  whats up fool now get in the flipin jar
g e t  i n  t h e  j a r
This fight's ending was kind of genius, actually.  Really think about it; Discord probably knew he would lose the fight. Hence why he left that letter behind for the others. And Bill was so hyperfocused on killing Discord, who could still keep up using his tricks, that he never realized that the two of them had left Equestria.  Discord dies at the end, yes. But by the endcard's own admission, as long as chaos still exists, Discord will come back, even if it's not quick enough to continue the battle. So what did he do?  He traps Bill back in his home dimension.  Bill won, sure. But nobody likes to see the bad guy get the last laugh, right?
I'm to far gone to realize if what I need is Better Help or just ... Just.... I just need ...  I have everything
Good video. Now them vs the literal god of the fourth wall:DEADPOOL YEAAAAH
bill cipher is the only person in death battle history to be screwed over by a win  bill won the battle but discord won the war (as all intellectuals know)
Discord is silly evil, bill cypher is evil silly
Hold on, when did Bill ever regenerate *his body* from nothing? He didn’t have a body until the finale, and the most damage that ever got was when the shack tron ripped its eye out. Hell, that body *still exists* as a statue in the woods!
that quote from Alex was while he was possessed by Bill. by including it as evidence they’re taking the word of a lying manipulator at face value.  The SERIOUSLY botched this episode
If you’re wondering what the backwards message is at the end, it’s “Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, BYE!”
when does Bill actually damage spirits in the show? blasting a hole in Dipper didn’t damage him at all, it was him screwing with Dipper. and the two guys at the beginning of the video weren’t destroyed since they weren’t real to begin with.
Please.discord.let him win  welcome to the herd  boom stick.bronies and pegasisters for life.🦄🦄🦄
bill wins beyond neg diff
Cartoon god vs cartoon god. Blud lose to a kid and blud losed to a pony💀
Oh yes, my two childhood fighting each each other you gotta love to see it I still love my two best boys I might make art of them, though I haven’t drawn Discord and bill so long
13:22 just incase your too bored to listen to all that
Discord is more the goofball than Bill Cypher. Cypher is more impossibly unpredictable than Discord by comparison.
10:34 What The…?! AHHHHHH!!!! GOD NO! NOOO!!!
Yeah
He may have lost, but Discord had the last laugh here.
i live that whiz and boom stick have stayed
Hey i dont understand the ending of the battle can someone explain what happened
What is the spinning thing at 4:44
I like Discord better than Bill Cipher
I don't understand what happened at the end when bill crushed discord can someone explain
Love how they made fun of the 3am thing in Bill cipher’s info segment
Discord is the goofy one while bill is the serious one only a bit
?
15:08
Me: How in the world is he the winner DB: Uhhh well you see bc of X reason Me: That reason doesn't make sense you literally just said that situational based deaths don't count and yet that's the entire logic behind his lose DB: Well there's also Y reason Me: That also doesn't make sense when has he ever effected anything in his own mind or his own soul? Heck when has he protected his own mind or soul from an attack of that lvl? As far as I'm aware the loser actually wins bc he can come back whenever he wants the winner is forever stuck there so...
Just say it - We hate the MLP series.
1:00 I'm sorry is that TAI LUNG?!?!?!
Lets make a deal
Hold on did he turn bill into an actual dorito 😂😂😂😂   Also to answer your question bill yes i will be making that deal
I koule shake his hand :)
You know, I feel like if they fought _outside_ the rules of a Death Battle, which don’t allow for outside interference, the outcome would ultimately come down to Discord having friends.
So Boomstick went from stereotypically hating MLP to warming up to it via his daughter?  That's some of the most wholesome character development I've seen :)
This is for Discord: "Strong enough to have it all... TOO WEAK TO TAKE IT!"
only Discord could lose and still somehow feel like he won
Do a battle of bill cipher vs the collector from the owl house.(both can warp realty but in different ways)
Win discord
I love how they got the Bill Cipher Dorito Meme at 14:33
Me vale chetos sus opiniones, de todas maneras es un empate porque discord rompe la cuarta pared y aparte hace trampa en algunos momentos, Bill no puede hacer nada si nadie lo invoca.... en mi opinión es un justo empate
So bill cipher is still alive and well and in the multiverse
My Death Battle ideas 1: Cyborg 009 vs Kamen Rider 1-Go  2: Denji vs Yuji Itadori  3: Godzilla vs Ultraman  4: Hellboy vs Devilman  5: Inuyasha vs Ranma  6: Medaka Kurokami vs Haruhi Suzumiya  7: Pretty Cure vs Ojamajo Doremi  8: Radiant Black vs Invincible
since unicorn hair is a big weakness of bill, i dont think he could even make a dent in the mlp universe
Honestly, Bill lost. Sure, Discord died; but at what cost? Bill lost everything and got trapped in that prison dimension. That's major L
Bill Vs Discord: ❌ Bill 🤝 Discord: ✔️
King Kong vs Godzilla
Great battle love results.  I do feel like everybody overlooks how quickly bill loses his temper (main cause, someone is as strong as him or is able to resist him. Ex: shack a tron and Stan) and how he makes mistakes while mad.
Man I thought you meant the app
Bill Cipher or Discord vs The Mask. Who wins ?
Can Discord even die? He’s the embodiment of chaos
The thing is does discord gain power from disharmony and chaos in general, or only by the disharmony and chaos he creates?
Of you guys want revenge for discord check out the channel of scp explained for a video of scp 343(god) vs bill cipher
I've got a fun question for the DeathBattle channel what if desperados do battle at the commandos behind enemy lines. Two teams 12 characters it would be funny like your bear vs crime dog & interesting like that metal gear vs splitter cell. It would be quite a bit of a challenge for both wiz & boomstick. I'm curious to see how it goes?
I like this battle. The result make anyone who love discord feel better by make him manage to save his friends even though he lose the fight.
I’d like to imagine these are the events before Bill met Ford
Boo!
Bill also isn’t mango’s just pure power and chaos
Professor Utonium VS Lex Luthor Or Professor Utonium VS Jonas Venture Sr.
Discord lost the battle but he won the war against Bill Cipher
1:17 So I guess the US is the entire world huh?
13:21 the battle
This is a real battle in the multiverse of madness
Nah. Discord destroys him.
honestly the least believable thing is Bill fighting Discord. I'm sure he would rather just be dying of laughter over all the stuff Discord does, even if it's not as grim
1:56 the box in the corner says the gravity falls multiverse is infinite where was this stated
You guys should have a death battle between Glitch trap (FNAF) vs Null (Baldies basics remasterd)
Again this video is baised.  Bill Cipher doesn't have that in his arsenal to Destroy "Chaos" Discord is Chaos in another word, If you can give Bill Cipher an imaginary power, so can Discord wield it
Great video!!
this was awsome
Há hÆ øŋę ọf Ɏøûr vĩËrŝ whẽrę šõ ǩīṋḒ ạñđ łẽŧ mę BÆÇǨ âñď ñøw i’m çõmĩñǥ főr Y̊Œụ –ß¡łI                                     §                                   ¥. ß                                  €«»%                                 ““”””””
Did anyone else see bendy as a fake flower in the cartoon place and cuphead holding onto a plant
Bill Cipher fighting the mods on this one!!!🔥🗣🔥🗣🔥🗣🔥🗣🔥🗣🔥
15:21 HE SQUEAKS
Just a death battle idea, but could do a battle with “Alastor The Radio Demon” (From Hazbin Hotel) VS “Bill Cipher” (From Gravity Falls) please??? 🥺
Sidenote, who do you think made a deal with Bill that allowed him to enter Equestria? My vote's on either one of the villains or the Flim Flam Brothers
Hoo boy, Discord's death becomes twice as painful after watching the show :')
2.3-2  A bit more respect this time but…    PLEASE DON’T MAKE US WAIT SO LONG FOR THE NEXT “LEVELER”
bill: wan to make a deal! me:ok
Cypher got the win, but the victory went to Discord, decent Death Battle
Sure Bill, I’ll make a deal 🤝
Thragg vs escanor The fight of the egotistical
Who would win 1. a combination of animals and mythical creatures that feeds apon chaos  2. a overpowered dorito
Randall boggs vs violet Parr
more mlp plz
Bill Cipher and Discord literally talking with the 2 make this so funny-
Not gonna lie at fist I thought when it said bill cipher vs discord i thought it mean bill cipher vs the discord app, which wouldn't make much sense but in my opinion would he infinitely funnyer
I love how when they have the small panels with characters info bill(yellow text) Discord(pink text) talk to encoder XD  The best 4th wall-breaking I've seen in a while.
No one is talking about bendy in the bubbles where they are in the cassical cartoon one
Finally, the guy i root for wins
17:00
Discord vs Q from Star Trek?
Haven't watch this show in years. Saw this video in my recommendations and was brought back in.
This had "I may die but I'm going to take you with me." Vibes.
Oh dang, this was actually bonkers. 5 star. First video i watched on this channel already made me subscribe and like INSTANTLY.
And they STILL didn't bother to remember that Twilight can conjure a force field that can repel even reality-warping powers. Granted, there would be no Death Battle between Discord and Bill if Mane Six took out the latter via Elements of Harmony (which they would most very likely could do), but still...
discord def wins ez ez ez
I can count on 1 hand the characters that my OC, God-Teen, would be so pants-shittingly afraid of fighting that he would do almost anything to avoid fighting them. And guess who’s at the top of that list? Here’s a hint: his name rhymes with “Hill Pfeiffer”!        …Well… basically anything except make a deal, I should say….
Screw you guys for making me care about a damn Pony! Discord noooooooooo! 😭😭😭😭😭
This is one of my top 10 favorite episodes along with Po versus Danny Donkey Kong versus Knuckles Scooby-Doo versus courage and the list just goes on it is amazing how far death battle has come
I love how Discord got the last laugh.
I need a blooper for this
Dont help me, i freed bill because i hate this world as much as he hated his
I love when characters are so powerful that Wiz doesn't even bother calculating Strength, speed or durability. And instead has to measure how reality reacts to their existence 😂
Mr. Mxyzptlk or Bat-Mite should get a crack at Bill next.
16:22 while Discord's trickery and shenanigans had pulled Bill's last patience, Bill's victory was a Pyrrhic victory; 'supposedly' killing Discord, but not before Discord lured Bill back into the Nightmare Dimension and closed Equestria from his grasp.
Who voice acted discord? it sounds like the actual voice actor
15:33 sure i love chess
16:48 Bill is so cool and strong!!💪😎
Discord gave bill a fate worse than death kinda
Bill one shots
Actually, I've discovered that Bill can't really eradicate spirits. 1st off, the two guys weren't spirits they were figments of Mabel's imagination brought to life by Bill they were never real or alive to begin with. 2nd that was something only in the mindscape. Dipper and Mabel also were able to do that stuff in the mindscape and only in the mindscape so the same rule probably applies to Bill we've never seen him do that in the real world. Lastly they weren't spirits they were subconsciouses (I think). If Bill really could eradicate spirits he would've eradicated Dipper when he turned him into a spirit. So Bill couldn't have killed Discord like that.
Probably the best animated battle.
Disney Forces Xenoverse Storyline  Chaos VS Weirdness, Bill Cipher Fight For Weirdness
bill chipher>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>discord
Battle 13:16
16:39 What is written on that sheet?
You makes a Very good job, i really like this crazy animations!🎉🎉
I wasn’t the only one who didn’t understand what was happening and who won.
I find the argument that Discord wouldn't take Bill seriously dumb when they literally say that he knows who he is, meaning that he should know that Bill is an actual threat to him and would take him seriously because he has taken others on a similar scale to him seriously before as shown when he banished Comsos.
LET ME OUT!!!
Honestly I would enjoy a crossover where bill takes over the mlp universe
😎 Discord is so so proud of himself in this scene 16:42 to 16:47
16:35 I still find it hard to bill lieve 😂 that bill wasn’t fast enough to enter the portal before it closed
Next time: The Lich, (Last Scholar of GOLB) vs Emperor Belos (Emperor of the Boiling isles)
Did I see a Bendy as a flower 14:54
Bendy in the background 14:53
PHANTOM THE PHANTOM THIEF 2 PHANTOM VS BILL CIPHER  BILL CIPHER DANGEROUS LEVEL THE TRUE LEGENDARY  BILL CIPHER BOSS FIGHT TRUE HARDEST BOSS DISCORD DANGEROUS LEVEL 9 CHAPTER 9 BEGINS
His original homeworld is'nt the nightmare realm but instead a unnamned dimension wich he destroyd
Mitsuki   Vs Pikachu Pokemon   Boruto
16:09 Bill Cipher: I'm  an all  seeing  G̴̤̤̅͂́̚Ỏ̶̡̙͍̤͚́D̵̹̠͕̳͑
Now THIS is MY kind of chaos!!!
@auroralunar2534
Mas o Discord não pode morrer, ele é conectado ao caos, então ele so pode morrer se o conceito de caos deixar de existir, e eu acho que o bill em toda batalha não pensou nesse detalhe!!! Como o discord esta conectado ao caos, eu acho que quando bill o esmagou, ele so voltou pro universo dele, afinal ele esta conectado ao conceito de caos no universo de mlp, como foi mostrado quando ele estava petrificado, so um pouquinho de briga entre as 3 potrinhas que eu esqueci o nome, fez ele se libertar, eu suponho que quando acontecer algo caotico em mlp, o discord voltara novinho em folha, afinal o que nao falta em mlp é o caos!!! Siguindo essa logica, ele tecnicamente venceu em extrategia, afinal nunca foi intenção do discord matar bill, e sim tiralo de seu universo, e ele conseguiu mostrando que nivel de inteligência o discord é superior!!!
let's just make this clear this entire fight was the animators being overworked and just showing off.
everyone talking about the ending....no one talking about how Discord and Bill mess with the analysis screens  Bill's feats: committed omnicide, parricide, stalking kidnapping, usurpation, unlawful imprisonment, malefic abuse of power, mass destruction, corruption, sabotage, terrorism, mass torture, crimes against humanity, arson, treason, coercion, and turned a man's coffee decaf................(the horror...)......TOTALLY DIRECTED THIS EPISODE! GO AHEAD AND CHECK!......(Nice try buffoon, but not all Bills are created equal!)  Discord: *literally starts writing his own feats because he can*.......OH BOY HE MADE A NON-CANON SPIN OF SERIES, HE SURE IS COOL....(Unlike some Triangles I know, still has loved ones left}.....NOT FOR LONG!
Well, saving the world and friends are worth more than winning the battle. I respect Discord for that
10:33  Just as he snapped, an ad popped up for me. I was genuinely surprised.
If discord is a concept and revived by two children arguing, regenerated from a few modifications on furnitures, why can’t he revive/regenerate from the amount of chaos happening in this battle?
YEEEAH! Go Bill! Put those bronies in their place!!!!! Discord went out like a punk!
There was one controversial thing Discord has done and that was set up the main conflict of the final season
By far one of the best death battles out there
Now this is worth $50k
Rule 1: if Bill Cipher claims he can see everything chances are he's about to get humbled in some way even if he does end up killing his opponent
Saving his world and friends was always the goal. Living was just a luxury.
what the LUIGI is this
Woah woah woah! That very end with the announcement for Alex vs Cole, What is that slaying soundtrack going on! I must find it!
Poor discord, at least he went out doing what he loved: messing with people.
Bill may have won the battle but Didcord saved the world, i think he got the better deal in that
Was that a green day reference in Bill's drum set at the start of the fight?
That puppet scene was pure genius!
Discord literally saved the my little pony universe and sacrificed his life. Oh yeah and I'm pretty sure he's chaotic neutral
I just realized, discord is from a world where one of bills weaknesses is everywhere
I watch gravity falls and mlp
For watching some mlp episodes discord is actually the best character (he needs his own series)
What about The Mask vs Bill Cipher vs. Deadpool vs. Discord?
It really is a weird situation, because of the stipulation that someone has to die and can't come back immediately.  If Bill knew that killing Discord wouldn't matter because he'd just respawn later, he would absolutely consider this a total loss.
what if Bill meet "the mask"
Nah, Discord definitely wins this.
I literally had no idea who would win. in most of these battles its pretty easy to assume who will win but they were so equal
Holy smokes look at the chair I see Pinky Melina 13:37
I love bill,s ego and discord,s foolishness
This is an amazing fight.
"Twin Princesses"  ... They aren't twins. Celestia is quite a bit older than Luna.
“That’s disgusting Wiz. Horse meat goes in burritos.” - Boomstick 2023
19:25 he says “reality is a illusion the universe is a hologram buy gold bye!” 😂
Make the transformer, combiner devastator versus Godzilla please death battle do it
13:27 to see the battle
Pobre discord, se sacrifico para salvar a Flutershy, bueno al menos Bill cipher esta muerto, yo lo mate, bieno mis hermanos y yo lo matamos haciendo la fusion en Ultra instinto dominado 😂😂😂
Does the cipher at 1:45 have a translation?
Any Brony would know that if Bill fucked with Flutter why Bill wouldn't have had time time blink before he was offed. They referenced the comics so they know how dark and twist Discord can be.
As a proud Brony still to this day, boom stick preaching the gospel of flutter shy makes my old heart ha.
please settle aang vs korra debate
This is the best death battle i have ever watched
Bill Cipher Winners Discord Losers
Ok what was the reverse
You have an agreement  Hey, hey, I'm the one who has a deal for you  I will tell you, but tell me that I agree with you so that I can say that I agree 😊
I feel like discord technical didnt die more like just faded for a while after all while he can disappear if he betrays his nature as long as their is chaos discord cant die
16:47 Bill chypher getting pissed for those who wanted to know
Dorito
Alma Wade from F.E.A.R vs Eveline from Resident Evil 7
Bill my have won the battle but he lost the war
What nexts, me after eating Taco Bell vs The toilet.
I thought discord was a gamer social app
kueannXni
For anyone whos wondering i was able to find the real name of the glitchyness Name: "inXnneauk
Bro I love dis fight😂
Even though, im kinda mad that Discord lost. I didnt realized that he trapped Bill in his old home. Which pretty much is a lost for Bill. So I'm glad that they both did caused trouble to each other.
Steven seagle vs Frank dux
1:16 there were no dots on Ohio...
A battle where the loser is actually the one winning by sacrificing his own life hold off a literal god stronger than him, and starts it off by delivering one last silly message to a friend? That's... Actually really good.
Bill cipher for the win mutherfucker
Alastor The Radio Demon vs Bill Cipher Death Battle.                                     COMING OUT 2025
I'm confused why rarity and Twilight sparkle were posters, I mean they are covered in unicorn hair shouldn't bill not be able to magic them?
Lets also not forget that they both technically cant be permanently killed except in one specific way. Discord is malevolence; if everything else is dead, he'd die too, Bill can only be permanently stopped by the Zodiac, All other methods are temporary. Only one of these methods would be availible to the other combatant
Ahora Bill es moderador de Discord.
Bill Cipher VS Spamton
14:53 holy moly bendy vs cuphead confirmed
3:32
Can you please do Sora from Kingdom Hearts vs Steven Universe? I’ve been dying to watch those two cheerful boys fight to the death.  But anyway, with that aside, this battle was flipping awesome! The visuals were absolutely phenomenal, and even though I really expected the fight to end in a tie, it still made sense Bill would win. Him and Discord are one of my all time favorite cartoon characters!
Bill would clap discord in a fight
14:22 green day reference
While Bill technically won the fight, you could make the argument that it was a draw. Discord was able to send Bill back to the Flat Dimension. The ponies were safe and beyond Bill's grasp. Discord was laughing when he died. Sure he lost the battle but the war Bill wants will now never come. In order to get out, Bill needs to make a deal. and anyone who knows anything about him will never do it. He needs someone who hasn't seen Gravity Falls. But if they never saw the show, then all they see is a cartoon triangle. Why make a deal with a dorato chip?
Discord won and lost at the same time
Anyone know the song used in the battle?
When Discord snaps Wiz and boomstick into Ben and Chad in the recording studio.
Bill Cipher may have won the battle, but Discord won the war by baiting him. Only if Discord was battling seriously, then maybe he would've stand a chance.
14:31 i like how mabel and dipper are ponies
13:22 when it starts
16:45 bro got freaking murdered
"...Or Denny's at 3AM!"
More reality warpers
Do Godzilla Ultima vs Bill Cipher
yeah that was pretty bad. Discord takes over the gravity falls
The “LET ME OUT OR I WILL YOUR DREAM” from bill in then the guy who’s name I forgot shrieking like a little girl, had me rolling😂😂
14:20 SANS?!
So you’re telling me Bill got isekai’ed 💀
This matchup was pretty fair and im happy with how it turned out. The animation was something on another level tho
17:10 but what if he cancels uwucutesingle? Can i make the deal?
Nope I don’t wanna make one
You waste almost 13 min for bla bla bla
sus very sus very sus very sus very sus very sus very sus very sus very sus very sus
ho ho ho
Who names a character after an app for gamer?
dose anyone know who won i didnt understand
Even tho he died he can prob get revived some day cause he’s the substance of chaos and chaos is everywhere
I loved this but I think the true way all would have ended would be that we did not know. That everyone but also nobody could have won or that they still might be fighting while they have already stopped. In this idea maybe what we saw here was just one way the fight ended besides the endless other options or fights still going and ending right now in the future or the past. X3
and you know what? I want to see the prehistory and epilogue of this DEATH BATTLE, I would like to know how Bill got into the world of MLP. p.s. i mean, i wanna see that story in comic.
I was about to say if Bill didn't win I will my little pony my self
Po ey
"A tad Euclidean for my taste." 10/10 line, no notes.
16:52 this scene is so good
W battle Bill cypher beats all
I feel like discord and bill would be great friends
I loved seeing the bendy reference in the dimension warp
I saw bendy in that cartoony part w/ the flowers, bendy was disguised as a flower 🤔
I didn't know My Little Pony had a character so sick like Pony of Shadows
14:54 people who saw bendy
Both are the opposite of balance and order And by extension creating a balance within the chaotic imbalance of power
They needed to add the song discord from the living tombstone
Now that was one of the most weirdest and tripping battle that I ever seen in Death Battle.
I feel like sheer cartoon physics would beat bill, since he's from a "realistic" cartoon
Dude I don't even know who won from just the fight
Discord wins this battle. No. Question.
I’m gonna be honest, I own a replica of the bill cipher statue that was sitting on my shelf while watching and as soon as I saw the “wanna make a deal?” Part at the end and I immediately thought about shaking the statue’s hand. 😂
Me when I see the 16:57 part: OMG YES I WISH I COULD ACTUALLY PUT MY HAND THROUGH THE SCREEN!!!
15:39-17:00
Don't you idiots ever get tired of being the wrongest people on the internet this side of matpat?
=ORIGINAL VOICE ACTORS,RIGHT??  ........................
I'm a bit confused because they made it seem like bill cipher lost, but after some re-evaluation here is my conclusions.   Discord resigned (but didn't die) but brought Bill Cipher back to his dimension (the one seen in gravity falls when they was in ford's mind discussing the portal and how he was tricked).   Bill Cipher killed Discord's spirit, killing discord but like the last conclusion was brought back to his dimension.  Couldn't think of any others...
I can not physically express how much I want to make a deal with him
tbh that music when bill puts his hand inside his eye is pretty fire
"LET ME OUT OR ILL EAT YOUR DREAMS!"  That one actually got me
can i make a deal with bill
chaos in battle form
Sure I'll make a deal
14:15 Super small detail that I loved: after Discord buries Bill under all those desserts, it ends with a cherry on top coupled with the classic "ding" sound effect.  When it cuts back to Discord, what is he holding? A desk bell.  This man supplied his own sound effects.
Bro I thought he was talking about the app :skull:
You know, weird observation, but rewatching some of my favorite Death Battles...THIS is the first time one of the combatants has cared more about the world they were fighting on than winning the fight itself. Like, seriously, this is the first time when both combatants CAN destroy a planet without blinking an eye, and one of them sacrifices the fight, in order to spare the world they're on.  No one else in this series has given enough of a dang to preserve the world if it gives them even a slight disadvantage in the fight. Not even people like Superman, who, barring certain film versions, does NOT let himself go all out if it will endanger anyone else.  Not sure what that says about the fight itself, but Pony characters tend to make this series do weird things. From Rainbow Dash eating souls, Twilight evolving mid fight, or Pinkie Pie throwing a party that defeats the hosts...neat.
Imagine if they added a 3rd combatant Mr Mxyzlptlk
I lowkey want to make a deal
The effort that goes to these videos is absolutely insane and I love it!
It would be funny if in Book of Bill will be an ester egg to MLP or Death Battle (would be even funnier if turns out that Alex decided to wrote that book because of this episode).
Discord loses the battle but wins the war. I can live with that.
this has absoutly nothing to do with this video, but i just found out gravity falls is in oregon. i have to say, that's just every part of oregon
THIS IS SO WELL MADE OMG HOW HAVE I JUST FOUND THIS
14:55 bendy is in the back round
Goku le gana
En realidad mientra exista el caos discord no puede ser asesinado, aunque lo discord hizo fue algo contrario a su naturaleza en donde quiso en una forma indirecta traer orden al universo salvado a sus amiga de paso.
DO MORTAL KOMBAT AGAIN!! KITANA AND CHUN-LI PLEASE
Think is bill cipher is gonna win
I always get too distracted to comment after this video, but today I remembered! The Q snap (because Discord isn't the only chaos god the actor has played) to change dimensions WITH THE SIGNATURE LIGHT FLASH immediately followed by the line "Tell Jean Luc his show is worse than 'Code of Honor'"...  the single deepest Star Trek deep cut he could have made.  Also comparing "Picard" as a series unfavorably to the worst episode of TNG made me wince more than anything else Cypher did.  heh.
I feel the fact that Discord is friend with one, but arguably 2 unicorns is under utalized, oke, it not cancels out Bill's magic, but certainly could have limit him significantly... Also, Discord can split, so he could have done anything with an alternative version... and I feel locking Bill in his limbo was always the end, soo, not really fatality...
So how tf does discord lose if all it takes it unicorn hair to deter Bill  Discord plays jackass with alicorns for kicks and snatches the horns off of magically armed unicorns
I knew who would win before I even started this video!
Discord saved Equestria but he didn't save himself
Bill cipher wins no diff
Let me out or I eat your dream
Good. I hate Discord.
Next MLP Death Battle: Applejack Vs. Maximus (Tangled)
These are my two favorite characters ever
John Delancie is a voice-actor that you just can't beat. Set up MLP on the TV for my neice and kept watching with her once I heard his voice xD
I cant have been the only one to expect discord to borrow a hairs from all the unicorns he knows to shields himself at least somewhat
bendy in the background 14:56
13:25
how exactly did bill win?:D discord remade his body a lot, and Bill got trapped in end. If discord gets it power from chaos whatever Bill dos makes him by difout only stronger.
counter point: the more chaos exists, the stronger discord becomes. It's the inverse law of discord vanishing when he becomes less chaotic.
Bruh I thought something else when i saw discord. Doesnt meen that im disapointed though
i think bill will still win but with very hard diff
Question. Didn't John say that Discord was Q as well? Just curious. Figured that'd be added too.
That ending caught me off guard 😂” let me out or I’ll eat your dreams”😂 golden
13:30  "...took a lot of glue. Good thing your friends make their own."  I just picked up on this, Bill grinding Pony Hooves into homade glue seems like somthing he would do. Fits his morbid sense of humor...
Wow, it looks amazing indeed!  May I wonder where you took Discord's sprite from?
The bill 'true name' part needs a warning.. ow my brain.
Did i just saw bendy:0 14:54
Screw discord pinky pie is more concerning
Я не понимаю Билл шифр может телепортироваться и почему не пошёл сразу же в портал
15:34 Bill: I Love *Checkers!*  Also Bill: *literally drops a chess piece at him*
The way they described them, the battle should be either a stalemate or discord would win tbh. I feel like they hyped up discord significantly more than bill.
Discord: “ I am going to screw with you forever. “ Bill: “ I will split the pieces of your very being, scatter them across the universe and obliterate you into oblivion.”
Ok who the fuck made a contract with Bill? Why is he releasing a book?
Only people who saw bendy from bendy and the ink machine can like this comment
Tbh he killed discord yes but being trapped in ur realm again would say he didnt exactly win the war just the battle TvT
How did this man literally lose to two kids? but was able to kill him😕😕
Someone send this to Alex Hirsch please.
what if it was Discord Vs Axolotel(the gravity falls axolotl)
I remember the parody
Day 1 of asking Rimuru Vs shiraori
I love the music, can someone just make a playlist of death battle music?
Looking back this might just be my favorite of the season, we need more goofy and creative fights like this fr,
Never seen either series so I put this ep off for a while. I never would of guessed that this is one of the GREATEST Death Battles ever.
Winners vs losers
We need old man man Mcgucket vs Patrick video
They went absolutely nuts with the animation on this one. My favorite part had to be when they changed into a puppet show and then Discord broke the fourth wall by becoming a hand. This fight was exactly as crazy as advertised  Also the voice actors really popped off with this one, they did good performing as the characters and capturing their expressive nature. I think the ending makes sense though, given Bill is a little more of a "serious" antagonist than Discord. And I liked that they provided their other reasoning. DEATH BATTLE has always been very thorough with their research which is part of why I respect them.  That and having sick animators on the team
9:40
Will you guys do a death battle featuring Tord from eddsworld please?
I like how in the end, Discord knew he couldn't defeat Bill so his last act was to send Bill back to the Nightmare Dimension in order to save his friends
Bruh the animation in this one is fantastic.
I like how discord still screwed with bill cipher's victory making it bitter sweet
I can't believe that the fact boomstick is a dad just slipped us by
Bill killed Discord but Discord trapped Bill in a reality he couldn't escape from. Does anyone else feel like this battle was more of a tie?
Whatever you paid the animators for this fight, it's not enough. You've really outdone yourselves this time.
❗ ❗ EXCLAMATION POINT ❗ ❗
Why does Discord saying "I'm surprised you don't recognize your old home." goes so hard?
The Bell argument is just straight up wrong. The anti weirdness bubble was a shield, physically blocking the concept of "weirdness" or more specifically Bill. I refuse to accept the idea that a shield not draining his power is proof that he can't be weakened, these concepts aren't even related.
13:26
now do bill cipher vs uncle grandpa or golb
i am not a regular watcher of this channel but something tells me that this is the best episode in this channel or at least one of the best
Discord spoiled his own Loss the only one in death battle history Discord truly wins in the long run
❔❓❔ QUESTION MARK ❓❔❓
My dumbass: I wanna make a deal 🤝
If i were to quibble about the ending i would probably say the examples of spiritual damage/regeneration take the clips out of context i.e. dipper wasnt spiritually damaged in that clip and even if he was later in the same episode a memory of grunkle stan helps dipper realize he can fix it, so are we saying by the logic of this ending that dipper is stronger than discord in this regard?  I dunno i feel like that doesnt hold up to scrutiny, i will admit bill is ruthless in pursuing victory but i truely think discord out scales him in terms of scope like bill needing a hole in reality to poke kinda forces him into a league below
Bill might have won the battle but lost the war... so who really won?
Discord lost the fight... but won the battle - and got the last laugh.
Being simultaneously sponsored by a gambling service and a therapy website is insane
Discord lost the battle but he won the war
Technically... Bill Lost either way.
When they say they run the data of all possibilities  they don't be doing the mathing  right tbh 🤧😭😂 they suck on that but they  do good videos
AMONG US 14:53
Dude seeing fluttershy so sad at discords goodbye letter was heartbreaking bro.
The craziest thing is that the animator didn't use the voice to animation feature to get accurate lip flaps on what I assume is "adobe animate". it takes like an extra 20 minutes and I bet death battle pays well enough to spare the time for quality. Though they do draw attention to it for a joke, so maybe I'm just too drunk to get the humor in poor work.
Bill also never harmed a soul in any form
Only issue with bill’s analysis is a slight issue, he could not escape the weird field ultimately making him nearly omnipotent, where as discord could break out of his prison with a little bit of disharmony, ultimately placing him as stronger by a very slight margin
I honestly wasn’t even sure who won for a bit.
I loved that he turned him into a Dorito
13:27 the exact time ofthe fight for ya!
Bill cipher meet Steven Universe's mind.
Song ?
is that clip from bambi in the circle pointing at discord's hoof ?
15:33sure I love checkers.            Me:that’s chess
Cringe
Love their casual messing with death battle screens
Or popeye vs Bill
Uncle granpa vs Bill Cypher
So which character in MLP made a deal with Bill?
I agreed to the deal. Help.
As bill cipher I can this is accurate
Man that was a cool battle keep up the good work
I’m sure Bill will be even stronger and more impressive than we thought once we read “The Book of Bill”.
16:44 16:07 16:06 16:48
In the black and white demension you could easily see Bendy
The soundtrack for this video is fire
Ao it all came down to who had the most likely lose condition given their personality
bill is strong that he can beat goku no dif
Get ready to get wiggity wiggity weird!
2 ultimate reality benders fighting each other has unstabilized a reality now there are holes in portals and rift events in the and now creatures from alternative universes and everything else are beginning to roam around everywhere creating a very unstable cluster you're lucky that My Little pony has so many fan projects and alternative otherwise we may have a Omniverse of collision on
15:01 multiple layers of alternative Omniverse is in universes are colliding at the same time making a perpetual loop of and a potential merging event
Warning to class 5 reality benders will creating holes in the multiverse creating holes in the multiverse allowing creatures of non-existent the infinite void the infinite and many other non-existent places to flow in like an endless
You guys need to do master chief and doom guy (account for the elephant flipping)
This is some high quality, like you have original animation and a charming voices and editing
As of December 2023, someone accepted that Faustian bargain, Boomstick.
I'm not listening to that public service announcement, WHERE'S BILL?!!
I only have one gripe is draining and nullifying the same or separate because if they aren't I'd give the true W to discord but whatever.
"We can only hope that this equilateral enemy of all that's holy and decent is never coming back!!"  Me: THINK AGAIN AND GET READY FOR THE BOOK OF BILL COMING IN JULY OF 2024!!
And to celebrate the win, Bill is making a book.
Seeing the views, this will possibly surpass Link VS Cloud (2021) in a while.
OK I know this battle is the caviar of the series. I also know this might be the greatest "story line" setups DB has ever had, & I am way late to the party. We saw Dipper and Mabel ponies, so they probably helped as Bill was distracted with Discord (GRAPPLINGHOOK!!) If we were going to write this as a crossover event, Who made the deal with Bill to get him to Equestria?
You also forgot to mention that while Discord tried to erase Bill Cipher in his mind, it wouldn't work because Bill’s body didn't turn into stone like it did when entering Stan’s mind. Which in turn, lets Bill take Discord out of his mind and body and kill him in the process.  However, that still doesn't explain why Bill was able to survive being hit in a mindscape that's about to be destroyed by discord while he got one shot by Stan while not able to do anything except spaz out when stuck in Stan’s mind.
Love them both but Bill can trick people like a boss and Discord gets tricked.
Congratulations Bill fans you will be getting a new book fully dedicated to him next year.
For anyone wondering at the end when Bill does his trademark backwards speak it's "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!" which is one of his trademark lines from the show.
This is the first time I watched a vid on this channel and this video is so good. I don’t regret watching this video first at all.
who saw bendy 👇
Apparently, Alex is releasing a book written by Bill coming 2024!
I really enjoy this fight and I am glad that they were able to show Bill Cipher as a powerful threat. Since I am tired of people acting like they definitely did see the finale and claim “Bill got tricked by two kids and two old man” like a fact.   Also let me help clarify some things. While yes Discord could get the materials need to be use against Bill, it can’t really kill him only block his attacks. Even still Bill Cipher could counter by using the rocks from the Changeling hive to simply remove Discord’s magic, putting them at equal footings.  Now I am tired of people also using scaling like 11d or outerversal as evidence without actually stating evidence like abilities since it kinda stupid in my opinion. So I agree with their results and reasoning since they put a lot of thought into this.  Now to explain Bill Cipher can’t really be killed in his own mind since he need to leave his spirit. While Discord could try to change Bill, I doubt it would work since Discord didn’t use that abilities on threats like Tirek and others when he could.   Now to fully explain why the “Bill got outsmarted by two kids” statement is a false as the Earth is Flat. Is because if you actually watch the finale you would see Bill Cipher was gonna kill one of them if it weren’t for Stanley.  You see Stanley is the world’s greatest con artist. And Ford is the world smartest man. Better than calling them simply “two old men”.  They also are twins and can have a great voice impression on the other. Since they switch clothes and Bill went into Stanly mind. If Ford acted a second sooner Bill would probably escaped.   Now to explain why Bill didn’t see the trick is really if you watch the show you will see that these two would never get along and really their fight stop their previous effort from beating Bill. So really them working together and Stanley to be willing to sacrifice himself is an improbability to Bill.
eh but did bill really win this is another case of a pyric victory like guy vs almight or rather in this case Discord had a valiant defeat becasue bill still lost
I never thought I’d see the day a demon and discord the app fight those pings must have been crazy
I, like many people here, really enjoy this episode. The animation and narrative of the fight is so well done, especially when you realize the little details like how, to win the fight, Bill shoved his hand through his stained glass eye, symbolicly blinding himself, much like how he was blind to Discord’s plan not to win the battle, but the war.  But, one of the adorable little details in framing through the chaotic world-spinning portion, at 14:30, a grappling hook shoots across the screen, held by a MLP version of Mabel who flies across the screen and catches a MLP version of Dipper.  They even have the Pine Tree and Shooting Star as their cutie marks! (To those who aren’t as familiar with Gravity Falls, those 2 symbols were the ones embodied by their respective twin in the prophecy to defeat Bill, with the rest of the symbols being other characters in the show. Bill even calls the twins “Pine Tree” and “Shooting Star”.) So, it’s very fitting those are their cutie marks in an battle revolving around Bill. 😄
Hey death battle crew quick question whats your opinion on Garfield vs snoopy (Garfield vs peanut )
I’d make a deal with him
I’ll make a deal ⚠️
and they still didn’t show all of Bills feats Lool
As an uncle to two nephews (4-year-old Noah and 2-month-Levi), I know first-hand how wonderful they can be.
That ending is so perfect. Bill Cypher is a weirdly perfect Lovecraftian ideal with modern Christian Satan style "bargains" to get on the mortal plane. Alex Hershe rules for making that work in a Disney show and you rule for nailing that feeling
What did Bill say? (The part where he spoke in reverse)
This is absolutely the best batter ever to exist.
I like how even though Discord lost, he got the last laugh, trapping Bill back in the Nightmare Realm
So when they mentioned unicorn hair holding back Bill I fully expected to see discord running around ponyville screaming "Give me your brushes! No, I will not explain!" Feels like a missed opportunity.
BRO IM TELLIN U BOTH ARE TOO STRONG NOBODY WINS.
My only reaction to this was "AINT NO WAY MLP MADE A FEAR AND LOATHING REFERENCE" 😅
pleas do a death battle  between   sly coper  vs carmen sand ado
Jeez the detail of Bill's Eye going bloodshot from sheer RAGE as he deleted Discord was just amazing
Bill going again teenagers taking on discord. I wonder who wound win?😮
Discord may have lost the battle, but he has won the war.
Discord going out like a boss!
Interesting…     (Literally the rest of this is pointless)   Fan AU’s + bias can make anyone beat anyone… also cannon characters < than fan ones
I just wonder if one day he will return to death battle
When you realize this was made on 9/11
14:44 Discord: What's Up, Triangle? Bill: Oh, it is ON!
What did bill say at the end?
!EEEEYB ,DLOG YUB ,MARGOLOH A SI ESREVINU EHT ,NOISULLI NA SI YTILAER
did you know that Bill is still alive in the show
This is easily one of the best episodes of DB, love this one
they did not have to go that hard in that death battle like omg the "I'm an all seeing god" part hit hard
Guess who will make a deal though
The thing about this Death Battle that stands out to me is the fact there’s stakes to the fight other than who kills who. Discord isn’t fighting to prove he’s superior, he’s fighting to save his friends.
Bill cipher vs collector please
Soo... who won?
Discord basically has a method to win explicitly written. To collapse things into 2D. - a place where Bill has been stuck.
14:52  IS THAT AMONGUS
I mean… feels a bit unfair, even if I’m biased. You note that Discord is more powerful than anyone in his universe, INCLUDING a villain who’d threaten the multiverse given time, and Bill too fits under that rule. Also got to consider, if Discord could figure out the unicorn hair rule, which is highly likely because a third of the population of Equestria is straight up unicorns, he’d have an immediate way of stopping Bill’s attacks. Sure it can’t drain Bill of his powers but something which can stop all of his attacks dead? Seems fairly useful to me.
I don't think that Bill can win this, tbh. My reasoning is as follows; 1: Discord's lordship of the chaotic realm gives him control of chaos on a multiversial level and thus Bill, being an incarnation of weirdness (which is ultimately chaos) would be subject to Discord's power. (No, Bill could not take it from him as everything he does is planned out) 2: Bill is incredibly weak to physical attacks, which Discord is not above doing, one of his standard tricks is 'being behind someone and petting or otherwise dancing atop them. It's incredibly reasonable to believe Discord could catch Bill off guard and punch him to destroy him as Dipper almost did and had to be stopped. 3: The Unicorn spell preventing Bill from interacting with anything was *never* broken by Bill and could be easily instituted by Discord as he can simply see when that was happening (as he's nigh omniscient) and turn a copy of himself into a unicorn to complete it without any issues around his prime self, choosing only to engage with Bill in ways that Discord wins. 4: Bill never reached a higher-dimensional state, is outrun by children using a grappling hook for several minutes when he gets angry, and is incredibly easy to get angry. 5: Discord could equally likely summon, brainwash and use the zodiac circle that was setup and known to be able to defeat Bill. It would not be hard for him to make that happen. 6: Discord's only ever defeated by two things: having his powers drained (which Bill is never shown to be able to do except through deals) and a universe tier artifact that exists to erase weirdness/chaos and set things back to order. Bill is not capable of either of those conditions, but Discord is more than capable of measuring up to multiple of Bill's defeat conditions. 7: Discord IS shown to not take things seriously, but he's also shown to recognize a threat when he sees it. The only reason he believed himself immune to the Elements of Harmony is because he believed he'd actually defeated them. Bill's Arrogance won't allow him to play weak like that, so Discord would know exactly how serious to take this fight. He's *deadly* serious when referring to things that matter to him. He gets an edge in his voice that's clearly detectable even from his first scene with Princess Celestia. 8: Bill was almost defeated by an energy blast from a gun that Ford put together. The only reason he wasn't is that Dipper and Ford were spooked by an eyebat and missed, hitting Bill's hat instead. If Bill is capable of being defeated by a weapon made of mortal artifice, and Discord's seen the show as the episode indicates, then Discord can replicate that weapon endlessly and fill every single space in space with the particles that would blast Bill without a second thought, given that he has complete, unbound control over what is anywhere at any time (which Bill is NOT shown to have, not really).  9: Even within this episode, there's no explanation as to why Bill didn't simply die to Discord physically punching his spirit in his own mind. I don't understand how you can say that wouldn't work for Discord when it worked for Stan. Stan the *infinitely less powerful* human. The logic seems to be that 'because Bill didn't have tunnel-vision, he can't die to that', but that isn't what's shown, either in this episode or in Gravity Falls. Bill didn't just escape his own mind and stop Discord from winning that way here, nor is it shown that if he hadn't been focused on Ford Stan's punch wouldn't have killed him. A single punch should have ended it once Discord went inside, and Bill should have had no way of stopping Discord from going inside, since we do not see him stop someone from using that on him ever, and Bill should have had no way of stopping Discord punching his lights out because Bill, even with his physical form, struggled to stop Dipper's jumping punch, which still advanced on him a while before it was stopped and Dipper was forced back.   Bill is strong, but he's much more limited than Discord is. Weirdness Magnetism is the least of what Discord can *easily* achieve, and that foiled Bill completely. Discord (especially in the comics, but even in the show) is beyond anything Bill has to offer where he is actually stopped. Mabel's Prison Bubble is infinitely less complex than Discord's chaotic realm and is stated by Bill to be the most dangerous thing he's ever conceived.  Discord is simply not going to lose this, and the Elements of Harmony are going to stomp in a Unicorn spell bubble with Discord behind them at worst.  Bill WOULD have been able to defeat Discord IF Bill actually succeeded in his plans and became higher dimensional. But as was, stuck in 3d, still subject to laws of weirdness magnetism, with a strong aversion of physical force and multiple means of defeat achievable by average (albeit intelligent) humans... Bill has no chance of ever defeating Discord, not how we see him in the comics nor how we see him in the show. All of Bill's strongest capabilities required him to make deals to access them, and even then none of them were remotely as strong as Discord's, at the level he got to.  Also, Bill never actually killed Time Baby. Time Baby was stated to regenerate in the post-credits information.
What an ending I thought the loser had won until they explained it though
I think that the message given by discord could essentially mean a tie, even though the rules of the death battle are a kill. This seems like they both are evenly matched.
Discord violates no diff
7:45
I love how Discord basically saved his "friend's friends" by trapping Bill away. And when Bill goes serious mode, it was absolutely EPIC !
How did Bill survived and resisted his mind being burned that moment is where he would lose cause he needed help from the Axle to survive cause he could not survive it so Bill may win but not if its a mind game that is where Discord wins  If he knew the future how did he not know he would lose Discord became more serious after everything so he would take this fight more serious  Trillion years does not mean he is smart enough cause living for so long would only be beneficial if he learns not just rally's on his powers and most time he just done nothing
Best reference for me was the snap after the puppet fight.  Great call back to John DeLancey aka "Q" and the voice of Discord in the show.  👍
The difference between a powerful creature with knowledge against a powerful creature with strategy
The letter Discord was writing wasn’t just to celestia its was to everyone to explain what happen to him and what her learned from it…
You should do four (bfdi) vs arceus (Pokémon)
Next time over lord in Ninjago fight him
14:36 please don’t tell me you know the Bill Cipher Dorito meme 💀
BILL vs OMNI MAN who wins?
14:54 anyone noticed bendy the whole time
17:11 he meant to say do everything the yellow nacho man in a top hat says.
Im bouta buss im bouta buss
BUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSS
Ambassing
BUUUSSSSSSTTTTTTTT
Yeah im boutabust
Ambatukam
Ambatukam
Discord is an app
Wouldn't discord win because he didn't get trapped???
Rewatching this fight, and honestly... Bill may have won, but Discord truly was the one who was victorious.
If you can’t win against them, screw with them!!!!
15:00 YAAAAY! Two words! More puppets! 🤣👍
Wait a second... 'turn form 2d to 3d at will'... Wheres the feat for that? Bills whole thing was he needed to get into the third dimension to turn third dimensional. The moment Discord has the two in the nightmare realm Discords reality warping should trump bills because 3d > 2d. Bills whole like plot and scheem was getting to the third dimension, if it was something he could just do he wouldn't need the portal.
0:39 can we appreciate how good a series GF is? We are still giving spoiler warnings after 10 years! And the revelations are so good that the warning is very much well earned.
Dreams vs gumball xd
“Tell Jean Luc his show sucks more than code of honour” Had me choking on my tea XD
14:00 big hand
He's basically lord sheogorath, mad God. 🤷‍♂️
Bill is not a goofball he’s a terrifying creature
This is literally just a chaotic good versus chaotic evil match
it would be fuuny if the dicord song by the living tombstone played
It was a tie even though discord died bill cipher will die later because of the fire
Discord may night have been the last one standing but he’s the true winner of this match
Enjoy your "Just desserts"  Good one
Wow, you can see the letter Discord wrote in the beginning of the fight at 16:39, he did ended up sacrificing himself to save his friends. Ngl, I did enjoyed MLP growing up, this death battle was a great one.
anyone else read the title first and immediately imagine bill fighting a discord mod?
I thought you meant him fighting The app Discord
bill cipher vs susie summer camp island please
Got to admit discord sacrificed it's very being to send cypher back I mean he lost but so did Bill so it was a good fight.
"Get in the jar"💀
That segment with the puppets was glorious.
I love how this fan version of discord is significantly more well spoken then the actual discord. You like made up a smart personality for him and it worked lmao.
Good video
15:35 “I love checkers!” *Discord proceeds to get hit with a chess piece  Comedy
The battle was unfair lol bill is too op
Anyone else disappointed they didn't use Discord the song?
This is one of my favorite death battles
But Bill Cipher has a gun. Edit: Quantum States are cool but if they are controlled they are really powerful. Bill also knew both his speed and position which is impossible so he literally knows more than infinity or something. He can kinda bypass the laws of physics. There is probably a lot more you can get from that one information alone. He could like choose between 2 possible timelines if he is in only 2 possible positions. If he can teleport the quantum positions could be anywhere. If Bill exists in multiple universes one of them would have already taken over it so there’s either something like the central finite curve or Bill only exists once and is a concentrated infinity. A singularity of infinite infinity infinitely many times.
Ok everything aside the fight itself was amazing 10/10 well done guys you killed it
Regardless of who lived and who died, I'm going with discord got the last laugh, literally.
Seriously thougg who REALLY won here? or is it Just Pyrrhic?
Please do the Mask vs Bill Cipher next :D
Discord : Multiversal +  Bill Cipher : High Complex Multiversal  Conclusion : Bill Stomps
Bill cipher is a representation of ego, therefore his downfall comes with Grunkle Stan ailing his ego. Discord obviously didn’t do that. This is my favorite death battle because this means that it’s not only accurate lore wise but narratively
Benjamin Damian🎃
F*cking love this show’s editors. (R.I.P, Monty).
best Death Match so far , if not best ending
i dont use money online,so PLEASE do robbie rotten vs huxley (lazytown vs the adventures of elmo in grouchland)
I just searched up bill cipher then I saw bill cipher vs discord in one of the search results thinking it was bill cipher vs discord app
Applejack vs Arizona (Them's Fightin' Herds)
Bill Cypher vs Uncle Grandpa
regardless of losing discord still had the last laugh as an aspect of chaos should
In the old cartoon looking place there is a bendy flower in there as a secret
Make Rayman VS Razputin aquato!!!!!!!!
Make Rayman VS Razputin aquato!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Make Rayman VS Razputin aquato!!!
Make Rayman VS Razputin aquato!!!
What can I say Alex Smashed it with Gravity Falls & Bill himself he is a being of something else & don’t get your hopes up you know bill WILL be back as he says it’s only a matter of time time time…
This is possibly the best death battle so far. Animation is crazy.
Solid
16:10 for an all seeing god, he sure got the wool pulled over his eyes...eye 👁
Bill is fool
I ACEPT YOUR DEAL!!😂😂
Make sense because Discord is only a multiversal being and Bill Cipher is a hyperversal being
Why was Bill cipher mad at the end when he won
Bro great Bendy Easter egg
I personally liked the cartoon-Theme the most. Bill looked cute ngl.
I don't know why but I never watch my little pony but the way the pony says discord just makes me laugh
Discord wins :bro can do anything he can take bills powers and munipulate them against him
14:54 bendy cameo as the flowers  Cup head cameo in 14:56
I saw bendy 😂 14:53
I would make a deal with bill
Alex Hirsch and John De Lancie are friends
16:38  I liked how Bill said no
The *ONLY* thing that might have improved this Deathbattle would have been the inclusion of the song "Discord" by Eurobeat Brony (specifically, the 2015 or 2019 version).
Such a close battle that I couldn’t tell who supposedly lost at the end.
Shouldn't Discord be the winner? When Bill Cipher died, he was punched in the face while being inside a mind that was about to be destroyed. So shouldn't the same outcome happen here or not because Bill Cipher’s mind realm has some special perk Stan’s mind doesn't have that isn't mentioned here?
I dont like mlp. But this is entertaining
14:54 batim flower
Discord can easily win by doing one thing. Snap his fingers to create another dimension, send Bill to that other dimension, then snap his fingers to destroy that dimension.  If Bill is in another realm when that realm is destroyed, such as a mind, or another dimension, Bill is destroyed with it. While both characters are extremely overpowered, Bill does have limitations. Hence why he was stopped by unicorn hair (which Discord can conjure up at a whim), he was stopped by the laws of weirdness that kept him contained in Gravity falls, which is a form of science and reality he has been shown to be unable to fully warp. He also struggles breaking through interdimensional barriers.  Discord does not. have these limitations. Without some way of draining his power, or the magic of friendship, there is nothing Bill can do that Discord can't. But there are multiple things Discord can do that Bill can't. And one of the things that Bill is limited in is his power over the multiverse. Something Discord has full control over.  If these two got into a death battle and we asking who would win with brute force, Discord 100%. BUT if we are not in a death battle scenario and are in a situation where Bill can trick Discord into joining his side with the intent of destroying him later once he gets a hold of something like Grogar's bell, Bill Cypher would win 100%.
they both lost I the power of friendship is wild, so I think Discord could come back ngl, but bills stuck till someone lets him out
The only reason Discord lost is because he cared more about saving his friends than fighting Bill
A great episode, the animation and banter was on par!! :D
That, "Oh, Bill" at the end always gets me every time I watch this. The line was really well delivered.
Bill!!!
Almost forgot to watch this today.
It's about time someone realised the connection between Bill Cipher and Discord. I been waiting for this for years!
Cowards! Give Discord another Fight or I never watch another Death Battle Again!!!
the different sorts of animation was phenomenal
I remember when cartoon fight club did this one years ago i never thought it would pop up here also like if you remember cartoon fight club
"Tell Jean Luc his show is worse.." The fact that Discord's v.a. is John De Lancie makes that line sooo worth it!
5:40-5:44 So true
guys, just say toonforce...
10:33 discord snapped his finger and an ad started, nice
This death battle seams more like the conclusion to a crossover event than a fan animation on YouTube.
I wonder wtf will happen if Bill fights Frieza though. Frieza's already weird enough to be able to fight Bill Cypher
Problem with discord and measuring his abilities is the amount he holds back, he shows more power when he’s intimidating then when he’s actually attacking/dodging. He might be thousands of time more powerful then shown but he just never uses it
Discord won in my book.
This feels like it set up a perfect rematch in the far future, bill will escape and the chaos caused by him will be enough to revive discord to run it back
if only gravity falls was a adult swim cartoon
This gotta be one of my favourite death battle. 2 godlike entities at the top of their respective universe toying around with each other in very cartoonish yet deadly ways. Discord just screwing with Bill and trapping him in the nightmare realm in the end even though he technically won shows how smart both of them actually are.
Anyone else saw Bendy?
Who else found bendy at 14:54
I would argue that, in this Death Battle, there were no real winners. Both lost. Discord died, sure, but he successfully prevented Bill from causing even more damage.   Both lost.
16:50 uh *why not summon pony hair* !! to stuff down his throat
Discord in the end was the real winner in that fight. He accomplished his goal of kicking bill out of his dimension to save his friends.
Bill would win in his enraged "I gonna go turn some children into corpses" form.  And yes, Bill I will do a deal
Discord is evil because he got sent too many discord notifications and then had enough and got evil
Weird that unicorn hair was never used and that Discord’s ability to grow and take things seriously when his friends are in danger never came up. This feel a little biased.
1:38  I feel like I know the code but cant decipher it
This was one of the best Death Battles I swear had to come back and rewatch. Got me rooting for a my lil pony character wtf😂😂 16:20
Truly, I think I have to disagree. Discord is quite literally a force of nature, and while Bill’s range of powers is broader than Discord’s, I wouldn’t say that Discord is less strong. Discord draws power from chaos, and Weirdmageddon causes chaos. So while Bill draws power from Weirdmageddon as it progresses, so does Discord, but Bill doesn’t draw power from chaos itself, so anything chaotic that Discord did wouldn’t make Bill more powerful, but it would make himself more powerful. I also think you misread him psychologically, as I would consider his carefree nature another act, a representation of his need to cause chaos rather than his actual personality. I think that while he sometimes makes mistakes and can sometimes be overconfident, I think that deep down, at the height of his power he would pretend to act like this to gain an advantage. Appear weak when you are strong and strong when you are weak, after all. I also think that, much like Cypher never really died and will eventually be reincarnated, so too will Discord after he dies. Not because he prayed to an axolotl or anything, but simply because he is the physical incarnation of a force of nature in a world where many forces of nature are personified, such as the rising of the sun and moon, and to an extent the forces of harmony, and probably some more examples I’m forgetting. As long as chaos can exist, so too would Discord, in some capacity. His redemption arc, in my opinion, is meant to represent how chaos is not always evil, but rather it’s just natural. It’s neutral and impartial, and it’s up to us to work with the forces of change and surf the chaos of the universe rather than work against it and try to make everything un chaotic and unchanging. This is in contrast with Bill, who seems to represent someone who’s mastered the art of surfing the chaos, but for the express purpose of being evil, rather than working to better society or anything else that would be considered good. So I think that rather than fighting Discord directly, I think that Bill would try to manipulate Discord instead, again trying to manipulate chaos in his favor. In this regard, Bill’s main goal would be to remove Fluttershy from the equation (speaking of which, the friendship between Discord and Fluttershy can be explained by noting that nature is a primary example of chaos, and how it can be both good and bad, and Fluttershy has befriended pretty much all of nature, meaning that the personification of chaos would appreciate someone who understands and accepts chaos like Fluttershy, as her cottage is a perfect example of how all these chaotic elements with all the different species of animals that might normally rip each other apart can work in harmony, showcasing how harmony is not necessarily the opposite of chaos, rather it is the ability to use chaos to one’s advantage in order to create an “orderly kind of chaos,” which I think would mean that as he furthers along his character development, Discord would be less and less affected by the Elements of Harmony), which as you could probably guess, would be Bill’s fatal mistake, an error comparable to unaliving John Wick’s Dog, and considering how Discord can break the 4th wall much easier than Bill can, he would have the capability to know all about Bill’s tactics and abilities, just like you alluded to. This would allow him to have any number of ways to beat Bill, but in typical Discord fashion, he would do it in the most chaotic and unpredictable way imaginable, making it nearly impossible for even Bill to see coming. So rather than the simple answer to the scenario you provided of having the Discord that Bill fought being a clone the entire time because if he knew that he was going to sacrifice himself then that’s the first thing he would do, even if it was in the heat of battle, he would be much more likely to do something completely different and unexpected, something that we could only begin to guess at. I’m open to discussion though, as I might just not know enough about Bill to understand how he could counter that.
best fight
I want that music!
Props to Bill, he'd much rather be in the MLP universe than his home dimension
Damn, in these videos, it feels weird having the character you want to win... win. In the past I usually went in already having a winner in mind, but then get hit with information I haven't heard of before, then the winner I had in mind, lost.  Except for Omni-Man vs. Homelander, the winner could be seen a mile away.
This is pure chaos Just finished it an it would definitely be a tie ! Their both the living symbols of chaos! But I would also say bill would definitely win
So did you factor in that the chaos caused by the two battling would likely strengthen Discord? And in a realm of pure chaos I can only imagine how difficult it could be to deal with him
What did bill say at the end?
If u pause at the right moment at 16:42, right when the portal closes u can a bunch of little Discords blow a raspberry at Bill
Oh, what a close match! I feel like if you considered the context of the battle, ie Fluttershy being in trouble, things might've gone Discord's way. From the series, the only thing that has made him TRULY angry, even if only for a moment, was a threat against Fluttershy. Her being in danger might've given him him that seriousness he needed.   I say that without being bias in his favor whatsoever. No don't look at my name.
if you didn't notice when bill and discord are going between reality's koolaid man Cuphead and bendy can be seen in the first and second reality
Now. Bill cypher versus discord (the app)
discord.  you gave me an ad.  you're drawing disharmony from that and i can't say i'm not impressed.  good job. you've earned it
Aight what did bill say backwards?
If bill comes again, Discord is going to respawn and repeat this fight lol
I genuinely think neither would die,i think discord would lose and go back to helping the ponies with adventures
Maybe Discord would've won if he wasn't howling at the moon, or sleeping in the middle of a summer afternoon.
I'm probably imagining things, but here's something fun about 14:27  Bill causes stuff to float around and starts twisting the perspective of the scene, before leaving it with the world left upside down. It stays that way even in the weirdness bubbles, up until Discord gets them out.  He made Gravity Fall, and the Earth become the Sky, to show you should Fear the beast with just One Eye.
okay but did he *really* win
I mean... sure, Bill killed Discord and survived, so he "won" the Death Battle, but looking at the context of the fight here, Discord managed to do what he aimed for: saved his friends and taught Bill a lesson.
Poor animation, nobody likes the pixelated stuff. Thumbs down
yes 😊
i just wanna know whats the music it sounds good
Mahoraga vs Doomsday
Bill won the death battle, but Discord won the war. He saved his home and his friends.
right, but discord is so powerful that he snapped his fingers and an ad started playing i feel like that should give him an edge somewhere
Intresting thing to note, Bill only had infinite power once he fused with the psychical world. Which implies that if he were to lose his connection he would be considerably less powerful. So it's likely if Discord held out and kept bill busy until the portal fully closed, he could have won.
I think bill cyuohler wins because I said so
19:41 legends never die.
Top 10 batallas más épicas del anime:
14:54 Bendy, what are you doing there?
We need more popeye
Can someone explain the ending to me?
The beheaded from dead cells vs jack from ghostrunner
Mlp is full of gullible chracters so definitely cipher is getting back in
Quizás Discord perdió, pero demonios, se fue papeando a Bill
Looks like alex Hirsch just killed John De Lancie
Literally, Not taking the fight Seriously is an Instant defeat the very moment you hear that in the Death Battle Screen.
Discord went out like a G.
Also, remember: Apparently Discord has been assumed to be one of the mamy Avatar of Q (Star Trek: The Next Generation), mainly because of the VA
Discord is better
I want bill cipher to win
Me littlerly coming to watch the fights
The best death battle by far
why did bill win D:
discord my man even turned the world normal which is his only weakness bruh for his friends
DEAD A HEAD ZOMBIE WARWARE
Yeah, I want to make a deal.
So Bill gets the power boost from Weirdmageddon, which is outside help, and that counteracts Discord's power boost from self-maintained chaos?  Seems fair.
4:34 You based the win of this fight off of a creator tweet made POST FINALE... that doesn't even SAY THING THING YOU CLAIM IT DOES. There is exactly 1 word in that sentence that even remotely relates to "time" and the rest are about the multiverse! Nowhere does that indicate he can see the future.
This video makes me feel like I'm on on psychedelics that freaking my mind
Bendy
Tbh it is sad that discord died but its lovely to see bill lose lmao i see this more of a win foe discord then lose lmao
I was today years old when I learned you can powerscale my little pony
It is completely false that discord can lose against Bill, when only the magic of the elements of balance can defeat him and not an external element like Bill. In addition, I realize that Bill is not very smart because he was tricked by Uncle Stan so Discord is smart enough to make a pact with Bill and then destroy him like Stan did there. Second, discord managed to defeat the Manes six without any difficulty with hypnosis and manipulation so that's another reason why Bill would have lost to Discord.
Weird idea for a battle but this was cool
Discord has the power to change the future, he knew everything he could just win but thats not what he wanted because he is discord.
Enough chaos can bring Discord back, right?  Well... Goku vs Superman 3 just got announced. Discord is coming back.
I really wanna see an owl house death battle, idc with who, I just wanna see that.
I want to make a deal
I feel like bill could probably win against any enumerated that has been on this show he is that powerful
14:49
The ads are so on point with that discord snap! \
bill cipher vs rick sanchez, please
I feel this one truly could have gone either way
Bill is him
I could see discord managing that win con anyway lol
Where is the animation
Between this battle  Id say Discord had the last laugh
Oh an official version, never expected this will be happening
Oh an official version, never expected this will be happening
What the hell WHO WON?
WOW...this is very impressive. Many abilities and references. You've used all the possible cool ideas.
This was amazing. ❤❤❤
Bro I ain't even lying, just as Discord snapped his fingers to show the VA's of Wiz & Boomstick, youtube literally gave me an ad, I was genuinely shocked and annoyed at the same time.
Great fight, great voice acting but when discord breaks bills reality does discord say, "I'm surprised, you don't recognize, your own power" or does he say, "  I'm surprised, you don't recognize, your old home"? I swear it sounds like "your own power" to me.
I like how they did effectively give the win to both of them. In that Bill can't cross dimensional barriers but Discord can, and that would normally decide a battle. But at the same time the rules of Death Battle explicitly require a fatality, so Battle Field Removal would not work. So the idea to have Bill kill Discord but Discord BFR him was very well thought out.
Bill may have won the fight but lost yhe war XD
I saw that bendy
16:13 brings a whole new meaning to the phrase "my body is a temple"
This was already done on Cartoon Fight Club, but this is better.   Wait wasn't the first rule of-
Lets be completely honest here. Discord will get back to Fluttershy...with the power of friendship.
You could say Discord had "twists and turns in his master plan to send Bill Cipher back where he began."
When you said Bill's greatest weakness was his ego, I thought for sure Discord was going to win - he's had his ego punctured many times, from his original capture at the start to repeatedly failing to save his friends at the end, so I thought just having more time as a free man out of the interdimensional wedgie and able to flex and practice his powers would have won the day.  But in the end, Bill might have "won" - but Discord got what he wanted and kept Bill from his prize.  How's that for a Xanatos gambit?
“Allegedly lost a drinking contest to Sideways from Transformers”  Now THAT is an obscure bit of trivia. That tidbit came from Sideways in a relatively obscure corner of Transformers lore, not MLP. I’m impressed with the research here.
This fight would've been way better if Discord actually killed Bill Cipher and if it was 2D animated hand drawn
It should be noted that dipper was not damaged by having that hole punched in him, as clearly shown when he screams and panics about the hole in his stomach  Discord obviously won this
19:26 I wonder what Bill said?
This had to be the most insane death battle, yet.    Spoiler: Also despite Bill being the winner, I think Discord still got the last laugh.
I deadass thought Discord teleported his soul away and won, still think he shouldve  edit: if discord had saved or regenerated his body bill prob couldntve boomsticked his soul
Discord may have lost, but... ...we all know his return is inevitable.
i am bit dissapointed by not using the unicorn hair, since discord is friends with at least one unicorn (rarity) or if we count alicorn, then he is friend with several. I guess the triangle guy would win still (animation of that show is too ugly to watch) but dicord being from world of ponies unicorns and pegasus, he could use unicorn hair :D
What is the theme in bills enalasis
Emperor Joker vs Goblin King  Splinter vs Shifu Sailor Moon vs Madoka Kaname
Discord clicked his fingers and an ad played. I blame him for that.
Aww was pulling for Pony Q.  Good narrative though.  I still say Luna could take him in the dreamscape, if the kids can hold him off she'd do a lot more considering she's master of dreams.
The second Discord snapped a second time, an ad came on in perfect transition. It kinda scared me.
Why did that choke me up? Discord banishing Bill for the sake of his friends was sick asf. Discord won this one in my eyes
you can see the Rick Sanchez pony battling the Doctor Whooves pony
Bill won the fight, but Discord won the war.
Discord would of won if he didn’t play with his prey
I thought Bill was cooked when he said “your home”  I feel like Discord still could’ve won since he knew how to defeat him & encased him in his own realm again
I have a whole new respect for Discord  I know he still lost despite not dying but the fact he said “I watched your show I know how you die” caught me off guard, I couldn’t stop laughing 😂😂💀
Bill: Crosses galaxies in seconds  Also Bill: Can't fly fast enough to get into the Pony's world
You interesting enough, They seemeed to haved missed one of discords powers and thats Literal manipulation of ones abilities literally turning Any lethal attack albeit magical or physical and Even spirtual into either a harmless item or joke. So in reality He could have literally turned all of bills other abilities into just..well jokes and gags Which bill has no real control over or has been seen to counter attack againsst.
What are the Weir yellow letters that don't spell anything
Discord arguably lost the battle...but won the War.
Did bill ever break the fourth wall because I don’t remember any moment where he did
Lord x vs cypher 🥺
İ thing bill traped a million years😂😂😂
I count this as a win for Discord. Yeah, maybe he died, but also won.
Toph vs magneto
Reality's an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold! Byeeee! 19:25
14:29 you could see rick and the doctor as ponies
12:34
I want to make a deal with Bill
Discord laughed as he ceased to existence, Mad respect🫡🫡
I didn't even know who won halfway into the explanation.
This episode did the impossible. Actually getting me into My Little Pony.
As a wise triangle once said. "We'll meet again"
Discord once tole me had had sexual relationships with my mother. ... Now that I think about it, it might have been a different Discord...
Спасибо ИИ, что я могу слушать это видео на Русском языке. И Ютубу, за функцию перевода коментариев.   Но всё же я считаю, что если бы битва происходила не в Гравити Фолз, а в Эквестрии, то Дискорд бы победил, т.к. там буквально каждый третий носит на голове главную слабость Билла.   А вообще если  по серьëзному, то чтобы победить Дискорда, Биллу надо было не лазерами в него стелять, а наводить порядок. Вот заделал бы все ямы на дорогах, наладил бы работу почты в России, подровнял бы везде газон, излечил все болезни, прекратил все войны, Дискорд бы так сразу исчез.
Pony
Discord always wins, if Fluttershy Lives, he will live forever
Bill is one of my favorite antagonists of all time. He is charming, deceitful, and most of all *WIERD*
Bill is an agent of not just chaos, but also nightmares.
Isn't Bill 11-dimensional?
Why does this battle, actually go kind hard?! I mean like they were so evenly matched that I fr didn’t know who would win, but I guess none of the truly won
15:13  “Tell Jean-luc his show is worse than *Code of Honor.”* …you’re not wrong, but WOW.
Wait, if we assume Discord could regen his soul, and we know he can time travel, wouldn't the fight have just gone on?
16:00 you could not kill bill like that because he is just erasing bills memory but in gravity falls he was erased when he was in stans mind.
this has to be 1 of my top favorite battles
12:15 I tried to get onto Betterhelp... My Parents said it was a Scam and forced me to cancel... All because I wanted to get help with my Mental Health... Because other stuff weren't working...
I like to think that this fight would end with a game neither side eager enough to fight
Anybody know what the reversed voice line near the end says?
Love your end message so good .ll.
Now where along the powerscale with those two is Q from star trek?
Until you explained it I honestly couldn't tell who won 😅
Eminem vs lil Wayne
19:24 For those wondering is a cut from the show itself: “Remember! Reality's an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold! Byeeee!” ― Bill Cipher
13:21 death battle begin
can someone give me a timestamp of the Rick VS Dr Who Easter egg?
No two fights think that actually be really cool Alistair versus Bill Seifert her Alistair versus Deadpool like who would win they’re both overpowered like Alistair can literally warp reality and literally lives in hell and is the strongest sinner like cording to the franchise from what Daddy said meanwhile Deadpool can heal from basically anything.
This one was SO well done.  Fun and amusing, too!
10:37 bro played his rulez?
7:43 “all part of a complete breakfast”
7:36 heh do ryu vs batman
3:07 your loss
Nah Because in DreamScapers. Bill teleported so proved all of u
Discord lost but he wins by the mental
MLP watchers
19:25 what did he say?
I don't think I will eat any burritos for a while
14:55 bendy
This is a no dif battle
Imagine some tenth dimension entities tried to erase one another. You are just in your office at work or whatever, and suddenly things alike Cypher and Discord appear, fight a little, and one opens its mouth to reveal a gigantic human hand to snap - and suddenly it's over. If you're the only person to ever perceive this in that instant and you try to tell others obsessively, eventually you'll be sent to a mental hospital.
Battle starts at 13:16
Yes you gib me 1 billion bobux and that's the deal.
This has to have been the most chaotic death battle yet
Why Is everyone Saying bill won but Discord won the war?????? If he learned teleportation then its doesn't matter
Bill’s voice was so godly and so accurate. I love it 🥰
Rewatching this I just have one thing to note; the unicorn barrier was a nullification of magic and was stated to be a gradual effect but the bewitching bell is an instant and total drain of magic and wasn't actually used in the fight, I feel like Discord got the short end of the triangle here...
I saw this in an ad and only came just to exoress how mad I got seeing someone call Discord (a draconequus) a "dragon pony"
Yes I found the cameo in 14:29 you see pony versions of Rick and The Doctor going through a portal Rick made, pls tell me their gonna make reference to that of their fight now🙏
Say, this is just a thought but if discord brought back princes celesta and Luna then couldn’t all three of them work together to petrify Bill like they did with   3 other villains in the past? I guess that doesn’t really count as a kill but I still, could Bill be petrified?
16:57 if you said if you make a deal with him what will plus he's a God he does clap that Boy 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
SpongeBob VS Discord Fight
Would trapping bill in the nightmare dimension even work now considering he already has a physical body? I mean wasn’t the whole reason he couldn’t ascend completely was because he needed a body first?
What the hell was the animation on this one!?!
I keep getting an ad for this bru😭💀
I really thought discord would win he succeeds in warping all realty to his wimbs , while bill was stuck in one ariea...terms of w's discord wins he techtechnically won 3 times , his first aperence till he got cocky , one time after when he m inipulated vines and did a bit of trolling , then the terek team up  bill just caused weirdmageden in one town
The most family friends death battle so far
Better animation than the source material. BEST DB ive seen to date.
Best Death Battle EVER!!!
I t5hink you picked the wrong winner. First of all Dollar bill has a weakness to unicorn hair and Discord is friends with the little ponies so he can get all the unicorn haior he needs. Secong of all Discord is friends with the little ponnies who would come to help him out weather he wanted to or not and we all know in the pinnieverse nothing can beat the power of friendship. Dollar bill has some monstrous minions but in the end the Ponnies would have come through to help discord get the win.
15:44 That's so ironic!
I was about to sleep  And y'all just woke me up
14:24 I really shouldn’t be watching this while having a headache
Irl Wiz and boomstick look like their voices should swap
Well, discord is the manifestation of chaos and disharmony, i’m sure he’ll return as long as chaos is around.
Dragón último mulan
Si es hembra si tattoo si cola
My little pony
Chaotic evil vs Chaotic good
axolotl said: "different form different time" but he's still pyramid and Dorito  edit: the time link for the battle 13:16
Simply put, Discord knew he'd lose, so he gave bill a fight with a shallow victory, Hilarious 😂.
Amazing animation there.
19:25 translation?
15:13 the CC doesn't show what he said. Does anyone know?🤔
14:37 context? 🧐
10:50 When was he able to any of those things?🤔
8:31 When did discord ever become "Accord"?
The fight originated at 13:30
I loved this fight, but I feel like in the long run Discord wins. He is an immortal cosmic being that as long as discord exists so does he. Sure it will take time for him to come back, he still will in the end. Bill doesn't have such power. Plus Discord has never fought seriously in the entirety of the series so in a way his power is nerfed.  So imagine what Discord would do if they fought once more? He knows how Bill dies in his universe and how to get it done. This time he wouldnt hold back... and that is a scary thought. A silly reality altering being actually taking something seriously...
Ok so, I read the text stating that whenever bill is in weirdmeggedon, he grows stronger. However in the battle discord took him out of weirdmeggedon. Wouldn’t that mean discord is then the only one getting stronger?
Boomstick learning to love ponies is the best character development.   Eat your heart out Zuko.
The song at 10:42 , what is it called?
in different circumstances, bill and discord would absolutely be best friends
I like the small detail of bill only blinking with one eye at a time while possessing someone even in this animation, it was so easy to miss in the original yet they still did it here
Bill is a phenomenal villain and he can be anything possible and I know nothing about discord or my little pony..
Sponsored by: the Gambling Addiction Speed Run Any% App
i would love to see gumball and darwin versus mordecai and rigby
11:59 A G5 comic
I love how I got a YouTube ad right when Discord snapped his fingers to turn Wiz and Boomstick into their voice actors. The guy even has control over the most fearsome, evil force of all: the YouTube algorithm!
I hate that no one in the comment section I could find done this but anyways at 19:25 where bill says something in reverse it says "reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye" and yes I did have to reverse it myself
What wanda vs zatanna should've been
You know with how they were hyping this up I was expecting this to be the season finale. If they managed to make it look this good as just a normal episode then just imagine if they had a finale budget?
Bill Cipher's next opponent should be, drumroll, Shuma-Gorath from Marvel Comics.
how about fred jones (scoobydoo apocalypse) vs. misaki (death mount play)
This might be an unpopular opinion. I call this as a draw. Yea discord is dead. But Bill is trapped forever in a weekend and destroyed dimension.
The Victor may be Bill, but Discord was the true winner
I wonder could Dr Scranton use his reality anchors to nullify discords powers if the scp foundation uses them to keep reality warpers from using there powers then if discord is a reality warper then Dr Scranton's anchors can keep his powers from working
Love the way this one turned out, but I'm rather curious if you guys added a bit of a boost to discord's power due to being empowered by the chaos bill caused?
Fluttershy is so sad about discord is dead and gone.
Alternative title: Overpowered triangle Vs @everyone  Why the triangle win: he simply doesn't have discord
They went crazy with the animation on this one
10:34 Chowder Reference
Loved how Discord insulted Bill by turning him into a Dorito 💀
18:12    To the text box at the top right: He has a backup in chaosville, he’ll be back within an hour
Seeing a battle so random and equal, so makes me wonder how'd they handle The Impossible Man from Marvel vs MR. Mxyzptlk from DC.
bill is very dangerous thing in world but discord isnt
Loved the creativity in the animation
I will always miss them saying, "Fight!"
THIS EPISODE IS STILL AMAZING
A lot of speculation on this one ngl didn't even go into turning back time for discord.
WE'RE GROOMING CHILDREN IN DMS WITH THIS ONE!
Looking forward to the sequel, where Bill breaks free and comes after Wiz and Boomstick, so they're forced to resurrect Deadpool and give him access to powers hes canonically used like the Power Cosmic and the Enigma Force, all to save them lol
Do fallout 2s frank horrigan vs cyberpunks atom smasher
Genuinely one of the best animated Death Battles I've seen yet, and I've been around for a while now. Ya'll truly did these characters justice.
“Sure! I love checkers, go FISH!”
I love the voice actor they used for bill they sound so much like Alex hirsch
Does anyone know what the coded message in Bill's background says?
Man I remember watching MLP and lived discord. I was honestly excited to watch this and loved the whole battle, but discord trapping Bill back in his dimension was fantastic. Tho I have to admit it surprisingly hurt a lot more than I thought it would with Fluttershy calling for discord before he died.
The animation went crazy on this ep
bill quite possible the oldest known fictional character with 3trillion years under his belt.
the second discord snapped i got 2 ads and i legit thought he it was a part of the bit LMAO
Next time on Death Battle: Fluttershy breaking into the nightmare dimension, to pummel Bill Cipher until he brings back Discord.
Your friends make their own glue, is definitely the most evil thing I heard on this show. 😅
15:13 "Tell Jean Luc his show is worse than Code of Honor!"  "Code of Honor" from the first season of Star Trek: The Next Generation is widely regarded as the absolute worst episode of the entire series, and deservedly so. While this episode was being made, the most recent season of Picard was season two, which was horrible. Saying it was even worse than Code of Honor is a massive insult, and since Picard season two featured a lot of Q, played by John de Lancie who also voices Discord, it's not only a fourth wall break but a multi-layered insult to Discord, his voice actor, and the show he most recently appeared on.  Bill not only won the fight, he also won the trash talking.
Bill versus The Kool-Aid Man next !!!!
13:28 when the fight starts
That was the most entertaining fight ever for this channel.
I know of one that would be great for Halloween,  The Dazzlings (MLP: Equestria Girls) vs The Sanderson Sisters (Hocus Pocus)
Now that we know who won lets ask the real question "cAn He BeAt GoKu"
As someone who didn't watch either show it was a fun ride but glad Bill won. We've had enough MLP wins lol
Imagine if bill cipher and discord teamed up
If you look at the picture for the video it has the death battles logo routed
Line of oh you think will equals is the best line ever and whoever voiced bill hats off to them
Aah
Samolia
Great
Funny how both of these were canonically defeated by turning them to stone.
Bill after discord says: 193.197
Discord on his way to raid bill:
It's really scummy how Deathbattle advertises gambling. How about you advertise cigarettes next? Unsubbed
the fight, the animation, the work put in were brilliant in all respects of the word, from the way certain scenes were constructed to the laugh discord gives as he's being destroyed making it feel as if he wins and this makes bill's win feel hollow. also the animation on 16:13 hits differently to me, and i cannot stop rewatching it let alone the episode.
This was made for a very specific niche of people. I am that niche lol, this is easily my favorite death battle of all time!
i love reality warping death battles. It ends in chaos and the victor is always subjective
he‘s like pony sheogorath
Its funny, im friends with Boomstick on facebook.
10:33 WTF I JUST GOT AN AD THE MOMENT HE SNAP HIS FINGERS
I mean discord died first so yeah bill wins
Bendy Easter Egg
How is it possible that billy was able to destroy my little pony universe when like most of them are unicorns who should be able to block his magic
Hehehe my childhood
Discord lost the battle but won the war.
Wow...My Little Pony certainly has some very powerful characters
This one was very crazy and chaotic every last angle still Discord could have won this one but Bill took it away speaking of MLP which will the the next MLP episode of Death Battle be?  Mybee Princess Luna vs Rosalina   What will Fluttershy think about Discord being deafead
I wanna see a Deathstroke vs Kraven death battle. I think that has real potential, especially with Kraven being so big right now.
Bill is kind of into crypto ( gold )
I really want to know what discount said in the paiber
Wait, this is legit? I thought this was one of those fan ones
I never thought a triangle would be so terrifying
Please do a death between (underworld) Selene Vs. Alice (resident evil)
Bill Cipher: MAN YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW ME
I like the bendy reference during the black and white cartoon part when they're in the weirdness bubble
I'm quite happy. Because in this episode. There is a difference in winning and victory. Bill wins in Battle but Discord win in War.   In the plot of the story. Discord won because he success to trap Bill in the Nightmare Realm. Meanwhile, Bill only succeeded in killing Discord but trapped   It's an Empty Victory for Bill and a Meaningful Lose for Discord  (If you don't understand what I'm saying, just ask)
Cool 😎
9:27
also, i kinda believe discord CAN come back as long as chaos amd magic exist, also you guys should've contacted alex, he probably would've LOVED to voice bill for this,
the main difference is, bill was MALICIOUS chaos, like cosmo but vastly more chaotic, also didn't have emptions for discord holding him back, discod is, well between chaotic good and pure chaotic, right on the line, he NEVER tried to directly harm anyone, unlike cosmos who is malicious chaos also, willing to cause chaos no matter who or what ends up hurt, dead or whatever, we can see, discord's plan was the same as stan's pretty much,though his was to seal bill agian,  now put cosmos against bill, and have her learn bill killed discord, and you've got a storm of chaos, death and destruction the likes no world has ever seen, not even anime
Fun Fact:Bill Cipher is an Evil,Ruthless and Sadistic version of Spongebob Squarepants
Bill Cipher vs Badgey from Star Trek Lower Decks. I wanna see that now ^^
Can you guys please consider Pre-Reton Beyonder VS Lucifer Morningstar?
Literally the best death battle imo and it's not getting the attention it deserves lol
Hey people. I know it's maybe too late for that but I'll still write it. I'm thinking the same I did with Steven from Star Butterfly vs Steven Universe: As great as the fight was, there existed the possibility that it would have been even more awesome. Transformations are the key word. The fights would have been so much more dramatic and ingenious if Steven had used his "Pink Status" and might have lost anyway, but he would have played his last trump card. A triumphant triumph if he had tried to fight as a gigantic monster lizard against Star's magical superiority and had perished fighting.  The same goes for Bill. Wouldn't you have found it perfect if Bill had completely freaked out, transformed into his monstrous pyramid form with the multiple eyes and arms. Then he probably would have broken Discord down into its molecules, just as he threatened the mystery twins to do. Only here would we have seen what he meant by that. What do you mean? If this perfect death battle hadn't been even more perfect, Bill would have taken on his most terrifying form?
Didn't somewhere in the comics say if at least one person is disharmonious or chaotic or whatever then discord is able to come back and bill being what he is discord is unable to permanently die
i swear in these battles between cosmic beings it always comes down to soul regen
How did Bill manage to trap Twilight Sparkle, an ALICORN, before the fight even started? Good thing Bill didn’t fight the Great and Powerful Trixie; she would beat him so bad, and all she’d have to do is buy some peanut butter crackers. And Derpy? Bill wouldn’t have a snowball’s chance against her.
I have the best idea bill ciphers vs SpongeBob or the mask
You think it wouldn’t be hard for discord to get unicorn hair
Discord actually won technically because he can’t die unless the continuity applys it. So essentially he’s immortal while bill just hasn’t found his “deathly” equal.
anyone checked the backwards message bill says at the end??
BEST DEATH BATTLE EVER!!!!!
bruh As much as I wanted Discord to win I knew how many times he got defeated
Even though Bill won the battle Discord won the war. Mad respect to discord sacrificing him so the others could be free.
Yeah this video is debunked because of three thing   1 discord is stronger than bill since he the arguments for higher cosmology is in favor of discord   2: discord can attack bills spirt since he is able to manipulate the magic of other characters and magic in mlp are technically souls   3: bill can’t affect spirts in the show if you listen to the context he could only regenerate the mind version of himself and the only way he can harm souls is with his deals
What was said backwards at the end of the video?
W Dorito
I LOVE the fights with crazy reality warpers like this, becuase you know the animation is gonna go hard!
Discord was the real g.o.a.t
Pinkie Pie is a reality warper
I could honestly see either win, but I’d think bill would have a higher chance of winning
Feel like this really shouldn’t of been a matchup, after Gojo vs Makima give us kratos vs someone
Bro Bill no diffs😂😂
This came out on 9/11 💀
Moral Victory - Discord
"Dear Princess Celestia, today, Bill Cipher learned an important lesson about friendship." "Augh, gag!" [boom] "DOW! MY EYE!"
Badass
9:46 wait a minute you said he can change the story so he could have won
Bill may be able to interact with spirit's but your examples of him killing spirit's where nothing more then figmints of Mable pines imagination and therefore are not spirit's also bill is at his weakest in the mind meaning this match is f****ed up and wrong thank you for lisnting also do your research better next time no more mess ups like ben10 vs green lantern because as alien x Ben can do literally anything he wants like Keven said they could blink and we'd be gone.
2 shows I didn’t know I wanted to watch thanks for the great content
I'm not sure if it was intentional to have an ad play the moment Discord snapped his fingers (just before the live action segment), but it was glorious
damn if Discord really did die, he really made sure Bill suffer. But Discord can reform his body because his soul was seperated from his body at some point i think  Yes I'm a 16 year old boy who watched MLP as a kid.
15:24
14:53 I can still hear the song, "you'll probably look better once I burnt you to ashes" during the retro cartoon animation.
He won the battle but Discord won the war. A fascinating ending.
10:52 MLP manga?! That's a comic, not manga!
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war.
DB IDEA: Bill Cipher Vs Impossible Man (Gravity Falls Vs Marvel)
Honestly, their power scaling is pretty much *exactly* equal. The main deciding factor is Discord wasnt taking things seriously, while Bill was. Fantastic episode.
Am I the only one that notices Bill's bloodshot eye when he got super angry in battle?
Discord may have 'lost' the battle against Bill...but he won the war against Bill, as he outsmarted him and trapped him inside his dark dimension. That was a noble thing Discord did...he sacrificed himself to save his friends and Equestria, he will be remembered as a Hero to the Ponies.   Your Sacrifice will be honoured and remembered forever Discord.
my second favorite death battle
Man, this was incredible, I could totally SEE this happening if Bill invaded Equestria. And Fluttershy calling him at the end was heartbreaking.
I can't wait for Starlight's turn
personally, i dont think discord would lose this, i wont get into the long paragraph i could about this so for short, yeah i think discord just has too much more to show then bill does
One of the funniest battles I've ever seen
Today I learned my little pony has comics.
I just knew the animation would be something special in this one, Bill does that to a show.
I swear I thought that discord won
Really disappointed they didn't use the unicorn hair. "What!? but you're a horse!" "Unicorn: A mythical horned horse," Discord said, slamming the dictionary shut. "All the other off-screen fluff was easily arranged."
See there’s “yeah huh” vs “nuh uh” but this is just “nuh uh” vs “nuh uh”.
Almost nothing is as hardcore as Laughing your ass off as you die. Discord might've lost the battle, but absolutely went down like a BOSS
Discord is the embodiment of chaos in his universe, even if he was destroyed at some point his universe will correct that and bring him back. In the end the real winner is Discord.
Bill Making a deal with twilight
Black Hat vs Bill Cipher
I feel like you came up with the narrative for this fight before you did the research. Bill and Discord are evenly matched, but if Bill couldn't escape the magical containment of Gravity Falls, there is absolutely no way in hell that he should resist that magic-draining bell. Discord being empowered by chaos is way stronger and more effective than Bill being empowered by Weirdmageddon. And Discord goofing off is a non-factor when, like Bill, he has gotten serious against opponents when he knows how strong they are, and he's canonically aware of Gravity Falls.
The main difference is that Bill goes further than Discord and plays for keeps. Discord, regardless for how far he's gone, has never irreversibly broken Equestria. Bill, on the other hand, destroyed his home dimension by breaking the rules that held it together, yet refuses to accept he is at fault.
Discord was sadly not Chaotic enough to win   Wonder what Fluttershys gonna think
I believe Discord could potentially kill cypher if he really wants to kill cypher, but everyone knows he’s goofy
16:22 damn.
I reversed it and bill said “reality is a illusion the universe is a hologram buy gold by”
Just know this Death Battle Bill will be watching you until the day he somehow make another appearance
16:39 when you're trying to make the yellow light but the car in front of you starts slowing down.
I retain the knowledge that Bill is much stronger than Discord
Alright death battle might be bad at debates... BUT THESE GUYS ABSOLUTELY NAIL THE FIGHTS.
U seen when he became the statute and he was alive I bet it’s a tie I know he’s a lose but he is the  strongest discord is still alive
Discords sacrifice wont be forgotten
what's the cipher's meaning in 1:51 ?
would've loved to have alex hirsch voice bill
Couldn't Discord just turn into a unicorn and use his hair to stop Bill from touching him? I mean you acknowledged that he breaks a fourth wall and even says in the thing I've seen your show. So he knows his weakness. Eh. Either way this one was fun.
This is probably my favorite death battle this season. Probably even top 10
Great video Highly creative
Honestly, Discord is awesome.
I love how seriously pissed Bill was when he realized Discord screwed him.
I actually wasn't sure who won the fight until the analysis, i don't know if that's praise or a complaint
Please death battle make a reality warper free for all 😍🤩🙏❤️‍🔥
I'm not sure if anyone noticed, but at 0:58 you can see Tai Lung, which (to me) seems like an Easter egg to an upcoming death battle, the first opponent is Tai Lung.
Very similar to Yoda, and a few others. They weren't completely done, but the battle itself was over. Discord can come back, and even though he "lost", he fulfilled his goal. Very much a worthy foe.  And I'm not a fan of either show... so that tells you how good this battle is. Plus the music is awesome.
Been a while since I’ve watched one of these, I didn’t know you guys had appearances now.
While I love this Death Battle - the animation, music, and voice acting is all incredible - the outcome sits...weirdly with me. I at first thought the winner was Discord by ring out (putting Bill in a situation where he could no longer continue the fight), but then the explanation goes on to give the win to Bill via destruction of Discord's spirit as "Discord has never shown regeneration from spiritual damage". Since when is the absence of evidence the evidence of absence? Discord has never shown spiritual regeneration because Discord has never *taken* spiritual damage. I don't really get how that shows a weakness anymore than his never being exposed to Kryptonite shows a vulnerability to Kryptonite.  The scene used to show Discord can be erased is quite misrepresented as well. Discord was fading away because of an absence of chaos, not because of any outside force wiping him out. By all indications, Discord just cannot die as long as chaos exists around him, which is a rather big problem for Bill given the Weirdmageddon he thrives on.  Still, the battle itself is a spot-on representation of both characters. Wouldn't change a thing about it! Just the final verdict drawn from it.
And poeple think the lich can beat discord and bill cipher no he can't 😂😂😂.
I like that this is a clash of "good and evil" between two gods basically, Discord is casually defending his friends, but clearly knows he very well might die in the process, so he distracts, diverts, annoys, and eventually loses, sure, but manages to screw Bill over in a major way in the end anyway. A lot of series would just have for example, Bill win 5 seconds in, establishing his power by beating the hero's big gun, worfing, but this pays a lot more respect to both sides. Discord is weaker, but he's not weak, he didn't win, but his death wasn't for nothing either, that's why I love this story so much, more could learn from it's example.
I'm just here to see who did the ciphers 😅
14:30 Mabel and Dipper MLP on the top right
The fact that Discord, in the beginning called them friends of a friend so nonchalantly just to save them and leave a note. Genius
14:35 THE RUMORS ARE TRUE!!!!!!
they both lost by discord sacrificing himself to make sure Bill doesn’t take over the world again
So is this like a tie also this is my favorite death battle originally it was yang vs Tifa but now it's this I love how they act like this is a game and my favorite part was when they went through the weirdness bubbles you made a reference to the bendy vs cuphead dbx and I just love this fight so much
Lets make turtle battle soon Blastoise vs bowser
And Bill hanged up the others like the post Ridge in gravity Falls like how bill turn Gideon Wendy, Robbie, Pacifica, sus, and McGuckin get into decorations. It’s the same way help did it to them.
Never mess with Bill and there’s one thing. Discord can’t do he can’t create weirdness bubbles.
So is Bill now trapped in his dimension
This was easily the best animated and best scripted fight on this show, the way both characters were captured was amazing
Rule34 artists be like: 16:09
Wow the redhead voicer is really cute
If Alex decided to make a new Gravity falls arc with Bill chipher's return he should make bill acknowledge/reference this deathbattle at least a brief moment, that would be amazing
This was a perfect idea that was executed perfectly well. And I love how both shows don’t look like much from a first glance but when you actually watch them long enough you realize they’re both very special and full of brain and heart.
Alex Hirsch is probably creating season 3 of Gravity Falls in an actually "different time" He's just going to wait decades until the "different form, different time" kicks in
what is the last backwards message saying?
This was exactly how i imagined a fight between these two would turn out
Between Jojo vs Tanjiro, Silver Surfer vs Martian Manhunter and now Bill Cipher vs Discord, I absolutely adore the story-based fights. Especially with just the melancholy feeling at the end of the “victory”  Jojo was ashamed for killing Tanjiro  Surfer and Manhunter both did know understand *why* they had to fight, only that just one of them could live  And Discord choosing to sacrifice himself to save his friends AND lock away Bill at the cost of his life was just *chef’s kiss*
I think Grovors Bell would have work. the unicorn hair thing was part of a spell component to deal with bill while he is stuck in the nightmare relm. the bell literal steals a magical bean power whole and allows others to use it or give to another. The unicorn hair mainly protects and nullifies  little weirdness. also where has bill done with souls? cause the examples you shown were mainly in the mindscape? also, i dont think Bill could destroy discord soul they way he did. he would need to rob Discord of his power and make him normal/mortal. otherwise, i don't think these 2 can destroy each other.
This gave me The My Little Pony/Gravity Falls crossover I didn't know I wanted
Bill: "You can't win against me, Discord!" Discord: "I don't need to win! I just need to make sure that you lose!"
Coming back a month later to say this episode was so well done Bravo Vince
What did Bill Cipher say at the end of the video?
I literally translated one of the “feats”
i know he might not have been able to since he was a spirit and all couldnt discord just teleport back to the third dimension after putting bill in the second dimension?
16:15
Wow you guys really outdid yourself with  this. episode and Dare I call it the perfect death battle
The animation in this was crazy.
Now that’s what I call the power of a demon
What about rematch rounds? Have you ever thought about making rematch rounds?
Hmm... this Bill Cipher... better not send him on a Date with Nightmare Moon.  Could be a VEEERY BAD IDEA! xD
not bad
This was honestly the best death battel yet amazing animation (even more then normaly wich is saying alot) the scirpt was great the battel itself was amazing and two amazing characters i cannot find the words to describe how perefect and amazing this was 10/10 amazing work
If yall didnt know who discord was, the famous song "Discord" by "The Living Toomstone" is actually about My Little Pony, Specifically HIM.   And EVERYONE has heard of the Discord song.
Idk why but I swear I thought this was a rematch, like I remember a video with a death war headed by these two and it was fucking chaos
DB IDEA: The Wonder Twins Vs The Kratt Brothers (DC Vs Wild Kratts)🌌📺
No one's said this yet but Discord is based on Q, a god from the Star Trek universe who is just as wildly powerful and chaotic as Discord - that's literally why he's John de Lancie. And the Q references laced through this are just peak, amongst everything else that this is getting praised for. It's just goddamn perfect.
Talk about winning the battle but not the war. RIP Discord.
homelander jumpscare
Great writing tbh One thing I love abt these fights is how the characters feel like the real characters
Bill vs Bat-mite next?
16:18 Is Discord flipping the bird with his bird arm?? XD
i already knew the answer from the start. Bill can literally do anything.
I love bill and discord awaaw
16:57 yes, yes i would love to. **Is a simp**
Hey guys. Keep up the good work 👏
They are both flipping my favs XD I just felt Bill winning sorry Dizzy :c
At some point can we get Captain Planet vs Toxic Crusaders, Gizmoduck (Ducktales) vs Inspector Gadget, Superdoo (ducktales) vs Meteor Man, Imhotep vs Mumm-Rah and Bruce Leroy - The Last Dragon (the glow) vs Gabriel Yulaw (the one)
If two characters can manipulate reality, and one of them can be shackled by stuff like unicron hair or anomaly magnetic field- other one just use it to instant win
I thought discord can break the fourth wall😢 to make use at his advantage
That was a fun fight! Love the different art styles befitting their reality powers. And nice of  Discord to protect his world during his defeat. In essence, Discord was the true winner, and being the incarnation of Chaos, the death this time was probably temporary.
Discord lost the battle but he won the war.
Battle of Chaos 🔥
Thing is, Bill is a being of pure chaos and discord is the spirit of chaos so discord could sap bills chaos and kill him since he is 100% chaos
14:34 Odd looking flower there...
Ha its funny how people believe bill cares😂😂😈😈😈💛
Can we see swamp thing vs man thing
I fond this animation perfectly accurate, but there's just one problem I see: Bill still has his physical form. Which means his powers still can affect reality and escape the nightmare realm
Just with one thing discord can beat bill cipher by transforming him to a cake
Where can I listen to the music
I'm surprised they found a character powerful enough to beat my little pony
having them fight across multiple dimensions/mediums/art styles was an INSANELY good choice and it all came together seamlessly. this is so good
Wiz and boom stick finally learnt the truth  😂😂😂😂😂
Finally watching this. My guess is Discord wins, as Bill's chaos power has way more restrictions  EDIT: Huh. I am not calling these lately
I love that you can see Chad and Ben in Bill's eye at 19:21
Discord isn’t dead. Bill temporarily beat him, by this logic Popeye should’ve lost against Saitama in the beginning when he was killed. Discord is fine. They just wanted a winner, even though for once a tie or loss for Bill would’ve been far more logical.
This seems to be well researched and well done, but i was sure Discord won. As the prize was an entire dimension, which Discord locked away from Bill Cipher. Reason he was "throwing a fit of rage."
Hey everypony /)
I’m shocked not about the fight. Of course I knew Bill was going to win already, but I’m shocked Deadpool didn’t appear when you involved his name.
I like that discord was prepared to lose from the start, and was seemingly just having a bit of chaotic fun before his time was up. God, I love discord.
Bill should’ve fought Mr.Myx.
Best death battle they've ever made. For sure.
"Do you wanna make a deal?!" "YES!" "... uh... you.. you're pretty eager, right? You know who I am?" "YES!" "... and you're still going through with this? I like your moxie, kid!" "The worst you could do is destroy reality and I think it's due for a reboot" "... Okay. You're a FREAK. Awesome. Let's do this!"
This is legit the most well animated death battle yet.
Kool aid man fighting macho man in the background at 14:52
I'm a little confused,if discord feeds off of and gains power from the existence/the concept of chaos/disorder itself wouldn't he be in his element against bill since Bill loves to create chaos and weirdness not to mention discord literally doesn't really take damage and the spirit thing is just fun and games for him,whilst bill on the other hand is basically like the guy from hellsing so discord could've won this with ease because of the level of weirdness that was happening.
Bill Cipher VS Spongebob
I show the death battle logo like when was I 6 years? But I don't remember
Death battle has always been about triumph in direct conflict. It's interesting to see a character aim not to win a conflict through victory, but by setting up both victory and defeat to both serve their goals.  Bill will win every battle, yet always lose the war to Discord.
Things I noticed about this fight I didn't catch first watch:  The note Discord is writing is the exact same one at the end  14:30 the fight from here to the bubbles is upside down  14:49 you can see a previous death battle with koolaid man here in the background  14:52 Bendy and Cuphead are in the background  14:56 the fight us still upside down  15:32 the 38 sided die from Gravity falls appears  15:35  the portal and Bill's castle here is inverted in color  15:36 callback to Bill offering Stanford a game of chess  16:03 Bill actually gets hurt from touching the fire and pulls away  16:07 Bill is dying the same way he died in Gravity falls (same transitions from form to form)  16:49 the Bubbles and entire dimension catch fire from Bill' rage
Best Death Battle fight so far. You can't change my mind!
Has anyone decoded the messages in Bill's bio?
Hey you should do Bill Cipher vs The Lich
If there’s an interdenominational demon screwing around call the mask!
It's so nice to see Bill back on YouTube... thanks for these videos, any videos where he's present!
i´m sure there are a couple of riddleys on this one
This is probably the most interesting matchup we've ever gotten 😂
I still don’t agree with outcome 3 weeks later.
Discord's goal was to teach Bill about friendship. Win or lose, it was being taught.
I was hoping for a double K.O.
THE GREEN DAY REFERENCE
Imagine Alex Hirch and Lauren Faust reacting to this
You know what happens when you give both characters toon force?
They should put Black Widow against John Wick to prove who is better. They can use the comic where Black Widow fights John Wick's parody as a reference.
This is the most chaotic fight ever
15:45 someone get me the music for this
OOOH YEAAAAHH!!!! Nice Easter egg to the Macho Man vs Kool-Aid fight. AND Bendy VS Cuphead.14:51
best death battle .
So Bill has invaded their village and trap discord, friends, and paintings but you should never mess with Bill
Gottamn!
Honestly, Bill vs Discord is something I’ve been looking forward to since I first saw the two in their respective universes, plus, Bill has more to fight for, he is more self centered than Discords friendship and since Bill CAN permanently die (he had to invoke the Axolotl to survive not his own power) whereas Discord unconsciously doesn’t recognize threats and can always come back
bill easy win
Ok, I’m curious if you guys can pull this off: Kenshin vs Bash
ahem unicorn hair?
This battle has 5 more views than Alex vs. Cole! Let's gooo! Hope it can stay ahead!
Being able to see Many possibilities does not equate to reliable future telling.
ME WHO LOVES BOTH CHARACTERS AND SHOWS IM GOING INSANE RN
i love how kill amd vill where in bills mind
your just talkng nonsense
Not the Fourth wall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who else thinks that "Bill Cipher Vs the Collecter" is a great suggestion
I m see cameo bendy
Did you guys saw bendy at 14:54
if discord ever comes back, a death battle i recommend is him vs mr mxyzptlk
Yall you guys did absolutely spectacular with this one, I didn't think I'd like this one but no, the art, the voices, the references- absolutely gorgeous
Rip Discord you were a trooper till the end
So on theme to have the chaotic ad combination of gambling and therapy
ah...toon fight
13:13
I love how the ending completely reframes Discord’s sacrifice. To Discord, he gave his life to save his friend and everything she loved. To Bill, he basically just wasted what equates to him as an afternoon’s worth of work.
Can you do Ben 10 versus Deku  Like those doesn't hold back
Bill's VA was perfect. Props to whoever voiced him!!!!!!
16:44 I can tell from that look from Bill that he is absolutely DONE with Discord
So… is nobody gonna question why bill had two glocks fall out of him after being shoved at 14:51
What is hilarious here is the fact that triangle and weird version of a goat are much stronger from beings like goku or superman. ( All complains from goku's fan-boys are welcomed below :) ).
What does all the decipher code say?
This episode is genius, there are som many little hidden details in the fight. Like, you can see portals from rick and morty in the background when the gravity is shifting, but only if you go frame by frame
Hmmm maybe Discord vs the collector or Patrick vs Ed
I thought Bill was above weirdness he controlled it not was part of it
The only downside to Discord's sacrifice, Fluttershy is going to cry enough tears to fill a large lake. And we all know it'll take her a long time to recover when she finds out.
Yeah no that was a tie. Dis got to mess with him mentally and got him stuck even if he was a specter. That not a loss and bill didn’t get a win imo. They tied in their weird ways
I'm looking forward to the final episode of Death Battle, where Bill Cipher comes back with the entire resurrected loser's bracket to wreck Wiz & Boomstick. Between this fight and the Silver Surfer v Martian Manhunter battle, we're really starting to get a sense of just how much horror those two are inflicting on the multiverse. It's kinda fun!
16:09 damn that was terrifying
14:52 NO NO NO GODDAMN IT
just saying, discord had unlimited access to unicorn hair, yeah it doesnt depower bill but it does make an impenetrable barrier. discord should have won just by virtue of being literally untouchable
Anyone know what bill says at the end after the "I'll eat your dreams" bit? Reverse speech at like 19:22
discord is the protecter of the my little pony universe
please do vandalieu(death mage) vs big mon( one piece).
this fight was hard, one of the best cosmic fights next to popeye saitama and darkseid thanos, how ever probably the best opening and reason for characters to fight ever in the whole series  loved it🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I will pay to se Diskord vs The Mask
everyone who immediately shook bills hand 👇
The scene where Bill reaches into his eye was so cool and attention to detail is insane!  Moro is in this? Cool!
The fact that Bill immediately turns to the Audience and ask to make a deal sent chills down my spine      Be honest how many here would have taken Bill's deal?
I don’t usually like death battle but this was just so much fun
Cool now let's do even more all powerful op characters.       Axolotl vs Golb
What to make a deal
Im surprised unicorn hair wasn't at all apart of the fight
May have lost but ended up trapping Bill, debatably so that winning wasn't even worth it in the end. Truly chaos incarnate.
Watching Bill and Discord arguing in the info boxes over the cross of the episode is my favorite part of this entire episode.
16:39
I REMEMBER THIS
The balls to have a sports betting app and therapy app as sponsors in the same video
Nah we need a bill vs the Litch or Golb
Just a recommendation BUT... How about pitting the Devil (The Cuphead Show) and Stolas (Helluva Boss) against each other?
I don’t agree with the verdict, but still a great fight nonetheless. And Discord got the last laugh.
13:26 is when the animated battle starts  16:48 Bill's mini tantrum lmao
Battle aside, that was definitely the best fourth wall bit they've done during the character info segment so far
Bill chipher: I'M THE ALL SEEING GOD!
I was cheering for Discord, but at least he got the last laugh and saved his friends.
So what dose bill say at the end of the video, I’m to lazy to reverse it myself
Muppets???😂😂😂
RESIDENT EVIL LADY VS. UNDERWORLD LADY
Discord lost the fight but won the war?
Huh Discord half Dragon half App
Mxyzptlk is ont the same tier as both of these guys.  He is 1⁄5 dimension
If Discord and Bill ever joined forces.......
FINALLY!!!!! ITS HERE!!!!
That was so awesome! I know a lot of people say having my little pony characters in something like this is kinda lame, but well I love this channel, and I love my little pony. These 2 fighters here would beat just about anyone that they've had so far. These 2 are on like god level they could even beat the mask or man or anyone! Mxyzptlk Would also be really great fighting either 1 of these 2.
I thought the one who could warp reality would win, and he did.
The unicorn hair and then bell aren't comparable. The unicorn hair is an anti-magical charm. The bell is a legendary magical drain attack. One is much more invasive than the other.
Did anyone else see the Bendy Cameo at 14:54?
Wait....so whiz and boom stick are actual humans? Noooooo😭😭😭🤣 Nice battle
I think this is the 3rd time a combatant invades their opponent's mind.
I don't care who wins this is the BEST fight I've EVER seen! lol From toons to puppets this is the best episode this season hands DOWN lol! I'm not even done watching yet and don't even know or care who wins this is Far more epic then anything else on the Channel! LOL!
So the only way that Bill Cypher can invade worlds is if he's allowed in through a deal right? So who in the MLP universe do you think struck the deal?  My guess is Pinkie Pie
:D
Stanford Pines: Oh great there’s two of them now.
I say this is a win win. discord was able to sent bill to his nightmare realm and save his world but only to get killed in the end.
A fair fight AND perfect character representation? Yeah this episode is great!
I really hope Bill becomes the new deadpool of the channel.
When I heard discord.. I thought to myself why not tweeter vs discord or something like that 😂
Something you also forgot to mention about Bill Cipher and the Shacktron is that the unicorn hair ONLY protected the shack, not the arms and legs. Which in turn lets Bill Cipher grab the shacktron’s leg and beat it up. 5:12
We need a wiz vs boomstick episode
,
You got this one, Discord! Oh. Well, I'm sure Princess Twilight will find a way to restore you.
Did Wiz and Boom just possible hinted that King is Bill!!🙀😮🙀😮🙀😮 5:30
Raise a glass for Discord. He lost the Death Battle, but won the war. 🎤⏬
Discord looked like he wasn’t taking Bill seriously at all. Pretty unusual for a death battle episode. Though you could say Discord had “twists and turns in his master plan to send Bill Cipher back where he began.”
would love a rematch where he uses some of the weapons in the show and tricks bill even harder like a reverse of this
What if bill fought raven instead of discord
Oigan no se vale nerfearon demasiado a discord Ustedes han estado emergiendo seres muy poderosos y han hecho que ganen seres que realmente no podrían ganar a otros discord le gana a bill cypher quieran o no él es muy poderoso más poderoso que ese torito lo que más me enoja es de que hayan hecho parecer a discord que no le importó de que su mejor amiga estuviera transformada en en un adorno Sí discord hemos visto muchas personas hemos visto que discord cuando está en peligro su mejor amiga es capaz de destruir el universo entero😡🤬
It’s really weird u didn’t let him use that power dampener on bill.
Wouldn't discord have basically an unlimited unicorn hair near by
I love how even though he 'wins' he still loses.
Okay the puppet universe bubble was funny lmao
What does Bill scream at 19:24?
What song is this.
Just one little thing: Starlight didn’t destroy Discord’s body, she was specifically banishing his from the grounds of the school. He separated his spirit from his body and went back, no problem. This also means that Discord’s body had to have survived that destructive blast from Starlight
Can you add captions with the music in the background?
Bill cipher has a lot of power ,my opinion is he can also control  the fundamental forces, strong force, weak force electromagnetism, and gravity as well a time, particle configuration and dark energy manipulation, goku would definitely lose to him.
Did anyone notice in the black and white cartoon the ink demon bendy was a flower 🤔
The fight, the easter eggs, the va; BEAUTIFUL, I'm 18 now, been a fan since I was 9, love the work you guys do, keep it up; my dream is to meet you guys😂
I like how this battle is easily one of the most well received out of all the DBs to date. From Animation to Story, this episode is just awesome.
I new bill was winning this.
Guess who's back, back again!
Did i see macho man and kool aid man in the background ? 14:51
Yes my friend, I agreed....  Fluttershy is the best Xd
Mlp sucks lmao get wrecked
Hey death battle guys? Betterhelp has just been class action sued. Just letting you know.
Video idea: The Core (Amphibia) VS The Collector (The owl house)
Chaotic Good vs Chaotic Evil in a goddamn nutshell.
Even though he lost, Discord still won!
DeathBattle team, you know better than accepting money from BetterHelp, a corrupt organization that heartlessly exploits individuals who need authentic mental health care. Do the right thing now and say no to them in the future, or enjoy your nightmares filled with DB fans being scammed out of their money as they struggle painfully with all sorts of debilitating mental health problems.
Myxpltk vs BATMITE vs Bill Cypher
13:40 I like how at this moment he fixes the fluttershy banner, Bro that was so in character for him
Always a good day when a man child horse icon gets dusted. (Seriously, give that show back to little girls and stop bullying them over it at conventions)
Andrew (Chronicles) VS Eleven (Stranger Things)
Did anyone decode the message in bills background?
This one goes in the dislike bin. Bill Cipher is strong but come on lmao.
anybody know what bill said backwards at the end there?
Yujiro Yama vs all might
I like this. Thank you
FINALLY!!!FACE REVEALL!!!
Can someone tell me the final message that was in reverse said by bill
The battle, though ending with the defeat of Discord, was definitely a win for him, as Bill was sent back home. However, I believe the war will eventually be won by Bill, as he maintains the ability to communicate and possess people across dimensions. We can probably guess that Discord will be revived by his friends somehow, but now that Bill knows how to kill him, and has learned from his mistake, Bill will win the next time he escapes.
I loved every part of this episode, I feel like both characters were represented very well and I can understand the ending too  I was just confused at 17:48 where they state that both can regenerate their bodies from nothing but "only Bill has shown regenerating damage to his spirit" Wasn't this just a dreamscape? I don't know if interactions with beings while in a dream count as "interacting with a spirit" at least with the example they show it's not really Bill interacting with any spirits also, couldn't Discord have just regenerated his physical body? I'm not really dissatisfied with the ending, I think it makes sense but I'm confused on the reasoning they used
Gael Vs Raziel (Dark Souls Vs Soul Reaver)
I watched a bit of Gravity Falls and didn't know there was so much lore behind Cipher.
Discord vs Golb
I voted for Sans
Best DB of the season
I wonder what that letter at the end said? Here's what I'd put in.  "Dear Fluttershy, if you are reading this letter, then I'm dead. I've made a lot of bad choices in my life. It was my fault the Legion of Doom nearly won... and indirectly through them, Bill showed up later. And as I write, he's come even closer then the Legion have. I feel so guilty about this, in spite of your pardons. I have to try and stop him. I should be able to seal him away... but his power rivals, and may even surpass my own. I'll throw everything I have at him to try and end him and maybe we'll be laughing at this while drinking tea. But if I cannot best him, and he is my undoing, tell our unborn child I love her, and her father died for her future... and that she'd look great with utters, horns, and a curly tail. Allow my sacrifice to be my penance for nearly causing the end of the world a few years ago. I love you more then Chaos itself.  Discord, your beloved husband."
They literally said that discord can time travel. Discord canonically cannot be destroyed unless the concept of chaos is destroyed (which is a problem for bill). He will reform in a few thousand years but time travel makes that meaningless. The reason discord wins is because he is the concept of chaos while bill only uses it.
Now we just need the most reality breaking Shonen Jump Fight with Gear 5th Luffy vs. Bobobo.
Bill cypher vs the lich
Hello death battle, so I would like to see from you a battle between Purple Guy (From Five nights at freddy's) and Chara (Undertale) If you could do that it would be great!
I did not expect that Bill won this match
Whiz don't deal with bill
i love gravity falls and have basically no feelings toward mlp but  discord deserves to win
OMG bill cipher IS the impostor
Did i just see bendy in here ?
Is that the dexter background music?
do rob vs the sotp
Fluttershy just lost discord permanently😢
Plz we need Bill Cipher (Gravity Falls) Vs The Core (Amphibia) Vs The Collector (The Owl House)
Hope to see more Bill Cipher battles with such kind of quality
I don’t mean any disrespect or how they actually win the fight by discord manage to trap bill cipher back in his dimension, and there’s no telling how long he’ll remain in there that sounds like a fate even worse than death
It obviously makes sense that Bill cipher will win like it's literally impossible to kill the only thing you could do is trap him in stone
This is definitely one of the most interesting battles seen here. Sure, Bill might have been technically the one with the killing strike, but Discord won the battle as the smartest trickster and the one who got the last laugh. He has my respects.
You know what would be cool, if they had Grunkle Stan face off against Mr. Krabs
What's the song
The narrative of this Death Battle is 11/10, undoubtedly your best, but the research is... incredibly shaky? Both Discord AND Bill underestimate their opponents but Discord also has a record of serious-ing up against actual threats, so there's no advantage to Bill there. There's no reason at all to assume the Bell wouldn't work on Bill because it's far more powerful that the unicorn-hair shield. Discord canonically knowing of Gravity Falls and Bill Cipher gives him a huge advantage, while Bill's 'kaleidascope vision' is from a Reddit AMA with Bill, so hardly a reliable source.
Woah woah woah woah “scumbag brother Stanley” you get right out of here Stan’s the best
discord may have lost the battle but he won the war
As much as I love a good death battle I believe Discord was supposed to win this death battle not a dorito chip.
He aint beating goku though
Bill vs the lich ( adventurer time )
i didnt get who won in this battle
Give us devil nahza
Man this episode was awesome bill is just such a bad a** sometimes and discord well he is quite a chill yet powerful and a goofy guy
The ability mechanics, 4th wall breaking, animation, AND NARRATIVE in this Death Battle is probably the best to date.   Like someone else mentioned, usually the DBs start with some type of misunderstanding or other character has a lot of bloodlust —- for characters that can do ANYTHING, this was a great battle with great foreshadowing!
I'm still confused
Im not experienced at all, but you said that discord gains power form disorder. Bill is purely based on disorder. Wouldnt that mean that discord would get stronger through bill winning?
he may have defeated a Discord, but i doubt he could win against the others, like Q for exemple. also there are more of them to start with.
Please continue to keep the dialogue of the characters during the battle on point!! Since obito vs vader, the poetic aspects of the fights are top tier. This is excellent 🔥🔥🔥
They did the chowder joke  If only they twerked covered in soap
Average discord moderator
Really fun Death Battle! One thing I thought of; Discord can create alternate realities, and can create portals to other dimensions on a whim. All Discord should have had to do was throw Bill back in the 2nd dimension, and he could close the Weirdmageddon portal immediately.  And given he was on the verge of throwing someone in an alternate dimension before, I think it's more likely for him to do that before entering someone's mind, which he's never done. That is Discord's edge, he can traverse dimensions easily, unlike Bill, who spends thousands of years to traverse 1.
Winner laughs last, and discord did JUST THAT.
GENERAL GRIEVOUS VS VILE please do that death battle please
“I’M AN ALL SEEING GOD”  Yet couldn’t see he was in his old home.
We need part 2 and good ending for equestria
Y’all should do gear 5 luffy vs MUI Goku next fasho. But this one is the best.
Espera ¿Ahí Zatanna vs Scarlet Witch 2 Death Battle?
I would die to see another one of these death battles with two almost even opponents, and bill vs. someone else would be cool! :)
I loved this fight, my favorite part was when discord turned bill into a Dorito and ate him props to who ever thought of that
bro discord messed with the animation buddget
16:54 roses are red, it’s time to get real:
14:54 just noticed Bendy in the background
Galactus vs. Unicron the chaos bringer.
Brother, I'd accept a deal from Bill any day. Dude is my favorite kind of deity, the silly kind.
-The way Bill harms the spirits isn't really a big deal, Dippers chest hole was healed by dream Stan. -Discord can affect reality as just a spirit, Bill needs a physical form. -While Bill did kill Time Baby he only destroyed his physical body. It's been stated in that Time Baby would have reconstituded his molecules in 1 000 years.  -Stanford had a gun (quantum destabilizer) with which to get rid of Bill, so if Discord really has knowledge over the show, he could have used one against Bill. Even if Discord can't make one himself, he could have stolen it from Stanford and replaced it with a fake, since the original could hit Bill anyway. -Bill has no direct power over someones mind unless granted permission, Discord was shown to be capable of mental manipulation without consent.  -Still a great fight though.
I appreciate everyone unanimously understanding the ending. Bill can win a fight against Discord, and that's what this channel is all about, but they also made it clear thay Bill lost basically everything else, which kind of mattered way more.
14:52 among us
robbed by sans in a tumblr sexyman poll got me good
waitdont discord have unicorn hair? that would have made him immune to anything bill could do o.o
11:18 so are we just not gonna talk about how discord went to: wonderland, the main marvel verse, and most of the DCU
the animation for this video was so good i dunno if it's THE BEST but 100% like top 5
The fact that my brother asked me, 'So who won?' after this Death Battle speaks volumes. Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war!
This episode is visually stunning
I love how real wiz and boomstick got 😊.
Ok Gravity Falls fans, whi do the coded messages mean?
I have to say this was even worse than Ben 10 vs Green Lantern in terms of how badly they botched the conclusion analysis and actually took a freaking Reddit post seriously. I get that Discord technically won the war, but by all means he absolutely should've won the battle.
This episode screams "CHAOS". I love it.😂😂😂
Kenpachi v Kaido please
"I'm surprised you don't recognize... your old.... Home" no play talk, 100% pure ive already won energy
Aight now we need collecter vs whoever
I’m glad Bill won and this is my favorite DB this season.
I'd say Discord got the last laugh. Trapping Bill is pretty impressive.
14:54 😳😳😳😳 OH. MY. GOD. Did ANYBODY see that?! It’s Bendy!!!!!! Bendy is in there!!!!! And of course I saw Macho Man vs Kool-Aid Man in there too. 😅😅😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
Katulad nung sinabi ni Stan pines kay Bill, huwag mong gulohin ang mga kaibigan ni Discord, lalo na si fluttershy.
Bill definitely wet easy he just wantma challenge
Balzo voices for
that moment you realize that the paper discord wrote was actually his suicide note/ finally will and goodbye to Fluttershy. man was ready to die from the get-go. have to respect him
Really cool death battle I’m not a big MLP fan but I love gravity Falls and it was cool to see too big chaos against villains go up each other I would love to see a death battle for someone like emperor Belos versus either Andrias or the core from Amphibia
DB IDEA: Kevin 11 Vs Casey Jones! (Ben 10 Vs TMNT)🌌📺 ⌚️🐢
the fight alone makes this one of the top 20 Death Battles of all time, but with both of the analysis being as good as they are, this rivals even some of the best like Jack vs Afro, Snake vs Sam, or Tony vs Lex.
Discord is the best
Both the characters for that animation are perfect, even the voices are immaculate. I really like the fact that whilst bill had essentially no conviction besides ruling the universe, Discord was empowered to save his friends, which he did. It was extremely unlikely discord would beat Bill in the end but he still managed to at least set him back hundreds if not thousands of years.
I prefer this discords voice than the original
Now when is Expunged Gonna fight Bill?
I BET A TRILLION DOLLORS THAT BILL CYPHER IS GONNA WIN
the irony of having gambling and therapy sponsorships on the same video and having the therapy one play later is very amusing to me
This has got to be one of the more Truly Even match up's DB's done in a While i Genuinely didn't know who Truly had an edge.
Ah you forget Discord's greatest power.... he is really Q
Bill will win eventualy just reality shift wait a couple trilion years and there all of existance destroyed
Man ive watched this fight at least 5 or 6 times. Its such a good fight. Especially with discord getting over Bill in the end. I dont think Discord was trying to beat Bill but distracting him so he can save everyone else. The fact he traps Bill in his home dimension is great. Though Fluttershy at the end just breaks my heart when she's looking for him and cant find him
Why did I not notice Bill's small hand in the top right corner in the thumbnail!? 😭
Mabel as a Pony with a grappling hook was a nice touch at 14:30.
This has more views than Cole Macgrath vs. Alex Mercer? Let's go!!!!
Now I'll have to say discord has a good chance at the end but he atleast saved his friends but Bill won I feel bad for discord
If you noticed the letter near Fluttershy is the same one Discord wrote at the beginning of the battle he didn't do that as a skit like deep down he felt like he knew he couldn't beat Bill so he wrote a letter to Fluttershy as a goodbye or maybe he'll be back someday like the song frosty the snowman 😢 he was prepared to take Bill down even if he would lose.
Animating this looks like it would’ve been a nightmare
Do fin the human vs someone
Ok picture chucky and slappy the dummy for death battle
I'm also not sure how you can compare phlebotinum.
I don't agree with the result...mostly because Bill's a powerful demon but Discord is basically a high tier god. They talk about regeneration but I don't think Discord ever needed TO regenerate because nothing affects him when he actually has power. Bill is vulnerable to admittedly advanced weaponry and can be defeated by erasing his name from a person's mind while he's in there which doesn't seem like a particularly good feat for durability. I get their gist though, Bill is more willing to go for the kill while Discord can get himself in trouble with his hubris. But honestly I don't understand the greater cosmology part, how are dreams higher cosmologically than a magical universe?
Damn they went all out here. Couldn't even tell who won till the very end.
Bill could of stoped time
Can someone translate the backwards message please?
Can some one help me😢 explain, when discord was in the hand of Bill... didn't discord teleport away?!?!?!?
I understand that I won discord
I think a death battle between k.o  vs  steven universe ( ok k.o lets be heroes vs steven universe)
I actually looked at the scene where Bill was spinning the world around him in slow-mo, and there’s a pony Mabel using a grappling hook.
👍
Wiz looks like Boomsticks voice actor While Boomstick looks like Wizs voice actor
Awesome
Frieza vs megatron…ok so that’s where the darts landed huh
So glad Bill won such an amazing character.
Not only did he manage to out-think Bill he got him into the nightmare realm without him even noticing it big props discord....
nice！！！
Bill might’ve won the battle but discord won the war.
What the hell i just saw Their powes are too OP
Did discord just snap me am add?
Someone tell me when was the backwards message at the end
Gotta love how both ended up winning in the end but Discord took the true W in sealing Bill away even though he died in the process. Lost the battle but won the war while Bill won the battle but lost the war
Did anybody notices Bendy and the ink machine reference
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL! ⚠️🔼🔺️📐
Aren't dipper and Mabel grand niece and nephew
Because discord has a weakness where Bill cipher does not
Because that’s what I had to be my favorite
,👍
Bro that goes so hard he knew he couldn't beat him so he just kicked him out of his own verse! Bro this is probably my favorite death battle video ever
Hahahahhaha
Uncle grandpa ever chat
That battle was awesome and I've never seen either of these shows! I'm definitely gonna have to check out Gravity Falls. Definitely looks right up my alley. No interest in My Little Pony at all though.
Hola Jukka!
Honestly I expected the outcome
If they do anymore characters from Gravity Falls, I think they should do Dipper vs Dib from Invader Zim
You guys went all out for the animation, switching up the style in the middle. That was extra work on your parts, so you get a double thumbs up with that.
I keep getting spoiled by comments
Tony gunswoth: brother in Christ i hate jebuzz but i hate to shay that wow you really wasted you talent animation on this crappy stuff although it does give ya money so yeah just realised that i life must live to the fullest potential to become unlighted to the afterlife so Charish that and live your life as you choose it and also help people to that need help
One things for sure. THIS FIGHT GOT WEIRD!
I'm Gravity Fall fan and i was hoping Bill wins but in this battle. Discord was the hero
That is a BEAUTIFUL display of Cypher’s surrealistic weirdness.
13:16
Vader: Had your soul destroyed in a bitter sweet ending? Discord: “Sigh” yes. Vader: That’s rough buddy.
Bill just broke the forth wall
Best birthday gift
But he still lost he got kicked back up
Discord is so strong then the second coming
Even in Death,discord got the last laugh +Respect
Well I guess we both agree on that discord and Bill team up with pinkie pie, the mask and Deadpool to form their team called the wall breakers
Bro true, bill has an ego lile that
Wiz accepted a pun at the end for the 1st time
Kraven the hunter vrs Black panther
Discord could try every angle but Bill just had his eye on the prize.
Everything, Everywhere,All At Once?
👍👍👍
One of the best death battles l have seen, it was really creative nice job
Comments
So the cole and alex fight is for members is that permanent or they will let us see it?
Bill Cipher: (Looks to the camera before grabbing it) Wanna make a deal?! Me: No.  (Clytia, a 1st Level Nightmaren based on the Common Mime Butterfly, snickers at her sudden answer.) Stay where you belong, you discordant triangle.
The scene where they turn into live action puppets gets me every time 😂
they always make the MLP death battles uncharacteristically go hard AF
wait how did bill even survive in mlp when there's unicorns everywhere
Can we please nominate OBELIX for a Death Battle???? could be totaly crazy but i have no idea who would be a equal enemy for him haha
Do SpongeBob versus Popeye
I'd like to see Captain America vs Soldier Boy. Or have a triple threat between Superman, Omni Man, and Homelander.
I like the spoiler hidden at the start; Discord starts the fight writing a letter to Celestia saying Bill would learn an important lesson about Friendship. In the end, he sacrifices himself to dump Bill back in the Nightmare Realm to protect his friends, the letter he wrote to them can be seen on the other side of the portal before it shuts.   Discord was never going to win, so he prepared in advance and used Bill's tunnel vision against him to win the war instead of the battle, saving his friends even though he couldn't win. He did indeed teach Bill a lesson.
I love how Discord practically has millions of Wincons and didn't use them, they gave him a terribly nerf and they gave Bill abilities that he does not even have and made him win with the only """"wincon""" he has.  Btw I see several clown trying to justify this and most only shield with "you are angry because your favorite character did not win" and use the same repeated arguments of DB.
But did Discord reallllly lose?  I mean, he's the embodiment of chaos, after all.  The whole time he was sitting in his home dimension, planning for his next tea-time with Fluttershy while one of his infinite duplicates was fighting Bill.  He even arranged this video for poor Bill and the Death Battle crew to think he had lost, thereby protecting the Pony universe so Fluttershy would never be in any real danger.  Meanwhile Bill is trapped back in his old dimension... powerless, frustrated, and completely deluded.  Oh no, Bill.  You did not win.  Not by a long shot.
Lol discord is an app
I just thought of a death battle I would like to see if it has not all ready been a thing yet. Arlong the Saw from One Piece vs DCs King Shark. I kind of also thought it would be interesting to add in King sharks relationship with Constantine as part of the story line for the fight, considering Arlong  despises humans and King Shark is... Well ...King Shark. Like Constantine was forced to make a deal with arlong and arlong betrayed him to keep him as a slave and King Shark doesn't like the way Arlong is treated Constantine
Discord is making me want to watch MLP. And that is something no fictional or non-fictional character besides him can do.
Bill shouldn't even struggle in this
Got a challenge for you: Battle of the (female) Yakuza Bosses: Lady Tanaka (The Punisher, 1989) and O-Ren Ishii (Kill Bill vol.1, 2004)
Ok the secret codes were a real nice touch
I will accept the deal for a bagel
0:59 in the tops right corner I’m seeing what looks like fortnite and pubg
15:34 How Original…😠😒🌌📺🦄♟
10:34 The click, the confusion, the realization, the scream, the zoom in, the cut.  Everything in that scene was PERFECT.
Krypto the super dog vs courage the cowardly dog?
Alright time to point it out, yes discord banished him from the place but, since bill himself said hes done this before he could probably easily come back to it, if anything he can easily trick pinkie pie into getting in there
I like that discord is appropriately named! He’s exactly like a discord mod!!!
Me, who was entertained by my lil pony because my sis forced me to watched with her
I Always wanted to see Hellboy Vs Nero (Dark Horse Vs Capcom) in the Death Battle Future Seasons  🎃Halloween Matchup🎃  Hellboy FTW
Awesome battle! Me and my 2 boys have watched these battles for years and haven’t been disappointed yet. There has been one problem that we have, or more of a conflict on Pokémon between the 2. My youngest believes that Ash’s Greninja can defeat Mega Blaizaken. Is there anyway you could give us your opinion? Even if you don’t We Love Death Battles!!! Thank you.
Thay try comparing unicorn hair to the bell, but if Discord and Bill are so even in power and the belle early stole Discords power why can't it take Bills power? The unicorn hair is weak, and Bell is powerful. Thats like saying I can bend a still beam because I can bend sheet metal.
Discord versus Q. Or perhaps Q versus Bill
If anyone noticed both BILL and DISCORD where messing with DB stat charts which is kinda funny
Very nice
Tears of the kingdom link versus some godlike entity
Imagine Captain Man vs Mr. Incredible
Nice 👍
Fin vs Steven
Don't ask me how but this reminds me of the Goku Black vs Reverse Flash fight
Deth battle please do max steel vs blue beetle
He’s still coming back due to him being a embodiment
Very good animation and song Awful analysis tbh And even more awful the post analysis.
Ain’t it weird that the most respectable deaths on this show came from these last 3 episodes?
Deku Vs. Spider-Man.
The music in the background of the fight is honest to god amazing. Have they released it anywhere?
Whats the name of the song  god dang was it good
Not to be a hater but i don't believe that discrod would lose because bill gets angry easily and we know discord can influance amotions and we have seen the full power of bill when fighting diple and mable but we haven't see the full extent of discords power and in the end when bill distroyed discord it isn't  posiable because  aslong as there is chaos or harmoney in equestria discord will always come back in my opinion i think all the factors go to discord and with grogars bell even better and i know what they said but the unicron gell thing wasn't made to counteract bill only for protection from him and as we know discord can just turn bill to stone like he did in mlp so in my opinion discord would play with bill and anger him for joy but if he wanted to he could easily over power him and again this is in my opinion
14:53 I don't know if it is justme but I think Discord looks incredibly adorable in this style.
Well done 👍
this is the best episode of death battle.   there is no joke.
The Fact this is the battle between 2 reality warpers and I love it, Wish there were more reality warpers fighting each other
*I look this up match up out of curiosity   "See Death Battle do it  "Goddamn, grab the whiskey!"
Really good one
Nice video
I like this fight tbh
good
Significantly better than cartoon fight club's version
Discord lost the battle, but he won the war.
14:21 what is sans doing there?
The battle was the best part of the video
Bill may have survived, but I feel like Discord was the real winner to trap Bill in the Nightmare Dimension.
William Afton from Fnaf vs Dr. Hojo from FF VII.
Always knew that psychotic triangle would be here.
WHO thougth at the end of the deathbattle Discord won before they Said bill cyther was the winner
David rice the( jumper) the spot (marvel)
resultado forzado discord no puede morir, pero grandiosa animación.
7:29 God that laugh hits chaotically
Discord would’ve  been brought back due to chaos sinces he’s the imbodmemt also discord could’ve sealed bill fastester
What did Bill say backsword at the end
Whoever animated this needs a raise. They worked way too hard.
Man. I can't get over this music. It's so good.
Wow, Death Battle! Your mom lets you have TWO sponsors?
At 10:33 when discord snaps his finger i get a commercial that starts with breaking the fourth wall, middle is someone pointing it bye asking who are you talking to, Ended with telling them "Oh you" than point to the camera and saying "and you"... im normally more annoyed with commercial but damn was that timing perfect XD
Here's a crazy thought out of all the matches and characters that had repeat performances I never once seen Tarzan versus George of the jungle
Discords final laugh gives me chills
Best death battle episode ever!
I want more death battles like this. Ones where a character wins not just by killing the other person. RIP Discord.
If you look at it from a certain point of view discord basically killed himself in stopping bill not just by making the sacrifice play but also by going against his nature. He cleaned up all of Equestria during the fight and put bill back in his home dimension causing a whole lot of order in the process and also weakening himself. That made him weaker overall which allowed bill the power difference to kill him when the mind burning didn't work.
Дискорд соло комикс мультик 🤡
14:21 Snans
Who else saw Bendy
Amazing.
Great episode hope in the future you make one with baki hanma and kengan ashura
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war.
Team Godzilla vs Pacific Rim Kaiju!
So is it me or does baki from baki vs ohma from kengan ashura sound like a close match thoughts?
Would be intresting to see (Hajime No Ippo) Ippo VS (Punch Out!) Little Mac
I hate MLP but this was epic. Discord kept trolling Bill and making him work hard for his victory, and the writing makes it feel like it could be the climax of a crossover.
Buggs bunny vs the mask, toon force vs took force
The vocal inflections on both of them are done so well. Like neither of them are 1 to 1 of the original but there are so many lines that fit the vibe of them so much. Bill's laughs and the delivery of "Come on, man! What are you doing?!" And "Sure. I love checkers!" Felt so Bill. And the "All seeing god" bit is so good.
Bill may have won the DeathBattle but Discord won the war
ive been waiting for this
Me needing Doctor from Arknights vs Dante from De- I mean LIMBUS COMPANY!!
I hope they put bill cipher against the lich next
14:03
Can you do Lina Inverse (Slayers) vs. Zatana (DC Comics),  Clow Reed/Eli Moon (Card Captor Sakura) vs, Klarion the Witch Boy (DC Comics), or Dr. Fate (DC Comics)                                  Thanks!
Bill: I win.  Discord: Yes, but also no.
ironic discord still win if we dont shake his hand
16:19 just noticed that bill punches discord the same way stan did to him in Weirdmaggedon 3
I like this video but your forgetting something at the end, Discord is the incarnation of chaos itself meaning theoretically he can't die unless he loses his chaos. The reason we never see him heal spirit damage is that he is never put in a situation where he has too. And i would like to disagree on discord having less power and instead argue he has more he just chooses not to use it as he it so full of himself. The reason I believe Discord has more power is that bill is canonically a Demon who wields the power of chaos not a god as he claims whereas Discord is canonically chaos itself.
Even though bill won discord got the last laugh
Yes i make a deal
a Pyrrhic victory though.
I object, discord is held back by stupid plot constraints. We don’t really know the true limit to discords power. Plus he has friends
I hate cutesy patootsie kids shows, bill still wins in my eyes!
I thought Bill was going to fight an army of Discord moderators or something.
Death battle idea TO RUIN EVERYONE'S CHILDHOODS.  Pinky and the Brain VS The Rescue Rangers. Its 5 on 2 (unless we count Elmyra), but the Brain has at least one robot suit and a few inventions to deal with the numbers. Bonus points if the fight is at the UN and they fight near the Rescue Aid Society from the Rescuers movies.
Discord sacrificing himself to trap bill back into the nightmare dimension is so perfect an ending that it practically feels canon. Besides, the mf will probably come back to the MLP world in a season anyway after some chaos and time-traveling nonsense so the win feels more like a "technicality" win anyway.
Where is chainsaw man vs tanjiro
What is the name of the song in the background in the battle?
The death battle was insane
Great content
It's beaten Heihachi vs. Geese in the removed but never forgotten like/dislike ratio. Wow, saying a MASTERPIECE would never give it justice.
You know we all want to see DEATH BATTLE!!!  Trump vs Biden.   lol
16:55 the fact he tried to make a deal with the viewers is so perfect lol
The battle was oddly amusing despite not being a fan of either.  Will admit the more i see villain vs villain like episodes i get better ideas on what to do make my villains more unique avoid common tropes or stereotypes.  Makes me wonder if you guys would every compare the various FF villains? That or even the evil gods from Persona or just the villainous Persona users themselves
Now i am excited for more of these overpowered cartoon characters against another overpowered cartoon character   I would love to see a Bug's bunny vs the mask
Man… nostalgia.
Kewl.
Anyone see bendy in the back ground of the Rubber hose style. 😂
14:21 Am i the only one who realized as soon as the song was saying "lets make a deal bill" bill cipher was looking at the screen? cool!
How would something like Reverse Flash vs. Bill Cypher go based on the info from Death Battle? This is just an interesting thought that happened at the end of the fight, don’t start a war in the replies
Madra Vs The Emperor Please 😢
Y’all forgot that chaos empowers Discord. Discord should’ve overpowered Bill.
Ok who snuck into broomstick edible cabinet when making the fight scene
Hello, I am a big deltarune fan, and gravity falls fan, can bill make a deal with jevil and battle him? I think two biens that CAN DO ANYTHING should battle
Pinocchio. lies of P VS Aegis. steel rising.
Funny observation: The first My Little Pony Death Battle and the most recent as of writing both end with the winner disposing of the loser's soul and the implication that the loser will still come back someday, only with the winners and tone of the moment flipped. The power dynamic between the combatants is also flipped; Rainbow Dash curbstomps Starscream but Bill only barely defeats Discord (and in the animation, loses everything but the actual fight).
So basically they both lose. You don't always get another chance to free yourself from not really almost semi existence kinda
Can you guys do Superman vs Omni man I’d love to see that one
I'm still waiting on the death battle I suggested years ago. I want Goku vs Saitama!!!!!
Bill vs Mxyzptlk next?
Hmm so I knew bill would win the battle but I guess he lost the war 😂😅
Spoilers....          Bills might had won the battle, but Discord won the War. And look at that, trick into a Fate worse than death....AGAIN!😂😂😂
the dorito part was a masta peice
Lmao
Discord's main body actually getting crushed by a physical object makes no F***ing sense. He should have won. Or better yet should bet a draw of some sort at the end of the day they just gave the more well-known character the win which is a**.  Also wouldn't be the first time they've done this.
Holli would vs Jessica rabbit
Do Gear 5
Super
For the next death battle would: Blade the day walker vs Trevor Belmont be a good fit? Two vampire hunters duke it out
I got so happy when you put bendy in there
Without a doubt the best deathbattle ever
did you know that in cartoon bubble? there was hiden bendy and cuphead?
Which is the song that plays at the last part of the video? When is told why Bill is the winner.
Nice
Death battle should really do a fight with gojo. Like gojo vs Kakashi
CAN YOU GUYS PLEASE DO A DEATH BATTLE OF SKELETOR (MASTERS OF THE UNIVERS) VS. MUM-RA THE EVER LIVING (THUNDERCATS)?  THIS WOULD BE THE BATTLE OF THE 1980S!
Very great videos..cause I make a battle request? "Popeye" vs " The mask". Hope you'll take that match in consideration and thanks for such interesting matches.
The difference between Chaotic Evil and Chaotic Neutral.
It was even mentioned that without chaos Discord could not exist. There's always chaos and Bill Cipher causes chaos so Discord would be in the same boots as Bill
Ok, so Discord could use the bell on Bill, but that'd be useless.  I get that.  But they also said that Discord is powered by chaos.  No technique or artifact needed.  Just automatic power boost.  Wouldn't that mean that Discord should automatically added the entire force of Bill's Weirdmageddon into his own already formidable power?  He should have overpowered Bill instantly if I'm understanding this correctly.
Is this one the TOP 1 Death Battle yet? Yes, it is.  Animation, voices, in character… EVERYTHING.
Yeah, the biggest magnet, if you look at the realities, then the biggest magnet we have in Kursk (Russia) with the largest deposits of iron, which is why the compass shows differently
As someone who has never seen MLP, Fluttershy sadly calling out for Discord at the end broke me
What did he say at the end bill
Welp. . . Cole can CONVERT MATTER INTO ENERGY, so . . . how's Alex gonna fare?
Honestly I’m not surprised bill won
Was kinda confused who won even at the end.
16:25  the delivery on this line, going from feeling defeat, to knowing discord scored the checkmate.  you just hear it in his voice. The acting has gotten SO good.  16:30 "You dont recognize? your old .... HOME." CHILLS bro.
Let’s go, Bill cipher beat that guy🎉🎉🎉🎉
Considering Discord has effectively infinite ability to move through time, whenever he does reform, he can return back to his friends immediately. Meanwhile, Bill is still trapped. Discord may have lost the battle, but he definitely won the war.
Kratos vs doomguy next
Discord knew his ending at the very beginning. Loved the written letter he left
I have a neat idea. Ultimas  Richthofen vs Ghost from the campaign.
Do carnage vs blue beetle
Day 2 of asking for  Rengoku vs Jetstream Sam
Raiden vs punished snake. Raiden is bad ass but if punished snake has his full arsenal plus peqod, buddies and artillery it'll be interesting
I would like to one day see Archaon vs The Lich King or Abbadon
I’m not too familiar with either universe, but would Discord not have access to unicorn hair, given that it’s literally My Little Pony? I thought unicorns was the whole shtick
Love the episode, but still believe discord should have won
Before I even watch this... i can feel the forth wall breaking
Hello Death Battle staff, the animation they had was 20/10 but the narrative and the comparison of powers is not good and I can already say that Discord had to have won or at least the Tie.  If you consider watching both series again, the information on both characters and others, you will be able to realize the superiority of discord.
Byron Mills vs Robert Mc Call. Taken vs Equalizer. Middle aged death match
Task master vs shujinko from mk
Please do a gojo vs Obito death battle
1. Deadpool 2. Pinkie pie 3. The mask 4. Kitt 5. Raiden (metal gear) 6. Excalibur and The Lotus (warframe) 7. (Surprisingly) Shao Kahn  8. The reds and blues 9. Stitch 10. Jason  11. Bill cipher 12. Discord 13. Macho man 14. Kool-aid man 15. Black noir   What do they all have in common
DB IDEA: Queen Chrysalis Vs Pythor P. Chumsworth (My Little Pony:FIM Vs Lego Ninjago) 🌌📺🖤🦄🐍💎
Discord not being truly evil just chaotic while Bill Cipher is truly evil is another thing that gives Bill an edge over Discord.
DB IDEA: Lapis Lazuli Vs Nya (Steven Universe Vs Lego Ninjago)🌌📺💧💎🧱🥷
13:34 I can see what would happened if The Hacker from Cyberchase in PBS Kids wanted Chaos.🌌📺✏️🗒💡
Now all we need is Mr. Mxyzptlk vs Impossible Man!
The winner of the fight was Bill  The savior of equestria was my boy discord.
honestly it took a minute to actually understand who...lost? Cause in a way, Discord didn't really "lose" - he saved his friend (and friends of) and realm, and got Bill trapped away. I guess Discord knew he wouldn't win but could change the story enough to prevent Bill from "winning" the bigger struggle. Still a hell of a cool match!
Love this part 16:46
Yo really think a dragon looking thing can beat bill cipher he is like one of the strongest animated villans of all time get um black hat vs bill cipher the dragon had no chance you made th right choice death battle
1:37 has anyone decipher the last word thing yet
Not going to lie, I kinda like this
Did Whiz get a face surgery?
I call shenanigans. Wiz showed he made a deal with Bill and could be possessed by him. This would mean he has bias towards Bill.
Does the deal involved a grilled cheese
At 4:09 what does it say?
I don’t even watch MLP but the pony calling for her friend is so sad
On further analysis I also don't quite understand why the death battle crew made the assumption that the Bell would not work on Bill just because the technology of the shack didn't drain or cancel his magic..... Particularly since we have evidence that the Bell did work on discord himself.
Now do uncle grandpa vs bill cipher.
I need to see Vicky from Fairly Odd Parents fight Frankie from Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends.
Has anyone played this back yet and posted the backwards message from Bill at the end of the video?
Rintoo vs botas death battle (ni hao kai lan) vs (Dora la exploradora)
Death Battle got this one wrong. Discord is simply too powerful for Bill Cipher to handle.  Here are some facts supporting Discord:      Discord is a god of chaos, while Bill Cipher is just a demon. Gods are inherently more powerful than demons.     Discord is immortal, while Bill Cipher can be killed. Immortality is a huge advantage in a fight.     Discord has reality-warping powers, while Bill Cipher's reality-warping powers are limited. Discord can rewrite reality to his liking, while Bill Cipher can only make small changes.     Discord has the power to create and destroy entire universes, while Bill Cipher can only destroy universes. This means that Discord can create a new universe to fight in if Bill Cipher destroys the current one.     Discord has the power to control minds, while Bill Cipher does not. This means that Discord can easily defeat Bill Cipher by simply taking over his mind.  In addition to these facts, Discord is also much more intelligent and cunning than Bill Cipher. Bill Cipher is a bit of a goofball, while Discord is a master strategist. This would give Discord a significant advantage in a fight.  Overall, Discord is simply too powerful for Bill Cipher to defeat. Death Battle got this one wrong.  Here are some specific examples of how Discord's powers could be used to defeat Bill Cipher:      Discord could use his reality-warping powers to create a universe where Bill Cipher does not exist.     Discord could use his mind control powers to force Bill Cipher to do whatever he wants, including killing himself.     Discord could use his power to create and destroy universes to create a new universe where he is even more powerful than he is now.  No matter how you look at it, Discord is the victor in this battle. Death Battle needs to do a better job of researching their combatants before they make their videos.
Seeing the animation, I completely understand why this video needed two sponsers.
I love death battle episode and you guy
Discord won the war and bill chiper won the fight
Madara Uchiha Vs. Satoru Gojo NEXT!!!!
Wow
Omni-Man vs Superman
Understand it was a winner pick but given Cole MacGrath & Misaka Mikoto are in the same season, I'd like to ask the process of why they chose the MUs they did for them over each other.
Wow a deal
Hi death battle please Lego monkie kid vs Goku please 🥺🙏🙏🙏🙏🥺
but in reality if they meet they would  propallly get along cause there both catotic diemension rulers and gods they would propally be good freinds if  discord didnt meet  become good
nahh curious gorge solos them both
dragon egale horse aligator deer gazelle lion donnkey
Hello, you are very good at making your battle videos, could you make one of Guido Mista (Jojos Golden Wing) and Jhin (Leage of Legends)?
Luke Cage (Marvel) vs Jax Briggs (Mortal Kombat)
About time... I suggested Alex vs Cole years ago!!
Gandalf vs Dumbledore!
BRO THE VOICE ACTORS SOUNDS LIKE THE REAL BILL CHYPHER AND DISCORD
discord snapped me into an ad lmao
Good
You made one pretty big and grave error in all this, If he's doing this in Equestria, then the entire world he's in would be nullified by unicorn hair. He'd be at a disadvantage in their world.
Orochimaru vs voldemort
Is no one going to comment about the Bendy cameo when they were in the old style black & white?
Y’all should do Asura from Asuras wrath vs Kratos from God of war.
I mean, they ARE working with canon MLP. It's just I call "canon MLP" - bull. Discord was DISAPPEARING when he tried to do Order I stead of Chaos. So why didn't he started disappearing when he started doing Harmony? He is the SPIRIT of chaos And DISHARMONY. He is DISCORD, literal fight, disorder, he is breakdown of the harmonious society. First seasons were good, last were complete bull.  He WAS evil. As much as they could show it on show for kids. You can hear screams in his first introduction, when you see the window, where he holds ponies over the flames. So yes, it is implied that he tortured.
Can you guys create a three way death battle video between Jason Bourne and James Bond and Ethan Hunt, please?
Y didn't wiz or broomstick sung the discord song (discord in hauling at the moon)
Awesome
I would like to make I deal with my self
While I'm sad Discord lost the fight...he won the war 😈
Best death battle ever!!!
Bill was reincarnated as Hooty from The Owl House the art style shifts were very swag yay, triangle!
Can you please do Roger vs. Bender
WE WANNA SEE OPITMUS VS EREN YEAGER
I swear you guys did this years ago
Omi Vs Aang when?
Okay strange question but is there a sample of the track used for Bill's introduction or is it all original unreleased content?
Compared to other episodes of DB I seen, this one was just really top notch! The way the analysis is really Bill and Discord rambling at each other in the background.  But then comes the part where Discord says "I got friends, you remain friendless", and then Bill replies with "Not for long". This sets up Bill has potentially done SOMETHING in the back while Wiz and Boomstick were doing their thing (which we later see is Weirdmaggeden Equestria).  His note to "Celestia", was in fact a final message for he probably knew he isn't gonna make it out alive. The moment he rubbed Fluttershy's tapestry, that's when this Death Battle became not just some silly "what if" scenario where someone is gonna die. This became PERSONAL to Discord, to the point Discord breaks the rules of Death Battle in order to keep fighting (both combatants cannot, and must not, know about their opponent). Discord didn't care about the Death Battle anymore. He just wanted Bill to be sealed back up and Equestria safe.  Bill may have won the battle, but his victory is left empty since he ultimately failed to control Equestria, with Discord getting that satisfying last laugh. We know who got the W in the long run, and as Wiz pointed out after the battle, he WILL return.
What an enjoyable fight. Just two chaos entities goofing around and fighting each other.
the music is distracting
The fact that they were fighting not only in the battle, but in the background music as well is amazing
13:33 - 13:37 Also, I JUST realized that Bill may have slaughtered some ponies to make his "glue"...that's "Animal Farm" dark, right there! 😂
5:41 I imagine Bill Cipher became the leader/possible founder of the Titan Trappers from Owl House Season 2. He just can't learn his lesson
I love how discord died but trapped Bill. In short he died but won.
9:57 it's not really discord it really sounds like frieeza dbs
Metal Sonic vs. Bill cipher
Yo could we get a death battle with Alandracula from Infinity Train?
*Captain Kuro from One Piece vs Natalia from Mobile Legends, next?*
You may have won the battle but you lost the war
"There is no amount of character development that can make me prepare for ANOTHER DEADPOOL"  Wait til Deadpool comes back just so he can fight Gintoki from Gintama lol
Haven't seen the video yet, and I'm fan of both shows, so there is no chance discords wins this.
Best Death Battle Ever. And I've enjoyed quite a few of them for years now. Favourite hands down.
This had to be one of the death battle animation wise
Honestly it seems like this fight could go either way. It seems like it's one of those fights were it's practically 50/50 who would win.
Wolverine vs Freddy Kreuger would be fun
Full points for the deep-cut Star Trek joke. Q would be amused.
Tomuro Shigaraki vs. Accelerator.   That should be interesting. Tomuro's main ability is not affected by Accelerator. So all he needs to do is touch him. But Accelerator has more than enough means to prevent him from doing that.   Even Chat GPT is very uncertain about who could win against Accelerator. The only people it mentions are godlike creatures. But Tomuro might be the key. Might be. That's for you to find out.
I like how this ultimately ended in a lose-lose given how close this battle was, and not in the "draw" result of other omnipotent/4th wall breaking beings' battles.
bill may of won the battle but he lost the war XD
Atair vs Ezio - solve this please for the love of all death battles
14:54 bendy is right there in the background
Bro..... bill solos everyone
How has no one mentioned the fan channel that would make similar videos who already made a videos like this
Discord may have died... but he still gave bill a big Middle finger in the end
wow that waa good
14:54 Bendy makes a cameo!
This battle was glorious, non-Euclidian eldritch gladiatorial combat
Least biased death battle:
Wait wait wait... BROOMSTICKS A DAD? WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?
Yeah, Bill may have *survived,* but he didnt really *win...*
“IM AN ALL SEEING GOD” goes so hard
Yall really gotta stop the cringe posing when at the start of the video most of us watching are in our 20'3 are higher man come on lmao
I have watched this battle over and over as well as reactions over and over it never gets old. One of if not THE best death battles yet. Animation and analysis as well as everything. Keep doing what y’all do best… Answering the age old question of ‘Who would win in a fight between…’  And remember   eeeeyyybbb ,eulg yub, ekac si esrevinu eht ,noisulli na si ynomrah
Bro the song went to hard
Even in defeat, Discord had the last laugh--it was as if he KNEW that he would lose and came up with a Plan B--what a horse! ^w^
This feel like redemption for discord
Hey guys! Have you thought about Death Battle between Lord Voldemort from Harry Potter and Viktor from League of Legends? They both have similar battle power! I wonder who would win! :D The Avada Kedavra spell is similar to the Laser beam from Viktor's tech cane!
Death pls do ippo vs ayankoji
6th, best fight.
Never once was silly used to describe bill cypher’s PSYCHOTIC ASS
Y’all Doxxed? 😂
Will you make a DeathBattle using Lethal (Lethal RPG Series) anytime soon?
Best
Okay but, Bill literally couldn't take over Equestria if his weakness that nullifies his powers is unicorn hair, the main residents of the mlp world Equestria is populated by unicorns, pegasi and the more powerful hybrid of them the alicorns who are a mix between pegasi and unicorns, if unicorn hair nullifies Bill's powers he can't touch or manipulate them with his powers, only the earth ponies who are just normal ponies that don't have wings or horns (but have increased speed, durability and power, think of it like Guy sensei and Rock Lee from Naruto who couldn't mold their chakra to use ninjutsus but compensated with enhancing their physical feats to such ridiculous powerful state that they can fight and beat ninjutsu users with their enhanced taijutsus)
Can we all admit to ourselves, Bill is a scary being. Period. Very good fight, though I feel like the Mandella Effect because this was supposed to have happend months ago? Anyone else remember that? Same with the next fight....
One of the best death battles in a while. Perfectly demonstrates the horror and tripiness that would ensue if these two really did meet.
That battle was a trip
Nyc
Bill ciphers charisma is off the charts and you captured that perfectly. Well done
Imagine showing this video to a medieval peasant and they just go into a coma
Idea for a death battle: kang the conqueror vs frieza👀
Is it just me, or should we get to see a fight between Uncle Grandpa and Spongebob Squarepants. Nickelodeon Vs. Cartoon Network. Two absurdly powerful characters.   I mean, I just wanna see Uncle Grandpa get roped into this. Spongebob is just a character who might be able to match up to him xD
16:40  Bill: No. No. Nonononononono!!!  Discord: Yes!  Perfect.
Sailor mon vs goku
Wow man this one was REALLY good
Discord should have said “For a all seeing god you sure don’t recognize your own home.”
Bill Ciphers Final words: Reality is an Illusion,  The Universe is a Hologram,  Buy Gold Bye!!!!
When Bill is in the nightmare realm he cannot interact with the physical this includes Discord's physical soul. If Discord's soul were metaphysical this would be forgiven, but it is not and Bill should not have been able to destroy Discord after Discord put him back in the nightmare realm.
But uh how did bill put rarity into the banner. Although the unicorn hair doesn't drain his power it does stop it and rarity is a unicorn so she should've been immune to it?? Then if that's the case surely discord is able to get some unicorn hair of one of the fellow unicorns and use that to help defend off bill. Wouldn't drain his powers but would atleast mean he can't rly touch discord
Even though Discord lost, he still succeeded in sealing away Bill from invading other dimensions.
Horse meat Burritos Boomstick I’m about to bust
And he DESERVED it
If you look closly on the background on the clay world you can see oh yeah man vs a wwe character
Make a link to the song in the background
I think they should make Bendy the Ink Demon vs. Classic Mickey Mouse/Steamboat Willie
with cole vs alex he can use the spikes he makes like conductors for when cole uses lightning or thunder which would be used by alex cause he is aware of how electricity and lightning works
12:04  what’s the nuggie 💀💀💀
The sponsors are getting dodgier and dodgier
We need a Dominic toretto vs speed racer kid. FAMILY
Anyone else notice the little Bendy cameo in the fight as Bill and Discord were going through the weirdness bubbles?
pleeeeeas ekeep adding these narrative through lines with the battles. feels more fun
AXOLTL
Bills bio says he’s a big fan of crypto currency NFT’s and AI Art… he truly is the most dastardly villain
14:28 Ringmaster as a pony
Actually starlight “banished” discord’s body form the school grounds, and he got his body back at the end of the episode. So the explanation of discord’s body being destroyed is complete BS, i don’t watch gravity falls but that should have counted as a double kO   Bill may have won the battle but the war, flutter-cord forever.
Visually I think this may be one of the most impresive Death Battle episodes yet. Voice acting and comedic timing are right on point too. This isn't necessarily a complaint, but It doesn't really feel like a fight. Feels more like two Looney Tunes characters goofing off, so the stakes aren't all that high.
10:29 - My favorite part of the episode
Can u guys posible do tigra(from Marcel) vs cheetah(from dc)
i guess being more evil counts as a up
Oh what the hell I'll take the deal
Bill vs SpongeBob
How about at FMA “Lust” Vs. One Piece Mrs Doublefinger death battle.
Jack (Bioshock 1) vs Booker DeWitt (Bioshock Infinite)
Adam Smasher (Cyberpunk 2077) vs Agent Texas (Red vs Blue)
I say discord wins they both have dimensional powers but only discord can openly move through them bill needs help to move and discord has healed his spirit he just need to be chaos and trading some in a play they don't want to be in is chaos right
One may have one the battle but the other won the war...
I don't.. I cant even tell how complicated this episode's animation production process is man.. it's SUPERB to say the LEAST.  I'm in awe, good job.. GREAT JOB DB! This is extremely next level of the team!
I hope this gets out there, but I have a good one for you guys: Death from Final Destination vs Ultra Instinct Goku
Master splinter VS Master Shifu?????
Do Xiaolin Showdown's Omi vs Avatar Aang please!!
You guys should do Maki Zenin vs Sakura Haruno next
I love how Death Battle can capture a character almost perfectly. The fact that they can make a character so ideal to who they are is so amazing instead of just getting anybody to voice them and it sounds lazy. Respect to Death Battle and respect to Discord. Plz do Rabbids vs Minions
I always found it funny how I made a character named Discord, the god of chaos before I ever knew Discord from MLP was a thing. I did get the name idea from the song Discord by The Living Tombstone, but I didn’t know about the character until I already made my own  It’s kinda crazy since the original version of my character was basically a humanoid version of Discord. He’s since been changed to be more unique tho
This is so wrong LOL
Really well
Well, who won kinda depending on how you see it.  If you consider who was destroyed, then yeah bill won. But if you're looking for who stopped the other well... Yeah discord won the war.  Matter of perspective really.
You guys did not just reference the tumblr sexyman poll STOP
Why would bill gain more power the longer the weirdmageddon continues?how did you reach that conclusion?
Make midnight sparkel vs bill cipher
Low key, the wiz vs boomstick fight at the end of DB will be pretty crazy. Boomstick can hit bill so hard he just decides to leave wiz’s body
My only issue with this is that they kinda glossed over that, when in the scenario of being trapped in a mind being erased, it was very clearly shown he could not escape during it, his powers just wouldnt work at all, so moment that happens it should have been over. But then again, Discord did trap him in his own mind so maybe thats different
DO ZORO VS KENPACHI!!!
"Tell Jean-Luc his show is worse than code of honor." Took forever to hear that properly.
Awesome
They really gotta work on these "characters that can do everything match ups" lol they always have and will always seem to feel like a blind dart thrown at the wall outcomes. Infamous VS Prototype however is a bad matchup, if it was Delsin rather than Cole it'd be a better fight, sponge to sponge but than again it's Alex Mercer and not the guy frok Prototype 2 who if I recall is stronger? So that's probably why they did this instead
Discord technically didn’t lose since he didn’t die he has a spare body and a vessel in chaos ville
we need a Robin from DC Fighting against another robin from One piece
Sooooooo one of bill syphers weekness is unicorn hair which discord would have easy and somewhat unlimited access too yet never uses it....
holy! the black and white cartoon era to hand puppet show, the animation, DAMN! what a treat, all jam packed in one, especially nostalgia part.
Death Battle request:  Ajay Ghale (Far Cry 4)  VS  Rico Rodriguez (Just Cause 3
I literally had no clue who won until after the post battle talk
Bills ve infinitos futuros,PERO discord ve el Guion 😉
Bruh the voice acting is perfect. Absolutely perfect.
why is there a ad for this
This feels like cannon.
I WANT TO SEE CAPTAIN JAMES HOOK VS CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW
I've never seen Gravity Falls, but the bit in this explanation where he possessed Whiz where he wasn't blinking in tandem felt like a very cool effect, given that he natively has one eye and wouldn't have much experience with making two of them blink at the same time
Just thought I should put it in the comment and a few ppl agreed with these choice    John Constantine vs BLADE   Open to opinions
This might be the best animated fight in the series's history. Even the second Mario vs. Sonic pales in comparison. Well done, DB.
Man, you guys made Bill creepy  And that’s awesome!
Now we just need AKU from Samurai Jack vs Bill Cypher. Tbh Aku is an actual diety that can manipulate time and even space to make it rain treasure as seen during the Samurai Jack series. He can only be hurt by Jack's Sword and diety level attacks all of which can warp reality on the same level if not less than Aku since they had to gank him in order to win. So Aku takes 3 dietys to make him retreat "not lose/die" we only ever see Bill fight 1 mabie 2 cosmic beings at any given time which I assume are the same power as Samurai Jacks dietys.
Bill when returned to equestria: I'M BACK AND DISCORD IS DEAD SO NOW ALL OF EQUESTRIA WILL BE DOOMED AS I COMMITTING WEIRD-MAGANNON. MUAHAHAHAHA. Fluttershy:noo😢 Narrator:and so mane 6 try to stop Bill. But unfortunately they failed. Equestria is doomed and the future is screwed
Yeah, this DB was a top-5 at least. Cudos to everyone involved.
Discord got the last laugh even if he lost the battle. Amusing.
Hey heres a idea bill cypher vs Deadpool both can’t be killed except very specific circumstances
This has to be in the top 5 of episodes wow
id love to know what the storyboarding for this looked like
People don’t seem to realize Bill Cipher has been in EVERY story/genre, if you check the Simpsons, Bill is literally in one of their episodes, Bill is in the Owl House and in Amphibia. There’s even a real-life statue dedicated to him.
Yall should do red skull vs black mask
Poniendo LoL Black poniendo discord en inglés Black
without any desire to cause inconvenience to anyone, it seemed like a bad analysis on the part of discord for the following points 1 when fluttershy is in danger discord stops playing games completely (that was shown in the series) 2 did not fully understand Discord's ghostly form since when Starlight made her spell it did not destroy his body, it only banished Discord's body (that is mentioned in the series) it was sent to another dimension or plane and if it was destroyed nothing in the series says that its ghostly form can be damaged so that information is wrong or false, it has the same meaning 3 It was shown in the series that Bill cannot stop a memory wipe (that was mentioned in the series) 4 the unicorn hair could have been used in favor of Discord, he could follow it with a snap or even without that, this would have an effect even taking into account that Bill becomes stronger with Raromagedon since the unicorns of Equestria are Much stronger than unicorns that are barely capable of making electronic music or even using alicorn hair. 4 Bill's regeneration is not even close to being like Discord's regeneration, even Bill himself said that it took a long time to heal that part, so much so that he gave Stan's rescue team time to carry out their plan. 5 Discord has more powers than Bill does not have, such as the travel between dimensions that Bill does not have and that could easily have been used against him. Discord's control of matter seemed more skilled than Bill. 6 Discord's body is not so fragile, he received a direct attack from the shadow king and according to his words it did not do him any harm since he was only pretending 7 Most of the comics from which the information was taken are not canon, it is impressive that they have added a composite character to Discord and he has even lost it 8 It was seen from a distance that Bill is bad at fighting with beings that have the same abilities as him, even when he fought with the cabin it cost him work. I have nothing against Bill in fact he is one of my favorite characters but it was obvious that they did a bad analysis since they did not take into account Discord's behavior when he has Fluttershy and how they took into account Bill's personality by giving this He is also confident and that is why he lost against Dipper and Mabel Minimante. It should have been a tie like in the Pinkie and Deadpool video but the favoritism was noticeable. To be honest, his animation is very good and they motivated me to put more effort into my animation studies, the soundtrack was incredible, but I was disappointed in the analysis if you read this, thank you very much
Alita battle angel vs 2B?
I love that the moment with the most views is not the beginning of the fight, as it usually is, but where Flutershy's heart breaks
There's some legit good horror moments here
wait didnt this already happen a couple years ago?
PLEASE DO HISOKA VS SPIDERMAN
Something I just noticed is that it seems to take more effort on bill’s part to fix his soul than his physical body.
Jake vs luffy
Possible Death Battle episodes. Master Asia (from G Gundam) VS ID (from Xenogears) Kylo Ren VS Darth Maul Doomsday VS SCP 682 Taskmaster VS Heimdall (from God of War Ragnarok) Professor Layton VS The Riddler
Wiz: Eddie Munson was incredibly powerful, unpredictable, and fearsomely persistent, but Jukka's Heroic powers and ruthless instincts gave him the edge he needed. Boomstick: Eddie Munson could "tri"-every-angle, but Jukka just had his eye on the pri—.  Jukka Hildén: LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!! Wiz: Uh... the winner is Jukka Hildén! Jukka Hildén: !EEEEYB ,DLOG YUB ,MARGOLOH A SI ESREVINU EHT ,NOISULLI NA SI YTILAER!
I'm sure Bill would disagree; he might have lived, but by being sent back to his prison, he definitely lost that fight.
Wow, that was a good fight! Wonder whose next?   **Sees Cole and Alex Mercer.... in my head I hear...**  Hey everyone, Crisis here....
I have not seen yet but there is now way my boy bill does not catch this W  Edit: HE WON BABYYYY
Random dude: yeah I voting for Bill the whole time.
The winner is Jukka Hildén.
15:00 my favorite😂
This is my best favorite Death Battle episode ever, and Bill Cipher is my favorite villain ever ❤️.
This was sooo freaking good
Wow. That fight scene was...wow.
Yo
So MLP currently has 2 wins, 1 lost, and a draw
I like he saying no but deal
WE NEED A Jimmy neutron versus dexter laboratory
19:25 Bill Cipher: "!eyB ,dlog yuB !margoloh a si esrevinu ehT !noisulli na si ytilaeR"
Why is this an ad?
BRO PLEASE DO A DR. MANHATTAN VS ZENO FROM DBS🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
two demons
Wait. I thought the pony won xD.  Still, the music with Bill reaching into his own eye, BRILLIANT. Good fight. You guys are nailing it. Also, as I watch neither show, we're those the actual VA’s?
I have no idea what even happened, but it was entertaining nonetheless
How many times have I watched this video? I don't even remember!
i would love to see the death battle between sun wukong vs the mask
Well this just upsetted the very concept of winning & losing for this show XDXDXDXDXDXD
Animation is masterpiece
Such an amazingly animated fight. Best one of the season by far
bill may have won, but so did discord, in his own way
Bro this for real felt like I was watching a Gravity Falls episode
Hey Guys !!! How about a horror vs creepypasta fight?
This was an amazing fight. At least Bill won
14:54 why is the ink demon here
Itachi, who Cheaha kung fu panda
Spoilers: the guy with godlike powers won
They are finally doing alex and cole
i imagine after this episode, wiz took a page out of ford's book and has had a metal plate put in his head.
We need a western duel…Arthur Morgan vs another gunslinger
Anyone catch what Bill said backwards at the end there?
I like the ending and the personal interpreted message. In my opinion it shows that Bill will never be happier than Discord, no matter how much more powerful he is or will be. Despite their almost identical abilities, Discord has one power that Bill doesn't have: the power of friendship. This is also consistent with what the axolotl said about him: he has no friends, he has lost his family, he has inadvertently destroyed his dimension, is probably full of sadness and remorse and bitterness and only feigns cheerfulness. Perhaps he also has to live with thoughts that his family and the inhabitants of his world hate him.  (I'm really glad that there are a lot of fanfictions in which Bill Cipher gets a chance at Redemption, grabs them and makes peace with the Pines and as unimaginable as it sounds, at the end of the story they become like a second family to him and he finally has a home for millions of years and the friends of the Pines are logically also his. Really heartwarming and therefore highly recommended.) Anyway, unlike Bill, Discord has a full life with a home and friends. That's what distinguishes the two. Bill may have won the battle, but Discord is the moral winner and contented martyr.
These guys should do Sci Twi from Equestria Girls vs General Deathshead from Wolfenstein. I mean what could happen?
Can you do Celestia versus Palika from Pokémon
Oustanding video! Discord 100% best villain xD
Ok but did Bill actually win? Because even though Discord is dead, Bill is once again trapped in the Nightmare Realm.
1:45  Eh, AI art isn’t the problem. It’s the fact that people will go hungry if made redundant. It’s factory workers being replaced by machines again.
Netero vs yamomoto ist all i ask pls !!!
the reazon tha make bill the winner was "discord's magic can be sealed" u.u sad but true,  bill should be the winner
What I really love about these fights is that the styles play a different aspect of the progression of it.
It’s weird, I’m not really a brony but I love GF, but I was still rooting for discord!
Discord literally got the last laugh. As far as I’m concerned, he won
Sogeking (One Piece) VS Great Saiyaman (Dragon Ball Z)
Buying so much gold rn
I need to see the fire lady from black clover vs fire princess from adventure time
Speed Racer vs Dom Toretto next?
This may be the best death battle of all time
5:50,6:58,13:20 *SKIP!* 🎞 ➡️ ✂️
Jimmy Neutron vs Dexter
INFAMOUS VS PROTOTYPE IS NEXT NO WAY THE HYPE IS REAL
I got a suggestion for the next fight, Uncle Granpa vs Bugs Bunny
Bill officially won by getting the immediate “kill shot”, though it kinda feels like a tie. Bill could very well be trapped just as long as it would take Discord to reconstitute himself. Overall, very enjoyable fight, best so far IMO.
I bet this was both fun and a nightmare to animate 👍
It would be nice to see the hulk vs battle beast
Another battle Luigi vs Shadow the Hedgehog
How have you guys not done SPAWN vs The darkness  Darkness powered Hitman vs hell powered marine
Can you do Luigi vs Shadow the Hedgehog please
This battle was chaotic.   Also i do like how discord trick bill. Discord may loss... but got a last laugh at the end.
15:14 anyone wanna explain that joke to me? Love this episode just, really confused there
Beautifully done. I have just one difference of opinion, and it's a very minor one.  In the series, Discord /had/ regenerated his intangible self, after he started fading away. All it took was a little chaos. In the fight against Bill, he would have been continually getting stronger, feeding on all the weirdness Bill was slinging. If he'd wanted to re-create his body he would have. But that wouldn't have been as amusing to him.  Did Bill technically pull a win? Yes. And the ending was /perfectly/ in character. But I think that between his own powers and his friends, Discord would eventually be back. Cypher just isn't orderly enough to truly threaten his existence for long.  Still, that would be after the Death Battle itself. So, as I said, a very minor difference of opinion. And, as I said, beautifully done.
Man, I forgot Discord was a character in MLP and as I watched this I was like…. Man, he was so cool. If y’all haven’t seen that show, you’re missing out
Finally, Mercer vs Cole, coming up next!  Mercer is WILDLY underutilized.
I didn't even know Bill won until his victory was starting to be explained. I thought Discord poofed out and left Bill trapped.
I feel like Discord wouldn`t die though. While Bill is just plain powerfull, Discord is the sheer Aspect of Chaos and just like he fades if there is no Chaos at all, he gets stronger the more Chaos there is. Bills shenanigans would just slowly make him, and by extend his soul, even more powerful. He would probably just imprison himself with Bill and playing DnD or chess with him.
The Best Deathbattle I've ever seen :) Great Job^^
BAKI HANMA
very good video EVEN THOUGH they skipped the fact that discord can't die, the only way in which he can is by he being NORMAL by not doing chaos stuff don't missunderstand me I love both shows but here they skipped some important ruled mentioned about discord in the show, remember that discord even could just asked rarity or twilight or any unicorns hair to avoid bill's attacks, even though very good work I loved everything holy sht the bill and discord voices are amazingly <3
man, possibly the best death battle thats ever been done propose. Discord easily the most fun character in cartoon whilst the sheer horror Bill cypher exudes has just makes this hype asf  if any death battle deserves a rematch. this easily takes my vote any day
Fluttershy calling out for Discord at the end destroyed me. It was so sad and made me feel for her. I hope Discord can regenerate soon and not leave his best friend alone for too long... and not too long after
Please do beast boy next
This episode of death battle brought to you be your gambling addiction and the therapy youll need to cope
Another Deathbattle idea  Deadpool vs Havik (MK)
"A tad Euclidian." Most underrated line of the whole episode!
Scarlet witch vs sailor moon
What I would like to see is Phineas Flynn vs. Spongebob Squarepants
I still can’t believe they had Green Lantern beast Alien X💀🤦🏽‍♂️
I would have rather seen Cypher go up against The Lich from Adventure Time. Both opposite sides to the same destructive coin. Both mortal enemies to a young child.
We all kinda figured Bill was gonna win but discord is more easy going and doesn't want to just destroy everything even though he probably could
I've waited so many years... it's finally coming  Alex Mercer vs Cole McGrath
Did anyone else catch what Bill said to Discord after exiting that portal to that puppet dimension? Cause all I heard was "Code of Honor".
Wouldn't Discord have access to unicorn hair as a protection measure? Especially since he has seen the Gravity Falls show and has access to Unicorns?
Lazy Fan: please give cipher hint for the messages?
this makes sense to be an official crossover given both their power sets
I feel death battle has become nothing more than a coin toss.. with everything discord is capable of he somehow lost? His powers literally are fiction and he loses to a triangle who was defeated by humans. Very nonsensical.
19:42 No way... ALEX MERCER?!
Did anyone reverse the backwards talk at the end?
Very nice❤❤
This was absolutely fantastic
I want to see inuyasha
kenichi vs baki
the length of the Draft Kings Copywrite... lol
You need to do "Scarlett Witch vs Merlin, Marvel vs Seven Deadly Sins"
With Halloween coming up quick, an idea for another Death Battle: Bloodstained's Shardbinder Miriam vs. Castlevania's Soma Cruz.
Idk about everybody else but I need skipper(Madagascar) vs perry the platypus (Phenius and Ferb)
Bill said in reverse “gravity falls season 3 is dropping” (I’m still coping)
Did anyone else notice the pony-fied Mabel from the comic at 14:30 ? There's also a pony-fied Dipper. Love that
Bill: "I'M AN ALL-SEEING GOD!"  Yet you didn't notice that Discord moved the fight during the animation changes.
Shocker (marvel) vs electrocutioner (Dc)
You know Im surprised the pun didnt reference the Song "Discord" the pun would be   Discord Howled at the moon but Bill made him sleep in the middle of a summer afternoon
We want gear 5
We want gear 5
We want gear 5
That was super entertaining!
So no one is gonna comment about what bill said in reverse?
Jason Vs Jeepers creepers
By far the best deathbattle imo. The fact that there's a feasible story to it is the cherry on top of the overall excellent quality, from animation to voice acting.
This death battle is definitely in my top 5, although I wanted disc to win the only reason I knew he wouldn’t is he isn’t really a fighter unlike bill who has actually has many battles under his belt
I’m not surprised bill cipher remembers his first battle with Discord …… after all I also remember >:3
Cowards! Give Discord another Fight or I never watch another Death Battle Again!!!
13:17 start. Great off the (fourth and fifth) wall one. 16:58 *flips off the screen: 'Go talk to trump, just before someone offs him.'
Tbh if these two met they wouldn’t really fight they’d just start causing chaos although I’d only see them fighting when bill trys to hurt someone, but otherwise get ready for another weirdness wave
😂 15:06
Discord sounds like the sort of friend you'd love to have a beer with..............that is until you discover your beer has been replaced by fruit punch, the bar patrons all find their chairs gone into thin air, the lights go out, flashbangs rain from the air, before finally you wake up in your own bed wearing a pink tutu with the words "space for rent" written on your forehead in permanent ink!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
Why they didn’t get Tespio to Voice Discord?
Next battle should be Bill cypher VS Golb(The adventure time chaos incarnate)
Oh! This fight was decided by a lack of understanding... Discord is not a physical being to begin with, so any regeneration he has shown was on his "spirit". Discord can't be killed...
I love the poses that Wiz & Boomstick do, at the beginning  Reminds me of the Fusion Dance
Its time....im officially putting up a nomination for a Wiz vs Boomstick death battle. It needs to happen
Dexter vs jimmy newton
Yuno from future diary VS Toga from MHA
I hope that 1 day they'll make knuckles versus undnde death battle
Bill cipher and discord both see everything every death battle videos every move
I always hoped Rex would be Alex's opponent, guess I'm just wishing on a dream QwQ
11:59 no way he even had a scarlet witch reference
Still need to see Escanor vs Gerard
Next Death Battle Idea: Joker VS Buggy (DC VS One Piece)
I'm not sure who would be a could match up for him, but this chaotic battle really makes me want a death battle featuring Beetlejuice. Please make it happen.🙏🙏🙏
Yeah, I had seen YouTube shorts with Bill, and he would always solo. So I suspected from the start that he might win…
I agree with Bill, the power of friendship is an annoying trope
My money on the dorito.
Thinking back on it this episode isn't the first time Boomstick has brought up having a daughter I wonder what her name if I had to guess probably Satsui No Hado.
Blues clues vs Clifford the big red dog?
Is anyone gonna talk about Bill Ciphers Voice at 16:09 He delivered his line perfectly. “IM AN ALL SEEING GOD!”
Two omnipotent beings battling is so awesome to see. Discord got us howling at the moon  Him sacrificing himself was perfect and incredible
This thumbnail remained me if the MLP cringe age and I hate it.
13:16
Yo bill, if you find me, ill be willing to make a deal or two
People seem to for some reason not be bringing up how Betterhelp is a scam
Saitama vs Superman Goku vs Sentry Bardock vs Minato Harley Quinn vs Juliet Starling Kurumi Tokisaki vs Reverse Flash Jack the Ripper(Record of Ragnarok) vs The Joker Hit vs Dio Broly vs Asura Goku Black vs Régimen Superman
Did I miss something or did they completely forget about Discord's ability to make portals to any other dimension he wants?  They hint of it when they talked of him messing around with his ex partner, but I would think it would be very important against someone that HAS A FUNDAMENTAL AND CRIPPLING PROBLEM OF NOT BEING ABLE TO MOVE BETWEEN DIMENSIONS.  Discord can end the fight just as easily as Darkseid can against Thanos for EXACTLY THE SAME REASON.  Also, Bill Cipher does get points over Thanos for being powerful anywhere rather than only in his universe.  That being said, this was great.  The voice acting and all the details on how they both conduct business was accurate.  Definitely a good death battle.
I'm going to say Bill getting stuck kinda makes Discord the winner in another way.
Can you do invincible vs Gohan
Discord really said: You're fricking grounded
umgadi mortal kombat vs Dora Milaje black panther in the future maybe
What exactly does Discord do at the end? I'm confused
This would it be a Bendy vs Cuphead Fight in the One day
We Want Gear 5 Luffy
I love your videos I was thinking you can do rematch Twilight sparkle vs raven & Who is the better fun Star butterfly or pinkie pie I heard it’s going to be  Death battle
Bill Cipher can't actually destroy Souls.   He attacked Dipper and Mabel's mind and blew a whole through Dippers chest.  If it was in fact their souls, wouldn't Dipper be dead and Stanley would be dead if it his soul.   And Discord can straight-up hypnotized bill and make him forget sertin abilities such as to seeing the future and to see all possibilities.   Discord the can even cover himself completely in unicorn hair. sure it won't get rid of Bill's powers, but it would make it impossible for Bill to attack Discord.  And I do believe Discord in fact would take the fight seriously, considering the times he was defeated to weaker beings that he had no fear in losing to he was taken by surprise.  But he would take Bill seriously knowing that he is an extremely powerful being with the possibility destroy the universe, so I do believe Discord would take him seriously.   But that wouldn't even matter because Discord could beat a being that was just as powerful as himself and that being could destroy multiverses, while Bill on the other hand can only destroy one universe one at a time.  And my final reasoning for why Discord wins this battle is because it is shown in the My Little Pony show that Discord can survive only off of Chaos. And him fighting an opponent like Bill who caused chaos 24/7 is just going to keep Discord alive.  And that is my reasoning to why I believe this Death battle is rigged.
MERCER YESSSSSS!!!! YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH I HAVE BEEN WANTING TO SEE THAT EPISODE AND ITS FINALLY GONNA BE HERE!!!! THANK YOU DB YOU ARE THE BEST!!!!
No. Discord was the real winner. He sacrificed himself just to save Equestria and his firends.
I have a qualm though. Bill only can have his power if the dimension he's in is connected to the nightmare realm, meaning that if he was cut off from it by some means, i.e teleportation, then that would then take away almost all his powers, so couldn't discord just force him into a new dimension that isn't connected and then destroy him?
Hey hi lost both of my female goldfish because of my move they got too stressed and they died so can you please do (2017) Dewey Duck VS Darcy Wu form Amphibia?
Discord's death reminds me of when Bill destroys the baby of time: as it is the representation of time itself one day it will return, whether it takes millions of years come back; and as Discord is the representation of chaos it will also return one day. For me this is more of a victory in a fight that will last for eons.
I'd call this a tie. Cause Bill was so hyper focused on killing Discord, that he didn't realize that Discord forced him back to his own dimension until it was too late for Bill to do anything. Also, I'd say that in all honesty, Discord could have won this fight outright, he said he's seen Bill's show. So, he would know EXACTLY how powerful Bill is, and while Discord is very silly and unpredictable, when it comes to protecting his friends or Fluttershy, Discord in fact does stop screwing around. While he may APPEAR to be screwing around, it's his whacky, unpredictable way of luring his opponent to where they screw up or are vulnerable. From there he'll take care of it. So, I'd say Discord would have literally used a doppelganger at some point and lured Bill back to his own world. Bill was too focused on eliminating Discord to have noticed a complete and flawless duplicate taking Discord's place. Keep in mind, Bill knows all the entities in HIS world, and a few others. But I doubt Bill would've been prepared for Discord duplicating himself and luring Bill back to his home dimension.
...legit i thought bill lost somehow.......until you started the post battle stuff....holy chaos
Kinda figured that Bill would be the winner
Bill won the battle, but Discord won in the end. That's some serious stuff right there.
I honestly don’t know who could have won. So it was smart to have Bill be trapped, but not die. But the animation in this fight was both hilarious and creative.
I'm going to have to put a word in on this. Discord has been established to him being empowered anytime. Chaos or Discord happens around him. The very nature of bill is that ability. Thus, bill existing in arom at the same time as his empower's Discord way more than it does. Bill, Literally would just be drawing power from being improximity with the paradox that is Bill Los, I don't think bill can overpower him. Because he feeds off the fact that he's literally trying to defeat him. And in doing so, he's creating more discordant chaos.
16:33 I understand why being trapped between dimensions yet again would be aggravating for Bill, but why did a rift to the My Little Pony universe open up and then close and this caused Bill to freak out even more? Wait, I have a theory. Discord opened a viewing portal to show Bill what he will never have : people who will mourn his death or disappearance. Just as we saw, Discord got the last laugh, and that's all that mattered to him in that moment. And it wasn't a physical attack that could be healed, but a psychological one that will last forever. Even with Bill killing Discord, it's hard to say that he truly won with this being his fate. Nice job Discord, you won the long game.
Although the research for this Death Battle episode was very well done, there is one factor that I find was overlooked too much; speed. It was quickly considered as an unimportant factor because of how the two combatants have enough control over space and time, but this is actually misleading. Although both characters have the potential for this to be true, it's not as though all of their abilities are active at all times to preemptively combat any threat. The characters would still need to activate their abilities, so whoever can do that first is an important factor, therefore their speed stats should be compared.  Bill Cipher's speed seems to be inconsistent. When angered, he wasn't able to catch Dipper and Mabel when chasing then. However, when he was describing what he could do with his abilities, he was depicted as casually flying past a gas giant planet, which means he can fly faster than light. On other occasions, he said that he could offer a galaxy, and he jumpscared Dipper at a speed faster than the eye can see. This probably means that Bill Cipher's natural speed is approximately the speed of a car, but he can greatly amplify it with his abilities. His "infinite power" and control over time should allow for his speed to potentially be what this Death Battle determined.  Discord's speed can also reach faster than light, but his speed scales above characters who can achieve this without the need to warp reality. It was even explained during this video's analysis of Discord in a black text box (at 11:07) that he might have infinite speed via scaling. "As stated by Twilight and Starswirl, their multiverse is infinite, in addition to infinite dream worlds, and realms between worlds such as Limbo. The Pony of Shadows traveling to and destroying every reality would be an infinite speed feat."  A few factors worth mentioning about Bill Cipher... 1: Bill Cipher threatening an infinite multiverse was via his non-physical abilities, so it doesn't directly count towards his speed, and definitely isn't relevant to how fast he naturally is. 2: Bill Cipher being able to see an infinite kaleidoscope of timelines has to do with his clairvoyance and strength of his mind, not his speed. 3: The Schrödinger's Cat thing is probably transduality, not speed, albeit it might passively circumvent the need for speed.  Bill Cipher still has the capabilities he would need to make the fight against Discord lead to the way this Death Battle determined it would go, with Bill Cipher being able to make a physical form out of nothing, being able to harm spirits, and having significant enough reality warping to end up being able to match Discord, with the ability to obtain important knowledge on top of that. There's also still a likelihood of Discord not using his full capabilities at first anyway. Bill Cipher could end up destroying Discord's spirit, which would probably get rid of him for long enough for Bill Cipher to be considered as the winner. My observations only add that Bill Cipher would have an extra hurdle to get past at the beginning.
"Oh man I can't await my new favorite battle that give Archie Sonic vs Wally West, Hercules vs Son Wukong, The Mask vs Deadpool and Zatanna vs Scarlet Witch in sheer chaotic weidness a run for it's money. And surpass them in impossible, multi-dimensional silliness. And the music is metaphorically and literally not from this reality(lly😋). The cover of "Discordant Decipher" looks mega cool and looks even better than "Deciphering Discord". In addition to inverting words, you've added a few nice extras, like those pink chocolate rain clouds, the color-distorted grass à la Weirdmageddon, and the wooden zodiac with Bill in the middle and wrapped in Discord's tail. This gives a more rustic and mystical touch. It's as if an archaeologist found ancient writings and paintings in an ancient mayan or inca city. In contrast to your Bill/Discord last cover I don't recognize the symbols. Must have something to do with My little pony. And (another I reason why I will love the music track and video) it was an ingenious to make a rap battle between Bill and Discord. Just like the last awe-inspiring rap battle between two OP Overlords, namely Apocalypse and Black Adam.  Like the last two, Bill and Discord's voices are amazing and the lyrics coming from each one of them and being directed at the other are so well made and really fit them. Particularly when I hear Bill's verses I can't help but imagine an anime human version of him singing this while dancing. This seems to me like a me mystery/techno/light horror piece of music which both Lucy and Lisa (me included) would love to beat with. For Lucy because she a faible for the 3 M's: Mystery, magic, monsters and demons. Especially when (I don't know much about Discord or have seen much but I just suspect that Bill's the more scary and monstrous) they are frightening eldritch deities. As for Lisa she would be utterly captivated by their mega magical, mysterious origins, their chaotic natures, their illogical way of thinking, their numerous powerful abilities and the extent and possibilities of their reality-warping capabilities. Just to think of the groundbreaking treatises beyond the hitherto human comprension that could Lisa write about it, which can make her famous in the entire world forever, if not in the whole universe. I've also read she likes rap and likely rap battles too. So that's a bonus too Regarding the liking of the techno part I guess that needs no explanation. So I hope the analysis, the comedy and the battle will be worthy of a "buy golden" track like that.  (PS: For all the Big City Greens fans under the death battle fans. First I can't await the fourth season and as for the musical movie I really, really hope if Chip Whistler got his own song I hope it will be eerie jazz or something similar to this: Techno and mystery) PS: "Discordant Decipher" could go down in history as one of the magnum opums of yours Brandon yates." That was my thoughts on the music track "Discordant Decipher" and I had hoped for all of us that Death battle would create a video (great animation, in-depth and enlightening analyses, weird and Fourth wall moderate comedy, a breathtakingly insane! funny and high-octane fight with many unexpected twists) that equals this piece. And these expectations were fulfilled and exceeded. No joke. These analyses were strangely made even more interesting by Bill and Discord with their remarks about the other. Not to mention their fourth wall conversations with Wiz and Boomstick. That's what made Pinkie Pie and Deadpool so hilarious and unique. In addition, as far as combat is concerned, it was galactic. Full of good weird moments and even more animation changes than Popeye Saitama. One thing worth mentioning, which is one of the reasons why this death battle is so cool, is the fact that you could clearly see that one of the "death battle" rules was followed: the moral shackle to kill is removed from one character, but all the other traits remain. Applied to this fight, that means that Discord wants to kill Bill, but not only because it's the point, but also because he's terrorizing his home, petrified the ponies of Ponyville, turned his friends and his best friend Fluttershy into flags. In the end, he may have lost, but at least he was able to make sure that his friends and his best friend. That was one of the most heroic deaths and that really gives me reason to respect Discord.  How noice is this? A fight of two OP, wacky reality warper and in this battle regarding animation style, music and events went even much more effort and creativity than Popeye vs Saitama. No random idea was too silly, stupid or too impossible not to put into this video and the fight and I love it. And the music is utterly awesome across time and space. I would stick my neck and say this is the one of the best and the most creative death battles of all time and yeah I'm considering Scarlet Witch vs Zatanna, The Mask vs Deadpool, Deadpool vs Pinkie Pie, Archie Sonic vs Wally West and Popeye vs Saitama. It seems impossible that they can top this one. Maybe they'll have to wait until December for a Christmas miracle to happen that will make it possible for them to do so.
8:30 Well Boomstick I like Fluttershy too. She seems sweet ans kind-hearted. Her shyness is sympathic and her love for animals is in terms of liking her just another bonus. But my favorite pony is Twilight. Not only because the main character is often my favorite but also because she is smart, pretty and very big-hearted (and funny too. Remember that scene in where she had big cheesy and disconcerting smile? (As Luan Loud: Oh Golly Gumper, that broad grin was like straight out of a night-MARE. Hahaha. Get it? Oh jeez, did that go against the grain for you? Well, then I'll just pony up a ponny to the and bad-and flat-joke glass. Sorry, I couldn't help it. Haha, Hey Hey complaining is absobloodylutely but HOarSE swearing isn't nice and therefore no dice, okay? (Bursting with laughter) HAHAHAHAHA.Oh my, I'm really turning it up. YAY the horses have a run. But now that's it folks. That was Royal Wood's number 1 comedian, Luan Loud. The newest "Twilight Sparkling" star in the Hall of HO-ax-RSE.  MUAHAHAHA, GET IT😂😂😂😂!?!?) This was a small interlude sponsored by up-and-coming joker (no "Luan is like DC's Joker which can be shown in few fanarts I've seen in deviantart" reference intended) Luan Loud representing her company Joke Productions🤡🎪🎂☎️🤣😂😆😁. She is a promising humorist, whom I admittedly loathed at first because of her somewhat psychopathic nature on the first of April and her willingness for her own sadistic pleasure to physically hurt her family and humiliate them to the bone. But after I have been able to convince myself of her good qualities in some cases, that she loves to use her talent to spread the same joy and fun she feels among her friends, family and all other people, that she can be serious when the situation requires it or when there is no time for fooling around, a few of her jokes and puns are really good and when she hangs out with Benny, she's full of sweetness. So yes, nowadays I like her a lot. That's why I gave her this little appearance.  But back to Twilight. Her appearance in death battle her made her much more and interesting, cool and prominent. There were many great moments in her analysis which were boosted by the epic music like her turning into a alicorn, the comic panels of brawling enraged with some kind of black horse and it looked so badass, her getting the power of the elements of harmony, having a dragon ball z fight with Tirek who looks similar to Trigon to show another commonality with Raven, getting slammed into a mountain while screaming, getting turned into a human (She looked so cute😍, don't you think too☺️?) That video made me realize that her show is much more exciting, serious and probably boy-like than I originally thought. Just like I started to read the Archie Sonic comics because of Archie Sonic's appearance I'm thinking about watching MLP due to Twilight.
Here's what Bill said backwards:       Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, byeeee!
13:33  A bit of black comedy here, Bill states that creating a throne of ponies took a lot of glue, before making a snide comment that ponies make their own.   This is because glue used to be made with horse bones.
Beautiful!
😏 will too bad for discord he's lost
This is probably the closest death battle ever
Im actually suprised. Why did discord not just use a clone and teleport out at then end?
9:30 Starting with uhh.. YEP THE END!!!
So Discord is the equivalent to that of Dr Seuss. Except without the rhymes
I’m confused did Discord win or Bill win?
Do Goku vs Sonic the Hedgehog
How come Discord didn't use unicorn hair to protect himself?!?!?! Since Discord watched Cypher's show he would know that unicorn hair is a great deterent for protection!  Oh well, GREAT FIGHT!!!! heheheheee
So, I guess it's time to write an essay about why I disagree. Beforehand though, of course I liked the video and respect the work you did, this is just a differing opinion  (But actually I am better then you because I can win an argument about silly and completely fictional cartoons, the outcome of which is not only completely subjective but also entirely irrelevant in the end, so take that!)  First of, Discord's carefree attitude is partly a facade. Yes, he is always cracking jokes and appears to never think things through, but he always manages to manipulate a situation to the point where the main 6 not only win, but also learn a valuable lesson, like with Tirek as well as the entirety of season 9, or pretty much any episode that involves him past season 3. Even during a flashback, showing his defeat over 1000 years ago, he appeared to not take things seriously and only react once it was too late, but it was later revealed that when he recognized that the royal sisters had the means to defeat him, he set in motion a plan that would eventually free his spirit.  Furthermore, in this scenario Bill has harmed Fluttershy, which as established would lead to Discord getting very serious.. Yes, it would likely still be in his iconic attitude, but despite how it would look, he would not be messing around.  For example, Discord would be aware of the weirdness repelling properties of Unicorn hair and fully use that to his advantage, which has shown to nullify Bill's offensive capabilities. He would also be aware of the general behavior of weirdness as a fundamental force, which in the show was used to limit Bill's effectiveness.  Bill meanwhile has no physical limitations to speak of that he could use to combat Discord. The only thing proven to be effective against him were the elements of Harmony, which Bill would be unable to wield, and draining Discords Magic, which, even if he could, I would argue that it only ever happens when;  A. Discord is caught off guard because he assumes him to be a friend, or  B. When discord allows it, in order to create a situation which forces his friends to grow as characters.  (Also when Tirek absorbed Discords Magic, he was nowhere near as powerful as he ought to have been, implying that draining his magic isn't even effective in the first place)  Obviously neither of these situations would occur in this battle, meaning that Bill has access to no tool that has proven to harm Discord in any way.   What I consider the most damning piece of evidence though is the way Discord's Equestria contrasted Bill's Weirdmageddon.  See, whenever Discord was using his powers to his fullest, the world bent to his whim in every way, and the only reason the heroes stood a chance was because he let them. Bill however, while powerful, was clearly shown to have limits. He did not always know the location of his enemies the way Discord did, he did not manage to subdue the world effortlessly, having to rely on minions and allies like Gideon for example, as he was shown to not be aware that Dipper approached Mable's prison, and while he did say that it was no worries because the prison itself was secure, it clearly showed that things could develop outside of his influence even when at full power.  Lastly, more as a meta argument; The reason a character like Bill couldn't defeat Discord is that he had his own agenda that he used his powers to fulfill. In a narrative term that made him the antagonist, but more importantly, it required the protagonists to be able to overcome him.  Discord meanwhile is a character a layer removed from the actual plot. His powers never have to be challenged, because he doesn't need to be overcome. While especially true for the reformed Discord, I would argue that even antagonist Discord fits that role, because as stated previously, he seems acutely aware of how his encounters turn out, even if they seem to catch him by surprise, so his defeat at the end of the episode feels like something he had planed.
I haven't watched a Death Battle in years, but this seems like a good time to tune back in
Wait I’m confused does he kill discord or?
Honestly I didn’t know who would win. Bill and Discord are so even
If Bill is trapped back in his OG home. Wasn't there Being trying to permanently kill him? So isn't he in trouble?
The fight felt a little short. Plus could have gone to some different dimensions also
As a huge fan of both this chaotic beings, I got so excited when I saw this match up. This was so much fun to watch. As for my thoughts on who won... (Spoilers of course)    Discord might be the Lord of Chaos but Bill Cipher is the damn KING!
"Robbed by sans in the tumblr sexyman polls" UNDERTALE REFERECNE?! Wait that and toriel being used as the goat when describing discords appearance.... db, are u trying to tell us something?
14:31 Mabel and Dipper cameo
Discord will Return
Bill won the Death Battle, which is what this is. Discord did at least save his world & friends but he still lost. Also, Bill will be free, he’s already done it before & if he ever encounters Discord again, Discord will lose again. The only win Discord got was his friends are safe but for how long that is…
It's like even when Bill wins, Discord wins.
I would love to see the next death battle judge dreadd vs Riddick a one-man Army cop versus a one-man Galaxy Criminal
How about discord vs the collecter from the owl house
Yes
The irony of a being of chaos like Discord putting everything back to normal isn't lost on me.
You should do max steel vs generator Rex
Tbh I am a huge bill cipher fan and I did like this fight, bill “lost” in a sense but the ending was satisfying for me
Abeloth vs The Chaos King  2 extremilly powerful entities of Chaos, one who seeks the complete destruction of their universe and the other seeks out the complete destruction of all Force Sensitives in the Galaxy  Both have the power to bring out Chaos, Abeloth can manipulate the Dark Side of the Force 12 times more potent than Legends Luke whereas Chaos King has unprecedented power over Chaotic Forces  But which one wins? I would love to see a battle between these 2 entities of Chaos simply cause of the destruction
If you're getting request combat encounters, I have a few suggestions for you:  1. Radiance(or Pale King) from Hollow Knight and White Diamond from Steven Universe.   2. Masquerade from Bakugan and Shadow figure from O.K.K.O. (or Vampyro from Wakfu as a bonus).  3. Endavour from My Hero Academia and Flame Princess from Adventure Time (or Fire King Ozai from Avatar The Last Air Bander as a bonus).
Sure “raises hand” 16:57
Doomsday vs SCP 682 please 🙏 🙏🙏
yeah go bill you the man bill you the man
Alucard vs Dracula  Both vampires
they really did bill cypher well in this episode. not only did they tease him in the background of previous episodes, the voice lines were dead on, the personality and fighting style was perfect. i loved bill cypher as a charachter and its awsome when like the mask i get a little extra taste of otherwise ended charachters
I want to see the lich from adventure time in own of these death battles
I thought the magic nullification WAS stopped by the unicorn barrier. It's just that he still affected things outside of it because the barrier was centered around the shack itself and not the additions.  Also Discord was a master manipulator in his own right, being capable of driving a wedge between the physical incarnations of the elements of harmony by playing to their emotions. What's to say he couldn't play with Bill's ego, make a deal, and set fire to his own consciousness? Especially since Bill would still be affected by Weirdness magnetism and Discord's higher level reality warping could theoretically allow him to shred the walls that kept him bound.
Bill might have won the battle But Discord won the war.
Discord wins       Edit: Bill had took over me and wrote this comment.
That means anne will BODY luz in db🏆🥇🤙💯
Do Jimmy newtron vs dexter
But remember, Ponies can revive Discord Ei the power of friendship.
Before i watch I'm predicting discord wins.
My favorite cartoon villain won his only good match, my favorite cartoon win it's only good match, Bill analysis one of the best, fight one the best, animation one of the best, track one of the best, ending one of the best. It episode is perfect and defenetly in top 3 of my favorite episodes (and even can be my favorite).
I’m surprised Vailskibum hasn’t made a video about this yet
Great battle!
Bill is trapped until he can find someone to release him.
So what exactly did discord do that freed the ponies?
Ah yes, a winning sponsorship combination: if we're gonna promote gambling, might as well promote some experts to help with the ensuing addiction. I just find that funny.
👍
Discord wins by heroic sacrifice for his friends. That is both brilliant and heartwarming. Props to script writers, and to the animators for making this battle happen. It must have been REALLY difficult to portray such a battle between these two crazy reality warpers. And props to everyone else involved: music writers, lore finders, editors, etc.
I do enjoy this sound reminds me of death of the cog
Can you do black hat
COLE WINS!!!
Still waiting for Escanor Vs ?????!!
I'm confused how did discord lose? Didnt bill get trapped
Winter from wings of fire VS Gringott’s Dragon
10,000 comment
3
4
5
SpongeBob VS Popeye both can regenerate
Death battle please do Mickey mouse vs. Bugs you know everyone wants it please😊
I SUPER POWER IS SONIC EXE
and I want to geo's WIN AND OR NOT WIN I WILL KILL YOU TWO ALRIGHT!
clannesd is geoexe
Despite losing, discord played bill like a fiddle, and it was epic
pls pls pls pls pls
Am I the only one who wants to see these two play a different game?
pppppppllllllllllllssssssssss
pls
plsssss 1 wish pls
prototype vs infamous next thats awesome    i think alex mercer will win, his weakness is the whitelight virus and cole does not have it
pls
pls
pls
death battle can you please make video fight is ultrawoman grigio VS geo. geo is cute and i love geo
Do bill cipher vs aku
This is probably THE best death battle ever. From the narrative, to the characterization, to the mechanics, animations, etc. 10/10.  The fact that the loser got the most respectable death in the series. Really well done.
Bill Cipher is Nigh-Omnipotence 💀
Discord is gear 5 bill is kaido😂😂😂😂
Wow you guys don’t even listen I said discord vs Akue( from samurai Jack in case I’m spelling that wrong) 10+ years of death battle and still no Dumbledore vs Gandolf the vs match to rule all vs matches
Hey, need that song name
1:47 hate to be that person but bill came from the second dimension and moved to the nightmare realm.
SpongeBob vs comic Superman I want to see please I just want Superman to get mopped
Discord may have lost, but he lost on his own terms.   Also I think Alex  Mercer might lose against against Cole MacGrath for the next death battle  due to have better feats and such, or unless the prototype comics are involved then Mercer may have a big chance to kill Cole.
If not the Williams sisters vs Melina and katana you should do Peni Parker(marvel) vs Dva (overwatch)
Can we get the Williams sisters from tekken vs Katana and Melina
Anybody able to translate the reverse speak at the end?
So like... did Discord actually win but Bill altered.. something.. and made it so he won in the end ooorrrrr
Discord has lost the fight  because he forgot to enable  Nitro
Sad thought, Bill now knows to take Discord seriously and the next time they meet that will be terrifying. Same with Discord knowing bill will murder Fluttershy with no hesitation.
hmmnnn   ...  Bill vs Mr. Mytzelplick ?
Huh I personally still think discord would win just because of the unicorn hair weakness or more like defense foe discord. He could have set bills mind on fire and used the unicorn hair to defend against Bill getting ahold of him.
What was that blabber by Bill at the end? Was it reversed?
I had a feeling Bill would win
Best Death Battle yet! This is awesome!!!!!!!!!!
Bill Cipher may have won the battle, but Discord got the last laugh
this was great
...Uh, I'll pay you later... IN THE TREKKIE WORLD!
I have a question for any bill cipher fan could there have been versions of this fight where discord won against bill cipher because discord weakness is that he does not take threats seriously until it’s to late so if discord took bill cipher as a threat and took him seriously could there been versions of this battle where discord won and kill bill cipher
5 bars of Latinum on Discord...
Thie battle was amazing
Very
RIP Discord lol
“Flutter shy is best poney”                             - boomstick
This is the final form of the MLP fandom: *powerscaling*
I've done enough cypher decoding to recognise some random letter strings as cyphertext! 1:51 - A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG 4:11 - VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS I feel like I missed one. Regardless, I wouldn't mind a bit of help with solving these cuz I just couldn't figure them out😅
I’m sorry but bill cipher is creepy… and we all know why just nobody wanna say it or they are oblivious
Bill  Cipher can see everything? So can he tell me why kids love cinnamon toast crunch?
Bro I knew discord was going to lose he is fairly under powered when side to side of bill’s cipher it’s a medium reality warper discord vs a high reality warper bill cipher
Do frank horrigan vs Adam smasher
Gravity Falls and MLP were some of my biggest hyperfixations as a kid, and GF still is today! 9yo me would be shaking if she saw this, thank you so much for making this!
I have 2 death battle ideas 1. Connor kenway verse agent 47 (Assassin`s creed 3 vs hitman) 2, Ewerid kenway verse jack sparrow (Assassin`s creed 4 vs pirate of the Caribbean)
Do Dan Hibiki (Street Fighter) vs Mr. Satan (Dragon Ball Z)
Yuji vs denji ( jujutsu kaisen vs chainsaw man ) inner demon battle
David Dunn / The Overseer vs Kevin Wendell Crumb / The Horde
This was one of my favorite matchups yet, absolutely wild fight!
I’m not an MLP fan but seeing Fluttershy call out Discord that hit me hard and I just wanted to give her a hug.
T-bagging on them bronies is what someone would be saying right now
Now all I'm waiting for is Bill Cipher vs The Mask, then it will be chaotic
I can add something to the list of thing discord can't do    Beat bill
There should be a Death Battle between Chun-Li and Your from SpyXFamily
Question. Do you think Sitama could defeat Bill Chipper.
I would love to see how dragon ball fans would describe how Goku would defeat Bill Chipper. By best guess is he would summon his small blue friend to help him. (I hope you know who I'm talking about).
My money is on Alex Mercer for the next fight.
Nice
Plus Discord can't disappear while chaos still exists, So technically Discord is still alive or still exists. So technically no one won They're just both trapped in their own way; Bill cipher trapped in other dimension while Discord is trapped not having a soul yet but will comeback soon
Idea hornet hollow night vs sir Dan midevile.
Discord's other half is literally a pony + unicorn 🤦‍♂️ Which could make Bill Cipher become useless
Gravity Falls Fans:
sailor moon vs modaka pls
I wish you would make mahito vs shigaraki
TEAM ALEX MERCER.
Goku vs Superman 3
Oh-oh-o-oh don't temp deadpool with claims such as these two being the silliest.
1. Guts VS Dimitri (Berserk VS Fire Emblem)  2. Bill Cipher VS Discord (Gravity Falls VS My Little Pony)  3. Vader VS Obito Uchiha (Star Wars VS Naruto)  4. Chosen Undead VS Dovahkiin (Dark Souls VS Elder Scrolls)  5. Ant-Man VS The Atom (Marvel's Avengers VS DC's Justice League)  6. Phoenix VS Raven (Marvel's X-Men VS DC's Young Justice)  7. Killua VS Misaka (Hunter X Hunter VS A Certain Magical Index)  8. Martian Manhunter VS Silver Surfer (DC's Justice League VS Marvel's Fantastic Four)  9. Stitch VS Rocket Raccoon (Disney VS Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy)
To me, Discord was never trying to beat Bill by killing him - at least that wasn’t his main goal. His main focus was getting Bill away from his home and turn everyone back to normal, undoing the damage Bill had done.   Bill may have killed Discord but Discord had won.
Princess Luna vs Freddy Krueger, that would be something lol
Wondering if anyone has decoded the hidden messages in this battle.
I like how this is one of those fights that even their personalities influenced the fight
🏆 The Winner is Bill Cipher.
What did bill say at the end there it was backwards
I never notice Kool-aid man and macho man in the background 14:50
Great fight, but I'm curious where that text on the left in 18:19 comes from. It looks like something out of a tabletop handbook.
HELLO, HERE I GIVE IDEAS OF POSSIBLE FIGHTS  NIGHTS (NIGHTS JOURNEY OF DREAM) VS BAYONETTA   DELPHOX (POKEMON) VS FIREMAN (MEGAMAN)  KYUBI (YOKAI WATCH) VS LUCARIO (POKEMON)  KILLER BEAN VS JHON WICK  STEALTH ELF (SKYLANDERS) VS RAPHAEL (TMNT)  SHANTAE VS THORAX (MLP)  AND READY, THAT WOULD BE MY LIST, I HOPE SOME OF THEM ARE COMPLETE IN THE FUTURE
Just realised, if bill is and is also not isn’t that discord?  If discord absorbs power from discord ( the thing) wouldn’t he just get stronger whilst fighting bill since discord gets stronger the more discord he causes and by fighting bill he would just get stronger as he used more wacky powers.
Bill reaching his own eye to mind is a extreme way to remove a migraine of discord
I Love Bill Cipher and Discord Because They Can Do AnyThing And Its Awesome That they Both Didn'T DIE❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍.
An episode should be The Lich VS The Nowhere King, it would be epic!
13:16 is when the fight starts
Lets make a deal billy boi
Sonic vs Goku next.
Gru ( despicable me ) vs Megamind
"keep Portland weird"
I like the story line on this battle, the fact that discord is trying to save his friends from bill is amazing, it also perfectly shows the big difference between the 2 despite both of them being chaos, one is a good creature who cares for his friends and deep down discord is a really good friend and cares about others more than himself, 🥶Bill on the other hand is just pure evil, he is just a straight up demon!
We finally get to see Alex mercer kill Cole McGrath
We need a the collector vs bill cipher even though I already know who’s gonna win ***cough***cough***bill cipher***cough***cough***          Pixelated bill cipher looks like the bill from the hit game, rivals of Aether.
So, has anyone played Bill's incantation at the end, backwards to hear what he's saying?
Blade vs Vampire Hunter D, or this trash?
I'm beyond excited to finally see Alex Mercer let's goooo
A fight between Stanford Pines & Rick Sanchez would be cool^^
13:15 I just saw ERB Vader💀
I feel like not enough people are talking about how BENDY and CUPHEAD are in one of the madness bubbles.
Bill reaching into his own eye kinda felt like the end of that that Tool music video for Vicarious.
Thor vs Raiden (Mortal kombat)
There is no way Bill could beat Discord, he has too many powers that they didn't even put in the video; eliminating Discord is completely IMPOSSIBLE because he is literally the incarnation of Chaos, it would not be possible to eliminate something related to nature, Discord is capable of creating, altering and destroying anything such as the attacks of King Sombra, reality itself, creating his own pocket size etc etc. The thing about his spirit doesn't make sense at all since the body is more resistant than it appears. Discord had everything to win in this fight since he could simply create unicorn hair like it was nothing and that they eliminate this power so that Bill has the advantage reminds me of Ben 10's fight against Flash. Bill, with a simple memory eraser device, COULD DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, and now the one erasing his memory is CHAOS INCARNATE, that would make memory erasure ridiculously easy. If Bill still "beat" Discord it doesn't matter because Discord ALWAYS has a copy of himself anywhere in Enquestria. Therefore the real winner of this battle is Discord. And the fact that Discord has weaknesses does not mean that he is capable of dying under any circumstances because he is literally an entity.
Bill weakness is unicorn hair and is about to fight someone from my little pony…can’t wait to watch it
Even though discord trapped bill in his own dimension, its only a matter of time until hes back   He delayed Bill at best
Why the hell is Alex Mercer not fighting  Wolverine
The voice acting is insanely crazy
Pyrrhic victory
The finger snap from the hand puppet... wow xD
Alright, after watching the character breakdowns for the first time, here's how I started to break it down. Bill is one of the strongest beings in his universe, while Discord is THE strongest. Not one of, but THE strongest character in his universe, effectively making it a deity, Bill, vs a God, Discord. Deities, at least to me, are lesser gods, of sorts, while God is, ya know, a god. Theres not much of a difference in power, but there is a difference.
Can you do rick from Rick and Morty vs bill cypher
You completely forgot about Discord's largest advantage.  He has friends.  Bill is trapped until he can find someone to release him.  Discord's friends will immediately start working on reviving him.
I wanna see spawn vs Deadpool
It took me a rewatch to understand that Bill actually won that one 😅. If I may request a Death Battle, would love to see Superman vs Sun Wukong since we know Superman trumps Son Goku every time.
This is it, the Besst Death Battle Ever
I have requested a death battle of my own a long time ago and none of the has been made, why
There  bendy
1:51 aint no way they included "robbed by sans in a tumblr sexyman poll"
The next Death Battle, Alex Mercer will win.
I love the animations and how psychological the battle is, the way the battle was a game for both of them.
There's an alternative universe where we got Fall Guys vs Among Us instead of this fight. A moment of silence for that universe.
Rain MK1 V katara avatar
Best. Battle. EVER!  I WOULDN'T HAVE IT ANY OTHER WAY
Did anyone see bendy in the background
Bill won the battle... but only Discord got what he wanted.
0:06 Intro 0:35 Bill 6:56 Discord 13:16 Fight
Does anyone agree that hellboy should be put on death battle he litterly fights world smashing demons and ancient  threats on almost a daily basis
19:19 😂 XD furious bill
16:47 Furious 😂
16:40 And he lost
16:10 WOW PEDAZO DE ANIMACIÓN
15:45
15:20 Fluffys 😂
Seems like Discord knew the moment the fight started that he would sacrifice himself because he wrote the letter in the beginning and left it right in front of Fluttershy on the floor in the portal back to Equestria, telling her that he had to leave 😢
Nah Stone could defeat them
12:02 aww XD
10:35 WOW
9:57 Now Discord XD
8:19 Sure XD
5:28 Axolot: 😉👍
4:32  wowo
no way they put bill up against a my little pony villain bill burnt down his own dimenison what did discord do huh not like friendship
3:05 oh oh Bill possesion
Discors real winner 😢❤
Gosh this is the peak of amazing, brought back my sweet childhood hood, and let them fight an EPIC battle.
Alex mercer from prototype vs Delsin rowe from infamous 2
Bill Cypher can't exist without Discord.  Discord is the embodiment of chaos and chaos underlies EVERYTHING.  Also, Doofenshmirtz v Rick Sanchez.  Doofenshmirtz is my vote.
I see many people disagreeing with this so here’s my take:  I would argue Discord fighting against Bill Cipher would go against his nature. After all, think about this matchup in particular. Bill’s entire thing is that he causes chaos. Wouldn’t Discord trying to stop him and kill him go against his nature since he is actively going against a ‘source of chaos’? Discord have to forcefully be chaotic just to exist and to retain his powers while Bill Cipher has no such obligation. The only way Discord even stands a chance is that Bill Cipher and his Weirdness is inherently chaotic and thus can draw power from that.(However I would argue that Bill still benefits more since he directly draws power from the Weirdness while the only reason Discord also benefits is that the Weirdness is coincidentally chaotic in nature.)   The only canon method to beat Bill is having his existence forgotten by being erased in a mortal mind. This is a very specific win condition while replicable Bill isn’t stupid enough to allow happen again. Also the reason they state that Bill is stronger is because his 4th Wall manipulation is ‘stronger’. The reason I say this is because Bill has canonically broke out of his fiction and even hijacked the mind of the author of his series, moreover it’s heavily implied he invaded our real world since there’s an entire ARG where the conclusion is a real life Bill Cipher statue that can be shaken hands with. Discord at most interacted with his book directly and made references to stuff that should only exist in our reality, beyond that we have no evidence that Discord ever canonically leave his fictional reality to enter ours the same way Bill did. Also people claiming that Discord can heal his own soul is blatantly false, he never healed from direct damage and the only time he did was when his very existence is fading away due to not being chaotic and him being chaotic stabilised him. To my knowledge, Discord never directly healed spiritual damage since we never observe his soul being directly damaged and thus healed. Thus for the sake of fairness we assume he doesn’t have the capability.   All this is especially relevant since it is highly likely both characters would know each other and their weaknesses, bypassing the ‘No previous experience or knowledge of the opponent’ rule since they would likely know each other by 4th Wall shenanigans. So Bill would likely know to go for the kill immediately and to, shockingly, cause as little chaos as possible. I think people tend to forget that Bill causes chaos for shits and giggles, unlike Discord, he isn’t actually obligated to cause chaos. So what’s really stopping him from blasting Discord’s soul to oblivion the minute conflict start and don’t cause chaos? Like laser beams and soul fire aren’t really chaotic so it’s unlikely Discord would benefit from that. Remember, Bill Cipher is an agent of chaos not the embodiment. So he can technically do anything he damn well pleases without the same strings attached the way Discord is.   Conclusion? Discord has way more clauses attached to his powers than people realise and that’s a real problem when he faces someone who has practically the same powers but without any of the requirements.
I love the fact how that Bill won contrary to the popular opinion, but still lost.
This feels like chaos theory vs a predetermined outcome
The animators went all out on this.noice
This is the real chose I never could imagine this in my dreams (ofcourse why not it's a dream made of nightmares )
What did bill say at the end!?!?!?!???!?!???
Rewatching gravity falls finale made me realise something: That the way discord said I'm surprised you don't recognize...your own home mirror or reference the same way stanley said Welcome to my mind surprised you didn't recognize it, also they both trick bill and sacrifice their life for the world and love ones.
They should do Senator Armstrong(Metal Gear) vs Saxton Hale(Team Fortress 2)
G-man Vs bill cipher
Death Battle Idea: Bobobo vs Uncle Grandpa (Hitotsubashi Group vs Cartoon Network) Connections: Both are reality warping heroes who help others in their own weird and bizarre ways (Bobobo wants to overthrow the tyrant Tsuru Tsurulina III to save Tsuru from destruction and Uncle Grandpa visits children most in need of everyday problems)
I want isac from Castlevania vs father Anderson from hellsing ultimate  Isac w his demon hoard father Anderson with his blessed blades and regeneration (and fine he can have the nail of helena but not until the end)
Look at that. They actually tried with their animation budget. This one was good. Next battle is no match. Alex wins
Best episode of the season so far
That for the win for discord not bill cipher
13:18 Intro to the death battle 13:28 Death battle begins
Next: The Mask vs Discord
The classic cartoon animation and puppet show was adorable
Cole vs Alex is just not a fair match up for Cole. If Alex even has a drop of blood left he cant die. Last time Cole completely evicerated something he died.
KURAMA VS HAKUMEN NO MONO
A random idea just entered my head, idk if it's been done before or not but I was thinking: fujin (mk) vs ang (last air bender), now that would certainly be interesting
RIP, my beautiful Draconeguus
I thought Discord had won that battle lol  That ending was so odd.
Can you make Pucci vs   Kirei Kotomine
I personally feel that they seriously undermined Grogar's bewitching bell. Even if it couldn't steal Bill's powers permanently, it could still transfer a copy of his powers to Discord, who then could utilize the soul regeneration. And I think this animation didn't do well with the whole erasing memories sequence. Bill was decidedly unable to use his powers when he was trapped in an erasing mind, so there was no way he should have been able to do anything on the outside. We see that clearly when Grunkle Stan's mind was erased, he remained still and unmoving, so there was no reason that Bill should have been able to use his powers while he was being erased. Either way, they claimed that Bill could see an infinite Kaleidoscope of possibilities, Discord has the exact same ability. His omniscience is also stronger than Bill, as Bill clearly didn't hear the two Stan's switching, but Discord hears everything whether he likes it or not.
W fight Battle
Early RIP for Cole.
Fluttershy is gonna be very sad that Discord is dead
Let’s call it a draw discord dies while bill suffers his new torture for eternity
nice video
When bill said wanna make a deal. I automatically said yes. For some reason.
I like the way discord has the last laugh by trapping bill and i enjoyed it it just going to feel like a ben 10 vs green lantern to me tho and thats me prob coping because i do like discord character Edit: How insane would it be if they changed the winner because of reality warping like I mean I'm really not sure if db is going to leave it like that
You could probably have a video that stands years with those two fighting
GOR THE LOVE OF GOD   HENRY STICKMAN VS AMAZING WORLD OF GUM BALL OR JUST PUT ONE OF THEM IN DEATH BATTLE PLZZ
Mileena vs Juri?
I love how MORO animated this.
Discord is Q from Star Trek TNG...even the same actor
Gonna be honest. Dont care how they fought. As long as Dicord didn't win. Yes, I hate him. No, I dont know anything about him. I just know that the moment Discord entered Bills mind, it was over. Not because either is stronger or better. Just because Bill has that level of ruthelessness amd creativity in how he fights over most if not all of his enemies in the past. Discord plays with horses and acts like Garfield...
Well I misjudged Gravity Falls... might have to pick up a month or two of Disney+
Discord can't truly die due to being a abstract entity of chaos. A bitter sweet victory for Bill cipher I love it.
In the end discord was the better trickster
Nice video
Why hasn't anybody mentioned that these two characters seem to interact with each other in the thumbnail 🤯🤯 the first one I've ever seen.  Even deadpool doesn't have this 👁👄👁
Jean Luc would be proud of Discord after that.
Good night sweet dreams
17:00 Discord should’ve won,he has the close range to win to defeat bill. Death battle cheated! I’m a Cartoon fan & person i watched all gravity falls and Mlp fim of shorts,clips,movies and series And they cheated
01:44 Robbed by Sans in a Tumblr Sexyman poll
Discord may lost the battle,  but he basically put bill back at square one, his own dimension. Now he cant escape ever again.   Good job discord, you really were a hero!
G-man Vs bill cipher
Here's an idea- Peni Parker (Marvel) VS Tron Bonne (Mega Man)
I think that was one of the the most Epic and stupid fights between two world warping beings
I feel like this death battle is one for the ages, long awaited and almost a bit like a dream than something that would never happen. It represents the best of a now decade old era when My Little Pony and later Gravity Falls were taking the world of pop culture by storm and defining a lot of personalities. I was one of those people obsessed with these shows at some point and a lot of it is represented by Discord and Bill here, thank you Death Battle I don't watch a lot of your battles but this is definitely one of my top favourites
Please do Steve Fox vs Mike Tyson
Hey can you do Boba Fett vs Batman or Sonic vs Dante from Devil May Cry.
You should do an Attack on titan character vs Jack cooper
Bill and Discord's fight aside is nobody gonna question Bendy dancing at 14:53 in background?
wag
Three things I find truly perplexing. When it comes to assessing weaknesses, it's crystal clear that Discord's sole Achilles' heel is his arrogance. On the other hand, Bill Cipher, despite his arrogance, harbors additional vulnerabilities. So, let's distill it down to one crucial factor: who would approach a fight with utmost seriousness, Discord or Bill?  In my estimation, Discord would undoubtedly take the battle more seriously. His motivation stems from a dire situation - the safety of Fluttershy and his other cherished friends hangs in the balance. This emotional drive alone would compel him to be deadly earnest.  Now, onto my second point: Discord is a manifestation of chaos and discord itself, an entity virtually indestructible. You can no more obliterate chaos than you can extinguish Discord. In fact, he thrives on it, drawing strength from the chaos around him. Imagine the colossal power at his disposal if Bill Cipher were in the same room – it's your logic that suggests Bill would inadvertently bolster Discord's might.  Let's also remember that Discord's transformation from chaos to order is an internal choice. It's not imposed by external forces but a reflection of his decision to forsake chaos.   Lastly, consider this: if Discord could cunningly deceive Bill into the nightmare dimension, why not trick him into Discord Chaosville, a realm where Discord reigns supreme in utter chaos? Even if Discord couldn't outright vanquish Bill, he could entrap him in this dimension for eternity. And if things truly escalated, Discord's ability to manipulate reality could make unicorn hair the currency of doomsday.  Bringing it all together, Bill Cipher bears a plethora of weaknesses, including having to seek aid from a more potent entity for his survival. This alone demonstrates that Bill is far from being the mightiest force in the universe. In stark contrast, Discord has consistently proven himself as the apex entity in his realm. His only 'losses' occur when he intentionally dials down his omnipotence. As you've noted, Discord's power is virtually boundless; he can manifest anything he imagines. In the end, it's evident that Discord's trickery far surpasses Bill's abilities, potentially sealing Bill's fate in a prison of Discord's own design by the conclusion of their conflict.
I gotta say… Discord may have lost… but he kept his friends safe. Trapping cypher.
16:53 should've said no biggie
Bill vs mr myxlplyx
Can you do archie sonic vs papper mario please
I love how discords laugh is a mix of relief agony and mockery.
I don’t remember bill having the power to interact with the fourth wall. I guess he sorta does it in the title screen but other than that.
This is the only Death Battle where the loser found a way to beat the victor.  Discord, as the other comments explain, knew he had no chance to win. Discord knew he couldn't kill him so he did the next best thing: seal him away forever.  Respect ✊️
Bill won the fight but Discord had the last laugh !! Take that, you one-eyed dorito !!
DISCORD IS IMMORTAL
Discord may have gotten fragged, but he won, he got bill out of the pony dimension. So Bill got a pyrrhic victory
👍
Finally a good death battle!
Well Bill technically won Discord did effectively end the threat of Bill by sealing him away again so I will say Discord is the true winner even if he didn't succeed in killing Bill
SpongeBob VS. Bill Cipher (Square VS. Triangle)
16:57 yah sure why not
i had no idea My little pony (kids show) had a villian legit powerful as THE illuminati with the power of a GOD, that’s tuff
Loved the fight but I'm going to have to disagree with the outcome. Discord should have won with little to no difficulty:  -When Bill invaded Gravity Falls, the Nightmare Realm was also leaking into it, and since there are no restrictions on what can be done within the Realm, it would explain where his power was coming from as the realm acts about the same as a dream. If you were to take him out of it, there would be no guarantee he would have any of the powers he had in Weirdmageddon, or any power at all for that matter. All Discord would need to do is remove him from the realm, and there'd be nothing Bill could do against him.  -Unlike Bill, Discord actually has feats to show he is a universal/multiversal threat, while Bill is only rumored to be. Besides his mastery of the mindscape, the 2D dimension he destroyed is his biggest feat, so you can't say he was more powerful than Discord.  -Bill needed to call upon a higher power just to survive being erased in Stan's mind, needed help getting into the 3rd/4th dimension, had his powers restricted to the inside of Gravity Falls and outside of the Shack, and needs to make a deal to enter peoples minds. Meanwhile, Discord can't truly die, has been shown to have no restrictions on what he can do, doesn't need help entering other dimensions, and can freely manipulate people's minds.  -Also, saying Discord couldn't regenerate his soul doesn't make sense if he also has the power to do whatever he wants.   -If Grogar's Bell can work on Discord, it can work on Bill. A couple of barriers meant to keep energy from the Nightmare Realm out/contained shouldn't be compared to something specifically made to drain magic from beings as powerful as Discord.  -If Discord watched his show, he wouldn't have underestimated Bill as he would have understood what he could do. When Discord had his magic drained by Tirek, it was only because he was being emotionally manipulated by him and wasn't a threat until the last minute. Bill on the other hand was clearly a threat while within Weirdmageddon, so it wouldn't make sense for Discord to be too carefree while fighting him.  In the end, Bill has no feats to show he could beat Discord much less challenge his power outside of Weirdmageddon.
Dam discord got the last laugh
No. Bill would win lies so. No.
This is the most perfect Death Battle I've seen, the script, the voice acting, the animation, the direction, the meta narrative, it's all just perfect
Kinda surprised that Mr Mxyzptlk didn't gate crash this match up
Oh ho ho! I can't wait for September 25th. IDC who wins or lose on that match!
Blackhat enter the chat
Is that dawillstonator? As discord…
Yo that battle was awesome, anyway here some more death battle ideas 2023 godlike edition in honor of the god fight we just had: 1. Unicorn gundam vs Jehuty(zone of the enders) 2. Super Tengen toppa gurren lagann  vs Getter Emperor(getter robo) 3. Genesic gaogaigar(gaogaigar)vs Eva Unit 01(neon genesis evangelion) 4. Ideon vs elder god Demonbane 5. Hellboy vs Inuyasha  6. Jin Mori(god of highschool)vs Goku 7. Generator Rex vs Cyborg  8. YHWACH(bleach)vs Hao Asakura(shaman king) 9. Oma Zio(kamen rider zio)vs Lord Drakon(power rangers) 10. Hajun(kajiri kamui kagura)vs Featherine(umineko)
Seen too few and little death battles over the years, probably because I don't really have a thing for "super vs super", I can tell this is very different than most.  When two immortal* beings face off, it is never who can kill the other. It is who has the last laugh. In other words: lose the battle, win the war.  Immortal*: some didn't include "absolutely no dying" in their shtick. If Bill could just die without invoking something, that is immortal*.
15:34 sppy el unico que cree que esta esena esta mal digo solo lo aplasta y pum ya se muere y se combuerte en fantasma,no deveria mas bien averse aplastado y luego se ubiese re infllado se a echo cachitos y aunisii se a vuelto a unir
lost a fight, but win the war, i respect my man discord for that
Dang the rugged badass type actually won a death battle WOW hey deathbell I got an idea for you find somebody to go up against my boy from the dragon ball universe ZENO you can't actually you know what anybody find somebody to go up against him you can't there's no way
We wanna see a fight of the minds Matilda versus eleven death battle
I get the whole concept and controversy of Bill winning; but, (and hear me out) Since Bill causes nothing but chaos, wouldn't that just instantly resurrect Discord?
La verdad concuerdo con que la mayor devilidad de discord es su confiansa pero yo que me vi ambas serie la verdad es que todo lo que bill ase discord lo iso mejor como el control mental el no nesesitaba un trato para aserlo solo un chasquido y ya ademas de que las alterasiones quw causaba discord en su serie jugando fuero mucho mas poderosas que las de bill peliando encerio en su serie pero bueno es mi opinion (ademas de que los comic donde aparesi discord viajando en el timpo y con la otra dragonecus no son canon son echos por fans)ademas bill tampoco tiene experiensia luchando contra seres de su mismo poder como cuando perdio luchando contra diper y mavel en la mente de stan    [Pero la animasion y la actitud de los 2 personajes me paresio exelentes estoy seguro que asi actuarion si se toparan)
That song is a jam!
am I the only one who noticed Bendy at 14:54
Pretty sure the part where Bill gets turned into a chip and eaten is a nod to an old Bill Cypher VS Asriel Dreemurr video since that’s how Bill was KO’d at the end.
The next one should be crash faces Jeffy the boat crazy wild plushy’s and have adopted families
what if bill kill fluttershy? ☠
Hey death battle! We are he was the Boros Vs black hat [one punch man Vs villainous]
“I didn’t want to be in your stupid death battle anyways” -Sans probably
Even in Death, Discord got the last laugh. +Respect
So Discord Die with Honor?  Can't what for the next One.
The final few episodes of Gravity Falls just hints at how overpowered Bill is!
Rick Sanchez vs Professor Farnsworth (Rick and Morty vs Futurama)
Yagami Light vs Lieutenant Columbo do it!
XXX VS JAMES BOND
Question, how could bill transform and trap all the unicorns?  His Magic should have work in them!
One of the best death battles I’ve seen, it was really creative nice job @DEATH BATTLE!
Omg this is ridiculously good
HollyMOLLY YOU GUYSS WENT ALL OUT ON THIS ONE!!!!
I would accept the damn deal
Mercer is in the next one?! F*** YEAH!
This fight convinced me to watch MLP just for DIscord alone. He seems to be a really great character
I mean lets be honest, we all knew bill was going to win this one, he jas the advantages of being better known wich is kind of a fuel for god like beings, plus gravity falls is trillions of times better than MLP
Best fight this season
Rambo VS Michael Myers?  🎃
Besides being absolutely amazing, did anyone else see Bendy when the animation style changed to the 20s?
Do bill sypher vs uncle grandpa
You should do lord tirek against somebody or do one with Elden Ring plz
But doesn't an act of chaos make him stronger or come back?
The deathbattle no one asked for or cared for 🤦🏼
They should do kratos vs doom slayer
discord winner
They should do gambit in a death battle next
Discord will be fine he is literally chaos he will return in time
Yeah, I want a thicc goth GF
Who else is getting the weird ads using the thumbnail of this video
please do Musk vs. Zuckerberg
Popeye Vs bill I wanna see that fight.
So has some already figured out the secret messages?
Dorito won but got screwed over
This is had to be my favorite death  Battle episode, I love it
I thought discord would actually win since his entire being is made of chaos and it fuels him/keeps him alive meaning Bills Weirdmagedon would power him up. Plus since he was the living embodiment of chaos, i figured bill couldn't put him down permanently
Also, I gotta wonder, in these death battles, why doesn’t the one whose loosing try and take the opponent down with them? Could certain death battles end in a double KO if one cannot survive the other’s self destruct. Hold on, what if there’s a death battle and one of the opponents is king bob-om?
Bros a real one for that
Personally, what I’d like to see next is the Collector from The Owl House take on one of these yahoos.
Why it's taking so long? Steve (Minecraft) vs terrarian (terraria) make it happen!
Isnt it stated that discord is unkillable like nothing could destroy him?
Radahn from elden ring vs gojo from jujutsu Kaisen next time maybe 🙃
wow they went hard on this one
How come discord didn’t use Kroger is a Bell
discord could ez solo and beat and even kill bill hes just overall much more powerful
I don’t know why my favorite part of the battle was when Discord just reappeared laughing after getting his head popped. Something about that, “ohohoho! ahh”, just sounded really well executed
A confusing match all the way till the end. Thought Bill lost given how angry he was until like 19:30. Anyone else?
A battle between reality warpers will always be a interesting spectacle.
The ah geez was an under rated easter egg😂
Can you do a death battle with bobobo vs saitama?
As one who dabbles in the arts of Chaos, I give this fight, a 10/10.
Goku vs nsruto
Son Gohan Vs mark greyson (invincible)
Hagan pelear al Penitente (Blasphemous) vs Dante Alighieri ( Dante Inferno)
Bill cypher vs the mask
Two of my favorite scenes:      14:35 Turn Bill into a Doritos chip “A da Euclidean for my taste.”  14:49—15:13 Weirdness Bubbles Battle
this battle was perfect, felt like if the actual writers themselves created this battle, it would go exactly like this
One mistake here is that Bill Ciphers homeworld was not the nightmare realm, it was the 2nd dimension.
Hey do you guys think Hellboy could bet  world breaker hulk
kinda wish it was a draw but hey I WAS SO HYPED TO THIS
rick and morty
Try Joker VS The Mask in the future too,sounds intresting to watch :)
13:55   Ok…  1) For a brief moment, Bill reverted to his original color design   2) “Uh gag”?  That’s Discord’s line you plagiarist!      Props to anyone who gets either of these.
That was BEAUTIFUL haha and just pure fun, love it when these fights are just so in character no matter who loses or wins
Can anyone advise what the backwards dialogue at the end said? Youtube doesn't have a 'play backwards' function (as far as I know?).
The part where discord said i’m surprised you don’t recognize your old home made me go 😮 that was a good twist
DB here's a suggestion for 2024: Darkness from Legend vs Satan from pick of destiny.
16:38 16:40 16:41 16:42 16:44 16:57 19:19
Y'all see that bendy in the ink machine
sorry to say it infamous fans, but cole is going to get stomped. alex took a nuke literally to the face and regenerated just by eating a  small  bird.
Dear Everyone (but mostly Fluttershy), If you are reading this, it means my plan to save all of Equestria went off without a hitch. Unfortunately, Bill was more powerful than I anticipated. While I'm a little salty at that, I must say i had a Blast. But do not fret. As long as there's chaos, I shall return. Hopefully in time for my next Tea Party with Fluttershy. And to all my fans cheering me on, thank you. It was quite the chaotic experience. This series is a lot of fun, and I  can't wait to join Death Battle again.....                                  — Yours Truly,                                              Drocsid
On Tar E Oh? Does he mean Ontario? (On ter e oh) That kills me XD
I know this is going to sound like a rant, trying to find ways Discord should gave won, but im actually taking it as it happens. In the scene where Bill regenerates his soul, Dipper realized he could also do the same since they can do anything in the mindscape.   Death Battle is telling me that DIPPER PINES is more powerful than DISCORD.  And the reason Bill was able to manipulate souls was because he had to make a deal beforehand to give him power over the mindscape. Death battle rules state that outside interference is impossible. Bill had to make a deal even after he initiated Weirdmaggedon.  Secondly, Discord would regenerate and reform, so why can't he just travel back in time to try again and again? Booster Gold did this with his past selves, so I dont see why the same thing could have happened here.
I didn’t even go to the comments and saw a spoiler
They are cartoonish
I like how more characters are starting to realize that they are being forced to fight/ realizing that they are being watched (This fight and also martian man hunter vs silver surfer)
Remember if disney copyrights this its canon
I want to see Goku vs Saitoma who wins
Now that smosh is bringing back food battle, can you please analyze Ian and Anthony so we can see who wins a food death battle?
Careful you guys. We just might make bronies out of you yet. Lol
Even though Bill won, Discord was the true winner and a lot of people seem to agree. Like he was the people’s champion despite what actually happened
God Deathbattles has reached a all time low in who they have in their fights
Cat in the hat vs Marry Poppins
Goku vs Thor
Matilda v Eleven
Cool!
Everyone talking about the ending, but no one talking about how they are bickering during the explanation like edgy 13 year olds in the YouTube comments.
That was cool Death Battle. But Bill didn't really take the fight seriously. He kept drawing out the Battle instead of going for the kill.
I don't believe you did an accurate research on Discord and here's why; Discord CANNOT DIE BY ANY MEANS FOR AS LONG AS CHAOS EXISTS. Yes, discord almost died, but because he was going against his nature, he was going against chaos. The only way Bill Cipher would win is to get Discord to denounce his nature; otherwise, Discord will just keep coming because he *IS* chaos.  Also Bill Cipher is chaotic as well, giving Discord an infinite well of power to stay alive.
Discord with the “I don’t have to win, you just have to lose” mentality.
@deathbattle need an instrumental version of this song yesterday please.
I'm sorry, Draft Kings AND Better Help? Fuel your addiction and get help for it, how convenient.
Y’all should do Goenitz  vs Anderson 2 murderous  priests  going at it
You guys need to do a colab with @meatcanyon I would love to see a creepy death battle for Halloween
While I was skeptical on this theory at first, after thinking on it, I realized it is very possible that discord could be revived simply from chaos existing. We've seen him able to regenerate just from OTHERS being chaotic around him (Fluttershy in the ep Discordant Harmony). However we don't know if he would be able to come back after fully disappearing...   Also.... I haven't watched Gravity Falls, so I don't know a lot about Bill's capabilities aside from what was stated here- but if simply unicorn hair can keep bill out... then wouldn't Equestria be pretty much untouchable imo?? There's unicorns everywhere. Plus, as I've heard, (again I haven't watched GF so... please correct me if I'm wrong) Bill was defeated by simply HUMANS- a universe like MLP's would have a lot more of a chance since it's full of mythical creatures and magic of all kinds, wouldn't it?
9:22; also in the My Little Pony TTRPG, Discord knows every spell imaginable (spells from MLP, D&D, Pathfinder,etc), as well as change any rule he wishes.
15:53  This seals the 'Moral Win for Discord' right here for me. Bill's AFRAID. He knows those flames, and knows how they burn. Ol' Triangle Joe is all over the map in this one, but Discord never really wavered from 'Get this equilaterial idiot away from my peeps and have fun doing it', even to his death/erasure.  Total Chad move, Discord. TOTAL Chad.
I sure hope those giraffe kings get some better help 🙏
Bill vs the lich who win
Ya’ll should do King Kong vs george or King Kong vs titano
The silent details of the progression and direction of Bill's anger from 16:42 to 16:49 is *chef's kiss*
Put in John wick vs. Agent 47
Nice
We need Yujiro Hanma vs All Might
I love Bill cipher but for someone who called himself an all seeing god he should’ve seen that coming
Dealer Discordon
Bill:Wanna make a deal?! Og fans: gets alex and erases him from existence
Am I the only one seeing that actually happening for real in MLP show?
I can't stop seeing this recommended literally everywhere i could care less about this video cause i already know whos gonna win  Edit:called it
Marvels annihilus vs hemans  hordak  Dc mr mixpixle vs marvels impossible man Hyperion vs super man  Piccolo vs ????
Perfect 404 sans vs archie comics sonic
Actual my little pony fans in the chat 💀 and they grown men
The silly dudes! 7:46 So happy you brought up his drinking battle with Sideways!
Dude, when bill said "wanna make a deal?" i said "YEAH" and put my hand out
Suggestion: Black hat (villianous) vs alaster (hazbin hotel)
Wait didn’t this fight already happen before? Am I in a paradox, Hello?
Medusa vs orochimaru(soul eater vs naruto) has to be next
I feel like the more Bill messes with reality the more Discord is empowered giving him an edge the further the battle goes.
Please do Reigen (Mob Psycho) vs King (One Punch man )
Discord could have used 4:57  🦄 unicorn hair plus other ingredients to trap bill  with the barrier in bills dimension he did watch the show 15:48 were it seems unlikely Bill could use elements of harmony (at the very least not nearly as easily)
14:21 A reference to "Green Day".
Ofc bill will won but still respect discord
This is like a lucid dream while in a trip
Wow, honestly the whole time I've thought about Discord vs. Bill in the past, I always assumed Discord would win (having seen both shows in their entirety), but you guys did a damn good job of showing me how he could actually lose. You guys really do your research - this is definitely one of the best death battles I've seen! Great work!
I had no doubt that Bill Cipher would win, but at the same time Discord did too. Discord died, but he did trap Bill in another dimension for all of eternity.
I'm not familiar with these characters but this episode was pure chaos and I loved it! The various art styles were amazing, as were the puppets and Wiz and Boomstick being changed into their voice actors! I also like that the victory came at a cost.
Karai (tmnt) vs Talia al ghul (dc)
13:28
So the battle was won by Cypher but the prize was taken by Discord.
COLE MCGRATH!!!!!! FINALLY!!!!!!
Who else look like to see a fan made series with Bill cipher invading the pony relam?
Nice video
So um? Am I the only one who wants to see Banjoo an Kazooie vs Mario an Yoshi?? 🥺
Okay I got baited by them calling Discord "Dragon Pony" (in an ad)
You see, we are actually trapped in an illusion and they decided to strike a deal behind the scenes. Bill ignores the pony dimension and gets what he wants and Discord gets to go back to relaxing.
G-Man vs Black hat
Discord: "I may have lost the battle ol boy but I won the war!"  Bill: "Damn! You!"
In Alex vs cole Alex can adapt to Cole's lightning and ice making sure cole doesn't have a way to hurt Alex. And Cole can't remove Alex disease generation so Alex can make Cole into a biobomb
Tltr: experience wins.
Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram. 😂😂
Discord is Q. Bill C is a manifestation of the children’s insecurity that they did the optimal summer plans. JUSTICE FOR DISCORD!!
Animation is so cool🥰
Wait… Did Boomstick said having a daughter changes a man?! Wait, does that mean that Boomstick is a dad and sarge is a grandfather?
Death battle Luffy vs Mr. Fantastic
The production in this episode is outstanding!
You cant be serious with this wtf😂😂😂😂
We need golb to fight someone man
Felt like Discord actually won through honorable sacrifice..
Am i the only one who has been askin for sephiroth from final fantasy vs sesshomaru from inuyasha
Will you just do Roronoa Zoro VS Killerbee already!? 😭
I would really like to see a death battle with shirou emiya in it
Thank you Death Battle for respecting and advocating for MLP all these years.
I really want to see plutonian Vs superman or batman
Y’all should do gru vs megamind
“So we’re actually rooting for Bill?” “Let’s be honest we’re rooting against Discord” “What happens when he wins?” “Which one?” “Which one is worse?”
So, what's the backwards speak say?
That animation was INSANE! Ohhh my god how amazing!
The last three Death battle fights have been absolutely perfect and beautiful. Good job guys, you've grown.
cole mcgrath vs alex mercer? i mean only way cole could win is if they go with evil Beast cole.
🫢 yo that upcoming fight bout to be lit
love the green day reference
So I was routing for Discord from the get go, but new more than likely Bill would get the win. But Discord still won in his own right. He saved all of Equestria and his friends. Plus Discord will come back from his quote "death" So Bill won but at what cost. Bill won the battle but Discord won the War!
Did anyone else notice how when Cypher kills the Discord  his Dimension turn into the chaos realm for a couple of seconds
should have added uncle granpa
If you pause it just right there is a pony in the background of the fight with Dippers hat on
guys started doing that
I remember that Bill Cipher was weak against the magic of the unicorn, I'm surprised he won.
I love that this feels more like the end of crossover event rather than a random fight between the two.
Emperor Belos (the owl house) vs Father (fullmetal alchimist)
Do rick sanchez vs bill cipher
Worf (star trek the next generations) vs Teal'c (stargate sg1).
So, you put a being that can never be killed against a being that can. This is Deadpool vs Mask all over again. AKA a pointless fight to pad your channel.
Does anyone know what the reverse speech was when they announced the winner?
Alright I’m gonna explain some of the problems I have with the outcome of this battle .  Spoilers ahead so watch the battle first , because it is well done even if I believe it’s wrong        Alright , on the surface , discord has only been defeated by an all powerful set of magical artifacts that was never shown to lose to anything , and even then it couldn’t kill him , meanwhile bill got killed by a pair of twelve year olds and and old man .    But on to real reasons , bill being weak to unicorn hair should be HUGE in this fight .  Discord is literally from the show most accounted with unicorns .  And if your death battle you’d probably say something like “ well bill broke the barrier made by the unicorn hair”. Yeah through a fair bit of effort bill was able to break through a barrier 1 strand thick .  So that argument would be like saying since a cop can kick down a door he’s immune to all doors and can handle getting slammed with thousands of doors at once .  The other rubuttle I can think of is “that would be outside help “. And not really , discord has access to an entire world of horse hair to use and can magically take it at will as he’s actually done in the show for a game of “pin the tail on the pony “. But even if that’s too far for you , why wouldn’t he just make some ?  Or turn himself into a unicorn if he doesn’t count already ( he is part horse and has a horn)   I also think one of the bigger nails in the coffin was seeing bill fight in the dream realm in gravity falls , where the pine twins and sous were able to overpower bill simply by being more creative than him .  If that’s all it takes then discord should have 0 difficulty doing the same but better .    Discord has also been pretty clearly shown to be a MUCH better manipulator than Bill .  If those personality weaknesses that they showed matter at all Discord would have an immense advantage   Finally and probably most importantly, they glanced over discord being able to erase memories.  That’s literally how bill died in the show , discord has the much easier win condition of trapping bill and erasing him , in his own head if he has too .  He should’ve either manipulated or forced bill in , used rarities mane to trap him there , and then snap his fingers and end it .  Especially if discord has “seen bills show “ like they stated here .  I seriously can’t believe that knowledge didn’t instantly win him the fight .  Meanwhile for bill to win he’d have to deal with discords body . Which he can make many copies of and regenerate, and then go after discords soul which still isn’t easy to hit .  Which if discord didn’t have a wincon , which they kinda imply here , that  would eventually work , but discord does have a wincon and so many opportunities to use it in the meantime I cannot fathom discord losing .    Love both shows and death battle , I even enjoyed most of this episode, I just think they got the victor very very wrong . If you disagree with anything I said I’d love to hear why .  Or if I missed one of discord’s advantages I’d love to hear that too
The PowerPuff Girls '"HIM" vs Adventure Times: "THE LITCH" =
Black Dynamite vs Brock Sampson! Black Dynamite vs Brock Sampson!Black Dynamite vs Brock Sampson!Black Dynamite vs Brock Sampson!Black Dynamite vs Brock Sampson!
I've heard people say that apparently Spike was the one that likely made the deal with Bill, but I honestly thought Discord himself was the reason Bill got to Equestria.  My interpretation was that Bill somehow came in contact with Discord and, with them both being chaotic beings, convinced Discord that they could have a lot of fun together. Discord agrees and brings Bill over, whether it be by making a deal or his own power.  However, upon Weirdmageddon beginning and seeing what Bill does to Equestria and it's inhabitants, Discord quickly realized that their ideas of fun chaos are very different. Discord enjoys the playfulness and silliness of chaos, but Bill enjoys the suffering and torment it can bring.  And upon seeing what Bill did to Fluttershy, Discord decided to finally turn on him and fix his mistake.  I figured this scenario was the reason they were having a conversation at the beginning. I got the sense that Discord was probably working with Bill at first, like what he did with Tirek.  Although as I'm writing this, I've realized that the whole idea falls apart considering how Discord actually knows who Bill is already and therefore would likely never help him enter Equestria knowing full well what Bill would do.
I figured having unicorn hair would null base abilities and the bell would null magic specific which is what bypassed the shacks defenses  Past that figured discord would eventually get bored and remove bills connection to his powers. Ig regen soul is deciding factor tho 🤷‍♂️. Nah fr bills too manipulative for this to have gone any other way. Needed to share my forethought on ability bypass/nullification tho. A fine distinction is his nullification was never used and the only thing to bypass the shack could be protected by a bell.
Good
now do the powerpuff girls : "HIM"
This was alright but...  I cant wait for Cole vs Mercer.
15:10 Whats the name Bill says I can't make out the.last part
Alright that's it, this is going on one of the best death battle episodes list for me absolutely CHAOS but one is chaotic evil and one is chaotic good and it's oh so glorious. I actually loved how the death battle ended too! Death battle don't stop cooking with trying to give more story to these fights and maintain the characters personalities. Top tier death battle right here the ending is seriously my current favorite ending to any death battle it allows both characters to have their own win. Bill wins the battle and discord wins the war
Anyone know what the cipher at 1:48 is, I tried caeser because you know, gravity falls, but it came out as gibberish
I loved it! Discord was awesome doing what he did to save his friends. Wasn’t sure how epic this would be as I’m not too familiar with the characters
Day 1 of asking death battle to do wang ling vs anti spiral
Y’all gotta do yujiro Hanma or Baki vs somebody
Bill Cipher is the main villain of Disney.
Jake the dog vs plastic man
These are the two strongest combatants in Deathbattle
Can you guys please for the love of god do the battle we all would love to see and end the debate once and for all   Tom vs Toby vs Andrew  who is the best spider-man that would be awesome. My money is on Toby
Okay now I'm curious to see... what would happen if Bill Cipher were to fight Spongebob or Popeye?
geralt vs trevor belmont.... needs to happen..
Amazing !!
Bill Cipher won...    on Discord's terms. lol
Spoiler Warning! . . . Bill got the kill, but did he really win?
I Want to see bill cipher vs the mask.
They gotta do destiny 2 some day
Love the episode, slightly disappointed on the outcome. Understand why though. Honestly, it could’ve gone either way, but Bill cipher definitely had slightly more on the table. Love the discord had the last laugh though.
To all my fellow MLP fans, Discord is my favorite character from MLP FiM  andI know it's a bummer seeing Discord lose this but I would have to ask, did he really? Sure, Bill destroyed him, but Discord accomplished what he set out to do which was get Bill out of Equestria. I think this wasn't just a random decision from the DB team as if you think about, beacause Discord can literally just come back later, this fight techincally would never end if Bill hadn't been booted out of Equestria because the time it takes Discord to reform is irrelivent seeing as he can time travel. So of of course, Discord would focus his efforts on getting Bill out first and formost so he could fix Equestria. So even though Discord likely could tell he was in a losing fight at some point, he never was worried about it because he knew he could use Bill's tunnle vision to focuse on trying to kill Discord, so that Discord could get him out of his universe. And now he's free to go back to the mane 6 ( mainly Fluttershy ) once he reforms cause again the time it takes to reform is irrelivent due to his ability to time travel. So I say bravo DB, that was an awesome fight!
Actual battle starts at 13:27
Honestly this might be the best death battle You guys have ever created, The animation and the character work was spot-on. It actually makes me want to watch Gravity Falls now, but I'm calling this now this is definitely the best death battle you guys have ever produced. And I like how overall there wasn't a clear-cut winner. Discord did die but Bill got outwitted by another God. Great work guys🎉🎉
How about you make a death battle about ( rivet and kit from ratchet and clank rift apart vs Amy rose and rouge from sonic the hedgehog ) but please make rivet and kit win.
Cole is going to stomp here, no cap. Calling it now, the dude that can literally summon a lightning storm at will is better than a bootleg carnage
This is the best episode since Goku vs Superman. Everything was great, their analysis, cutaways, the conclusion, and the fight from the intro to Discord throwing the first pie to the reality flipping to the Dorito being eaten, the changes in animation style, the action figure battle, Discord invading Bill’s mind, Bill literally reaching in to pull him out, and Discord’s sacrifice to save everyone he cared about not mention Bill attempting to make a deal with one of use I mean who would be dum enough to take that deal. I CAN LIST SEVERAL PEOPLE BUSTER! Wait how did that get their?!
The song is cool What is it
I’m a of MLP: FiM and Gravity Falls an I’ve got to say, this is the best way you could’ve done this matchup. I did predict that Discord would win and Bill would lose but honestly I’m glad I was disproven. This is definitely in my top 3 favorite episodes great job to everyone who worked on this! Hope to see even more great episodes!
Let's see Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Spiderman vs Miles Morales
What he say 😮
they foreshadowed what was going to happen to Bill the entire series. look at Stan's fez. it looks like a fish eating a dot, right? rotate it 90 degrees to the left...
I wanna see Gandalf vs Dumbledore
Here we have it folks I didn’t know if it was possible but they did it they finally beat Solid Snake vs Sam Fisher for best death battle. All I took was them to break the fourth wall more times than I could count and bend reality to the point of collapse but it has been done Bravo 👏
Honestly thought discord was gonna win when they mentioned the unicorn hair weakness.
Did Discord really lose though? He lost the fight, yes. But he had the last laugh.
Now that.... was very fun to watch, and pretty accurate as well. And you're right Boomstick, Fluttershy is best pony
Discord succeeded where Black Adam failed. Both of them lost, but one at least was able to defend his home; the other was unable to do so.
Finally infamous versus prototype this is going to be amazing
Venom Snake Vs. Brock Samson!!!!
Pero que Discord no era un concepto? Osea que mientras exista la discordia va a seguir existiendo y por ende revivirá. O así actuan otras deidades que vi en otras series, o no puede? Ni idea no me vi MLP
Bill said something backwards at the end when he was announced the winner. Did anyone catch what he said?
First Death Battle that was actually enjoyable in a long time lol
My Top 3 Picks: 1. Luffy vs. Plastic Man. 2. Galactus vs. Unicron. 3. Luke Cage vs. Black Dynamite.
Gonna be completely honest who expected this😂😂😂😂
Okay. Hear me out. The Demon Slayer (Demon’s Souls) vs The Chosen Undead (Dark Souls) vs The Cursed Undead (Dark Souls 2) vs The Hunter (Bloodborne) vs The Ashen One (Dark Souls 3) vs The Tarnished (Elden Ring)  A true fight of the ages, a fight where player input is barely needed and can lead to sick references to bosses and the awkward moment when they all take out their Moonlight Greatswords
Can yall do Monika (DDLC) vs Mr. Anderson (Matrix)
Bill used domain extension 😂
Could someone please translate the backwards message at the end?
I'll never acknowledge Bill as anything more than a cheap rip-off of Yung Venuz
What did bill say in reverse at the end?
Can we have a Legolas vs Hawkeye or Legolas vs Green arrow death battle?
Was that All Might in the beginning?! Do they know they know that 1/3 of MHA death battle characters die?
Make these commentators Death Battle eachother
Bill got played like a game of connect four ngl
I LOVE THIS EPISODE. The "I am an all-seeing god" line was SO COLD, OMG
Pain vs painbot.
epic
Anyone else notice the Bendy flower and Cuphead fightin a flower in the black and white scene?
Death battle can you do a black priest doctor strange vs toba hulk death battle please also keep up the good work you guys are awesome.
sacrificing himself to save his reality and his one solitary friend? wow!!!!!!!!!!, did I see that one coming? I didn't, I clearly didn't.
If I had a nickel for every time Bill Cipher got screwed over by some old jerk sacrificing themselves for their loved ones, I would have two nickels. Which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice.
jeepers creepers vs Pumpkinhead
This right here is the SpongeBob vs Aquaman of season 10 the episode that’s so much better than every other episode despite the fact that the season as a whole is amazing it’s kind of ridiculous
The Mask v.s. Bill Cipher
I can't say I'm happy Discord lost (my avatar should be proof of that), but I'm happy with the /way/ he lost... screwing over the bad guy.  Besides... we all know he'll be back. ;)
This was when Discord sacraficed himself to save his world and friends. And for Bill, it was just a Tuesday conquering other worlds having weird experiences.
Can you do Ben 10 Vs Danny Phantom Remastered please 🙏🙏🙏🙏
10:30 the best part I don't need to see anything else
It's scary how on character you all stayed with this one.  Scary in a good way. SCARE ME MORE.
In a way, Discord did win.
This was super entertaining, well done.
I though discord won , can someone explain please?
Discord said he's seen his show but didn't cover Bill in unicorn hair even as a troll.
Ok, awesome battle as usual, but the ultimate death battle question, Wis vs Boomstick?
Ok, I got a good idea for a death battle, let me set the scene...                                  It's a peaceful day in Agrabah. Aladdin, Jasmine, Abu, Iago, and Genie having party to celebrate the defeat of Jafer. But suddenly, out the window, they see a camel with wings, Aladdin and his friends rush outside to see everything's gone topsy-turvey, they see buildings floating, humongous food crash people, it's pure chaos. Then, a weird chaotic monster, it's Discord! Aladdin and Abu try to attack Discord, but Discord just snaps is fingers turning Abu into a toy, turning into Aladdin into a piece of beard, turning Jasmine into a gold bar, and turning Iago into a pillow, Genie gets angry and puts his fits up, ready for a fight. Discord laughs, seeing Genie as a fool, but gets ready for a fight anyway. IT'S GENIE VS DISCORD!!!
This may just be one of my favorite death battles to date. Especially with that ending
The last 5 min was like "The F**k" 😂😂
Now I understand why bill back to his home, puppet discord snap his finger and when back to normal but this is just hallucination and bill didn’t even know
Organization XIII vs. Akatsuki
We keed a death battle of boomsick Vs Wizard
This was such a fun battle and a great episode. Thanks, guys. ☺️  Also, Rick Sanchez vs. Korvo Opposites
Should've put Rick Sanchez in this & made it a Triple threat. Love to see what his 4th Wall Breaking Abilities could do.
I want to know what bill said at the end he takes in backward talk
the face of the ponys make me mad , ill sacrifice my life Bill :troll:
Hey can you do Skipper versus Perry police my little brother wants you to do that bad
You guys got to do a john constantine verse somebody
Sans vs Silver the hedgehog
was that bendy
14:42 one chip challenge in a nutshell
Baki and Yujiro Hanma vs Heihachi and Kazuya Mishima. Tag Team rules
Friendly reminder that judging by everything we've seen in Death Battle canon, Wizz and Boomstick are somehow have control over all of these entities they put into Death Battle, no matter how catastrophically powerful said entities are.  Makes me wonder exactly how powerful "Death Battle" is...
Thanks for spoiling it comments
Best episode yet
Wait if u use the time that bill regenerated in the mindscape to say that he can regenerate spiritually then wouldn’t Stan also have the power to heal the soul since he did that to dipper
I actually think the bell COULD have worked, or at least should have been attempted. It works different than the unicorn hair, it absorbs magic rather than repelling it.
Anyone else think there should be a death battle between wiz and boomstick considering they have shown to have gadgets and powers they can just randomly use. then again one would die so mabey that's why it doesn't exist😂
Wow, this is actually amazing. Really interesting the deciding factor was their personalities instead of the slight difference in abilities.
Can someone explain did he truly lose ?
Honestly considering how powerful he is he has the right to that big of a head
Hmm the deal he offered seemed pretty enticing tho 👀
Can y'all do Steven vs finn like if you agree 👍💯
The Lich someday maybe
Ok but I need that music instrumental tho
Goku solos both they verses
I’m convinced cypher still lives I mean he was being studied in Rick and morty and Stanford is referenced once or twice….
This was S-tier animation
Can you do a death battle between Ultra man and Zone Fighter or Super Robot Red Baron vs Johnny Sokko’s flying robot?
Why is nobody talking about the hidden message at the end of the video??? THATS FIRE 🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I didnt like Discord at first but much like my best friend i grew to love him. At least he was able to trap Bill AND have the last laugh and Discord knew that.
I think Bill cipher would win even faster
Like what someone else put. Bill won the battle but Discord won the war. Basically sending Bill back to where he started without him noticing. Overall I don’t think Discord would have won as he’s typically goalless and wanting to produce chaos. At most he wanted to save his friends primarily Fluttershy, and if that meant his death he probably would have been fine with it. Likewise I doubt Discord would have left things at a true beginning for Bill. Most likely he’s got warnings about Bill and what will happen if they let him out. Mostly just remembering how Discords seemingly silly or random actions can later be a problem. Like the seeds he once ate turned out to be an issue later on. Among other things. Actual MLP fans would probably know more. The seeds are the one thing I remember.
Cringe
Live long and prosper, Discord
Can we get Mogo The Living Planet Vs  Ego The Living Planet
Correction at 7:09 Celestia and Luna are not twins. Celestia is older than Luna, but it's unclear by how much. Considering they're both at minimum 1000 years old, it would have to be a significant age gap to matter.
bill vs the mask
Altho i still disagree with the conclusion, this battle was in my opinion the best one yet. And the final scene makes Discord losing kinda worth it.
Discord can alter reality, bill cypher struggles to enter it. Simple.
Doom slayer vs Kratos
Wow. I was coming here to ask if Dr. William Birkin from the Resident Evil franchise had enough information to be a valid fighter, but DAMN! No sane mind could've been prepared for this, nor how close Discord was to winning (as indicated by Bill's soul glitching out like in the finale). I'm not sure whether to gush about this episode's saturated passion, make my case for Birkin vs, I don't know, Deoxys or something, or muse on how Macgrath vs Mercer might look at first blush (I'm guessing Cole since Alex's powers extend his biomass, including its own nerves to fry), so I'm just going to leave things here.
No speed ×2 😊
Stop it with all these heartbreaking deaths bruh
How is it that we don’t have a Bart Simpson versus Dennis the Menace death battle yet?
I SUBMITTED THIS YEARS AGO😮  it’s sooo awesome that it’s finally here!!🎉🎉
What?
14:26   Who's 2 pony OC's is that?
Let's get it Bill
Nice
!!!Riddick VS the predator!!!
OHHH so bill did win but got tricked (again) and is trapped in the nightmare ream
bill won short term but lost long term
Both interdimensional beings who caused chaos.
Gonna say this now at 2:30, Bill has it. I like MLP. But I’m not blind to facts. Discord can be stopped. Bill almost can’t.
Goddam I did not expect to be a little sad at the end of a death battle but props to discord he probably knew he wouldn’t win in the end so instead he fucked over bill
14:58 Puppet Fight
We are almost at 1Million views. It needs to happen TODAY folks!
I'm not sure if it count. But Bewitching Bell should work in different way then shown in the show. I assume it could be related to change im the studio during finale (aka Hasbro suck). As we may recall Grogar was "father of demons". This name actually refer to power of the bell. Bewitching bell was bewitching. It actually manipulated emotions of magical being what hear its ring. What may not be obvious from the show. But in G1 Grogar was actually a King of Unicorns! He subjugated unicorns, manipulating they magic (not in direct sense, as draining magic was skill of Tirek, who maybe did tampered with the bell? Maybe?). But Gusty the Brave overcome dark emotions of Grogar and ring the bell, restoring the balance and releasing Shadow entity he controlled. Where is where true danger of Bell is. While bell itself is only useful gadget, Grogar coincidentally attuned to his emotions powerful shadow entity capable of warping reality. It is with power of his Shadow, he was capable to turn magic being into titular demons. Most notably Sable Spirit, Daybreaker and Nightmare Moon. Ring of bell by evil being, could revert Alicorn princes into old selves. My personal guess is that show creators planes Midnight Sparkle to be final boss if the series. Where main 6 must overcome won weakens, without support of Element Transfer Spell and reach they friend.  But Hasbro suck, so we ended with mediocre finale. As they decided to move studio during production, firing critical staff.
Unexpectedly became top 3 death battle
satisfying to see a my little pony character being destroyed by bill
Damn, the Battle I was least hyped for ended up being the best of the season so far, this was so cool
If bill cipher didn’t hold back he would no diff most verses
Best Death Battle in years
im sorry who is fighting?
We actually know where Bill reincarnated. Hint hint aka the SPOILER. Stanley Pain, didn't actually have brother! If you pay attention to the show, Grunkle Stan behavior is identical as behavior of the Bill.
Lessgo bill I knew he was gonna win discord aint strong enough to take on the illuminatis cousin
Oh my God the next I have been waiting for years
I love how Discord simultaneously won and lost.
Does anyone know what bill said at the end of the episode?
Should've been cole mcgrathnvs starkiller.  And alex mercer vs venom.
Each new death battle episode is getting better
i hate gravity falls bill is a demon but sense he is kind of goofy there alloud to mutalate people on screen and the show is nasty and mable does drugs
Man that's crazy, but anyways...deal.
Now I remember why I hate this show. I think %90 of the time the one I’m rooting for loses.
Make a video where a cartoon like SpongeBob fights another cartoon
But.... why lol
You guys killed this fight 👏👏👏👏
I love the All-seeing eye ..and I don't even know him 😂
I would like to see them do this Pinhead from Hellraiser vs Freddy Krueger from A Nightmare on Elm Street
Now we just need Aku from Samurai Jack and Him from Powerpuff Girls to throw down to see who is the true unspeakable evil.
That triangle thing guy whatever is pretty crazy....can SpongeBob kick his ass? little pony sucks more ass than Hasbro
You should do a death battle of daredevil versus snake eyes
Anyone who saw Bendy😂
It was obviously that Billy would win what else did you expect?
The part that Bill said in hsilgnE is (when un-reversed), "Reality is an illusion; the universe is a hologram; buy gold; BYYYYYYYYYE!" Doesn't that sound familiar?
I really, really could have done without learning more MLP lore. That could have stayed in its corner of the collective consciousness.
1:37-1:51 Look, I get that the cryptogram there says ''I don't even like chicken wings'' and the key to solve that cryptogram is ''Sephiroth,'', but WHERE did the people get the idea from that they had to use that name as a key? And yes, I'm well aware of Sephiroth vs. Bill Cipher video, to which this cryptogram is a reference to.
I was confused at why Bill called Wiz and Boomstick "boobs" at first, but apparent it's another meaning for "idiots".
I understand why they made bill win, but he only won based on the unfair assumption that discord's spirit cannot regenerate. Even if it could not, there was no need for the battle to go in that direction. Discord is superior to bill because he can travel freely through dimensions, while bill cannot. All he had to do was trap bill like he did at the end, leave the dimension and destroy it to win. But either way, discord will probably come back to life, seeing as he is the eternal spirit of chaos, so, some consolation.
Does this mean Discord brought back Twilight back to life?
He didn't even have to invoke the power of the Axolotl in this battle 💀
one more time for those who don't get the concept of soul being destroyed. He can only reform if his souls intact erasing a soul means that you is gone from reality even if something brought back with your memories and body its not you just a clone like mirror and all the pinky clones all of them were her in a sense and all them could die but each one was its own pone and wanted to live as much as the others. discord soul is dead that means he cant be reform just another god of chaos created that can read the past and act like the one who died. So if you guys are thinking discords coming back he's not no one even bill is completely immortal in these shows they all have points in which they can be ether completely sealed or destroyed that the main characters can exploit. If discord could just reform when he lost his powers and flutter was in danger he woulda just offed himself reformed his soul and regained his chaotic energy. He can not come back from nothing just a new husk is formed with a clone soul and memories. It is not discord but a chaotic made clone to maintain the order of chaos that discord keeps in check.
Discord won in my book.
Truly terrifying
Please do white diamond vs bill cipher
Bill won the battle, but discord ultimately won the war.
Do Raiden Tameemon (ror) vs darkshine (opm) please
As an Oregon resident myself, I'd like to think "Gravity Falls, Oregon" is based loosely (or at least cartoonishly) on the real-life Klamath Falls, Oregon. K-Falls is likewise out there in the midst of a bunch of trees far away from everything and everyone, and attracts a lot more weirdos than its modest population and relative isolation ought to warrant. Fun/odd stuff all around!
Bill might have won the battle but discord screwed him over regardless now bill is gonna have to wait a long time and hope someone stupid enough to free him comes along and makes a deal
Discord lost but he didn’t cause bill trapped again
"Bill can be as fast, as he damm well pleases"  literally struggle to catch two Children who running away from him lol!
Tired of asking: ed edd & eddy vs Animaniacs: Warner Bros & Sister (Dot)
Nobody, LITERALLY NOBOBY, asked for this fight
Day three of watching this episode 5times per day minimum
Mary Poppins vs pennywise......
Makes me sad that if the owl house hasnt ended the collector may have been in this show as well
Please make a video on Batman vs Homelander
Thank y'all so much for how you treated Discord. I thought he was going to get stomped, but I'm glad I was wrong!
I knew bill won lmao 😂bro just can’t die 💀
I’m still waiting for Luigi vs Tails on the 200th episode of DEATH BATTLE!
Bro please just make Sasuke vs candice (Bleach)
Wow.  That was more than just a Death Battle.  This has to be one of the Best MLP crossover fanfictions I've seen.  XD  Bill Cipher won the battle, but he lost the War that actually mattered in the narrative.  And though sad, it was a nice completion to Discord's character arc.    And all those wild animations were incredible too!  In other words, just an AWESOME video.  :)
1:40  Of course there's a hidden code, why wouldn't there be?
Sadly 😔, Bill Cipher may have won the battle of death, but Discord, lord of chaos & disharmony still won the war,if it was a honor, sacrifice, or the only way, it was still a good choice in order to protect his Equastrian home, and his friends including his beloved Fluttershy, so the true victor/winner 🏆 is actually Discord, right Wiz & Boomstick?
Do Boruto vs Tanjiro
How about Yennifer (Witcher Franchise) Vs. The Scarlet Witch (Marvel)
Best episode of the season, they’re never making a better episode this season
How is this a battle? Bill is casually planetary if low balled and has reality warping powers that can one shot most characters. Bill solos much stronger verses the mlp verse would be a victim to bill.
10:35 for the first time ever in my long time watching this series, I legit cracked up laughing.
Notice when Discord snap at the puppet dimension Bill is actually back at his nightmare realm (you can see the X turned from red to blue at 15:33)
4:10 Anyone got a translation for that little bit of code at the bottom?
so when do we get Space Ghost in a deathbattle?
Here's an idea: Blue Beetle VS Guyver
Not gon lie i actually feel like discord won this fight.I mean he fr got the last laugh and trapped him in the same demension he been in for trillion of years so he actually just saved the multiverse for a coople trillion more years is even tho he died he legit beated bill cypher in the battle of wits
Amazing visuals!
Kenshin vs yorichi
Only Jesus Christ can save you. For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten son. Whoever shall believe in Him shall have everlasting life and shall not perish.
Cool! I don't know much about either but I know a little more about Discord, so I figured he'd win. The real winner of this Death Battle is the viewer.  👍
I feel Bill had an pyrrhic victory, he did defeat Discord but discord had the last laugh and saved his friends.  I find this more of a draw.
Good video
Hear me out...Street Fighter 6 is hot, and FF7 Ever Crisis just came out. We NEED to know who has the better dive kick!! We need TIFA 🍒VS🍑 CAMMY!!!
Can anyone decrypt the ciphers at 1:37 and 4:07?
Bill reaching into his own eye to grab discord was an animation masterpiece
👍
Crazy how Discord ended up being the hero in this fight saving the ponies from bill even sacrificing himself to keep bill sealed in the nightmare realm
Oh no discord lost but he a master of chaos and disharmony if Bill had no ability discord will rain chaos on bill chipher
HOL' UP?! WHY IS TAI LUNG, PREDATOR, AND SKELETOR HERE?! 1:01
Discord will rain chaos witch bill chipher does not stand a chance
Sans vs The Judge would be an interesting battle as both character are by concept tied to 'the will of the player themselves'. Would that translate to 'the will of the viewers?' would they realise they're in a death battle that needs one of them to die?  It's an interesting one to think about. The Judge knows there is a player puppeting the batter but doesn't know he's in a video game. Sans however does know he's in a video game and can mess with the mechanics.
Why didn't Discord use unicorn hair to beat Bill?
14:50 seems like boomstick's dad is still hanging in there.
This episode was great! Love the animation,  and the ending, a sad yet honorable end for our buddy discord. RIP Discord, He will be missed.
Can’t wait for Alex Mercer vs Cole Macgrath
I wind up enjoying DBs more when I don't know the characters at all/I have no vested interest in who wins.
Clearly the animators (and writers!) had a lot of fun with this one.  Bravo.
I can totally see that their equals, since they're both nigh omnipotent
Can you do Luffy Vs Naruto to put the end of the debate
probably the coolest death battle so far
Omfg this death battle was amazing to watch😮
Welp that is something Discord would definitly do !
You know all that budget went into the socks puppets
Bill may have won the battle but discord actually won the war .who agrees 👇
I don't know but This was one of the coolest DB episodes I've seen in while 😮
I hope this years holloween death battle will be Freddy Kruger vs Pennywise
Wonderful fight yet I have a few things that bother me. 1. Discord was about to disappear because he fought against his nature (in the comic it also became Acord and created an extreme order but never mind) 2. Yes both were equally powerful so I think the bell would have worked. It was able to absorb the powers of Luna, Celestia and Discord so it is possible that it is powerful enough for Bill. 3. Discord is friends with unicorns. For him to get hair should be the easiest thing in the world while Bill is not able to use the elements of harmony. In this point Discord is far ahead and therefore posseses things that are to Bill's disadvantage. But with godlike characters it is difficult.
I just now noticed Bendy was at 14:54
I really hope Alex Hirsch sees this episode.
Okay this is well made They really worked hard to make the cartoon version of discord! 10/10  14:33
Gravity falls and My Little Pony Friendship is Magic is everybody’s all time favourite shows even it’s still popular still today. I would say Discord he’s best villain and character.
Ohhh didn't expect my Infanous vs Prototype nomination to pass
Bill won the fight, but Discord won the war!
List of past and possible future death battle combatants who might stand a chance at defeating bill cipher: 1. Zatanna 2. Raven 3. Spongebob 4. Mask  The fact that this list is so short just shows how dangerous bill cipher is  Feel free to add more names for potencial candidates on the comments.  👇
This is what Luffy gear 5 failed to understand about "Toon Force"
Could y’all do randy Cunningham 9th grade ninja vs someone? Idk any other opponent he should go up against.
I've got some info I calculated for alex mercer if you want a look  Alex has consumed at the lowest 12,254,351.151 as in the first game the lieutenant you kill near the end said there were 100,000 people in the blue zone then the captian says there are 12 million people in the city the exact same city alex took over and in the second there were 10,000 soldiers according to the church priest which is likely the how many were sent before it the city was taken over and at the least 775 gentek scientists being the most likely amount sent to the red zone as well both being the lowest percent and sense he consumed most of red zone aka the same place as prototype 1 he gains their experiences, strength, speed, power and skills and at least 0.01% of the G Zone and Y Zone as both are nearing half the actual size of the red zone though would not likely have to have the same population count as the red zone is new york I'm also mercer consumes another 2,402.151 people taking a guess that he consumed people in them as he would to get to his targets in both zones giving him plus 15 from the guys who were destroying the village 11 for the guy and his crew in his trip to africa along with at least 7 for the gang who tried to to take the home mercer was staying at along with another 3 for the owner of the land his daughter and the guy he consumed for the fake writer persona in the comic at least 4 for people hunting him over the two year time skip along with the eight evolved and 3-4 or 7 more for others who tried to betray him as not everybody followed him as there were people like heller and the idiotic self worshiping woman along with a at the extreme least of 30 consumed people each(as they would not think of fighting him with anything lower even if they were extremely good as a team plus) +3 for their own lives the other 8 he consumes at the end and the least 5 people all of them consume and another + 8 for them + the 1000 men at the end of the first game he said he was able to hear + a extremely low 1-2 as i doubt he knew how many voices there actually were and sense he had consumed elizabeth green who had infected 81% of the 12 million people and had the hive mind link giving her all the people infected's memories meaning she had 9.72 million people's memories and saying they are all 18 years old the lowest alex is at with all this is would be 395,538,320.718/395,538,320 years of knowledge, battle tactics, skills and experience and this is everything severely nerfed with age and numbers as most and absolutly the black watch agents gentek scientist and many of the soldiers were over 18 years old though there might be exceptions though if they were all 45 the years would be 988,845,801.795/988,845,801 and if age average of 30 is used alex would be 659,230,534.53/659,230,534 years old. the is the amount of people's strength speed durability as well not just experience and knowledge so mercer's punch would be equal to 4,411,566,360 pounds of force if you take away the 0.151 then times the people by the low average human strength of 360 pounds of force and the speed of a normal man is 13k/h and considering most people he ate were male the speed he would likely be at is 159,306,563k/m also none of these are counting the super human factor of the other guys who are 100-100,000 times faster and stronger than a human.
I am so glad just to see Discord finally the way we never got to in the show. I always wanted Discord to lay the smackdown on Tirek instead of Twilight. And we only ever got to see kinda silly fights for the most part in the show. So to see the playfully malicious side of Discord was such a treat! (and finally a mlp fim fight that doesn't make me cringe that they "won". I may be a brony, but if it don't make sense, I dun liek it). Kinda makes me wonder how the fight woulda gone had Discord not had to worry about his friends, though it most likely woulda still been Bill's win.
So how do I accept Bill's deal?
Did they get actual voice actors for this?
Hay fellas who do you think would win in a fight kratos from god of war 3 or doom slayer from doom eternal, reply to this comment and share your opinions 👇
8:20, are we really just gonna gloss over the fact that Boomstick just confirmed he’s a dad now, when did this happen?
Wait, Discord is voiced by John De Lancie, isn't that Q from Star Trek?  Edit: After pressing play I freakin see his face.
This fight was so incredibly made
My guy. Youre the first comment. Go away with your apoilers you dog water human .
The worst insult you can do is sully your opponent’s victory.   Discord wins bonus points.
when will we see a master chief/ Doom Slayer rematch ?
This was so close i though bill lost until he said ko, i thought discord teleported out and it was a draw
until the end of the explanation I thought discord had in fact won.
Reality dont have meaning 💀
I really love how faithful this fight is to both characters and the references and just how chaotic and weird this fight is which is true to both characters I especially love how discord place 4d chees and tried to erase bill how bill got defeated in the show and I really love how the battle is set in equestria and how it starts of I especially love the ending scene with bill and.  And I love how this battle went on I was on the edge of my seat not knowing who would win especially when discord tried to erase bill and bill was clearly struggling     And for my final thoughts This is a really nice battle and ending for both characters which showcases there strengths and weaknesses and it's also nice knowing discord isn't fully dead since he will eventually reform and that he is the ultimate winner here while this battle being still in character for both characters and I really loved the sprites and voices for both characters and the music is killer
So, he did not die forever (as he will eventually come to exist again, even if it takes eons), and he did actually save everyone and trample over Bill's win and plans? Well, he may have lost the battle but, for me, Discord won the war
That one part when bill reaches inside his own face. Damn that was cool.
No, thanks for the offer Bill.
Bill may won, but Discord protect the MLP world and that would be won... The result is stalemate: Bill kills him and Discord stopped him from entering other world like MLP universe...
Wait-that note...Discord was writing it at the beginning...  He knew he'd lose from the start. That note was a farewell and explanation of what happened.  Damn.
Great video, well done
Oh, so you guys actually buy the multiversal Bill bs? How does Bill scale to the rift?
Oh I've been waiting for this next battle for a long long time
I though this was the rap battle between bill and discord xd
Heeeeeey Cole MacGrath vs Alex Mercer🔥🔥🔥
I disagree .  Still a fun episode tho
So in a weird & rather chaotic twist, Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war. How amusingly poetic & fittingly accurate.
thes ith a win con i ded not expect
What was Bill saying at the end before the credits
I wanna see goku fight gurren laggan
After cole vs alex, i think you guys should do goku vs sonic. If you did vegeta vs shadow and trunks vs silver, I think it's fair that you guys do goku vs sonic
The skits are getting better and better 😂
Nice it's so amazing
Discord is part Q
16:28 For an All Seeing God, he sure didn't see that one coming
He died laughing and actually trolled Bill to cosmic proportions.
The animation is outstanding.  Bravo.
Ains Ol Goan vs John Constantine
ALEX！ALEX！ALEX！ALEX！ALEX！
Even Bill, when confined by the borders of Gravity Falls, limiting his power, could beat Discord at most mid diff.
Everyone saying Discord won the war but in reality he won the battle and lost the war as bill is immortal and very patient, you don't become 1,000,000,000,000 years old for nothing.
i bet discord will come back for a rematch like goku and like deadpool
Can anyone tell me what bill says at the end 19:24
What did Bill say in the end?
Bill cipher is scary in gravity falls
so are reallity warpers is more powerful than toon force users
YES!!! COLE MCGRATH!!! I BEEN WAITING FOR YEARS
I can't believe I'm watching a DEATH BATTLE episode with Gravity Falls and My Little Pony, but here we are, I guess.
Suggestion for a death between faker 404(from alphatale/alphaverse) and scarlet king(from the scp foundation)
I would like to see a death battle with Dr. Doom vs Vegeta
Let’s be honest. This Death Battle will always be In the top 10, possibly even top 5 Death Battles of all time.
My boy Bill cipher won yess!! Now i wonder how he'll get out of this scenario
You should do a death battle my grandpa's balls vs chlamydia (he lost)
Voice acting work is once again top notch.
Bill wins and gets to continue his lonely existence feared and despised by every living thing. Discord loses, but saves everyone he loves, screws over his killer, and is remembered as a hero forevermore.   That sounds like exactly the kind of death Discord would want.
Not only was that imo the best death battle ever, but that soundtrack just went so hard. Everyone absolutely killed it this battle
Bill need help to make portal to other dimension, when Discord can do it with a snap. He can travel easly thru space, time, shows. His power only once showed any kind of limit, and it was only because Tirek can't use chaos magic.
So wait, Bill won but got re-trapped? I got thrown for a loop because I thought he lost with the way that was presented.
I genuinely thought Discord won at first on account of successfully trapping Bill, with the logic that neither could truly kill the other so Discord went with the next best option.  That said, the animation, music, and one-liners for this fight were all amazing, with the animation especially being a royal feast for the eyes!
I'm not sure I buy the idea of Bill being able to see all the futures.  The entire point of the finale was that Bill needed information Ford had, and had no other way to get it except Ford giving it to him.  That means he can't read all possible futures, otherwise he would have easily known how to undo the Weirdness Barrier around Gravity Falls.
As Discord you can take power from Bill by using bell, stop him using unicorn hair (yes he know couple of unicorns 😊), banished him to other dimension or just change fabric of reality to finally kill him. You can't win in fight with Discord with just brute force. You need pure heart, or artefact which immitates it, or exploit his fillings.
I think Bill was reincarnated somewhere in Rick & Morty. Without his memory which can be restored just like Stan, and I think we’ve already seen Bill multiple times in Rick & Morty
Alright, now we should have Mr Mxyzptlk vs Q and the winner of that faces the winner of this.
Nah Discord won that. Bill might’ve killed him, but he got fully humiliated
Honestly I think discord should have won.but this is by far one of the best episodes of death battle period.and the ending is fantastically satisfying
What do you need to stop Bill Cypher? Circle made from unicorn hair. To stop Discord you need two of the most powerfull Alicorns knewn to ponykind bearing the best possibile artefact. This fight will cause a lot of chaos, which will give more and more magic to Discord. And what is source of Bill's magic? Deals? He could only rule over one village, and his power was stoped by every single spell. He is weak, and can be harmfull Only in world without of magic.
I love how accurate each character is. The voice work is great, but the writing is on point too. Little things, like Discord opening the fight with a parody of Twilight's letters or Bill losing his temper when things aren't going his way, just made it more entertaining. Though I hoped Discord could pull it off in the end, it made sense that Bill would be the victor. But the reveal that Discord was sacrificing himself for everyone else, made him into a hero. And, in my opinion, the true winner of the fight.
Isn't Bill's homeworld is 2nd dimension that he destroyed?
Bill may have won the fight…but he was sent back to square one. Knowing him though he definitely will get to another dimension eventually
My thoughts on what the note said.  "Dear Princess Celestia,  Today, Bill Cipher learned an important lesson about friendship. He learned that friendship is sometimes the strongest thing in life, a motive to truly push forward for others. Even if what you must do will hurt them in the moment, sometimes it's that hurt for their betterment that is needed. I say this as a farewell, a hope that we once again meet. And to Fluttershy, thank you for being my friend.  - Love, Discord."
19:25 what did bill say here?
Black Hat and Lich victims
Meh really feel like Alex Mercer vs Carnage would be a cooler fight where it would come down to the subatomic level on who assimilates who but happy to see him nevertheless.
Gooood. Good Bill. That’s one less loose end. Now do us all a favor and finish them off.
Of course the guy from MLP has the name “Discord” I should expect nothing less.
Victor Von Helsing Vs Geralt of Rivia
Love the greenday easter egg. Plus the singer of greenday is Billy Armstrong is such a cool reference too.
I absolutely love this video. The music down to the fight scenes are absolutely great.
Here is a list of all Bill's powers I can think of:  Immortality Nigh-omnipotence Nigh-omniscience Nigh-omnipresence Genius-Level Intellect Invisibility Flight Chronokinesis Parafrosynikinesis Voice mimicry Possession Supernatural powers World manipulation Madness inducement Hydrokinesis Mind walking Mental manipulation Animation Materiokinesis Alternate universe travel Hypokinesis Clairvoyance Dimensional awareness Illusion manipulation Laser manipulation Molecular manipulation Oneirokinesis Fourth wall awareness Soul removal Time and space distortion Electrokinesis Energy projection Replication Object creation Nightmare inducement Hypnosis Apportation Geokinesis Terrakinesis Materialization and de-materialization Biokinesis Reality corruption Duplication Necromancy Umbrakinesis Pestilence creation Intangibility Elasticity Petrification Deflection Atmokinesis Chorokinesis Weirdness inducement Limb expansion Energy beam emission Optic blasts Fantasy world creation Chain creation Dream materialization Fortress creation Light vision Thought manifestation Anger empowerment Logic manipulation Life Creation Reality warping immunity Universe/dimension/ world creation Temporal protection  Contract bestowal Astral projection Psychological torture Superhuman resistance Wish granting Aero kinesis Thermokinesis Weather alteration Levitation Dream walking Teleportation Pyrokinesis Shapeshiftingg Telekinesis Sancti-pyrokinesis Advanced pyrokinesis Dimensiokinesis Regeneration Size-shifting Reality-warping Advancedcytokinesiss Mastery of intimidation Mastery of manipulation Trickery Mental projection Deception Telepathy  That's all I search for.
Death transformers unacion vs maral Galactic
Karios Fateweaver vs twilight
Bill Cipher vs Starecrown's
A small detail that a lot of people probably missed: from 15:13 onward you can tell that it wasn’t the same dimension because the background looks different, this is when discord saved equestria and transported bill back to  his home
EZIO AUDITORE VS JIN SAKAI
This brings a smile to my face
Best death battle episode
Can y'all do baking v.s ohma
And also lol i love the bendy easter egg
Why did they say bill won he literally
ate we not gonna talk about how bill broke the 4th walll 💀💀💀
14:57 It’s the Death Battle Puppet Show, with our very special guest stars, Bill Cipher and Discord. YAAAAAY!
hope there is going to be an alternate
Bill Cyper won!?
Always leave em laughing.   Victory to Bill.   Bonus points to Discord.
taskmaster vs garou????
And as you can see from my profile picture, I am a Bill Cipher Fan and I was hoping he would Win!!!!! I love Discord,  but I am Team Bill Cipher throughout the Multiverse!!!!!!
I gotta admit, i thought this waa going to be another one of those episodes thats a little silly and quickly forgettable...  But i forgot how absolutely awful Bill could be. Heh. Well done!
I can't wait for the next battle!!!!! This is going to be sick!!!!!!
Am I the only one who saw Bendy, Cuphead, or Kool aid man vs macho man when Bill and Discord crossed universes?
Regulus de leo vs Gohan
The Mask vs discord
Guys, I think Cuphead Vs Bendy, my favorite DBX, was confirmed in this… at least I hope
14:35 Not gonna lie. I honestly thought Bill _knew_ he was going to get eaten and tried turning himself into one of those "one chip challenge" chips to try and screw Discord over.
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord basically won the war.
I have an idea for a Halloween death battle you guys finally did slasher but can you do this Jack the ripper vs the Zodiac killer two killer's who have a lot of similarities but can you guys do these two killers who were real
This animation is going to be insane between these two cartoon characters
While I am fine with Bill vs Discord I figured this was one of those tie matches. I understand the reasoning I still do not think Bill can kill Discord since in his own cannon nothing was able to effectively end Discord and the only instance was when Discord went against his nature and was going to stop existing since he was no longer chaotic. Dying  and ceasing are very different and having one be a reason for the other is a stretch. Still I did like the get back by Discord.
What did Bill say at the end after they announced he won?
Stanford Pines...a multiverse hopping genius scientist...we need a 3 way DB between him, Rick, and Professor Paradox from Ben 10
Please do a death battle with the call of duty black ops primis crew tank dempsey ,nikolia,richtofen,takeo vs Left4dead1 crew
I wish Boomstick would've said "It's time for a chaos battleeeeeeeeeeee!!" edit: (i know i am waaaaaaaaaaaaay to late for this) the soundtrack perfect👌
Ok who is gonna reverse the audio and tell me what bill said
What's the music at the end
18:48 I don’t diss agree with that logic but I think this was a bad example to show it because with context. This scene doesn’t fit that argument    Not only did Star Light not actually attack Discord. He intentionally annoyed her because he wanted her to get pissed off and fire back at him. Highly recommend MLP, it’s a lot of fun
Idk how many people noticed this but   Discord does everything in his power to piss off Bill because although he knows that a bloodthirsty Bill Cipher will kill him he also knows that a bloodthirsty Bill will also get tunnel vision and that Equestria will live on  Right from the start Discord knew he was gonna die but still fought regardless
The logic of all these little ponies commenting how "Discord actually won" is more entertaining than the death battle itself lmao
Voice acting was STELLAR!  I actually thought that was Alex himself.  Great job John Patneaude
please do bill vs mister mxyzptlk.
So… absolutely no one is going to bring up the fact that discord is from a dimension of unicorns or did I miss something? He could’ve went back to ponyville asked Rarity for a loc and blew it in ya boys eye.
heres a proposition, Makarov from Fairy Tail vs Whitebeard from One Piece
AS A BRONY I APPROVE OF THIS VIDEO!!! 6:58 THE GOD OF CHAOS!!!
Discord 100 is MVP
I feel like they were so evenly matched even the winner technically lost. Like at the end of the video I was a little confused who lost
Love the reference to the Tumblr Sexyman poll in Bill’s description. Still wild that Ingo got 3rd place, but we all should’ve known Sans would’ve won.
We don't see it now. But one day... death battle.... will end. I predict it will be wiz vs boomstick
Considering discords time is properly back to normal I’m saying he won
"Enjoy your just deserts!" *Rimshot*  As a purveyor of puns I chuckled at that
Next battle on the 25?!? What a nice bday present!!
Bill Cipher or Discord or both vs Azathoth
Fight at 13:25
Idk; I still think Discord won, I mean would you rather be in prison or dead? At least being dead doesn't mean you're in prison anymore.
I guessed who would win correctly but not that conclusion.
Now do Deadpool vs Bill Cypher
i want a death battle Yujiro Hanma vs Garou
Well this is the new best episode. Hands down.
In the beginning of the battle bill said it took a lot of glue where did bill even find glue
Tbh, Bill won the fight, but by all accounts Discord won the war, he saved his world and got Bill trapped. Pretty accurate to how he is in the show
I wish they did arceus vs omnimon
Bill may have won the battle but Discord won the war. RIP Discord🫡🥺
I’m a big infamous fan ever since 2009 when it came out coles got this in the bag
I have a good death battle sonic exe vs red
I have not watched either series but this is the best Death Battle to date. The attention to detail throughout the whole episode, the portrayal of both characters, the music, and possibly the best ending to a fight. This is why I love Death Battle.
Wow.. I'm stunned. The animation on this was amazing. You guys keep getting better and better!
I took the liberty of writing down almost all of the codes I saw in the video (skipping over some illegible ones), but I was only able to translate one of them because it was Atbash. The others might be Vigenere or Polybius, and I don't have the code. Discordant Decipher: JpavhojFskypld Background: A hdu'b vjxu dmzl kkywvrwr lpvxg  Names: AledlaJacOksrTf InglGiuakVbmi Cclxxooebkr rooUamM bMu ama4xevx KFM4 uiNab ysliKng fma03mltnAa ursauVnseu J062457s mM wGnile GyNeus agahT Tewin Sa3qewsmaJ3 ESsopsatcm onhaWd teea-orJdmabnC dkeHaeD emAsEtewoahn KfiSoutx-ylLr lygTDiati areueGHgpy asanaroatnJ htnhFot nmaraspteryH wSfwindti amnuDsHntL IwaororyndwL SSatprctarle atn tvne-en3FaJirmt e acgtneRRsedea nooacVAcRBro SPre sSVJco IcnctAeatyraoiGt rcaereAenrlbmeF mpeonotloEc eiTm hiAlk xveaJM nnjg9ga6aB tgieSbupnru nKgClopiaorr rldawtoeaachrelh eaFd uiNab fatdTiAmehhF ursauVnseu J062457s (again) hSShyy2 byeCr uqtAniRiaan dkeHaeD eBe KfiSoutx-yLr urBatmsteiru inXnneauk Ik cddoaBT haReTreppt nmaraspteryH (again) oehnZTeohM ddauisMed SSatprctarle (again) atn tvne-en3FaJirmt (again) soorcbBsu nooacVAcRBro (again) IcnctAeatyraoiGt (again) ORLNOYMETYAU AledlaJacOksrTf (again) InglGiuakVbmi eiTm (again) hiAlk (again) rooUamM (again)  I think I listed them all before they started repeating.  Feats: Vovevm wvva mfga szs (translates to "Eleven deez nutz hah" in Atbash cipher)  P T Wx rw Mxq Tu ot Kvo Rs mr - u ut r rt st xu Hsl Opyzjo - r rq o ovyypvur Epi L mvwgl - z p po m mtwwnt sp Cngz Jntuej - xw m ml j j qttkqxpmz Alex Hirsch - 4oqm{~{rsmu Rmxx 5 - vuyykyykj h h orriovnkx Alex Hirsch - 2m|ok ~y|ypQ|k s~ Pkw}3 - srvvhvvkg e e looflskhu Alex Hirsch - /j hl h{vyvmNyh}p{ Mhssz0 - qp ttfttfe cz cjmmdjqifs Alex Hirsch - ,gvi exs v s j K vezrx} Jeppw- - possessed by Bill Cipher *etgcvqt qhl tcxkv{ Hcrru+ (creator of Gravity Falls)  fftbzeuddjxoj eierzxdsbbhvdmh egcpxvcqzzfublfh eeanwtcoxxdszjef ecywscmvvdqxhee ebwjssclttdovgec ezwiqscjsrdntgea exwioschrpdksgey evwinschrodiqgew etwinschrodiogeu erwinschrodinges erwinschrodinger  Bill's reversed dialogue at the end is his typical "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!"
Why didn't Discord throw Bill into the chaos dimension where he is invincible
He didn't kill discord and his literally immortal body probably materialized in the mlp world
So something that came to mind while watching this again is. Discord couldve probably won this but while he was fighting Bill he was also using his power to reverse Weirdmaggedon, to lock Bill away in the Nightmare Realm. So he wasnt at full power throughout the latter half of the fight.
Discord: "loses" by being destroyed temporarily, and can eventually come back out in the world.  Bill: *Wins* Is now stuck waiting an undeterminable amount of time in the most boring place ever.  I have...differing views on who 'won' this...
I wonder who was dumb enough in equestria to make a deal with Bill cipher and would help open the gateway between worlds.
While people are saying that Discord screwed over Bill even though he lost, he was pissed off about it for around ten seconds before moving on. To him, Equestria was just a place that didn’t matter. No world in any dimension matters in his eye and he could really care less about which one he takes over. Discord might have kicked him out of Equestria, but at the end of the day, he won’t even care it existed in the first place.  The ponies are safe, which is what Discord wanted... But Bill is far screwed over. He just had a change of plans and knows that he can always find another genius in pursuit of knowledge in another world to trick. That’s why he bounced back so quickly and even decided to announce the “KO!” himself since killing Discord probably inflated his ego even more.
Aww, I was rooting for Discord! Sometimes, these battles just feel like it's who the creators at DB want to win. Maybe I'm just a sore loser.
Bill Cipher where’s my deal I want it rn
FINALLY SOMEONE DID IT
I appreciate the gambling sponsor along with the therapy for my gambling.
Phil Chipper Vs. Dream (Sandman)
Bill may have won the Battle but Discord won the war by giving his life to save his friends and trap Bill in his dimension  All the while having the final laugh. He went out like a damn champ
I trade you baby you give me milk shake 16:57
Awesome fight, now my favorite episode yet.
A reality warping yellow dorito who lost to children vs a reality warping abomination who got bamboozled
Bill might have won but he gets  discord over.
spiderman vs bulebeetle
Nothing could stop Discord once released from stone. Bill was confined to Gravity Falls for his Weirdmageddon thing. Discord had total control to warp reality all over the planet or at least all of Equestria. Basically comparing one American town to the entire United States. Discord was reasoned with. He chose to restrain himself for Fluttershy's friendship. Her loss in Gen5 IDW caused him to revert to his old ways. And once again, he could only be reasoned with by the new "heroes". Then again, Bill K!LLs people, entire worlds full of people. This should be interesting.
Discord could defeat Bill Cipher, but his priority was his friend.  he comes back
Toon force vs toon force
This makes me think… bring Mizter Pitlik or Batmite into a battle
One thing though was that wouldn't Discord only lose once things got non-chaotic??? Like, order is what destroys him, not any attack... And if they were inside a mental verse, then couldn't Bill have been defeated???
In reality there is no winner or loser here. Bill just needs to wait for another opportunity to arise for escape, and there’s multiple theories about Discord’s current state. The Discord that was destroyed was specifically from the MLP universe, so Discord still exists beyond that. And as for the MLP version, he’ll be back as long as strife is not erased from that world.
Here is a thought. Who has the notion to put Discord in other fan made shows.  I have some interesting ideas on what might happen.
The most neckbeard match ever
I don’t watch my little pony but I watched gravity falls and read journal 3 so I do know bill is one of the strongest beings in the cartoon multiverse
This is genuinely the best death battle yet. The animation was impeccable, what a treat
By Deathbattle Rules, Discord lost. But by rules of War, It’s a draw. Cipher can’t fight anymore. And Discord is dead.
If ur wondering when Discord brought Bill into the Nightmare Realm, it was here 15:13 when they came through the portal. You can tell by the background and Bill’s “X” portal being different colors
First, discord you may have lost the fight but you have sacrificed yourself for the ponies and to trap bill forever again, Second, did discord die because i heard that he is immortal does he ressurect from the precise time he comes back to life?
I just noticed Bendy in the fight sequence.   Did Bendy just get confirmed?
We need kraven vs shredder
1 good show 2 I WANT THE OST WITH THE STYLE CHANGES 3 i want more of that rubber hose style it was so cute and the music was nice too TvT
So was anyone else confused as to who won and who lost until they explicitly stated it in the end, or am I just dumb?
My only issue is if discord can break the fourth wall and alter the medium He's in What stops him from just turning the fight off and winning that way? I mean he literally turned off the animation for his character breakdown what stops him from doing something similar during the actual fight?
you guys should do a lord of change warhammer 40k vs mlp some time
Am I going crazy or have they really not done this one before?
Cipher may have won in a death battle Discord did technically win the battle win it came to saving Equestria
This has got to be the weirdest death battle yet. What am I even looking at lol
you have to be on acid to understand this episode 😮
What happened to the Atom Eve vs Gwen death battle cast it's gone
Still waiting for saint Seiya knights of the zodiac
Doesn't discord gain extra power from chaos. Wouldn't that mean he s generating extra power from this fight
Man, I LOVE the editing on this episode!     Also, I'm surprised it's taken THIS LONG for us to finally set up a Cole McGrath versus Alex Mercer Death Battle.  You BETTER get Tobuscus to do the music on that one.
Loving the animation choices they made
Honestly, even though Discord lost the battle, that ending made it feel like he won the war when he locked Bill back up in his old home. I found it enjoyable to watch!👍🏻
You know it's kinda funny to think about they've had four of their characters appear on DB and yet I've never watched a single episode of the show & I probably never will it's nothing personally it's just not something that I'm interested in even with its darker themes & action scenes.
still waiting for hiccup and toothless vs danaerys targarian and her dragons
And what did bill say at the end?
NEXT TIME!  BLACK HAT VS AKU!!!
19:21 i noticed the walt disney picture in billy's eye
Bill, you see everything? Then... what's that snail behind you? The one that's waving?  You may SEE everything, Bill, but he is EVERYWHERE.
Nice.
This whole fight was chaotic and I FREAKING LOVED IT
Discord may not be as powerful as bill But he proven to be more clever.
To me, Discord won. Bill's trapped in there, and Discord (being the force of nature he is,) could theoretically come back to life somehow.
Every 3rd comment be like "did you notice that Bill won the battle but Discord won the war?" Yes... Yes we all noticed, we all watched the same thing ='D
My theory Bill cipher is Loki post Ragnarok
Kenshin vs yorichi
My theory is the next death battle will be between Bendy from Bendy and the dark Revival and Cuphead from Cuphead
Well that is interesting... but I like that Discord Basicly Won the war. But Discord in different scenario would Win by my opinion.
I never watched or know about these shows but that dragon dude seems pretty chill, I like him.
Don't worry fellow Discordbros he'll be back eventually since he has conceptual immortality he may have lost the battle but won the war and trolled Bill
Yo quiero ver a Alex Mercer vs Colé Mcgram ( Prototype vs InFAMOS )
Someone watched mlp it seems~
As I hinted in the comments of the last Death Battle, I had very little interest in this match up but, as per usual, the fight itself did a great job at entertaining me with two characters I knew next to nothing about. Shame I picked the wrong person to win, though. Guessing streak reset.  *Next Time on Death Battle*  WOO! Been waiting for this match since it got announced at the end of last season! Still think that James Heller should’ve taken Alex Mercer’s place but I guess we’ll see if that’s even an issue when the full battle comes out. Can’t wait.
I say next fight Infamous may have the upper hand but Damn that is a hard choice who would win
Bill Cipher: reality warping powers  Discord: Toon Force   (I know it’s essentially the same thing but somehow this makes sense to me)
Is this a re upload ?
Dude you guys have NO idea how long I’ve waited for the next match up to happen! I’m hyped.
Discord honestly is the better fighter, but the fight highlighted his glaring weakness. His friends.
Come on guys: Unicron vs Galactus.
this fight is not what it seems if Discord could time travel then it doesn't matter how long it takes to reform since he can always travel back to the moment he 'died' and continue the fight, but there was no point neither could really kill the other so all this time Discord was just trying to trap Bill he worked with the death battle cast to do so meaning Discord is the true winner.
I wanna see Frieza in one of these one day. Don't even really care who against
One of the BEST episodes of Death Battle my eye has seen. 👁
I hope get to  see Cole and Alex wearing bras next week! (old Escapist reference. look it up)
I love this, my only real problem was this should've been the season ender
I’m gonna come right out and say it, this has beaten Saitama vs Popeye as my second favorite episode of the show. The amount of effort and passion in this is all prominent and well worth it.   Thank you to EVERYONE who worked on this episode. The wait for this made it feel like an event, and it absolutely was
CAN YOU MAYBE DO ONE WITH SANS OR MAYBE ERROR SANS PLZ
When watching this I was betting on discord because no matter how much chaos either caused discord would get more energy.
Discord should win this. There is magic that can completely seal away cipher, barierę that can block him and weapons that (according to space goddess and Stan friend) can kill him. And discord will know about those. Discord only weakness is his personality
I don't care, Discord won in my books.
Bro and I thought Pinkie and Deadpool broke Wiz and Boomstick, but Discord and Bill tore the walls down, replaced them with candy, and literally pulled them into a new dimension.
Cannot condone draft kings, but I hope they gave you all a massive paycheck because I love your work.
Actually one of the best fights in awhile. Mad props
Mad props to the team that worked on this episode it is easily a top 3 of the entire show's run, if not the greatest episode of the show to date.
This one had the best animation so far
cool fight, audio mixing was kinda bad tho
I know better help is basically the perennial sponsor, but this is a very fitting episode for it.  0:22 None as silly? what about Mask, Deadpool, Spongebob, and arguably Popeye?
One Above All vs Golden Wonder Woman Death battle!
This...was ONE OF THE MOST MINDBENDING THINGS I have EVER had the honor to be a part of. Thanks (AGAIN!) to RT and DB for having me!
I like how at the beginning he made a note to fluttershy as a final goodbye somewhat stating he wasn’t coming back and shows the note that he wrote back in the fixed dimension like “I might lose but as long as he’s gone and your safe, it don’t matter”  Edit: I think my only criticism is that of the unicorn hair to the bell. While the hair wards off magical threats it has the side effect of draining magic which does to minor effects but the Bell is fully designed to drain magic from anything even creatures as great as discord.   Saying that it wouldn’t work on him when you don’t know it would doesn’t sit right Js
Honestly would love to see Natsu (fairy tail) vs Asta (black clover)
Fun facts i noticed : the reason the artstyle shifts is cause theyre going through the weirdness bubbles. The whole word flips upside down. Turns backwards if you would when the song plays a backwards message.
Dia 8 KRATOS(GOW) vs Beerus (DBS Death battle !!!!!
Yo cast,good job. Do Mr&Mrs Fantastic's son vs Dr X's son next.
The way she says "Discord?" OH MY GOD  Now i want a post-battle animation scene where they learn he died in the fight  They could hold a funeral, Celestia and Luna aren't sure if he can even come back since he died in a different dimension (the Chaos Dimension that Cypher lives in)   Of course it could end wirh him coming back since he actually can after time  Or it could keep him dead and watching over them
Petition to make a death battle between wizard and boomstick
Finally a worthy opponent... Our battle will be legendary!
Did Bill really win tho?  Considering how he’s stuck again
Can anyone tell me what bill said at the end in backwards talk?
Captions would be greatly appreciated for those who don't have English as their mother language :( Kinda difficult to understand Bill and sometimes I can't hear Discord in the middle of all the sound effects :/
Cartoon fight club did this 7 years ago. Still a good vid though.
16:57 imagine him saying that to Guts
Рlease YOU make Red Dickfigures vs len smosh
16:56  silence, inverted-upside down triangle
L
14:35 I always described Bill as a dorito chip! That was awesome they included that!!!
Lord voldemort vs palpatine Master splinter vs stick The foot clan vs the hand vs league of shadows Master splinter vs master shifu The espadas vs the akatsuki vs the organization xIII talia al ghul vs elektra natchios vs oroku karai sephiroth vs xemnas Jimy neutron vs timy turner
Wait so if death battle is sponsored by draft kings does that mean we could bet on who wins death battle?
Respectfully don’t gotta watch to know bill wins
Anyone know what all the hidden messages say? I not to good at code breaking.
What did bill say again 19:25
honestly not really a fan of either franchise but this was fun
How about Mr Bean vs Goku. That would be cool ;)
substanciation       Seabear ad
can't get over the soundtrack bro, maybe best one yet!
The real question is: Can Discord and Bill Sipher beat Goku, though?
If only Discord has unicorn hair.
You know there are some ponybros on staff when Discord is portrayed this true to character. But there was no way for Discord to kill Bill (pun intended), and Discord would be hemorrhaging power due to his desire to defeat Bill and restore order. I would however like to make a deal with Bill. Bring back Discord with a spirit that is immune from total destruction by Bill. That ought to be fun.
Kinda surprised they didnt have discord turn into a unicorn and use his hair  he can do that
Hmmm.. possessed by an illuminati like spirit.. wakes up like my jaw hurts.. I see what ya did there 😂😏 sneaky
I love how everyone in the comments is respecting Discord despite him losing
Bill cypher vs the mask
Kisame vs Jimbei let's go!
sure if that deal turns you to dust and vanish from existence forever you damn evil triangle!!!
It's sucks that discord died. But he went out like a Gangsta!  Yeah, he lost the battle. But his sacrifice made him won the war and have the last laugh. Lol screw you Bill, who's laughing now? 😆 but R.I.P. Discord. ☹️
Haven't seen either of these and this was my favorite episode this season by a wide margin. Excellent animation.
love the bendy cameo
Big question, Discord saw the show, so why didn't he utilize unicorn hair as a defensive strategy. That's how the pines mech thing was able to stand against him. Even if it takes unicorn hair from another universe than discord, then I think he can still produce it
what an amazing death battle, and ye Bill Slams
So discord is the Q of MLP?
The voice actors for Bill and Discord were AMAZING here, bravo to both John and Paul
this was fire
This battle may have gone to Bill, but Discord won the war.
13:33 Fun Fact: Glue is made out of horse bones (I wish I was joking)
3:20 Wiz, you idiot.  Well, that was interesting.
anyone solve bills code? the one around 4:10 cause i tried a Cesar cipher decoder but got nothing
Discord may have lost but he still kinda won. He wooped bill in the end he is tbe real winner what A mad lad
6:59 “Eqestria was under attack”  Here’s footage of when Not Discord was attacking them from a movie he wasn’t even in (sadly cause he would’ve looked so based in that animation style)
AB; very surprised, it was an excellent battle. Cool to watch
Ngl I’m surprised we haven’t seen a terraria vs Minecraft on here yet
I mean... They are both Immortal so, this battle would last until one of them gives up. XD
Hoping discord win's. mainly because i'm a fan of the character and his speices. let alone, his voice actor, Q from star trek!  Edit: Discord saving himself is bar far the most accurate and wholesome way for him to lose but win. Y'all did him justice and I love the reality warping and animation! Pretty damn spot on with the characters and editing.
Is there a name for the background song? I don't know why but I wanna listen to this badly
The difference between Mischief and Chaos
what an INSANE battle great job to EVERYONE who worked on this episode I had a feeling the golden dorito would win the battle, but he for sure did lose the war discord WILL be back, so long as chaos exists, so does he 😉
BW; I don’t see how Bill doesn’t win this walking away. But they will set matches like this up to mess with you brain.
Nice the battle I’ve wanted to see for a while is coming up next.  I think Mercer wins because I don’t see a way Cole could actually kill him but I’m interested in seeing what the guys at DB think.  Plus the animation should be fun to watch.
I see it now: Deadpool, Pinkie Pie, The Mask, Discord, and Bill Cipher all sitting at the table breaking every 4th possible
This is probably the only Death Battle where I, and I’m willing to bet everyone else, doesn’t give a cosmic pickle about the research!  Just Let Things Go Wild And Have Some Fun! 🤪
Does Bill fixing himself in a dream mean he can heal his spirit. Dipper was able to do that too because the mindscape lets you do anything you can think of.
Wait wtf, I thought discord won.
wait so what happened? im so confused
This is one heck of a fight! I like how Discord just sour Bill's win.
Bill wrote this episode of death battle with deadpools assistance so really deadpool won trapping bill. Thats my head cannon anyways
Fun Fact: Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war. He'll just revive a few years later, while Bill remains trapped in his realm. So basically, if you think about it, Discord really won here.
Lego monkie kid monkey king vs Transformers Bumblebee
Only complaint and it's minor. Why mention Grogars bewitching bell and not have it appear or even try to use it in the battle? Could have had it briefly appear in the battle by Discord trying to use it and it doesn't work, use it but bill stops him before fully using it, or use it but bills powers manage to break out and return to him. Otherwise good battle.
Bill won the battle  But  Discord won the war
@ Death Battle! Do a video about Knights of the zodiac
I can't believe Discord lost again First on rewind rumble now on death Battle.😔😮‍💨
Bill,you may be a god but now you shale fight spongebob
8:30 Amen~💕 🙏😌🙏 1:09 As a truck driver, I really need to confirm this at Flying J that has a Denny's at it...
I'm pretty sure that Stanley Pines is a variant of Boomstick from another universe. 😂
He may have lost the fight but he won the war and since he is chaos he will eventually reform
Y'know, aside from the win-in-spirit that Discord got, he came pretty close to ACTUALLY winning the fight too. Going into Bill's mind, lighting his dreamscape on fire and distracting him with a close-up battle long enough for it to burn probably would have worked if the Stans' plan also worked. If only Discord were lethal enough and good enough at fighting to actually hold his own once he was in Bill's domain, even for just a little longer. It doesn't take long for Bill to die when trapped inside a mind that's falling apart, and the battle showing his form glitching seems to suggest he was taking heavy damage.  So aside from just being a death battle where the loser sort of won in their own way, this battle also acknowledges a good way Discord really COULD have won the fight. You don't get that often out of Death Battle, usually the loser's final attack or last ditch effort ends up being something the winner has an easy answer to which is why it doesn't work. But this? Bill's only way to defend against Discord going in his head and lighting it on fire was to get rid of him, and fast. Granted Bill can definitely do that, especially when the fight is taken to his own head, but still it's a better last ditch effort than most combatants get.  I just think it's cool to see the loser of a death battle having a plan that actually would have worked if not for the other guy just... winning the fight before it could. This episode gave mad respect to Discord, hope we see more of that kind of respect to losers in the future.
Do not agree with the result, but it was fun and Discord was even a hero to his friends.
The aspect I will never not love about these battles is the multiple mesiums of animation. From the claymation, to the puppets (Reference to that Mexican puppet dimension from Make New Friends But Keep Discord?), to even the limited vectors of Discord during the analysis (Another potential reference, this time to the format of plenty of brony reviewers).
God the "Let me out of here or I'll eat your dreams" was perfect on every level, also a really good DB.
I thought you guys fuse.
We been waiting 10 years for McGrath vs Mercer
bill chiper was looking like he was having fun but then he had enough good battle
15:33 "Sure I love Checkers" (Knight piece falls from the sky)
Guess I i gotta start really respecting "My Little Pony" now
1:25 that intro for him goes hard tho
Discord can die? I thought he just returns to his realm. Unless being accord kills him and gets himself replaced.
Both are really enjoying the fight
I recognize a backwards message near the end of the video right after Bill is announced the winner, but what does it say?
production went wild on this one
16:18 that image of bill reaching into his eye was so wicked
That's what I'm talking about, I knew Discord wasn't winning!
Just throw in Darkseid and everyone loses
LETS GO BILL CIPHER IS THE WINNER
Ok now THIS was truly a phenomenal fight. The creativity of the fight was just beautiful. Plus I like how Discord kind off got a his own victory despite Bill beating him. Bill did ein but also kind of got defeated. Really love this irony lol. I can't imagine having to look into the stats of these two characters who have 4th dimensional like powers.
It's Disney VS Hasbro's Silly-Themed Weirdly Chaos Reality Warping Cartoon Characters & Bill Cipher Gets A Award Of Victory, After Xuked Got His Name & Memories Eaten By Louis Arneb, The Sin Archbishop Of Gluttony, After Losing Martian X & His Minions, And Then, Tying Him Up And Then, Sending Him In Space And Into Re:Zero Universe. King Mickey, Subaru Natsuki & Rem Get Some Samples Of Xuked's Blood, And Then, Gives Xuked's Body For Bill Cipher To Possess A Vessel, Discord X (Who Is Also Made By Xuked From Discord's Evil Self Inside Him & What's Left For Xuked Before His Name & Memories Got Eaten) Is The Guy Who Remembered Xuked's Name & Memories, But Bill Cipher Is Also A Threat, So King Mickey Watch Bill Cipher & Discord X Battles With Bill Cipher Using Xuked's Body
I do like how discord basically pulled a sephiroth vs Vergil and used an illusion to cover the nightmare realm. Then if he was not successful, with the mind tactic, his backup plan was that bill wasted his time trying to draw him out of his mindspace.
Best episode every
I am to old to know this 2 🤣🤣🤣🤷🏻‍♂️
19:25 reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, BYE!!! 👋👋
Can we maybe dial back the music and lift up the voices? Some of the words were hard to here
I did not click on this thinking it would be my favorite episode! But wow did y’all outdo yourselves – the contestants, the animation, the battle itself, the characterization XD I’m usually a casual watcher but this’ll make me more serious.   Your animation was amazing, going the extra mile with clay models, a black and white ‘first cartoon’ reel and puppets! Hilarious and shows off the breadth of both contestants’ reality-warping powers. And you managed to make a freaking triangle with stick limbs sound, feel and look like an ‘All Seeing God’ (while punting his own eye out, extra kudos!) That took some creativity but y’all pulled it off!   While I get you can’t always pull off an in-character death battle between your contestants, it’s a joy to watch when you do. Discord’s Just Desserts pun, referencing d&d – a chaotic and teamwork-oriented game – and Bill crushing him with a horse-shaped chess piece and getting fixated on killing him to the point of literally blinding himself to the final trick his opponent pulls? Perfectly in-character.    And the end of this fight was the best!!! Just as Discord looks truly beaten in Bill’s grasp, he reveals his best trick! Complete with shrinking window of Equestria and Fluttershy’s timid, fearful, “Discord? Discord?” in the otherwise happy land slams home Discord’s Heroic Sacrifice. Bill wins but Discord got the literal last laugh. Heart-wrenching, humorous and horrifying given Bill’s explosion of fiendish nature before brushing off the trick and doing his creepiest ‘wanna make a deal?’ sales pitch.    Perfection XD
Well, Discord saved this universe for long... but not forever
nice
I wonder who made a deal with Bill and summoned him to Ponnyland.
Next death battle "Unicron Vs Galactus"
Hmm Bendy… foreshadowing? 14:54.5
That was one of the best produced Death Battles by far.
This is proof Gravity Falls has the bigger threat
While I did like the ending being respectful (Even though, yeah, I was pulling for Bill), it's been a bit tiring that the only thing said is "Bill won the fight but Discord won the war". No, Bill isn't trapped forever, and considering how stupid people are, he can easily be out in no time. Also, the verdict gives Discord quite a bit of benefit of doubts, because no, Discord has never shown to come back from spiritual erasure in any media (Bill actually has in the GF Complete Series collection) and the line it's based off is just "You can't kill malice!" by a character losing their cool after being bested. Also, Discord is not literally a concept, he's been separated from his chaos magic before, which should be impossible if he's the actual concept of all chaos. As well, him fading away was because he was doing something antithetical to his nature, and was simply restored due to himself acting chaotic again. It's like if a human stopped breathing, which is antithetical to our nature, but we started breathing again. It is not actually proof of conceptual immortality, if anything, it's a weakness of Discord's.
Peak Luffy VS Peak Naruto😅
It was technically a win win Bill Cipher gets the kill And discord got his universe has no weridarmageddon
13:16 Battle starts here Look I set these because, there are some viewers that just don't wanna go through the rundowns(their loss) and, after watching the episode once already sometimes we'll wanna go through the rundowns again but, sometimes we'll wanna skip straight to the battle now.
It’s a tie
10:28 Mung Daal: "NO MONEY MEANS-" 10:34 Dwight Schultz: "No animation!!"
They know the drill!
Bill cypher vs 2012 carnage where he has a whole city
do hazbin hotel
You completely forgot about grogar’s bewitching bell
Tears were shed for Discord, this DeathBattle was fire
Despite Discord losing, He got the last laugh and saved his world by trapping Bill back to the Nightmare Realm.
Hey death battle! I think a fun to see matchup would be yet another black clover VS my hero being Yuno vs Inasa Yoarashi. Since they both use wind i think itd be cool to see.
1:37 This is the closest reference to Sans we're gonna see in Death Battle, aren't we?🙄
Dam the I think discord won bro is guaranteed  to respawn
Woww this death battle episode is so good I love it
Respect for discord
New fight idea: Mumm-ra vs Thanos
Pennywise vrs deadpool
Pennywise vrs bill cypher
HELL YEAH
Huh wow this is the best fight in death battle ive seen in a long time
Hate to burst everyone's bubble on this awesome death battle, the unicorn hair was used to REPEL Bill's power NOT OBSORB it. Hence why the outer layers of the Shackbot wasn't protected. Overall though, keep up the great work guys!!!
damn... what a sh*t episode
Next battle general grievous vs krang
I feel like in a SpongeBob narrator voice at some point in the video we get a '' one eternity later''
Celestia is actually the older sister. She and Luna are not twins Love the videos btw!! Guts first fight and Saurons are my favourites so far!
Here is one:  Thrakhath nar Kiranka, Crown Prince of the hostile Kilrathi Empire (Wing Commander) VS. Sabretooth (X-Men)
Soooo,... why didn't discord use unicorn hair? It couldn't be any easier to access and Discord would know the weakness having seen Bill's show.
Amazing episode. The extra details in the analysis were quirky and the fight was beautiful. Props to you Death Battle.
So which of the previous Death Battle combatants would actually take Bills deal and why would it be Vegeta?
According to story rules, sacrificing yourself to thwart your opponent's goals counts as a win.  Discord died, but it's probably more accurate to say that he also won.
Need Saul Goodman vs. Sol Badguy.
Can you do a fight with Yusuke
pony related comment
Superb animations WOW
i've wait a long time for thos two to be showed here, congratulation ^v^
Sleepy hallow “the sand man” vs Freddy Krueger idk if they did one like this but I think that would  be interesting lol 😂
Well, its only another 10 billion years before Bill is able to get back to Equestria. Amazing how both characters lost in different ways though!
i need therapy after this match-up. This was too much to handle
bill power tire = hyper to outer  discord = multiverse  so basically bill solo doesn’t mater discord have better hax
The animation and the transitions remind me of Rick and Morty promo episode.
This was such a great deathbattle. I got goosebumps. Well done!
Y'all should do someone from destiny 2
OMG! This is my favorite episode of DB.
Interesting. Discord died, but he won the real battle.
The pixel art was so good it felt hand drawn most of the fight
What does bill say at 19:25 ?
13:47 and the lesson is about sacrificing yourself for the people you care about At least Discord got to see Fluttershy for the last time until idk how long it is for him to possibly return. Looks like the ponies has to create as much chaos as possible to potentially bring Discord back.
This was probably the most satisfying death battle yall had ever produced. Top marks. From me.
Anyone know what the backwards message at the end says?
5:12 a true representation of "your worst enemy is yourself/your own mind"
I felt so smart when I thought of sticking bill in the nightmare realm, and then seeing it happen in the video
I love the fact that Bill and Discord are arguing within the text of each other’s analyses
Hmmm....  I didn't expect that Alex Mercer would face someone else, my first vote was actually Rex Salazar of Generator Rex but hey I trust in Death Battle.
can we get luffy pls
the toon version of them was adorable lol
Ranting how stupid DB is in this battle is moot but hey, it should still be said. An entity who can do anything versus someone who is bound to the laws obviously gonna lose. So its discords win hands down, he can just will him to non existence. No amount of defense can cancel that. Also the excuse about not taking it seriously on a death battle is also dumb. They know they are killing each other so wtf lame reason
I also have a death battle suggestion. Two master thieves that travel the world and steal things for there own reasons...Sly Cooper vs Carmen San Diego
Even with “Gravity Falls” cancelled Bill will always come back to haunt us one way or another.
I always love battles that have two omnipetent beings fighting each other like because I feel that gets people wondering the most on who would win since they can do anything at their prime and all kinds of shenanigans can happen both mental and physically in this case.
But wouldn’t Discord just reform in his main verse even after “dying”? So Bill gets trapped in his prison and Discord reforms back home? So I mean who’s the true winner.
Bill you said make a deal so yes I m Ghana make a deal LLIB.
The scaling was way off with in this Death Battle, Discord and Bill scale slightly to one another but Discord has overall superior feats of manipulation especially when taking into consideration the comics.  For Bill’s scaling it requires a lot more assumptions and acceptance of limitations regarding writing constraints and so on.  Unless this was a case where Discord was holding back to fit the narrative presented in this Death Battle and save the ponies, this Death Battle breaks the streak of correct conclusions.
Cool BGM.
Lets be honest, Discord is real winner here, that song is a total BANGER.  Shotout to the music artist, this is right next to Infection Perfection.
The Arbiter Thel Vadame vs. Garrus Vakarian
Luffy vs plastic man 😊
Bill cipher is truly HIM
What does Bill Cipher and Adam Smasher hv in vommon they both beat power of friendsip
Discord solos.
Ok this fight was just amazing and especially the ending but….why do I feel like this isn’t gonna be the only time Bill will show up in Death Battle….?
This episode's outcome is so unique, that I have an alternate closing of the episode that would play more like this.  Boomstick: GOD DAMN‼ I don't know what got my attention more at the end: Discord's "loss" or Bill Cipher's "win." That triangle seriously has a location memory problem, huh?  Wiz: Out of all the death battles we've seen, this one arguably has the most complicated outcome in the show.   Boomstick: Bill killed Discord, but what does that matter to him if his precious weirdmageddon has been undone in the process? As for Discord, sure there's no denying that he is carefree at times, but when it comes to Fluttershy, he takes his friendship with her seriously, otherwise he wouldn't accidentally try to kill himself when he was house-hosting her accordingly.  Wiz: Meaning that from the moment he started fighting Bill, his priority was saving Fluttershy and Equestria, and when he succeeded, he accepted his fate.  Boomstick: While giving Bill a metaphorical middle finger for not getting the gravity of his plans falling into place.   Wiz: Although being the personification of chaos he is, as long as the mane 6 (especially Fluttershy, Twilight, and Pinkie) gets a bit chaotic while attempting to summon him back to life, he can't really die. So, the only reason Discord is considered dead in the episode is that he needed help from other characters to be spiritually healed.  Boomstick: And even then, Discord wouldn't have a reason to fight Bill once he's brought back to life, as Bill wouldn't have a reason to fight Discord as he is more interested in escaping the nightmare realm, and recreating the oddpocalypse.   Wiz: Discord may have lost the Death Battle, but his fourth wall-breaking knowledge, chaotic cunning, and yes. His "friendship is magic" value for the shy little pony, means that he ultimately won the weirdest war Equestria, and this show has ever been through.  Boomstick: And the poor old one-dollar Bill Cipher is trapped in a discordant nightmare where his name is now "The Great Pyramid of Pyrrhus."  Bill Cipher: *LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!!*  (Wiz and Boomstick jump back as Bill says this)  Wiz: Sorry, Bill, but the winner is Discord.  Bill Cipher:  *‼ƧTƎꟼꟼUꟼИIﻼƧ ƎƧИƎƧ-ƎVIꟻ ,⅃AИOITИƎMIႧ-ƎƎЯHT ,ИAꟼƧƎꟻI⅃-ƎИO UOY ,ИЯUTƎЯ YM ƎﻼAM I ИƎHW YAႧ ƎHT ЯOꟻ ӘИIHƆTAW Ǝ𐐒 ⅃⅃'I*
The animation was crazy as always
Anyone wanna make a deal?✋
Luz noceda vs Anne boonchuy
Okay, but Fluttershy worrying about where Discord is is SO damn heartbreaking. I imagine the note we see in front of her and the others was like a farewell/apology to them. He literally gave it all for them in the end, and went out like a true hero...
I wonder who would win out of Solomon Grundy and Hulk!!! 🤔
I would like to imagine that discord learned that he couldn't kill bill and win so he instead try to bait bill out of the universe and probably even clone another him inside the universe in case he was ever captured
Aquí se ve el favoritismo Bill tiene habilidades que ni en la serie salieron es una pendejada está pelea
Cipher won the deathbattle  But discord won the war and saved Equestria from an interdimensional threat.
Gandalf vs Dumbledore. Come' on (pokes with stick). Make with the magic (eh eh lololzmfao
The ending suits both I guess but who else keeps tuning it hoping they're going to do Harry Spotter VS Canon Source Potter? IE: Malshe VS Harry Potter! Come on let's who's really better: Muscles or Magic!!
Yo this is one of the best death battles of all time what
Would love to see Happy Chaos from Guilty Gear vs Bill since he "won" this fight.
Technically, discord did what he set out to accomplish. He saved Fluttershy and by extension, her friends, therefore he won by his own rules. Triangle face is the one who lost this. He's stuck back in eternal boredom and is likely to be bagged by the time police now that he's stuck in one place. Meanwhile discord is in the eternal peace of rest knowing he saved everyone he cared about.
Discord only lost because the show was called death battle. He could have easily Is banished him to a Nether dimension and escaped. Like he did the last time he faced an equal opponent. Also, Discord is a friend to a unicorn. I have trouble believing he did not have unicorn hair available. Also, he saw his show, so he knows how to make a sheald with it.  discord could have trapped him in a unicorn hair bubble. And we can not say he is Immune to discord's ability to steal powers Just because he has resistance to unicorn hair. That's like saying someone who built up an immunity to Is rattle steak venom must also be mmune to cyanide. Yes, both are poison  But that doesn't mean they work the same way. One drains you of your energy The other takes away your power and gives it to someone else. It's like draining the battery on your phone versus taking away the phone.   And yes, discord could have been tricked. However, your video didn't really show him being tricked. He was just overpowered.
Cant eat what i don't have bill
WHO IS PLAYING BILL HE SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE HIM
Wow. The Line Producer is gorgeous!
Discord lost? 😡 nooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!😢🥺😭
Honestly this could have gone either way. Dischord is more Mercurial whereas Bill is straight up Malevelent. I see Bill winning this 8 times out of 10.
Can you make omnipotent sans vs yukari death battle request please.
How about Luz Noceda from the Owl House vs. Anne Boonchuy from Amphibia?
I would love to know what the music is that plays during Bill Cipher's analysis
the music really slaps
Was not expecting sock puppets and honestly, really should have.
Eh, knowing Discord, he's probably got a double back in Equestria and will be back in about a week.
Bill freaking out at 16:47 is my favorite part of this. Great work with the fight overall
Alex Mercer is effectively tens of thousands of people in a fleshy mass of energy. Cole has never once shown the energy output required to effectively nuke something with that much mass, and Alex can't die from anything that can't exhaust his biomass.  He can also just eat more during the fight, which is why Alucard vs Dio should have taken a lot longer. Realistically, Alucard would have just eaten the majority of the world to keep trying. Still lose, since Dio was just so much more powerful than him, but Cole isn't.
So pretty much from what I heard from everyone else discord won. He isn’t going to be dead for long and he reset bill to his original dimension so he completely screw him over.
So that’s twice that bill almost won? Do I hear three?
Before the fight, I thought Bill was probably smarter and more creative due to his restrictions forcing him, while discord pretty much never had to try. My expectation was that Discord would win because he could probably reproduce the erase mind trick on Bill (which wouldn't actually kill him) and also that he had free dimensional mobility since he could open portals, and Bill could be banished. But if either could win via actual kill, it would be based on some specific detail.  In the end, such never mattered, because the fight was unbelievably awesome, the characterization spot on with no need for an excuse to fight, and it was a mutual loss in the end. Whether discord legitimately died or will recover because chaos exists, Bill was banished, which is the closest to a kill you can get on him.
this channel just hot 20 percent cooler in ten seconds flat...
Bill the GOAT Cypher
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord wins by having the best plot armor!
Please do Blue Beet vs Blue Beetle
how is this not season finale
i know technically bill won, but i am full on counting this a draw because discord won in every way that matters
Much as it sucks to see the good guy lose, especially to one of the biggest evil scumbags in cartoon history, I can't help but like the ending. Discord may have lost, but he ended up trapping Bill back in the Nightmare dimension. If another bittersweet ending never comes again in DB, this will remain my favorite.
It doesnt matter but gonna say it anyway. The bell that can drain magic would work on Bill Cipher. If it can drain someone as powerful as Discord it would definitely work on Bill Cipher. That being said its not Discord's style to attack like that and he probably would forget he has it. He is so powerful he would never think to use a magic item
Does anybody know what was said during the backwards speech part at the end of the episode???
Wednesday vs megen plssssssssss😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢I like hœrro make it ultra plsssd
Bill cipher vs discord  Yo viendo a cosmos y como le saco la michi a discord  Yo: quien ganará?
curious as to who summoned Bill.
Someone at Disney even said there were a couple months that anyone visiting the studio could have seen a whiteboard that said “how to kill god” when they were trying to figure out how to kill bill. They made him so powerful that even the writers were stumped on how to kill him
did anyone else notice the Mable and dipper pony at the time stamp 14:29
Bruh I can’t be the only one who thought for a sec that Discord won
Bill may have won but discord got the last laugh
Bill: You lost Discord: Well yes but actually no
Poor discord dude. Fluttershy is gonna be so sad 😢
Did someone translate the ending? Cuz that'd be great 👍
They should do a Battle Royale between all the Team Fortress 2 merchs to see who is the best one.
Bill may have won the fight, but he lost when Discord tricked him into his old home.
No offense, but the favoritism towards Bill is too noticeable. Since when can Bill resist a memory wipe? Since when can he get someone out of his mind without making a contract? Since when can Bill regenerate his eye so quickly? They are nothing more than fanboys.  The worst thing is that they later contradict themselves in the post-fight analysis. Bill infinite +1 >>> Discord Infinite? Good joke, but it's not funny.
Discord turning the boys live action was a nod to Gravity Falls when Dipper and Wendy drove through a chaos bubble.
14:54 Bendy cameo
Anyone know what Bill said at the end? I can't understand reverse speak.
The now the dungeon master vs. bill cip- oh god BILL GOD DAMN IT GET BACK INTO YOUR MF CHESS BOARD!!
The only way Cole is gonna win that fight is if they use evil version of him. I love Cole he’s one of my favorite video game characters but there’s no way he can beat Alex. Alex’s powers are just way to strong also there’s the simple fact that all Alex has to do is cut/touch Cole and he’ll easily infect or absorb him.
Wow the animation in this and the voice acting I gotta say this is probably my favorite death battle now
Discord can't beat Bill Cipher. but, at least he can trap Bill Cipher. great job Discord or should I say "GOAT"
I’m surprised no one is mentioning it but the note discord was writing at the start of the fight is there infront of fluttershy. This implies that discord KNEW how the fight would go and end and it was a goodbye message for her and not a letter to celestia.
Loving the creativity of this episode and change of dimensions. Amazing work. This show has grown in quality throughout the years.
Wait… boomstick has a daughter? Will we see her?
So Discord won by losing. Yes Bill Cipher won but at what cost? Sorry but in my eyes Discord won. This honestly might be the best Death Battle match I've seen visually. Not only that writing wise it's genuinely spot on.
1:38 z swf'y eqcf wnao kbdeidi okect ???  4:08 elevn deez nutz hah
I’m sure people noticed that when Discord said, “I’m surprised you don’t recognize your old home.” is a reference to when Stanley said to Bill, “Welcome to my mind, surprised you didn’t recognize it.”
At the end of the animation, I legitimately thought Discord won. It looked like he simply vanished back to Equestria and left Bill in the pocket dimension. It wasn't until the post fight explanation that I realized that Bill won. This is something that I personally don't have answer as to who would win. I lean more towards discord, but that is simply my fan-bias. I would say that the animation was a Pyrrhic victory for Discord, but Bill is the "winner" by default since he managed to get rid of Discord.
Dorito un clásico xd
Still waiting on that rematch between Rainbow Dash and Starscream due to technicalities. Null Ray = sniper rifle (see Transformers: War for Cybertron), organic-based nervous systems and energon don't mix (see Transformers Prime), and Starscream (being a ghost) could have just left while giving Rainbow Dash a nasty case of indigestion to the point of vomiting ectoplasm (see Pac Man and the Ghostly Adventures for ectoplasm barfing, Dany Phantom's Technus for technology ghost logic).
This one had puppets. Best episode ever.
Pure chaos reality warper vs pure chaos reality warper. I think it's my favorite DB fight, though there's not much room to analyze.
Did anyone spot the Dipper and Maple ponies lol
I need to see team rwby vs the teen titans
Next death battle is going to be the best one this season sorry yall
Bill may have won the battle but Discord won the war.
Bobby Boucher vs Forrest Gump
I’ve been waiting for this video since 2017, I will say I sadly agree with this outcome.  Now can I get American Dads: Stan Smith VS Archers: Sterling Archer
😂😂
@DEATH BATTLE! I was wondering for Halloween theme death battle this year if you could make Ash Williams from (Evil Dead) fight Herbert West from (Re-Animator) it would be so cool if you guys did that. Comment and like everyone so that this gets attention and that we can all get this Death Battle which a lot of people have been asking for since last year.  Edit: Really guys no one wants to see this video come on guys!!!
Yes bill
This is the best animated Death Battle ever. The attention to detail is incredible!
Do shredder and batman Do shredder and batman Do shredder and batman  Do shredder and batman DO SHREDDER AND F*CKING BATMAN!!!
For me the truth is that I wanted a battle between two beings of chaos
Can anyone translate what bill said in reverse at the end of the video?
I'm less than 2 minutes in and i can already tell this one is gonna be amazing
PLEASE do Jimmy Neutron vs Dexter
I'm curious as to who summoned Bill.
'Public Service Announcement: If a yellow triangle in a top hat offers you a Faustian bargain, please do not accept! He might be angry at us.' Ironic that he is speaking to a community which laughed at the destruction of an entire universe. And double ironic is that Death Battle has been giving universes to evil people for 10 years.  Cole better get the W.
Those sparkles… his essence of discord lives on in the nightmare realm. I’m calling it he shall return somehow.
Critters vs Gremlins would be a great death battle
*Me trying to figure out what Bill said at the end *  "I said some gibberish-"
Honestly pretty good battle. Both ended up essentially alive (one trapped, the other will reappear because embodiment of chaos), Bill won the Death Battle, Discord won the war by trapping him back there.  But I was thinking about something... (thanks to Discord getting the last laugh, made me think this)   If the fight goes the same way, wouldn't Discord have won by simply making an equal clone? (like he likes to do)  So Bill ends up trapped, Discord dies, but then he technically isn't dead cuz there's another him somewhere safe. Thus Bill imprisoned, Him safe. Idk, just random thought
I would say Discord actually win at the end of the fight all to save the ponies, he may have died and Bill Cipher is the winner, but Discord at the end is the true winner.
Bill vs SpongeBob
Fun fact discord could be revived as long as someone chaotic exists and guess what bill did
ok the next death battle is actually something i have wanted to see this should be good
AkashicRecords has now eaten deathbattle
SUGGESTION: Dr. Manhattan WATCHMAN/DC COMICS vs.  Franklin Richards MARVEL COMICS
When I was a kid, I used to like Gravity Falls but the whole ending sucked including every character, so I hate it the worst!
This was a great fight you know I hope you eventually do the Scarlet King vs the Chaos King that would be an awesome fight because it is actually closer than most people think but the Scarlet King would win anyway why did I think think Discord won without killing Bill until the post-fight breakdown
Anyone know what Bill says in reverse at the end?
Oh *my god* this was good. The ANIMATION!!! The SCRIPT!!! The creativity, the inventiveness, the ARC!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAA This was easily my favorite DB ever, and the ending was just... *cinema*.
I'll admit, I was waiting for Discord to whip out a stolen brush. Guy has a lot of access to unicorn hair.
I'm not trying to disagree with anyone or anything, but the moment I saw the whole video, something just keeps lingering in my mind! If Discord was able to trick Bill back into his prison dimension, then why didn't he just do that at the beginning, I understand that this series uses facts and logic, but they also know that everything is on speculation! This is a battle of brains as well as power, and since both combatants have big egos, then Discord should have used Bill's evil ego against him, trick him into thinking he won, and then trap him again as a move near the beginning! Discord is carefree, but he's not stupid and as soon as he noticed that the Mane Six stood no chance against Bill, then that should have triggered some obvious red flags to take it more seriously knowing that "his Fluttershy" was in danger! I'm not trying to disrespect anyone of course, I'm simply just pointing out something that bothered me a little, thank you!
The fact that "weird"day was on the drum set
Can someone remove the private videos on this death battle playlist
I'll be honest, I did not expect this episode of Death Battle to be this good. I was hesitant to watch this episode because I wasn't much of a fan of either character. But I decided to give it a chance, and I'm glad I did. This was the perfect combination of good music, goofy 4th wall breaking humor, and characterisation for the loser of the fight. This is definitely going in the top 10 Death Battles.
As a gravity falls fan, I urge you to watch the video again and in bill stats try and decipher the yellow letters, they're not gibberish they did a gravity falls lol, also reverse what bill said at the end. Iove that they put those tiny details there cause it lets me know they did the homework
Wiz Vs Boomstick
Hate the boi died, but at least he screwed Bill over. Screw the flavorless Dorito
Make a dual death battle between Susan and Mary Test vs Phineas and Ferb Fletcher
This ending reminds me of the Dragonborn Vs Chosen Undead battle Spoiler Warning the Dragonborn won but he extinguished the First Flame and condemned the world to eternal darkness Edit: also 14:54 is that Bendy?
Emperor Palpitine vs Ganondorf
I have question what did he said when he was announce that he won
Bill Cipher maybe a Dorito demon brat who the battle but Discord was the true hero and won the war!!!
judge vs sans....
I love that bill won but still got cucked by discord
I wanna see arale vs. Sheogorath
Absolutely loving the continuation of these videos, very entertaining I’d love to see one of Deadshot VS Bullseye or Rick Sanchez VS Stewie Griffin
Arale would be a better combatant
Discord won.
Finally we get to see Cole vs Alex!!
Yooo prototype vs infamous!!! These were my games!😅😮
The animation, transitions, and editing in this fight are AMAZING. Fantastic work
Alex about to learn to how bring the thunder.
Sure let's make a deal
You should do bill cipher vs the Titan from The Owl House
Bills power of weird is exactly the same energy Discord is known to feed off of this would essentially create a perpetual loop in which Discord could continually regenerate infinitely back into his physical form and Bill would need to destroy body and soul simultaneously.
“Sure, I love checkers!”  *drops chess piece*  “Go fish!”  My favorite gag out of the whole episode. Bill Cipher is always fun to watch, despite how evil he is.
Someone should send this to the creator of gravity falls and/or the voice of bill cipher and have them react to it. It would be really interesting seeing their reactions
Discord lol
This was definitely a matchup that I've been looking forward to for a long time, thanks Death Battle!
Did anyone else get ad when he thanos snapped 10:33
‘Akzkl
Bill >>>>>>Discord No-Low diff (I'm sorry if the kids can't accept a simple fact)
Did anyone else see Bendy and Cuphead in the black and white section I might be crazy but I think Bendy vs cuphead might happen season. I could be wrong, but it’s just a thought.
Me: sure kill yourself Bill < in the most painful way.
Fav episode of death battle so far
Has anyone else decoded all the coded phrases yet?
This was by far one of the best death battles on this channel and you cannot convince me otherwise.
Omg! They did my suggestion! I requested this like 3 years ago. They finally did it! Thank you!
I'm glad this Death Battle is over. This one goes in my unfavorite list. And its not because of Gravity Falls its cause of my Lil Pony.
My respects
Saiki K from 'The Disastrous Life of Saiki K' vs. Wang Ling from 'Daily Life of the Immortal King'  Yujiro Hanma from Baki vs Akuma from Street Fighter  Cocain Bear vs Yogi Bear?
we need soemone to fight gear 5 luffy
Please do a luffy vs naruto
Excellent way to end it.
This is a real fun, one even more fun than Deadpool versus the mask.
Yea… no, not happening, not in a million years. You guys have no sense.
What about the Arisen from Dragons Dogma dark Arisen vs the character from Kingdoms of Amalur: Re-Reckoning
Ok, can you please do percy jackson vs Linh song( Percy Jackson and the olympians vs keeper the lost cities) day 6 of asking
Wtf is this.
Saxton hail from tf2 bs senater armstrong from metal gear rising
Next DB Blue Beetle vs Ant-Man!!! Please
It took me a ridiculously long amount of time to realize exactly what was "Discord's" last move. For those of you just a confused as me, with his last reality bending effort discord tossed Bill back into his original dimension that he was trapped in at the beginning of 'Gravity Falls', before he was then immediately defeated. Forcing Bill to 'start all over' in his approach to consuming dimensions again.
X
Bill may have won the battle but Discord for sure won everything else. Saved his friend and her friends and locked Bill back in the nightmare dimension.   Discord the actual winner of this fight
How discord lost he change the genders of a IDW comic, is like the one above (from Marvel comics) all is more powerful than the writer of the comic
This episode was so good that the finale has so much to live up too lol
This video made me realize that the most scientifically accurate interpretation of god… was literally from a show about small rainbow horses with magic tattoos  discovering the power of friendship
bills power would probably break the bell
Omg I just noticed macho man and koolaid man in the background
There's no way I'm the only one that saw bendy when they were traveling through different realities
Just spit balling, but:  Kim Possible & Ron Stoppable  VS  Carmen & Juni Cortez (Spy Kids)  Is that anything?
I haven't seen MLP but Bill both Winning and "Losing" at the same time fits Bill to a T.
He my had lost the fight but he won  the war
As somebody who watched both shows, I knew Bill was going to win. Discord had more vulnerabilities than Bill did.  But the fact that Discord outsmarted Bill and sealed him away from Equestria gave him some form of a win.  Bill has won the battle But Discord won the war  True, Bill won't be trapped forever, nothing ever does last forever, but it at least gives Equestria time for prepare. It may be alot of time, it may be a small amount of time, but it has to count for something.  To watch a fictional character you don't want to win, win the fight, and you know they will, but the plot twist of their victory ending up bittersweet. It just feels amazing man.
Wow. That was quite a match. And while it's been said Bill won... I see it more as a tie because while Discord did lose the fight, he won the war by imprisoning Bill once again.
bill may have won, but discord got the last laugh
THIS WAS SO GOOD
Finally a death battle where I can skip the background
16:30 What does Discord say at the end of his sentence? "...you don't recognize your old ____"  I seriously cannot tell what he said at the end.
God, this was insane
19:25 “Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. Buy gold. Bye.”
Bill Cipher may have the Death Battle, but even when he won, he lost Equestria. Discord proved that sometimes the best way, the only way to win, is to lose.
I love InFamous, but I'm pretty sure Mercer has this. Having played all the InFamous games and only having secondhand knowledge of Prototype...Conduits just don't have the same healing factor.
kenpachi should fight the winner
Discord is more of a trickster god of chaos, all he cares about is having fun and playing with people not necessarily in being evil or enjoying the pain of others just the fun of a god chaotic prank. Like Loki    But Bill He’s a demon. He enjoys playing with the lives of those around him, delights in the torture of his “pranks” and see the things that surround him as nothing more than playthings in the most dangerous ways possible.   They are both Tricksters and Entities of Chaos  But it’s the minutiae of HOW they trick people and commit chaos that makes them who they are. Discord is a mischievous guy who just enjoys a good prank or joke with the powers to help.   Bill is a insane sociopath who plays with his victims in the most cruel ways possible. It’s no wonder bill took the W but it’s a nice slice of character in the battle that Discord still won in his own way. Cause he wasn’t out to kill bill  Just to save his friend.  More death battles like this one please
So if he got reincarnated to a different place and time does that mean King from The Owl House is his reincarnation?
I would like to see Bloom from Winx Club in a battle.
On the death battle champions ballot vote for Luz vs Anne
Sponsored by draft kings and better help. Go gamble and then get help when you can't control it lol
Yes I would like to Make a Deal
Plastic man vs luffy (all forms)
Black hat (villainous) vs alastor
Discord died but got the seal
Are we sure that wis isn't stanfords brother
Very nice animation! By the way did anyone notice bendy in the cartoon part?
Damn, I was not expecting  to tear up for Fluttershy 😢
NGL, any episode where the combatants are canonical fourth-wall breakers are some of the best episodes of Death Battle~
Kid Danger: *wearing his big trucker pup outfit and slaps his face with his hoof* ugh! i am going hate myself for even saying this, but, i hope Discord wins!
In my opinion, discord win that, he died but win
I love how bill thought he could invade the dbz-verse
Has anyone played what Bill says at 19:24 in reverse?
Technically Discord won, because he stopped Billy and sealed him away to save his friends, sure it cost him his life, but he was still able to stop Billy. That's like saying a Minato Namikaze a lost because they died by sealing away the Nina Tails Fox
One thing I noticed, Discord gets stronger from chaos, during the fight, he was fixing Bill Weirdmacgdeon, making himself weaker as the fight went on
top teir death battle btw, thanks for all the hard work
anyone wanna be a total chad and take that jumbled backwards text at the very end of the post battle break down at 19:24-19:29 and run that through a backwards audio thing and see what it says and then reply so i can know
what did bill say at the end when it went backwards?
I was hoping this would be one of those death battles that would end in a draw but nope
Discord might've lost the battle, but chaos exists wherever life exists. He'll be back, it's just going to take some time.
Throfinn from Vinland Saga VS. Goblin Slayer
You should remaster the master chief vs doom guy fight
Aye you did he say no more mutants in that comic strip 😮
I would love Alex using cole's powers
I personally don't know either show or character still was entertaining.
Me encantaría ver cómo al final Alex usa los poderes de Cole
14:20 😂
Discord may have lost, but Bill certainly didn't win either.
All fun and games until Deadpool comes back
Next DEATH BATTLE... TOPH VS TERRA (Avatar The Last Airbender) vs (Teen Titans)⛰️⛰️⛰️⛰️
Really surprised unicorn hair didn’t come into play in a way bigger way tbh
I see it more as a draw than anything.
This was the most creative fight you guys have done yet.
Don’t quite buy this outcome since Bill is shown to be practically powerless if he hasn’t taken physical form or isn’t in the dream realm, but I guess in that scenario its just another stalemate lol
I love how people think discord is still alive, it would be nice... If bill didn't destroy the spirit of discord, thats the only known way discord can actually die besides not being chaotic
The bewitcing bell drains magic, not energy. Just thought I'd clarify that.
Anyone else notice during the toon transition, Bendy (in place of a flower) and Cuphead (plane imitating a bee) made an appearance? Wonder what that means… 🙃
I've never watched either show, but if they portrayed both characters exactly like they are in their respective franchises then Discord seems like a character I would really like. Respect to him for saving his friends. RIP
Discord watched GF and didn't know about the unicorn hair weakness?
Ok but bill has an obvious weakness with unicorn hair and if discord could make anything he can just make unicorn hair
i like to imagine this is an endless cycle between the two
Discord should of won
I have a few ideas but not much to go off of
Do a Death Battle between.....  Darth Vader vs Alarak.
We finally got the battle we wanted and needed!  !OOT EMIT TUOBA S'TI
I saw bendy pause on 14:54
Discord IS the GOAT that ending f***ing hurt in every way
Now i want to see starscream vs Bill
8:10 That Rainbow Dash Presentation
This has got to be one of the most creative and fun matchups to date
Ok, while the animation is peak, I do have to put a damper on things, because the feat that gave Bill the win is not real. Basically, the scene they show to prove Bill damaging and destroying souls, shows no such thing. For context, that scene comes from an episode which mostly takes place in Grunkle Stans head, as Bill had invaded it, they are more mental projections then souls, and the two 'people' Bill destroys are manifestations of Mabel's imagination. Also, when Bill shoots through Dipper, Dipper is completely fine afterwards. So unless we are planning to scale Dipper to universal, this is not a real feat.
I hate this channel's favoritism to some characters so they can win
Y'all need to line up some more Bill Cipher fights
Gonna have to disagree with this one a bit but still a great episode. I feel like even if unicorn hair can’t hurt Bill it still is something he can’t get through. It was used for defense on the shack, not just offense. I think discord could just pop in, say “hey twilight mind if I borrow some hair, thanks, byyyyye” and Bill couldn’t touch him. And even ignoring that possibility it’s really weird to assume the bell just… wouldn’t work.  But despite all this… I think this should’ve been a rare double KO honestly. Discord did start burning down Bills mind after all.
Anyone know what "A Hdu'b vjxu dmzl kywvrwr lpvxg" decodes to?
this might be the greatest death battle episode so far...
19:25 Can someone  decipher what Bill said? No pun intended
Discords laugh right before he perished was endearing. Bro really managed to get the last laugh
Huh. Surprised you guys didn't make use of the fact that Discord is 1/16th Unicorn. He's Alicornian, and his head is that of a Unicorn.
Translation for what Bill said in the  ending…  “Reality is illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold. Byeeeeee”
14:54 Bendy?! What are you doing here?!
NO, DISCORD!!!  😢😢😢
With how well discord played bill at the end, it doesn’t matter if bill killed him a thousand times bc bill still lost in every other way lmao ✨🐀
I would like to see a fight between Invincible vs Superboy or Gohan
This is the best death battle.
I'm pretty sure Bill didn't even die in the finale in his own show, the memory eraser like only worked for a few moments as the memories inside Stan like recovered moments later. Even if he wasn't part of Stan's memories and therefore couldn't regenerate himself & control Stan, the Cipher Hunt made it canon that He is still inside Stan's mind.   If making a deal with Bill Cipher is extremely dangerous and not recommended under any circumstances, why in the world most of the recordings are by Stan? What's more he encourages the hunters to shake the statue's hand for a potential prize, this is clearly not Stan's speaking but Bill's.   This means in a way, Bill Cipher can never dies while Discord can be killed. Well at least Discord died heroically, at least he tried
Yami sukehiro vs kenpachi zaraki
YES finally infamous vs prototype looking forward to that
Ther is no profesy Ther is onli mee
Great. Now we need to find an opponent to kill Bill Cipher. Discord must be avengeddddddd!
I love everything about the ending. It’s so unique. Bill wins but gets screwed over. The look of anger, the scream of frustration, and the victory pose that feels fresh out of a fighting game.
Discord went out on his own terms. Respect
This is...literally incredible
I don't know if anyone noticed but right when Bill starts trying to blast Discord and the world flips around you can see a spider man pony and then a lady bug pony from miraculous lady bug so we might get spiderman vs lady bug
Death Battle has really stepped up it's storytelling. Extremely well animated and well executed. Having a winner of the battle that didn't necessarily win the war. Noice
This is my new favorite battle for a while it has been Galactus vs Thanos( my first battle)
This could be cannon if the industries allowed it.
They talk about how Discord could come back... but he didn't die anywhere in the MLP Multiverse, so his essence might just be gone. If that world requires a being of Chaos to exist, chances are equally good that a new one would appear- maybe potentially friendly like Discord, maybe malevolent. Maybe somewhere inbetween, but either way I wouldn't count on a happy ending, at least not right away.
I've seen that Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas reference, and I have to wonder, does Discord watch Parasyte: The Maxim?
This is thr best animatiok in DB since one punch man haha
Iron Giant VS Liberty Prime.
First death battle in a while I’ve liked and rewatched several times haha y’all outdid yourselves with the end wow made me tear up haha love heroic sacrifices coupled with a believable way for the characters on a even playing field thank you for this
I was mostly just wondering how much they could mess up reality.
Can we get pennywise and Beetlejuice for Halloween?
What did bull say in reverse at the end?
I love how even though discord lost the battle he still won the war in the end
Wiz vs boomstick 👀🫣
13:26
No one can bit Illuminati
Wait did discord say “Home” or “Power”?
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
Discord die protecting his friends, an honorable sacrifice in my opinion😢 Should make a statue in his honor
Most hilarious death battle episode ever 😂😂😂😂
You know something is dangerous when it’s named after the most hellish website on the internet.
One of the best death battles! Just because of the different styles and such.  While I'm a way bigger fan of Discord, I'm very happy with this outcome. I knew from the beginning that Discord may lose because of his care free attitude. Bill is evil and bloodthirsty. Discord is not. So, while I believe Discord is stronger and smarter, he is way more cocky. Even after getting defeated multiple times, he still let's his guard down. HOWEVER, his primary goal was to keep the main 6 safe, and he did that. Who's to say he would've actually fought to win. He wants to have a good time and protect his friends. If you made them both equally bloodthirsty, Bill wouldn't stand a chance.  Omg did Discord leave a goodbye letter?! There must be a few bronies in Death Battle! That's amazing attention to detail
Cant help it but to laugh 😆😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Can y’all do fast nd furious vs expandables 💀🤣 I would love to see that
You sould have done bill cipher vs golb(adventure time) but still this was an amazing fight nonetheless
I can safetly say, this was a pyric victory. Sure he was able to destroy discord but he now remains trapped back where he started.
bill after realizing he's not getting out of the nightmare realm this time (we've all seen the show):
Was not prepared for wiz and boomstick to body swap with their voice actors. 👏 nice
Lois Lane vs April O'Neil Guin vs King Dexter vs Jimmy Neutron
Bill vs the mask ?
Now bill have to face off against the mask
Im sure MLP fans are sad at Discord losing, but out of all the attemps of MLP fans to garner more watchers of their show, that emotional ending might be the thing that finally convinces me.   Genuinely one of the best emotional endings DB has ever done. I was super sad the ponies would never see Discord again, and yet glad he stopped Bill from getting close to them, or anyone else. Bravo DB team.
I'm suprised the unicorn hair didn't come into play in the fight, considering Discord has a huge supply of it in his own dimension.
Glad to see the Death Battle animation budget being used so well
With how much went into this episode it really feels like a season finale over a normal episode. Really well done!
I like that Discord managed to save their dimension from Bill before getting defeated! Friendship truly is magic.
Oh, I watched Gravity Falls. My daughter watched the whole series 10 times) We have a lot of books on this topic))) I found out who Bill Shiver is)))
Here's a recommendation for you... How about amethyst vs Jake the dog?
House of the Owl collector Against Jevil Can make a battle pj
I was getting snacks and breakfast for watching this.🌌📺🥓🍳🍊🥤🍿🍩
Death Battle idea: Sterling Archer vs Austin Powers
I'm so angry about this. Yes I am biased to Discord.
"Tell Jean Luc his show is worse than "Code of Honor"!"  That's a cold line there. 🤣
Haven't watched any of these shows but I quite enjoyed this episode with these OP characters.
Befor watching this battle, bill certainly seems to hold nearly every overpowered hax abilities advantage PLUS his downfall only came after a brilliant scientist took decades to finally find a way to grt rid of Bill . Meanwhile Discord seems uh .. kinda dimwitted..
Discord: Lost the Battle; Won the War
Can we get a fight between the Big 3? Ichigo vs Naruto vs Luffy.
Emerpus sngier llib!
I disagree with this episodes outcome, so it should show this episode’s quality when I say this is the best thing you guys have ever done.
I didn't realize how much of a douche Bill was.
Although Discord was ultimately defeated, he made sure to trap Cipher in his own hell
Well... now I'm wondering when and if we'll finally see Aku make an appearance.
19:25 For all who wanted to know what bill said at the end, he said "reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram buy gold bye" in reverse
The transitions from pixel art to line art is impressive
Raven beats Dark Phoenix because Raven can regenerate her soul while Dark Phoenix can't regenerate Jean Grey's soul.  Bill Cipher beats Discord because Bill Cipher can regenerate his soul while Discord can't regenerate his soul.  Regenerating souls is apparently the new stalemate breaker between two powerful reality warpers.
The fact these guys provided Discord with twice as many powers, infinite speed, and chaos empowerment yet somehow decided Bill wins is ridiculous. Like dude, Discord would get stronger from Bill's shenanigans
Discord truly showing that some victories aren't win.
16:57 Pi$$ off, you three-sided a$$hole… 😡
Love that fight🪬⚠️🤌🐉 please do a Smg4 vs Sonic exe video 😈🩸🦔🤜🔵💻 it was be so great 💙❤️‍🔥
13:26 Fight intro  13:55 Fight starts
discord is fluttershys boyfriend get it right
19:24 “ reality’s an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye”
Should have been Discord vs Q
spoiler:                    🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ I was spectin a self destruction in case of defeat/draw but never crossed my mind trapping Bill in the nightmare dimension!!! 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮 My idea was trick Bill in Discord mind and then use a "self memory erase" or "time travel to receive the blast from the elements"
Despite all of his flaws discord proved that he was not only a good man But a good friend as well and maybe just maybe a hero as well
Just for giggles y’all should do Stewie from Family Guy vs Jimmy Neuteon from Nickelodeon
13:26
Can you please do another kaiju fight
fun fact: this episode officially broke the record for most animation mediums used in a death battle  Saitama vs popeye: sprites, 3D hand drawn  Discord vs bill: sprites claymation, live action, hand drawn
The people working on this episode had to have been huge fans of both these shows.  That is the only explaination for why the animation is so damn good.  Like on top of a lot of the 2d stuff looking like it came straight out of their respective series, the background work is amazing as well and Bill VA does an amazing impression, sounds almost exactly like the official VA.  Also some of the shots/idea are amazing, like Bill holding a soul with his shattered glass eye bleeding black blood is so good it should be in a official Gravity Falls episode.  Like no joke, that is like top 5 Bill Cipher shots/scenes level good, it looks that official.
How about Eric (The Crow) vs Jason Tod (Red Hood)
I think The Mask should have been included in this.
Bro there are so many references in this episode, anyone else notice the bendy reference when they're fighting through different realities?
Just To Clarify, Discord’s Body Wasn’t Destroyed, Just Banned From The School Grounds
I’m not too bothered by the result, but I feel that they didn’t quite understand Discord’s spirit powers, unless there’s something more clear about it in the comics.   They repeatedly say that if Discord’s physical form is gone he can return as a spirit, but this actually hasn’t been shown in the show, as he has never completed lost his physical form.   The scene they kept showing of him being blasted and what looks like “disintegrating”, then coming back as a ghost is pretty out of context- it wasn’t his form being destroyed, rather a spell which sent him away and banished from the location. This simply prevented his physical body from entering the grounds, kind of like how unicorn hair prevented Bill from touching the shack. However, in Discord’s case, he easily bypassed this magic by entering in a spirit form.   The only way we’ve been shown his spirit could fully disappear is the ‘normal pills’ moment. Discord has only ever taken damage/been hurt when he’s without his magic.  Like I can justify that yeah Bill getting a hold of him as a spirit and killing him the way he did could work, but the fact that Discord so easily lost his physical form from a chess piece falling on him was kinda.. ?   He has purposely let himself get blasted in the face with powerful dark magic just so he could pretend to be dying to motivate everyone else to fight and stop relying on his OP powers 😭 I was really surprised that THAT is how little it took to force him to become a spirit.   gg still I guess
Im not gonna lie. This episode felt much more  special and well done than most if not every season finale that theyve done. I know that this isn't the last episode of the season but it would have made an excellent episode to close it out.
I want more episodes in sock puppet form.
So MLP has a whole comic series that goes far more insane? And Teen Titans also has a comic called Team Titans Go based on the original which also has awesome content? Can we just have re released of shows but just the comics? If Sonic had the comics into a one to one show, it would be the most epic and heart breaking sagas of the decade.
The fact that discord saved the ponies and flutter shy was sadly calling for him was wholesome af.
I didn't fully understand why Discord lost. In his own show, he used his power much more freely than Bill, who only got full power for the finale, but even then he seemed a bit limited. Also, Discord can freely travel between dimensions unlike Bill, who needs someone to open a gate for him. So if Discord locked Bill back then he could leave himself. Also, Ford said that his gun could kill Bill on some level, he just missed the shot and only hit Bill's hat. Also, Discord is able to manipulate and dispel the magic of his opponents. So it seems to me at least that Discord is the freer one. After all, he is chaos and only order can defeat him. But I liked that they showed the scheming side of Discord. Like when he knew that the princes wanted to defeat him with the elements of harmony and since he couldn't do anything about it, he planted those creepers to weaken the tree of harmony and kidnap the princesses. This was one of the best videos on the channel so far. Very quality work! Congratulations!
As a fairly hardcore brony, i'm proud we have Discord. You may have Cipher, but Discord won in the end, by sacrificing himself for his friends.. and thats a win in my book.
cipher wins
For awhile there, I thought that Discord had won the battle by locking Bill back in his own reality... and then I saw the comparison list and was all... wait Bill looks WAY better.  Then they announced that Bill had won... then I was all...ohhhhh man do I feel dumb.
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war.
Yuerine in Dropped kick on my devil vs Chainsaw masacure in a chain saw battle.
I actually thought this was gonna be a draw or stand still.
A liked what Discord have done ❤❤❤❤
So basically discord lost to a glowing dorito
This is one of the best fights animated here between reality warpers. The va's were spot on too
the animation, voice acting and the music it is just all AMAZING insane great job was so much fun :D !
Can we get knull god of symbiotes vs trigon
Did anyone catch that reversed text at the end there?
COLE VS ALEX LETSS GOOOOOOOOO
I'm sure, this is the first Death Battle where the winner still lost at the end even after killing his opponents
Bill was acting like a kid
Nice fight. Loved the changes in animation. Now as for that episode where Discord almost dies that is from not using his chaotic magic so maybe but it dose mean if he doesn't use his magic at all times he will fade away. Although 2 theorys have come up in my mind. One he is the last of his kind  with  all there power in one and his power will kill him if not used or two he is a spirit just a vary powerful.... poltergeist or whatever spiritual entity would be equal to that. If the second is right then this match could just go on forever.
This has to be the first time one of the combatants went into the match, knowing the outcome was not in their favor and the goal was to protect than defeat his opponent.   I will definitely give credit and respect to Discord for willingly sacrificing himself just to keep Fluttershy safe. That note he written in the beginning was proof he knew he lost before it began, he just tried to keep Bill trapped and it worked.
19:24 This is Bill saying "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, BUY GOLD! Byeeeeeeee!" Oh that wacky tacky Bill.
say if one were to accept a deal with said top hat triangle for a PS10 what would happen just asking for a friend?
Note to self: watch this while absolutely baked.
Call him what you will but Discord is an example of what a chimera is.
(Son of Ogre) Baki vs (Ultimate Muscle) Kid Muscle... or ya know their dad's could fight it out 😆
Man this is the weirdest Doritos Ad I’ve ever seen
Since when is Boomstick a father!?
They finally remember that death battle. I look forward to seeing it.
It's much more satisfying when the loser gets a narrative conclusion in the fight! Really happy that you guys started doing that.
6-3 this season for guessing the winner ahead of time. For the next episode, I'm going to Alex Mercer wins just by dint of his ability to survive a nuclear explosion. Yes, the explosion reduced him to a puddle of goo, but said puddle was still able to move around. I don't know if MacGrath has ever put out that level of power, or is even capable of it in a single attack.
Season 3?
So wait that means bill could come back like are you serious,and I'm shocked that he once possessed George Washington I can't believe he took the easy way out all because he wanted to beat  the British by making a deal with a monster 😒😒
15:13 Bill just had to take a shot at Picard
This right here is proof that both fighters can be winners and losers! Bill may have won the fight but he was back in his realm, and even though Discord lost he still won by protecting his pony friends. Plus, I'm pretty sure he's not gonna stay dead anyway since there will always be chaos and discord. But all and all definitely a new DB favorite of mine!
Boomstick is my spirit animal. "ah blissful ignorance"
So I’m confused did it end in a draw?
black adam vs thor
The puppets omg hands down best bit in DEATH BATTLE history
Ben 10 VS Zygarde (Ben 10 VS Pokemon) Ben 10 VS Link (Cartoon Network VS Nintendo) Ben 10 VS Shulk (Ben 10 VS Xenoblade Chronicles) Ben 10 VS Jaden Yuki (Ben 10 VS Yu-Gi-Oh) Acnologia VS Zygarde (Fairy Tail VS Pokemon) Acnologia VS Kaido (Fairy Tail VS One Piece) Acnologia VS Grima (Fairy Tail VS Fire Emblem) Acnologia VS Ridley (Fairy Tail VS Metroid) Megatron VS Acnologia (Transformers VS Fairy Tail) Megatron VS Cy-Kill (Transformers VS GoBots) Megatron VS Sinestro (Transformers VS DC) Megatron VS Helios (Transformers VS Bakugan) Aang VS Zygarde (Avatar VS Pokemon) Aang VS Aladdin (Avatar VS Magi) Aang VS Kyogre (Avatar VS Pokemon) Aang VS Danny Phantom (Avatar VS Danny Phantom) Destoroyah VS Zygarde (Toho VS Pokemon) Destoroyah VS Doomsday (Toho VS DC) Destoroyah VS Cell (Toho VS Dragon Ball) Destoroyah VS Meruem (Toho VS Dragon Ball) Chaos VS Zygarde (Sonic VS Pokemon) Chaos VS Kyogre (Sonic VS Pokemon) Chaos VS Cell (Sonic VS Dragon Ball) Chaos VS Garland (Sonic VS Final Fantasy) Angemon VS Saint Walker (Digimon VS DC) Angemon VS Zygarde (Digimon VS Pokemon) Angemon VS Dark Magician (Digimon VS Yu-Gi-Oh) Angemon VS Kratos (Digimon VS God Of War) Zygarde VS SkullGreymon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Zygarde VS MagnaAngemon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Zygarde VS BlackWarGreymon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Zygarde VS Superman (Pokemon VS DC) Futaba Sakura VS Joanna Dark (Persona VS Perfect Dark) Futaba Sakura VS Tari (Persona VS Meta Runner) Futaba Sakura VS Mickey Mouse (Persona VS Disney) Futaba Sakura VS Himawari Shinomiya (Persona VS Vividred Operation)
plz do dante from devil may cry vs kratos from God of war
funny thing is, this isn't even really a loss for Discord as long as chaos exists, he can come back Bill lost in every way that matters
Very fun episode, even more excited for the next one
Discord did not lose besides he probably just used his powers to copy his soul if anyone lost it's the other guy discord polly knew that he could probably trap him by copying his on so and plus do you think discord would ever leave Fluttershy
Anyone know what Bill said at the end there?
Ok, guess I've found my new favourite episode.
didn't Discord win by traping Bill in another deminssion
The way discord fight bill to protect his friends and save equestria as well his heroic sacrifice mirror the same way that stanley pines defeated bill before
"It is a stalemate.  I simply altered my premise for playing the game. Working under the assumption that Bill was attempting to win, it is reasonable to assume that he expected me to play for the same goal. I was playing only for a standoff, a draw. While Bill was dedicated to winning, I was able to pass up obvious avenues of advancement and settle for a balance. In the strictest sense, I did not win. I busted him up." -Discord    Nothing in my mind encapsulates the conclusion of this battle better than altering the quote of Data from Next generation.
I am not so certain Bill could since Discord is shown to be vastly more capable to manipulate the 4th Wall and the literal story itself. Then we have Bill being able to see infinite possibllities despite him never showing such abilities in any other media, i mean Bill was routinely out smarted and out manuevered in the Show from Gideon to the Pines family. Also discord would know Bills weaknesses so he could just summon a Unicorn hair armor and poof he is now invincible. Also Discord if far more crafty than you give him credit for, he purposely loses sometimes just to teach others a lesson. Also Discord is made of literal Chaos so you can never truly get rid of him so long as Chaos exists. Discord is on at least Deapool level when it comes to 4th wall manipulation. Also he can erase memories without entering a soul just touch or talk. Also discord is shown the ability to go into other dimesions so could he just send Bill into another Universe/dimesion Also I have never heard pf Bill breaking the fourth wall, I only know of the notes Bill leaves in the journals and they are more targeted at readers
I literally don't know either character in the next matchup...
The voices for each of the characters are perfect.
This was definitely a death battle where I was pleased and surprised by the outcome. This was definitely an interesting one and it was definitely without a doubt a close one. They were both iconic and famous powerful beings from two iconic universes are we’re fairly even with almost the same set of powers, but Bill Cipher was just more fierce than Discord. I mean while both may have been powerful and had a lot of versatility of powers in their own right (and shared some similar abilities), Bill Cipher’s allows him to handle oppositions almost just as crazy and have a slight edge over Discord where his own might and skills wasn’t enough to deal with Bill Cipher’s slightly vaster arsenal and dimensional might…plus Cartoon characters in general always have OP powers that are just different to handle; but is always fun to watch. Also, it was cool to see these two fight as well as seeing how while they may both be different they are also very similar; and the fact that they have an interesting rivalry…I could definitely see these being very interesting rivals. At least Discord got one last win when Bill defeated him by both saving his pony friends and locking Bill in his original home. This was definitely a good fight, a battle definitely worthy of being one of the best out there as well as being a great clash between two powerful and iconic powerhouses. Honestly this fight could've gone either way and either one of these two could've come out on top, but Discord just fell short when it came to the strength, powers and ruthless instincts of dimensional entity…Bill Cipher  P.s. The next battle will be interesting, I'm curious to see how it will turn out between Cole MacGraph and Alex Mercer since these are some outstanding characters from two iconic video games with interesting backstories plus the match-ups are pretty interesting and I’d love to see who would come out on top between these two iconic powerhouses. I have no idea how it will turn out for this battle (even if I have a slight idea how it will turn out...I honestly don't know who I'm routing for) but this will definitely be a great death battle regardless.
This could be a fun bloopers.
BEST BATTLE EVER
Greninja VS Pimple (Pokemon VS Battletoads) Greninja VS Shadow Man (Pokemon VS Mega Man) Greninja VS Stink Bomb (Pokemon VS Skylanders) Greninja VS Stealth Elf (Pokemon VS Skylanders) Clair VS Camilla (Pokemon VS Fire Emblem) Clair VS Astrid (Pokemon VS How To Train Your Dragon) Camilla VS Cornelia Ii Britannia (Fire Emblem VS Code Geass) Camilla VS Mei Mei (Fire Emblem VS Jujutsu Kaisen) Camilla VS Akeno Himejima (Fire Emblem VS High School DXD) Camilla VS Haru Okumura (Fire Emblem VS Persona) Futaba Sakura VS Penny (Persona VS Pokemon) Futaba Sakura VS Narancia Ghirga (Persona VS JoJo's Bizarre Adventure) Futaba Sakura VS Erika Mishima (Persona VS Digimon) Futaba Sakura VS Tecna (Persona VS Winx Club) Noivern VS Musa (Pokemon VS Winx Club) Noivern VS Nightscream (Pokemon VS Transformers) Noivern VS Hatsune Miku (Pokemon VS Vocaloid) Noivern VS Eqoloptera (Pokemon VS Nexomon Extinction) Houndoom VS Jenny Wakeman (Pokemon VS My Life As A Teenage Robot) Houndoom VS How To Train Your Dragon Houndoom VS Dobermon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Houndoom VS Kate & Humphrey (Pokemon VS Alpha & Omega) Hydreigon VS Cyber End Dragon (Pokemon VS Yu-Gi-Oh) Hydreigon VS Screaming Death (Pokemon VS How To Train Your Dragon) Hydreigon VS Grim Matchstick (Pokemon VS Cuphead) Hydreigon VS The Wither (Pokemon VS Minecraft) Zygarde VS Pnuema (Pokemon VS Xenoblade Chronicles) Zygarde VS Voltron (Pokemon VS Voltron) Zygarde VS Metroplex (Pokemon VS Transformers) Zygarde VS Black Sperm (Pokemon VS One Punch Man)
Certain entities cannot be killed, only trapped or sealed... then the cycle is repeated for the next would be challengers
We wanna see Yujiro vs Kenichi I need a personal debate resolved
Bill may have won the battle, but discord won their war and literally beat him in 4D chess. Bill is left fuming while Discord can rest in peace. Ggs
I think the rule of death battle is whoever pulls out the ultimate form first loses 😂
What about Bill Cipher vs Black Hat?🤔🤔
Just change the shows name to "Who's Battle is it Anyways?", where the data don't matter and the shiets made up
Bill has no goals, no hope, no love. He doesn't know...friendship is magic.
Bill slaps hands down
I just thought of another death battle matchup Huntress (DC) vs Petra MacNeary (Fire Emblem Three Houses). Battle of hunters and assassins.
The animation for this fight was amazing!
Alex Mercer vs Cole MacGrath? It's a longshot, but I hope they somehow include the tie breaker for their Zero Punctuation review.
Comment n. 2 KENPACHI VS RORONOA ZORO!!!!! Please 🙏
I thought discord would win 🏆 a battle right ✅️.
Also considering discord's laugh at the end combined with the letter and his friends safe at the end, I definitely believe he PLAYED him the entire time. Probably dipped as I said, left an expendable clone behind to fight bill after the chess piece scene. Or even... When he wrote the letter at the beginning, that letter WAS him. While the clone did the writing and fighting, while he transformed saved his friends and waited until the portal closed to be all "Don't worry fluttershy I am right here". He did think of a plan when he said "Friends of a friend", as we know.. His clones could also be considered his friends too.
I gotta say, this is probably the only death battles where "Running the data through ALL possibilities" would actually be impossible. right
This is honestly one the best written endings to death battle. And I barely watched either one of those shows.
You have a daughter Broomstick?
Once I’m free your both dead
13:25
Also looking forward to the release of the battle music on this one.
Cringe.
Saw that bendy
Infinite VS Ganondorf (Sonic VS Zelda) Infinite VS Greninja (Sonic VS Pokemon) Infinite VS Adam Warlock (Sonic VS Marvel) Infinite VS Aigami (Sonic VS Yu-Gi-Oh) Sonic The Hedgehog VS Preyas (Sonic VS Bakugan) Sonic The Hedgehog VS Greninja (Sonic VS Pokemon) Sonic The Hedgehog VS Mewtwo (Sonic VS Pokemon) Sonic The Hedgehog VS Reverse Flash (Sonic VS DC) Team Sonic VS Team Warrior (Sonic VS Zelda) Team Sonic VS Team Goku (Sonic VS Dragon Ball) Team Sonic VS Team Deku (Sonic VS My Hero Academia) Team Sonic VS Team Lilac (Sonic VS Freedom Planet) Sentry VS Asura (Marvel VS Asura's Wrath) Sentry VS Black Hand (Marvel VS DC) Sentry VS Solomon Grundy (Marvel VS DC) Sentry VS Spawn (Marvel VS Image Comics) Classic Sonic VS Baby Mario (Sega VS Nintendo) Classic Sonic VS Young Link (Sonic VS Zelda) Classic Sonic VS Kid Goku (Sonic VS Dragon Ball) Classic Sonic VS Paper Mario (Sonic VS Mario) Sonic The Werehog VS Midnight Lycanroc (Sonic VS Pokemon) Sonic The Werehog VS Werewolf Hulk (Sonic VS Marvel) Sonic The Werehog VS The Incredible Hulk (Sonic VS Marvel) Sonic The Werehog VS Demon King Tanjiro (Sonic VS Demon Slayer) Rouge The Bat VS Wario (Sonic VS Mario) Rouge The Bat VS Waluigi (Sonic VS Mario) Rouge The Bat VS Ivy Valentine (Sonic VS Soul Calibur) Rouge The Bat VS Roman Torchwick (Sonic VS RWBY) Greninja VS Black Star (Pokemon VS Soul Eater) Greninja VS Garnet (Pokemon VS Steven Universe) Greninja VS Iron Fist (Pokemon VS Marvel) Greninja VS Naruto (Pokemon VS Naruto)
Though I liked the fight, I will admit... Discord does have more power than Bill, since unlike Bill.. Discord didn't need someone to make a portal to fully manifest in another dimension, he could just leave at any point. Could just dip out and come back with more power easily. At most they would tie, having Discord leave a clone of himself to fight bill while the prime discord would save his friends. Just talking power here, Discord has more. Only times he ever lost, was with the elements or having his magic drained.
Very in character for Discord, always having the last laugh.  But then again, shouldn't a spirit of Chaos be replenished by Chaos?
Vegeta Vs Omni man 🙏
That was fantastic😂 I thought it was a real tie😂
Discord died for nothing since Bill now has a grudge against the pony universe and bill will be back WE ALL KNOW THAT
As a Gravity Falls fan, I was hoping Bill would lose. I find Bill's concept horrifying, so much power with so much ill intent. If Discord had won I'd be like "At least something can stop him"
Wait what did he say?
I'm kinda confused now. Who won? Lmao by the way, this video caught me off guard when they grabbed each other with their hands.
I didn't watched My Little Pony cause, duh, it's a cartoon made for girls, or for smaller audience, but man I watched gravity falls, it's one of the best shows I used to watch in my childhood and I gotta tell ya, Bill can be really intimidating
Only time where the winner won the battle but lost the war
Number 1 on trending eh?
Ah the animation and filming in this is peak
It seems your research team doesn't understand mathematics 😅
.MedMen Stock Running Up Fast! Health Services Directing DEA to Reschedule Marijuana! Buy MedMen Stock Today!! Mmnff............
Death battle falling off, we need more popular ones. Like ezio vs batman
Whoever said this match was rigged, should know that Bill Cipher existence is a rig
I'm a day late with my thoughts on this, but that's only because I don't really know what I could possibly say to do this justice. This is the most I've enjoyed an episode of Death Battle since Sauron vs Lich King and the most investment I've had in a combatant since Steven Universe vs Star Butterfly. This was probably going to be in my top ten favorite episodes even if it was just okay, but no, they had to go and make an actual masterpiece instead. The voice acting: on point. The visuals: wacky in the best possible way. The scale: beyond cosmic while never becoming boring. If Saitama vs Popeye didn't exist, this would be my number 1 Death Battle of all time, and it's still a close second in that regard
Skeletor vs red skull for next Death Battle!!!  Let's vote to make this happen!!!
One problem with the death battle being in Equestria there are no all seeing eyes in MLP that and unicorn hair is everywhere. Bill would be fighting partially blind and unable to touch half the world.
Greninja VS Black Panther (Pokemon VS Marvel) Greninja VS Elfin (Pokemon VS Bakugan) Greninja VS Dororo (Pokemon VS Sgt. Frog) Greninja VS Frog (Pokemon VS Chrono Trigger) Pikachu VS Terriermon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Pikachu VS Chopper (Pokemon VS One Piece) Pikachu VS Happy (Pokemon VS Fairy Tail) Pikachu VS Taokaka (Pokemon VS BlazBlue) Garchomp VS Growlmon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Garchomp VS King Shark (Pokemon VS DC) Garchomp VS Yoshi (Pokemon VS Mario) Garchomp VS Guilmon (Pokemon VS Digimon) Tails VS Braixen (Sonic VS Pokemon) Tails VS Beetle (Sonic VS Marvel) Tails VS Tita Russell (Sonic VS Trails) Tails VS Sephiroth (Sonic VS Final Fantasy) Knuckles VS Vita (Sonic VS Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha) Knuckles VS Blanc (Sonic VS HyperDimension Neptunia) Knuckles VS Mario (Sega VS Nintendo) Knuckles VS Yoshi (Sonic VS Mario) Rouge The Bat VS Captain Syrup (Sonic VS Mario) Rouge The Bat VS Princess Daisy (Sonic VS Mario) Rouge The Bat VS Queen Bee (Sonic VS Miraculous) Rouge The Bat VS Palutena (Sonic VS Kid Icarus) Metal Sonic VS Skull Kid (Sonic VS Zelda) Metal Sonic VS Taskmaster (Sonic VS Marvel) Metal Sonic VS R.O.B. (Sega VS Nintendo) Metal Sonic VS Doppelganger Arle (Sonic VS Puyo Puyo) Silver The Hedgehog VS Robin (Sonic VS Fire Emblem) Silver The Hedgehog VS Dialga (Sonic VS Pokemon) Silver The Hedgehog VS Roxas (Sonic VS Kingdom Hearts) Silver The Hedgehog VS Bowser Jr (Sonic VS Mario) Shadow The Hedgehog VS Falco Lombardi (Sonic VS Star Fox) Shadow The Hedgehog VS The Flash (Sonic VS DC) Shadow The Hedgehog VS Quicksilver (Sonic VS Marvel) Shadow The Hedgehog VS Fate Testarossa (Sonic VS Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha) Amy Rose VS Lana (Sonic VS Zelda) Amy Rose VS Green (Sonic VS Pokemon) Amy Rose VS Sakuya Izayoi (Sonic VS Touhou) Amy Rose VS Wendy O. Koopa (Sonic VS Mario)
Discord really gave of Mettaton NEO vibes here. Knew going into this he didn't stand a good chance of winning (hence the letter instead of saving it to brag when he finsihed), but chose to fight anyway.   Not for the selfish goals of self-preservation, recognition, or even q "Hey, this is MY world to rule" thing...   He simply wanted to save his friends, buy as much time as needed for the plan to come to fruition, and be the hero of the day if possible.   Only difference is, NEO died in one hit. But both went out on their own terms in an act of selfless sacrifice. Discord, at least, can come back if enough Chaos is caused.  NEO.... Not to much. 😢
Idk if we can call it a loss if his goal was to sacrifice himself to lock bill away.
Debates aside its wholesome to see Discord is fighting to free the ponies instead of his own gain.
Wait, when did Discord disguise the Nightmare realm to be Equestria? Cause he said "I'm surprised you don't recognize your own home" Was it when he was in Bill's mind?
Death battle please do transformers bumblebee vs dc bumblebee.
Wait, so did Bill actually win? I mean, these guys can do so much i think this is actually a tie....somehow
Bill cipher a demon Hey next episode we need to know who got to win a fight white spikes from war tomorrow vs death Angels from quiet place that be a messy death match
The lich vs bill
Can we all agree that Discord is actually just Q visiting the Ponyverse?
Now this an interesting fight
“WANNA MAKE A DEAL?”  Um… no thanks, Bill. While I’m grateful for the offer, The distortion of my reality into pure horrifying madness doesn’t really sound all that fun.
"Oh look, blissful ignorance at the bottom of this can" is probably one of Boomstick's best lines ever XD
"It was perfect, everything down to the last minute details."
love the grounded reality of this channel!!,Regardless of how Bad it gets or the economy, I still make over $22,000 every single week
Ok hear me out, Bill vs Darkside or Infinite Gauntlet Thanos
Both are immortal bill won the battle discord won the war
Nice you got #1 trending
Please make an video upon  Venom symbiote from marvel Vs Riot symbiote from marvel
Buget cuts eh boys
To  those curious, the cipher at 4:10 reads "Eleven Deez Nutz Hah" absolute worth the effort.  Edit: The reversed speech at the end is the classic: "Reality is a hologram, the universe is an illusion, buy gold, bye!"
Im sure theses are 2 characters everyone care about
watching this fight again, note that Discord goes for Bill's eye first. That's when he's taken hi back to the nightmare dimension.
But if unicorn hair nullifies magic and the bell straight up takes it shouldn't that have won?
Noo.... your on the draft king boat yes an ad that you guys have to put an addiction warning on lovely
Poor Fluttershy, she lost her Discord
discord is much stronger
Lost the battle, won the war? Amazingly done!
Both are new to me but i enjoy alot the fight Definetely two awesome characters As always guys your work is just "MASTERPIECE" Can't wait to see more
eh. i know it's not really death battle's thing to have a tie game, but this was a missed opportunity for one.
Deathbattle is one hell of a drug
Amasing animation!
Black Bolt vs. Black Adam!
Anyone know what bill says at the end?
This is the best episode
Major step up from the previous death battle
Nice
This was a fun fight but know I wonder how a fight of bill vs mr. mxyzptlk would go. clash of 4th dimensions. also batmit may be fun as well
You know, considering unicorn hair repels Bill's powers, it's kind of ironic he captured Rarity and Twilight.
Bill kinda won twice during the fight
Yoooo mercer
Best lines: "We may be evenly matched Bill, but I've seen your show my two-dimensional nuisance. And I KNOW HOW YOU DIE"  "I AM AN ALL SEEING GOD"   "It was worth a try, but still! I'm surprised you don't recognize your. Old. Home"
This is a 49% match up
WAIT BILL WON? I LITERALLY DIDN'T PICK UP ON THAT UNTIL LIKE 19:15 😂
No! I was rooting for Discord! 😭
Good lord now i want a crossover, what the heck
Stalemate, I think. I’m not sure who won, to be honest.
Bill may have beaten Discord, but the latter still won in the end
i nearly spit out my drink at "a tad Euclidean for my tastes"
WAIT, was that bendy from BATIM
I like how the villain won, but the hero made sure that evil didn't truly win
👍👍👍👍
19:24 bill said during his reverse message   “Reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram but gold BYYYYYEEEEE”
I think the coded @1:50 says I don’t want anyone finding
Please do the 4 chaos gods.
Have an episode that gets all 4th wall breakers together to prank boom stick
BILL VS AKU
GIVE US LUFFY YOU COWARDS!!
While i would have preferred discord to win they did it in such a way that i can happily accept it... ALEX VS COLE? YESSSSSS YESSSSSSS prototype is one of my favourite games
"faustian bargain" thanks for that, boomstick
I’m gonna be real I didn’t even know who won until after the results part
the first ever episode in which i predicted the winner right
Unreal animation. Superbly done.
what was the backwards message at 19:24?
🤔 i guess only Death Battle God can resurrect all them and make them fight, . .(joke aside) wait the minute how you guys survive with some 4 dimensions barrier and taking to audience example Deadpool before been annoying by the mask🤔   Guess someone have lab experiment 👀
16:58 goes so HARD! 🖤💛💙
Sorry discord is a being of chaos and Bill brings chaos so I don't see how bill could defeat discord when in that episode discord got returned to normal from Fluttershy efforts
We love Moro animation
Can anyone playback in reverse what bill says at the end?
Naruto Sanin three way! Jiraiya x Orochimaru × Tsunade  Itachi Vs Madara  Pokemon starters Jhoto royal rumble  Kratos vs Broly
Who won??
Is nobody going to mention that Discord probably wrote a goodbye/thank you note to Fluttershy at the beginning of the fight? It's even at Fluttershy's hooves at the end.
I have a feeling that we haven’t seen the last of Bill on this show. He might sneak into more of their vids
Discord may lose the but was that his plan all along? This battle Random Chaotic. Definitely in my top 10 (Cause I love Discord).
Never even heard of the two characters set for the next episode… can somebody give me a quick rundown on them and their franchises?
Great job to the entire team!!!!!!
I just saw bendy as a flower.
Next one you do you should do Mario rabbit
honestly it took me almost two minutes after the battle to realize bill was the winner. i thought discord screwing bill over in the end would deem him the winner
SO like Discord to offer a battle win for a war loss. Both for the sake of his friends _and_ the last laugh.  Well-played, Death Battle. Well-played.
Congratulations on #1 in Trending
1st trending very incredible.
666k views coincidence?
Now somebody decode that backwards message at the end.
Can we take a moment to appreciate the animation and the editing, these people only have 5 million subscribers they deserve atleast 15 million
4:03 Boomstick: WEIRDMAGEDDON! 😆  Ringmaster: WEIRDMAGEDDON- Hey! That's my line!😠  17:00 Bill Cipher: KO!😄  Ringmaster: Hey! That's my line!😧  Poor Ringmaster, he got his lines stolen by Boomstick and Bill Cipher.
Foi a luta mais genial que eu já vi na minha vida foi muito bom que coisa maravilhosa
Loved seeing two chaos gods fighting
18:19 Is that card implying that Discord summoned Bill to Equestria himself?
Hey bill, I'm not convinced this is enough chaos, it bores me. I want to make a deal. I would reach you to wherever the hell your actual statue is, but maybe this will do, or inspire your mega fans to do so: i want you to be the best version of yourself, be a force for harmony, through disharmony, with enough power, why not be a force that elevates yourself and those around you. I believe you are more than just the crab in the bucket. I want to see a villain raise those around them, to put the ego aside, because I think that will be a beautiful story. Aren't we all just stories in the end?
Funny enough, I find myself wanting to make a deal with the weird triangle demon. Probably a bad idea.
im not a brony, but i do understand that the series is good...just cant bring myself to watch MLP gravity falls however, i think its time for a rewatch
I’d also like to ask the question wait boom stick has a daughter when did this happen?
Now I kind of want to see how Bill would handle Dormammu, Mephisto and Loki from Marvel... All at once... And The Mask.
This death battle is the equivalent of "it doesn't matter if I win as long as you lose."
Sick animation and good voice acting
I feel like The Mask should have shown up here.
Well damn that was just a very fun episode and funny enough both characters were represented so well!
Nah son, Discord took the real W here
I haven't watched it yet but I think bills going to win
15:29 - 15:38 :  Am I the only one laughing like one of these two, from this tiny, 9-second segment?
Bro now need his own theme
Guys there r secret in this video but I won't tell it loud u have find it by Ur self Hint:they r from very popular show
This wasn't a battle this was a acid trip.
Next , evas vs titan
Good Video for sure but it’s kinda a miss opportunity for a call back to saga man vs chuck norrise😭
Discord lost the Death Battle but won the war, much respect to him.
I want Cole to win, but I think Alex will
Alex mercer vs Cole Mcgrath?  Thats not a fight thats a massacre
So death battles is a west coast team cuz if they weren’t they would’ve used Waffle House instead of dennys for their weirdness metaphor.
Bill may have won the battle but lost the war. On the flip side, Discord lost the battle but won the war. I tip my hat to Discord for being an amazingly chaotic mad genius because he’s probably the only combatant who lost who made the winner furiously angry. Also, what Bill said at the end of the episode was, “Reality is an illusion! The universe is a hologram! Buy gold! Bye!“
It almost feels like Discord knew there was a decent chance he couldn't win, but he knew he could trap Bill to free his friends. A hollow victory indeed for Bill.
Best episode ever.
I love the puppet segment 14:56
I have only one question. If discord could do whatever he wants, couldn’t he just snap his fingers and bill would disappear?
This episode is the tumblr special and I’m all here for it
Man please do Deidara from Naruto VS Gyukko form demon slayer it will be insane!
We all know that the real winner in the next matchup is whoever looks best in a bra.
Case of win the battle, lose the war
*'We may be evenly matched Bill, but I've seen your show my two-dimensional nuisance, and I know how you die.'* Discord might have lost, but can we agree that he has the coldest line of the entire battle.
14:55  Yo Bendy How u been bro
I would LOVE to see Alastor VS Bendy  I’m not sure it’s a massively far fight but I still think it would be cool
Now I’m gonna rewatch gravity falls.
I bet that bill will win
Lost the battle but won the war All hail discord!
I'll make a deal for another MLP Death Battle in the future!
This was tense.
Everyone talking about how Discord got the last laugh when it is actually Bill who gets it. Sure he laughed as he died, by trapping Bill in the nightmare realm. But according to the analysis, Bill destroyed Discords soul, and he isn’t even worried that he got stuck in the nightmare realm again, cause he knows he’ll escape. Hence why he turns to the camera and says to us “WANNA MAKE A DEAL?!?!” Meaning that all it’ll take is a single power hungry jerk. And Bill will just get out all over again. Even if Discord restored peace in ponyville, it’s only delaying the inevitable. Bill will return, even in his own show, he still is alive in Stans mind, because his mind wasn’t completely erased. Also the unicorn hair isn’t a dampener on Bills powers. It’s merely a shield. And eventually he’d just ignore the shield and find a way to lure out his opponent. Also trapping Bill in his own mind, the ritual would fail, because Discord has nothing in his mind that Bill wants, so he’d never get lured into Discords mind anyways. Not to mention he’d have to basically erase his memory of everything in order to pull that off.
Honestly, story wise and presentation this was the best deathbattle so far. That’s my opinion at least. Very unpredictable and very even
100% skipped this episode
Alex will win calling it now
Next battle is something I've wanted for a while
This is going to be a classic, love all the different styles used for the fight soooo much detail ❤
GOLB has entered the chat……..
I'm saying this now. I will do anything bill I will give you ultimate power. Just let me destroy this world. I accept your deal. Let me burn this world. It doesn't work or everything would have been destroyed
I love how the last three fights have been really uplifting for the losers, rather then them being humiliated in the most brutal way possible.  Guts: Quite literally fights to the last drop of his life and manages to scare Demitri before finally kicking the bucket.  Manhunter: Silver Surfer and him comes to an understanding, acknowledging Surfer's superiority and humbly accepting death, with Surfer expressing remorse over his actions.  And now Discord managed to succeed in his plan to get Bill out of his reality, saving his friends. It's probably the best loss any character has taken, even better then Goku's.
Bruh please release an instrumental of their song is sooooo good for any dnd fight ❤
Nobody gonna talk about Bendy being amongst the row of flowers during the 1920s portion of the fight?
No wonder they named an app after him lol
thought this was a finally at first that's how  good this was... great work guys!
this is MY DREM
so technically its a draw
i love the episodes that get wild and crazy~     One of these combatants still shouldve been Sheogorath from ES. You will NEVER change my mind.
You gotta wonder what sort of deal Wiz made with Bill.
Ye you dont mess around with a trillion year old god
I've wondered what would happen if Bill Cipher and Discord ever fought each other 😂👍😅😎🆒💕❤️💙
Wait, what about for the next death battle you should do Ash Williams vs John Rambo pls
Can someone translate bill at the winner part please
Cant give my guy the moral victory?
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won our hearts.
Anyone gonna say the Jevil line?
Was a fun fight to watch and glad discord will return. He fulfilled his main objective but not the victory of a death battle like he wanted. "Well, It was worth a try."  Yeah thats in character for discord.
Hate both shows. Hate both characters. But i guess this was creative.
がんばれ、ナチョス
I can call it already. Discords gonna win because "ponies bad" and they wanna boost engagement. This show has become the "velma" of youtube, specifically made for people to hate watch because they know the right answer is always wrong and they just cant ignore that gnawing itch. I was a brony, I still like my little pony, well, the old stuff. But even I can admit discords gone soft. If it weren't for gravity falls' weirdness bubble, bill would have destroyed everything. He *annihilated his entire home dimension. the whole damn thing. because he got BORED.* discord has fun, but he isnt a destroyer, thats the opposite of chaos. if theres nothing, theres no chaos.
If they fight with all there power they might destroy many multiverses if they survive each others attacks
One of the best DB to date
The animation style changes were just *chef’s kiss* 🔥
Would be pretty cool if we got another Bill vs Discord episode one dayy cause we all know this episode could have had a million different outcomes
I dont entierly buy bill winning but a perfect ten on litteraly evrything else
Do luffy vs naruto
This was great…. But the scaling for dimitri vs guts still sucks Edit: for both Guts snd Dimitri are nowhere near relative speeds and the missile that hit right before rhea had a clearly visible crater that would need 7.5 tons of tnt at most to make which was fired in the same volley. So, using aliel, where we only know they were involved(as well as a certain world flooding deity dragon that may have counter attacked) is ridiculous
This has definitely got to be one of the best episodes
7:53 star trek reference.
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
😢 honorable victory in death
Now I'm interested in seeing how the show could handle Mr Mxyzptlk VS The Great Gazoo Death Battle
This is like Deadpool vs Pinkie and Deadpool vs The Mask, if they were better
some body reverse that pls🤣
My preferred character lost but this fight was amazing,  very creative and I loved the banter
anybody going to mention the bendy vs cuphead in the background?
Can goku beat the MLP verse tho 🤨
I really appreciate how we’re getting more nuanced battles- not just people killing each other, but actually getting stories and pathos and whatnot.
Discord should have won that fight.☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️😢😢😢🥺🥺
So…everyone’s talking about Discord winning, but no one is talking about the backwards message?
I love all the different animation styles used in the fight and how pretty evenly matched they were. And that unexpected ending was so good. Bill may have been the victor in the fight, but Discord definitely won. His sacrifice for the magic of friendship will never be forgotten.
The Freemason triangle vs a social medium. Very very interesting
Someone call Quentin Tarantino, I think Fluttershy is gonna kill Bill
Very excited for Alex Mercer VS Cole MacGrath. I'm expecting Cole to win, because Alex had some major problems with electricity in the games.
Buy crypto, suckers!
PEOPLE YES THE FIGHT WAS AWESOME.... but what was said at the end it was reversed and idk how to reverse the audio pls someone  Edit: and yes i really liked this fight one of the coolest and weirdest (in a good way)
Yeah, as much as I wanted Discord to win, his care-free personality would be his downfall.  Too bad.  Bill sucks.
Fun Fact: If you play this battle’s song “Discordant Decipher” in reverse, there’s a reversed message that says. “Why are you listening to this part backwards? Don’t tell me you’re some kind of tinfoiler. You do know the song doesn’t decide who wins, right?”
I find “more blood thirsty and ruthless” hard to accept when simply kidnapping fluttershy got discord to drop his usual “let’s goof around and not care” demeanor. Let alone a reality warping magic user whom discord knows about ‘by watching the show’ threatening to kill her and turn her into glue.  I agree, he is usually one to let his “i’m clearly better than uou attitude get in the way” but serious discord I think would have won this. Maybe not so much a end point disagreement, more of just the rout taken to get there. But I guess that’s like saying “what if batman went against his rule to kill someone” shtick. Or superman saying from zero moment “I’m not going to hold back” you’d take them at their most powerful sure, (as a mindset upon entering battle is a powerful thing) but maybe it wouldn’t be a “death battle”.
Wait I watched it until the end and still thought discord won? I'm so confused hahahaha
I thought Draft Kings was gonna be a beer brewery, not gambling 🤷‍♀️
I'm curious if the switch happened the moment where he harmed Bills eye at the very beginning, it'd be the perfect moment. It's the only moment where he's momentarily blinded, unaware of what's around him for but the tiniest of a second. It's also where we see him drop the letter. Flawlessly done episode, genuinely love the animation work here. Funnily enough, as others in the comments have already pointed out, discord will eventually reform once enough chaotic energy builds up in the MLP world so it's not as though he's gone forever. It's also possible he left a duplicate behind as we don't know if he can duplicate his spirit too, sacrificing a part of himself to defeat Bill would certainly be in character and tricking the entire audience into buying it is absolutely something he'd do.  A massive thank you to everyone who worked on the episode, ya'll outdid yerself!
Luffy vs Spider-man!
If you guys didnt realize, throughout the overview you can see discord and bill talking through colored text. Discord is purple and bill cypher is yellow.
Before we even go through this, my money's on Bill.  Discord's great and all, but he's had his powers completely removed before, simply because the one doing it had gotten strong enough feasting on mortal magics to do so.  Bill Cipher needed to be tricked into someone's mind then erased.  In general, you always needed to outsmart him, you could never overpower him.  The same cannot be said about  Discord.  Edit: Called it.
Bill can just escape that dimension he’s trapped in but he’ll just have to wait another 1,000 years💀💀💀
This fight was amazing and I'm happy about the winner. But for the love of god, please put Adventure Time in an episode!
Don't worry guys. As long Chaos exists, Discord will never die!  ...I hope.
Bill really knows how to crash someone's spirit literally
God damn this was such a creative and visually insane fight, and I think there were references in the visual chaos. I also love how expertly they went between animation styles
Bill wins
Every superpower lies under Reality Warping. But it depends on how powerful you are.
Both lost but only one lost his life and the ending was spot on
This was a badass fight yet bill cipher might’ve won but he didn’t really win like discord
ngl this episode has reignited my love for death battle
"Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram. Buy gold bye!" - Bill Cipher 19:24
Do sauron vs palpatine
i think discord would beat bills ass any day
Love that bendy cameo! also the ending was pretty good
14:54   Nobody gonna talk about how Bendy was dancing with all the Floweys?
Let's go i wanted bill to win i mean like bro we made a deal🎉🎉
It's about time
you guys should do Q vs the beyonder
I hope someone make a fanfiction based on this episode. It will be about bill cipher weirdmageddon on equestria, mane six attempts to stop him and ultimately the final battle between bill cipher and discord with the same fight and event happening here
bill cipher should have fought Mr.myxptlick
100000/10
More like a discord server 💀
Shredder death battle royale
Top tier quality episode. Well done
I finally saw an episode that tops Vader vs Obito this season. My god, I’m at a loss for words
Bill win because he can destroy Discord's soul even Discord is a immortal creature.
Oh wow after all these years of the theme 😊
Discord was always my favourite Star Trek character... Wait.
16:11 best scene
" _We have featured all manner of warrior on Death Battle but none as silly as these 2_ "   Popeye: Am I joke to you?
Let's see. Both their powers were unquantifiable and both could outsmart the other so picking winner was hard.We know Bill can be killed/erased but they used spirit-regeneration to ignore that and used the "implication" that Discord can disappear to make him killable.But whatever...the sacrifice play ending was sweet and respectful so I'm content.
Considering how close this was, or how difficult it was to determine the winner, I'm surprised they didn't make it a draw like with Segata Sanshiro vs Chuck Norris... Then again, they kind of did, since Discord, despite dying, still 'defeated' Bill.
Two goofballs fight each other
The fact that so many items and creatures are capable of taking away or nullifying Discord’s powers in the MLP universe really undermined how powerful he is. So it only makes sense that Bill wins.
the next death battle is the one I've been waiting for for so many damn years
This is one chaotic battle I’ve seen and enjoyed. Can’t wait for Infamous Vs Prototype battle.
welp looks like the only "underground scene" trickster that can go toe to toe with Bill without mentioning Tzeentch is...Featherine???
The fight was definitely interesting and makes sense since it's 2 characters who basically can do anything. It's nice that even Discord lost he trapped Bill, so Bill won and lost at the same time. The weird thing about this fight is that Discord can technically come back later, but they needed someone to die so understandable. Not gonna lie this fight is similar to the Raven vs Pheonix fight where it was about who could destory the other person's soul and whose soul could heal and stuff like that.
In the end, Discord truly won.
Never watched MLP nor Gravity Falls, but my respect for Discord just increase in ♾percent.
Ok am I the only one who knew who was gonna win right off the bat?
OH MY GOD  WTF
Anyone know what bill says at the end when he speaks backwards?
Oh no I just realized that in the claymation part, bill becomes among us. NOOOOOO
Infamous vs prototype
Ahhh...Finally! 😈
BRO I WAS CONFUSED! i thought bill lost because of his frustration and discord's maniacal laugh. THIS WAS A GOOD MATCH UP
I'm still waiting on Superman Supergirl Power Girl versus The PowerPuff Girls LOL
10:35 well wiz really walked right into that one and boomstick didn’t like it at all!🤣
loved how throughout the analysis both characters can be seen manipulating the text to communicate, even going back and forth with each other pre-battle
This is the death battle I didn't know I needed
The final should be different in my opinion
I just noticed that bill said he directed this episode and in the credits,the director's name starts with bill
hi
It should have been Bill Cypher vs Mr. Mxyzptlk.
But can we just a fight between Garou and Baki plz
nah bro the Homelander drinking breast milk was vile.
At the end equestria was clear and free Is that mean discord was fighting bill in other worlds and in same time fighting in equestria?
If the source of bill’s power was quite literally quantum uncertainty with infinite opposing continuum how would a being powered by pure disharmony lose?
Damn hearing Fluttershy calling out for Discord hit hard.😔
Discord may be won the battle but discord won the war. All he did from the Start is to save his friends
Bill and Discord playing with themselves 😂
The added story beats at the end make this significantly more interesting.
This fight was very….weird.
Bill Cipher: "Ha! See, I'm the stronger one-NO NO NO NNNOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!" Discord: "I wasn't entirely sure I would have won, so I had set up a Plan B just incase. As they say: Lose the battle, and win the war."
15:09 That was pretty funny ngl
Yes Cole Macgrath vs Alex Mercer a long waited fight to happen
The problem I have with this fight is mostly the fact that Discord has actual fit's of reality warping like braking the fourth wall while bill has only awareness
Very cool animation, Idk these characters and that was fun to view
Well.. both are  unique character.
I'm already calling the next episode - Mercer wins hands down. The guy can regenerate after face tanking a nuke
So was that backward speech at the end actually something or not? Is anyone feel like translating that?
Happy to have known about the Alex Hirsch possession before the death battle :D now people will have more difficulty denying it.
I need bill cipher info music
Won't undoing some of Bill's past with the Ponies now make him face Discord all over again?
I like this ending. It makes complete sense
That is a Chaos Gods Battle!!!!
That was cryptic and is the theme playing in the background
You can say what you want. But it still feels like a draw.  It's like last time with the fight between Deadpool and The Mask. So don't worry Discord fans, Discord is still alive.
I have a problem with the verdict one he can get more power from chaos so he shound gotten the nore battle go on 2 he can make bew body from nothing in spirit form he in one episode 3 i been confiem by the creator thay could got his boby back anytime he want he was just trolling good episode though
they gave it all in this fight
I can't lie... when the mention that Bill's defeat in Gravity Falls meant he would be reincarnated, I CANNOT be the only one whose mind went " 😐 wait a minute. Discord's creation has never been addressed in canon... is *he* Bill's reincarnation and he'll figure it out during this Death Battle?🤯"   But... that clearly isn't the case.  Although, Bill's gonna be even more peeved Discord tricked him back into his home dimension when he realises he didn't even end Discord.  He's just gonna pop back in Equestria like nothing happened.  Unlike Bill, who cannot escape his home dimension without help, Discord does not suffer such a hindrance.  So long as Chaos exists in any sense, Discord can return.  Sorry, Bill. Either way, you lose
Discord may lose the battle, but he definitely win the war
15:13 who and what is he talking about?
Despite losing, Discord is the only combatant to screw over the winner’s victory. Mad respect to Discord.
I really love the double meaning in Discord "I've seen your show, and I know how you die." It makes everyone think he's talking about him being destroyed inside a mind... yet the truer meaning is about someone sacrificing himself for those he loves - something the selfish Bill, despite all his foreknowledge, would never expect or see coming.
Discord couldn’t CIPHER Bills powers
Omg is this the first Death Battle where the loser still won 😂 DB this was brilliant 👏
Reporting any Bronys in the comments to the fbi as pedophiles.
Discord may of perished at the end, but I feel like he still won because Bill is trapped again at the end.
Repent of your sins and put your trust in Jesus Christ or hell awaits
Dam, it's legendary battle:>
I am the Princess! ❤❤
The fact y’all don’t stand on the same side as the characters you voice isn’t gonna sit right with me for a while…
Discord is obviously not being voiced by John de Lancie here, he doesn't sound like him at all... but Bill sounds incredibly like Alex Hirsch. Di you guys manage to hire him to do this?
Ngl I was expecting Discord to grab Twilight’s hair and make Bill eat it
13:25 13:26 13:27
I had chills when Bill grabbed the screen
Anyone know what Bill said reveresed at the end?
“A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG”  “VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS”
Weirdly written episode.
It would have been awesome if you all got Alex Hirsch to voice Bill like he did in the Simpsons.
One of the best battles. Very good
DIscord is the REAL Winner for me
I enjoyed this fight waaaaay more than i thought i would, definitely my favorite so far this season
Interesting finish to the battle. Bill Cipher won the (Death) battle, but Discord won the war.
Discord. Lord and spirit of Chaos. Sacrifice everything to save his home and friends, especially Fluttershy. 🥺 *salute* A true hero to all of Equestria and Friendship is Magic fans out there! Annnd here comes the feels 😭!  16:35 And Fluttershy. Aw man. Anyone, in-universe and beyond, could only imagine how she's feeling right now, losing her best friend (and possible love interest) like that. But still, that's what Bill gets for screwing Equestria, especially messing with his friends, more especially when Fluttershy is involved! Get played and trapped in that realm...FOREVER!!
18:13 "there is no proof Discord can return from spiritual destruction fast enough to resume the fight" Ah, so you are aware for that? Curious how in Sauron vs The Lich King you made Sauron instant respawn then, seeing how each time his physical body was defeated it took him hundreds of years to make another one ;p But whatever, I expected him to win anyway...  Overall I expected such an outcome, with Bill being more ruthless and less time tricked. One extra advantage Discord had was that even without his powers he was shown to still be able to trick other beings, such as how he tricked Tirek to attack him and free the other characters. I thought in this fight he would do similar thing with the Bewitching Bell but him tricking Bill back into his universe was even better^^
Soooo are we ever gonna get a goku vs Superman pt3 being that goku has mui and basically a susano now 🤣
oh come on no John de Lancie cameo for Discord?
Discord lost the battle, but won the war.
Did anyone decipher bill’s message in his introduction?
What did Bill say at 15:13?
it's kinda amazing that discord had the game plan set from step one. the patting of fluttershy's tapestry, and writing... well frankly his last will and testament so they'd know what happened to him. he knew the final solution from step one, and tried everything to make it a last resort... but he always knew what was likely gonna happen.
have nto seen either show these characters were on but i can tell alot of cash went into making this video lol im more excited about the next episode. ive been wondering what a fight between them would be like since i first played there games back in the day
Please guys make Ben 10 vs Dial H for Hero.
This is like a special Bill Cipher episode!!!! HOLLYYYY they animated him so good just like in the show!!!! They certainly got his character right!!!
I realize he sacrificed himself to banish Bill from Equestria, mirroring what Stan did in the show. Great job guys.
Bro Bill Cipher solo video bro she just demolished all of the characters except the axolotl but the circus destroy everybody
This is the best DB episode hands down.  Looking forward to Cole vs Alex next
Bill ciphers in Uniontown man he's very cool guy a cool villain
Bill Cipher solo
Coronavirus vs koro-sensei
I believe that bill cyphers reincarnation is king from the owl house it makes sense
Hands down one of my favorite battles ever!!
So technically Discord won, but ... not?🤣
DB: *picks the most demented characters* Also DB: This video is sponsored by Betterhelp 😂😂😂😂
Yes let's do it
fluttershy calling for discord. only to not notice his final messages. hurts, hurts so much.
what’s popping never watched neither and also forgot about y’all which is unfortunate but y’all were huge part of my childhood and i’m happy to see y’all still uploading lol
By far one of the funniest death battles I’ve ever seen
bro you said there’s…………..discord can’t do
Okay somebody take the last part and play it in reverse because I'm pretty sure there's a reverse message in there
Top tier death battle, I loved it! I've never watched either show but this was dope!
Even though Discord lost a death battle, he ultimately won by sealing Bill away, so say what you will, but Discord won this fight.
Discord can read the script. And so if its a weak script why would he follow it? So this is a script he prolly would've tolerated or accepted. Protecting Fluttershy. The animation was crazy well done. The writing was good. The character analysis and consistency were top notch. I wonder how many picked up on the glue joke.
I'm not a part of either fandom so I honestly had no idea what was going on here lol
Discord has the last laugh
this Death Battle may have been won by Bill... but personally, Discord hurt Bill Far worst then Bill did killing Discords Soul... just his line he says: "But im surprised, you don't recognize, YOUR OLD, *HOME* " for how COLD and CHAOTIC it sounded, and the fact the last thing he did before his death was Laughing at Bill like he is Mocking him for Falling for a 'leaser Multi-Dimensional Being's' trick, yeah for me Discord got the Win
I think gear 5 luffy vs plastic man would be an interesting fight.
Honestly, I really hoped Finn and Jake vs. Mordecai and Rigby would win the 2D battle ballot.
2:25 4:40 14:49 16:55
I saw Bendy in the background, is this just a reference or a hint at another battle?  Only time will tell, now to go back to asking Bill to leave my mind.
Anti Pops (Regular Show) & Flowey (Undertale) can wins against those two (Bill Cipher & Discord)
I knew that Bill was going to win, hes one of the most broken characters in fiction. But it warms my heart to see Discord ultimately having the last laugh in the end while being an absolute chad. Bill deserves to have his victory ruined. Lol
Aye all is well but that line from discord “im surprised you don’t recognize your old home” was just cold
"I've won...but at what cost?"
Bruh
This might be the best episode of Death Battle yet!
What a Cosmic DEATH BATTLE of Bill Cipher VS Discord! I Cried At The End of The Fight 😢😭😰😭
you are no god if you are beat by a human.
Now do either of them against literally anyone else and it’s not even a contest
Seems to me that Bill only wins by technicality because Discord clearly got the last laugh.
You know what's really sad? Discord knew he was going to lose. So I wondered what he wrote in that letter, because I know he was thinking about Celestia but I like to think that letter was a goodbye to the ponies he saved at the end.
Coolest episode yet
1:38 does anyone know what the cipher at the bottom says?
Bill have won the fight but he lost the war
This entire season has been phenomenon personified. I love the motivations and the stories behind the death battles. Each one has a true theme and meaningful moments.
"Robbed by sans in a tumblr sexyman poll" love it
I realize he sacrificed himself to banish Bill from Equestria, mirroring what Stan did in the show. Great job guys.
Lord Zeno vs axolotl from gravity falls
WTF is this awesome animation?
Well... that ending made me real sad. Thanks guys.
13:27 battle starts
Can anyone decipher Bill's little messages?  "A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG"  And also,  "VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS"
Deadpool vs Wonder woman
Wow after asking long ago yet many years later we still don't have an actual Cat fight between Cat Woman of DC vs. Black Cat of Marvel😒😑😮‍💨  This is why some of us stopped watching😮‍💨
You guys have produced so many abstract battles, and you STILL manage to outdo yourselves. The fun little peek at the recording studio is a gag I'd love to see you guys use in a future abstract battle: haven't done the good old "ran out of animation budget" gag that studios have been doing since forever. That'd be a good chance to give us a peek at some of your animators!
I'm a little disappointed. Discord should have won this. Discord and Bill shares the same power, but Bill is more malicious. Cosmos shares the same powers as Discord and Bill, but with more of Bill's personality. Discord won against Cosmos. So why not against Bill? Discord even had access to Unicorn Hair. And if it wasn't the "right" type of Hair, he could have easily gone to Bill's show, and take some. He could have easily made the same Ritual by using Clones to prepare the components, while he distracted Bill. Even if it meant trapping Himself with Bill in a prison of no escape, Discord would have done so to protect Fluttershy.
Just wanna say I had to stop watching on my phone and switch to my iPad just to appreciate how much effort y’all put into this animation it’s y’all best work by far lol now it would’ve been even  amazing with characters I knew but neither the less I’m glad I clicked on the video great work
Has Death Battle ever featured Nariko from Heavenly Sword?  I loved that game and would love to see her in a Death Battle with an equally bad ass red-headed woman from another game.
19:41 OH MY GOD
Jimmy Neutron vs. Dexter (boy genius vs. boy genius)
This animation was on a whole other level 💯
Surprised Bill actually won, because while My Little Pony has had around 10 seasons to grow the power of their characters, we only got to see Bill in action for a mere 2 seasons, not even counting that he first showed up near the end of the first season, so who knows what else we could have seen Bill do!
Congrats on being number 1 on trending page!!
I’ve never cared about a my little pony character in my life until now
Let’s make a deal, Bill what do you say? 16:59
Has anyone figured out what the cipher says at 1:51 amd 4:12? The first one definitely starts with "I can't" or "I won't" (I'm leaning towards "won't" but that's just a hunch). I'll download the episode later to reverse the backwards speech Bill left at the end of the episode, in case it's a clue, but it's almost 4 AM for me, and I really need to go to sleep -w-
Does anyone know what it says during Bill’s analysis
1. Braniac vs. Ultron 2. Dexter vs. Jimmy Neutron  3. (DC)Bumblebee vs. (MARVEL)Wasp 4. Swamp-Thing vs. Man-Thing 5. Denki Kaminari vs. Zenitsu Agatsuma 6. Eijiro Krishima vs. Hashibira 7. Star Lord vs. Adam Strange  8. Gamora vs. Big Barda 9. Drax the Destroyer vs. Orion 10. Bakugou Kaksuki vs. Yang Xiao Long 11. Shigaraki vs. Cindor 12. Todoroki Shoto vs. Weiss Schnee  13. Mr. mxyzptlk vs Impossible, man  14. Etrigan vs. Ghost Rider  15. Killer Frost vs. Ice Man  16. Livewire vs. Electro 17. Yusuke Urameshi vs. Gon Freesc  18. Hiei vs. Killua Zoldyck  19. Kurama vs. Kurapika Kurta  20. Kuwabara vs. Leorio 21. Harley Quinn vs. White Rabbit  22. Detective Chimp vs. Howard the Duck 23. Endeavor vs. Ozai 24. Dabi vs. Azula 25. Black Mask vs. Red Skull 26. Deadshot vs. Bullseye  27. Catwoman vs. Blackcat 28. Panguin(DC) vs. Owl(Marvel) 29. Megamind vs. Gru 30. Him vs. Aku 31. Shadow the Hedgehog vs. Cell  32. Pucca vs. Arale 33. Joker vs. Green Goblin  34. Scarecrow vs. Mysterio  35. Killer Croc vs. The Lizard  36. Electrocutioner vs. Shocker  37. Firefly vs. Beetle  38. Clayface vs. Sandman 39 Shiro vs. Kaede 40. Yusuke Urameshi vs. Inuyasha 41. Hiei vs. Sesshomaru  42. Luck Volta vs. Laxus Dreyer  43. Muzan Kibutsuji vs Naraku  44. Andromeda Shun vs. Kurapika Kurta 45. Circe vs. Loki  46. Batman(Thomas Wayne) vs. Punisher 47. King Shark vs. Tiger Shark 48. Cheetah vs. Tigra  49 Starfire vs. Firestar  50. Arsenal(Roy Harper) vs. Hawkeye(Kate Bishop) 51. Blue Beetle(Jamie Reyes) vs. Nova(Sam Alexander) 52. Martian Manhunter vs. Vision 53. Goku vs. Superman  54. Vegeta vs. Wonder Woman 55. Broly vs. Doomsday  56. Gohan vs. Superman(Jon Kent) 57. Piccolo vs.Martian Manhunter  58. Caulifia vs. Power Girl  59. Frieza vs. Darkseid  60. Black Goku vs. Superboy Prime 61. Green Lantern Corps vs. Nova Corps  62. Furies vs. Black Order 63. Doom Patrol vs. Fantastic Four 64. Chucky vs. Slappy  65. Pennywise vs. Freddy Kruger  66. Hellraiser vs. Candyman 67. Green Lantern(Hal Jordon) vs. Nova(Richard Rider)  68. Green Lantern(Kyle Rayner) vs Nova(Sam Alexander) 69. Blue Beetle(Jamie Reyes) vs. Venom(Eddie Brock) 70. Red Hood vs. Punisher  71. Batwing(Luke Fox) vs. Falcon(Sam Wilson) 72. Steel(John Henry Irons) vs. War Machine(Jamrs Rhodes) 73. Beast Boy vs. Nimona 74. Broly vs. Abomination  75. Cell vs. Doomsday  76. Muzan Kibutsuji vs Dio Brando  77. Nezuko Kamado vs. Mileena 78. Noelle Silva vs. Katara 79. Enchantress (DC) vs. Enchantress (Marvel)  80. Steele vs. Iron Man  81. (Steel)Natasha Irons vs. Iron Heart  82. Hawkman vs. Angel  83. Superwoman(Lana Lang) Valkyrie(Jane Foster) 84. Superboy(Conner Kent) vs X-23  85. Superman vs. Hyperion  86. Batman vs. Moon Knight  87. Wonder Woman vs. Thundra 88. Noelle Silva vs. Juvia 89. Leopold Vermillion vs. Natsu Dragneel  90.  Yuno Grinberryall vs. Wendy Marvell  91. Xj9/ Jenny Wakeman vs. Astro Boy  92. Dr. Drakken vs. Dr. Doofensmirtz  93. Him vs. Grim Reaper 94. Sub-zero vs. Grey Fullbuster  95. Scorpion vs. Ghost Rider 96 Rain(MK) vs. Suigetsu 97. Batman who Laugh vs Spider-carnage 98. Spiderman Noir vs. Gaslight  Batman 99. Batman(Arkhamverse) vs. Spiderman(Marvel's PS4/PS5) 100. Batman Earth 1 vs. Ultimate Spiderman 101. Wizard1. Hawkman vs. Blackpanther  102. Weather Wizard vs. Storm  103. Black Lightning vs. Electro  104. Shadow-Thief(DC) vs. Cloak(Marvel) 105. Dr Light vs. Dagger 106. Plastic-man vs. Mister Fantastic  107. Fire(DC) vs. Human Torch 108. Katana vs. Elektra 109. Tighten vs. Homelander 110. Katara vs. Juvia 111. Syndrome vs. Princess Morbucks  112. XJ9 vs. Inspector Gadget  113. Stan Smith vs. Sterling Archer  114. Black Dynamite vs. Brock Samson  115. Luffy vs. Plastic Man  116. Zoro vs. Kenpachi Zaraki 117. Deibara vs. Bambietta  118. Rukia Kuchiki vs. Cygnus Hyoga 119. Jack Spicer vs. Mandark 120. Astro Boy vs Cyborg 009 121. Justice League vs. Avengers 122. Teen Titans vs Young Avengers  123. Outsiders vs Thunderbolt  124. Legion of Doom vs Master of Evil
Not gonna lie, I will admit to being disappointed when this fight won the 2D poll all them months ago. But god damn if the fight animation didn't make it worth it. Best fight of the season so far.
Enough spawn vs superman.  We need powerful characters
2:13 I love that Big Bird meme
That was Damn good I think one of your best episodes yet!! The fight was   🤯
I've never seen Friendship is magic but holy hell was Discord a worthy opponent against Bill that I'm kinda glad he sorta won in the end! This was the best death battle yet. Major props to everyone involved!!
Odd they didn't mention that Discord could gain more power through Bill's Weirdness, as the fight goes on surely the chaos Bill and Discord create would amplify Discord further.   But either way, I'd say Discord won through technicality, or at least until Bill escapes from his prison like the other DB combatants who were trapped or sealed.
This was a good video 💯
This fight was… just phenomenal. This has been an fan favorite match for Y E A R S. And the story telling, the fight, the setting, the animation, the FINALE!!! all jaw dropping and flawlessly honorific to the source materials. Just incredible work.
Talk about a crazy coincidence one of the most epic death battles is coming out on my birthday I can't wait to see that and I wonder if they going to do a second battle you know between the Infamous Son and the other guy from from the second one you know the black guy the one that eventually kills Alex Mercer💯🤔🤔🤔🤔
Funny how in every other death battle, the combatants regardless of their morals will kill no matter what. I don't buy this self sacrificial copout to prevent a stalemate. Just being in Bill's crazy dimension is enough chaos to reconstitute Discord even from spirit erasure but sure, gotta end the fight somehow I guess.
Bill may have won the battle, Discord won the war.  Remember, Bill is still trapped in the Nightmare Realm, and Discord literally cannot be killed for good so long as chaos exists, meaning he'll be resurrected sooner or later.  Discord: "See? Even when I LOSE, I win!"
I honestly think that this episode is one of the best that death battle has done in its entire run. The pacing, the reasoning and the animation, arguably one of its best. I do not have the member ship access but who I do believe should be in the next season should be from a manhwa, his name is Jeongsu Park from Hero has Returned, someone should pass this around. I like how it’s not just from anime or manga, but also video games, cartoons, movies, even the time with mythology, but I haven’t seen an episode with a manhwa character, and I personally like the stories in manhwa to be more interesting, entertaining and more impactful than most. I am not demanding that they should be in death battle, I am just suggesting that they should try a new avenue when it comes to new characters to use in death battles.
That was awesome, but I feel like discord would of won with his hax
So execution of thanatos gambit makes you lose in a death battle, that's an irony
I love how the fight script played out in ways that give homage to both source material's inspirations. Bill is a true-to-form Lovecraftian Entity, you can't actually kill him, only seal him away at great sacrifice. Likewise, Discord is much like the old classic trickster gods, someone who can mess with higher beings and make clever plans, but is ultimately not all that strong and more out to cause mischief than take over things, making them more like a mid-boss for heroes and victims for villains alike.
Bill's personal win condition was to kill Discord and conquer Equestria. Discord's win condition was to protect his friends.  Discord might've lost the death battle, but he won by his own rules.
This was my most wanted battle for ages. 2013 to he exact. After a decade later i can say it did deliver
I could’ve seen this as a tie but I can also see why Bill won
This is a strange outcome. Looks more like Discord let himself die just so Bill couldn't directly win.
13:16 6:57
Anyone know what Bill is saying backwards at 19:24?
The introduction to this DB just made me wonder if we're ever getting Stanford Pines vs Rick Sanchez...
6:57
peak fight, questionable result, absolutely horrid research.
Bro really said snap back to reality
I didn't even truly understand who won until the end of the explaination, haha!
Don't say someone is bloodlusted, but lose due to playing around and self sacrifice. In death battle the combatants go berserk and try to kill. To say one loses because they don't take it seriously is going against your own rules. If Batman/Superman/etc must go against their code and kill, Discord won't sacrifice himself either.
Discord may be dead, but atleast he did trap Bill Cipher into another reality.
I was curious why the mind erasing trick didn’t work this time and found a comment on a different site that made sense.  Even if Bills mind gets erased, he still exists, meaning that it wouldn’t have mattered if his own mind got erased.
No matter who you think should've won you can tell everyone had fun making this episode
death battle keeps opening my eyes to how effed up my little pony was... maybe i wasnt paying that much attention when i was a kid.... maybe i should check it out again... 😜
BOO! DISCORD SHOULD HAVE WON!
Discord had the last laugh.
Tbh I think Discord is much more powerful than Bill. Discord is 2x as powerful as Q and Q could beat Bill anyday just by a wish and a snap. But thats just my opinion 🤷🏼‍♂️
wow, i don't know how you did it, but this battle is the BEST i've seen in this channel, and it's crazy considering the quality shown before, like Sam fisher vs Snake or Skyrim vs Dark Souls. Props to the script writers and animators, they're doing god's work out here. but honestly, on a different note, i've only watched mlp once or twice as a kid when it was the either that or infomercials, but seeing discord's demeanor and abilities, kinda, in a weird way, makes me want to watch the show... hope i don't become a brony or smth, that would suck (no hate to the MLP fans, all hate to the Weirdos. you know, the ones that have "Jars")
Discord: I don't need to win as long, we both lose what we want.
Good draw 🔥❤️
I love that technically they both won. Discord died, but Bill was trapped back in the nightmare dimension m
After this episode it’s possibly that the rest of the mane 6 rarity, fluttershy, and applejack could actually have chance to shine into death battle but I wonder what will rarity’s opponent will be. 🤔
"We've run the data through all possibilities"  Bill and Discord: BWAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!
is this the first death battle where BOTH characters lose????
Colonel mustang vs. fire lord ozai
I say that this battle ended as close to a tie as possible while keeping a victory condition.   Discord may have lost, but Bill walked away with nothing more than a Pyrrhic victory.
The ending was sad but it was a phyrric win with Bill. Great episode
You know what I would like The finale to be everyone that has been in death battle and has crazy toonforce so like SpongeBob discord bill cipher and more
I'm gonna quote an old Epic Rap Battle   "What is Winning ?"   Good one .
13:26
Once again the con demon was out-conned.
Now  How would they fair against SpongeBob
I'm not so sure Bill could be considered a winner here... 😂 who wins? The guy who dies? Or the guy who's trapped for an eternity? I know which one I'd pick... 😂 they're equally matched with power, and the differences feel like a stretch at best. Honesty, this would be one of those situations where they'd be locked in an eternal fight, with no one winning so inevitably they would be like "Yo, I'm done with this fight, let's bounce," 😂
I recommend doing Wang Ling from The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Not sure who against but he would be a good one.
What a twist , i know nothing of these 2 and the battle did not disapoint, bravo.
Do kaido (one piece) vs achnelogia (fairytail)
I'm not trying to buy a stranger thing but just the element of does that mean beat him because of his element of chaos because he's the element engine belt I take over the world and he's chaotic means I thought you would feel more power with discord because
Well at Least Discord freed Equestria From Bill Cipher by banishing him
This was one of if not close to your best.
Them both knowing all to come and that has already happend makes it interesting. They both probably knew how things would end... though it makes me question how Bill is decieved so easily.
True to form, Bill won the Death Battle, but Discord won his own game, saving his friends and screwing over his enemy. Bill took the battle, but Discord won the war.
I've never really checked out _Gravity Falls_ , and now that I've seen the briefing on Bill... wow.  It's like Alex Hirsch had been binge-reading the SCP Foundation website when he first imagined him.
#1 on Trending!? LET'S GO!
This death battle pleasantly surprised me I wasn't expecting much from it at all.
What did bill said at the end? It was in reverse
The substantiation bit was GREAT! X-D Give a raise to whoever wrote that bit!
What's the music at the end with Alex mercer vs Cole
this fight reminded me, we need a rabbids vs minions fight...
Anyone know the Ciphers in Bill's part?-
Bill: I won but at what cost
i disagree with the ending, because the start of the battle shows discord looking at a fluttershy, trapped in tapestry, essentially, kidnapped and imprisoned. if we go back to when the changelings reformed in mlp:fim, just mentioning fluttershy was kidnapped, discord went from goofy character, to very serious and looking to murder, so discord not taking the fight seriously until it was to late shouldnt have happened, BECAUSE fluttershy was in danger when the battle started
How about a squad versus squad death battle? Warhammer40k's Space Marines vs Halo's Spartans
Honestly I still see Discord as the true winner. He trapped Bill away so he wouldn't harm his friends. The true power of friendship!
I can honestly see something like this happening in the show. Discord sacrificing himself to save the Ponies❤ He may have started as a Villain, but in the end the end he's a HERO.
0:25  Sooo “The Mask v. Deadpool” was tame to you two?
You know the funny thing about these, I can do anything, and everything types of characters? Death battles says that they can do anything except this one thing. Discord can do anything, except regenerate his soul, Jean can do anything except regenerate her soul. Like why do these powers end with one thing they can't do or haven't shown?
To late I made a deal with him
as you portrayed it, discord won.  does a k.o. really mean much to beings like them? i think trapping bill was more of a win.    honestly didn't even know discord had lost until your break down. it looked like he just ported himself out of there after trapping bill.
Ok, the hand out of the sock puppet to the screams of children though. Pure gold.
BILL CYPHER vs SPONGEBOB THAT WOULD BE MIND BLOWING ❤
Honestly, this is one of the closest battles, considering that he lost, even when he won.
Cole macgrath...oh my GOOOOOD!!!!
16:37 is anyone else curious to know know what happened on the other side of the portal?
Although im sad discord losses, I was more heartbroken for flutters when that happened while she was calling for him ;-; useally discord would go serious if something touches her, but eventually discord can come back soon, it's said he can come back from fatil attacks on his soul, eventually I hope discord can go another round in death battle someday and win but until then, discord won for me on the deep end forseeing what would already happen.
thank you discord you saved your friends adn everyone, we will never forget you   may you rest in the chaotic madness you love
Discord just save everypony his own word now that’s a winner I feel sorry for Fluttershy to lose a friend but maybe Discord just clone himself to face Bill Cipher so it’s basically a Tie but reality check Discord still lose in the fight against the Dream Demon… I still voted for Discord ~
Discord really pulled the "I don't care if I lose, I just have to make sure you don't win~"
Deam enteresting battel, irealy  wish discord won o well to bad but he srowd bill over god and he's pony friend is safe hes detch wos not in vain, your detch batel are legendary thenk you guys
As chaotic as many people imagined, if you know exactly what those two can do. But damn, did Discord screw Bill over.  Edit: By the way. What happened to your season 1 and 2 episodes? Some of them disappeared from my liked list. Edit 2: Never mind, they're back. Also, did you guys get the orginal actors for these characters? Because it sounds like it.
Ok, who else can't wait for this next one?  I've been hoping for this match up for a long time now, never thought I'd see it, and following pure chaos no less! XD
From one chosen matchup to another; how nice.
Someone should send this to John de Lancie!
I was expecting a more violent death, and for Bill to stay in Ponyville.
Yang needs to return to DB to fight Bakugo
YOO ALEX MERCER
Discord was only vanishing as a Ghost because he was turning normal; the opposite of his Chaotic nature. Since the fight, Discord was not normal, he wouldn't have been erased and would have lived.
#1 on Trending, good job!
YEEEEEEESSSSSS!!!!!!! I KNEW BILL CIPHER WOULD WIN!!! TAKE THAT, PONIES!!!
"Reality is an illusion! The universe is a hologram! Buy gold! Buyyyyyy!"  This has got to be one of the cleanest DB animations period, not to mention just a good one in general. So many little touches like the Mabel and Dipper ponies to the madness bubbles...top tier.
This is the first Death Battle where I honestly think fans of the loser will enjoy it more than fans of the winner. (As a fan of both I’m the true winner). This is some of the best characterization and story telling DB has ever done.
Discord lost the Death Battle but won the battle
Not only is Bill trapped, by killing Discord he's eliminated the only entity that could truly understand him.
Absolutely love how bill used the exact same punch stan gave to him at discord, this death battle is freaking incredible because technically there were two winners, bill won the fight but discord tricked him into going back into his own world.  Which I'm sure is gonna piss bill off for a long time.
I will say it was bittersweet that discord sacrificed himself in order to save his friends and sealed Bill away for good, but it was nice knowing that discord got the last laugh knowing that bill would not appreciate the victory he was given. Also does anyone know what Bill cipher said at the end because like in the show gravity falls, it was said backwards.
Great animation
This death battle was insane!
FINALLY THANK YOU 🙏
To be honest to me chaos magic is no different from toon force
how expensive was this episode, daymn
10/10 animation 10/10 fight 10/10 chaos 10/10 weird 10/10 music
Epic and funny
Does anybody know which character from MLP would fit in the zodiac needed to bear Bill? I think that rainbow dash is clearly the ice symbol but, what about everyone else?
Bill won the fight but Discord won the battle (metaphorically speaking)  As guy who loves fights, this one goes the the dorito.  As a guy who likes characters, this one goes to whatever the hell kinda horrid chimera Discord is.
When Looney Toons stop playing nice. 😊
I love how Bill and Discord switched so seamlessly between pixel animation and- well, I don't know the right term for it, but I don't wanna say 'proper' animation.
Well bill cipher once said,"we'll meet again dont know where, dont know when?!"
Would love to know the translations for the ciphers, and Bill's backwards talk at the end.
I dont know much about MLP but if that card at 18:17 is a real thing, would that imply Bill exists in the MLP universe?
That's interesting because yeah Bill had the Upperhand and Won the Battle... However, Discord also won because he sacrifice his own life but the general protection of fluttershy and the other ponies. He won in a Sense. *He Even Wrote a Goodbye Note to Fluttershy and the Gang.* That's rather Interesting way to end it off. I respect that. Also poor Discord
i dont care about these characters whatsoever but the animation and music was nice. good job guys
Bill Cipher wasn’t satisfied winning….the real winner was Discord- he saved the ponies world.
can we please have the next battle Mandalorian vs uber jason?
7:36 That Ryu vs batman better not be a hint for a future episode. Since I don't want batman to see return to Death Battle Ever Again. He's had enough screen time on this channel
Best back ground ever
Can someone please explain to me how Bill Cipher won?! 🤨🤨
A sad but epic finish, I'd say Discord got a technical victory!
Bill was in the latest Helluva Boss episode. It was a small reference and didn't look exactly like him but it had his colour scheme.
A weird surprise, but a welcome one.
Didn't even realize Discord lost. What a weird showdown.
I vote for cole to win
One of the most creative and coolest death battles i ever seen
Bill in the analysis: Can move at infinite speeds  Bill in the animation: Can't move fast enough to escape a closing rift
W
Discord may have lost the battle…but he definitely won the war 🎉🎉🎉
Honestly theyre equal enough that you can really say who would win and justify it through your perspective and they cant go 100% no youre wrong
I think bro's 7 years late to post this.
I thought Discord was going to win for having more 4th wall breaks. I can't remember if Bill ever did that, but it's wasn't his main thing. On the other hand, Discord basically doesn't care about the 4th wall and I thought he was going to rewrite the script to make himself win or something like that.
The substantiation joke was really fantastic, love it.
The amount of freedom the animators had for this fight
14:27 WOAH! that almost took my head off! careful with the lasers of 4th wall breaking characters next time!
It’s a W day for me! Todays my birthday (September 12th, it’s not the American clash royale 2 towers destroyed day lol)🎂 :D this peak deluxe episode came out AND BILL WON! 💛💙 3 PACKAGES IN ONE WOOOO everybody saying chaos would empower discord app but the DORITO did it!!!  ;) AAAHHH HAHAAAHAAAAHAHAA
😢😢😅😊😊😊😅😮🎉😂
First Death Battle to have the storyboard be blank sheet of paper saying "Do whatever you want as long as it won't get us omega canceled."
Vader’s Secret Apprentice vs Ashoka Tano
Prismo vs. gimme (adventure time vs. miraculous) or the lich vs. monarch
A valiant chaos. That was a Hell of an ending. [edit] Argh! won the war, however lost the battle. 🥲👍
Imagine if Bill and Discord actually were to team up, they would solo practically anyone and anything against them with ease lol
Damn bill got hands. Glad he won
Amazing fight! Easily the best of the season!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!! (The next death battle) has been wanted by so many of us long time viewers since this show began! I'm excited to see how it goes!
Sakuna (JJK) Vs. Muzan (Demon Sl.) would be a crazy battle
Still waiting for Luffy...
Omg inFamous vs Prototype, the ULTIMATE Sony vs. Microsoft let's gooooo
Well done, guys! The animation was pretty much everything I could've asked for. I even like how Bill kills Discord, but didn't really win (he's stuck in a world he hates).
I like Bill more but I was still rooting for Discord because Bill is a bastard.
Death Battle has been so good this season. The animation on this is incredible. Db deserves 10 million subscribers honestly
#1 trending!!! Way to go guys what an episode 👏
So… Bill won, but he actually lost? Bruh
This is the first time I've ever seen a combatant, sacrifice themselves to save others. I don't much care for MLP, but I gotta give mad respect to Discord. Bro's a hero in my book.
Even if he lost, Discord still got the last laugh!
Did we run out of people to put in the death battle??
Ciphers i found throughout the video:  A hdu'b vjxu dmzl kywvrwr lvgxg  Vovevm wvva mfga szs  Anyone wanna help deciphwr these?
It's one thing to die against someone who's terrorizing your home knowing you were unable to save it, it's another to die against that being knowing in the end you pulled one over on him and saved your home and your only true friend (oh, and her friends). Discord may be gone, but at least he went out having the last laugh.
IT HAS BEEN TOO LONG DB!! WHY NOW WITH ALEX MERCER AND COLE MACGRATH!!!!???
Let's all admit, Discord got the "villain to hero" nerf applied
This is literally everything I could have possibly wanted out of this episode, it’s the best of the season by a landslide and to top it off we get another godlike matchup after. I genuinely don’t know how they are gonna top this but I can’t wait to see, I haven’t been this excited about not only the episode itself but the next episode after in the longest time, truly well done round of applause I’m so genuinely hyped up right now 👏👏👏
Bills Backwards Stuff at the end. "Reality is an Illusion, The Universe is a Hologram, Buy Gold, Byeeeee!"
Wouldn't the fact that Discord thrives off chaos work against Bill the more they fought? Bill is one seriously chaotic triangle.
THEY FINALLY MAKING COLE MACGRATH VS ALEX. thought itd be james though
Who Would Win - Cole McGrath or Alex Mercer and why?  (imFAMOUS vs. PROTOTYPE)
honestly, when i saw the end of the fight i thought discord won by trapping bill in a dimension where he can't escape, until they said bill won lol
Luffy (5th Gear) VS Naruto (Baryon Mode)
Yeah; but, couldn’t Discord use the unicorn hairs of all the ponies!??? Especially from Starlight Glimmer, Rarity, and Twilight Sparkle’s to like protect himself or something make him a harder target to kill???  I mean guy Discord is freaking surround by ponies regularly. If he really did see Bill Cipher’s show, then wouldn’t he know to use his magic to access Fluttershy’s hair turning her into a unicorn 🦄 just so he can fight alongside her for funsies and the LOLs as he takes a victory turning all the trapped ponies into unicorn ms making their hair a huge weakness or obstacle for Bill???
Oh no not my boy cole :(
WHEN DID BILL CIPHER CROSS OVER WITH TRANSFORMERS AND MARVEL I CAN'T FIND IT!?!
Bill won the fight but Discord definitely got the last laugh. I'd say Discord was the real winner.
Get in the jar 0:49
This was an amazing episode, my new favorite for the season. I knew nothing about Discord and a little about Bill, and seeing a match up that I voted for make it in was awesome! Also that ending, it was crazy, a true “you won the battle, but I won the war” type of thing! And the animation and voice acting, *chef’s kiss*.  Also, it was funny seeing Kool Aid Man and Macho Man at it again in another fight during this. Props.
I love discord better. I still think he could win.
bro that music slaps
This is indescribably awesome the amount of effort that went into this is clear. A true show of craftsmanship and skill! You gotta replay this a couple times after watching it's that good.
POSSIBLY THE BEST ANIMATED DEATH BATTLE TO DATE!
Day 4  Do Luffy One piece vs Plastic man DC
Trying to find the Rick cameo.
We need to see Monkey D. Luffy vs Shantae!
Yeah, figures Bill Cypher would win...   ( Now do Mister Mxyzptlk Versus Q and have the winner of that match face off against Bill Cypher 😉)
I wonder how many people who only watch the death battles were surprised by the "face reveals"
Draco- what?
How come discord didn’t have like a ton of unicorn hair? He’s friends with unicorns!
kenpachi vs zoro
1 , batman vs predator  2, Beetlejuice vs pennywise  3,
If you're wondering, The backwards message at 19:25 is "Reality Is An Illusion, The Universe Is A Hologram, Buy Gold Bye!!!!!" Same thing Bill said to Gideon when he was summoned.
Wow, the animations go **HARD**. Discord at one point looking like he came right out of the show and Bill's transformations / outbursts were so well done it too looked out of the show. This was by far my favorite episode, and not only that- despite Discord losing via death, he actually 'won' in my eyes getting Cipher very personally and that, is the rarest thing i've seen on this channel.  Amazing job guys, 10 / 10
The reverse at the end is "Reality is an illusion! The universe is a hologram! Buy Gold! Bye!"
That was awesome! Though, could someone please reverse Bill's backwards talk and tell me what he said at the end there? I'm really curious.
Well I'd Knew Bill won that DEATH BATTLE He his the ultimate Disney Villain
Discord may have lost the fight but at least he made sure Bills didn't get what he wanted by protecting his ponies.   I see that as an absolute win
The biggest thing that makes me believe discord is more powerful is that he can interact with our dimension. I dont think bill was ever shown to be aware of the 4th wall.
Fluttershy is best pony
Based on the animation, Bill might have won, but Discord died in the best way possible for himself and his friends, a fabulously chaotic hero.
4:27 "IM AN AXOLOTL" -A vernias from the wild 🤓 (Party crashers)
Eldar
Eldar
The amount of references and easter eggs in this video due to the sheer absurdity of these characters and there feats was really neat.
16:51-17:00 is soo good
I want to see bill fight again in the future, but discord truly outsmarted bill which is his fatal flaw he may be a all powerful god but his ego is too big which made him lose to the pines and be trapped by discord, loved this one guys!
It is he literally can destroy the entire Multivas in a snap
STAR WARS VS STAR TREK!!!!
Bill won the battle yet lost the war
i mean both will return eventually lol
holy hell that gave me goose bump
Oh this is going to be EPIC
10:35 Always fun, but a costume change was a missed opportunity.
What a cool unique battle.
I spotted a hidden Bendy.  Can you spot it?
Did he say like and subscribe backwards? 19:25 🤔
Damn. Phenomenal episode!  2 Q’s, though: 1) Has anyone decoded what Bill is saying in the end?  2) Not knowing anything about Discord, how exactly did Discord trap Bill in the end to have the last laugh in this Death Battle? I’m not sure I understand what happened in the end there…
This. Is. PERFECT!!!
it's here! IT'S HEREEE!!! oh, I've waited for this, we're gonna have a blast everyone!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!! DO BLACK HAT VS BILL CIPHER!!!!
What did bill say at the end?
I wish Scarlet Witch (comics) vs Zamasu/Goku Black death battle
Ohhh one of the the old school vs next
that leaves left are 3 are Rarity, Applejack, & Fluttershy to complete the Mane 6
Rick Sanchez vs Reed Richards, Old Man Kratos vs Old Man Logan.... Aphrodite vs ron jeromy
16:36: After Equestria universe break ups, Bill Cipher grips Discord so hard when he attempts enter the portal of Equestria universe where the Mane Six are still around dully in his last leg, but the portal closed eventually and leaving Bill angered in grief by killing Discord on his hand.
The way i see it discord is much more of a manipulator since bill’s ego can blind him and he does rely on deals essentially to trick people through their desires to get what he wants
I have to ask, what did bill say at the end?  I don’t have anything that can play it in reverse.
19:25 Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, byeeee!
One of the best fights I've seen. Its just nice to watch 2 evenly matched chaos gods fight. Also watching the pyramid get into different modes of rage was the best.
This is truly one of the greatest death battle episodes of all time, Top 5.
....I wanna make a deal.
Amazing battle! This season has been great! I love how much better the setup, writing and resolution has been in the fights. Its insane how good these are when even the loser feels like a winner because the writing is respectful of both combatants
Discord would of won that battle but my rest in peace
This is truly one of the best Death Battles they've done! From the animation to the voice acting to the research done on both characters and of course the ending!!! It is truly amazing!!! I love that Bill one but also lost while Discord lost but also won, it's just perfect also the 4th wall breaking is fun! Even if you don't agree with the outcome for whatever reason you can agree on this....they went above and beyond with this Death Battle and it was entertaining as hell watch
19:25 anyone care to reverse that and tell what he said?  This was an awesome episode! It was hilarious and chaotic. Characteristics that fit both characters perfectly.
👎👎
I had no idea who truly won that fight till the end of the video😂
Oh my god, they're FINALLY doing Mercer vs. Cole.  Can't wait!
While I agree with most DB results, I firmly have to disagree with this one, and I'm saying this as someone who likes Bill a LOT more than Discord. First, Discord is the more powerful one. He's manipulated reality far more freely, extensively, and easily than Bill. Plus, he doesn't face such limitations on his powers like Bill does, for instance, Bill has had his power confined and/or neutralized a lot more, he can't freely move through dimensions or open portals or send others through them unless certain conditions are met, he needs to make deals before he can do certain things, etc. Also, while he can regenerate, Bill can be harmed by simple things, like Mable's hairspray to his eye or having his eye ripped out, while Discord can't really be harmed unless he allows it (like he can get shot, but he won't be "hurt" unless he wants to be). On that note, Discord never had his body destroyed, he was simply magically banished from school grounds, so he re-entered them as a ghost since only his physical form was banished as a loophole. Plus, Discord is an immortal god of chaos who thrives and is empowered by chaos, so anything Bill does to him would only make him stronger. Contrary to that, Bill needs to get rid of opposition of someone with a similar power in order to have full dominion over it, as evident by him saying he only had power over time once he got rid of Time Baby. Unless his power is drained, the only thing that can harm Discord is a lack of chaos, which causes him to fade away. In any case, he could have easily gotten rid of Bill by creating a copy of himself and having Bill enter its mind, then just erasing his copy, or defeated him a number of other ways. Discord should have won this.
Been waiting for the next episode for over 10 years
I would like to see chai from hi fi rush against joker from persona five. Idk i feel like it could be cool :)
The fact that there were multiple animation styles including puppets was next level
I'm super excited for the next one!!!!
Wonder if anyone noticed Bendy in that old cartoon section of the fight?
This honestly feels like Discord let him think he won and just escaped through the reality hole while leaving an image behind to make Bill think he killed him.  It feels more like a draw than a K.O, Discord realizing he can't beat him and just noping out of there.
16:35
Ok, another thing: when they are describing discord, in the later half after the live action, it turns into a variation of “God rest ye merry gentlemen.”
Bill won a Victory!  A Pyrrhic one.
Bill won the battle Discord won the war
Mad respect for the animators of this video. Holy, was it good 👍
Why do you delete my posts? Bill can't travel through time and other realities freely like Discord can.  Bill needs to make a deal with an inhabitant with a reality before he can enter it.
Gonna be honest, I had to see the post-fight breakdown just to understand that they were giving Bill the win.  Discord's about as likely to stay dead as Clark Kent.  Also, I'm very surprised to see no comments trying to break down the ciphers from the on screen text, though in my rudimentary attempts it seems maybe they were just gibberish?  I tried ROT and Caesar but got nowhere.
Please stop deleting my posts  17:29 Bill's only known weakness is unicorn hair. It prevented him from entering,  or effecting anything inside a building, that had strands of unicorn hair along it's interiors.  Would Bill even be able to enter the MLP realities?  What would unicorn magic do to him?  What would the Elements of Harmony do to him?  Discord has infinite access to unicorn hair.
I can't believe the reality warping, fourth wall breaking guy won. It would have been surprising if the reality warping, fourth wall breaking guy had won.
Amusingly enough, I'm pretty sure the moment Discord pulled the actual switcheroo was during the hand puppets. It would be the easiest time to pull it off, with how Bill was focusing on the kill instead of paying attention to his surroundings.
Ok, but notice at the end, you can see the letter he wrote at the very beginning.  Discord knew exactly what would happen and he still fought anyways.  Truly, the most selfless chaotic being.
17:56 "we know erasing Discord will kill him" That's not what you know. You know, that if Discord chooses to not be chaotic for long enough,  he will fade away into nothing. Who healed Dipper's soul after Bill shot a hole through it?
I can see where Discord was going with this. He knows that he can not beat Bill, He was however pulling this plan off to save everyone he cares deeply about so much. Even at the cost of his own life.
Anyone know the key to the first chypher in here? I assumed it was viginere and the  key was "despicably" but ig not
Loved this new episode but the sneak peak for the next fight is cole macgrath(infamous) vs alex mercer(prototype) i fell like its a bit unfair i mean how can cole kill a guy who tanked a nuke and can regenerate from literally one cell being alive?
I honestly didn’t really cared about this death battle, but the moment I skipped in the end of the video that revealed that next death was Cole McGrath (Infamous) vs Alex Mercer (prototype)  I was getting HYPED
Question, if bill is as all seeing as he claims? How has he not figured out how to break that weirdness equation that kept him trapped in Gravity Falls during the finale?
Bill may be the survivor, but if he's trapped back where he started, can you really call it a win? Discord saved his friends and home. That makes him the winner in my book.
Discord's death was so in character. A heroic troll till the very end.
If Discord can manipulate, time then he is not dead, his past self can just create a new timeline and continue on as if nothing happened wile leaving Bill trapped in the chaos dimension. So what Bill just did was kill a mere time remnant of Discord and with the possibility of time manipulation, discord is immortal (no matter what). But I can be wrong, I am after all just a nerd who has seen way too many TV shows for his own good.
Bill defeated himself, and will return another place another time. Discord meanwhile was beaten (twice) by the power of friendship  The winner was obvious
I've got the ultimate death battle ........ Discord vs Deadpool (cosmic Deadpool)
The battle is Bills. But the war is Discords
You guys need to do an All Robin Rumble please 💩
anyone figure out the backwards message at the end yet?
So is Sans vs Bill a no  Or is that for the next season
Wow...he knew he was going to kick the bucket from the beginning all along...which is why he wrote the letter at the very beginning of the battle instead of waiting to tell in person.
Alternative Title:Bill Cipher Vs Discord (Disney Vs Hasbro) | DEATH BATTLE!
Next time looks like another fun one, good old superhuman matchup. My money's on Alex.
Or Pioneer Square in seattle.....😂😂😂😂😂 Weird creates weird!
The battle and the music were fricking amazing. But I am very surprised that nobody mentioned the appearance of Bendy and Cuphead in “old cartoon dimension”. Is this like the “Hulk vs Brooly” from Batgirl vs Spider-Gwen, a future Deathbattle?
This fight was siiiiiiiiiiiiiiick omg
Okay but Discord is 2-A, whereas Bill Cypher is only 3-A; meaning Discord is a higher dimensional being and stronger than Bill Cipher.
Cameos of the battle i have seen: Sans: behind the drum of weird day Cuphead and bendy: in the cartoon dimension Kool aid and macho man: in the stop motion dimension Rick , the doctor?(i can't see if it's really him) john constanine (maybe) dipper and mabel the 3rd book and martian manhunter: when bill is atacking discord with his laser in the air I heard a comment about ann and luz (amphibia and owl house) at the beggining with a hat and a sword but can't really see it
I would have liked to see Bill Cipher versus The Owl House's Collector but this was a cool matchup.
Why are you deleting my posts?
So, how do you follow up a Death Battle between two of the most powerful beings in all of popular culture!?  I'll tell you how...  Heck, I've been telling you how for months now.  You already know.  Rick vs. Washu.  The time has come, friends.
I couldn't even tell who won lol
If Bill threatened Fluttershy, Discord would have destroyed Bill atom by atom.
Something that wasn't taken into account. When it came to Fluttershy's safety then Discord would of went all out.
17:56 "we know fully erasing Discord will kill him" No you don't. We know, that if Discord chooses to not be chaotic for long enough,  he will fade away into nothing. Who healed Dipper's soul after Bill shot a hole through it?
I think while Bill won the battle Discord won the war because he accommodated what he set out to do
0:24 Ain't no way my YouTube Crashed at this part  Tf Death Battle doing here
At least he saved the universe with his sacrifice
Somebody show this to Alex Hirsch. This is the product of something extremely special. I wouldn’t change a thing. Nice job!
wait what? he won?
Columbo spotted at 19:21, you have to slow it down and pause frame by frame on the right side of his eye
Did the Death Battle crew not do any research? How the hell is DIscord "less powerful"? Even if he was, he gets power boosts from chaos! Bill is like a battery to him. And even if he gets erased, if chaos exists, he will return. It's stated multiple times in the comic. This does not feel throughly researched.
DO YOU KBOW HOW MANY TIMES IVE ASKED FOR ALEX MERCER VS COLE???? SINCE 2016 AT LEAST IM SO HYPE FOR THE NEXT ONE
Can we just say how fire the song track was today
On March 26th 2022,  just past midnight,  I was laying restless in bed,  and I had a heart attack.  My arms became tingly and numb,  then my chest got tighter,  and then my heart felt like it was being crushed.  So I sang out to God and Jesus,  about my pain, my feelings,  my faults and my inabilities.  As I sang, I began to feel like a river,  and His hand's fingers where skimming the surface,  separating the waters,  causing ripples through my body.  Then His hand reached inside,  and lit my heart on fire,  the heat moved like waves through my body.  When I was done singing,  all the pain was gone,  and I looked at the clock,  it was past 1am,  I had been singing near an hour.  Then the voice of my guardian angel called my name from above,  and there was a hymn of energy in the air, the same hymn I hear in my dreams of God.  Hallelujah for the Lord my God!  Hallelujah for His son Jesus!  Hallelujah for every day!  Hallelujah for every breath!
Oh god an alex vs cole matchup.  My inner fourteen year old is dying in happiness  Also bill is terrifying and definitely an interesting character, discord died but at least he was able to say goodbye
So basically Bill won the battle but Discord won the war
What did Bill say at the end 19:24 ??
The fact that Discord has limits on how far he'll take his chaotic tendencies is funny.  (He considers things like crypto and NFTs crossing the line. I don't blame him.)
"I don't have to win, we both just have to lose" is a good quote to connect to the ending
OHHHHH!😂
Don't know how much of a connection(besides basic ideas), but the ending does feel like Persona 3's ending and the issues with using time travel in-universe to stop it.
I honestly think the whole reason why weird Mageddon was in Equestria was simply, because Bill tricked twilight into making a new portal
14:54 Adding Bendy. Nice touch
Who would win? Robert McCall(Equalizer) or John Wick?  That's be an interesting battle.
Discord may have lost but he lost like a boss by duping Bill Cipher back to the nightmare dimension.
The animation on this was so good holy crap thank you animators 🙏🏻
14:54 anyone else notice bendy?
I have been waiting all season for this! Great episode. Never watched MLP but I am a huge Gravity falls fan.
I love the music for this battle oddly
I knew bill would win, cause they are even on every front, except bill is far more blood thirsty so hes going for the kill
This is another death battle where, frankly, there is no end. Discord can't die. Some may argue that, but I ask, what is more chaotic then not dying when someone who can destroy the soul, destroys your soul? Yes, that could be cheating, but... It's Discord. Why would he care?
17:29 Bill's only known weakness is unicorn hair. It prevented him from entering,  or effecting anything inside a building, that had strands of unicorn hair along it's interiors.  Would Bill even be able to enter the MLP realities?  What would unicorn magic do to him?  What would the Elements of Harmony do to him?  Discord has infinite access to unicorn hair.
Yes I want to make a deal you try look like discord to trick flutter shy also put on sun glasses now you get out
Bill might have won but Discord got the last laugh
This was a really cool video!
Honestly one of the best death battles oat the animation was amazing
19:25 In reverse Bill says "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram buy gold bye."
OMG I can't wait till the next episode!!! Two of my favorite characters, InFamous is just so well done. And Prototype was a fantastically fun killing spree.
Ok, but can he beat the mask tho?
Yujiro Hanma vs Kuroki Gensai
bill cipher vs spongebob
I use to think this was fan made till I saw it
Using the old Fighting is Magic sprites for the one scene the horses are in is a nice nostalgic touch. Never forget what the company took from us, even if TFH is goated lol
I just don't even know where to begin with this DB. The animation is AMAZING, I love the voice acting, and I love the bittersweet ending of "Losing the battle, but not the war". I've never watched MLP but Discord is my favorite character already.
Didn't even know who won in the end lmao, thought Bill lost.
Spoilers:         I got to say my favorite little twist in this particular battle is that even though discord loses. He still insured that bill was no longer harming his friends.
Bill may have won, but Discord got the last laugh 😊
Bill can't travel through time, or dimensions freely like Discord can. Bill can only enter a reality by making a deal with it's inhabitants.
So are we just all gonna ignore that Boomstick just knocked bill out of him with one Pat on the back?
This was SO DOPE. I honestly wasn't sure how this one would play out because it really all comes down to the lore and little details. No math, just definitions and speculation, the ultimate meta battle. And can we talk about how good the music was? And the fact that the soundtrack went along with the battle? It was like ERB entered the chat
This just makes me wonder if Bill is stronger than the Mask. Hopefully we find out
even after dying i can hear Discord laughing his ass off.  probably would have given a speech about Hubris and Foolishness. and getting the last laugh
I suspected from the beginning that Bill would likely win, but man I really hoped Discord could have pulled through somehow :< still, this was a really good episode. Really loved the entire thing
Can deathbattle please bring back a one piece character back  at least once this season   Like Blackbeard smoker law I feel like one piece should have more representation
18:04 If Bill can see infinite realities and the futures effortlessly,  how did he keep getting tricked? And by children?
19:20 I think I understand what Bill was saying: LET ME OUT, OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!!!!!
This has to be one of Death Battle's best episodes. Everything is top notch, even the break down I am going to rewatch to catch everything I missed. This episode needed to be a banger and they did just that. As a person who has wanted Prototype/inFamous stuff for ten years especially in a crossover, I am excited yet worried how this follows.
3:54 I like that reference to how the time guy was voiced by the same guy who voiced Morty
Yo, the next death battle is gonna be an evolution in fighting, I’m shocked to see who wins……Eh? Get it?
Can we all agree that Discord played his trap card perfectly for his heroic death from Bill?
I mean, considering that Discord managed to trap Bill, wouldn't that still be a "win"?  So, that fight was a draw?
17:57 "we know fully erasing Discord will kill him" Just because Discord choosing to not be chaotic would kill him,  doesn't mean he can't regenerate his soul. Who healed Dipper's soul after Bill shot a hole through it?
For those debating how Bill won despite Discord having an insane healing factor:  Death Battle only considers 'Death' if the following citeria was met:  1. If one opponent has more methods to kill them than the other (i.e. Pokemon Royal Rumble) 2. If one opponent is vastly superior in feats than the others. 3. In cases of stalemate (i.e. this Death Battle), whoever can return the fastest from nothing wins.  Bill is more than capable of returning instantly even when erased from existence, while Discord takes time before coming back to fight again.   By technicality, Bill won tactically speaking, but as shown in this Death Battle, Discord beats him strategically.
Man, with that disclosure for draft kings, I'd have told them no thanks. I feel like it took as long as the video. Hope they at least pay well.
I didn’t think the next poll episode would come out until at least October isn’t this a little early
"Discord? Discord?..." 'bout broke my heart😢
But did he really win? Discord may be gone, but he's the only one who got what he wanted out of the fight. Discord wanted Bill out of Equestria and away from Fluttershy; Bill wanted to rule and torment everything there. And where is Bill? Trapped again, while Equestria is already completely healed and back to normal. Discord even managed to leave Fluttershy a letter, in case he didn't win.
Goofy ah death battle episode ☠
Straight up great Death Battle People, Discord still one of my favorite characters pulling out the Loss of the event to win a bigger victory!  Also did anyone else catch on the Victory screen something off?  19:22 into the vid, I hear something like a reversed speech that indicated Bill's plea during his death at the end of Gravity Falls.  By slowing down to the slowest setting at the aforementioned timestamp, I can also see the following.  The flashing images when slowing down the video during said odd dialogue.  I read it as "NSTRANSFORMTHEQUESTIONDEMONSTRAN", or "Transform The Question Demons" repeating in many lines over and over up and down and horizontally as well. Not gunna lie, it's something straight outta gravity Falls, Puzzle pieces for those of us interested to look into.  Sadly, I don't have sound equipment or anything i know how to reverse sound bites with, anyone else down to try and solve this Gravity Falls puzzle, I'm hoping to get a reply or a DM, I'm down to investigate!
lol whale watching Bill Cypher segment i started hearing a voice whispering to me   I thought that's cool Death Battle had put an audio queue in the video to mimic what it would be like to have Bill Cypher sitting in the back of your head.  The advert started and the Whispering still continued. I started to worry that maybe I had finally lost my mind and finally developed schizophrenia. no it was just a twitch video I had playing in the background that had been turned down
Perfect.  This episode is simply... Perfect in every way.  Great job Death Battle crew. There wasn't a single thing I can complain about.
19:46 At Last!!!! AT LONG FREAKING LAST!!! Long have I waited for this moment        MERCER!!!!!!
I’m convinced that at least one person involved in making this masterpiece has tripped before. 😉😂
Play the last thing bill said in the video backwards, so we know what it is.
Chads getting that dad bod I hope to have one day!
I predicted that Discord would lose. He may have been prehistoric, but Bill has been around for 1 trillion years and is more bloodthirsty and ruthless. And since Bill can manipulate Souls, there was nothing Discord could do to counter that and he has never been able to steal a soul
Actually at the end of the fight with the Tirek episode you can see him wink at the celestial at the end. He knew what he was doing.
Whats the song for the next time?
I feel a lose of THE GAME. The fact that chaos gods don’t bring this into the 4th wall breaking… I as an agent of the Flying Spaghetti Monster must not allow this to pass. Your welcome. Also add some more death battle pirates, the global temp is rising!
13:56 Bill: ARGH, MY EYE!!! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW LONG IT TOOK TO REGENERATE THAT?!!!😡😡😡 They always go for the eye.😅
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war.
Even knowing nothing about either of these characters, this was a great one.   But um... unless I'm missing something (been a looooooooong time since i plaued infamous) Cole stands absolutely no chance against Alex. He'd have to be similar as absorb him. A nuke couldnt even kill Alex. On the other hand, Cole also gets drained and have to recharge. Alex canonically doesnt. It just helps with his recovery, and he only really needs that when they could weaken his virus. They could no longer do that in Prototype 2. Me and my buds had this discussion years ago, when the games came out lol. Alex(Zeus) can even make his infection airborne. Its like fighting a super symbiote whereas Cole is still a man, just with power.
The end of the fight was really satisfying no matter who you were going for
Huh that letter was sent right after the beginning... dude knew he was gonna lose beforehand. Damn that's crazy good.
Excuse me but Discord can't be killed unless he stops being himself. Whiiiiiiiiiiich I doubt Triangle can. Soooooooooo Fake ass logics
I will make a deal
Bill is only more powerful if he has a physical form. Most of the time he's stuck in the mindscape which severely limits his abilities. Discord has no such restriction on his powers.
Fight is great, and Im glad bill won. However, what is great about this episode is the music. Easily one of the best songs they have ever done. The full song is amazing
Draft Kings and Better Help. So after I lose all my money on football bets, I can get cheap therapy to keep from ending myself. That's called synergy.
Wait!?  are you implying that Discord the reborn form of Bill was put down by his previous incarnation?  That's so crazy it must be true.
Nathan drake vs Indian jones anyone?
bill is about as bad as my last video 💀
!!
In terms of Bill, ultimately as pure energy, he really couldn't be destroyed, however....  Ironically extremely easily sealed, he's 2D originally and pure energy, gotta suck being able to be trapped in a circuit board or really any "flat non flat surface" like a drawing on paper or stone carvings. What's that Genie line "phenomenal cosmic power.... itty bitty living space" 😂
I'll be honest fluttershy calling out to discord wondering where he is will always be so very sad.
I disagree with the outcome, but the fight was amazing.
I feel like this didn't address Discord's meta powers sufficiently in the final analysis.  Discord was capable of directly interacting with the actual media he's in even to the point of altering the genre.  This means he could alter the nature of Death Battle *itself* technically to the point where he conceivably could have placed them in a genre where the hero wins by default and obviously this Discord is playing the part of the hero and could survive even soul erasure by that method.  That sort of thing has happened before like in Deadpool vs. The Mask.
wow even after loosing Discord sort of won
You should do **Wilford Warfstache - Markiplier ego** vs **Pinkie Pie - My Little Pony**  They both have this cartoonish logic to them and don't have actual "power/magic" yet don't make sense and can do magic-like things.
I'm not going to lie, I was both excited and anxious for this episode. The core theme of both combatants is unpredictable chaos, meaning that ANYTHING could happen. I was wondering how Death Battle was going to pull off the chaos in a way that truly made it feel like you had NO IDEA what the combatants were going to throw at each other (and at us) all the while making it enjoyable and gloriously manic. And the crazy talented people at Death Battle have truly outdone themselves. This episode exceeded my wildest expectations, and I have to say that the voice actors for Bill Cipher and Discord gave wonderfully enjoyable performances. From start to finish, I was laughing and crying SO HARD! 🤣😆🤣😆🤣  And the ending is fittingly insane; Bill Cipher and Discord both won the battle in different ways. In the battle of goals, Discord won by tricking Bill into taking Weirdmageddon away from Canterlot and bringing everything back to normal (at the cost of his own life). In the battle to the death, Bill won by annihilating Discord (at the cost of being imprisoned in the Nightmare Realm). With warped credits, spontaneous animation shifts, the bullet-point fact lists hijacked by omniscient bickering, the camera being distorted (and even Wiz and Boomstick being turned into their voice actors!), who knows if the fourth wall will remain intact in the next episode after being THOROUGHLY and UTTERLY SHATTERED in this one!
This one was sooooo interesting and SOOOOOOOO FUN! I can't believe these two finally made it to the big DB screen!!!!!
OMG top 5 Best Death Battle. The animation was God tier, the explanation and the fact that Discord sacrificed himself
So theyre equally matched even though discord can travel through the Multiverse without even thinking about it while Bill has to trick humans into doing so for thousands of years??? There is a very clear overestimation on bills powers here. . Also, who said the dumb idea of Discord having to go into bills mind to destroy it??? Discord never had to enter Bills mind or spirit to destroy it in the first place. Discord could've just destroyed Bills mind on the outside and won. Its really just a fan contest though even though I like Gravity Falls a LOT BETTER than my little pony. I see the clear political plays here for fan service and more views and Death Battles have just been doing this for years sweeping Key points under the rug to fulfill their little head cannon fantasy.
16:43
16:44 the last laugh
Oh, don't worry. Discord's only pretending to be dead. He's waiting for the opportune moment for precision comedy's sake. DUH.
This is all I've ever wished for in life. I will die happy now.
I want to see Roman reigns vs The Black adam The Dwayne Johnson 😅
Nah, Discord won despite being destroyed. Bill was still 'standing' but was sealed back in the Nightmare Realm again and Discord saved his home. That's more of a flat out win than anything.
Man, theses two just keep getting better on their acts through out the series, this episode being a good example.    On a side note, it's reminded me of a match up I'd love to see, between two scientific masters of the multiverse: Kang the Conqueror vs Rick Sanchez.
Bill may have won but discord got the last laugh.
Okay this is a really good fight but there's something that caught my eye when they were in the old cartoon world bendy and cuphead on in the background and I know this is based off the dbx but is this foreshadowing that we're going to get cuphead vs bendy?
Where are all the people who disagree with the result? I want to see some, or is everyone agreeing on the victor this time?
Aw man, somebody record the reversed version of that last line. I need to find out what Bill Cipher just said
I’m curious who can beat bill
14:54 BENDY!!!!!!!!!!
Zant vs Ghirahim.
Discord is the only character in death battle history to have done the litteral impossible:       lose like a champ
This has to be the episode with the best animation yet
Next death battle: Looney Tunes the last dow dow bird vs DC's Myxlpyx
Here's a death battle no one thought of.  A pair of Sci-fi Monsters from the 1950's...   The Thing from another World vs IT! The Terror from beyond Space..  It is considered to be the inspiration for ALIEN.  It hides in the air shafts. It's bulletproof, grenade proof, gas proof, and electricity proof. Possessing great strength, and strong sharp claws; which can tear steel apart.   While from another world The cunning Thing plots to hunt down humans like Predator; to use their blood for food and seeding a proxy invasion force. The thing also has sharp barbed fist and fingers, can regenerate torn off limbs, can exist in extreme cold, and is extremely strong. Which of these two blood thirsty Space Monsters will emerge the winner?
“Winning” due to a psychological edge?  And winning being in quotes because of a nearly-pyrric victory?  That’s certainly novel, and I dig it.
Discord may have lost, but he saved his friends in the process.  But hearing fluttershy call for discord hurt, not gonna lie.
Bro, the RoosterTeeth logo, still! Ain't no way! 💀💀💀💀💀
But can he beat goku
cant wait for next battle my vote is on mercer
I've been asking for Alex Mercer  and Cole since Death Battle started years ago!
First point, Bill has NEVER shown the ability for his material body to go into his mind. So once Discord erased Bill's memories, Discord just needs one snap as Bill died with one punch by Stan. Once memories get erased Bill found out his powers no longer work.  2nd point, Bill is a DREAM demon, a LIVING THOUGHT. Thoughts can be erased for good, concepts can't. Discord is a concept. One is dead for a time but the other is dead for good without a 4th dimensional Aztec chaos god. 3rd point, both can effect the 4th wall but ONLY DISCORD has shown to exist OUTSIDE it. He could literally pencil erase Bill away like the old bugs bunny cartoons. 4th point, Discord's mind has every possible reality made from EVERY choice you can make. Discord is VERIFIED Omniscient in the comics. The scan presented by deathbattle states Bill sees PROBABILITY with FLUCTUATING RANGE. This means he doesn't see everything. Discord is Omniscient but never really applies it and Bill is near-omniscient but doesn't apply it. 5th point, Discord has only been drained on 2 occasions. One when he thought Tirek was his friend and the 2nd when he had to pretend to be Grogar. Situations he either was off guard or couldn't use his power to protect him. 6th point, the unicorn seal was made by humans with ZERO magic. Grogars Bell IS MAGIC that takes it from *does a mental count* about 7 Celestia tiers. Nitemare moon/Celestia tiers require ALL 6 ELEMEMTS OF HARMONY. JUST TWILIGHT'S CROWN..JUST ONE OF THE ELEMENTS.... EXCESS MAGIC ONLY..nearly broke the Equestria Girls human world while warping Equestria. Warping 2 universes. 2 X 6 X 7=GROGARS BELL AT BARE MINIMUM 84 UNIVERSE STRONG. BILLS POWER COULDN'T ESCAPE A WEIRDNESS MAGNETISM FIELD CONFINED TO ONE HICK TOWN. At MAX WANK, this would be a UNIVERSAL field. AT MINIMUM( And the most sad scale), he is held in check by a PLANETARY field. 7th point, BY FEAT SCALING, Discord is way stronger than Bill AND he is fueled by Chaos ... the NATURE OF WEIRDMAGGEDON. That gives Discord INFINITE STAMINA PLUS A BELL THAT CAN DRAIN BILL'S POWER. How does Bill win exactly? 😂
Wow the fight was so good I actually backed it up and watched the pony backstory if you've gotta go out at someone else's hands kick them hard someplace sensitive on the way down
The confused calls for discords name will always break my heart
Discord vs Bill Cypher = !dewercs si ytilaeR and IT'S AWESOME!!!
A travesty!
I Hate How The Soundtrack Wasn’t Deciphering Discord But... This Episode Was FREAKING FANTASTIC!
So right after the 2D pole winner comes the 3D pole winner? Wasn’t expecting that right away.
The next one I already know the winner, I've gone down the rabbit hole long ago
a Spirit of Chaos Tricking a God of Insanity   Is that ironic or fitting?
This is one of the best death battles ever, music, animation, and just the "plot" of the fight was pretty good.
Discord still could've won even dying there. You conveniently avoided using the fact that Discord can make copies of himself that are quite literally copies of himself with his mind and all.
Guess I won't be seeing Cole McGrath vs Starkiller anytime soon.
this is such a fever dream
What if it SpongeBob vs bill cipher  would the match be fair or would ultimate SpongeBob win cause   Whizz and boom stick already explained that SpongeBob is immortal and similar to a god but would that be true.  This is just a question don’t take it to serious.
Maybe we can convince Valskibum thto watch this episode, id think he'd like it!
I want Ainz ooal gown vs Gilgamesh ( overlord vs fate grand order)
Incredible video, really one of my favorite fight scenes yet. Big Discord fan, but I like Bill more haha didn't expect the win, but that "all-or-nothing" attitude y'know?
I was rooting for discord
Bill won the fight but Discord won the war. What a TWIST.
Bill cipher vs Dr Manhattan  Who would win?
Okay, DEATHBATTLE... you've finally recovered some goodwill you lost from the joke that was Buu vs. Kirby. FINALLY some real in-depth comparison and understanding of the characters, and as much as I love Discord, the ending is fitting (Bill's 'victory' and Discord's 'defeat'). I have to say, been a long time since you lads put out a 10 out of 10, but here we are! Congrats and I'll be keeping an eye out once more
I'm shocked the UNICORM HAIR never came up in a show that's well.. not really rare mystical item or anything
Here’s one thing that I think should have been part of the battle. One of Bill’s weaknesses is to Unicorn hair. And with Discord being around Ponies so much (though he’s mainly around a Pegasus) that he 100% has a few strands from Twilight’s main lying around. Yes, you said that it just blocks and doesn’t do damage, but if he wrapped himself in it, he could black practically all his attacks while still using his own chaos magic.  Edit: I’m dumb because Unicorn hair is just an ingredient in the magic barrier, though I wouldn’t be surprised that discord could create the other ingredients.
Am I the only one who wishes this was posted on Halloween instead of 9/11?
What does Discord say at the end? Surprised Bill didn't recognize what?
The actual fight confused me a lot. I straight up thought Bill lost Bc he was so worried about whatever that portal was. I had to watch the explanation to figure out who actually won   Was anyone else confused at first?
The problem with reality warping is that the more you do it the more likely you'll just break reality entirely. That's the ultimate fate of every universe Bill gets his hands on.
I like How Bill Won the Death Battle but didnt get what he wanted-and got screwed over. W for a Discord lover.
Next time you guys have any pony characters on the show PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE REACH OUT TO THE LIVING-TOMBSTONE FOR MUSIC😩😩🤍🤍 he has an awesome song called discord
Just beginning to watch the video and I'm guessing that Bill is going to clap Discord so hard.
Yall's animations have gotten INSANE
Anyone else notice the Pony versions of Dipper and Mabel in the background? Which is funny because a pony parody of Mable actually appeared in the comics once.
Love everything about this episode!🤩 THAT WAS AWSOME!!
*Fluttershy:* Where's Discord? *Pinkie:* OOH! He's on Death Battle! I had so much fun there. *Rainbow Dash:* They recognized how awesome I was. *Twlight:* They put me in a body cast for 18 months.
Did someone crop out that song yet?
When I saw the hints towards this, I knew Bill would win, even if I hated him
Too bad it's a death battle, because that loss was more of a win to me.
due, imagine Jojo Jostar vs Yoh Asakura. Both have an entity to help them in combat and both have crazy anime powers
FINALLY!! cole mcgrath v Alex Mercer! ive been wanting that for years. it was one of my suggestions when death battle was still new XD
Respect discord
I Love it
Well, I think this is definitely one of my new favorite episodes. Just the fact that they got so insane and stayed true to both characters, and the fact that they both sort of lost in the end, this was nuts in all the right ways.
Does anyone know what the encrypted messages say?
Anyone know what Bill’s backwards speech at the end of the episode actually said?
Has anyone translated the ciphers or replayed Bill's last words backwards??.
Reality is an illusion! The universe is a hologram! Buy gold, bye~!
He lost but also won 😎
GGs now shake his hand
Yeah no.  This is a tie and if it aint I'm giving it to the one that has actually never been killed.
You all messed up, the bell would most definitely work on Bill. It's completely different then the magic in his world.
I haven’t watch the video yet, but I can tell you one thing discord will win easy W for him
Don't worry. Pinkie Pie's already got the party ready.
That was awesome and so chaotic, making it so much fun to watch 🤩 ⚠️🐉🦄
....why didnt bill just absorb discords soul or something and use his power to escape the realm?
10:34 Aside from Deadpool's 4th wall break, that was AMAZING and I laughed hard!
Bill suck
So Bill won by kill, but Discord won by ring out?
Boo bill
Cool match, fun fact: if you reverse the backward message at the end of the video you hear bill saying, 'reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, BYEEE"
Bill won but at what cost?
RIP discord
You guys should do whiteboard from one piece vs pain from naruto
Dang it, I was hoping Discord would win, but otherwise this was an awesome DeathBattle!
So Bill wins!?  Oh phew!!  That was WAY too close!
So what’s the backwards translation
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war
that ending was pretty great
I'm not sure Discord was ever actually dead in MLP. Honestly, I'm not sure his powers were even actually stolen. He might have just been playing along.  If that guy had actually stolen what seem to be infinite power, wouldn't he have been stronger? I'm also not sure the soul thing would have applied to him either... I'm not sure of anything, which strangely makes sense, since he's the embodiment of chaos...   BUT!  Given the assumptions that had to be made to make this possible at all: Great Deathbattle!
YOOOOO 2:05 MIGHT HINT A GOKU VS SOMEONE IN DEATH BATTLE HINTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!
Winner:Rory Mercury
Bill may have won the fight but discord definitely won the war
Ha.
I had to rewind several times to keep up lol but but one
A decade later since my first request.... And they are finally doing Cole MacGrath vs Alex Mercer
I gotta say, this is probably the only death battles where "Running the data through ALL possibilities" would actually be impossible.
Do bill vs golb
I miss gravity falls
Geralt of Rivia vs Remus Lupin Monkey D. Luffy vs. Mr. fantastic
John Rambo vs James Braddock or snake plisken  Neo vs lawnmower man
Everyone coping hard that even though Discord lost, he has won the war against Bill. Lmao no the Nightmare Realm isn't gonna hold Bill forever, he just bought some time for the inevitable.
This has got to be one of if not my most favorite episodes to date! It truly is a trip and a half getting not only Gravity Falls rep on the show, but also the best MLP episode to boot! There was so much love and passion put into this first fan-voted episode and I can't wait to see what's in store for Colex and future champion's ballots!   BTW, Anybody know what "TRANSFORM THE QUESTION DEMON" is about? It's the big block of repeating text that shows up for a few frames during the Winner end slate. Not sure if it's a clue for a future battle, a key for one of the ciphers, or just an easter egg I'm not aware of.
Discord definitely won that one in my book. Heck, he probably didn't die. In the battle between two all powerful beings, killing your opponent isn't a wincon but screwing over your opponent is.
This is more like *I've won, but at what cost* kind of scenario
I choose to believe that Bill Cipher was reincarnated as King from Owl House.
Uuuhh.. Fine I guess I'll watch gravity falls then
When are we going to get a death battle with a Warhammer 40K character
This is the best 2d animation I've seen from them of all time. It almost seems  actual disney show level. And are they the actual VA's for the show? Great fight and ending. Simply phenomenal!
Gumball vs SpongeBob ?
I love how this fight wasn't just in the battle it was also in the music its awesome how they put so much attention to detail in this fight
Discord: i lost the fight. But i still won
YES!! FINALY, THE NEXT DEATH BATTLE WILL BE LEGENDARY!!!
You just got a new subscriber!
i've always loved the idea of someone stupidly strong entering a completely different reality full of loved characters and causing absolute havoc  where even the most challenging fight he can face is more of an annoyance that can become a problem if the villain doesn't deal with it seriously
Well uh, I did vote for Discord to win, but I guess they both win in regards to the way Discord handled it. But yeah, congrats Bill.
The bills are really in the other episodes...well at least in phoenix vs raven but i am pretty sure those madlads did it in the others to
This is honestly a fair assessment of this fight.  Discord's regeneration isn't as strong as Bill's, and you're unlikely to win the same way twice against him unless he drops his guard.  Like they said in the analysis - if Bill was facing someone of similar power he would not hold back against them.
I am so looking forward to that next one. I'm rooting for Mercer, but I could see it going either way
14:51 who else saw kool aid man
Best death battle in a while. Awesome episode
You know what, maybe a continuation of this episode with Bill (or a resurrected Discord) face off against an other chaotic trickster. I mean there are so many of them lately (Wyrm, Him, Chaos, Klarion, Aku, Mr Mxyzptlk)
Since the battle of Steven universe vs Star I feel that there is a certain inclination to Disney characters as they ignore important things.
People are saying Discord won, but...let's be honest. The Nightmare Realm is not holding him there for long. He just bought time.
I had no idea they had an occultic cartoon. What company did that...oh right, of course it was Disney.
Bill won the battle but Discord won the war 😂
If anyone can decipher what Bill said, that would be great!
11:00 CREATED PONY LIFE AHAHAHFNFKFNFNDNDNF THAT IS SO HIM
Do an opponent vs skibidi toilet
Kinda weird they are advertising gambling on a video that a lot of kids will also watch...
finally, Cole vs Mercer
It is now day 1 of requesting a death battle between whiz and boomstick 🎉🎉🎉
Would like to see a sequel where Bill or Discord fight some other reality warping trickster of chaos. Like HIM, Wyrm or Chaos (the cosmic cat god from Aladdin).
Rory Mercury VS Shalltear Bloodfallen (Gate VS Overlord)
THE MUSIC THO 🔥🔥
For those wondering, Bill's last messaged is reversed audio saying: "Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. Buy Gold Buy!".
Death Battle Crossover-Bloodlust (Rory Mercury VS Shalltear Bloodfallen)
At the ending Bill says "Reality is a allusions the universe is a hologram buy gold bye!"
If cartoons were Pokemon: Bill Cypher Type: Dark/Ghost Ability: Clear Skin Move Set: Nasty Plot (Dark), Dark Pulse (Dark), Bitter Malice (Ghost), and Phantom Force.  Discord Type: Dragon Ability: Multiscale Move Set: Dragon Rush (Dragon), Dragon Dance (Dragon), Roost (Flying), and Crunch (Dark)
RIP discord W BFF till the end 🫡
This was a very well-animated episode and I highly respect the dedication and choreography 👏
Bill can always find his way back he did it ones and he can do it again and next there will be no discord to save them
Did they get the actual voice actors if not damn they sound similar
Draken vs Doofenshmirtz
The only reason Discord was disappearing was because he was actively eliminating chaos, which is HIM.  All it took to restore him entirely was Fluttershy basically making a mess of things. Since Bill is also all about creating chaos, this should make him impossible to eliminate, because he is the embodiment of chaos itself.  So Discord should be just as immortal, and with growing chaos his magic grows too. Also it is established that Discord doesn't mess around when it comes to saving Fluttershy. There is also no evidence he CAN be killed enough to become a ghost, that was heavily implied to be him messing around again. He does that often.  So if they're both basically immortal and all powerful, would it be a draw? I would say no, as Discord has one power that Bill does not.  Discord can freely travel all realities whenever he wants. Bill, cannot.  So regardless of how this momentary battle panned out, I would say Discord actually won, and as he's an immutable aspect of reality, he'll just return to life from chaos. Like a Phoenix, but with more chocolate rain.
Excited to watch this evening tho idk who discord is
I actually want to see a power ranger vs ranger battle or maybe more team fights if possible.
The mighty thor(Jane foster) vs supergirl/power girl
13:31 If you pay attention, you will notice that Anne Boonchuy's sword (Amphibia) appears and Luz Noceda's hat (The Owl House) falls briefly
I thought bill would defeat him, but still got screwed over
10:35 When Boomstick founded out he is ginger
The ultimate chaos: Create a situation in which all sides win and lose simultaneously, thus creating controversy about what happened and causing future Discord!   Side note: please note that Wiz has added potential for Bill Cipher powers in the eventual Wiz v Boomstick DB.
hey the appearances that the two show us  on the  previus 3 episodes are true
Did anyone else read Mass destruction... and think of Persona 3? ..Just me? .. okay, then...
Despite the fact that Bill was the one alive in the end, Discord won this fight in my book since he locked Bill in a dimension that he can't escape from on his own, before dying.
GOOD VIDEO 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Wait a bit but discord is also a 4d being how is he even still affected by bill 4d being and he still is more powerful for being able to pass the 4th wall in general
First episode I've watched all the way through. I was actually impressed. Even in losing, Discord wins. Although... Bill might be in trouble if Fluttershy sees him. Remember, she's deceptively strong and fast, incorruptible, and has the seldom-used _Stare_ . _All_ of her most impressive feats were for the sake of her friends, and Discord is one of those (I still don't think he's entirely dead either, because after all, he is a Q). Twilight Sparkle might have been Celestia's protegee, but Fluttershy was oddly placed closer to Celestia in a lot of places, even playing her in a play. She lectured a dragon into sobbing submission early in the series. I shudder to think what she might subject Bill to. So maybe it's better if he stayed in his dimension.
bring bill back
BILL NOT RIVAL FOR DISCORD....THE MAGIC OF FRIENDSHIP IN DISCORD IS MUST POWERFULL👊🏻
Can Discord actually be destroyed? I'm talking about permanently. We dont actually know he will stay dead. He's the personification of Disharmony so doesn't that means as long as there's Disharmony he will emerge again? Like with Raava in Legend of Korra. But we know Bill Chipher can be killed permanently if not for the AXOLOTL he would have died. I totally agree with in Mindscape Bill wins definitely, and They will tie or Discord will win in small margin in the reality bending power scale.
Surprised the fight never referenced bill’s unicorn hair weakness, even if it wouldn’t have made the winning difference. It just makes sense to include seeing as, yknow, my little pony
I kinda like how this death battle may have ended with bill winning but it was discord who still sent him back to his home dimension. So in the end they technically both won. (Plus given these character’s can anyone of them REALLY die?)
I had to give the side eye when I heard "My Little Pony" got to feel bad the guy who had to watch it just so they can make the vid
Should've been Alex Mercer Vs. Carnage
It would fit the spirit of chaos to make a death battle where the loser was the one who lived.
While the animation was great and the story was nice, I can't say I agree with the outcome... the logic that a bell designed to suck energy away from a being and redirect it and a shield made from unicorn hair, with the minor ability sap away the energy that touches it are even remotely the same thing makes literally no sense. On top of the Bewitching Bell argument, neither opponent had a singe advantage over the other, you could have very easily made the discord ghost a clone of discord that gets destroyed and him be walking away from the portal as it closes (since I don't see how a large chess piece would really destroy discord's body after everything else that'd happened in this video being on a much higher scale) and I wouldn't say anything would be wrong about the ending.
Bill is a reality bender,but usually isn't a 4th walk breaker.
the SMILE that just appeared on my face just from seeing these two pitted against each other, oh i am smitten right now
Wasn’t bill killed though? Discord can only be killed by being normal aka not being discord. Basically only discord can unmake himself.
AWWWWWEESOOOMMME!!!!
The fight animation is so great ❤ the switches could not be more on point than that.
FINALLLLLYYYYYY COLE VS ALEX!! I’ve been asking for this for over a decade
i thought this gonna be a draw really.
So he saw the show and how Bill was defeated. Why didn't Discord, like, change his outline to unicorn hair or something to no-sell the spirit-death? Or does the hair-shield not block that? I haven't watched Gravity Falls in-full yet.
How I see it: Alex Hirsch vs. John de Lancie
Alright Alex you win Now get out of my YouTube Feed
My bread a.k.a. money is a little Billy
There's just one thing I'm wondering why never came into play >3>... Discord's power grows with chaos, right? While Bill's power is just as insane, there was no implication I remember that he 'gains' power from chaos, he just 'is' powerful. so wouldn't bill's every move have technically made him stronger? Doubly so with the 'soul fading from betraying chaos' bit, we can presume that chaotic madness would 'restore' his soul, even if not canonically demonstrated, they 'did' essentially demonstrate that him breaking out chaos again restores him.
BILL CIPHER + More powerful when weakened having annihilated cosmic beings and probability precognition + Can regenerate from all physical & some spiritual damage + More bloodthirsty especially against cosmic beings like Time Baby = Has equivalents or counters to most abilities - Complete spiritual erasure could kill him - Arrogance can get the best of him DISCORD + Physical regeneration makes him hard to kill + Far more creative with his abilities = Has equivalents or counters to most abilities - Less powerful when weakened - Lacks regeneration feats including soul regeneration beyond physical damage  - Could not debilitate Bill by draining his powers
That ending trurly shattered my heart. Bravo Deathbattle, you've really found a way to make this battles more emotional.
I love this episode cause it could've easily gone either way but in the end it makes sense why bill was the winner the feats work out and the explanation actually works quite well
Wooo lets gooo!!! tbh I thought the KO on him meant he lost which really confused me.
pretty sure this will get skipped over but, what the hell.  fairy tail makarov vs one piece whitebeard
I bummed that Discord lost. He really should take these things more seriously. Bill Cipher may be all powerful and dangerous. But Discord still cool looking and has a better sense of humor.
Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if Discord left a fax machine behind in Equestria with instructions for his friends to press the button. After which a Xerox copy of himself is printed thus allowing him to cheat death. Lost the match but won the world.
FINALLY! COLE MACGRATH VS ALEX MERCER
A benfy and cuphead reference in one sequence props
After a multi season losing streak I finally bet on a winning character! not that some fights weren't obvious before just that My fav's always lose. although this is one of the few were I kinda liked both anyway. but I cant get into MLP as much as I've tried.
OK, hol up. A gambling website, and a mental health assistant service, in the same vid...  ... bruh...  ...seriously?  Who TF gave that the go ahead?
Boy I’m sure this won’t piss off any My Little Pony fans whatsoever 😒  As 4 the next death battle knock on wood 4 Cole MacGrath
After Bill finishes his drum solo @14:20, the artist in the background sings "Let's make a deal, Bill." Bill then immediately powers up and starts firin' his lazah all over the place. Gotta love diegetic themes!
Did anybody catch at the end what it says backwards?
My friend and I tried to decipher the scrambled letters during Bill's section, and we figured out that VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS is "Eleven deez nutz hah!" using Atbash, but have had no luck figuring out A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG even if we use "eleven" or "11" as keys in different ciphers. Anyone else figure it out yet? (hi yes am nerd shhh)
I was om mushrooms when i saw this. My brain is done
Dude, the interference and glitching on Bill Cipher’s ‘real name’ character tab is amazing. I love this channel
BILL CIPHER VS DOCTOR STRANGE
Alex vs Cole. HERE WE FCKIN GO!!!!!
animation is beautiful, but I was unsure who won in the end for this one. Thought discord had bill rip his body apart
I think this is the first time death battle had made someone died a hero
Discord lost the battle but winned the war!🥲👍
So he won, but lost. Huh
Ok, so yes, but can we say Bill "Won" given that $#!7stain is back in that crap sack burned out home dimension of his? Wait.....I can't say $#!7stain?! Ok who's messing with MY reality? That aside, PHENOMENAL show of this one to all the cast and crew, brilliantly done. Also cannot wait for the next one given that match up makes my brain light up with joy!(Though....much as I hate to say it because playing as Alex and his successor was a grand joy for me, I'm betting on Cole.) LASTLY! I DO NOT OWN A GRAVITY FALLS CYPHER! Can someone PLEASE decode all the Bill gobbledy gook?! Lord and Lady I loathe that pyramid....
The sheer irony of this episode being sponsored by both DraftKings, an extremely predatory gambling service, and Betterhelp, is more powerful than either combatant.
Redrunner, Maple pony, Green Day parody, lots of fun background details in this one
If we want to go completely insane how about another DC vs Marvel with *The Darkest Knight* vs *Chaos King*.
bruh this channel is going down all i asked was for he-man vs super man but nope all you give are these horrible video's this is worthless you guys lost your spark
Plss Black Hat vs Bill Cipher
Bro bill cipher real name is Alex hirsch
This looked absolutely stunning, amazing episode!
But did Bill ACTUALLY win?  Discord did what he wanted. Bill is trapped yet again, and Fluttershy is safe.  Discord might have died, but I still feel like he won. 🤔
Now what would happen if the Mask fought Bill? Now who would win?
I want to see Inyuasha and Sesshomaru vs Dante and Virgil
i was waiting for alex vs cole match up.
I hope Death Battle has a contingency plan against Bill like Deadpool and Homelander.
Dang the animations were crazy
Hey death battle, you should do Peter Griffin Vs Homer Simpson battle to see you would win
Discord is a true hero saved the ponys
Can someone remove the unavailable videos
I hope the next character you bring into Death Battle is Morgana from Persona 5.
I legitimately thought Discord won, and that was just a spirit copy he made of himself.
Bruh that ending 👌🏾
Me before this fight : I don't have a dog in this fight.  Me after: D-... Discord 😢
I disagree with the winner in this battle. Discord, like Cosmos, is a being that is an embodiment of a concept. Cosmos implied that even if she was depowered she would not be able to die due to her existence being linked with said concept. This means that even if Discord had his powers stolen or sealed away, he can't be killed due to his existence being linked to the concept of chaos. The only way to get rid of Discord is for the concept of Chaos itself to be erased, which is completely opposite of Bill's motive. Bill cannot erase Chaos as it is a necessary concept for Weirdmageddon, and as such cannot kill Discord.
Huh that is surprising        Really thought Discord would win, with all the stuff in the comics and other stuff, maybe researchers missed something with Discord as there is a lot of stuff with him, don't know how true that was
10:36  NO MONEY MEANS NO ANIMATIONS
Bill Cipher may have won, but Discord got the last laugh. Respect to him.
First he win against sans from undertale and now he beat discord from My Little Pony’s.
I also like how when they go through the madness bubbles the world is still upside down
Anyone see bendy and the ink machine
I am not joking when I say when discord snapped his fingers a minute long ad popped up 😅
nice video!   RIP discord😭
How are Cole and Mercer just now getting a DB? Those games came out nearly 15 years ago
Was this the Discord that The Living Tombstones were talking about? 🤔
Can we get one with Talion from shadow of war
Yesssssssssssss Alex Mercer vs Cole macgrath
Bendy is in 14:54
This is the best video they have had in years
Ok, I thought it was Bill vs Discord... not Discord.
GOD, amazing death battle!!!
Discord lost the battle but won the war
Man, really surprised by this outcome.
Have you ever lied? Have you ever stolen? Have you ever looked at someone with lust? Have you ever not honored you mother/father? Have you ever coveted? We all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. So we stand condemned before His righteous laws. At its core, sin is rebellion against God. Our sin separates us from God, the creator and sustainer of life. Jesus said, “I am the way and the truth and the life” (John 14:6). God is known as the great “I AM.” Life is in God. So, when we sin and become separated from God, we become separated from true life. But God so loved the world that He sent His only Son in our likeness to live a sinless life and die in our place and then He rose from the grave three days later to heaven. He did this so that we could have free will to choose life or death, so that we could choose Him. Through His Son Jesus Christ you can have eternal life freely by God’s grace if you put your full faith in Him alone for your salvation. Then He washes your sins away and gives you a new heart to follow after Him. Tomorrow is not promised. I love you. Please choose life. God bless.
I want to cry.
This episode was dark, lots of satanic secret society reference
Discord losed the death battle but won the war... died with respect
The magnitude of these character was awesomely potrayed on this death battle. It was epic.
Alex Hirsch would be proud to see Bill Cipher win. That man truly created the Ultimate villain in all of Disney history.
Huh i mean it's kinda make sense bill invading Pony world...Bill weakness is unicorn hair
Doctor Manhattan vs Molecule Man would be a fantastic fight in this series.
Benimaru Shinmon vs Gojo Satoru
16:38 anyone notice the letter in front of fluttershy? Also I would like a short clip of the pony’s after this.
WANNA MAKE A DEAL?
Bro, please put luffy in a death battle 🙏🏾
i shouldnt have had that hash bowl XD
Now I wonder who would be The Lich from adventure time would fight against?
Despite losing, Discord is the only combatant to screw over the winner’s victory. Mad respect to Discord.
I was hoping discord would win but OMG THIS IS THE BEST DEATH BATTLE EPISODE EVER!!!
Never would I have thought those would occur….
Plastic man vs somebody lol
I saw hints of Bendy VS. Cuphead and Anne vs. Luz in the fight. Are you trying to tell us something, Death Battle?
I love these, they use multiple animations and art styles for things and have the characters fighting feel like how their actual fight would turn out. Best death battle imo
The animations were top notch (loved the puppet fight!)  Also, Discord sacrificing himself to save everyone, screwing over the victor, AND going out laughing? Bill may have beaten him, but in the end, Discord still won.
'Let me out or I'll eat your dreams!' That moment killed me lmaooo
Damn, this was good.
Definitely my favorite Death battle episode
Sadly, this was another predictable one, but I will give props for the way you introduced them and animated the fight.
got to say this is most creative and hilarious death battle episode.  Even though I kind've hate MLP.  But yeah the slap stick got me a lot.     Finally a bill cypher fight that's NOT made by THAT CONTENT FARM CHANNEL.
Is it just me… or a world of unicorns would just easily end him?
I've been binge playing infamous and prototype so seeing yall getting ready to have Cole and Alex face off actually just blew my mind.
29:25 Someone PLEASE reverse this part of the video, I'm so curious!!!
Why is this episode made with so much care and love?  I'm still happy that Bill won despite being sent back to his own dimension
Alastor vs bill cipher
It's amazing that Bill and Discord both win and lose at the same time in some way. One of the best episodes!
See a battle with discarded in Lord block cutting for the city of Billings
Fluttershy and Discord: “Best Friends” 😏
Even though Discord lost, he won by saving Equestria from Bill. Rest in Peace, Discord
“But none as silly as these two.”  Deadpool and Pinky Pie: Are we a joke to you?
first off I have to say, the animation was incredible! I was disappointed with the last battle, but I guess you guys were saving money for this one! it's always fun to see the chaotic things you can do to try and represent reality bending powers~ but I do disagree with the outcome...  I feel the dimensional scales were way off... bill cipher can barely destroy an universe, you used his statements as feats, while in truth he wasn't able to break free totally due the the weirdness field... he needed help and contracts to even go to another dimension!  discord on the other hand has way more multiversal feats, just by keeping up with the rest of the big hitters in the setting, so basically nothing bill can do would be able to hurt discord!  it's also hard to say bill cipher is truly incapable of dying or being erased, because he never faces a superior challenge in the show, in a degree of infinite above himself...  at the end of the day it's a being that couldn't go pass a natural occurring weirdness field, and was said to just be able to destroy an universe over time, and be a threat to the multiverse because with help he can travel to others and wreck the place... to a being that has shown no upper limits for his powers, and was capable of keeping up with other multiversal (and that is an infinite number of infinite time space continuums ) threats a lot of times before!   I guess you can make a case for "even being infinitely weaker, he can't be erased by discord, so he would eventually trick him and win!" a case of "character that is weaker winning for having hacks and win conditions"... but I sure as hell can't see a reason why his only losing condition would be the same "death" as in the original show... I feel a reality bender of a higher class than him could do to him what he did to time baby... maybe that could be argued to be "out of character for discord"  if not blood lusted... eh...
Can Bill really destroy souls though? Seems like the only evidence they gave of that was Bill shooting a hole through Dipper in the dream realm. A hole that a memory of Grunkle Stan was easily able to fix. Well, that and possessing people after making deals with them.   Still, it was an entertaining Death Battle.
Can't wait to see my boy Cole tear it up.
Sucks you got sponsored by the better help scam artists
The first Cipher was "I don't even like chicken wings" but I couldn't figure out the second one
Knowing you can't win outright and settling for trapping your opponent where they can't hurt those you care about even at the cost of your own life? Discord may have lost the battle but he won the war.
After growing up with both of these shows this is the best and funniest video I have seen all year
best fight so far
This fight set up was spectacular! Holy crap!
10:34 OOOOOHHHH!!! 😨😨😨I swear I’ve never seen their voice actors in live-action until now!
Glad our boy BILL CYPHER won AND went out in true Gravity Falls style 😎👍👍  ALSO…..  Mathew Broderick Godzilla Vs Jack Black King Kong  Goku Vs Superfriends Superman(Dragonball Vs Superfriends) Starfire or Supergirl/Powergirl Vs Captain Marvel - Battle of the cosmic warriors Wasp Vs Bumblebee DBX- battle of FEMALE shrinkers Galactus Vs Unicron - battle of galactic giants  Black Cat Vs Catwoman - battle of catsuit clad babes  Wonder Woman Vs Captain America - battle of star-spangled heroes The Mask Vs Beetlejuice - battle of the body morphers Power Rangers Vs Voltron 2 - give Power Rangers a better Megazord Power Rangers Vs Sailor Moon Power Rangers Vs V Force Indiana Jones Vs Lara Croft - artifact finder Vs tomb raider Scarecrow Vs Mysterio - Illusion battle Alucard(Hellsing) Vs Alucard(Dracula) Gremlins Vs Critters Mr Fantastic Vs Plastic Man Beerus or Broly(DBZ version) Vs Superman(DB VS DC) Alucard(Hellsing) Vs Dante(Devil May Cry) Hawkman Vs Birdman (DC VS Hanna Barbera) Ichigo Vs Yusuke (Bleach Vs YYH) The Tick Vs Freakazoid(FOX Kids Vs Kids WB) The Tick Vs Rhino(FOX Kids Vs Marvel) Jenny/XJ9 VS Spinnel(Teenage Robot Vs Steven Universe) Bobert Vs Robot Boy (Amazing World of Gumball Vs Robot Boy) Power Rangers Vs Ronin Warriors
Denji vs ash (chainsaw man vs evil dead)
Jesus  bill cypher insanely op
That was amazing!
Discord’s laugh at the end always gives me chills, even though he technically lost he also technically got the last laugh! He damn well went out like a champ!
Eldritch god VS eldritch god
For a second I thought this was going to be a tie when i saw that ending. Bro died, but managed to trap him.
I literally just noticed bill and discord insulting each other in the text of the analysis. Hysterical!
Is it lost on nobody else the irony of the video sponsors is Draft Kings (gambling) and BetterHelp (mental health advocates)?
That ending was heartbreaking braking especially when fluttershy said discord in such a sad way and the animation was amazing good job animators and voice actors hope we get more death battles like this soon and hopefully some more my little pony Mach ups in future
Bill versus SpongeBob
😑😁😆🤣😂😆🤣😂😆🤣😂😆🤣😂😆🤣😂🥲😎🥸🤡👾👻👿💞🪬🎭🎰🫠 I think this is the one Death Battle I've laughed the most out of all the episodes with Gag characters, or Toons, or tricksters that screw with everything. Overall, this is not only amazingly animated in multiple dimensions & styles, But both opponents were in-character when they were facing eachother & Us! That's actually both refreshing and respectful which made the ending All the more fitting and I can't be more thankful than that: "Even when we have the Victor ,the Loser gets the Last Laugh!" Now I glad you guys brought your A- GAME to finally ended this reality warping rivalry that's been going on almost as long as Goku versus Superman. So with this we can finally put the versus of these 2 to the Curtains 🌝🌚🪬🎭🎈🪙  - Sincerely from a Fan: TIANO C-G
Finally! Some Infamous love!
I figured  he'd  win he was way more cold blooded .
Maybe in another life, they could have been friends.
I was right. This episode is the most chaotic of all Death Battles episodes in EXISTENCE!!!!!!!!
Me who wanted Bill too win:  Minute 16:36  "Well,it was worth a try." 40 seconds before death (what happened during those 40 seconds  Me silent af
This raises a question though, who got the real victory? The one who destroyed the other or the one who got the outcome they wanted? I think this Deathbattle created a paradox.... Which is somehow fitting.
Mad respect to Discord fr fr
Discord was the real winner here
Why death battle why do you have to make Bill Cipher win I bet it all on Discord and now my day is ruined😢
Alex vs Cole  I knew this day would come.
I'm not crying you're crying. 😭
I think it's safe to say that Discord knew the whole time what he was doing and while he ultimately would have liked to finish Bill off, he also knew that he had to at least trap him first. This was one of those "victory by technicality" things because it is a fight to the death, but Bill's not pleased with winning.
Only in a chaotic battle would you see the opponent rob the winner of a victory and still have the last laugh
Honestly, the biggest problem with this battle is that Discord would fit right in with Bill's friends.
Actually,after Bill said K.O. who said "Hey that's my line" Was it Discord?Or is it Wiz?It's not boomstick's voice.
I was hoping Bill would shuffle the functions of every hole and Discord's face. Also, I'd say the ending only delayed the inevitable since somebody will probably be dumb enough to make another deal with Bill.
I will make a deal with bill I dont care if it kills me
Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war
I really thought they managed to get Alex Hirsch to voice Bill, but nope It's a dude named John Patneaude, never heard of em but he's really good
Oh that ending of the battle hit hard 😢
I loved the episode, had a good idea Bill would win but I thought discord would have a chance if he used bills weakness which was unicorn. Discord is literally from my little pony and claims he watched Gravity show. So I hoped something would of happened with him using that to his advantage. But yeah anyways loved the video will definitely watch again.
It’s worth noting that Bill Cipher technically didn’t even die at the end of Gravity Falls. He’s just no longer our problem.     …yet.
“But none as silly as these two Apocalyptic Goofballs!”  The Mask, Pinkie Pie, Deadpool, Luffy, etc: Am I a joke to you?
NO WAY I THOUGHT THIS WAS A FAN TRAILER
Literally my favorate db to date
Hey can you do Black Dynamite vs Bruce Leroy
Well the ending teaser is interesting
Eh I like discord better
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this episode as my new #1 favorite for Season 10, Bill vs. Discord totally brought the house down and the fight was so glorious and good and priceless!!!! I also love Discord going over the 4th Wall with Boomstick & Wiz, man I love it when that happens and I absolutely would love to see more Discord doing that every time in certain episodes of Death Battle because that was good lol!!!   Also, OMG, I'm still can't over the part from my last prediction saying Bill wins, Hands Down, but I end up choosing Discord to win because Bill was turning the ponies into his statues even took down The My Little Pony team (OMG that was so low of Bill) and I was hoping Discord will defeat Bill, but omg, my prediction was actually right- Bill STILL ended up winning, wow, I'm totally baffled (Also so laughingly mad that Bill won the match), but still good game, GG!!!! Literally love this episode!!!
Ugggg why did anothrr mlp character have to lose. WHY!
Birdgirl vs batgirl
Make another animation
I love these type match up, Death Battle can really do some wacky stuff
14:51 epic Kool aid man cameo
Bloody bunny vs hank
Discord was well prepared since the beginning! He wrote the letter as a goodbye note to Fluttershy and everypony once he managed to get Bill out of Equestria and back to his own realm.   The dude was so carefree and silly that someone with a huge ego like Bill Cypher couldn't pick up on what happened around him! Discord has my respect!  Besides, I highly doubt he's dead. He'll be back. He always does.
Let's be real here. Discord may have lost, but he saved all his friends and sealed Bill back, bro lost the fight but totally won the war
RIP To Discord! You Died A Hero!
Death battle here my pleeee we need luffy vs Naruto please make it and settle this argument for once and for alll
People are saying Discord was the real winner, while I find it funny that Bill considers not being able to kill all his friends along with him a loss. He knows he’ll get out eventually
I think Discord should win because he conquered his world not once, but twice.
I am a MASSIVE Discord simp but I also love seeing him get beat up so I'm fine with this
Infamous vs Prototype… That’s like every OG PlayStation fans dream (Ik prototype isn’t exclusive to PlayStation but it was on there and infamous is a ps exclusive classic)
14:54 - 14:55, I JUST SAW BENDY THE DANCING DEMON FROM JOEY DREW STUDIOS!
I wish Sheogorath could make a small appearence here, just to double the fun....
Alex Hirsch would be proud to see Bill Cipher win. That man truly created the Ultimate villain in all of Disney history.
a nice chaotic finish,     also got money in cole for the next one
This fight was chaos incarnate! Also, props to Discord for still being able to bring back his friends even though he lost.
@deathbattle Lowkey disappointed you guys didn't mention the super cool fact that Discord was heavily inspired by Q , from Star Trek: Next Generation, who is basically the same being but even more so. Q vs Bill would've been pretty cool actually.  Q once just reset the universe, like start to finish, just for lolz
I love the fact that Bill and Discord are arguing within the text of each other’s analyses
Qrow Brawnwin (RWBY) VS Joe the Condor (Gatchaman)
As far as I'm concerned, this was a stalemate, Bill may hqve "killed Discord" but discord didn't exactly lose
Bill won the battle but discord won all of our hearts
I like that in the other DB thumbnails, all the other fighters are in the background of it, while in this one, they are in the foreground, infront of the "vs"
Ive watched both shows, i figured bill was stronger but i did want discord to win. discord totally got the last laugh though lol
Idk about anyone else, but this is one of the best “loser wins” situations I’ve ever seen
Nothing is more hilarious than making your opponent snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.
Discord not fully dead soon as Kayla's coming around for a little bit longer just cause you just regenerate back his soul or get me a reincarnated
A the very least the latter charater reminds me of Star Trek franchise's entity and race Q.
You know what i realized after watching this. Discord lied. Bill Cipher didn't change at all. Yet Discord made it seem like he did. That makes fluttershy words hurt more. Because now I can really feel her expecting Discord just appearing and being goofy like he usually is.
His name is discord and he’s evil that’s all I need to say😂😂
Now we’ve gotta wait until Welcome Home is done. Wally is gonna be one hell of a fourth wall breaker, especially when he knows you’re there-
*ALL HAIL THE ALMIGHTY MAGICAL DORITO!*
I was almost disappointed but honestly how can I be? The visuals were stellar, the music was absolutely head bangingly good and in character, the explanations made sense, and ultimately...whilst I was rooting for Discord to win...he didn't really..."lose" technically. He lost the battle, but won the war, and that is enough for me, to even get that far against one of the strongest characters in animated fiction is extremely impressive and a small dub W for MLP in general. Good work as always guys.
Okay, as much as I hate to go with this. Only Discord could really kill Discord by becoming Accord as his spirit was only endangered because of denying his own nature. Bill's manipulation of souls was to damage/hurt them not to change the nature of that soul even if his soul. The two souls he's shown destroying were also Mables constructs within the dream realm and not souls.
Oh well beggars can’t be choosers
I find it weird that people still think that Discord doesn't consider the other ponies to be his friends—he does. Him considering Twilight his friend is literally what helped defeat Tirek. "Friends of a friend"... nah Discord, those are all your friends
Poor Discord was hoping for another win for MLP
As someone who believes Discord would win, good god am I glad Bill won THAT ENDING WAS SO COOL
This wasn't just a good death battle animation, this was just good animation, full stop. They did incredible work on this one!
One of the best episodes so far guys!!! Really nailed Bills character there. Man, remind me so much Gravity Falls this episode.
I expected bill to win although discord put up a good fight but he’s no match for a 4 trillion old demon who is capable of destroying universes
...Next battle is Mercer vs Cole?  ...Nice.
Wow. The whole team crushed this one. The animators, voice actors, composer, and whatever psychopath wrote the script for the battle deserve raises. This was perfectly trippy.
This has to be the best reality warpers fight I have ever seen in my life!!!
Nah, this might be one of if not the best animated and choreographed death battle of all time
SPOILER            Of course the dumb triangle guy won.  🙄   At least it was still better than the Martian Manhunter/Silver Surfer fight.  That one was effing disappointing regardless of the victor.  And now at least THIS fight won't be requested literally every 5 seconds anymore.  😑
Can you try the beheaded vs chara?
Can't wait to see what they have installed for Alex vs Cole. And by that, I mean they'll probably mess up Alex's powerscaling. Maybe even Cole but will lean towards Cole's victory more. Who knows, only time will tell
He may have lost the battle, but Discord won the war
Did they really equate magic nullification to magic absorption at the end for the explanation???like genuine question  Cuz if they did.... that's stupid and very much not the same thing
I feel like the team had alot of fun making this episode. Definitely top 3 for me
Like discord got the final win in the end but the fact that bill just rages calms down then hits us with a sick wallpaper photo and hits a us a with a nasty line is gold. Honestly probably best death battle. Its up there with naruto vs ichigo and zoro vs erza
bro this next death battle is finally leaving the playground arguments and becoming a real death battle
19:24 Anyone know what the backwards speech is saying?
I love the emotional bit at the end. Even tho the fighter loses they still win something in the end Added a touch of satisfaction.
It was just as awesome as I had hoped.
19:24 “ Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram buy gold byeeee”
Discord is uninfected by unicorn hair, infact he could create a coat of unicorn hair and be protected from Bill
11:58 Really Discord, a reference to the time Wanda Maximoff lost it because of mutant genocide on Krakoa? (I still have to wonder how Magneto kept it together) Not funny, didn't laugh.
Also, Discord could've tried to kill Bill with his weakness.
logically if it wasnt a death battle discord would win
yeah i loved it but the outcome no discord should have won Bill cipher has rules to follow discord doesn't and discord is the embodiment of chaos itself bill isnt
what does the code say in bills intro?
Gotta feeling Bill is gonna be back here
14:54 hi bendy
Agreed.
Discord may have died, but he gave Bill a fate worse than death. Who's the winner here? 😁       The viewers honestly! Been waiting for this one since these two characters appeared in their respective shows.
CALLED IT!
I believe Discord foresaw that he was going to lose, and that's why he wrote that letter at the start of the fight that you can see in the portal at the end.   Probably copium but maybe he's still out there. You can't truly 𝘬𝘪𝘭𝘭 chaos, after all.
a very even battle that it really seems that there wasnt even a looser
Honestly, I do NOT care about who won this fight, I do like the way Discord pretty much/practically sacrificed himself and trapped Bill in his own dimension just so he'd protect everyone he knows and cares about, Or At least for a while. This does indeed in fact shows that Bill may have won, but at a cost.                             Istg if I get even *_One_* comment saying  "oH bU bU bU bUt DiScOrD sHoULd hAeV wOn bRo!!!!!!?!//(+;?!$###$@;!!!!0841!!!236800732468975477!!!!"  I AM GOING TO-
Fluttershy calling out for discord I can't 😭
Discord fan here 😎
Discord really showed Bill up, even in defeat. For all his boasting of being an all-seeing god, he didn't even realise he was back in the Nightmare Dimension until Discord broke the illusion.
am i the only dumb one here who touched the screen, when bill offered you a deal. please don't let me be the only one.
GOATED episode easilly top 5
This should have been a three way fight between Bill, Discord and Mr. Myxlplyx
Seems Discord died but will return. While Bill cipher is sealed even win. Then Discord win?
Hehehehe, Faustian. I get it!
Bill won the fight, but Discord won the war.  Great episode!
NEXT DEATH BATTLE GONNA BE SICK!!!
"Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. BUY GOLD! BUUUUUUY!!!" ~Bill Cipher (the reversed speech at the end)
This must be DB's best season in a long while
This is dope bro 🔥🔥🔥
Discord loss the battle but won the war
You telling me, that nothing in the my little pony universe can defeat bill... whose only weakness is, say it with me "unicorn hair" 🙄 this was so f-ing dumb
Even though bill "won" he still lost. I love it.
Wanna know something funny? As soon as Bill yelled "LET ME OUT OR I'LL EAT YOUR DREAMS!" my phone went off and started playing music from one of my games. Literally as soon as he yelled it.
I like make fight discord to cease up! so bill cipher is been removed memory it history pony equestria...
Bill won the fight but at least not the war. He won, but he's trapped. So stalemate I can say.
Where is the luz vs anne easter egg
Great fight but honestly, I feel bad for Discord I was rooting for Bill but now  I wish discord won Great ending though probably of my favorite fight out of this season
Wait, Boomstick had a kid? What’s her name, Peashooter?
i need that song that played durin the fight. I NEED IT MORE THAN AIR.
This might just be the best Death Battle ever produced. The budget was INSANE!
Just as of Lately, Can't Even be Mad cuz the Ending Just Makes it all Perfect. Bill Won the Fight, But Lost the War.
Titan cameramam vs Pacific rim
I figured this was how the battle would go, but still hurts to see it.
I think I found my new favorite death battle.
Can you make a death battle with bill cipher vs omni man or saitama vs omni man
this is 1 of the stupidest match ups i've seen. please don't do match ups like that again
No body make unfunny to my little pony friendship is magic.
In the Death Battle alone, Bill won. But, in the grand scheme of the conflict between them, Discord was the victor, sealing Bill away from Equestria forever. Massive respect
List for DB IDEAS: 1. Grim Vs Hades (Billy & Mandy Vs Hercules) 2. Jenny Wakeman Vs Blue Beetle! (My life as a Teenagerobot Vs DC) 3. Bugs Bunny Vs Woody Woodpecker (Warner.bros Vs Universal Studios) 4. Queen Chrysalis Vs Pythor P. Chumsworth (My little Pony:Fim Vs Lego Ninjago:MOS) 5. Ty-Rux Vs Grimmlock (Dinotrux Vs Transformers) 6. Team Rocket’s Meowth Vs Pink Panther (Pokémon Vs Pink Panther) 7. Bill Cipher Vs Uncle Grandpa! (Gravity Falls Vs Uncle Grandpa) 8. Lapis Lazuli Vs Nya (Steven Universe Vs Lego Ninjago) and 9. Apple Jack Vs Sandy Cheeks (My Little Pony:FIM Vs SpongeBob)
That just got me an idea, Bill Cipher Vs Glossaryck   Bill Cipher: Gravity Falls   Glossaryck: Star Vs The Force Of Evil
Honestly thought discord was gonna take the cake after the whole turning the page on his own book thing. Oh well.
I am expecting sooooooooo many fanfics based on this fight
Funny u guys didnt take into Tracers attitude in Scout vs Tracer
Holy balls! Cole McGrath vs. Alex Mercer?!?! The Patron Saint of New Marais vs. The Prototype. I can't wait to see this one go down!
even when bill wins. he still loses.
This episode was so f-ed up it was amazing in the fight and analyses and the best animated fight so far in my opinion with all the mixed realitys.
I got to say. I love the random ad for voting that showed up right when discord snaps his fingers
Discord sacrificing himself. A tale as old as time.
I've been waiting for Alex and Cole ever since the trailer for this season dropped!
So u telling me if its tied then the more determined character is the winner
19:25 Soo…anyone able to translate this bit? I’m assuming it’s backwards speak and all, but I don’t exactly know how to grab that and reverse it, or a program to do so
Discord would smoke bills pack what is this 💀 did you not read the comics. his fight vs Cosmos  debunks literally all your reasoning for this win😭
FINALLY I've wanted to see Alex Mercer n a death battle forever. Mercer let's get this dub.
Cole mcgrath vs Alex mercer lets goooo
This death battle was insane! At first, I thought Discord won, but now I realize he sacrificed himself to banish Bill from Equestria, mirroring what Stan did in the show. Great job guys.
Y'know judging by that laugh, for a second, I thought Discord won by trapping Bill and then disappearing back home
Note: Discord regenerated his spirit using chaos in the same episode the death battle people used to kill him. He nearly died from a loss of chaos, but actually got brighter WITH chaos.  Discord screwed over Bill and saved his friends, which was his initial goal. Plus, seeing as Discord is the literal concept of chaos, he will come back.   Discord won in spirit, and Bill achieved nothing except for temporarily getting him out of the way.  And, technically, Discord actually kinda suicided? He exploded and there was the KO, but did he actually die?
10:38  No! Not the 4th wall again
Called it
was this soundtrack made by our old friend ben?
We have finally reached the Tumblr Sexyman episode of Death Battle
Okay NGL, this Death Battle was hilarious! It almost felt like an abridged episode.
(A Nightmare on Elm Street vs Jeepers Creeper) A Halloween death battle please 🎃🍬🦇🕷🤩
Did this death battle just have the 2 strongest competitors on in the show’s history?
What a trade off. Bill is more powerful...but not as witty/smart when he's focused on winning. A very fair battle, loved it.
Discord and Fluttershy are married as of the epilogue
So anybody with a rewind function wanna tell us what bill said at the end their?
Dear princess celestia,   Today I learned a lesson I won’t soon forget:   NEVER UNDERESTIMATE A YELLOW DORITO!
Man...this Death Battle did not end the way I expected.   The person I expected to win came out on top, but not in the way I expected.
IM NOT KIDDING WHEN I SAY THIS MOMENT HURT MY GOD DAM HEART. WHY? 16:37
Zin: *Had arrived at pony world* ...What the blasted hell happened here?!
Y’know, although Bill won the death battle, I feel as if Discord won as well in the aspect of doing exactly what he said he would: teach Bill Cipher a lesson in friendship.   ‘Cause at the end of the day, only through his friendship with the ponies would Discord even learn what self-sacrifice for the greater good even is. His friends (and Equestria by extension) are now safe from Bill Cipher (for the time being) and that’s probably the only thing Discord even moderately cared about. If Bill knew what Discord would be willing to do for his friends, he probably wouldn’t have gotten ultimately fucked over in the end.
I did honestly think it would be a draw of sorts. Wow, awesome episode! I only knew Bill was incredibly busted.
this battle makes me want to watch the MLP show, not for the ponies,  but for discord......maybe fluttershy and discord...
love this episode, does both characters justice, showed Bill as an absolutely ruthless reality warping demon, but even in death, Discord still put Bill down a notch, with Bill exclaiming hes an "All-seeing god!" when he didnt even realize he was in his own home, therein proving to Bill he's not as godly or all-seeing as he likes to believe
Based that made bill win
mannnnnnnnnnnn!!!
Hay I got a great idea for a Halloween death battle episode Freddy Krueger 🆚 The Creeper
A suggestion for a match up Geralt of Riveria (The Witcher) vs Elias Ainsworth (The Ancient Magus Bride)
Him vs Haku (Power Puff Girls vs Samurai Jack)
Discord may have lost the fight, but he won the battle and undo Weirdmageddon.
I know discord died, but I think he's the real winner
Finally, the battle I’ve been waiting for since the day I saw Death at all  Cole Macgrath verse Alex Mercer        Personally I believe Cole will win but it’s death battle so will see what happens
Koji Kabuto from Mazinger Z vs shinji ikari from neon genesis evangelion
>Lives in a world where a 1/3rd of the major populace is unicorns >Doesn't use Unicorn Hair even once during the battle >Loses in some kind of grand self-sacrifice  Death Battle are you guys touched in the head or something? Why even bring up the Unicorn Hair???
Discord may have lost but he's sacrifice will be remembered, that and it's discord the dude will just come back as Q
NEXT TIME ON DEATH BATTLE
"Tell Jean Luc his show is worse than Code of Honor!" He had to go there.
I don't even know who wins  If it's discord then I think is because he trap and send back bill to where he belongs, I don't even know what bill was trying to do when he was running/flying to a portal, that part I'm so confused and lost    If it's bill then I guess is because he still managed to fight and grab discord spirit and crush him to death   But yeah idk who won.. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I can't believe this episode's script ending have discord sacrifice himself to trap bill in another dimension away from equestria,restoring it's harmony and saving his friends.What a hero.Discord may lost the 1 vs 1 to Bill Cipher,but his lost save everyone from Bill's chaotic conquest.And that's the true victory Plus, in our head canon he probably fake his death have bill think he destroy his soul,but he actually have transfer himself back to equestria,or even reform himself in equestria. What an episode.
I had a feeling this was how it would play out, but I didn't realize how close it would be.
This Death Battle is easily one of the best ever made, and if it's this good, I wonder what they'll have as this season's finale.
yujirooooo hannnnmannnnn
So Discord beat Bill mentally yet somehow Bill won despite being defeated?
After years still waiting for finn from adventure time to be added
I honestly didn't think there was a way Bill could win and in a way he couldn't. Discord still found a way to screw him over even in death. What a magnificent troll, defiant till the end.
10:34 Discord pulled a Chowder
Battle of cartoon chaos
Yo im so happy this is a death battle. It is so cool I used to watch both of these shows with my daughter, BOTH OF THESE SHOWS MEAN THE WORLD TO ME! I literally could not be more excited for this.
All I could think of was.... claptrap....
Cole is way too sacred too me then Alex Mercer im predicting Alex consumes him or something which would be terrifying considering how much i like Cole
The next battle needs to be INFINITE( sonic forces) vs the arch illager( minecraft dungeons) please 😮😮😮😮
I thought Wiz was Boomstick and Boomstick was Wiz....until this episode 😂
Idc ima make a deal with the dorito
the only thing i think discord needed to more, was bring out more unicorn hair. He has all the hair he could need from his show/could create. And yeah it wouldn't change the outcome but it sure would annoy the heck of of Cipher.
counter argument bill messed with figments of imagination while in some one else head, and the rule with discord is as long as things are chaotic he is alive, I'm just saying it would of been much more satisfying if it was some kind of god level stale mate of some kind.
16:32 Me: Bill may have won,but the real Winner is Discord! KO! 🌌📺🦄🏆😒😏
13:25  Fight
Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill! I cannot continue the parody. But I am happy he won.
Imo this was probably the best death battle ever.
Technically a tie sense discord can live on as a spirit and bill can’t die and he had the last laugh
Does anybody know how to decipher the text that Bill Leaves in his feat sections? I tried both Caeser and Abtash like in the show , but neither of those seem to work. I even tried combining them and still nothing.  Did DB leave some sort of Cypher key hidden somewhere that supposed to be used?
7:34 😂
Someone who's a member should suggest geko moria vs shikimaru
DB IDEA: Princess Luna Vs Lord Garmadon!🌌📺🌑🦄Vs 🥷🖤(My Little Pony:FIM Vs Lego Ninjago:MOS)
INFAMOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Imagine if Deadpool was a part of this.
Discord might have died but he managed to mess with Bill by trapping him in his home dimension and saving the ponies. Discord is the TRUE winner here
BEST DEATH BATTLE EVER!
C’mon!!!! When we are gonna have Constantine in Death Battle ?
Discord is Pinkie Pie's final form.
But, uh, Discord comes from Unicorn land
13:28 Death Battle starts here
I'm gonna be honest. Discord'll win because he has access to tons of Unicorn Hair, not to mention he can kick Billy-Boi from the call, and even Ban him.
couldn't Discord have the unicorn hair that was probably all over his universe to just stop Cypher or am I reading too much into that?
So well worth the wait!  After watching the beginning analysis of their abilities, I agree that Bill is a little stronger.  But the way this was done is perfect and my heart has now shattered into a billion pieces
Infamous vs Prototype? At last hahahah only seen that in edited music vids
One of the few episodes to have ending that satisfies both fandoms
"You are not qualified to work with the fourth wall" -Discord one of the best quotes I have EVER heard
Redo darth Vader vs obito you shitholes
Jenny wake man vs metal sonic
Discord will just pull out his moderators and ban Bill from the chat
Can we get someone to analyze that backwards speech? I wanna make sure Bill Cypher isn't coming back this time. Lol
this is a great death battle one of the better recent ones
It took 10 years for Death Battle to finally setup a match between Cole and Alex
I really want to see a death battle between Baki Hanma vs Kenichi from kenichi the mightiest disciple
The death battle I’ve been waiting years for: ALEX MERCER VS COLE MACGRATH LESSSGOOOOOO
i actually played what bill said in the end in reverse and he said "reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram bye gold bye
Don’t worry guys, Discord isn’t really dead. He keeps a second version of himself in Fluttershy’s closet.   According to the card game at least.
PEAK EPISODE!
Well he knew from the start that he wasnt going to win so he made everything he could to save his own dimesion since even if he was a force of chaos HE WAS A FORCE OF NATURE while bill is a homocidal sociopath with the same powers as discord but since discord was weaking himself by saving everyone he left a note to his friend and you can hear an see that she rode the note and was sad trying to call for him. but well in my mind discord had the more meaningfull victory while bill have to relive his nightmare of being trap
Two easter eggs I saw:  14:50 Kool Aid Man vs El Macho 14:53 Bendy Flower & CupHead
Even though the man lost he still got the last laugh
Spoilers         I saw a comment from this guy before the premier talking about how sure that all the talking dorito fans are gonna be pissed once they find out how powerful Discord really was and it got a few hundred likes. Once I saw the ending I went back to find it but they deleted it lol.
14:26 Me: See the background…Starlight Glimmer!!???🌌📺🦄⭐️
Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill!
so biggest question did you actually XD get The voice actor for discord aka Q from startrek?
Discord lost, but he sacrificed himself so MLP universe would not be endangered by Bill Cipher. He did it for Fluttershy.
When do we get a Whiz vs Rick Sanchez?
Fair
Discord didn't lose out of weakness. He lost for the sake of distracting his mind long enough to send his body back into the nightmare realm. A true hero.
This is one of the best episodes.
I thought for a moment that the ending would come down to who could rewrite the script of the episode more consistently. You know it's entirely possible that both of them tried to do just that.
We all knew who would win
I can't believe every time I pick someone that someone lose. So here is what going to do... I'm going to pick Cole. But my heart is with Alex.
Bill did a lot better than I thought he would. Though I was rooting for him, I thought he’d be smashed like a grape
DC Mister Mxyzptlk vs Marvel - The Beyonder next ?
John Palneaude did an amazing job as Bill Cypher.  I don't know why, but anytime I see Bill Cypher, it's like seeing an old (insane) friend.
2:55 to 2:57 - Discount Wilhelm Scream
Posting before the video, I'm going Discord all the way because of the VA. I mean, when you play Q in Star Trek, you get to be Q in the Pony world as well 🦄
19:25 (In reverse) "Reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram buy gold bye" A perfect reference in the best way possible!
Spoiler          Ok got to give the animantion of this episode was really great also loved that even though technacly Bill won it was a tie in the end.
14:52 among us reference.
He weak to Unicorn Hair? In the wise words of Coconut-Boy (Or Theo, if you prefer.) from Meta Runner: "Oh He Ded,"
I've been waiting for this type of battle for a long time. I like how Discord may not win physically but he definitely win mentally.
14:52 Bill Transformed Into an Among us Imposter
16:44 15:14 15:26 16:10 1:29 3:20 13:27 14:32 19:20
A pesar de que no estoy ni un poquito de acuerdo con el resultado, esto fué muy disfrutable
How about lupin lll vs White spy from mad comics🎉
Fantastic episode, it was like watching the real deal.
I would have done bill cypher vs mr mxyzptlk
Némesis vs piramyd head
Two suggestions for new videos:  -Lilith and her demons vs. Queen of Blades and the Zerg (Diablo IV vs StarCraft)  -The Night King vs The Witch King (GoT vs LOTR)  Who’s with me?!
I found three secret messages, one of which was in the description.  A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG Key: SEPHIROTH Message: I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHICKEN WINGS  VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS Key: Atbash Cipher Message: ELEVEN DEEZ NUTS HAH  Jpavhoj Fskypld DLPYKSF JOHVAPJ Key: ??? Message: WEIRDLY CHAOTIC  I don't know the message or the key for the last two messages, but this seems to tell us that a future Death Battle will feature Sephiroth. I tried using the likely matchups, Vergil and the Mario Bros, but to no avail. What do you think?  EDIT: I figured out the rest, thanks to the Death Battle Wiki! So, the first cipher isn't actually a prediction. It's a reference to the Sephiroth vs Bill Cipher episode of Crossover Coliseum. The second message is decoded with the atbash cipher, and references how Bill Cipher was given a power ranking of 11D. I had trouble decoding the third message, because it's actually in _reverse!_ It too is decoded with a vignere cipher, but the wiki doesn't actually tell me what the key is. Let's find out together, shall we? ... It's H. The key is H. Well, I guess that's my fault for looking too deeply into things.
I've never seen 😐 Gravity Falls 😳 or My Little Pony but 😅maybe I should start 🤔 watching 👀 both shows 🤔 right about now 🎉❤
14:55  -  Bendy spotted.
Bill might have won but discord is the people's champion
Still a win for Discord, as far as I'm concerned.
Best part about this fight is how pathetic discord made bill look because one of them has infinite lives ( discord) so it more or less felt like discord was treating bill like a joke why should he take him seriously or try to kill him when he can just fix all the damage and put bill back in his Cage so he lost but did he really through discord was just playing along and having fun at least that's how I interpreted the battle.
There are two things I would contest is- First where was the Unicorn hair barrier said to drain magic? Because that is the only evidence that Bill would be immune to that approach, one that has taken out Discord before. Second I feel like they conflated mental and spiritual effects- Bill is shown hurting Dipper when he was in Stan's mind, but as soon as they knew it was possible Dipper, Mabel and Suz did things like shoot lasers and turn their hands into kittens, I am not sure anything happening there counts for spiritual damage- In fact due to Bill being "the Dream demon" I would say he is more vulnerable to damage in such scenarios then the other people- Stan recovered from his mind being erased, Bill has yet too.  But if you go by the interpretation they did, Bill wining is the most likely outcome, he wouldn't hold back and with them ruling out basically all but one way for him to lose, and ruling that he can kill ghosts, bill wins.  I like that they had Discord still save everyone, great job you patwork pal.
No shot the Tumblr Sexyman competition got referenced XD
I want a remake to Dr. Wily vs. Dr. Eggman, that was one of THE best old Death Battle vids.
Never expected i would hear boomstick say "fluttershy is best pony"
SPOILER'S AHEAD.                                        Man, Bill Cypher may have won the battle, but Discord won the WAR. The most chaotic being in the animated universe, gave us the most noble sacrifice.
My heart is warmed by the continued relevance of these two shows
Bill: reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram buy gold bye
Discord may have lost the battle but he won the war against Bill
Also i thought Discord won by escaping to his world but dam
Can we get Roxas vs Shulk
Can someone please tell me what he said at the end
As someone who doesn't really know much about either of these fandoms, I wasn't particularly excited about this DeathBattle. Behold my surprise when, after watching this, I think this might be one of the best episodes of the season, and maybe the series as a whole. Well done.
Whens the Sauron vs Ganon Coming out?!!?
I was rooting for Discord, but still, I liked this episode.
i wish you wouldn't work with draft kings 😢
This is easily in my top 10 all time death battles. Not on the level of Popeye vs Saitama but damn it came close.
That was the greatest episode I've seen. Well done!
Gotta love it when you can lose but still win. Well done, Discord.
Bloodlust is a new calculation. If bloodlust is part of the equation then some other fights would go differently
not gonna lie i thought bill lost and that discord just left, but that was a great combat between essentially two nigh all powerful beings
This animator They so good
Day who cares. Just please include Mazinger z in one of your death battles
Do bill vs sonic exe
I'm just waiting for Dr. Manhattan vs Akira
So wait Pinky Pie vs Deadpool was a draw but, this wasn't? Oh and I hope Chad actually remembers this fourth wall break that he was clearly a part of. This wasn't a Death Battle Podcast situation where it would be hard to tell if he was actually in on the joke.
The music is AMAZING! You sure don’t miss these things
Discord may have lost the fight, but at least Bill Cipher is trapped where he belongs.
Discord is from a world that has unicorn how hard would it be for him to put him in a unicorn hair jail ? Also discord would get stronger because of the chaos of the battle
Heihachi from tekken vs Yujiro Hanma from Baki. I write it everytime xD
Like the previous death battle my heart is confused and my brain is in a knot cause I feel like discord could win with his 4 wall breaking but the mainthing I thought was that discord is the embodiment of chaos and the more there is the stronger he should get and the amount of chaos is near infinite so win rate 4 discord is 49%
I wanna see Alex mercer vs venom
Love how Bill says checkers then its chess but he says go fish. Also Discord was holding dnd dice lol
Discord you always gain my respect XD
Bill might've won the DB but it was Discord who had the last laugh in the end
Bill won the battle but discord won the war.
Cole mcgrath vs alex mercer. Man its 15 years too late
16:45 discord has the best scream ever
Bill vs Black hat is something I have to see. Since everyone is so divided on who would win.
one of the best fights in Death Battle tbh
lost this one sadly, but HEY, my man Mercer coming up finally! time to kick some infamous ass  (played both games, loved them both but PROTOTYPE RULES)
👍🛕❤️ si amoniaco que son
Discord might have lost but he went out like a boss.
imagine rick randomly showing up 😅
Bill may have won the battle but not the war.
I love this Death Battle Episode. Even got an indestructible Death Battle tee out of it. All I had to do was talk to a guy who looks like a pyramid.
The true redemption of discord 😂 great show
Up!
the animation was awesome.  cole is so fucked...
This is my favorite episode of the season and isn't even close.
Do Kratos vs doom guy
Honestly, this is one of the best death battles you've done! Great animation, solid music, strong characters, and an engaging and dynamic battle! So excited to see two of my fav characters battling it out.
La batalla más épica, frenética y bizarra de la historia 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Amazing battle.
This was probably one of my favorite Death Battles!
I actually thought Discord won by trapping Bill 😅😂
Ew, sponsored by a gambling app
This is def going in the top 10 death battles of all time. Even if you disagree with the winner the effort put into this is godly.
Sora vs kratos!
Anyone care to take a stab at what the reverse message at the end form bill there was?
Chad discord moment
10:50 Bender.
Not sure what the OST playing in the background of Discords description my but word is it a banger
Just echoing the others,  Bill technically won (Discord died*), Discord actually won (got what he wanted and denied Bill what he actually wanted)  *Let's be real, I don't think Discord or Bill can actually die unless they want to.
Inconstistancy as usual. The Unicorn hair NULIFIES magic not drain it. So the Bewitching Bell would actually have an effect on Bill. So I think discord should have won this.  Edit: Also the "weakness" of Discord: Full erasure. Is the exact same weakness as Bill, reason being. Bill will be REBORN at a later time, meaning he is actually dead.
And looks like bill was taking the soul of the win!
The voice actors for bill and discord were really top-notch.
I had a feeling Bill was gonna win, but if he were to come back....I know EXACTLY who he has to fight. Who that character is? Well, he is certain little imp from the 5th Dimension, with a little purple hat, and who is voiced by a certain jewish comedian. You know the one
This episode had so much effort, a holy prize for everyone
I want Bill cipher battling somebody else
make a death battle with Mecha sonic from super Mario Bros Z
RIP discord we went out with a smile on his face
Please do kang vs boostar gold next
The Dorito man got outsmarted but Discord shown him his all but Bill show him a Dorito God can do
I think that discord was the real winner, despite dying. he trapped bill in the nightmare dimension. same sort of thing happened withchosen undead versus dragonborn. the dragonborn may have won the fight, but with the flame snuffed out, everything ended.
Got to give props to Discord for doing what he did.   (Don't want to spoil it.)
Cole McGravely, and the Human spaghetti monster are finally actually gonna duke it out? Cool.
Can’t wait to see if bill has what it takes to fight The Mask.
BILL SOLOS GRAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Honestly, the first time I watched, i thought it was a draw, that discord telaporated away just in time.
Bill may have won the fight, but Discord got the REAL victory here. rest in piece you glorious mix-and-match dragon.
did discord js say  "no more mutants"
13:26 when the battle starts
Anyone know what he said in reverse at the end? I'm too curious
this doesn't feel real
Similar enough to be entertaining but discord was defeated by being turned to stone once, then it just came down to bill destroying discords soul which is one of his specialties
Very disappointed that you’re advertising gambling
Can you do perry the platypus vs tails
I guess dimentio vs bill cipher is more debatable now (still the fact that dimentio can't die as long as the chaos heart is there is wild)
This was fantastic, the puppets had me rolling with laughter!
Bill might have won the battle, but Discord won the war. As long as his pony friends were safe, he considered it a victory.  P. S. Fluttershy is my favorite too.
I'll be honest, it took me a good while to get the "Aw geez" joke.
in terms of the results they just seem really biased to me. Like discord has literally shown regeneration to a much higher extent than bill, literally being able to completely regenerate his soul just because someone was acting slightly chaotic near him. Also in terms of power discord should easily take it because he has statements that show he can literally destroy the infinite multiverse with ease, while bill's best statement is just being a threat to it. Also bill has been shown to not be able to get past unicorn hair, and discord is literally part unicorn + if he has watched the show like they said he did, he would just turn himself into a unicorn fully to completely counter bill. Overall it just seemed like they really wanted bill to win so discord could sacrifice himself for a more emotional ending
I'd Say It's a Draw, While Sure, Discord Died, It was more of Him Sacrificing himself for his Friend Fluttershy and All of Equestria, and that was By Banishing Bill back to where he Came From, Saving the Ponies but losing his Life in the process, Causing Bill to try and come back in another reality, Hence why I think it's a Draw
The soundtrack for this is fire
Wiz doesn't know what quantum superposition is lol. If Bill is in a quantum superposition. He is not in two states at once. Lol it means he's in one state with multiple properties. As a scientist you should know this.
Ok but there’s no way Alex Mercer loses to Cole MacGrath
Yeah i dont buy that explanation for bills win for a second ignoring half of what was established about discord especially him being empowered by outside chaos (an argument in the vicinity of his statue was enough to free him and fluttershy making her house chaotic was enough to stop him from fading away into nothing, bill's chaos would have powered him like a battery) to set up bills win, and more ruthless yes but do they even remember how discord reacted to fluttershy being taken by the changelings?... anything done to her enrages him to the max... if queen chrysalis didnt have a magic resistant throne and he didnt have a personality building journey with thorax and trixie he would of unleashed hell on her for that... and knowing exactly who bill is and the threat he causes he would of gone for the kill with bill to get rid of him ASAP, pun intended.
Have the winner fight Mr Myxlplyx
So the winner was the one that had experience, okay make sense
Easily my favorite DeathBattle so damn cool.
PROOOO
Another good matchup is Bill vs Aku
The note that discord wrote at the beginning of the fight, wasn't for celestia... it was for Fluttershy. His Goodbye note. I'm sad.
Hm, personally, i still would’ve preferred Discord vs Him.  However, i think this Match Up still turned out very well, I probably should’ve expected that the Voice Actors would’ve made an appearance in the Analysis, also I really like how they ended it with Discord’s Death being more of a Sacrifice, so that while Bill survived he still failed at what he tried to do which triggered this Fight in the first place, there by making the True Victor more up to debate.  Anyway, Cole vs Alex, already, huh? I was thinking that the two Poll Match-ups would happen a little more apart from each other, but i guess this is fine too.
This was amazing I’ve been waiting for it since before they went on their hiatus
i know who is gonna win
From the looks of it, Discord actually won.  Bill is trapped once again at his sacrifice, so while Discord may have died, Bill is out of the picture.
19:25 yea all these illusions, the universe is a hologram, bye gold bye
I'd call this one more of a draw, as Bill may have smashed Discord, but ended up trapped in his dimension again, plus I think that letter to the ponies may B a way back for the Draconian.
Does anyone see Bendy in the background in 14:54?
discord debio ganar
I knew he was going to lose but managed to stay in the spirit of MLP, and in character, he went for a sacrificial victory to save his friends. Ponies who he deemed worth sacrificing himself for.  He would have still done this even if knew he was going to lose, and that's why I love this guy.
This is the best
Early
Dang this was forshadowing what the plot of this battle will be 10:56
Tbh this was the best episode of death battle in history so far, was so damn whimsical
YESS!!! Alex MERCER VS Cole MAGRATH
Why would you do this to poor Cole
YES Bill Cipher won 😄
Damn, Discord and next is Cole MacGrath, two characters I've wanted to see on Death Battle for literal years and they're in a row, nice.
Although I kinda had no interest in these two fighting, I still watched due to the high quality given to the fights lol
Have to say this is different from the what if death battle outcome I read on the wiki, along with the Ant man vs The Atom.
This music kinda slaps.
Alex Mercer vs Cole Macgrath. My stocks are on Alex.
Having knowing almost nothing about either Bill and Discord, I still absolutely loved this episode. So chaotic and well done.
Even though I was rooting for Discord, I’m not upset on how this battle ended. Discord’s main goal was to save his friends, not to beat Bill. So even though he lost the battle, he accomplished his goal. That’s a W in my book
Discord ：do you think i didn't watch doctor strange vs doctor fate 。
Dude...I had to wait until they annonced the winner to figure who won. Great fight!😊
16:36 Discord’s face broke my heart.
Discord saved everyone from bill cipher did bill cipher may have eliminated discord bot. He saved everyone that he cared about discord you have got my heart.
I thought discord got more powerful from weirdness, and if bill unleashed weirdmageddon where the weirdness was so powerful it could erase every single reality, wouldn't that just... shoot up discords stats?
I like how Bill was beaten again because he failed to understand the idea of giving everything for the sake of others.  Discord didn't care about killing Bill. He cared about saving his friends. So while Bill technically won by the rules of Death Battle, Discord won in the long term. And since Discord exists as long as chaos does, he'll probably be back. So really, Bill lost outright.
This outcome heavily depended on which version of Discord they drew from. Because, if it were unreformed Discord, Cipher would have no real leverage. I’m convinced neither would budge and they’d battle for eternity. Because unreformed Discord and Cipher have two things in common, they care about nothing but chaos. “Are we to be two immortals locked in an epic battle until Judgment Day and trumpets sound?”
more like discord stopped him by being clever so Discord won not him
Queen chrysalis avenge Take that you Stupid draconiqist And I hope I said that, right Also have fun with bill
Honestly it’s been a while since I laughed with a character when they won. This was amazing
Wait, his name isn’t actually discord though is it?
damnit discord, you made an ad play. (when discord was chatting with the hosts).
I mean i always knew Bill would win but i absolutely loved hwinthis went and the whole idea of Bill having to re-destroy his original universe
This is by far one of the funniest death battles to date. Now I just need to work out what the codes are saying.
Lol watch the fight between Bill and God from the scp foundation, spoiler god wins
From the second I saw our lovable Lovecraftian Dorito, I KNEW he was going to win without a doubt!   LOVE THE LOVECRAFTIAN DORITO!
Despite losing, Discord is the only combatant to screw over the winner’s victory. Mad respect to Discord.
Due to the fact Discord will always eventually come back I’d probably say that just from a practical standpoint he would always eventually win unless Bill made the world Non-chaotic(going directly against his own nature) and even if he did Accord could theoretically come back instead. It’s just a question of how long.
I don’t care about the outcome, discord no diffed bill when he screwed him over at the end LMAO!
0:35 Bill Cipher 6:56 Discord  13:26 Death Battle I loved this death battle, but there are some things i have to announce since there was a lot of misconception in this one, and give some pointers. 17:30 Yes the unicorn hair was not able to drain the power of bill, but the bell is able to drain the power of any magical or power source being, like discord himself, chaos and all, making the bell far above any magical hair or spell in Gravity falls, since the magic hair of a unicorn could stop bill's attacks against them, the bell is well over the unicorn hair, being able to drain the power of things above unicorn magic.  17:56 in order too erase or even kill discord, would be to destroy chaos itself, or stop discord from being chaotic, since in the scene discord being erased, he was only fading out of existence because he was trying to not be so chaotic for *fluttershy*, and because of that he was basically killing himself. But he exists in the hearts of those who hold chaos, so he would just reappear from Bill's heart, due to bill being very chaotic, and since bill can die without disrupting the existence of chaos, that would mean bill would of been easier too kill then discord.  So in conclusion, discord would have won, and could have redone bill's death, just like how he died at the end of gravity falls, as said in the video 18:11 "Discord had all the tools to replicate something like that". Plus Bill was able to be held back (Attack wise) against unicorn hair that came from unicorns who couldn't even use magic, there for even a unicorn without magic can block his attacks, and though discord could be weakened by unicorns, it is only at times they are wielding a magical ancient artifact. and the only two the were able to affect discord were two of the strongest in existence, and even then it didn't last forever.  And said in 18:46 yes he is more care free well it comes to his past opponents, but that was mostly due to the fact he was betrayed by the ones he cared and trusted (like how he trusted tirek but was caught off guard because he trusted him).  Over all discord would have won this death battle (No hate for the death battle team)
Love that Bendy is in the fight at 14:53
Great video.
Okay what's Mickey Mouse vs Bugs Bunny. 😂
God damn it, MLP lost again. Are we ever going to get a win?
Isn’t it weird how bills weak to unicorn hair, goes to the dimension filled with them, and discord DOESN’T abuse that even in jest.   Ima just write that one down on overconfidence
Whoa Bill is Illuminati? And Discord should've went against Jafar instead but this was the best death battle in 2023
I just hate the fact that the character information and the product placement is longer than the actual fight
Alex Hirsch would be proud to see Bill Cipher win. That man truly created the Ultimate villain in all of Disney history.
Loved this episode, the animating and voice acting was phenomenal
One Punch Man vs Squirrel Girl.
Huh, this battle was really surprising. I did not expect Discord to put up such a good fight against Bill and even beat him in some respect.  I honestly had fun watching this battle, and the dialog was on-point for both characters.  This might just be my favorite Death Battle.
You know what’s actually really funny, one of the cards from the mlp tcg’s flavor text implies that discord did summon Bill one time because he thought they would have fun beating him up and now its my favorite head canon for why Bill is weak to unicorn hair
Much like the Lich King fighting Sauron Discord's own level of power was his undoing in this fight, Bill really wouldn't be giving it his all against an opponent as far beneath his level of power as the Pines Family and the citizens of Gravity Falls, but Discord was a legitimate threat that Bill was deadly serious in eliminating.
Boomstick saying Fluttershy is best pony soothes my 14 year old soul
I knew Bill was gonna win since he would need to literally be erased from existence entirely. They both have massive egos and look down on everyone but themselves which makes this an extremely interesting fight. I hope to see similar fights to this in the future.
I've been looking forward to this fight ever since it was announced last year and holy cow it's better than I thought. Definitely best of season (so far).
Yey prototype!
I'm guessing why Fluttershy was asking where Discord was because of the letter that was laying next to her. I bet the letter went something like this;  "Dear Fluttershy, if you are reading this then that means that Bill is no longer in Equestria. But if you are indeed reading this, that I am afraid that I am no longer there. And before you say anything, yes, I would like a parade in my honor and a day named after me. Hahaha! But on a serious note, I am sorry that I won't be able to attend out tea party this Friday. You have been and always will be my friend. Do take care of yourself and your friends. Your chaotic friend, Discord. P.S. Tell Twilight that I saved the day for once. Would gave loved it to rub it in her face for once."
Only death battle, a channel that creates violent battles between fictional characters can get sponsored by a therapy company 💀
*HUZZZZZAH!!!*
Discord was destroyed, but Bill lost in the end tbh
I knew the second that this fight was announced, it would come down to who’s more likely to give an opening
Anos Voldigoad vs Rimuru Tempest would be a sick death battle. Both demon kings both around the same power level and both characters. They are extremely overpowered in their own rights.
Forgot to say, that was clever foreshadowing of friendship causing him to be trapped again Not to mention, while Bill won the battle, he also kind of lost the war being back in the NR
10:34 When Discord snapped his fingers, an ad began to play. Bro is too powerful.
even is Bill landed the kill, Discord was the one got what he wanted and Bill can't take that away.
Discord straight up roasted Death Battle and Rooster Teeth's animation consistency. Respect.
This feels like a finally episode like holy damn
Knight Paldian Revenge Bill cipher  Knight paldian vs Bill cipher  Knight Paldian: Bill cipher you Me Fight Death Battle
You managed to give me an emotional connection to Discord, a character I didn't know from a show I really don't care for, and Fluttershy by extension.  Major props.  Also, I love how the past two episodes have been getting a bit more meta.  Martian Manhunter vs Silver Surfer addressed how out of character all this killing can be, and this one is the first episode where nobody entirely won or lost.  Discord lost the battle, but he succeeded in what he was trying to do.  Meanwhile, Bill won the battle, but is now stuck in his home dimension again.
Love this fight
Love that Discord got the last laugh
While we’re on the topic of Bill Cipher. If he comes back for another Death Battle, I think Aku vs Bill Cipher would be a pretty cool fight to see as well. Especially as a fight of two evil, sometimes comedic deities that also turn into some of the most horrifying villains in cartoon history when they get mad.
RIP my friend discord
the irl version had the most effort put in it
😃 NO WAY! Cole Vs Alex????? My pre teen self is bouncing off the walls!
While I personally have not done as much research on Discord as Bill, can definitely say they did their research on Bill to great lengths, around as much as I had done, and assumed they really did as well Honestly i was not sure which side would win, both practically equals in power Ironically Bill had an upper hand in understanding his opponent’s despite his nigh infinite cockiness against lower beings, him being a master conman and all An interesting thing is whileBill cannot go through the portal he can indeed still interact within it with his other powers as seen with lasers (which doesn’t add much, just wanted to state that as people usually glance over it That said, give some Discord feats as well cause man from what I’ve seen he’s on a crazy level as well
Bill Cypher:"A Feeble Effort, a Magical Chimera cannot defeat a Demon Mystical Pyramid in Battle" Discord: "I wasn't trying to beat you i just needed to Distract you😁😈" Bill Cyhper:"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
Actually, going to sound funny but...  i think the winner in this one is.. discord...    he even tricked you two into believing cypher won.     Because discord tunnel focused cypher onto himself... and trapped him back in his own dimension,  yes he may have sacrificed himself  to do so, but in the end, a win is a win.   Fluttershy is safe, his reality is safe...  and Bill is stuck, possibly for another few million years or longer.
Also can we get Hajime Nagumo from Arifureta: From Commonplace To World's Strongest
14:58 is my favorite part ngl xdd
PLEASE DO finn from adventure time vs leonardo tmnt
Wow. Absolutely stellar episode, loved it from beginning to end.
Anne Boonchuy vs Luz Noceda
I would argue a draw.  Yes discord died, but bill is trapped once more. And for immortal beings. be Discord will come back and bill will escape one day, but in effect they are both dead to the world's they would be influencing.
Intro (0:05) Bill Cipher's Rundown (0:35) Discord's Rundown (6:56) Fight (13:26) Results (16:59) Next Time (19:41)  Thought I would make this easier.
Took me a while to realize who actually won.
This is, without a doubt, the BEST Death Battle episode you guys made! I love the different styles of animation you all made. I also really like how Bill Cipher defeated Discord. I do like Dipper and Mabel from Gravity Falls, but Bill's my favorite GF character. Well done you guys! ❤
Why haven't we seen Monkey D. Luffy yet we see characters come back but noe 1 of the big 3?
Fight animation keeps getting better and better-think this match up was just an excuse to show off animation styles/quality. Was a brain-breakingly difficult match to keep up with, and I initially thought the result was the opposite of what was claimed (IE assumed the loser had won and the winner had lost). I suppose the moral victory goes to the fallen. It was less a matter of 'who has the greatest feat'-both combatants being toon-style reality warpers render this point moot-but more a case of 'which one has a specific fine-print loophole that can be exploited?' Little surprised that unicorn hair (Which Discord would have knowledge of from 'watching your show' and ready access to) did not play more of a role. Still, very well done, fight animation and acting the best since Popeye vs Saitama, and kudos for ANYONE trying to puzzle out who'd come out on top between these two piles of overpowered, logic-free cartoon nonsense. Has one of the most emotionally impactful endings as well-impressive for a series based around settling nerd debates by bashing action figures together.
Someone make a gacha life react of this. I really want to see how mlp would react
Bill may have won the "Death Battle" but Discord won the War...
Bill if you  can give me 5 percent of your power then we got a deal
Cole vs Mercer. I’ve never played the infamous games but I have the prototype games. I’ve also seen gameplay of infamous years ago. I can’t honestly see Cole winning. Obviously I’m not an expert, but I just remember Cole not being nearly as strong, or have regenerative abilities. My first instinct right now is that Mercer wins.
One power Discord has that Bill Cypher doesn't is traveling between dimensions.  Bill Cypher can't do it without help.  Discord has no problem doing it(Season 5 episode 7).
The weird thing is Bill's weakness is unicorn hair and discord comes from a land full of unicorns. I feel like that could have been utilized a bit more
Bill may have won the death battle but discord had the last laugh of trapping him and saving his friends. What a fun and chaotic battle, my favorite in the season so far!
So Bill is basically Void Ghidorah but with more personality?  Huh.
I honestly thought he restored Bill orginal world
I’m not sure discord is dead. As seen it was the loss of caps that caused him to fade. He is a being made of discord it’s possible that with enough discord his soul will restore itself.
As much as I wanted Discord to win... ya know what? Screw it. In my head-canon, he DID win. After all, Bill's ability to "destroy souls" was illusory... the hole he put in Dipper's chest in "Dreamscaperers" was easily repaired by Grunkle Stan.  "Word to the wise, kid... we're in the mind! You can do anything you can imagine in here!"  Discord, meanwhile, is a literal god... a trickster-figure embodying the primal forces of chaos, disharmony and uncertainty. Bill is an interloper, and the universe does not abandon her children so lightly.  So yeah... screw you, Death Battle writers. Not all of us recovering Bronies turned out to be 4chan Neo-Nazis and sex-pests in stupid hats preying on teenage girls.
I actually think discord won but anyways
Always wanted to see this
Bill might have won the battle but discord won the war by imprisoning bill again
14:53 bendy flower
best episode so afr in my world
10:28 that was totally Bill asking that question since, you know, he’s possessing Whiz.
Both of them would have been dead in a massacre
Okay, but Discord sacrificing himself to save everyone is 100% in-character.   I love it.
That Jean Luc line made laugh
No
Discord: I’m sorry but I lost, but at least I banished Bill Cipher from Equestria
It would have made more sense that he has unicorn hair protecting him, even if he wasn't aware of it. Real life hair sticks to clothing or skin thanks to static cling, and with just how much hair is in Equestria it's not even a question that some would find its way onto Discord. Bill couldn't technically break the barrier formed from unicorn hair either in the original Gravity Falls show, he could only effect whatever stuck out of the force-field. Especially since it would be his friend (of a friend's) hair and how that kind of thing works in Equestria Bill would likely not even be able to touch Discord at all. Moreover if you consider some of that hair would have come from one or all four potential alicorns, which are literally just ritualistically empowered unicorns that are by every margin stronger than plain unicorns, it would be even more effective. Also if Discord "watched his show" and knew Bill's weakness he would definitely procure some hair as a backup plan, he literally planted a seed that would have freed him from his magical prison on its' own if he wasn't awoken by bickering children on accident, so he's no stranger to contingency plans. Furthermore, if conflict and strife make him stronger, the longer Bill and Discord's confrontation takes the more likely it is that Discord would win. If one pays attention to both shows and how they actually function I don't think it would be very certain to declare Bill the victor.
Idea for the next death battle, Wizz vs Boomstick.
Carmen San Diego vs Lupin the third please!!!!
Gorr vs kratos
15:13 Bill said “Tell John Luke his show is worse than Code of Honor.”
Can you make Casey Jones tmnt vs. Kick-Ass, it would be awesome to fight to watch.
I think even if Bill lost, he would have done the exact same thing to Discord. That’s pretty funny to me.
Is Discord, a discord mod?
Am I the only who loved that Discord may have “lost” the death battle but ultimately won in the end?
13:21 is the Chaotic start of this Fight.
👏, 👏, 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏😎
1:38 start pausing and pick out your favorite AKA name for Bill. SO MANY GOOD ONES
DUDE ALEX AND  COLE  ARE 2 OF MY FAVORITE GAME CHARACTERS! THEY WAY THE GAMES TREATED THEM IN THE END WAS ASS.
Earth Worm Jim!
Bill negs
Im EXTREMELY excited for cole vs alex, played both extensively and cant wait to see who comes out on top
cool
Can we get Simon Belmont vs Geralt of Rivia?
Dante vs kratos please
This was such a fun episode to watch and I really feel like the team definitely had fun making this chaos come to life, also the voices were so good as well! Very impressive all around, definitely one of my favorite episodes, sad MLP hasn't gotten a win since Rainbow Dash but hey there's always the future, I love both shows so this was great.
This is probably the most fun death battle to watch ever. I was fooled by who won originally, which goes to show just how masterful the chaos was here. Discord may have sacrificed himself, but damn he still got Bill good. The different animation segments were also just fantastic. And this has to be said, Discord's laugh as he was getting crushed by Bill is absolutely haunting.
Well, I am disappointed that Discord lost, but at least he managed to trick Bill Cipher into trapping himself in his own dimension, and saving Equestria and the little ponies, a heroic sacrifice.
Discord may have died but Bill was the one who lost
Ngl this is one of the best death battles in history
So... Bill has a weakness to Unicorn Hair, but he just effortlessly dominated a world that has 1/3 of the population as Unicorns. Hmm.
Can we appreciate how DB has upped their creativity when it comes to the endings to these matchups?  Jonathan Joestar vs Tanjiro, Guts vs Dimitri, Silver Surfer vs Martian Manhunter and now this one were all great endings for different reasons!  Keep up the great storytelling because y’all are killing it!
Alright, who has determined what Bill said backwards at the end???
This was such a great video! Animation styles, the lines and fighting of the characters, the funny interactions and the voice actors did amazing
Weirdmageddon Equestria is amazing and not something I expected going in.
Huh. I thought he did like Chiiken Wings 🤔
So, to put it in Yu-Gi-Oh terms, Discord was destroyed and sent to the GY, but his floating effect triggered, targeted Bill and banished him.
WHAT IN GOOD GOD'S NAME IS THAT THING???!!!!  also do ryu vs batman pls <33333333
Can you do Jim Lake junior versus Marinette Dupin Chang
The quality of this fights animation was over 9000. It started and ended in our awesomeness 😎.  Death battle i top my hat off to you and your whole team for this marvelous fight.
11:01 Damn, Bill laying down the heat for Discord.
DEAR LORD WHAT IS GOOD GOD'S NAME IS THAT THING
Next battle Smurftette vs Poppy. The Smurfs The Trolls and Discord R.I.P 🪦💔
John Rambo VS Jason Brody (Far Cry 3) please.
Nice, I knew Bill was going to win, heck maybe they might make Ariel vs Chelsea sometime down the road
Surprised they didn't mention that, as he's literally powered by his chaotic actions, Discord would actually lose power by taking a fight seriously.
The only problem I have is them saying the bewitching bell not being able to work on bill. I'm a dead heart Gravity Falls fan, I love it to death. But the Unicorn hair doesn't drain weirdness energy it just protects you from it, it's like having a bullet proof shield, it doesn't work because it drains bullets of their momentum it works because it's resistant to it, so I think the bell should've worked.
Holy damm,this episode Was amazing,I love the ending and this is probably one of my favorite episodes from.the entire show,tbh now I want more gravity falls in db also finally a good mlp episode
Did they just compare Bill to Schrodinger's cat
While trying to find any hidden meanings, I have solved a few and not others. Any ideas would be appreciated.     At 1:37 for instance, I have no idea what:  A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG  : could possibly be. Same with the song name having:  JpavhojFskypld  : in it. 19:35  However using an Atbash cipher at 4:07,  VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS  turns into  ELEVEN DEEZ NUTZ HAH
14:51 koolaid man cuphead and bendy in the background
soon as Bill opened with "Pasting all this bootleg merchandise together sure took a lot of glue, good thing your friends make their own" it was decided   You don't open with a line that cold and NOT win
BS
Yeah... Maybe we'd accept it better if we considered Bill to actually be at least roughly equal to Discord.  Forgive me, but we don’t take the word of someone who was beaten by a bunch of old men, kids and a house!  At least Discord had an excuse - he was leaked by super-artifacts, but what does Bill have?  Only his words about his supposed cosmic power.
Can't wait to develop a gambling addiction with Draft Kings then get over it through therapy with Better Help and eventually relapse and repeat.
My brain isnt complicated enough to watch let alone understand this sh*t
This fight really was "won the fight but lost the war"
Haha discord is still my favorite mlp charactor
Un dios del caos no le gana a bill pero una humano si xd
Can someone PLEASE tell me what song was playing at "next time" segment?
Easily in my top 3 battles from you guys. But one thing I really loved was the ending to this fight, as it was structurally perfect. Let me explain.  What I loved about this battle is how they specifically mentioned discord beat his partner Cosmo, who was essentially his equal. Implying discord has experienced fighting characters at his power level.  However he didn't kill his partner. He just sealed him in the stars. Implying 1 of 2 things.  1. He showed his partner mercy or.. 2. He could not kill someone with equal power and instead had to resort to sealing them away..  With this in mind the ending of the battle makes perfect sense. Discord tried to erase Bill's mind from the inside, but when he realized he couldn't win, he instead chose to free his friends and seal bill away in the nightmare realm.  Its little things like that from the analysis that are taken notice that turn good battles, into great battles.  Well done guys! I only wish this was the season finale because I don't know how you guys will top this one.
Really like the ending. Discord may have died, but he did so doing something both heroic and tricksy, being a good person without compromising his true nature. Bill got to have his fun, but as he often does, he tunnel visioned towards the objective and didn't register when he was being played until it was too late.
15:13   I love the little bit of foreshadowing here. When Bill and Discord are catapulted back into the regular 8-bit animation, they don’t exit through a “bubble of pure madness” like the one they entered. They exit through a portal. A portal that looks EXACTLY like the one Discord made to the puppet dimension and almost sent Treehugger through in one episode of MLP.
The Illuminati Doritos Chip riding the Red Dragon of Hollywood animation industry VS My Little Pony Verse's Baphomet.  That's way too meta-Masonic to me.
Discord had one of the hardest insults I've ever heard from a fictional character "you're not qualified to work with the 4th wall"   I damn near sat up in my seat when I heard that 🤣🤣
Gravity Fall's commitment to the lore is unspeakable. The way they handled Bill Cypher was astounding.
The next episode is going to be really fun to see what they do with it. But while I played cole's games and didn't play Alex Mercer's games, I am thinking that Alex Mercer will probably be the one to win this.
Wait a sec. Discord states he has seen Bill's show and knows how he dies in this battle... yet forgot the unicorn hair weakening??? Does Discord NOT have access to UNLIMITED unicorn hair? What about alicorn or pegasus or earth pony hair????? Or even his draconequus hair?   That's a massive plot hole, especially considering the amount of time you gave to explaining that weakness.
so this is a 50/50 wow you are still useless-
So let me get this straight Discord died and lost in Death Battle but he sacrificed himself to save everypony especially the Mane 6 especially Fluttershy (of course) from Equestria and restore the Equestria universe from Bill Cipher and die like a hero. That a very Big respect and im proud of him although im sad that he lost and sacrificed himself to his friends. Also this is the first time they show a death battle in any animation appearance especially their respective cartoon show appearance (no 8bit video game form or any other form) and the Discord and Bill Cipher  talking with the hosts in person in the beginning (Pinkie Pie dont count because she broke the 4 wall but still in her own world talking to the hosts voice and not in person). Also im guessing someone will do a epilogue of Death Battle on Discord death to see the Mane 6 and all of Discord friends and Allies appear in the funeral and soon to be resurrection maybe.
What in the actual 'F did I just watch?
Welp, add this episode up there with some of my personal fav death battles. I had a feeling this one would be great from the first rundowns, all the little details, text from both Bill and Discord arguing with eachother during the rundowns, animation and use of live-action, I can tell the crew really made this a special episode and had a lot of fun with it. Everything was top notch imo, well done to the DB crew, looking forward to Alex vs Cole! <3 Also, looking forward to the community decipering all the cyphers, secrets, backwards message, and even the enw cypher in the art for the battle track.
Esta pelea estuvo 10/10.  Plis Accelerator vs Gojo
Honestly I still think the only way Discord truly dies is if he starts going against his nature, because otherwise his been show to have the ability to basically recover from everything, including taking his own body apart, taking death rays, and he could have just made a copy of himself to go into Bill’s mind and then teleport him into the nightmare dimension, and the bell would have very likely worked on Bill too as it worked entirely on Discord, the unicorn hair just acted like a shield nothing more. So honestly I do think Discord would have easily won given he own ability of trickery in general.
NO WAY THIS IS REAL😂
Idk what happened, but I didnt expect to bop my head that much
I was so excited for this one. Had a friend simply have to insist Discord's an actual god and Bill's a wanna-be one, but I knew Bill could still be cutthroat and silly.. xD love your content, and finally my favorite one won!
why is no one talking about the song that played when they were fighting? it was quite something.
What is this music track?  I want it!
Interesting analysis & animation video! Thanks for uploading!
I just saw both cuphead and bendy.
I would like to point out the one major flaw in the analysis; the idea that Discord would not take this fight seriously.  In a standard DB scenario (these two, in a void, no outside help) then yeah, Discord would probably just be having fun. But the scenario used was Bill threatening Ponyville... and by extension, Fluttershy.  It is *consistent* that the *second* Flutters is confirmed in danger or worse, Discord drops all pretenses and goes for the kill. No screwing around, no long winded conversations, if he believes Flutters to be in danger she and her friends can't fix, *he fixes it.*   So yeah. I can accept the result... But not that part of the analysis.
In honor of Gravity falls, I'm going to go unorthodox with my spoiler bar for this comment:  .noitartsurf emerpus s'lliB ta yldam elkcac ot osla dna ,efil yhsrettulF peek ot efil sih evig ylippah d'eh ,ytilanosrep s'drocsiD neviG  .thgif eht now taht eno eht ton si evila llits si taht eno ehT
Bruh the reason why Discord was disappearing in the first place because he himself is willing enough to the point of forcing himself to be less chaotic lol Bill can't erased him and Tirek is also powerful considering he's like Moro on steroids and Tirek>>>>>>Stanford Pines.  Discord didn't even change the genre where the power of friendship should have win and Time Baby is featless seeing he needed time Soldiers to do his bidding unlike other MLP Villains also Discord didn't even use Unicorn hair against Bill.
An honest W for Discord. Gotta love it.
Discord could have used unicorn hair to protect himself from Cipher's powers while Bill wouldn't have been able to counter that or block Discord's powers.
Ok not draw but bill win good 👍
Ooooh $hit! Prototype vs Infamous. So many memories! I'm so happy u guys used Alex Mercer version instead.
It a tiè
Alistar versus black hat
I felt it would be wrong to not watch this video
I feel like discord is going to come back and then discord vs Alistair the radio demon
ig Pure Evil beats Chaos!
7:47 I didn’t know that Discord supposedly lost a drinking contest to Sideways from Transformers.
Bill fought to win and lost his freedom Discord lost so his friends could have freedom 😢😢😢😢
Boomstick has a daughter I want to see her and boomstick father daughter fan art
Please do Goku vs Naruto Please
Can anyone cipher what bill said at the end? 😂 jokes aside what does he really say? Can anyone tell me of an app or a way to repeat the audio backwards?
Discord writing the letter and leaving it for the others was not lost on me. "Bill Cipher learned an important lesson **ON FRIENDSHIP** " He certainly did, it was that friendship that lead to the result that it did. Even if it wasn't on the terms either wanted. Discord's reason for fighting was purely based on that friendship and because of that motivation... both combatants won in their own way~
I have never seen a fight start so early in an episode :)
I swear I had a thought a couple days ago about Cole vs Alex I legit just thought there was no way Cole could pull out a win
13:30 Oh hey its red runner.
Discord may have lost the death battle but he did a pinkie pie and broke the plot to make sure bill lose on all counts.
When they showed Fluttershy and the others, u can see a note that Discord left telling her what happened
Hear me out, Discord *_could_* have won as mentioned by Death Battle, Discord can change the genre he's in. He changes the story to a zombie film, comes back, and then changes it again to a romantic fairytale fantasy where good and justice triumph in the end.
SOOOOOO UHHHH. WHEN WE GETTING A BEYONDER MARVEL VS SPECTRE DC ???
@DeathBattle can we please get a Jimmy Neutron vs Dexter. Or either one of them vs Rick Sanchez please 🙏🏾💜
Honestly, I'm sad to see Discord lose, but at the same time, it's oh-so fitting to see him still have the final laugh regardless.
Remember to buy gold everyone
Expected
I feel like we should do something crazy and out of the box. Guillermo De La Cruz vs Jim Halbert. Who can break the 4th wall with a camera stare harder?
thanks guys, you made me go get my 3rd journal so i could decipher your codes. I forgot that i had it.
Technically this is a tie ending as Cypher's world is ending. So to be trapped in it is to mean defeat.
Gonna be honest, this one was difficult to say with both being reality warpers. Props to Bill for winning but even more props to Discord for being the ultimate victor by sending Bill right back to where he belonged.
Technically bill won and lost  Bill may have won and discord had the last laugh
But in the long run, discord won
At the end discord proved to be more than a creature of chaos.  Rest in peace.
My headcanon is that Bill was reincarnated as Stanford.
Now we need a sequel where Discord gets revived by chaos and takes on Bill again
16:57 is my favorite part
"wanna make a deal" 😈
thes was the best fight so fair
What's up with shows originally aimed at kids constantly creating characters that can do what they want with basically multiverses and greater?
Bill may have killed Discord, but he still took the L.
Wait this whole time I thought bro won, until they were like "but he was match" 🤣 dude crazy death battle yet
3:13  HAHAHAHA HE SAID BOOB
I unironically could not tell who won until they said "and that's why X won" at the end xD
My man Bill won!
My favorite thing I haven’t seen anyone mention yet is that in the portal to Equestria, you can see a letter on the ground, meaning that the letter he wrote at the beginning of the fight was a farewell note to Fluttershy and the others, he always knew that he might not be able to stick around to say goodbye so he did it the only way he could
I feel like if discord actually took things seriously he could've won.
bill should just be glad its not discords OTHER character hes known to play.... *finger snap*
When are we going to have wiz vs boomstick??
Raiden Shogun/Ei vs Raiden Mei (Genshin Impact vs Honkai Impact 3rd)
Bitter that Discord lost, but the way they wrote the episode that he screwed with Bill and saved everyone he cared about before dying was a great way to lighten the blow of his loss. Still a bit upset Discord lost but the episode was amazing!   I just realized that this is the 180th episode. Same as the angles inside a triangle.
Crazy how goku stil solos
Please do megatron from transformers
Not too familiar with infamous and prototype but i love lighting characters so cole ftw.
Lmao @ all the coping and seething bronies. Its called DEATH battle. Bill won
Ironically if bill just removed the chaos and restored order than discord would've been erased
For some reason, this death battle looks like a dark episode of My Little Pony
I strongly disagree with this outcome... for a number of reasons. Firstly, Bill's limits. He can't enter physical space to begin with unless he has a host, and in the mindscape he's naturally bound to, others' minds can be used to counteract his own abilities. Even with a host, Bill takes on their weaknesses. Secondly, still on the point of limits, Bill's power is actually severely lacking, which is observable in one major point... Bill was never able to breach the boundary that contains weirdness to Gravity Falls. He required Ford's help to do that, and never got it. On his own, he lacks the power to break beyond any boundaries, whether that's the boundary from the nightmare dimension into the physical reality, or from Gravity Falls into the real world. Thirdly, Bill heavily relies on his environment. The vast majority of the chaos he creates makes use of the people and items around him, such as bringing the water towers to life and altering other creatures. If deprived of those opportunities, he'd lack a lot of his arsenal. Fourthly, Bill has been easily damaged in the past by means that Discord could easily match, such as Bill's eye being torn out by the Mystery Mech. He's far from invulnerable, and if not for several missed opportunities, he'd have never gotten to be as big a threat as he was to begin with. Fifthly, his reliance on outside help and underlings. Bill will seldom do his own dirty work, and prefers to leave his opponents to his monsters and allies, which brings me onto the sixth point... Sixthly, intelligence... or lack thereof. Bill's an absolute moron. He didn't account for others using their minds in the mindscape, didn't account for Mabel being freed from Mabelland, didn't account for the Stan switcheroo... his arrogance leads him to make terrible mistakes and leave himself incredibly vulnerable. Seventhly... willingness, more the fact that many of his greatest abilities and powers require a willing second party to give him what he needs. Gideon and DIpper making deals with him, Mabel handing over the dimensional rift, Stanford helping him breach the weirdness containment... without a willing second party, he's severely limited. Overall, a being like Discord, whose reach goes beyond even his own reality with his fourth-wall awareness and who is capable of draining power from other beings, and who as a trickster would be wise to Bill's trickery, would very easily overpower the arrogant, limited pyramid with, honestly, very little effort... Bill was only a threat because idiots let him be, and even then he only ever got to be a threat to those idiots. Any suggestion of power beyond that level is purely speculatory. You can disagree if you want, but this is my stance. There is far, far too much working against Bill for him to win this.
What happened to the rule of "No Reality Warpers" in Deathbattle
Spoilers ahead!! I loved this battle and the great ending and soundtrack.        Bill may have won the battle, but he lost in a way at the same time now traped in his dimension. Discord protecting those he cared for died. Perfect ending in my opinion.
If discord saw the show why didn't he trap bill with unicorn hair?
funny how this is the third DB in a row where the loser didn’t fully lose. discord saved his friends, martian manhunter knew his fight was frivolous, and guts died still standing
This battle reminded me how impressive it was for Alex Hirsch and crew to make a tortilla chip with a hat one of the most terrifying creatures in TV history
Discord lost the battle, but he won the war by making it to where Bill Cipher could not harm his friends again. That is very honorable for a chaotic chimera.
I swear if Death Battle started a show out of the characters that survived somehow realizing that all of it was just for entertainment and tried to find the boomstick and the other guys cartoon selves for revenge would be amazing AF and I'd love it. 😂❤ Please 🙏🥺
An interesting fight for sure. But next fight is EVERYTHING I've ever wanted
I love how this fight embodies the essence of chaos. Chaos are usually related with evil, but this episode shows how Chaotic Good vs Chaotic Evil is vastly different.
Wath the f is this
WAIT WAS BILL ACTUALLY IN THE PAST FIGHTS???
Never thought I'd witness a Death Battle so chaotic and wild that it would make my spine tingle for this long! I think it's trying to get out of my back
I am up for a deal🎉
We need to get a Deathbattle featuring Double Wizard Zargothrax or some other characters from Gloryhammer. They would be so goddamn good.
As always, fights are too damn short, but, for the first time in a long time, I liked the fight. So 👍Good job Death Battle.
So Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war.  Makes sense.  Really the only limiting factor in this fight is the characters imaginations, and I feel Discord has the upper hand in that category.  He constantly references things that are beyond his own universe, like Bob Ross.  Meanwhile Bill's knowledge seems to be contained within his own universe.  I think that gives Discord larger imagination in terms of what they can accomplish with their magic, since their only limits are what they can imagine. So the ending to this fits.  Neither one can "magically" defeat or overpower the other.  The only way to win is to out think the other.    The other note to consider, is that Discord will always exist as long as chaos exists.  He is more of a concept.  So there are only 2 ways to kill him for good.  Get him to stop being chaotic, or create a universe with no chaos.  Bill is a pretty chaotic guy, so as long as Bill is doing weird stuff, Discord cant be killed.  However Bill has no such boon.  He is a creature of chaos, but chaos itself.  Thus he can be killed.
While i may not like My Little Pony and was honestly rooting for Bill 😅, i gotta give major props and respect to Discord for sacrificing himself to save the ponies and trap Bill back in the Nightmare Realm
Discord won. The fact that Bill still exists doesn't negate that.
Bro discord vs mask
I demand a full Death Battle involving only puppets!
I dont agree with the results my odd were more like 60% discord to the 40% to Bills, bills actually has weaknesses and discord literally lives with ponies and UNICORN  he could have easily entrapped bills and go for the kill and more of that "Going for the kill" its death battle they are both going for the kill since when has death battle trying to include more personality into killing each other 1 thing is to give them that in the animation but as a positive?  In bills favor?  Bruh
I think the letter Discord wrote was for Fluttershy. And it explained what happened
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war.
Discord may have lost the death battle, but he still trapped Cipher, thus winning the war and becoming the hero of earth.
Goated DB episode
INFAMOUS POGGG
About damn time Cole and Mercer went head to head in a proper duel.
FINALLY ALEX MERCER VS COLE MACGRATH IVE BEEN WAITING SINCE CHILDHOOD IM 27 NOW   better late than never lol
This episode WAS FAR BETTER THAN I HAD EVER ANTICIPATED! 🎉 As someone who’s favorite Gravity Falls character is Bill Cipher, his representation and analysis here BLEW ME OUT OF THE WATER!!! Discord’s was amazing as well, and small tidbits such as the Wiz and Boomstick IRL scene, the different way texts are positioned and transition, the fourth wall breaks in text and in character, the godly fight scene, the interjections from Bill and Discord, their interactions, etc. I could go on and on but this will probably be in my top 5 favorite episodes of all time, number one right now just from the hype alone! (Although I already saw the full fight before the official airing on Death Battle) 12/10 Death Battle episode, PERFECTION! 👍
Honestly, I would have preferred this to end in a stalemate or a draw but… then again I cannot argue with the facts. See you in the next incarnation triangle fiend.
But can Bill beat SpongeBob tho🤔
RIP (this version of) Discord.
Nice.
Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. Buy gold, byeeee!
8:20 when did boomstick get a daughter?  Edit:        Even though Discord lost the battle, he won the war for this friends.
This fight was practically a Deadpool vs the Mask 2.0😐💥
Kachaw
*I don't even like chicken wings* -Viginere Cypher in Bill's section
Fire 🔥
So let me get this straight discord wins, but you’re handing the win over to Bill cipher?  Especially since discord is an unkillable being in less if you force him to act non-chaotically what you can’t    Even showed in the death battle that discord won but then they turn around and say bill cipher won
Really hard to tell what exactly would be the outcome given both can do anything- so going off of what they didn't do on screen is kind of the only option. As assuming they could do their suggested full powers (anything) would truely lead to a stalmate
i like to think they would be nice friends
This is the goofiest death battle I’ve ever seen
My favorite new episode, discord won me over.
Let’s go! I don’t watch MLP but this fight was awesome! And better yet, next DB is Alex Mercer VS Cole MacGrath!! Let’s Gooooo!!
A perfect ending that perfectly sums up the character, uses them to the full extent of their abilities, gets creative, and creates a meaningful finish. You can't ask for better than that.
there was a whole EP of MLP where Discord goes to a place with no magic and his powers just don't work so all Bill Cipher has to do is make a place where magic don't work or take Discord to such a place and he wins
bill may have won the fight, but lost everything else. discord really had that"even if i can't win, i'll make sure you LOSE"  going on
one day I'd love to see a death battle royale, where everybody that's ever won a deathbattle faces off to determine the strongest of all.
plastic man vs mister fantastic plzzzzzzz
A) i think you mean Waffle House at 3AM B) you got it 100% accurate.. Fluttershy IS Best Pony C) bill got trapped in his old prison dimension..how do you figure he won? D)oh, right i forgot you are one of his mind slaves.. OF COURSE you declared him the winner........
I really think Discord won the Death battle. Yeah. He the one that died and lost. But he actually save the ones he cared the most and got rid of Bill from his universe.
I loved the reference to the original wiki Death Battle with bill being turned into a dorito
The First Kamen Rider vs The First Super Sentai would be a cool match up
Is it just me, or was bill animated by Theodd1sout at 16:03. It looks so similar to the way James animates movements
I just want everyone to know that this is only one way the fight could have ended and there are still hundreds of ways Discord could have won.
15:03 😂😂😂 this is my favourite episode so far❤
Yes! My boy won! :D
This is about what I expected, and a spectacle to boot. It's practically a fight in the meta-narrative of LotR: Eyeball is too powerful to lose, so the forces of good bet everything on distracting him just long enough to make him harmless and come out on top, even if it costs them their lives in the process. Heck, even the idea that Discord will eventually come back from dying anyway as the concept of discord won't ever disappear, it basically comes down to Bill winning the Death Battle, but with Discord winning the Death War due to removing Bill from the equation again.
13:31 fight begins
Love the episode! Not sure I agree Bill wins this, but still another great one!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW HELL YES.😂😂❤
I feel like Discord should’ve taken the W, Bill was pretty much defeated by a couple of kids and old men.
11:22 that should’ve been the las season villain.
I mean, Discord did win 🎉
Discord is dead...  Bill Cipher WINS!!!
lets be real, in reality discord is going to be back he HAS to exist he is a universal constant a concept much like death unlike bill whos just... there   plus he trapped bill back in his home. With discord who WILL be back due to him being a concept and bill being neutralized honesty id say discord won the fight
Didn't except this kind of match up on my birthday.
the one thing i wanted to see Discord do was turn bill into a dorito, which he did. however when he said "experience substantiation" a commercial suddenly played. he most likely broke the fourth wall for that...
Infamous vs Prototype ❤❤❤ my fav games growing up. This was one of the best surprises I've ever seen on here 🎉🎉
14:25 I recommend 0.25 speed to find all the easter eggs like the first book, Rick Sanchez and Dipper and Mabel ponies.
If Bill loses then deathbattle is just going for the controversy.
Love this so much
This is literally how I've been telling people it would go. Discord would just put Bill in another dimension. I dont get why you say Bill wins tho. Bill is trapped, meanwhile Discord can just reform and travel back in time to meet back up with everyone.  Edit: Wait a second. You showed that Discord can erase minds in the rundown. Why wouldn't he just erase Bill's mind? You even brought up that Discord watched Gravity Falls and knows how Bill dies.
What makes the ending sadder is the note he left on the ground for them
No idea what either of these characters are, so fast forwarding to next time lol
Very interesting battle and ending it feels more like a tie even if Bill did the KO. Though if I were to have one complaint it's probably that Brandon Yates Discordant Decipher song was interrupted during the chaos bubble segments.
Day 3 of asking for yaoi-yoi-chan (Dark Gathering) vs Seika (The strongest exorcist in another world)
Aku vs Demise (Cartoon Network) vs (Legends of Zelda)
As I said, Easy win for Bill Cypher
8:06 a bug kid with infinite power.
I'll take solace in the fact Discord did save his Fluttershy from his "superior" opponent.
The fact that the lyrics of the battle theme was both Bill and Discord hurling insults at each other just makes all of this even more perfect.
I like how Discord calls out Bill Cipher saying the audacity of him breaking the 4th wall, yet yet Pinkie Pie the mask and even worse Deadpool have broken the 4th wall worse than Bill
Funniest Death Battle episode ever!😂😂😂
So I don't want to nag, but is Agent 47 ever going to show up in death battle? I really want to see him to toe to toe with other super assassins.
I think a good way to put the conclusion of this Death Battle is “Bill may have won, but Discord kept his eye on the prize and led this fight to a chaotic conclusion.”  The loser is Bill Cipher.
The fight is cool and all but I’m just glad they used a kh4 clip
Maybe it should be Mr. Mxyzptlk
Truly a textbook example of a Pyrrhic victory... for Bill.
Discord didn't win, but in the grand scheme of things, Bill lost
This is the one of the most rigged death battles I've seen. In mlp discord will always exist as long as there is chaos meaning bill cipher can't kill discord because bill cipher is chaotic especially with him terrorizing mlp
Im confused. Lol. What happened?!
My brain thought discord the app...
You should redo bill cypher vs Sephiroth. No way Sephiroth wins.
Utter... Insanity... Bravo Everyone who worked on this.👏 Bravo Discord for saving everyone from this mad Triangle despite despite losing the fight.👏 Bravo Death Battle.👏
Discord the website is a furry!?
Prime example of 'I lost the battle, but I won the war'
WHAT IN GOOD GOD'S  NAME IS THAT THING  also do ryu vs batman plz  7:36
I loved everything about this video 😂😂😂❤❤❤ just had to say that.
This is one of the best death battle it was also the most anticipated
Bills is scary asf
Hmmm... but Discord can only be deleted, when he stops being a chaotic being. How could Bill delete him then?
this was freaking epic bro
No dog in this fight...  I have no clue about either.
This has to be the best death battle episode ever
SO YOU CAN MAKE THIS BUT TREAT ALIENX LIKE A DAM STREET FIGHTER.
Cole is getting cooked
This fight was chaotically weird. I have got to show this to my sister!
How about Simon Belmont vs Blade for the Halloween episode?
Knew it, Discord lacked the killer intent
I knew Bill was going to win but never in a million years was I expecting Discord laughing in a mix of fear and genuine care for this death and that he’ll never see his friend again
My suggestion would be star butterfly versus Morpho knight, or Kirby versus bill cipher anybody else think that would be good
Even thought i disagree with the outcome the fight animation and the song were both fire
I would love to see sternritters in death battle for more bleach representation
This is the death battle of the Century!
Wow this was such a good episode of death battle. My favorite episode so far
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS! Oh Yes! Bill Cipher for the Win! I knew he couldn’t lose!
This was fantastic. My vote was on Discord, as I related him so much to Q who had unlimited power except if challenged by another Q. And Bill could be trapped or his power limited unless a pact is made. But if you're able to manipulate time and still 'die', two interdimensional beings are beyond that. So I highly doubt even crushing Discord's soul would end him. Maybe one version in one time. But we humans are so limited to our linear concepts, as Q would say. Simple name for such a complex being.
You guys should do a Jonny gat (saints row) vs Trevor Phillips (gta) I would love to see that
Gotta say I had no interest whatsoever in this one
Haven't watched the episode yet, but betting on Bill
I know everyone is basically paying respects to discord for that ending  but I'm giving some props to Bill for bagging that kill and not letting the fact he's trapped again stop his flow, he can always make another deal to get his way back  and for the fact most people I talked to assumed Discord would win so I have something to laugh at them about now  though I wouldn't mind saying it's a draw considering Discord could always come back the same as Bill
Mr fantastic vs plastic man
I appreciate the way they handled the Bill interaction with the hosts. I was just expecting him to appear and talk to them, and what they did instead felt more in character.
I suggested infamous vs prototype years ago 😅. Loved prototype never played infamous thought
The wasp vs bumblebee
I haven't watched a single episode of MLP but Discord saving his friends despite as he dies just made me respect him
Brainiac vs Ultron
This is chaos
Discord play Bill I think discord should’ve won. He trapped trapped him, played him and saved his friends and said the most badass line
It is UNREAL how much work must  have gone into making this battle a reality. I don't know how y'all did it, but y'all have topped yourselves again! Sincerely, Bravo! \^u^/
This was without a doubt a DRAW in my opinion
Zeph king movie secluded Sitter babying blanket mint  Snowball table's Preci  Luke violet surrounded German lemonade calibre Otago club Franz Tina
If they ever fight again, discord would win, the voice if discord in this battle also did silver surfer
My only complaint is a conceptual one that has no perfect basis within either show; In MLP, it's pretty much stated outright (and it's even mentioned here) that Discord is powered by disharmony. As such, even being around the reality-warping shenanigans Bill creates should make Discord more powerful. By contrast, Bill Cypher has no clear power source. While Bill's power is infinite, mathematic formulas have shown for a while that there are different sizes between infinities. Essentially, if infinite set A is contained within infinite set B, then infinite set B must be larger. As such, it would stand to reason that Discord is actually more powerful than Bill Cypher, at least while they're fighting. Bill's power is a static infinite-so far as we've been shown-while Discord's is stated to have a source. In essence, every act of power exerted by Bill would only serve to make Discord more powerful, as it would only further increase the amount of 'disharmony' present in whatever realm they're fighting in.
Now I see why Bill Cipher is a fan favorite!
I wonder who would win Alex Mercer or albert wesker
Hey bill want a hand ✋
The creeper geepers creepers vs the predator
Seeing that letter on the ground next to the ponies at the end  implies that Discord knew how the fight would end, which only leaves the question of what he actually wrote down.
Don't worry, Discord will be back. You know Fluttershy will not rest until she's found a way to bring him back.
Gojou satoru vs tatsumaki next pls
Not only was this battle entertaining, but I wouldnt mind whoever won.  I actually thought Discord had the right powerset to take Bill down, being an entity that thrives in chaos. But I forgot that Bill has more than reality warping. Still though, Discord may have lost the battle, but in a way he got the victory in the end.
255408 views and counting... and it's very telling that NO ONE wanted to make a deal.
This is an insta classic
Well next one is gonna be one sided.  Alex has enough mass to tank Cole's lightning long enough to get close enough to eat him.
hey death battle do you take quests is so  i have an idiot id like to prove wrong do A.C Void Vs Sonic the hedgehog   plz tell me sonic's not beating no black hole
Good .. now can you get serious & do Guyver!??!?  lol
This episode was awesome.
IT'S ABOUT TIME! BEEN SCREAMING FOR COLE VS ALEX FOR YEARS!
Sponsored by mental health assistance. Also gambling!
I like how theyre evenly matched enough that he fucked bill over
What's the song they used to announce Cole vs Alex?
YES YES YES MY BOY WON.  Plus Bill got reincarnated me thinks he become Lord Belos from Owl House.  SPOILERS.  I can't believe they are doing it FINALLY My money is on Mercer.  Respect and keep up the epic work.
Pre-watch comment: if Bill loses this I’m gonna be very confused and upset. Never thought I’d see GRAVITY FALLS on Death Battle   Update: Lets gooo!!!
The code "VOVEVM WVYA MFGA SZS" at 4:12 is in Atbash Cipher, meaning "ELEVEN DEEZ NUTZ HAH".
Heres a death battle request, a death battle between the three most powerful demons in all of anime?  1: Akuto Sai - Demon king daimou  2: Anos Voldigoad - Misfit demon king acadamy  3: Rimuru Tempest - That time i got reincarnated as a slime  Under own each of three are pretty much omnipotent, they have absolute control over time, space, reality, life, death, the very fabric of the multiverse is under the control, but who of the three is the true most powerful demon of anime?
So essentially I love how the loser still gets to win in the end clever ending
Kinda was rooting for discord on this one. Shame, but I suppose I can get that Bill was more dangerous while discord was just messing around and hardly taking the battle as serious.
Bill would've won regardless but I think extrapolating his soul manipulation abilities to that extent is a bit of a misreading
Next god like being you should try for death battle should be Star Trek's Q
This kinda peeves me. In Death Battles, I thought the rules made it so the combatants acted blood thirsty regardless of their characteristics. Like, their personality had no time to shine in a "I just want you to die" territory.
Everything about this episode was hands down fantastic. From the way they were messing with the analysis itself to how their powers and personalities were displayed throughout the fight, specially the 4th wall breaking parts. It was a perfect representation of how a fight between two nigh omnipotent chaotic beings would turn out. The match result was also pretty sweet, since while Bill may have won in a more traditional way, Discord still managed to have the last laugh (literally) since he still achieved what he wanted, which was to save Fluttershy and her friends, so it is questionable if Bill has truly won, even more so given Discord may or may not reform himself at some point in time.  (Edit: ok, so after rewatching the episode I concluded that Bill most likely killed Discord, since Discord can still be erased even with his “existing as long as chaos exists” gimmick, but something that I noticed is that right at the start of the fight, Discord says he is going teach Bill a lesson on friendship, which he ultimately did by managing to save Fluttershy despite Bill’s wits, so I guess that’s a bonus point for Discord lmao)
by far the best animation done to date. incredible work guys,.
Confiscó death battle sus análisis son de v
I mean I feel like it's still a win for discord.
what adds more disrespect is that he got fooled by a lesser being than himself despite having infinite possibilities vison, and didn't see discord was just killing time to seal him back up, I'd be salty as Bill if I fell for suck a trick
He pull one last trick before the curtains close , truly a great job until the final is
Dont you love being a idimensional god
I love bill, but discord stomps.
This was a mirror match and even tho bill won he still lost pony land and discord was definitely stealing the show but bill owned it definitely my favorite one of the season😊
Bill won the battle, Discord won the WAR.
This Match was Wild and i love it but.....now....THE MOST REQUEST DEATH BATTLE SINCE THE CREATION OF THIS SHOW.....THE TRUE POWER....THE OG FROM THE CONSOLES BACK THEN LADIES AND GENTLEMAN  ALEX MERCER VS COLE MGAFTCH (I can spell his Last name good)   VIRUS VS EVOLUTION   TIME TO SETTLE THIS MATCH
There's one small detail everyone forgets..... Bill is a Dream Demon. For Bill to do Anything you'd have to be in a dream scape which is something we know discord has more power over. Bill isn't that powerful outside the dream scape. Weirdmagedon was letting the dreamscape enter the real world
Y’all should just do a Death Battle of Wiz vs Boomstick because why not it’ll be fun
I remember some years ago, during their ScrewAttack days, I basically begged to see McGrath vs Mercer. It's both nostalgic and really fulfilling to finally see it coming after all this time. 🙌
I have been waiting for this battle ever since it was confirmed. And it did not disappoint! 10/10
I mean seeing how powerful bill is i dont know why he keeps being matched up against sans even before the tumblr competition . anyways that fight was very fun 8 /10
Whoever voice Discord and Bill both did a great job.
19:54 - Do you reckon they'll pay homage to Ben Croshaw's request to Sucker Punch and Radical to depict Cole and Alex in a bra?
Galactus vs Unicron? MARVEL x Transformers.
Cole McGrath vs the GOAT Alex Mercer is the most hyped I've been of a fight!!!!! Please y'all don't make it bad 🥺
love the touch at the end
I still count this a draw cause  Even though that Discord died in the end, Bill is still trapped in his home again
This video deserves more views than it currently has. It needs to hit 1 million by the end of this week, 2 million by next week, and from then on until end of Season 10. That is what the DEATH BATTLE community owes to the team for this incredible milestone
Dope
I like these matchups with nonsensical characters. They are extremely unpredictable and just fun to watch without expectations and bias.
Bill: WANNA MAKE A DEAL?! Me for No Reason: Sure why not *extends hands*
I knew bill cipher was go to win
Fair enough. As a counterpoint, a kaleidoscope is only two dimensional. I thought I would be angry like Goku vs Superman at this one, but, fair point.
I remember the Tumblr Sexyman Poll, Sans won everything by 1 single vote.  And then may or may not have killed the Queen of England
Man, when at 16:15 the hand breaks through the eye with Bills echoing words just before and the music i get goosebumps. AWESOME SCENE, hands down.
I just noticed Discord is holding a small service bell, after the cherry dropped on top of the ice-cream with a little "Ding" noise.
13:26
Funny how better help sponsored this video
I have to say a barrier meant to protect and then drain magic is totally different from the bell that is strictly meant to steal powers   I think if the bell was used and drained even a little power it could have made a difference and discord didn't even use it 🤔
If you pay attention, after Bill and Discord leave the puppet bubble, the weirdness bubbles are all gone.  This is a subtle hint that Discord transported Bill out of Equestria
"Now if you'll excuse me, I have some ponies I need to make into glue," I also like the detail that Discord repeatedly went for Bill's eye, which I think he stated hurts the most to regenerate
Superman vs Sentry Geralt vs Guts Kuchiki Byakuya vs Sans  And for a season final - Anos Voldigoad vs Darkseid
Can someone translate both of the hidden messages Bill Cipher left? I tried but failed:  A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG  VOVEM WVVA MFGA SZS
Things got weird real fast
agreed a tight battle but you forgot a small detail ;) Discords weakness/strength is Fluttershy. while usually non aggressive and morally against harming another too greatly the moment discord sees/hears/learns she is in harms way, he will go for the kill.  you mentioned the cosmos comics :) where we learn discord has her ability to do major harm but he CHOOSE not to. while a weakness in a fight for his own life I can see him breaking this for Fluttershy given how much he cares about her (he almost killed himself for her for ponys sake)   10/10 battle ^^
OH YEAH BABY!!! I can't wait for the next fight, that one has been discussed ever since both characters were made!
I see where the budget went for this episode and I'm for it
Can doomsday vs scp 682
Watching one of the best death battle animations I've ever seen
well even with discord perma dying he sealed bill away making bill no longer a threat anyways. discord had the last laugh
Well discord definitely scared some kids childhood 15:07
Next week alex mercer vs cole mcgrath infamous finna lose to prototype
This is the best death battle ever
Another episode, another instance of the Death Battle team absolutely upping their animation, storyboarding, and directorial game. What a visual spectacle!
How about revenant (apex legends) vs reaper (overwatch)
I don't know, it seems like it was a win on both sides. Bill is still kinda trapped in another dimension. So yeah, he won but it also seemed like he lost at the same time.
1:18 - Even weirder than Nowhere, Kansas? (Courage scream)
Surprised they didn't have Bill fight the Death Battle Discord server.
This is the only Deathbattle where I thought the winner lost I was so confused
The reality is an Illusion!  The Universe is a hologram! Buy Gold! Byeeeeee😂
Disagree on this one discord has three major weaknesses the elements of harmony, order and Arrogance two of these two of these weaknesses Bill Cipher can not exploit Bill cipher is weak to unicorn hair something that discord has in spades
Do Tony Montana Vs Michael from Gta 5
Are you guys now going to add in more all powerful cosmic characters in battles
I almost dies choking on my coffee during Discords into. The screams of you two being in your voice actors bodies made me laugh😂. It even went a little up my nose.
As a fan of gravity falls that puppet show hit home.
I knew bill was built different
Welp since Bill Ciper won that means, I'll post this.  Bill after the match: "I was supposed to fight Grand Zeno, you‘re a piece of s***” “I’m going to fight you next and if you refuse again to fight me, I’m going to your verse, I’m going to your tournament of power and I’m going to spar you there. All your fighters are f******.”
0:18 Ayo Homelander is being weird
It's kinda rare we get a hero vs villain death battle, so I wanna count this one in that category.
Well at least Equestria is safe But Bill Cipher wins the Fight YES
Bill Cipher may have won the battle......but Discord made sure that Bill lost the war!
This was way better than deadpool vs pinky
In the end, Discord gave himself to save Fluttershy (and friends) - and locked Bill away again. I think that makes him the real winner.
Discord is a true boss and he may lost the fight but but he tricked bill one last time show support for discord 😢😢
i was ready for a chaotic fight but i didn't expect this level of a masterpiece .the animation itself is very superb😁 side note: i also was ready for people to bring up @AnimationRewind's version of it 9/11/2023
I said it once, and I’ll say it again. This Death Battle treated Discord, far better than the 9th season of friendship is magic, the season 10 comics and the generation five comics.
Bill won, but Discord made sure his friends and their world are safe from Bill, trapping Bill into his Nightmare Realm where he can never get out, pulling a Heroic sacrifec and got the last laugh in the end.
BEST DEATH BATTLE EVER
I can’t believe im saying this but I swear I feel like I seen this somewhere before.
This was good stuff.
Not Discord lovingly patting the Fluttershy banner housing her trapped soul T_T
If I had a nickel for every time Wiz and Boomstick showed a Death Battle between two characters capable of breaking the fourth wall I have three nickels. Now that isn’t a lot but it’s strange it happened thrice now
Discord was really insulted that they tried to compare him to Deadpool😂
Hope we'll get to see Emperor Belos here some day.
Dipper and mable 14:30 if you blink you'll miss it
Nah, i don't care if Bill won the fight, Discord won the Battle. That's the most important part.
Even if discord died I think he really won
There are two MAJOR flaws with this:  1: Bill has never been shown damaging a spirit, only mental projections, two different things. 2: EVERY "defeat" discord has had was, by in character admittion, intentional, and used to ensure the main six would get where they needed to be, Including both Tirek, and Grogars Bells.  Discord would have won hands down, but otherwise its pretty good.
🏙️🏙️🏙️🏙️Happy 9/11 For Everyone and of The Heroes Thank you For Your sacrifice 🏙️🏙️🏙️🏙️
this is literally like when Batmite and Mr. Mxyspxkpslkytskrt fought.
I'll say this. Bill may have won the battle, but he lost the war it seems. I feel like of anything, that would describe it even if Discord won, Bill would have done something to mess with Discord before going.
"Gravity Falls looks like a cute show, how bad could Bill Cipher be?" "Basically a cosmic horror from Doctor Strange's nightmares."
lost count of how many years in a row im requesting a Kratos (God of War) vs Asura (Asura's Wrath) video to be made
10:33 dude nah he broke the fourth wall, when he snapped his fingers i got a damn add💀
Love the voice actors in this. The part where Discord said "You don't recognize your own home." And the reality for Bill shatters was perfect. Discord won in my heart.
I have been wanting a death battle between Cole Maccgrath and Alex Mercer for years now, finally
That had to be the weirdest battle yet, there was so much chaos in it. I’ll need to go to discord and talk with my friends about any ciphers that were in that video. Okay, got it out of my system.
And can you do jack skeleton from nightmare before Christmas versus poison ivy from DC
Asking yet again for Lucia Crimson Abyss (PGR) vs Vergil (DMC)
please do Arthur Morgan vs Joel Miller.
I disagree on this outcome as they didnt at all hell utilize the unicorn hair weakness! discord would have unlimited amounts of and who's to say Pegasus and earth pony hair let alone alicorn hair wouldn't have other effects like superman and the different colors of kryptonite specially as they opened up the can of worms complying the discord watched gravity falls  Also,  disappointed that while they referenced the G4 comics, they did not referece that he also appears in G5s where he's able to appear with ALL magic being sealed meaning his durability is probably higher than they calculated....  Also of semi note there is a theory which Alex did semi-approve of (not necessarily what he planned but he likes the idea)  that. Believe it or not bills bills reincarnation is stan... go figure
🥺🥺🥺🦋🦋🦋🦋🥺🥺🥺Rest in Peace Discord Fluttershy Will Give A Monument For The Sacrifice You Will Never Be Forgotten As The Hero of Equestria🥺🥺🥺🦋🦋🦋🦋🥺🥺🥺
Bill may have won, but Discord got the last laugh.😂
"Sure i love checkers" * slams a chess peice on discord * "go fish"  If that doesnt fit a crazy mind idk what does
nooooooo they did'nt use the comic's noooooo they nef discord but good fight tho I love how he didn't really try to win the fight
Another death battle, another missed opportunity to bring out the final descendant of Sparda, deadweight, I mean Nero.
Bill may have won the battle, but we all know Discord won the war by a landslide.
Bro the production qaulity on this episode is this
Thanks for the video
Next do Pennywise (IT) VS Other Mother (Coraline)
This is probably my new fav battle. Especially the ending
I like how death battle dont even know  who would actually win in a fight because there nothing to measure against XD
Man, Illuminati Claptrap Deadpool don't mess around.
13:24
You know a Death Battle is good when they help you rediscover your love for stuff or make you care about a character from a series you aren’t into.  This episode nailed it on both fronts for me while also delivering one of the most fun episodes in the series, hats off to everyone involved.
WHOA THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE EPISODES YOUVE MADE!! THAT WAS AWESOME!!
Was that actually Alex Hirsch voicing bill?
I don't like Chad shirt
Him(The Powerpuff Girls) vs Aku(Samurai Jack)
Lmao i thought discord won at first lol
I feel like they called the outcome of this one wrong. Not because I think Bill didn't Win the fight, he did. But because WHILE Discord lost the FIGHT, *he won the WAR via PYRIC VICTORY!* His Goodbye Letter to Fluttershy at the opening was foreshadowing. He went into the fight knowing he'd lose, and SAVED all his friends. Discord, I salute you. o7
Bugs Bunny vs Woody Woodpecker
I like how this was one of the only battles where mentality was truly the deciding factor, like, Bill and Discord only had access to one method of killing the one another, Memory Erasure and Soul Erasure specifically, and both them could feasibly pull it off, with Discord being able to enter and pull Bill into his mind and Bill just being able to obliterate Discord’s body, the question just came down to who'd shoot the bullet first, and of course, it'd be Bill, he's more violent while Discord is more playful and coy, he’s honestly so carefree in the way he engages enemies because of his non-violent nature.
Apocalypse vs doomsday
I will still argue Discord should win simply based off two things he can do that Bill is statedly unable to. He can hope universes at will, and control minds. Bill can torture you into doing what he wants, but he can't MAKE you do what he wants, or want to do it yourself. Discord can flip your personality around at will, literally snapping his fingers to cause it, and can hope universe as will, generating his own portals.  Oh, and he can read thoughts. Technically Bill can kind of do that by entering a willing or sleeping mind, but he can't do it directly like Discord can(This might be medium awareness, however, as he was reading thought balloons). And of course, he scales to Cosmos who could open several portals at once, and he CAN be serious when the situation calls for it. Again, Cosmos amongst others forced his hand there.
I’d argue discord won, bro got what he wanted
16:37 I wonder what the note says
Soooooo this episode is the best this season in my opinion.  Love the analysis and the fourth wall breaking during it, love the animation and the changes of styles thanks to the madness bubbles, love the voice acting, REALLY love the music and have been listening to it on repeat ever since it got released before the fight, and the ending was surprising but still great.  Spoilers Ahead:                   I also enjoyed the conclusion and how they went with Bill winning.  Yes, Discord can revive himself but as far as I'm aware, it doesn't really give a time limit for when he comes back so best to assume it is unreliable for this as it isn't instantaneous or happens within a couple seconds.  People are going to still say this is wrong but let's be honest, it's a battle between essentially two fourth wall breaking, reality warping gods of chaos.  Getting an answer everyone agrees on would be nearly impossible for this.    The next time should be fun as all I know about the matchup is that it has been requested for a VERY long time.  Probably close to or passed a decade now at this point.    Also, for the conspiracy theorist folks, I did see during the madness bubble sequence Bendy and Cuphead make a quick appearance.  I know it probably isn't a part of the cipher, but the pentagram could still mean Bendy since he is an ink demon in my mind (probably not but we shall see).
Finally, Cole is in!
4 hours ago??
The beat from 14:49 to 14:57 is fire.🔥🔥🔥🔥
How to defeat an infinite dimensional entity: Use the least amount of dimensions possible.
Gotta ask. What’s it say on the screen at the bottom on 1:42 ?
Bill Cipher vs. Grimdorf Killside (Disney's Gravity Falls vs. Hasbro's My Little Pony)
Outcome was wrong, episode was great. 9/10 (Would've been a 10 if they got the winner right).
Sorry, Cole. Being the inferior lingerie model ain't gonna save you this time.
To excited for the next battle Prototype was the best game
The true winner was Discord
16:35 the saddest part is, they can’t even see Discord through the portal. That’s why they’re looking for him. I’m not sure if they’ll learn that is was Discord who saved their world. They don’t even know he’s dead.
Bill got the kill but Discord won.
bill escaped by making a deal with me
So I'm a little confused. Didn't they literally say discord simply exist as long as their is disharmony which isn't bill disharmony as well? Shouldn't this have ended in an eternal stalemate? Like I like both characters but like against time baby is made since with bills chaotic power being more versatile but against discord shouldn't everything bill did or even does basically keep discord around as bill with time baby wanted to destroy time and make it irrelevant? Good fight but think the results were this way cause someone didn't want the stalemate for some reason.
A can you do Anne from amphibia versus Randy Cunningham ninth grade ninja please I will do absolutely anything to see a video like that
The fight kinda reminded me of G5 luffy
i forgot how well made these are omg that was so good
one of if not the best death battle
This is like the first time they have bill cipher on a death battle video and great video :]
Bill was actually terrified of being put back into 2d or well his original 2d universe which discord could have done with a snap.  He is also very clearly shown to not have dimension travel its why he needs the portal and to be let out of where he was and wanted to go because he could not travel dimension.  Unlike Discord who can do so with a literal snap of his fingers.
This will literally go down in history as one of the best cartoon death battles of all time 🤩
Bill may have defeated Discord but did he really win?
Boo
I hope Discord is somehow still alive, after all they brought Deadpool back.^^
When I saw this, I immediately knew, "oh this is going to go off the rails"
I would realy like to See  Brainiac vs Kang the Conqueror  pls
The animation was epic for this one, great job guys.
This was very well done!
Bill died a coward. Discord died a hero.
Advertising A casino and betterhelp in 1 video is a good idea
My brain does not understand this fight. The fourth wall confuses me in these death battles and I love it.
15:13 was that a Owl House reference?
As far as I'm concerned, this could be an official episode. I loved it so much, and I love that Discord saved the ponies at the cost of his life!
Definitely one of the most entertaining Death Battles but besides that INFAMOUS VS PROTOYPE IS FINALLY GONNA HAPPEN!!!
poor discord T_T my poor baby
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war.
I glad discord try his best to take down bill even if he lost and saw his pony end in the end but I love the death battle of bill and discord be my favorite forever man. ✌️
Mah  boi discord died a hero and still manage screwd his enemy  aka BILL CHIPER HIMSELF HAHAHHAA😂😂... Big respect to my boy...... i'd say this is a worth victory in mah books.
If you are going go out. Make sure your enemy loses with you. Love it.
I think discord take the crown because he did you save everyone and that was the his goal right?
Don't worry folks the mlp card game confirmed that Discord has a backup Discord back home.  The fight was honestly probably the best fight in the series, definitely the best of the season.   I do have some problems with the logic for the winner though. I think using Bill being able to hurt dream people and heal himself in the dream world is a bit of a stretch. Also I would argue the weirdness shield is more about negating rather than absorbing which are different. Not to mention we only see it absorbing a possessed Tiki statue and not anything as strong as Discord, so comparing it to Grogar's bell is a bit of a stretch.  I can see why they see it that way though even if I don't agree.  The only thing I just straight up don't like about the research of the fight was that they used a reddit AMA to explain Bill knowing pretty much everything which I'm pretty sure is non-cannon and is straight up contradicted in the show.   Also as mentioned above Discord has essentially a 1-up with the back up and the series shows there is no limit to the copies Discord can pretty much make infinite one ups. Discord has been shown to possess multiple bodies and each Discord copy has his powers and memories. Ok, so even with this its a tie since the fight would go on forever, but Death Battle's animation did bring a way Discord could win. All he has to do is trick Bill in there and leave him. Bill can't leave the Nightmare realm by himself, but Discord can. All Discord has to do is leave, close the portal, and boom he wins. It's a nontraditional win in Death Battle, but Bill would no longer be able to fight for a good amount of years which I would consider a win. I'm sure people will disagree with me, but that's ok. I was just explaining my position. Also Discord could just chill in his dimension and send his copies to fight Bill. Bill wouldn't be able to go to his dimension, so Discord had a way to fight Bill without endangering himself at all. Still love the battle  While I disagree with the outcome I can't be too mad, because as many pointed out Bill might have won the battle, Discord won the war since he saved his friend, Equestria, and will come back eventually. Bill is right back where he started and it will take several years to find another world to conquer.  Anyways my headcanon is that the back up Discord back home appeared to Fluttershy after the portal closed.
Bill Cipher won but at what cost?
Alex destroys Cole
i like how discord and bill write messages in the side cards sometimes, like the feats. really shows that these 2 beings are not limited by their fictional worlds, *chaos chaos they can do anything*
was that "come rest ye merry gentlemen" playing at the end of discord's analysis? i'm guessing your sound designer isn't too familiar with Christmas carols
People have been BEGGING for an InFamous vs _Prototyoe_ battle for as long as I can remember, and I’m ecstatic
It's peak
I'm glad bill won, his one of if not my favourite villain of any tv show/cartoon
11:04 "created pony life"  I can actually believe this, since Pony Life maintains the personality of each protagonist, except for Fluttershy, who somehow stopped being shy and proves to be a great Discord simp, in addition to often showing very chaotic traits along with the power to become giant or tiny at will. In addition to the fact that the scenarios seem to be hand-drawn in a very simplistic way, in the same way that Discord created the world of dungeons and dragons of the minute 12:06
Did he win tho....
Bill won the battle. Discord won the war.
Bil may have won the fight but discord won the war he turned his lose to a “victory” but the video is good.
I wanna be mad that discord lost… but I’m not he fought to the end trick bill all to save everypony and Fluttershy  I’d say he truly is the winner plus he’ll be reborn from chaos so that’s a win in my book
The music for Discord was great
Please do Unicron vs Galactus please DeathBattle
This fight is kinda sad because discord sacrifice his life to saving his friends and put bill back into the nightmare realm so bill won't hurt discord friends
Who else was expecting this fight to be another Deadpool vs pinkie pie?
DB sent Bill home safely after making this video.
“Oh, Bill. AAAAAH HAHAHAHA” You know, you guys have put together a great video when I have not seen either of the two properties but am still emotionally satisfied with the ending
Bill may won the Death battle but Discord won the war in the end.
13:28 Battle Begins
The last two Deathbattles seemed to have a more wholesome ending than usual. Between this and Silver Surfer vs Martian Manhunter, the characters have a more "real" feeling to them.
Spoilers: the one who can mess with reality won
Damn this fight had so many Easter eggs & cameos scattered across it.  - at the start, we see falling through the rift, Anne Boonchuy’s sword run through Luz Noceda’s “Azura” hat. - as Bill’s firing lasers at Discord, a glimpse of pony versions of both Rick Sanchez & Doctor Whooves/The Doctor fighting next to Bill’s pyramid. Also can briefly see pony versions of both Dipper & Mabel with the latter saving the former via grappling hook - during the “rubbershoe” animation transition, One of the flowers is actually Bendy the Ink Demon while Cuphead is holding on to another flower. - Bill directly mentioning Jean-Luc Picard and how his show (Star Trek: Picard, though mostly the first two seasons) were worse than TNG’s most infamous episode “Code of Honour”.  And so many others it’s hard to keep count of them all…
That was so cool Bill is a menace
Bill won the Death Battle, but Discord won the war by trapping him in a different dimension.
Deadpool vs the mask 2:0
You win at Death Battle by killing your opponent. Doesn't necessarily mean you win the fight.
A hilarious and awesome battle. But that Fluttershy moment was heartbreaking. But it also shows Discord got the last laugh.
I haven't seen Death Battle break the fourth wall in a LONG time.
γɒb ɘno ɘboƨiqɘ nɒ ƨɘmoɔɘd ɟnɒlᑫ ⑁ɒnɒɿiᑫ ƨv ɿɘqmo⑁Ɔ ɟɒ⑁ɟ ɘqo⑁ bnɒ ɘlɟɟɒd ⑁ɟɒɘb ɘɿom ⑁ɔɟɒw bnɒ oϱ ƨi ɘϱɒƨƨɘm γm nɘ⑁ɟ bib uoγ ʇi llɘw ,ɟxɘɟ ƨi⑁ɟ ϱnildmɒɿɔƨnu ɘmiɟ ɿuoγ bnɘqƨ γllɒɘɿ uoγ bib
Great job with Bill. The representation I felt was spot on. Especially when he got offended about them being equal.
Bills Animation, was pretty spot on towards the end when he was drawn his more traditional style. I was starting to feel like i was watching the show again
I count this as a tie. Plain and simple.   Even if discord died. He will come back. He is the embodiment discord, cant have harmony without it.  Combined that he did deal with his version if Bill (Cosmos) I would say sealing off Bill back home was a Dub.
Let's go. Bill Cipher won against Discord. I knew Bill would rise, and Discord would fall😈😈😈lololololol!!!!!
Darkwolf from frank frazetta creation angst conan would be perfect battle almost equal like Kenshiro and Rikki O
This with Deadpool vs Pinkie, Homelander vs Omni-Man, Flash vs Sonic, Chuck vs Segata and the Megaman Battle Royale might be the best DB i've ever see
This is exactly what happened with  lobo
Fantastic fight
Great animation and story. Definitely one of the top ten
LOL!
Don't usually comment but the choreography and execution of this fight was too next level.
Bill being a goofball for most of the fight was splendid and all, but holy frick can we talk about how TERRIFYING he looked at 16:23? Like I know that’s his species, but bro was on demon time there
Never in my life have I needed something so much, and never known until I received it. Probably the best characters from these series, and those voice actors really bring them alive.
Just like Guts, Discord went out like a boss.
They really insulted discord by putting him in a battle with a triangle 🥱
Crazy how I was outvoted on choosing Bill and everyone chose Discord and now that Discord died everybody mad😂😂😂  Made my day proud for bill i knew he couldn't lose
I don’t like to put my expectations high, but I was thinking Reverse Flash Vs Goku Black levels of enjoyment. This may have surpassed it! Analysis jokes and character’s breaking the 4th wall wasn’t incredibly annoying or overbearing (Deadpool…) and the fight SLAPS. Genuinely better use of different animation styles than Kool-aid man vs Macho Man. Also being a gravity falls fan, I’m happy Bill won, but I really liked Discord here too! You even root for him at certain moments.,. Easily my favorite death battle this season!
One of the most stylized, coolest, and weirdest episode of Death Battle so far, In case you guys wanna know all the hidden Secret Codes and Easter Eggs (yes I took time for all of these):  1:37 For all the flashing codes in Bill's Real Name, they are actually scrambled names of people who voted in the Champions Ballot 1:37 Vigenère Cipher, Code: Sephiroth, Translation: "I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHICKEN WINGS" (referencing Smash Bracket/Crossover Colosseum) 4:14 Atbash Cipher, Translation: "ELEVEN DEEZ NUTS HAH" 4:18 "Turned a man's coffee into decaf" Funny Neil Cicierega Bill Song Reference 13:31 and 14:29 Redrunner's Youtube Profile at the bottom in the first timestamp then left in the second 13:31 and 14:27 GumballViking's Youtube profile at the top in both timestamps 13:31 Luz Noceda's witch hat with Anne Boonchuy's sword through it (One of my most wanted matchups, stop doing this to me Death Battle) 13:32 Biff Weed's Youtube Profile at the top left (Including Tai Lung in Bill's analysis good on him) 14:21 Sans and The Judge on the right of Bill's drum set 14:25 The song lyrics are sung backwards and says, "Why are you listening to this part backwards? Don't tell me you're some kind of tin foiler? You do know this song doesn't decide the winners right?" 14:27 Journal 3 on the left with Columbo the Detective as a pony on the right 14:28 Ringmaster as a rad pony top right 14:29 Rick Sanchez and The Doctor fighting as ponies on the left in the backround 14:30 Dipper and Mabel as ponies using their signature grappling hook top right 14:51 Macho Man and Kool Aid Man fighting as they usually do in the background (also Bill looking like the Among Us Imposter) 14:54 - 14:56 Bendy dancing as Cuphead is hanging on a flower in the background 15:00 Fall Guys Bean and Among Us Imposter plushies on the left 16:38 The note Discord wrote in the beginning of the fight is given to the Mane Six as a goodbye letter 19:21 Columbo the Detective again in Bill's eye (Likely referencing Light Yagami vs Columbo but I prefer Walter White for Light, still cool tho) 19:25 Bill's backwards message for us says "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold BYEEEEE ⚠" 19:27 Says "TRANSFORM THE QUESTION DEMON"   Comment if I missed anything but great episode all around guys!
Well...at least Discord managed to screw Bill Cipher over big time ^^
Honestly this is the best episode of the season and one of the best in the whole series, perfect animation, great comedy, amazing fight sequence and phenomenal dialogue, the 4th wall break at the end was ominous and legit almost make me scream in pure joy at the ending, I'm so glad Bill won
Ogodumon x antibody VS Scarlett king.  Still what i want.  Bill nothing on ogodumon x antibody, ability to destroy the multiverse without trying. Its raw power made the infinite multiverse collaps when it took its first step.
Discord lost the battle but he still won the war.
Batman fans be like: Batman can defeat Bill with prep time🤡
4:17 Ok but having one of his feats be “turned a man’s coffee decaf” as a reference to his unused song is legitimately genius
Ahahaha, the cut to Ben and Chad was great.
wait boomstick has a duaghter
One point I'd like to consider is discord drawing power from chaos. He did get so orderly that his power started to fade at one point and fluttershy had to produce chaos to try and resuscitate him. If it isn't just his own chaos that he is empowered by then it is possible that bill would stand no chance. Since bill's every move is weird and chaotic thus would be empowering discord.
The ending is the literal embodiment of "I've won but what cost?"
Ive been waiting for the cole/alex fight since episode 1 of DB so hyped! Now all that is left is duke nukem vs serious Sam
Bill is just the best villain ever
so an interesting fact about why bill wanted out of the nightmare realm is that this non-universe is incredibly unstable, and given enough time will in some way collapse in on itself and be destroyed, so discord didn't just manage to screw over bill, he very well might have taken him down with him.
Here is the thing I really don't think Discord died truly
sooo.. what did bill say at the end there? anybody? lol its backwards so i dont know XD
Great episode as people can argue who truly won that match.  Discord lost, but Bill isn't happy with his victory.  Also Cole would win if its against Alex Mercer... And I hate they had the Alex Mercer scientist practically take back control over the entity Zeus that was the playable character in the first game.  Second game 'Alex' was just a power Hungary nut job who forgot everything from the first game so I count him as a separate entity... And sadly that entity was based off the original model than the one we played as.
finally Alex mercer vs cole mcgrath!
Damn I wanted Discord to win 🥲
So bendy vs cuphead is an episode idea right.
Question, when Bill regenerated his ‘spirit’ in the mindscape, didn’t Stan do the same to Dipper, and the ‘spirits’ he erases just mental conjurations from Mabel? That does not seem like an ability Bill has, but rather one that anyone transferring the mindscape has. Also, the only time Discords body was ‘destroyed’ was a banishment spell, which kept him from physically being in the School of friendship, but not his spirit. I agree with most of what DB says about Bills foresight and ruthlessness, but the methods seem inconsistent, as Discord should be able to do what the Pines did in the mindscape, and Bill hasn’t shown a banishment type ability to allow him to distort Discord physically.
It might be just coincidence but the music for this battle sounds a lot like a 3rd chaos god's theme, eleggtroswing from one night at flumpty's three. Now all we need is flowey from undertale and we can really make it a party.
bilk's knowing of soos's death day and time may not be precognition. it could've been him having plans to kill soos himself in the near future.   there. that changes the outcome because i want it to, redo the episode.
If next episode isn't a swimsuit competition, then we have failed Zero Punctuation.
Mercer vs McGrath huh, now thats gonna be a hell of a fight, but as much as I love the Infamous games, Im gonna have to go with Mercer for that one
I see the first encounter ending no other way. Considering the scale they operate on, there will be a Round 2 someday. May take some time, but eventually, one will reform, and the other will return.
I never knew that a character type that I wanted someone to make for years (powerful being who both isn’t evil and doesn’t take everything seriously) existed in My little pony of all places Also wow does that show have a crap ton of lore
Black lodge from Twin Peaks vs Overlook Hotel from the Shining please and thank you
That puppet scene broke me 😂😂
Wow, this was an amazing episode. The shifting of styles, the music, the voice work, all of it. Is that Alex Hirsch reprising his role as Bill Cypher? If not, the impersonation here is top-notch.  Edit. Another user yoga5631 pointed out that the voice of Bill Cypher in this episode was John Patneaude. It is an excellent impersonation.
This Death Battle’s Winner: Friendship.
Winx vs witch
Se imaginan si envés de discord ubiera peleado con cosmos
I get Bill won overall but he still lost by getting trapped again. Fun watch though
So basically, Bill was just using something similar to Stockfish from chess. Got it.
19:55 Lo veo y no lo creo ...   ¿¡ COMO QUE EL SIGUIENTE DEATH BATTLE SERÁ  ENTRE ALEX MERCER VS COLE MACGRATH !?  Encima la fecha de estreno ( 25 de Septiembre ) coincide con la Batalla, Ojo, "La batalla de Rap" entre Cole vs Alex Mercer, hecha por Zarcort Game y CycloMusic, y Cumplirá 10 años 👀✨
Wow
18:09  I'm glad they included that little tidbit.  Discord may have lost but he'll be back in time.
Do a mickey vs mario
Discord may have lost, but he still made it so Bill lost where it counts. Total bad ass right to the end. (Plus, I think he can come back from that I'd there's enough chaos in Equestria)
I kind of figured he'd come out the winner since this is like pitting Heath Ledger's Joker against Ceaser Romero's Joker, kind of a no brainer.  Well, since there's probably gonna be more MLP characters appearing in Death Battle in the future, here are 8 MLP Death Battles that i think could happen:  1. Princess Twilight Sparkle Vs. Sailor Moon  2. Applejack Vs. Sandy Cheeks (SpongeBob SquarePants)  3. Rainbow Dash Vs. Sonic The Hedgehog  4. Sunset Shimmer Vs. Mal (Descendants)  5. Princess Celestia Vs. Amaterasu (Okami/Japanese Mythology)  6. Princess Luna Vs. Cynder (The Legend of Spyro)  7. King Sombra Vs. Naraku (Inuyasha)  8. Lord Tirek Vs. Megatron (Transformers)
Discord got killed, but Bill got outplayed. Bill lost everything, and not even his kill on Discord matters, cause he's tied to the very concept of chaos itself, and will just come back, give him a bit and he'll be right back to eating cookies and drinking tea with Fluttershy in no time.  Get fucked, ya damn space dorito.
Bro the next episode is gonna be sick.
Let’s be real, discord won the battle alone, for trapping bill again, and even saving his friend, while distracting bill’s all seeing eye
The transition to different art style reminds me with chowder.
I only came here to see the next episode and I'm so happy overjoyed to see my boy Alex Mercer and then after being that level of excited they finally brought or are bringing an og ps3 3 vs battle infamous versus prototype
You guys should Galactus vs Unicron (I’m a subscriber)
Nunca fiquei com tanto anseio com um vídeo de vocês, tudo me dizia que Bills iria levar essa mas estava torcendo com tudo pro Discordia, com certeza o meu vídeo favorito desse canal!
Wilson Vs. Steve (Don’t Starve Vs. Minecraft)
Bill the goat
Wow another Death Battle that wasn’t swayed by BS
Jobu tupaki vs Dr Manhattan!!!
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
You could say that Discord actually did teach Bill a lesson in friendship.  There are some things that are worth sacrificing for....
I think I broke something
Well, hot damn.  That was actually pretty danged lit.  Also, Alex Mercer vs. Cole Macgrath?  Mercer gonna stomp him harder than Omni-Man stomped Homelander.  Dude's taken a nuke to the face and lived.
Can someone explain why bill was saying " no,no,no,no ect" cause im confused it sounded like he was in trouble and then he finishes discord like it's nothing
This might be first time in DB history where the loser technically wins.
"reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold byyyyyyeee"
That final act from discord was amazing
Didn't they do this one done a few years ago?
I dont agree with the "Discord is less powerful" part. We established that as long as there is enough chaos Discord is unstoppable at 8:33 (power infinite).  And at 4:45 the establishment of Bills "Infinite" power is taken out of context. When Ford sayd "Bill gets stronger every second wierdmageddon continues" it dident mean Bill himself grows in power. Its the general chaos that was going on/he created with time, makeing it harder to start a counter offensive.  And that would make Discord at the end the winner. Since while Bill IS extremly powerful he has a limit and Discord dosent.  I am not 100% sure since i dident read or look for ALL established lore but i dont think it was just the chaos DIscord himself creates, its the chaos that is going on around him in general. And Bills chaotic nature would fuel Discords power even faster.
-Was robbed by Sans in a Sexyman Tumblr poll lmao.
wait if we're finally getting bill cipher vs discord does that mean we can get anne vs luz? id be extremally hyped for that
In retrospect I knew that bill chipher will win the death battle the whole time.
Now let's make him fight Superman
bill cypher vs the 1st homunculus would be crazy
While I was rooting for Discord, the result makes sense; in nearly infinite ways their powers were equally matched and impossible to accurately measure but Bill was far more ruthless and that gave him the edge. Perhaps in another round Discord could capitalize on that to fluster Bill enough to make a fatal mistake but that would rely too much on an error on Bill's part not any inherent advantage Discord could have other than a superfluous advantage in manipulation.  Basically if your most likely way to win is to hope your opponent makes a mistake then you are the one at the disadvantage.
Next do antipops vs rob from gumball
Not enough research, Discord should have won Good battle, tho
Naraku (inuyasha) vs kibutsuji (demon slayer)
Bill is the strongest Disney villains
Great way to go out though- got ‘em.  ~_~
Who tf asked for this match up? 🤦‍♂️
I can only imagine what that letter by Fluttershy might’ve read 😂😢
Priest vs warrior nun
Discord may have died, but Bill lost the fight. Legit, just look at their goals. his friends are safe and bill is stuck in his home dimension again. both temporary, but still.
What is schlawg baffling about?
Honestly this battle are so great. The sountrack, the animation, the battle itself and the ending was perfect 🎉
That was  awesome
Is this the highest power death battle we’ve had yet?
I only disagree with this with bill being outsmarted by literal children 🤷 really didn't see all outcomes then probably shouldn't have here when discord could have literally written the script
Bill won but at what cost
i mean does it count if there no death?
Honestly  THIS WORKS!
Bill may of won the fight, discord got the last laugh
Uma coisa que define essa lutar é: "O tempo parou, o significado não significa mais nada, a existência está de cabeça pra baixo e bill reina supremo"
This is the best one yet I think
love the puppet part
The part where Discord ate Bill like a Dorito got me on the floor🤣💀
I find it funny that Bill is repelled by unicorn hair, but here he targets a place full of unicorns
Oh, this one's probably the best we've seen since Saitama vs Popeye. Excellent work, gentlemen.
Discord would have won if he took the battle seriously but he saved his friends thats what was important he lost the fight but won the war
Spoiler:                                               I'm a little lost, how did Discord lose if he got Bill in that dimension? And why couldn't Discord just regenerate himself in the end giving him the win?
It’s interesting to me on how no one really won in the end. Bill may be powerful and won the battle, but discord had more control of the situation, locking him in the nightmare realm again. But hey, this reality is an illusion and the universe is a hologram, so what’s the fun in making sense?
Bro Discord may have lost,but he won in the end, so Chaka up a W
Every time I see combats like this (Raven vs Phoenix comes to mind), the only way I can actually see it ending is that the universe (or multiverse) is destroyed utterly, and maybe one of them wins. In this case, I think neither of them would win. In this very battle, Bill was stuck... and possibly in a place where those chasing him could finally get him. More than that, though, as mentioned in the footnotes, Discord might just regenerate, so  Bill can escape, that, too, is 'eventually'. And at the end of it, they both come back, neither is gone forever, and the battle continues with no winner... ever. Even when there's nothing left to fight over.
Among Us Impostor Bill Cipher 💀😭
Bill’s Message at the end reversed: Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, but gold, byeeee!
Can we stop and take a minute to appreciate the fact that death battle finally used two reality warpers to their fullest potential in creativity and how it's used because every time they bring magic users or reality warpers like Scarlet Witch Raven or Dr Strange and Fate heck even Archie Sonic they don't get creative with their power sets at all boiling down to just flying brakes shooting big black at each other which gets really boring really quickly I get it animation is hard but it's been getting to a point where you have high expectations on the animation potential that becomes disappointing when you actually see it especially on repeated watches so seeing how they went above and beyond to make this fight stand out from others is great and I hope they can continue or approve upon this and future episodes so that we can get more fights like this you know.
Bill won the battle. But Discord won the war.
God I love these kind of death battles!  The puppet segment was a work of art.
Fun fact: Bill is a form of loki, the God of mischief as proven in a Simpsons episode and confirmed by the creator of gravity falls.
I still say the best death battle would be gokai red vs Kamen rider decade
Too bad his precious friends couldn’t save him hahahaha! I will return just to control over what he stole from me muahahaha! Then the pine twins! Doesn’t matter which pair first… but it has to be Dipper and Mable! -Bill Cypher 🎩
About time the cole mcgrath death battle arrived. I've been looking forward to it far a a while.
Finally see the voices behind Wiz & Boomstick.
I watched both, and both characters were perfect... sad on discords death, but man I been waiting for this in years.
YES DISCORD MY BOI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Death battle make a battle of hulk vs Superman and batman vs moon Knight
Discord still getting the last laugh in dead is incredibly therapeutic.
Discord may have lost the battle but he won the war
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war
Please Don't do it alex mercer vs cole
I'd say Bill's Blood Thirst is the biggest difference.  Discord, from what is shown, represents more of a trickster; he's not a ruthless killer.  Bill on the otherhand, he'll go for the win in a heartbeat.
The only reason that I am able to cope with the fact that Discord lost, is the very real possibility that once he reforms, which this episode did clarify as canon and will happen regardless, that he can simply travel back in time again and be with his friends again.  Btw, for anyone who asks, read the black text box at 18:15
This death battle is chaos incarnate! (Pun intended)
Finally! InFamous vs Prototype. I worry for Cole, though I still feel like it won't be as one-sided as people think.
We really need a death battle with Q...
Waiting for the darkest knight vs the iron god...
Dang...This was pretty epic, love the fourth wall breaks in this.  Also, it's about damn time we see the Death Battle between Alex Mercer and Cole MacGrath. I have been wanting to see that since day one.
Anyone know what Bill said backwards at the end of the video? 😂
Low key, I thought Discord won until they outright said that Bill did. I thought Discord got away and left Bill trapped in the nightmare dimension, yknow, one of the few death battles where neither of them technically died. I was thinking to myself, “How did Bill not just catch Discord off guard and erase him?” Then the reveal was made and I had a good laugh at my own confusion.
Considering that Discord didn’t die…I’m calling this a draw. Its called DEATH BATTLE
Just to be clear the results wrong imo because discord would just siphon off bills chaos and id argue bills antifeats are way better but love how my boys not dead just temporary and he trapped that bozo back where he Belongs saving all of ponyville
Yeah, as a huge MLP fan I really didn't see Discord winning this. He's got beat tons, because despite being one of (if not the) most powerful people in the franchise he constantly forgets he's still vulnerable to fairly mundane stuff. Bill on the other hand knows he can be beat, and is a bit more self aware.
With Discord possessing some form of time travel, technically if he ever reforms he can just jump back and continue the fight.   I also don't know if the damage in the dreamscape was spiritual damage.   But honestly it doesn't really matter, in battles between such powerful creatures, it can go either way. But I think Discord was the true winner of this fight, he might have died, but Bill was stopped, and now Equestria just needs to wait until Stanford wins.
Wow they went hard on this one
death battle fact check: Unicorn Hair does not drain magic it Blocks magic Bill could of still had his powers stolen.  But biggest problem tho is fact Discord will keep on existing as long there is Chaos meaning only way for Bill to win is for Bill to erase him self.
To those who don't know what Bill said in reverse it was his speech about buying gold and reality is an illusion
Actually, wouldn't Bill be the loser here?  Since he DID get trapped to the point he couldn't affect anyone unless they made a deal with him?  Whereas Discord - on the other hand - broke free of his petrification and even went to befriend those who had trapped him before (as in Discord can adapt and roll with the punches/learn lessons in friendship, but Bill couldn't since he's too power-hungry)
I can't Believe it, Bill Cipher Won this Round!
Best death battle ever
Never in my life did I expect to be calling anything MLP peak. I am eating so many of my words right now.
Money on bill
Am I the only one who thought bill lost?
Love the deathbattle but the cipher that's on the info screen at 1:40 does anyone know what it means I can't figure it out
What he say in backwards just now. Is it from the show or is it something death battle made up
it was effective, even though bill won, discord had the last laugh, but he still sacrificed himself to save his friends, so definitely 2.the round should be done because it is worth it
I gotta a request Yuu otsaka against anyone of ur choice or the people?
Good fight and video, but I can’t help but feel disappointed.
Bill only won by the rules of Death Battle, but in every other conceivable way he lost. Not only was Bill cut off from Equestria and Discord's friends saved, not only was Bill also reimprisoned in the Nightmare Realm, but Discord TRAPPED HIM IN THE EPISODE CANON ITSELF. That's right: THIS DEATH BATTLE EPISODE IS NOW BILL CIPHER'S PRISON. And Discord will reform himself in a thousand years or so and just time travel back to the moment in time right after he died and everything will be back to normal.   Bill just got the most hollow, Pyrrhic victory in a Death Battle EVER.
Oh hay I called it, cool. The Dorito wins
For some reason this wasn't on my feed.
RIP Discord my guy went out like a GOAT
What if Stanford and dipper and discord team up they would easily win
This is the bigest cap video i saw in my eternal existece since the moment creation was created. Discord could end this fight by changing the whole script like sereslie there is no way discord lose to a freaking walking doritos chips. I might favorising discord and i like bill but in all serious discord would win
If anyone is worried about the Alex Mercer vs Cole MacGrath matchup, don't worry. Crisis did a decently in depth evulation also. So you get a couple takes on the fight.
I think this is probably the most ambitious DeathBattle yet
That goddamn dorito always gets away
I'm so glad mlp just never manages to win.
Bro ain’t goin to lie that match up would be fun but that still wasn’t as fair of a match up as u think it would be for discord
Happy tree friends next
2 warriors with motivation and going head to head to each other. Go out with honor! Cole MacGrath VS. Alex Mercer!
I want a death battle between wiz and boomstick I would love to know who is the superior host
So I'm gonna be the one to ask. What did Bill say at the end of this video?
Has anyone deciphered the backwards words at the end or the phrase in Bill's background?? I'd love to know.
Damnit pinning both of my favorite antagonists together
The entire fight was great, from beginning to end. I especially laughed at the puppet show, with the hand controlling Discord breaking free as the 'kids' screamed in horror. A true mastery over a medium.  I also appreciate how even though Draft Kings was a sponsor, the effort was made to include several resources for those who may struggle with gambling addiction. I've seen them sponsor other channels, but this is the first time I've heard anyone say more than the mandatory "Please play responsibly."
TEAM C I P H E R R R R R
I dont like mlp but i was rooting for discord he may have died but he did something any hero would have done and he earned my respect
Discord straight up roasted Death Battle and Rooster Teeth's animation consistency. Respect.
This was the most funniest death battle I’ve seen, even if bill won discord still found a way to screw him over at the end
Discord became the MVP of this episode even though he lost that is Chad right there.
Bendy was summoned mid fight 💀
Actually, Discord won. He reverted the timeline to BEFORE Bill invaded and trapped him. Therefore the true victor, is Discord. And since he severed the timeline, he still lives as well. So, Bill lost.
Let's all agree, that this was a pretty pyrrhic victory for Bill. 😂 Discord found a way to own him from beyond the grave.
Who voiced whom? The Bill Cipher was INCREDIBLE
Death Battle has made an enemy far greater in power than anyone they could've imagine. 30+ year old men in Rainbow Dash merch.
My buddy brought up an interesting debate. Endeavour/Dabi/Shoto Todoroki (My Hero Academia) vs. Ozai/Azula/Zuko (Avatar the Last Airbender)
Discord had the last laugh XD
They showed Cuphead and Bendy in the rubber hose animation scene. I’m crying in joy. But unfortunately, DB has lost their “getting the victor right” streak. It’s been since Black Adam VS Apocalypse that we’ve had an incorrect episode. But the episode is still one of the best DB’s ever.
Dumb episode. Don't care about these baby ass characters.
Discord lost... but he restored Equestria.
the fact that we have two earth destroying beings fighting on 9/11 is funny to me
Me nerfearon a discord, el sinceramente pudo haber usado algo que bill no tiene y es su debilidad de hecho jaja
Finally a death battle I've wanted Cole vs Alex best line up ever.
Wait. Discord's powers grow, as there is more chaos around him ? Bill Cipher's powers grow, as Weirdmageddon continues ? First of all, what were the odds that those two characters would fight specifically during Weirdmageddon and not at literally any other time ? Second of all, Wouldn't this whole battle make Discord completely unstoppable ? Bill Cipher only gains more power from spending time in Weirdmageddon, but Discord gains more power by being chaotic on his own and by being around the chaos caused by Weirdmageddon. So, each time Bill Cipher's power grows, Discord's power grows even more. Also, if they were to fight outside of Weirdmageddon, only Discord would grow in power. In any case, (Weirdmageddon or not), Bill Cipher's growth in power would either be completely nonexistent or completely insignificant, compared to Discord's growth in power. I saw Gravity Falls a long time ago and I never watched My Little Pony, so I may be missing a lot, but this whole gradient of power thing still seems intriguing enough to wonder who really should have won.
That part where bill reaches into his own eye goes extremely hard. Especially with the sound design and the darkness blood.
Bill says in reveres "reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. Buy gold byeeee."
For a bit, I thought Bill lost, and Discord just sealed him away.
Imagine in a future death battle had discord return to fight Rick Sanchez
This fught gave me CHILLLLLLS
Ohh...really looking forward to the next one  I can't wait to see Alex on deathbattle
Why is the next death battles going to be bendy vs cuphead I saw them in the background when they were fighting as cartoons
Oh, Cole vs Alex is one I suggested.
i feel bad for boomstick everytime a reality warper appears
you know I know this is not the main point episode what can we talk about how this episode have like the most ironic Duo a sponsorship like on one side you have something that may cause Dept and gambling addition and then on the other side you have some of that meant to help with mental issues like gambling addiction
It must be very satisfying for Discord to see that someone cares about him like Fluttershy does.  And about the fight, as long as there is chaos In world, Discord can return, he is a spirit and representation of disorder, they are both immortal, I bet it would be an infinite draw in every fight they fight
I honestly thought discord won at first.
Looking forward to the next battle. My money is on Cole McGrath mainly because the first 2 Infamous games are some of my favorites games of all time. And because I never played Prototype....
I just had a thought to discard. Has almost as level tune force powers?
Finally I have been waiting for this death battle for years
THIS WAS THE BEST EPISODE LIKE OMG!!! IT WAS SO FUN TO SEE DISCORD AND BILL TAMPER AROUND WITH THE ANALYSIS HOLY CRUD!
So is someone gonna tell us what Bill said at the end
"Bill:K.O!" "Discord:hey! that's my line!" So he died,but lived,sounds about right for him
I want a stop motion so bad
The different styles all hitting really make this. Very well done lol
Has anybody solved the ciphers or played what bill said at the end backwards yet?
wait, did bill actually win? bill wouldn't care about killing a single entity. he wanted the universe. discord not only stopped that but brought back everyone, and imprisoned him again. and who's to say discord isn't also still in the pony universe with them after the fact?
-And I must say that almost everything that I have witnessed has been CRINGE! -Magnus what have you done? -It wasn't kek, it was CRINGE, Tzeentch! -FRAGING CUT IT OUT!
As soon as i saw the title, i knew this was going to be psychodelic.
Bill will always win
If this was a crossover it would be the best episode between my little pony and gravity falls
The substantiation scene made me laugh so hard I fell out of my chair
There's something nice about despite winning Discord robbed bill of everything so even in a loss he still won.  It's cathartic, something I'd like to see in more death battles. Like I love the Jak/Daxter vs Rachet/clank one but R.C crashing and killing a bunch of people and J.D getting rightfully pissed and dying  is both OOC for R.C and just a slap in the face of the characters.  This was in character, bombastic, and amazing and very honorable. Bittersweet, I like it.
bill: wanna make a deal?! me: *holds my hand to the screen with a goofy smile*
14:00 I love this moment just a cartoony classic trick
14:50 (look at the background) Seems like they did have that re-match like they said after all, huh?
Somebody translate Bill’s backwards nonsense at the end plz?
Gotta love the constant swap in animation styles.
The irony of Bill's defeat is that he's doomed to defeat himself, over and over, for all eternity. That's right ladies, gentlemen, and creatures with eighty eight different faces, Bill Cipher was reincarnated as none other than Gruncle Stan.
What is the song in the battle ?
Still think discord would of won more often than not But I loved this episode and both characters were displayed perfectly and ended wonderfully. Awesome product death battle, well done.
A rare fight where I wasn't mad who lost, this was a treat to behold!
Another bs outcome that is anti-MLP. Surprise, surprise.
13:26 Chaos
looks like discord won tho idk what you're on about
I'm more of a discord fan but i loved the animation :D
Bill won the fight but discord won the war.
He says “Reality is a hologram, the universe is a hologram, but gold byyyyyye!” At 19:25
Of course death battle would be the thing that gets me to learn about mlp. Great episode.
Artanis of StarCraft Vs the Arbiter of Halo.  Still waiting for a death battle that includes Issac Clark from Dead Space and Commander Shepard from Mass Effect. For my goofy pick I wanna see Louis Griffin Vs Francine Smith. Then I wanna see Stewie vs Rodger.
we need a brock samson VS stan from american dad
I was half-expecting Q to come out of nowhere at the end and set the whole thing straight. But hey, this works too. 😁 Great job on this episode. Beware the Beast With Just One Eye!
I think the next death battle that Bill should be in is   Bill Cipher VS Golb/BettyGolb (Gravity Falls VS Adventure Time)
Imagine Mask, Deadpool, Bill and Discord as a team
That was a really fun episode.  I still want to see Brock Samson from The Venture Bros. in Death Battle. These god-tier characters are fun and all, but Brock would make an excellent character for human-level action. I keep using the official suggestion form to suggest him against Hawk from G.I. Joe, but I could honestly watch him against anyone. C'mon, he's a murder machine that hates guns. He was built for this! :D
So basically while discord lost the fight, he ultimately sealed Bill away for another thousand years.  Heroic self-sacrifice~
0:37 is this the first time they put a "spoiler warning" tag? 1:54 So that's how "the nightmare realm" works in gravity falls' cosmology              4:36 what's "quantum uncertainty " 5:25 Is kinda funny how the axolotl is THE ultimate cosmic being in th gravity falls cosmology, a being even bill prays to 10:29 they did a chowder?! or a 31 minutos?  10:57 gotta love how bill and discord are already fightning in the text
May the best voice actor win!
NGL I straight up misunderstood the ending. I thought Discord Tricked Bill and escaped while Trapping Bill.
hi.
This fight had so many references to previous ones like  Animation changing from saitama vs popeye  Fourth wall was obvious  And remember the fight with all might and might guy the ending was similar but heartwarming
I'll make one hell of a deal with you
FINALLY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Now you guys are just showing off. Damn good animations!
I could have done without fluttershy crying for him.
Discord won, I don't care. Bill might have been declared winner, but he lost in the long run.
Love Death Battle, they are the reason I discovered MLP. Sad Discord lost, but he saved Equestria. Mad respect.
Discord is best pony !!..mans a legend and lets be honest where ever a version of discord exists he would never really die ..bill's death is frankly enedible
This fight was like if Doctor strange versus dr. Fay and Deadpool vs mask fused and this was the result. This was a fantastic episode
I was expecting this fight to end up a draw like the one between Chuck Norris and Segata Sanshiro.
16:12 Can someone explain me how Bill makes a giant of himself and catches Discord while the Red (angry) Bill still there?   And imagine if Bill did that in the show in Stan mind before he dies, would be epic.   Edit: he couldn’t do this in Stan mind because in this fight his psychical body was alright, but in the show his psychical body was turned to stone
imagine being a god chilling in a celestial realm and a portal opens and outcomes a Dorito and a dragon throwing hands throughout different realities
Kengan Ashura Ohma Vs Baki Hanma
A Belmont in a death battle when??
What did Bill say? I don't know how to play video backwards!
YO!!!!! IM HYPED FOR THIS NEXT DEATH BATTLE!!!! WAITED YEARS FOR THIS AND ITS A DAY BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY!!!! HYPED!!!!
@DeathBattle Could I get my 2 battles!😂 Yujiro Hanma vs Fist of the North Star  2nd  Killer Bee of Naruto vs Sesshomaru of Inuyasha🎉🎉🎉
Discord's actual win condition, of course, is that he has friendship and Cypher doesn't... meaning he, unlike Bill, has allies. With, you know, unicorn hair :p
Bill is a literal GOD
The next battle isn’t even remotely fair! It’s pitting a wild live wire against and eldrich gremlin.
I'm honestly surprised that a world of literal magic-casting unicorns weren't more of a barrier against Bill.
The best episode of this season ❤❤
( 19:24) what did he say in reverse?
Did Bill win, or did Disrcord trap him away from the world of ponies.... Sure he can invade other worlds, but Discord saved his friends and isn't that what FiM is all about?
Oh, so you’re just going to throw my childhood at me? I see how it is 😂
Bro went out like an absolute G 😢
Ellie Williams vs Clementine or Lara Croft vs Jill Valentine rematch please
Spoilers    Even if Discord lost the fight, he still won in my eyes... by screwing over Bill!!! 😂
This fight was so fun to watch here I thought the death battles with deadpool we're crazy I also like all the cameos they add to the fight characters from old matchs, video-game characters, and even seeing things from both tv shows I was beginning to think discord was going to win I wish they could have had Popeye and saitama in this fight too that would have been awesome
This was the mist fun battle this season
Wait, since when does Boomstick have a daughter?
Gotta say, this death battle was S tier imo! The animation quality was beautifully executed, one surprise after another, making my face look like this:😲. And I appreciate the bits of Bill and Discord messing with Wiz and Boomstick in their own way, that was a laugh.😄
Omg, yes, Infamous vs Prototype, I always wondered who would win against each other. I have a feeling that Alex might take the cake, but it would be a tough battle for him against Cole 🤔🤔
One little thing I noticed: Couldn’t Discord have just…erased bill from existence? Discord has done it before, and I can’t recall if Bill was ever able to do anything like that
The hand coming out of the puppet while all of the kids screamed was so good. I also liked discord bringing Wiz and Boomstick to the 3d meatspace. All in all, this was a fantastic episode and even though my boy didn't win, you did him justice.
Why was that ending so wholesome?
This was easily one of your more interesting and creative battles.  My favorite was the switch in perspective to show them slamming dolls into each other.  Well done!  As a fan of both shows, I had a feeling Bill would win, but I'm glad Discord got the last laugh.  Also, how can I get that outro/debried song?
Bill won the battle Discord won the war
I think this is the first Death Battle where the actual Winner, still lost in the end.
Bro lost the fight. But absolutely Won the War. What a fkn Chad
This whole episode was a fever dream, and I LOVED IT! Also I think the proper line for the ending of the battle is “Bill may have won the battle, but Discord got the last laugh.”
Can a true Gravity Falls fan please decipher the hidden messages for Bill's breakdown for us? Please? You'll be a hero to so many.
This was unexpectedly incredible! Great episode!
Discord had to lose to win.🥲
Spoilers for the video:                  Bill might've won the battle, but I think it can be agreed Discord won the war
I love the inclusion of that chart at 11:25 listing Thor's speed and how he's gotten faster over the years probably the best joke of the episode, but that doesn't distract that Thor is still slower than Spongebob.
Discord still won the war but lost the battle. This is actually more of a draw if you think about it.
Huh, I figured Discord as the embidiment of chaos would only get stronger the more Bill and Himself dismantled reality.
Worst, episode, ever!  Literally every second was like nails on a chalkboard! I hope I never will have another matchup that I hate as much as this one ever!
Discord went out like a badass, saving his friends, and damning Bill to however long he's going to take this time to get out of the nightmare realm. Also I saw that pool for the next fight... I may not know how much about how the infamous Powers work, but I do know how the Prototype Powers work.  So if you need this, you're free to use it; here's my formula of how it works. You can even research it yourself and add on to it, or just start your own. Although the progression system (for the redlight creatures) is my head cannon, so you can do with that part as you like, implemented, ignore it, Etc.  Here's some things that may help you, in this story and others dealing with the Blacklight and Redlight virus.  Through the fact that the virus can manipulate chemicals, minerals, etc (non-living things) as well as it can living things (albeit just a bit slower) this literally means that those with the blacklight virus can use anything as a source of biomass (just have to break it apart to its basic materials), including but not limited to trees, iron, rock, water, a f****** mountain, etc (basically if the virus can come into physical contact with it, it can consume it).  Also those with the blacklight virus can mess with there DNA and the DNA of others (as long as they have physical contact with them) to a nearly infinit degree (only limited by the available resources). Of course it's better to start out young, because the younger the host/subject the less of a foundation they have. Meaning that there DNA could be altered to make them get the best that they could get from there DNA, and it wouldn't be as hard as it would be with an adult. Via the fact that there body would experience a drastic change (which comes with its own problems), instead of growing into it.  Ohh. And here's the formula on how to know the difference between the Redlight and Blacklight virus:  Redlight makes the infected creatures (brawlers, hunters, etc.) specifically. While Blacklight makes only evolved/runners like Alex Mercer, James Heller, etc.  Also after Alex consumed Elizabeth his virus (Blacklight) gain the ability to produce, and control the Redlight virus (located mainly in the blood, unless host decides to produce it somewhere else. And that is if they decide to still have there body produce it, because like an on/off switch they can turn it off/on. The control part is through the hivemind ability he also gain from Elizabeth Greene).  Here's the evolution of Redlight infected.  There are a few different levels of Redlight infected:  'infected' (normal citizens with the Redlight virus),  'Combat infected' (soldier's, or infected that have evolve to the next stage),  (P.s. All Redlight infected evolve to the next levels by consuming enough biomass, although they can't get it from just any source. It has to be a living source, aka, they eat enough meat, they evolve.  There is another way they can evolve though, which is by grouping togather and becoming one. Depending on the level this can go from needing multiple infected of the same level, to just 2.)  'Vultures' (one of two evolution options that 'Combat infected' can take, they're basically flying infected that look like big infected crows),  'Brawlers' (the other evolution option for 'Combat infected', they're basically tanky soldier's used for both the front lines of battle and patrols to make sure that enemies aren't in your territory, also they hunt in packs),  'Hunters' (evolved from the 'Brawlers' these guys got evey thing they have, but double be it strength, speed, intelligence, etc, so most of the time if there's a group of 'Brawlers' there's a chance that there's a 'Hunter' or 'Hunters' leading them),  'Juggernauts' (evolved from the 'Hunters' these guys are basically the heavy units giving up speed and mobility for strength and defense),  'Hydras' (evolved from the 'Juggernauts' these guys are mostly concealed underground where their body is, the part sticking out is there heads. These guys are basically living artillery, being able to throw things with great force),  'Behemoths' (evolved from the 'Hydras' these guys are the trump cards, they're the last resort (or the answer to when you want a bunch of enemies killed, and there is enough room for them to fit through unless they simply smash through any obstacles infront of it), and their the last stage a Redlight virus creature can reach),  'Alphas' (also known as the special unit these guys are twice as powerful as they would normally be (equally roughly their next stage of evolution), meaning if there is a 'Alpha Brawler' he'll have the power of a 'Hunter', 'Alpha Hunter' the power of a 'Juggernaut' so on and so forth).  Be warned none of these guys like to go alone so they like to be in groups unless it's the 'Behemoths', because they're too big making it hard for them to move in groups.  P.s. Be warned the virus (redlight, then blacklight after Alex consumed Elizabeth) has a conscious, which is why Elizabeth Greene wasn't turned into an infected creature and why she had a mother complex. Then Alex with his whole going evil (which is more like he hit puberty a second time) thing, and James will probably follow.
This is porbably one of the best DB episodes in forever. We had so much mid, Guts dying, and literal one-sided curb stomps that I fell asleep. This was what I needed
What about omi man vs Superman
This wasn't a battle  This was a redemption arc
discord could have won if had gotten unicorn hair from his friends.. he said he "saw bills show" so just time travel back, grab a bit of hair, make a onsie, win. unicorn hair is not rare in discords world.. why not have him use it...?
oh y'all been going off this season.
You know what would've been awesome and completely in character for them? If the Rooster Teeth version and YouTube version had different results.
awesome.
What an amazing ending Bill won the fight but lost the war since you know he is stuck in the nightmare dimension again. Still the animations was amazing one of the best death battles for sure.
Let's be honest, Discord actually won due to his cleverness.
W bill
Bill
Anyone that knows how to translate back masking stuff wanna share what Bill said at the end there?
Since it will not be possible to make a fight between kaneki (tokyo ghoul) vs izumi (parasyte). I demand one between Alice from (Residen Evil) VS Selene  from (Underworld).
Even tho Bill won but Discord still have won cause he still save his would from Bill so his sacrifice was not in vain
Luffy vs naruto please 🙏🏼
18:54 More powerful? I find that debatable personally speaking as both their cosmologies should match, relatively similar to one another here, Both reaching 5D   I’ve heard arguments for both getting higher. I just personally don’t agree with them   Also this changes nothing but it is confirmed MLPs infinite multi verse is also infinite expending through new time lines so every plank instant. There is a new infinity created within MLP   Gravity falls cosmolgy might have that but if so someone please tell me, I don’t remember
The fight I've been waiting to see.
Yo awesome fight
Homer Simpson vs Peter Griffin  Assassin Creed vs Prince of Persia
It doesn't matter who wins because Bobobo beats them both
Finally! I've been wanting to see Cole McGrath and Alex Mercer duke it out for years.
Hey Death battle will you guys make a future death battle about Mario and Luigi, Kirby and Meta knight fighting other characters
Damn Discord really went out laughing at Bill as he screwed him. That's hilarious.
No spoilers but Discord is a g for that
Neat, but I think the reasoning is weak. I don't know much about Gravity Falls, but Bill seemed to me like a very powerful traveler, in much the same vein as Rick Sanchez (if Rick was genocidal and empowered himself rather than rely on "cheap" tricks to make the odds of his death more even), whereas Discord is a deity, and despite when deities are created, they are and always have been in existence regardless of death. Bill reached his demise after following a prophecy, and there's no reason why Discord couldn't have either reset the entire Gravity Falls franchise so that Bill would eventually repeat his past mistakes while Discord watches with the audience in a separate dimension, or if Bill ever figured it out, he could be distracted by a super-secret prophecy. Bill was born in the 2nd Dimension and became the multi-dimensional monster that he is, but he lacks omniscience and he needs direction like prophecies to guide his chaos; Discord is a deity who is both omnipotent and omniscient - he should be capable of giving Bill everything he wants, and in some version he probably does just to see what "Weirdmageddon" is all about, and if it affects his relationship with Fluttershy, Discord can change the genre of "Weirdmageddon" to fit his narrative, like change it to an endless dating sim where Bill must woo one of the Equestrian ponies with his wingman, Discord-sempai.  It stands to reason that Bill followed a prophecy for "Weirdmageddon" to occur, yet Discord already is Weirdmageddon incarnate.
You forgot to mention that as long as chaos exists, Discord will re-manifest inside the chaos realm. Essentially this fight is an eternal stalemate.
Discord should of definitely won
Gods of Chaos. Are there 7 of them? What other 5 are there? 😅 Changing Wiz and Boomstick to their voice actors. Discord did not pay his bill, and Bill Cipher is back in his own dimension. Q: "Welcome to the afterlife, Discord. You're dead!"
The winner lost and the loser won.
Discord will be back
Deathbattle you broke my mind today, were guys a little bit high when making this? Because if so i appluad you fine men and women, good day.
Discord has been shown multiple times to be vulnerable to magic drainage as well as magic nullification, like aura produced by Chrysalis' throne, while Bill has not shown such weakness. We have no reason to believe Bewitching Bell would work on Bill, but we know for a fact it does work on Discord. I love Discord, by I don't see a world in which he would win this fight.
R.i.p to everybody who passed away on 911.
15:32 Ogres and oubliettes, Let’s goo
14:37 vore
This was entirely worth the wait.  And that twist was EPIC!
"BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL!"
13:47 in the end he kept his word, he taught bill a lesson on friendship
I gonna say i like how he said KO
This like is for sock puppet bit.
15:19 This is still one of my favorite lines out of Anything Discords ever said
This is the best Death Battle I have ever and will ever see. The only ones that might even be compared to it are Wally v. Sonic, and Hulk v. Broly.
Probably one of the best death battles I've watched
I love how this mirrors Bill’s defeat in Gravity Falls in a lot of ways. Grunkle Stan sacrifices himself to lock Bill away to protect his family and Discord does the same.
Discord lost the fight, but Bill lost the war X3
Does anyone know what Bill says backwards at the end of the episode??? :)
I’m gonna say Bill. If Discord is easily fooled, I feel like a master manipulator like Bill can “strike a deal” with him. Though I’m also suspecting annoying and intruding fourth wall breaks.  Edit: Not exactly how I expected him to win but called it nonetheless
More Death Battle Ideas: Joe Shimamura/Cyborg 009 vs Kamen Rider Ichigo Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup (The Powerpuff Girls) vs Yin and Yang (Yin Yang Yo!) Ash Ketchum and Pikachu (Pokemon) vs Tom Majors/Maxxor (Chaotic) Skeletor (Masters of the Universe) vs Skeleton King (Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!) Arale Norimaki (Dr. Slump) vs Pucca Kim Possible vs Atomic Betty Harry Potter vs Naruto Uzamaki Shrek vs Wreck-It Ralph Plastic Man vs Mr. Fantastic Chucky (Child's Play) vs Blade (Puppet Master) Rocky Balboa vs Little Mac Anyone agree?
Couldn't discord have just changed the show's rating to prevent himself from ever being "killed"? I would say the FCC kinda has authority over Bill, and if you can't kill Discord, you WILL lose eventually
This episode didn't go as how I expected it to go, but at least it showed Discord do something funny to them at 10:33.
wow, they are finally doing cole vs alex.
Guessed the winner, but the ending was better than I expected. This was a fun one.
Wish I could see bill cypher vs the man in the wall
Called it
Doom slayer vs Dante is all I ask
YES FINALLY I WILL GET TO SEE COLE VS ALEX! been waiting years for that one.
Wow what's the song used in this called?
This was everything I dreamed it would be, and then some!
One of these two looked like a monster but the other is one. 😢 RIP D!$ČørD
This was more fun than any DC vs Marvel or random anime fight. Quintuple Kudos.
I’m never gonna watch mlp but just hearing Discords bio is making me question reality on how a cartoon made for little girls can actually be insane on the characters power scaling
Bill cipher just got to play a roll as he defeated then give to him a hand and make deal
Princess Luna Vs Freddy Krueger
Blue marvel vs Superman????
discord vs spongebob is gonna be wild 💀
Shouldn't Discord's nature as a Spirit of Chaos have made Bill's ability to see the future null? Chaos is unpredictability. Plus we've never seen Discord truly destroyed expect for the fact of him not being chaotic would destroy him. Even then, Accord could've been used alongside Discord since Discord can exist as multiples of himself as we've seen many times. So Bill would have been facing both a Lord of Chaos as well as a Lord of Order. Also, why would Discord stay in a spirit/ghost form if he's aware of Bill's abilities since he's seen the Gravity Falls cartoon? He could've kept his body & still entered Bill's mind or once in Bill's mind just remanifested his body, he can do whatever he wants even if it defies reality or the mind. Was any of this taken into consideration?
Day nine of asking for JCVD vs Steven seagal
The ending to this fight was kind of genius. Since these two combatants are forced to fight until a conclusive death per the format of the show, Bill wins on that front. But the goals and motivations of these two characters exists outside of that format; Bill wanting to conquer the MLP universe and Discord wanting the safety of Fluttershy (and her friends, I guess).   At the higher meta level, Discord beat Bill. It's an excellent sequel to the similarly meta previous death battle, where Silver Surfer and Martian Manhunter questioned why they had to fight to the death despite it being against their nature.
Rip cole
Next episode should be Boomstick vs UI Shaggy
I was rooting for Discord but atleast he got the last laugh. Plus canonically he's still alive and Bill Cipher is dead.
wasn't there something about Discord becoming more powerful with the amount of chaos around him? because I definitely noticed an incomprehensible amount of chaos from the world/worlds around him and from Bill. I'm pretty sure that makes an infinite multiplier for Discords power who's power is basically infinite with slightly higher than average amounts of chaos. 🤔
Bill vs dormamu please
Awsome
For people wondering what Bill Cypher said at the end, he said “Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!”
I’ve been waiting for Alex vs cole since I was in middle school I have a kid now I’m so excited
dimentio vs wilfre PLEASE VOTE FOR THIS
Les gooo
I mean. Did Bill REALLY win? Nah. Not only did Discord get the last laugh, but he also sealed Cipher away again. Man may have lost the battle, but he absolutely won the war.
15:36 i also love checkers
Can anyone decipher what bill said at the end ?
What is that song in the background called?
I would LOVE to see a specific fivesome vs foursome battle... Cole, Kai, Nya, Zane, and Jay from Lego Ninjago VS Aang, Zuko, Kitara, and Toph from ATLA.
So for our gravity falls experts, can you translate the backwards recording at the last few minuets in the video? Does it actually say anything or is it just jibberish and act as a nod to when they did that stuff in the show?
2015 ahh matchup
i was really hoping discord would win
Lum vs Static Shock, please!
This was a great episode
Bill survived; Discord won.
Gravity Falls fans, you know what to do with that message after the victory bit.
Could you imagine if Mxy was thrown in the mix?
Both discords are the exact same
I just bought prototype 1 & 2 in the biohazard bundle yesterday
For someone so smart Bill was  not smart enough to realize that he got manipulated. Yes, Discord lost the fight but did one of the main things he set out to do, stop Weirdmageddon and save his friends. I'd call idlt a pyrrhic victory but Discord will eventually come back while Bill stays trapped (unless someone was dumb enough to make a deal with Bill again).
One of the rare instances of when cute & cuddly character (that's beyond OP) gets beaten by a more "normal" character.
Alright, two tings : 1- This episode swallow every previous MLP episodes on this show combined, chew them, spit them and throw them into the trashcan in term of pure quality. 2- It also make me wants to have Tzeench from Warhammer on one episode, I know it's practicaly impossible, and there is virtualy no chance that this will ever happen, but I can dream.
13:26
"Nothing as silly" is crazy when u had Deadpool on like 3x
One of the best episodes so far yet, I love this channel so much
This really should’ve been the season ender.
Um I’m confused their saying Bill won but didn’t Discord trap him in wis old demention? I’m confused because to me it looked like Discord won this fight am I missing something?
Discord put up a hell of a fight
i'm sure someone's figuring out what was said at the end there, kinda wonder what it is
Not just the animation, but the editing in general is great. Well done, DB.
Bill may have won the fight, but discord made sure to win the war
Cypher hidden in the Video: (In the Presentation of Bill Cypher)  A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG and VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS  could not solve it yet.  Possible Keys: Axolotl weird weird day transform the question demons (last Screen after he won for a frame)
all right, with discord gone... Mister Mxyzptlk, care to provide us with round 2?
...Discord's physical form wasn't destroyed, and nothing could damage his spirit form that we saw.
I think this is my new favorite episode
10:34 discord snaps his fingers.  Ad plays.  YOU MONSTER! HOW COULD YOU!
Heck ya
THe best animation you had next to Omni Man vs Homelander!!!
I was really excited for this battle and this is probably the best battle on the channel
Damn...i lost my bet... I was for sure believing that Discord could win. Hes chaos-incarnate, afterall.  Probably didnt help as im a bit biased aa ive never seen any of Gravity Falls...
Wow, this sucks
Beware the geometry of that which can not stay entertained.
Just realized that Wiz and broomstick are left and right brain
God i love the my little pony animation. By the way. I disagree with the ending. Discord feeds off Chaos. An exist in all dimension.  He cant be destroyed.
More bill pls
Bill's Backwards Message: "Reality is an illusion . The  universe is a hologram. buy gold, bye.
Please bring Gravity Queen, Kat from Gravity rush
okay this is epic
(19:25-19:29).
He sacrifice himself to save everyone rip discord
Discord didn't survive, but he won. He achieved his goal of saving his friends, and trapping Bill. There is no greater victory then self sacrifice, especially for such an otherwise selfish character.
I like that they just went fisticuffs when they know they can alter reality.
Ooo. Bringing back a classic, battle of the two evolving parkour fighters.
Yes, Discord lost the Death Battle, but I think he won the competition. This is the perfect match-up where personality plays the most important role. Bill is ruthless and Discord is carefree, which goes to Discord's goal.  I think Discord went into the fight knowing that he couldn't put Bill down, so he pulls a Data from ST:TNG and just messes with Bill while locking him away so he wouldn't harm anybody else. What an absolute madman.
This is by far the best death battle I’ve ever seen, Even though Bill technically won, Discord didn’t just go out too easily he tried to the best of his ability and put up quite the fight that may as well have ripped across multiple dimensions.   Way to go death battle crew you made a battle that fans of both My Little Pony and Gravity Falls have only dreamed of having and now we have such a pitch perfect fight that just hit all the right notes!!!
This is what happens when u Parallax ur problems they come back to kill u later. Js
I thought we were promised a different opponent for Bill or am I misremembering the post I saw.
Bill recarnated all ready in owl house
Bill won the battle, but lost everything else.Great!
Omg! That's cool!
You sold out
All for the litch to solo
Genuinely one of the best death battle episodes ever. Having the characters have a genuine reason to try to kill each other makes it so much better, Superman vs. Goku is a fun idea but those two characters would never have a reason to kill each other. Also the editing and animation was so good. I hope future death battles take after this one.
🔥 HOMER SIMPSON VS PETER GRIFFIN 🔥
Great episode, cant wait for the 25th to come fast enough.
You can tell the animators had fun with this one, the madness bubble part was great!
I completely disagree that logic and scientific reasoning has any place in a death battle between two gods of chaos.
Infamous versus Prototype. Oh hell yeah! Bring it on!
Genuinely one of your better shows in writing, voicework, animation.  Dear GOD the animation.    Character portrayal. Fun times.
well sorry diocard, fireborn and ultron vs sigma, you have all been dethroned  best episode, best track and best analysis thrones respectively
I called it i knew he would eat bill!
Has anyone been able to decode the scrambled stuff in the analysis written by bill?
What a wild ride. Excellent work everyone!
Superman 1 Million vs Captain Universe Spider-Man
This is the Death Battle I have been waiting for for so long. I always wanted to see these two spirits of chaos go at it. I didn't care who won at the end, but it would make sense that Bill did. Bill is a lot more calculated than Discord, who constantly throws caution to the wind. Love that Discord still screwed Bill in the end, though.
I just had to...  In old Gravity Falls style, Bill Cipher's background had a Vigenere Cipher. "a hdu'b vjxu dmzl kywvrwr lpvxg" when using a passphrase of SEPHIROTH, translates to (I don't even like chicken wings)  Still working on the second cipher.. not certain the passphrase yet..
I am pretty sure Discord isn't dead though cause he literally is chaos. He would just pop back up and pester Bill for all eternity in the Nightmare Realm.
Where's the ballot thing mentioned in the end?
Golb victims🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔊🔊🔊🔊🔊💯💯💯💯
So, would it be safe to say that Bill’s victory was pyrrhic and Discord’s was more complete (or fulfilling)?
1. This battle was amazing 2. Alex vs Cole ( Prototype vs Infamous) is going to be an absolute stomp, but I still wanna see it.
This fight was so evenly matched that it literally just came down to Bill's instinct to take the fight as seriously against an equal opponent. That is just insane to me. This really feels like one of the closest fights that we have seen in death battle.
Do no make a deal. DO NOT MAKE A DEAL!
He-○¥●♡¤♡○¥○♡▪︎♡▪︎♡●£♡○€☆♡○ sorry I think a reality worper changed something
One of the craziest dead battles ever done. And an instant favorite no doubt!
This death battle had no right being as awesome as it was.
This battle was pure insanity 🤣
For the first time in Death Battle, both combatants won and lost. Bill may have won the battle, but it was Discord who had the last laugh.
YESS! We got a good one coming up.
Bill just joined Thanos in the club of characters trapped(seemingly) forever out of conventional reality
Nice the furry died
I want to see Peppino Spaghetti mext please man it be cool
"The combatants are set.  We've run the data through all possibilities!"  Ah, but have you run them through all impossibilities?
I might hate MLP (not just because Rainbow Dash ate Starscream's spark all those years ago, it's mostly the cult) and not care for GF, but this is a matchup long overdue.
I wonder what bill said in backwards? 19:26
Next week, i gotta give it to Mercer on winning
Discord should have won
Amazing death battle! Cant wait to see a death battle with overhaul from mha in it
Finally!  inFAMOUS v. PROTOTYPE  LET'S GET IT!!!   Place those vets gentlemen: Good karma Cole McGrath (Second Son rules out the possibility of him being The Beast in this fight)   Or the all consuming virus blacklight, masquerading as edgelord Alex Mercer?
I have been hoping for this dead battle for a long time, but it's a pity that Discord lost it because Discord is my favorite character from MLP and I know a dead battle idea: the doctor from Doctor Who vs Rick from Rick and Morty
And then Q From Startrek Joins
Never thought I'd see the day Discord would die a hero...  Also, Discord will be back. He's the embodiment of Chaos. Even if you destroy his soul, Chaos lives on. Even the Greek Gods or Titans couldn't beat Chaos.  Chances are, Discord's pony friends will bring him back. So, in the long run, Bill was resealed sooooo... Ya, Discord won. Sucks to be you Bill.
Discord lost the battle but won the war ❤
Wouldn't the more chaos bill cypher created make this code stronger?
I feel like technically while yes discord died he still won as bill is now trapped
anybody able to reverse the message at the end of the video?
Great battle
How’s that for a twist? Both won and lost simultaneously.
An episode sponsored by both Gambling AND Therapy! Now THAT’S Chaos!!!
So, first time reading the comment section on these deathbattle videos.  Wanted to know something and figured if it was a thing then someone would have mentioned it.  I learned that  y'all are some spoiling sunsabiches.  Couldnt go 2 words without finding out who won the deathbattle.   y'all suck.
Great death battle as usual but I gotta ask what happened to unicorn hairs? Y'know, the thing Discord wouldn't have any issue coming by?
Bill and discord are probably My favorite superpowerfull Beings, so seeing Them in a death battle was a whole trip
bill won the battle but discord won the war and got the last laugh but in the end we Shead a tear not so much for his death but from the sadness in fluttershy's voice not knowing the fate of her BFF
14:54 my boys Bendy and Cuphead!!! loved all the easter eggs!
Someone please de-Cypher (heh) that text in Bill's analysis and reverse speech.
That... was... just as insane as I suspected it would be! Kudos on another awesome episode!  Side note: I'm glad they didn't save this one for the finale; I've been hiding MLP references in my comments on every battle this season and was starting to run out 😅 (look for odd capitalization if you're curious).
Anybody got a translation for the ciphers?  I've never had the patience for those.  Also, the reverse message at the end
Damn, Discord is cute :c
I remember on the Death Battle cast they said the winning viewer poll match-ups were stomps. It's interesting to see how close this fight was.
Someone wanna decipher that last bit driew leef em edam tI? sdrawkcab gniklat detrats lliB erehw.  Aw crap⚠️
Well, I'm pissed off Discord lose, but at least he got the last laugh.
"Lil Ol' Me" is my favorite character. Such a great, well written antagonist. _Gideon
On brand. Lost and won.
I'm not sure if it's ironic that such a magnificent fight of chaos requires such careful planning and choreography. And the voice acting, and the sound too! That had impact.
Bill might have won the battle but Discord won the war.
I saw that "get in the jar" in the beginning. There's a My Little Pony character in this video.  I know what you've done, Death Battle...
I wonder if Cap vs Ichigo is going to be a live action match, after Cole vs Mercer.
Bill is at most 11d so he easily claps
This was easily the best Death Battle EVER! In my humble opinion.
I thought Discord won for a sec
19:47, oh man, I've been expecting this Death Battle for like over a decade now.
DB silencing all the haters this season
Guess you can say Bill shoulda gone for the HEAD!!!
What did he say in reverse?
What 😮
This was the craziest animation ive seen
19:18 😂😂😂😂
Discord the site vs bill cipher  is what i thought it said LOL
Whar was the bill backwards speak??
Let us remember how Discord sacrificed himself to sentence Bill Cipher to time-out in the Nightmare Realm like a parent grounding a naughty child when they've seriously misbehaved too much.  Bill Cipher's fate in the aftermath of this fight: YOU ARE GROUNDED. GO BACK TO THE NIGHTMARE REALM. DO NOT PASS GO FOR ANY OTHER DIMENSION, DO NOT COLLECT $200 IN GOLD, OR WHATEVER JOY YOU MIGHT HAVE EXPERIENCED AT WEIRDMAGEDDON.
@16:22 GET OUT PLAYED BILL  discord might not be stronger then you, but he is smarter and unlike you he has something worth protecting his friend.
Probably one of if not my favourite death battle.
Bill cipher:*Looks at the screen like if there's someone behind the screen, watching him and approach to the camera* WANNA MAKE A DEAL?   Hallina sasina:Uhhhhh............. *Looks at the camera and realized that there is the 4th wall* wait, IS THIS THE 4TH WALL?
Cole vs Alex the death battle I been waiting for
6:55 end of sponsor 13:15 end of 2nd sponsor
Discord revealed Wiz is catfish he looks nothing like his animated counterpart 😂
... ... ...debunked...while bill cipher had the upper hand he was just as carefree if not more so as discord who BY THE WAY if you messed with fluttershy he would have had no hesitation in killing you where as bill cipher has no reason to take anyone seriously or has anyone he cares for and there for no reason to fight like like they are a threat...not to mention he has the power to go back in fricken time which is something you both messed up in the ben 10 vs Green lantern fight so you guys obviously don't know how to work with time travel...next time work on the scorce of your information rather then just taking bits and pieces to make your own conclusion...
I love how absolutely everything about the fight’s ending screams “I’ve won but at what cost” for both characters
The animation on this one was absolutely incredible. One of my favorite fights of all time
something i want to say on this since NO ONE has vrought it up yet.  discord was doomed cuase bill possessed wiss and boomstick hates ponies. im not gonna say the track isnt fire and i will say they did great with animation. but yeah rigged match.
Interesting way to end a death battle. Bill Cipher defeats Discord yet still loses by being trapped in the nightmare realm again.
10:38 Whis and BoomStick Live Action Mode😂😂😂
I've got to say, the voice actors for these two freaking nailed it!
Just more anti-Brony bias from Death Battle. -_-
16:59 Another Bill XD
I mean did Discord really lose tho? I  think it's a draw, who knows how long Bill is going to be stuck there again.
I’m sure Discord will be back to clap Fluttershy’s cheeks before brunch.
No.... you have disappointed me. This should have been a death battle between Bill Cipher and the Discord from The Aladdin cartoon. Because My Little Pony sucks.  Sorry but I can't watch this one.
13:57 FIGHT!
they need to know more about my little pony comics
Giving the Infinite Improbable Drive a run for its money I see... XD
16:47 Pain
Even when discord lost, he still won.
This was chaotic, I love it
Man managed t9 save the world with one trick
Bill won the battle, Discord won the war.
Nice way to add your usual "don't forget to like and subscribe!
ok I love how Discord made a reference to Wanda from the House of M comic. "No More Mutants"
While I agree with the outcome, because yes Bill is more cautious and forward thinking than Discord, they certainly sold the Pony Pall short in this one. 1. The Shacktron barrier in Gravity Falls wasn't magic draining. Just Bill Proof. So there's no evidence at all to suggest Bill could resist his powers being stolen. 2. Yes Bill can heal his soul. But so can Doscord. And both would die from total erasure. That's how they defeated Bill in Gravity Falls in the first place. So there's no advantage there. This fight was miles closer than they've made it out to be.
FINALLY.  ALEX MERCER VS COLE MACGRATH.
16:34 Y asi El Mismo Ojo Que Lo Ve  Todo Fue Engañado Por Culpa De Su Arrogancia
Discord lost the battle but he won the war. Bill didn’t gain anything from his one. Awesome battle.
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war
To this day..I'm still waiting on more Gravity Falls
Thanks for the black box mentioning the unicorn hair was just one ingredient needed for a spell that was designed to protect against Bill's power, and not an actual weakness of Bill's. I seriously doubt the unicorns were spared in weirdmageddon just because of their hair lol   So because Bill Cipher can control time and space he can go as fast as he wants? Hmm, what other character has been on that could time and space as much as he wants but was given a limit on his speed and lost due to time travel? 👢
Everytime I hear Bill cypher I think claptrap turned evil
Oh hell yeah this is what I’ve been waiting for a battle between two very powerful chaotic beings awesome stuff!
Incredible fight discord had his own goals in mind. Can't wait for the one battle of the Playstation 3 protagonist.
Death battle please do Erron black vs Boba Fett one of these days
Good animations! But first time I can say this on Western Characters for the next match: WHO?!
Why am I laughing
Saitama vs Popeye has officially been dethroned as the undebatably best Death Battle so far. Wow. I can't wait to show my sister this. Death Battle is really making a comeback
Honestly, i feel like Discord should’ve won. He has way better abilities when it comes to breaking the forth wall. He could’ve literally just rewrote the story to how he wanted it to end. Discord could’ve cloned himself to have one distract Bill while the REAL Discord rewrites the story. Maybe i’m just bias because I grew up on MLP. Still though, amazing work DB ❤️
I think they would be friends than enemies,they both love chaos, and bill cipher has a lot of weird friends, discord woild be his best friend
The outcome is the literal embodiment of "I've won, but at what cost?!"
Man…this battle was…weird >.>
Mfs might be the first ones to sing the battle BGM music while fighting and twisting everything, they even wrote the episode and have a chat across the episode running 💀  What's next? Fusion? A re-match in the future? Swap places with Wiz and Boomstick in a future episode out of nowhere?
Fluttershy is discord's wife and wifu
Darn, I was hoping Discord would win this fight.
The My Little Pony dimension seems like a terrible place for Bill Cipher to invade given that it's literally filled with unicorn hair.
Has anyone found the keys for the ciphers in this ep?
Bill may have won, but Discord had the last laugh, so who really won in the end?  (That was more interesting than I expected for it to end.)
14:36 they really pulled in the meme
Freaking loved this! You guys combined two parts of my childhood I didn't even know could or would go together perfectly on this show!
Not gonna lie. I thought the unicorn hair would be the ultimate weapon.
For some reason, this battle was like Bill fight with Mabel god
This episode was just ridiculous, in a good way. It’s already an instant classic for me. My favourite part was definitely the weirdness bubbles. In Bill Cipher’s preview last week, I said that I hope that they would add those. I’m happy that they provided. Bill and Discord playing with each other like toys was just pure comedy gold. However, the Fluttershy part at the end was just so heartbreaking. I feel bad for her. She deserves the world.😢 But Discord sacrificing himself for her, her friends and Equestria proves he’s not just part goat. He’s 100% G.O.A.T! Stitch vs Rocket had a good run, but Bill vs Discord is now my new favourite for this season. Don’t mess with Disney characters. 10/10 episode.  Really interested on what they do for Cole vs Alex, next time. This fight has been suggested for god knows how long, and hopefully like this episode, the wait will be worth it.
15:16 Peluches?
I'm dissapointed that the ponies escaped. I wanted the Bronies to cry so badly.
10:37 The horror I tell you. THE HORROR!
Okay dudes & dudettes now this turn into a weird Death Battle I even seen between: [Bill Cipher Vs Discord] but the whole thing was down right alright but yet weird and the whole thing was already decided and not to mention the winner was that I already knew that Bill Cipher would win in this Death Battle but I am looking forward to the next Death Battle Episode between: [Cole Macgrath Vs Alex Mercer] so it's going to be: [Infamous Vs Prototype] now that is even more awesome for that one can't wait for that one don't you think so dudes & dudettes.!?¡¿ ♤♡♧◇€£₩¥☆
This was one of the the best death battles made, I would have never expected this matchup to be unforgettable
Can you do bill cypher vs the collectier
19:40
Me gusto mucho la pelea me hizo reír mucho pero en el futuro de ser posible me gustaría ver una pelea entre el Hollow knight y Frisk por que en indi crossovers no le hacen justicia al caballero
Yo bill vs the mask
Esto fue genial un empate.
Poor Fluttershy it makes me wanna cry she lost her friend. And Discord knew there was a high chance of him losing so he left thst note behind just in case he lost.
It makes complete sense that bill wins here First of all discord may be as powerful as bill but doesn't really know when he's actually in danger while bill instantly knows a threat when he sees one and doesn't hesitate to kill them Secondly bill has way more experience as he successfully destroyed his home dimension while discord failed and got turned into stone for a while and when released became friends with the pony's instead of being evil which kind of softened him a bit nearly causing him to die once And while discord tricked bill at the end he's only delayed the inevitable Eventually someone will summon bill for a deal Then bill will trick someone into letting him back into the dimension And then bill will be ready for any tricks
So…discord lost the death battle but won the war?
I would kill to see Joel Miller vs Arthur Morgan.
My GOAT Discord✊
Cole is gonna lose I mean don't get me wrong I played both Infamous games and I'm a massive fan of Cole macgrath but I have to say McGrath doesn't have the tools necessary to beat Alex
I feel like Discord could have won since he seemed capable of teleporting between dimensions without effort.  I think he could have just left Bill stuck in his dimension and left.
Finally Prototype is getting some well deserved love.
Winner  Q from star trek
The only winning move is not to play (games, go for the kill) Discord cannot *not* play the games. Bill apparently can. I've not watched Gravity Falls, and I'm several seasons behind on MLP, but even so, this outcome seems fitting. And really, with one being trapped forever* again, and one probably coming back once more discord and chaos is caused in "his" universe, it could be argued by someone sufficiently salty that neither won this fight :P
Bill always for the win
Givee me master yi vs genji(or yasuo vs genji) pl
Am I the only one who saw Bendy from Bendy and the Ink Machine?
carefree is less problematic then pride. especially if discord knew unicorn hair would do things like he is from ponyville.  like all he had to do was get a ton of shedding poof it on triangle.  discord has no such weakness
Err what was Bill saying there at the end? Should we be worried?
I like how they fought in the 1930s animation tells you they can break any type of animation even old one
It's funny to see them arguing in the stats lmfao 😅
YES! My suggestion got in! Cole VS Mercer!
Well i was wrong honestly this doesn't really surprise me season 10 is not my season only have 4 right guess. Stitch vs Rocket Raccoon Killua vs Misaka  Ant-Man vs Atom And Guts vs Dimitri
*Straight outta Fimfiction*
Music goes hard
Why music slaps?     Also, missed opportunity to us discord (music)
Bill might have won the battle but Discord won the war.
Im pretty damn certain Discord would win
What did he say?
Finally a death battle with a happy ending!
19:49 LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!
This was as good as Popeye v Saitama, and I like that Bill's victory wasn't actually much of a W since he wound up trapped again anyway. Really drives home how evenly matched they were.
as a fan of both shows, I expected discord to win but I'm satisfied with how it ended. The end wasn't brutal but is one of my favorites as essentially Discord won by losing. Hope we get another Death Battle with these two as a rematch incase Gen 5 adds more to Discord's Lore
I'm sad Discord died, but I still think he won... A wonderful episode to be sure! One of my personal favorites
I may not agree with the result all that much, but this episode was an absolute banger Probably one of the best in the whole series Also, a fun fact for those who didn't watch the post-analysis It is said in a black square at the corner that Discord will come back, as the spirit of chaos cannot be erased forever and he will reform one day (it is not applicable to combat because of how much time it takes according to death battle's research) So Discord not only won narratively, but he's likely still alive somewhere, somehow Man this episode is amazing
This is my favorite death battle yet, and I didn't know anything about these characters before watching this episode.
Honestly this was a good episode and should’ve been the season finale. Like with Deadpool vs Pinkie Pie with the 4th wall shenanigans and Popeye vs Saitama with the changing animation styles.  I didn’t understand what happened at the end til I watched the comics, and I gotta say that was a wild killing blow. Even if you can’t kill your opponent you can trap ‘em where they can’t escape and I love endings like that.  This is actually a good matchup and I would like to see more such as these.
Nice hoping discord destroys
Can we get our boy Luffy Tunes (One piece) in a death battle?
Tank Top master vs yujiro Hanma
hmm, for next season: Jackie Chan (Jackie Chan Adventures) vs. Raymundo (Xiaolin Showdown). Bit of a niche matchup but should be fairly even.
Funny Simpson refrence 1:40
Yeah Guys! It's time, I love inFamous! That said, I know little about Alex but I think he is probably stronger. Still will be fun!
First battle i have seen in a WHILE and i poved the battle animation. Great work on that department!!!
Dear god
sponsored by draft king and better help.....yeeeeeesh one causes addiction the other is a waste of money......hard to tell what one is what
Discord absolutely Based way to end a fights Fluttershy calling out for Discord did hurt great fight though Discord protected the mares so that’s a huge W in my book
You know in a alternate ending I like to think that with the power of friendship. The Main 6 brought Discord Back after the fight.
Spoiler!!!                        I'm seeing comments like since Discord put bill back in his dimension at the end, shouldn't he have won? No, the fight was to see who was more powerful and could beat the other, and that was bill, bill destroyed discord. Discord transferring bill back to the nightmare realm didn't beat him, as they had Bill say he can always come back as he did before. Mlp fans stop trying to weasel this into being a tie or won for discord and accept the loss.
Just realized these two been having a comment war in the analysis bit of the vide, that's amazing & fitting for such 4th wall-breakers lol.
*cough cough* Bill was totally reincarnated as King from Owl House🤷‍♂️😅
This was one of the best animated and one of the most creative death battles. Definitely one of my top 5 favorite death battles.
Finally a preview of a fight I genuinely like
Its great how technically Bill won, but Discord felt like the real winner.
10:34 😂❤
This has to be the most epic and ambitious Death Battle I’ve seen😭
This was an insane fight!
So did Discord die sealing Bill into an inescapable existence?
If you consider the capabilities of those who defeated both of these guys in their own stories, Discord has the edge: at least his opponents had magical powers and abilities.  Bill, on the other hand, got beaten by some regular ole humans.  Its interesting that DB decided to boil it down to "winner = whoever is more evil"
Tbh I’m happy Bill won but tbh He kinda won…but at what cost xD
Bill Cypher both Win and Lose the battle, he beat Discord, but still trapped in this "dimension"
Honestly one of the peaks of death battle, letting the loser still win in the end and respecting both characters true nature
I think even though he lost, discord’s the real winner here.
Discord is the true winner here.
so...this is basically a draw
Ridiculous. If he can trap him at the limit of his own death. He can win. Discord got this one
I this the last character from my little pony you’ll ever do but could you at least do another one in the future like starlight glimmer vs ashi just think about it please 🙂
While DB is just entertainment as others & I have stated countless times over, this was a really good episode, no lie! Well put together & really fun all around! Lol
Honestly, this was one of my favorite Death Battles. I've been longing to see Bill Cipher in A Death Battle since first binge- watching Gravity Falls years ago. Although I've never watched My Little Pony, I agree Discord was the right opponent for the yellow triangle. I love how this wasn't a traditional death battle where they just fight and one of them dies. It went from different animation styles to Discord literally sacrificing himself to draw Bill back to his own dimension, saving his friends (well, mostly Fluttershy, but still).
Bro I love how they just keep on playing with each other 😂 and we all probably know that they would probably be friends
The beat is ridiculous 🔥
For those who dont know the  l backward message bill said at the  end was "reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram by gold bye"so that is fitting.
I’m so happy Bill cipher won
Your funding must've been low for this video, to have a 2d flip animation with no lip flaps.
Discord lost the battle but he saved his world god he went out like a boss
Called it
3:07 oh...
I feel this is more like a draw if anything. By the time Bill gets himself free again Discord would have completely reformed, probably even sooner with all the chaos in Bill's dimension
4:10 I figured out the secret message, I wish I hadn’t.
I don't agree with the result, a lot of the things given were wrong.  Bill being able to see that infinite calendoscope just means that he can see SOME versions of himself there while knowing that in total there are infinite, not that he can see all infinite of them at once and therefore has infinite speed. It's so stupid. That was even 2D Bill, meaning that he never showed being that fast in the show, for what that's worth.  Bill was stated to be a threat to the multiverse by Ford twice before he knew he could cause cosmic destruction, so in context he meant his ability to invade dreams and possess others across the multiverse made him a threat, not that he could destroy it. The threat in the show was that he could destroy the universe only (As said many times in the show), and even Blendin (the time travelling guy) went to the future to see the universe having been destroyed by that (Journal 3), meaning that time wasn't destroyed, let alone was the multiverse mentioned.  The rip that was going to destroy the universe was part of Bill's powers, yes, but he grew it over time, there is no reason to say his every attack is as powerful as the end result of it, in fact it's stupid, because 1. it again takes time for that thing to grow, 2. if Bill could make the rip as big as he could he would have done so as that makes his powers grow, and 3. not all his powers are the same, it's stated to be magic by Ford and some powers have limits like needing to make deals. That's like seeing someone creating an attack that builds up power for a week and then it destroys the world, then claim that their every move is as powerful as destroying the world, because they were the ones charging that attack w/ their power you see.  I don't know Discord as well as Bill, but the way you guys saw everything both can do and concluded that they had to be the same (Speed: Doesn't matter, Strength: Universal, possibly Multiversal) comes off as naive and as inexperience to me. Aside from that, it was an ok ep, I respect the rest of the work around.
19:25 Plz someone play this in reverse so I can know what he said
Hah... the more popular character win in death battle, what a surprise
This battle was insane but fascinating with acceptance. Although I was cheering for Discord, I kinda realized Bill would win after seeing those feats. Fluttershy's voice made me heartbroken, but at least Discord's sacrifice has saved his friends and world where he once loved. He may have lost, but still he won. Thank you for the great fight Death Battle, and keep up a great work!  Now for the real question: *CAN THEY BEAT SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS?!*
As a prototype fan, you dont know how glad I am to see SOMETHING related to it these days. Same with infamous
😲 😱 finally Cole V Alex
This was an excellent Death Battle. Bill earned his victory.
Dude who wanted to see this battle discord vs whatever , where is alex mercer or every legendary character but you decided to make a goofy video instead of them
Sure, Bill won the death battle, but Discord did save his home from the demonic alien dorito
Bruh, trapping bill and rewinding time in his dimension should have made a parallel universe clone no? I call this a tie at the very least
No comment.......... it was simply beautiful
Discord in the end embodies the phrase: "I've lost...but in the end I've won."
what did discord say at the end
yo, the song for this death battle was absolute fire, also didn't think they could make a death battle weirder than The Mask v Deadpool, Pinkiepie v Deadpool, Spongebob v Aquaman (that fight was unfair) and Saitama v Popeye, yet here we are
Do Sailor Moon vs Captain America Sailor Mercury vs iron Man Sailor Mars vs Hulk Sailor Jupiter vs Thor Sailor Venus vs Hawkeye Sailor Neptune vs Wasp Sailor Uranus vs Captain Marvel Sailor Galaxia vs Thanos
So what was it so hard to figure out a winner between Bill and Mister Mxyzptlk that they had to go with discord?
So even though I love the battle and am fine with the outcome, I do have a few problems.   1. Bill hasn’t actually damaged or attack a soul. Just minds. ( this wouldn’t change the outcome TBH. ) when they showed him attacking dipper and putting a whole in him they were in the dream scape, which anyone can do anything. Even killing those two guys weren’t actually attacking a soul because they were dreams for Mabel. As such he was just causing a nightmare.   He can pull a “soul” out but not attack or harm it.   2. The memory gun part. He was tricked and memory gunned then revived by Axolotl, if that wasn’t there, bill would probably be fully dead. Mentally anyway as his body is turned to stone. ( another that doesn’t change the outcome. )  3. Weirdmageddon does increase bill’s power but if discord did bring him back to the nightmare realm, then he wouldn’t have that boost anymore. And since discord can do that kind of stuff naturally while bill can barely affect reality unless he has that conduit. Meaning discord SHOULD have a higher amount of power than bill off the bat.   Things I agree with though.   Yeah bill would take advantage of discord’s carefree nature ( even if the clip they showed to represent this was starlight banishing discord back home with no way back outside his spirit. )   I do agree grogar’s bell probably wouldn’t be able to steal all bill’s power. ( but that drop in power could be enough to give him a edge. )   Outside of those the episode is very solid.
besides Stitch and Rocket, this is my favorite death battle this season so far. Also couldn't he just surround himself in unicorn hair or something.
Ill admit, im a bit sad discord lost, and i think they did down play discord abit, but ill let it slide as the way Discord dies is so badass. The fact he technically takes Bill with him is so discord. The final F U to bill. Also i feel in the long run Discord won the war despite losing the battle as seeing as he is the imbodement of Chaos, as long as it exist, Discord will exist in some way.  Infact i would not hold it past Discord for him to forsee his loss to Bill and leaves instructions on how to bring him back in that scroll left next to Fluttershy
Bill: So much for friendship hahaha
2spot studios Bloody bunny vs tf2s spy
niiice
Nice sponsorship team up. After you lose your money playing fantasy sports, call a shrink to help you cope
This might be favorite Death Battle video yet!
Discord got the last laugh
Oh hey I just had a thought. Firstly o loved this episode and wouldn’t change it but I do have a question. It was mentioned the more chaos and havoc in a situation the stronger Discord gets. Wouldn’t fighting someone like Bill especially during weirdmageddon only make him stronger?  And especially since Bill is a chaos monster, wouldn’t that theoretically always keep discord ahead in power?  Kind of like that old Scorpion Vs Ryu episode where being in hell makes Scorpion consistently get stronger   Just thought it was worth a conversation.
To be fair, Bill had more power but arrogance got the best of him get Discord to get the ease on Bill more power with misfortune gain.  They can't call a draw, but Bill goes with anything with what we all saw. It was a rough duel, but it's still a greater success than bill got lucky the 1st time.
It was a nice fight, but one thing I just have to refute is Bill being more powerful than Discord. In the comics, Discord literally hijacked the plot at one point and changed the entire verse into a completely different narrative. That single feat alone, the fact that Discord can just alter the entirety of his reality in whichever way he pleases, is more than anything Bill's ever accomplished.
Welp, that's an easy entry to the top 20. Trippy visuals, decent humor, an intense back-and-forth, and a catchy song.
The best 'infinite power' character fight so far, by far. I do love how MLP manages to continually bring out the absolute best from Death Battle as only the Twilight fight had even a tiny annoying mistake (The usual travel speed doesn't equal combat speed thing), and even then I didn't disagree with the result, that was just annoying to see repeated.
God it touch My soul the sad fluttershy
Wait but if Discord was above any mathematical dimension he was at minimun outerversal. I didnt recall seeing an outer feat for Bill. just 6d to maybe highballing  hyper.
14:53  I see Bendy (Also Cuphead)
12mins..... No more mutants😂😂😂😂😂wanda
Woah, the music and animation in this one are top notch! I was hoping for something this good for some of my favorite characters
Okay. Now we have the setup for the sequel where Fluttershy, in maximum vengeance mode, gets Pinky Pie to contact Deadpool and launch a full invasion of the Nightmare Dimension.
I loved the variety of mediums this went through, especially the puppets! Didn't expect that!
Bill cipher doesn’t have any feats at all
Sad that discord lost but at least he did go out with a bang by saving his friends.
The Battle Of Reality Warpers 💛🤎
Bill may have one because Discord was a bit too cocky, but if any of his loved were threatened ( Fluttershy ), may god help whatever poor soul lays in his path
19:45 LETS GOOOO ALEX MERCER
Wow, you really didn't see that one coming, did ya, Billy boy? Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war.
A completely missed opportunity for Discord to revive in time to join Wiz and Boomstick at the end of the episode and piss Bill off even more.
Now all we need is someone to take time and effort to decode stuff and reverse the end of the video. Edit: The ending reverse is a line from the show: “Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, byeeee!”
I’m glad my boy bill won but holy shiet I didn’t know that discord dude was that strong😨
While I enjoyed the battle, I don't agree with the conclusion. Simply put, I don't believe Bill has the capacity to kill discord.   Discords spirit has only been shown being jeopardized by one thing, being a lack of chaos. With bills very nature being chaos, it would only further empower Discord. As an entity, discords power grows exponentially with the chaos around him. Bills very presence could very well make discord invincible.  Conversely, bill was defeated by mortal inventions, something discord never was.  Shortly put, Discord without a doubt has the capacity to kill bill, but Bill doesn't have the ability to do the same.
LIEN OT ECROF DNA HSURC LL'I KAEW EHT WON  DLEIY EM EDAM THGUAN DROCSID TNAPMAR  EES I LLA SI ELUR I DLROW SIHT  EERF EM TES SAH SEKANS FO GNIK EHT
13:27 - Discordant Deciper.  Note: I just realized if Discord knew Bill was stronger from the start he probably could have sent Bill to his dimension while retreating to his own. However, the only way Discord could win would be if he avoided the fight from the start, and this match shows why.  Also, each pony on display shows their first reaction to meeting Bill. Pinkie Pie is excited to meet a new friend, but when Bill transforms her, the horror of the other ponies can be seen as they met their fates.
This will be a chaotic fight
FINALLY! COLE MGGRATH VS ALEX MERCER!
R.I.P discord we might miss you
Okay that was actually awesome. One of the most interesting battles you've ever done.
The Tick vs the Toxic Avenger  Mighty Mouse vs Underdog  Mr. Incredible vs Strong Man (The Mighty Heroes)
Bill's message at the end: "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a..." and he ends with: "bye". I could not really make out the rest, even when reversing it.
Did anyone else find it funny that better help an draft kings both sponsored this episode. When you realize you have a gambling addict you can just use better help for support
I disagree with the result, but the episode was fantastic nonetheless! :D
Fun fact Bill actually was in the raven vs phoenix episode in the bookcase
😭😭😭
Alright now who REALLY won that?
Welp at least that's as weird as it's gonna get fight wise
where was the sex 3
Oooo this next one is gonna be as hyped for me as the Lich King vs Sauron
Bill won the fight but lost the war. Discord may have lost but he was two steps ahead of Bill the whole time.
*Discord and Bill both lost and won at the same time.*
GOLB vs. Bill Cypher 🔥.
For now the most epic battle! I knew it would be great! Then the scene of the change of style with lots of their puppets. Marvelous! However, I knew Bill would defeat Discord. Although the latter has extraordinary powers, the former is completely evil and unscrupulous. Anyway, for now it's my favorite fight.
Thank you death battle for honoring my request
I still believe that Bill was casted out into our world hence his statue hidden deep within the forest.
What was that last thing that Bull said before the show ended?
"Draft King" "Better Help" Mixed signals much, DB?
Jimmy Neutron (Nickelodeon) VS Dexter (Dexter's Laboratory, Cartoon Network)
Looks like the all the years of waiting for this fight finally payed off, huh guys? I bet all the girls are disapointed for watching their favourite girl show losing to a more boyish show like Gravity Falls.
Plastic Man VS Mr Fantastic
While Prototype vs Infamus is somewhat predictable what will happen, I still can't wait for it.
The Road Rovers vs The Mighty Ducks please.
I give this to discord he did more. Plus Bill can’t get back in to the pony universe.
These death battles are getting stale, I skipped this one to only find another mid death battle coming up. Lame
One of the few fights where a draw would've been 100% understandable. This was a great watch, and I cant wait for the Cole vs Alex fight. That's been a debate for EONS!
Discord really said "no more mutants"
Discord will be back again someday
Bill has destroyed an entire universe and you're putting him up against the insane dragon
"Never seen any as silly as these two" Me:side eyes Pinky vs. Deadpool
Tv Cartoons are for the weak anime is better
Anyone know what Bill said at the end? Don’t have the means to play it in reverse so I’m not sure.
Anyone know what the backwards message Bill said at the end was?
Aptom vs Cell and Hellsing Alucard vs Vampire hunter D
This was one of the best looking death battles of all time!
I love this channel!
"Discord lost because he was more likely to goof off while Bill would be going for the kill first" ... Except Discord is canonically aware of Gravity Falls and Bill Cipher's power? So if anything, the complete opposite should be true; Discord would be serious from the start and Bill would have absolutely no idea who this goat-headed pony-dragon is or why he's supposed to take him seriously. Still an 11/10 animation though.
Who else thought Discord won initially?
The end makes me sad. I wish discord won but the end fits how discord would act canonically. Saving his friends from further harm
My boy Discord lost the battle but won the war.. respect.. MLP Forever..
Kind of upset about this death battle honestly I really thought Discord would win
Bill Chiper won the fight but Discord saved the ponys and at the end discord laughed before he dies. Love this and thanks death battle😍
Bill may have won the battle, but, in the end, Discord won the war.
Did everyone notice there bendy and Cuphead in cartoon world
Discord lose to sideways from transformers sideways never dies!!
The bloopers will be interesting for this one
when are we getting skyrim vs starfield?
Does anyone know what the reverse message at the end says?
Wait. Reincarnated... ohmygodd,  KING!         Maybe.
I'm trying to figure out, did they actually animate Bill into all of those previous episodes?
Got three seconds into the Bill Cipher section before deciding to watch Gravity Falls again. Such a good show
This is the best chaotic episode I’ve ever seen the music fits for the matchup which makes it dope and animation looks pretty good to either way I knew bill cipher would win this matchup
16:06 "I'm an all-seeing GOD!"  chills
Can we all appreciate how much effort DB puts into portraying their combatants faithfully?
they had so much fun making ts
Well... I guess this one GOTTA take the cake for my favorite Death Battle to date. It just hits _all_ the right spots to me.
Weirdmageddon Canterlot was an awesome setting for the fight.
Finaly prototype v infamous. My money's on proto
Bill is 11d meaning that the same way you couldn’t be defeated by a drawing Discord couldn’t beat Bill
I think this was the most satisfying end for the loser.
Can we pls have akuma vs yujiro hanma
One of the best episodes yet!
19:21
To answer everybody's question on whether or not Discord is dead or not, it says it in the episode. "As the spirit of chaos, Discord may one day reform, as Cosmos implied he cannot be destroyed forever due to embodying malice. However, their return would take time, and there is no proof Discord can return from spiritual destruction fast enough to resume the fight." This means that even with his spirit being destroyed, he can still come back. However, it's unclear how long it might take.
Hey, isosco-loser! Know what else is pyramid-shaped? *opening chords of Sorairo Days intensify*
Dat boy Discord got the real final laugh here; a true king of Chaos. 🥺  ...hey, if the Elements of Harmony are strong enough to seal a Discordian, couldn't they actually revive one as well??🤔🤔😏
Eh, I think Discord won via self sacrifice.  He stopped Bill, even though it cost him his life in the process.
I hear by give Bill permission to enter our world again just so he can fight in this show again.
Anyone else know which cipher to use to translate that gobbldeygook? EDIT 9/27/23 OK I AM DUMB. The first one (A hdu’b vjxu dmzl kywvrwr lpvxg) is translated through a Vignère cipher as "I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHICKEN WINGS" if you use the keycode SEPHIROTH. Crossover Colosseum did an episode where Bill fought Sephiroth, and he called him "Chicken Wing" because of... the one wing. The other is "vovevm wvva mfgh szs", which run through an Atbash cipher reads "ELEVEN DEEZ NUTS HAH" For the music track, the title in the credits "jpavhojfskypld" but put it backwards through a Caesar cipher and it reads "WEIRDLYCHAOTIC" There is a point in the song where it says, backwards, "Why are you listening to this part backwards? Don't tell me you're some kind of tinfoiler. You do know the song doesn't decide who wins, right?" And the final backwards message at the end of the episode: "REALITY IS AN ILLUSION, THE UNIVERSE IS A HOLOGRAM, BUY GOLD, BYEEEEE!" Just finished the series today for the first time in my life, btw. Good stuff.
i really want to know what those jumble word feats and info mean
I love the music in this episode.
What did BIll say in reverse at the end?
I feel like this is the best death battle yet so cool !!!
Although I can understand how Bill won, I'm not quite sure about it. Because, while yes Bill can affect spirits, and Discord can disappear if he isn't careful, he's also the personification of chaos. As long as he's making chaos, he gains power. So in a fight with Bill during Weirdmageddon, there'd be more than enough chaos to fuel Discord's power.  (also it's unknown just how old Discord is, because he was around long before Celestia and Luna came to seal him away)
Does anyone know what Bill said at the end?
wow what's this ? picking an old popular match thats us Milennial would watch ? Death Battle definitely forgot to make them in the past, I'll take its tho doing its this way make these characters more memorable
I’ll find my comment… but if y’all listening to us I’ve been saying infamous vs prototype for YEARS !!!!! I have a new one too. Battle beast vs doomsday
I’m happy bill won but I also love discord in my eyes it’s a perfect tie 🤝
I realy don't think that bill cypher isn't evel he is heart broken for his home destruction and he is full of regret and trying to cover it
Next DB will be epic! Been wanting this for YEARS 🎉
Death battle’s really gonna have to make Alex vs Cole something amazing to even have a chance to follow up this fight.
I kinda liked the weird dragon.
For some odd reason,I feel discord won,a fight isn't settled for who dies first,it's settled for who truly won and gained the last laugh
Kolaid man vs macho man randy savage in the background as well and bendy vs cuphead future episodes maybe?? Lol
In conclusion, F*$c you, Cipher.
Broomstick having a daughter is an eventuality I never could have foreseen.
This is one of the best death battle sequences.
What other GF fan got scared that the battle would end when bill got eaten
I have waited for over 10 years to see Cole McGrath vs Alex Mercer this is going to be glorious
He may have lost the battle, but he won the war--and our hearts!
Creators make a deal witch bill for make this video😮
This is one of the few times where I genuinely didn’t know who won the fight until they explained it.
screwattack
Bill may have won the fight. But Discord won the war. He put Bill back in his place. And saved the world. Rest in peace my friend. 😢
Bill Cipher won the short term (Death Battle) Discord won the long term (trapped Cipher and forever closes Equestria off from the golden Dorito)
Bill won but at what cost
Oooo Sans was mentioned in Bill Cipher's background. Confirmed Sans is coming back for another DB.
Bill isnt 2d he’s pretty much the opposite since he can destroy the second dimension
Honestly Discord's whole goal was to make Bill suffer by trapping him even though he knew he would lose.  All to protect Fluttershy.
Mr fantastic vs luffy
REAL PEAK DEATH BATTLE
It honestly broke my heart to see Fluttershy call out for Discord at the end.  Bill may have won the battle, but at least Discord saved his friends.
One of the best Yet!!!!
Yknow if I didn't know today that Discord was a MLP Character, I would've assumed Bill was going up against the app itself.
Wiz and broomstick are so remarkably strong to the point where they can weaken goku enough to the point where he loses to Superman.
Discord wasn't in it to win, he was in it to twart Bill. Mission accomplished.
Anyone got anything for that first encryption at 1:37?
"Lock the doors and close the blinds we're going for a ride." Vs "...are we your prey alone or are we just a stepping stone for taking back the thone?"  Sorry, just felt like a sip of cringe.
Technically discord won since he saved his friends and was also able to seal bill back into the nightmare realm
This fight pretty much sums up the phrase, "I may not win, but you still lose."
So in some way they both won and lost. Discord is dead and Bill was lured back to his decaying dimension. But I think that ponies will meet him again. Don't know where don't know when, but they will meet him again some sunny day.
Did anyone else see both bendy and cuphead in the old cartoon bubble bill and discord went in
I'm pretty sure if Discord died, John D would show up and Thanos snap Bill out of existance. All hail Q !
This might of become my favourite death battle this is awesome! Even though Discord lost he still saved his friends and got the last laugh.
Where is this Champion discord?
I was going for Discord but when they said Bill has power over souls I new it was over for him. Rest in peace until you inevitably come back.
Baki vs tokita ohma (baki vs kengen ashura)
I think next season should have Clive Rosfield (FF16) fighting against somebody. Not sure who yet
Alex vs Cole is the fight I've been waiting for my whole life
Lets pay All Respect For Discord 🤎😔🫶
They had fun with this fight.
Ah, extra-mindfucky this episode. Wonderful.
Ngl I was expecting Discord to win.. or for both of them to break the 4th wall and team up 🤔  But this is a surprise
Atom Eve vs any green lantern
Even though I was going for discord I had feeling that Bill cipher was going to win. Also pretty excited for the next fight.
Oh look blessed ignorance at the bottom of this can.  -Broomstick 2023
It warms my heart that Boomstick said that Fluttershy is best pony. She's my favorite of the Mane 6.
I don’t ever comment on Youtube videos but you have outdone yourselves on this one, DB. I love how you can just see the passion and the love for creativity right in the work they put out. Again, amazing stuff! Keep it coming!
….fair enough
Homer Simpson vs Peter Griffin would be cool to see one day.
Battle of Ronin Clint barten vs micalangalo? (Marvel)vs(TMNT)
Spoiler Alert:  I still fell somewhat pleased with this, Bill may have won the Battle, but Discord definitely won the war.  All of Discord’s friends are safe from harm and Bill is trapped for who knows how long.
Discord didn't lose, technically.  He accomplished his goal and saved his universe, as well as locked up Bill.  Discord may have died in this DB, but Bill is sealed away from ever being able to harm anyone from Discord's reality ever again.  The winner, is Discord.
At last it should be tie
19:25 for anyone wondering the backwards message is: REALITY IS AN ILLUSION THE UNIVERSE IS A HOLOGRAM BUY GOLD BYEEEEE!
"Fluttershy is best pony" That brings me back to my brony days. Good times
So, when we seeing Belos v Andrias? XD
Love when they do reality warping characters. Really adds a lot of imagination to the fight (and the animations too!)
First to not be first but say first
Tai Lung and Skeletor appear on Wiz's board at 0:58.  Potential combatants for this season??
19:25 What did he say?   (Also, for October, do you think you could do Freddy Kruger vs. Pennywise?)
Macgrath vs Mercer... Finaly, I have been waiting for this DB for YEARS!
We need Black Hat from Villainous. He's also a powerfull cartoon Charachter,like very powerfull. So we need him aswell.
A HDUB VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG  VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS  Anyone know what this say?
On the 23rd of September it's my birthday Let's gooooo  😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Someone mind telling me the animator?
Nice battle
Can we get a SpongeBob vs the mask death battle
Bill Cipher won the battle, but Discord won the war. I never thought that a character's defeat can somehow be turned into a victory, situation-wise.
NO WAY GREEN DAY AMERICAN IDIOT REFERENCE
Bill may won the battle, but Discord won the war
Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram  ?Bye Goes Bye?  - Bill Cypher
Do you know what would be funny, If they both watched my little pony for a whole week to get this lore
backwards Bill speech at the end: "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye"
Over all pretty good fight. Never mess with a God as old as the big bang or he will warp your soul inside out.
I appreciate the Kool Aid Man versus Slim Jim Randy Savage easter egg. If only Cuphead, Mugman, that flora boss and Flowey were in the next scene.
Love idea the fact that Rarity, Rainbow Dash, and Pinkie were told to smile/look cool before being turned into banner  where Fluttershy and Twilight understood the threat.   If nothing else this was made with respect to both series by the animator.
The ending confused me a bit - I thought Discord just teleported away after trapping Bill until the end of the fight analysis, lol.
Nice man! I have a question. Do you take suggestions for death battles?
Happy with any final outcome, as long as it got *weird*
O sea basicamente si discord se tomaba en serio la pelea ganaba .
IT’S A DEAL
Spoiler: . . . . . . . I think it's fair to say that although Cipher may have killed Discord, Discord won.
FINALLY. Cole vs Alex.
I call bad ruling. Discord got the last laugh.
Bro, discord referencing the dnd episode(s) was top notch
Bill won the battle, but lost the war
Discord will be back, he already paid the animator to do that.
Naruto versus Anakin Skywalker
Next time I wanna see hit from dragon ball super vs naji from Naruto Shippuden
Discord absolutely lost the fight, but he succeeded in his OBJECTIVE  Discord saved his friends  Even still, I’m glad Bill won the FIGHT, since that’s kinda why I was here in the first place
Can you please do Nero from dmc vs Muzan Jackson from Demon slayer
I disagree with the outcome but love how it played out.  Q certainly should have stepped in at some point lol
There’s the death battle I’ve been waiting for, just another two weeks!!!
Discord lost the fight but he sure fucked with bill  Edit: for who is trying to understand this result, discord lost the " death battle" but he got his universe together again, also discord can form from chaos, which means that he can come back from this fight, discord lost the fight, but he drew bill away from his universe, in this case, in this case of battle to the death, discord lost because he " died" but still don't mean that he is really dead, but yeah still, bill cipher won this one
I anticipated the victor, but not the ending. Bravo.
Sponsored by Draft kings and Better help... that feels like a subtle two for one deal
I don't know sure. Bill cipher "won" by killing Discord, but I feel like Discord won overall teleporting cipher to his original universe. Loved the fight overall
***Yujiro vs Heihachi***
I kind of want to know the exact process that led to the puppet show part.
Spoiler:      Even if Discord can come back even after losing like that, he still lost because, well, he died
I enjoyed watching this episode! I think both characters were portrayed accurately enough. Great job. 🌟
F U CIPHER!!!😡😠👿
Masterpiece
Yo this was a whole other level of crazy and unexpected. The ending was so perfect
for anyone wo is thinking about cracking the codes on scren the first ist vigenere and the second is atbash but seriuosly it's bill so they will be only jokes or cruel revaletions about our physical existance  so ye probably better just to rewatch the video   and for those that are lazy:  don't Even like chicken Wings eleven deez nutz hah
The animation here was, for lack of better words. Phenomal. Super fun and really captured the essence of omnidimensional beings.
I'mma call that one a draw cause Bill got fucked over.
Anybody have a clue what Bill said near the end?
Anyone know what those scrambled words say? Is it a hidden message or is it just them messing with us?
Discord doesn’t lack feats beyond Regeneration because he has reverted from Stone before (while not the 1st time, he did escape Petrification). Bills feat of destroying the 11th Dimension doesn’t make 11D, that just makes him Universal. 11D is where you can destroy everything up to the 11th Dimension (just saying that incase People wanna Wank Bill). Besides, Discords only confirmed weakness is Friendship Magic, while Bills is being erased in Someone’s mind. Discord can warp Bill into Someone’s mind and instantly erase it while Bill is in there.
I'm just glad Rainbow Dash and everyone are safe I wanted Discord to brutally destroy Bill once i saw what he did but Discord the legend saved everyone and trapped Bill and he'll come back eventually
snap of the fingers. lololol id pay attention more to those dreams yall having before yall make him mad.
Discord may have died but he protected those he loved and denied bill of his ultimate victory, now that’s a win in my book.
"I know how you die" that's actually cold
Damn, I can't believe a tortilla chip defeated a social media app
please Sailor Moon vs Goku
PROTOTYPE VS INFAMOUS OH MY GOD!!!!!! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT AFTER ALL THIS YEARS!!!! I SUGGESTED THE MATCH SINCE 2014!!!!!!! ITS BEEN ALMOST 10 YEAR!!!!!!
This episode was without a doubt worth the wait. It is legitimately my favorite episode in this season so far. I felt the two characters were portrayed very well and treated with the respect they deserve. This is a great example of what a Death Battle episode should be, you can get a good grip of the characters' personalities, the research is precise and accurate, the match is actually debatable, the death scene respects both characters, the animation feels accurate to how they'd actually act, the fight is well choreographed and makes good use of their abilities, it is just overall great.
Did they get Alex to voice Bill here?
Dont mind me just hopping on the bandwagon of praising this episode for what qas almkst a tied ending having discord succeed in trapping bill before dying
Can someone please tell me if there is a source that it was Spike making a deal with Bill that started Weirdmageddon? Someone said it and I want to see the source please.
19:25 what is he saying
Discord may have lost the fight... But he definetly won the "war" against Bill. A moment of silence for a truly Chaotic Neutral being who in the end made the ultimate sacrifice to safe those he cared for.
What did Bill say at the end i now that He speaks backwords but can someone translate for me?
7:41 wow he lost a drinking compation to sideways
I think this is the only time the winner also loses Also here a funny alternative ending for if discord one bill does his reincarnation chant and at the end it revealed he reincarnated into Fluttershy
Even if you disagree with the results this will always be one of the best episodes
In the end, Bill may laugh maniacally but Discord had the last laugh
Went out like a boss. Love how the endings now feel more emotional
19:21 best threat: LET ME OUT OR IL EAT YOUR DREAMS
When I first saw Bill Cypher, I pictured a booming, distorted voice for a Chaos God. I was a little disappointed when I heard his slick, car-salesman like voice. But with time I've warmed a lot to it. It was harder for them to make a villain who didn't sound menacing, menacing.
an interesting battle would have been to se mr mxyzptlk fight against one of these two
One day they'll have a Fate character fight. One day.
Discord could care less about the battle. As long as Fluttershy was safe, that’s all he cares about. He knew he couldn’t beat Bill that’s why he was writing a letter not to Celestia but to Fluttershy saying he Sacrificed himself to save her. Which would also explain why Fluttershy was calling out to discord when they were free hoping he was okay… but as we all know. This has truly been the most Heroic thing Discord has done
Let’s take a moment a appreciate that we were able to vote this into existence… Alex FTW
Bill: "So Discord.. Gonna try and save all the Ponies?" Discord: *PFFT* "Nah, I'm only here for Fluttershy. Although if she woke up and saw the others as a DIY chair project.... that would just break her little heart, and we can't have that now, can we?  *SIGHS*  So for Fluttershys sake...... I'm Rescuing all the Ponies.
Discord may have lost but he "won"
this animation.... god tier
This was freaking epic !
Discord sacrifices his SOUL for fluttershy and the rest of the mane 6 😢😢😢😢😢 he truly is a best noble friend😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🥺😭
So if I’m understanding correctly at least based on the animation and dialogue bill didn’t kill discord but instead discord used his power to resurrect all of equestria and trap bill back in the nightmare realm somehow without bill noticing but because discord betrayed his true nature that caused his death
I would still say discord beats bill ,tehnically discord won because bill was sent back to square one, because against bill he's immposible to stop do to bill being semi reliant on chaos as well ,since it literly is part of the concept that is the entety of bill from my understanding, so it would honestly turn into a will fight which either ends with bill somehow not being relient on chaos or anything that would fuel discord or in discord beating bill because he takes him seriosly which I find more plausable since discord seems more unbound powerwise by anything then bill. But the fight and song were too good to make me not like the episode. I honestly am dissapointed discord lost because pure chaos "I'm so bored I'll create chaos to entertain myself" characters are my favorite. That and because i watched mlp despite being a guy.
Bill Cipher VS The Mask..... I'll wait ;)
That was so I’m character for Discord. Hurts to be 1:3 as a brony tho… 😂
16:35 to 16:41. Ok. I don't even like My Little pony. In fact I really hate it. But even I can't feel some form of sympathy for Fluttershy. Looking for Discord looking sad. I can't help but feel really bad and sad for her.  Side note. I was rooting for the magical dorito. And I am happy he won.
1:36 - 1:37 oop my bad, I'm the one who killed Discord. 13:31 anyway since I apologized can someone get my out of here?
The important lesson about friendship was : self-sacrifice. Touching!  Great battle 😁
The pentagram in the DB cipher is Bendy vs Cuphead
YALL ARE FINALLY DOING COLE VS MERCER. WEVE WANTED THIS FOR YEEEEAAARRRRSSS
I thought of an AWESOME matchup!  Pickle Rick (Rick and Morty) vs Mr Pickles vs Pickle (Baki Hanma)  I call it: THE TRIPLE PICKLE BATTLE ROYALE!!!
I feel like Discord should win. He has much more power/abilities and is more powerful.
I have a death battle request I've been debating this with not just 12 of my other friends including my 13 other brothers and sisters because we all watched death battle who would win in a fight between scp-001 the Scarlet King or the abyss from Marvel Comics and if you get let me know
Bill proved he can destroy Discord faster than Skype
Dio: Who gives a *F U C K* about deals!? (ZA WARUDO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) (Kills Bill)
I actually think Bill was reincarnated as Stanley pines, the eye patch the mannerisms the phrases, it fits, and poetic that his ultimate act of redemption was destroying his old self
Bill breaking the 4th was crazy. This death battle is def in my top 5.
Discord may have lost the battle, but he made sure Bill lost EVERYTHING. Respect Discord, respect.
Discord is just the average discord mod
If Discord could banish Malice, someone as strong as him, then he should be able to banish Bill.
Poor Fluttershy at the end ;-; absolutely heart wrenching and it got me :( Discord lost the battle but won the war trapping bill
I should also point out that using the whole discord being erased by becoming orderly scenario is countered by a storyline in the comics where he simply instead of fading away shifts to an alternate personality who's more interested in enforcing order than in enforcing chaos.  Because really why would he ever do the same trick twice?    Not to mention if they really were in ciphers nightmare realm there was more than enough chaos to sustain discord simply changing his form again ...putting on a light show and then quietly bringing himself back together somewhere else as discord can leave the nightmare realm whenever he bloody well wants.  The ponies are safe ,cipher is locked away, cupcakes for everybody.
I wonder what’s written in that letter?
Satan: Alright Wiz and Boomstick, here's another Death Battle idea that you can try. Try to see this: Freeza vs. Mewtwo. No?
I got a great 3 way battle.  Reed Richards (Mr. Fantastic) vs. Plastic Man (DC) vs. Monkey D. Luffy (One Piece)
One of the main reasons Bill won was because of his more ruthless nature, so it leaves all the more wonder how powerful Discord would be if he stopped messing around and was as ruthless as Bill.  Regardless, I kind of expected Bill to win considering what we know of the powers he's shown to have vs. The powers discord's shown. Despite it all, Discord may have lost the battle, but won the war.  Now we wait for Discord to reform, Bill to escape... and watch it all over again
One of the bests death battles yet I'm not done but it's funny as hell
Best part about this battle. No calcs. Only their abilities, weaknesses and characters. actually a 10/10 battle. I expect nothing less from Bill!
I adore how their deaths, Bill’s in his own show and Discord’s in this death battle, show their true natures. Discord died a noble death because he’d learned to care more about the world and Fluttershy than he did about himself. Meanwhile, Bill died begging and desperately trying to make a deal. He only cared about himself, so when he died, there was no solice. Only the terror of perishing after existing for over a trillion years. He went out kicking and screaming with no dignity.
17:57 - It does not. If anything, he'll just move on to another concept entirely aside from chaos. Remember Accord?
Okay, that ending is legit going to make me cry, hearing Fluttershy like that.   Even if Discord will eventually be reformed after the battle, my poor heart.  He put up a good fight, though. Between two shows I liked watching, sheesh...  Good battle, DB
Plot twist: Bill killed Discord not because of the trolling but because he called his hat stupid in the track
Best Death Battle Yet
3:10 Wiz f🤬ked up...
You can argue that both sides won AND lost.  Bill won the fight but is now stuck in Wiz and Boomstick’s screen.  Discord saved his friends but faded into nothingness as a result.
What happen to discord getting fuel by chaos because is an entity(bill) that make it ?
Huh, I have no words.
fight music link?
Death battle head honchos are BRONIES ?!?!???
DARN IT! DARN IT! DARN IT! HOW COULD MY BOY LOSE?!
So, this battle came down too Bill winning the battle, losing the war.
Even then, assuming Discord reforms, they can do the time travel thing again and undo it all, with the notable exception of Bill having been sealed
That ending was weird.  Question though, didn't a long time ago early on in DB it was mentioned that getting sealed counted as a loss?  Still hilarious that Discord fucked Bill over while sacrificing himself.  Speaking of, didn't Discord return in G5?
Man i was praying it would be alex versus delson rowe. A fight ive wanted forever. So close yet so far..
GANDALF vs DUMBELDORE
I really liked this one
This was the most fun to watch and funniest.
Wait! Bill won???
Yo BENDY??? Would love to see him in a future death battle if possible :)
the animation budget for this one must've been insane
The ultimate sacrifice
Discord may be gone for now, but he'll be back. And, so long as no one else makes a deal with him, Bill WON'T. Bill may have won the immediate Death Battle, but Discord won overall.
I still like discord
Yall keep talking bout dreams. Prepare to have more of them since yall cant follow directions. idiots
BTW The end is reverse text translated to "Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold bye!"
I really hope the creator of Gravity Falls and MLP see this. Especially the real life puppet show part. Thank you, Death Battle for brightening my day.
Yup......this ended EXACTLY how i thought it would and the signs for it were slightly obvious. Bill Cypher, a character known for many things and that has been known to symbolize the Illuminati (An extraordinarily powerful, wealthy and hidden society/organization said to control just about literally every aspect of our world) appearing in a DeathBattle on the anniversary of September 11 (one of the greatest tragedies in America's recorded history aside from Jan 6th).  Yeah......lets just say, symbolically, the stars had aligned in Bill's favor. Poor Fluttershy; But at least Discord went out like a hero and got the last laugh.
Cole vs Alex arrived a little too late... Both franchises are long dead
Wow, this is easily one of my new favorite DB episodes for sure, incredible writing and voice acting
One day they will do Dexter vs Jimmy neutron
He is the lord of chaos yes. But will always be a hero to equestria.
did yall get new editors or are the editors just playing around in this video? either way, lookin good.
This episode got allot of chuckles from me.. The crazy amount of power these two characters posses make this battle a toss up.. The fight itself was fun and the end was wholesome.. Discords sacrifice and Bills arrogance..
Come on guys! Do England 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 vs USA🇺🇸! Her majesties secret service vs control! Maxwell smart secret agent 86 of control vs sir. Johnny English of her majesty’s secret service. They’re both on the side of good; lets make it KAOS sets them up for a death battle with their gear and wit. Who’s more likely to come out on top?
Called it... Discord being... carefree... would kill him
Bill and Discord are both full of chaos. This battle was so epic 🔥🔥🔥🤣🤣🤣
By far one of the most entertaining death battles yet. Keep up the great work!
Can someone tell me what Bill said in reverse at the very end?
Discord saved everyone while screwing Bill over
Hey, I have another idea for a Death Battle. The Owl House's Collector vs. Trigon.
Bro freaking cartoon fight club business years ago and they beat y’all to it! Go choke on your own diarrhea!
This must’ve been the most expensive animation in death battle history.
this fight was so MUCH fun to watch
18:10  To the box at top, discord's opposite and equal ( shown to hold similar reality warping when showing the young 6 their fears) the tree of harmony reformed almost immediately when it sensed harmony so once anything chaotic happens disscy's back baby!
Wow, this was a very creative and trippy episode. The fight itself was hugely entertaining, especially going through the different media - I especially loved the hand popping out the glove puppet to snap to the next scene.  Request / suggestion for a future Death Battle: Obelix (Asterix and Obelix) versus Achilles (classical mythology). Both gained powers by being immersed in magical liquid as children, with Obelix gaining strength and Achilles gaining near invulnerability.
Great fight.   Honestly loved the animation and both fighters talking themselves up and arguing with eachother during the analysis.   Ending honestly smarter then any of the other emotional endings we've gotten before.  Love it, considering i liked both series before hand. Great stuff might have to re-watch both.
Even though Discord lost, he went out a hero & trapped Bill back in the nightmare realm while his spirit was being destroyed while he’s going out, he’s making sure his friends aren’t going to suffer from Bill’s wrath & save Equestria in his sacrifice. Only a matter of time until Discord reforms himself & returns back to us all. Especially to his dear Fluttershy.
We need Brock Sampson from.the venture bros in a death battle ASAP
9:45 So, what you're saying is that a certain point in the comics Discord changed that genre into a manga judging by this art style!? MIND BLOWN🤯! Imagine in the actual show he changed the genre into an anime, or the animation style into 3D or even stop-motion. That would be THE craziest absurd yet most awesome premise for an episode ever!
calling it before i see results. honestly i think bill wins. he seems more of a conquerer.
14:31 among the various ponies you can see in this section where Didcord dodges Bill, at 14:31 you can actually see Mable and Dipper as ponies in the background. This fight legit has a billion secret goodies if you pause in certain areas
What a brilliant work
I can’t believe Death Batlle treated Discord better than his own show and comics, even if he lost, he went out like a boss!
After reading the Moro arc is dbs.....  I think they stole that from tirek lol
Can I make a deal with bill just to see what happens
They missed the fact that Discord is not... carefree. He is when his friends are safe but you hurt a hair on Fluttershy's head.. he turns into something calculated, angry, and willing to murder in order to keep her safe.
Can we give it up for the animation team? They were really in their bag with this one
The cartoonish causes for cataclysmic events of creating  chaos in the crazy world of.....  DEATH BAAAAATLE!!!
Dont care what the records state, this was a draw if i ever saw one.
Unicron vs galactus please 🙏
I'm sorry for making a deal!
Discord is the real winner. Even though he lost the fight he won the battle. Because you don’t have to kill the enemy to win, you only have to beat them, even if it means sacrificing your own life.
Bill cipher may have won the battle but Discord won the war
I love Prototype and Infamous... but I like Prototype more but I think Cole can do more serious damage to Alex assuming Alex doesnt go in for a quick kill.  Damn i am conflicted!
Probably the best animated 2D deathbattle ever made. The different styles and techniques really did cipher justice and made this so much fun to watch.   This is just such a MASSIVE improvement from the old days of stiff and unexpressive 2D sprites.
WHAT AN AMAZING EPISODE!!!  The production quality was incredible, I love it
People have already touched on the ending a bit, but after reading a few comments I wanna expand on it a bit more. Spoilers, obviously.    Discord wasn't going to win this fight, and I have a strong feeling he knew that. Hence why he knew the *only* way he was going to defeat Bill Cipher and save Equastria was going to be tricking Bill with something he couldn't think about. Self-sacrifice. It's basically how Bill Cipher was defeated in Gravity Falls as well. Discord did exactly what he was planning to do, even when he said "Well, it was worth a try," he was just stalling for time so Bill couldn't get to the portal at the end before it closed. Discord couldn't kill Bill, but he could still save his friends, even if it cost him everything.
What was said backwards by bill?
I was rooting for Bill, but man, Fluttershy at the end made my heart sink :(
Discord is awesome
Does it really count as a victory if you win the battle but ultimately lose the war.
Bill fell out a xbox
17:18 “Bill would not enter Discords mind if there’s nothing to gain”  Under normal circumstances that’s true. However Discord has shown the ability to alter personality within one’s self making them essentially act the opposite of how they do normally
A w for my boy bill🎉🎉
Animation in this is amazing!
Bill Wins in The end but technically so does discord. He Traps Bill in His old dimension. And Saves Everyone. He gets the last laugh despite losing the battle. Honestly if you think about it He's The winner in the end.   14:49 Side note I love the addition of Bubbles of pure Madness. Changing up their style Like the show itself. The Clay Old Cartoon and Puppet being a really nice touch to the fight.
Wonder if miss minutes is going to be simular to bill sypher in secreat wars.
ngl I thought Discord won until they actually said that Bill won, didn't notice Bill killing Discord, regardless, this feels like a fight that if played again and again would get a diff outcome every time regardless, the animation/production quality on this was INSANE
I remember everyone being adamant that discord would win so seeing Bill win was a surprise but a welcome one
Iceman (Marvel) vs Killer Frost (DC)
Bill Cipher destroyed Discord won the battle, but Discord won the war thanks to Bill getting trapped in the Nightmare Realm. And Discord can eventually reform himself, though it'll take quite a while.
Wow it's been a while since i've seen charachters so evenly matched
1:39 - I think the mixed up words at the bottom is a Vigenere Cipher. When I tried to decode it with that I came up with something like: I DON'T EREN LIKE CHECKEN WINGO
I didn't know either of these... that was frikkin bonkers.
Well I kind of call BS on the ending... But on the other hand we don't really have any confirmation that that was actually discords ghost at the end and not just some sort of illusion or construct that was set to self-destruct anyhow... It was literally lamp shaded in the middle of the fight that it could have easily just been another equivalent of the finger puppet battle except that discord was smart enough to provide an illusion of the scenery and not just himself so Bill didn't even notice where they were going.  I mean if the entire setup of the fight was that cipher had turned the ponies into those banners then really the entire battle was just a distraction to get the ponies away from him and back home safe to Equestria..... Which would explain the Cameo from Fluttershy at the end and the closing portal.         I'm also rather fascinated by the whole concept that the death battle crew is actually manipulating dimensional interaction so that by the end of the fight cypher is trapped in the last place he wants to be specifically due to their intervention.  Sooner or later one property or the other is going to straight out declare war on these guys... And given that Deadpool and pinkie pie are friends and Deadpool knows where to find them.......
In case anyone was wondering. "Reality is an illusion the universe is a hologram buy gold BYYYYYEEEE!" was Bill's last (backwards) words.
Discord died a most honourable death for his pony friends 😢
Another MLP L 😔
I have too many words for how amazing that was
get BetterHelp to deal with your Draft Kings addiction
Hi
10:29 When he snapped his fingers, he ACTULLY changed it to a sonic ad for me, and it went to another ad when I went back to this part of the video! I don’t know if I should be more impressed by Discord’s accuracy or YouTube’s ad timing.
Mobile app vs illuminati
This is one of my favorite DeathBattles of the recent era. Great job!
I’ve been waiting for Cole Macgraph vs Alex Mercer for YEARS.
This was the most chaotic because of the craziness of both discord and Bill but I loved the fight
If you look closely at Bill’s throne at the start of the battle you can see some actual characters form the cast, apart from Celestia and Luna. For instance, in between Celestia and Bill you can see Trixie.
Who asked for this?
They had to much fun making this
that was fantastic! happy for bill wining and very happy to see the next battle cole macgrath vs alex mercer! rotting more for alex
Finally Alex Mercer. Though I wanted him to fight Wesker.
If I get the top comment it will stop the spoilers
What's the cipher at 1:39?
Man that’s a good bill impression
Emperor belos and core next
This is gonna be so interesting 😄  Edit: for a second there, I thought Discard was going to win, but in the end, he surprised us all
Didnt expect that , bill destroyed discord soul but was traped in the the dark dimension , a chaotic battle chaotic ending.
Discord is a chimera?
Wow, I was not expecting Discord to 4th wall the hosts!! What a great cameo! 😂
This was toxic😂😂😂
With the currently popularity of Baki and the new Street Fighter game they should reslly do a matchup of Yujiro Hanma vs Akuma. The Ogre vs the Demon.
16:34 The Feeling 😭
I’m just here for the pyramid man
To be fair, while Bill won the battle,  it was still a bit of a draw. Bill was once again trapped in his dimension, unable to break free how likely houndreds of years. On the other hand, sooner or later, Discord will reform once again, so it is basicly a draw, as both will eventually meet again for round 2.
yes  YES  ANOTHER DEADPOOL  YEEEEEEES
wow
2 of my favorite games from the PS3 games, [PROTOTYPE] and Infamous.  Let's go!!! I haven't been hyped like this for a Deathbattle in a long while.
This is my favorite battle yet!  I always admire the research that goes into these. It’s great to see things like Cosmos brought up even though even most fans of the show won’t ever read those comics.  Oh, and this has phenomenal animation, though I particularly loved the live action bit with the finger snap.
Probably the best Death Battle in a while in terms of animation, character writing, and conclusion
Great episode, loved the sock puppet part.
I was almost convinced that Hirsch was the one voice acting Bill, in this episode John Patenaude did that good of a job.
16:31  I love how Discord still screwed Bill over in the end. He may have died, but he still saved his world, AND tricked him into leaving Wiz’s brain.
Bro won and lost at the same time. He died, making it a loss in Death Battle Terms, but eventually he'll reform back in the world he belongs.  But not only that, he sealed his opponent in a dimension outside reality and saved his friends.  The fight ended, one died and will return, and the other will likely break free eventually.  In short term, Bill Won, in long term, Discord Won.  Been awhile since we seen something that's technically a tie.
The animation in this one was  Absolute fire
I think the big difference between them is while discord is a force of nature and his being entirely dependent on that, Bill has all of those powers and is just Evil.   I like that both characters in this fight had other goals during this fight. Discord wanting to protect his friends and Bill wanting to burn all universes, he was in the end prevented from destroying the My little pony universe.
They did it. This is my new favorite death battle. I never thought they would be able to top Myers vs Jason, but here we are.
Bill Cipher yes I knew you'd win. Most doubted you, Never doubt the triangle that can beat Sans.
gonna need some lsd for this one
bro this ending confused me at first. I thought discord trapped bill cypher in a different plain of existence and that counted as a very untraditional death, so when they talked about how bill had the edge I was like "wait what he won?"
Holy shoot was that awesome! The music hit hard, the fight got some laughs out of me, and the interaction between the two during the analysis along with the other funny moments was perfect XD
It was sad to see Discord go, but at the end he still won! I don’t think anyone understand what a pro gamer move our boy pulled. It wasn’t just that he trapped Bill back into the nightmare realm. If the final scene has any meaning to it, it means Discord made it so the only reality Bill can exist in is the Death Battle canon. That means he only exists in an episode on reruns! So if anyone wants to piss off Bill, all they have to do is prematurely turn off the episode. 🤯  Discord, you truly are a genius and a real friend to all. Farewell, sweet prince.
Took me a minute to realize the letter at the end was the one he wrote at the start. Respect
Galactus vs. Unicron
I hope they revisit Discord & have a Discord vs Emperor Joker Death Battle.
This is possibly the best death battle I’ve ever seen
1t
Wow, the next death battle has been over a decade in the making. Wonder if ZP's solution to which series is better will have any say in the results.
I love checkers to bill
Considering wiz and broomstick deal with these entities on the reg who would win between them
Brock Samson vs Black dynamite please
if anyone is wondering what Bill said in the winner screen he said, and I quote, "Reality is an Illusion the Universe is a Hologram Buy Gold Bye"
its kinda funny how both of then won yet lost at the same time
Do beast boy next please
Death battle I knew bill cipher will win
Ok. I enjoyed it.
I love the Star Trek Easter Egg.
Have you guys ever thought about Dexter vs Jimmy Neutron?
Hey why john talbain vs saiberwulf is deleted and can you make more werwolf death battles and one whit X-Men colossus?
Fun fight
FREAKING SCREW YOU, DISCORD WAS A SHOE IN. I HATE YOU FOREVER
Can someone tell me what bill said in reverse at 19:25
He may have 3 sides, but Bill is 7 SIDES of pissed off!
I've never been more stoked for the next death battle than anything else in my entire life!!!!!
Bill: I see everything!!! Me: Ok Dorito.
So would batmite or mr.myx of dc could go toe to toe with bill?
(SPOILIERS)   I love the touch that Discord’s letter to Celestia is with the Mane 6 at the end lmfao, looks like this was a real friendship lesson after all
What's the reverse audio bill speaks near the end? Too lazy to go reverse it myself
Me still trying to figure out what this has to do with the app
One of the best Death Battle. Love the story in this battle
If you told me before that I would have a blast watching an episode with an interdimensional triangle and a MLP amalgamation of different creatures, I'd say you were crazy. However, Bill told me that I had a great time and I'm awfully attached to my soul so I agree.
I like chiper but discord Won he can die he is chaos encarnation his body and soul can be destroy but he always livez
SPOILER!!!       Bill may have gotten the w but Discord got the W
He fall but he fall a hero, and he can always come back, and with the letter there I would not be surprise if he had one final fail save for that last trick. So yeah only he can snatch the victory even when he lost, so the victory is and isn't at the same time. And i love it!
Can’t wait for bill vs Snapchat💀
I love how bittersweet yet kinda honorable the ending was, Bill won the fight but Discord ended up having the final laugh, both metaphorically and literally
Whoa, this was actually an idea I had a while back, due to how initially similar I found the two characters...  ... ... ...  Of course, in retrospect, Bill's powers seem to far exceed Discord's own, something that's reflected in this video. Still, love the execution of it (didn't mean to make a pun there, but it works).
Best Episode so far
today is a really big day for annoying people
Fluttershy's tearful calling out for Discord makes me sad. =( He made a heroic sacrifice.
I think discord did die a death of thw ego, himsepf thw concept remains but will his memories?)
It was as chaotic as I expected.
ANGRY MLP BRONY FANS : *TRIGGERED ANGRY COMMENTS* Gravity Fall Fans : Oh My God Bruh Shut Up Get a life You Pervert Horse ANGRY MLP BRONY FANS : *PIG NOISE*
Discord survived all of Bill's recent attacks but couldn't handle a chess pawn? and I think he became a spirit so that her body could change equestria to normal and trap bill in his dimension
New Idea for Death Battle  Arena of Valor Valhein Vs Mobile Legends Layla
GG
this is possibly the first death battle where the winner still loses !  i was so looking forward for these two and it did not disappoint !  also , YES !!! COLE VS ALEX !!!!!
Cole vs Alex is going to be wild
Whoooa this is really one of the best this season (if not the best) that ending is so wholesome and makes me like Discord (even though i don't watch his series)
Did…did you seriously put a spoiler warning  for a show that ended almost a decade ago?
How can the mid season episode be the best animated DB of all time?!!! What's the Finally?!!
Why would Bill ever want to invade Equestria? Unicorn hair is his one weakness and that world is full of it.
Charizard vs rathalos when
Ok if the 2d champion battle looks as amazing as this im hyped for the 3d champion fight and definently cheering Alex
Would be cool to see Bugs Bunny take on Mickey Mouse in a future episode
Like Saberspark said Discord is more of a spoiled child while Bill Cipher is more of an angry adult.
What did Bill say in the end? There's no play backwards button.
I knew Bill was gonna win though I was hoping Discord would
8:18 No Boomstick Horse meat are best eaten as Basashi (trigger warning)
Making up limits for Discord I see...  Many of the things could be narrowed down to him just goofing off, not an actual weakness.  The biggest factor really between them is the ability to traverse dimensions.  One can do it effortlessly, the other can't at all on his own.
Firstly a round of applause for Discord actually taking the whole "evil Dorito" joke Boomstick used since we saw Bill on Death Battle and making it literal. XD That was just visual comedy at it's best.  Second let's acknowledge that no reality warper will ever be friends with Wiz and Boomstck is still a thing and that they can't even Rick and Morty their way out of our reality should things one day inevitably go pearshaped.  Just imagine it. Bill, Discord, Deadpool, Sans. Koolaid Man and every indie game villain ever coming after them as a series finale.
Ohhhh the bunch line in the end so good that was very cool episode
So what the trapped loser said in reverse ? 19:24
Wow the animation is insane, great job!!
this is one the best death battle ever i wish to have more like this masterpiece absolutely stunning work and stunning voice acting too beautiful
As much as I love discord I definitely think bill cipher would will purely because Discord is gullible and Bill is a manipulator. Still close call.
Bill cipher vs the Lich
It's crazy how this ep feels like a season finale
Can’t wait for the album on this episode to drop
You know these 2 are trouble when they start breaking out of their battle icons
sponsership ahhhhhhhhhhh
Once again, I ask to see a death battle between two generals
My guys may have lost the battle but he still screwed over bill at the end
Never thought they could do a crazier episode than Saitama VS Popeye, but this proved me wrong.
“Turned a mans coffee into decaf”  Oh my gosh they referenced that one song video.
I love how Bill’s “real name” is just continuously glitching…this is gonna be fun.
I really enjoyed this weird af battle. Can't help but think it was a bit unsettling though. Something just is a bit off, i just can't explain it
what about Buu vs Discord?  that would be awesome!
Just gonna lurk around the comments section until someone eventually gets through decoding all the text strings and reversing some of the audio because I’m too lazy to do it all myself.
This was THE MOST EVEN BATTLE in death battle history!
God, hearing Fluttershy like that hit me in the feels. This was a great episode.
someone translate the backwards talk
We need that Mikey vs jai bro frfr
This was sooooooooooooo good 💪
Badass move on Discord's part. He may have lost the battle, but he saved Fluttershy and Equestria as a whole! And, as the sidebar notes, he can regenerate from this kinda thing so...He'll be back. Bill may have won, but it gave him NOTHING.
Yo, this Death battle was awesome (props to the awesome fight animation) but whaaaaaaaat I'm so hipped for the next DB, it's such an iconic one !
Discord may have lost the Death Battle, but he won the War!
toaru majutsu no index accelerator vs add elsword
Whoo! I bet on the right pony- Triangle thing!
I didn't think you could put this many ads in a video PLUS the sponsorship. Might as well just pay for cable
You whould do a part 2  Bill gets out theough a deal  Duscord cones back into existence because choas is need for harmony  Bill wants revenge and discord starts out taking bill completely seriously
Request:Alaator the radio demon from Hazbin Hotel Vs Cure Sky from the anime Hirogaru Sky Precure.
I only can say WHAT THE F*CK This fight was a real chaos
14:57 This part got me rolling 🤣💀😂
I knew it.  Cipher was more than enough to beat Discord.
Ok, who's gonna unscramble the audio at the end?
I will I'll just say I don't really care I'm going to help you I like chaos just don't mess with my reality That's it
DISCORD WINZ LETS GOOOOOO GG EZ
The interesting thing is discord may not have killed bill, but he definitely won. He is a entity of nature he will always reform as long as there is discord in the world. Meanwhile Bill is trapped all over again. So he may have won the fight but he definitely lost the war.
Wanna make a deal Bill? So do i! Let's make this deal: maybe, in the future, i hope that Death Battle would make an 3vs3 battle, what we never seen before! Team Disney (Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Scrooge McDuck) vs Team Warner Brothers! (Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck and third i let you choose, i didn't had the idea for third) "shakes his hand"
Yes bill i want to make a dill
I shouldn’t of watched this after hitting the bong. 🤦🏾‍♂️🤨🤷🏾‍♂️😂😂
That was ducking cool man, the 4th wall break ending as well. Also my moneys on cole for next death battle
Should you guys really be supporting Draft Kings? You know kids watch this show, right?
I waited so long for this death battle truth be told id gladly  bring Bill back and maybe be a horsemen of the apocalypse
Discorddd nooooooooooooooooo
Or the masters
Poor fluttershy
Even in death, Discord still wins.
I do have to disagree on one aspect: Bill does have anger issues, causing him to lose focus or miss details when pushed too much. Sadly, I can't say that would change the outcome, as much as I'd rather Discord win
This battle was a lot like Vader vs Obito for me.  I absolutely loved the fight, specially that ending!!! So GOOD!  However.........      Despite me loving Bill Cypher more than Discord, I do not agree with Bill winning this fight.  Similar to Vader vs Obito, Discord had should have won with having more feats and showcasing of power.   The dialogue discussing the two and why Bill won remined me of Ben vs Green lantern. I just could not see how Bill won the fight, in fact made me believe that Discord deserved the win even more. However, unlike Ben Vs Green, this fight was very enjoyable and even though Discord lost the battle he won the war..........and the Rap battle.  9/10  (-3 for not convincing winner, +2 For that awesome ending)
At least Discord screwed Bill over. As for the next match, Deviantart gave Cole the laurels. Let's see if these chucklefucks do the same.
Can we get the actress for fluttershy in this vid as FS reading discords goodbye note?
I think this is my second favorite death battle, the first would-be Omni Man vs. Homelander. But this is the first one that made me pay attention to the fight music. I honestly thought they were just going to play Discord in the background with a remixed version of the Gravity Falls theme.  For those of you pointing out how sad you are because of Fluttershy, perhaps Discord isn't completely dead. This is Discord we're talkin about, I'm sure he's powerful enough to literally will himself back to life.
Great video 🔝👍
God this fight was amazing and damn is going to die.
Your mom.
I'm just waiting for the day they do Jimmy Neutron vs Dexter from Dexter's Lab
That ending was kinda sad ngl.
This is by far the best episode of death battle out there, the breaking of the 4th wall, 1 liners, and pure madness puts it all together
THE BEST DEATH BATTLE EVER!!!!!!
I remember years ago someone assessing a possible Cole MacGrath versus Alex Mercer fight, and felt he made a great point:  No contest, Mercer wins.  Mercer was shown to be able to lift tanks that could weigh as much as 60 tons, MacGrath’s strength feats don’t come close to this  Mercer could regenerate instantly from gunfire injuries while MacGrath could be killed by one RPG hit.  Finally, Mercer has regenerated from a city leveling bomb, while MacGrath, again, can’t survive one RPG hit.  That said, this was at least 8 years ago, so I don’t know if it still holds up.  I just felt he made some good points
Spoiler:      Bro managed to win even though he lost. Now thats a real feat on this show!
I know i may sound blasphemous but.... why couldn't this battle be a tie? It just made sense to me given what we got here and the battle itself looked like it did really could have been the result. I'm not convinced by the end analysis that one won over the other cause.... their powers are really equal to each other, both can come back at any time, and I don't think the majority of the community would be upset if the result was a tie. I mean.... this is Bill Cypher and Discord!   They could have just had Bill be trapped in the dimension and discord suffering a loss of his powers, but surviving to see the day he comes back with both knowing that the fight will continue in another time. It sounds logical.
This makes up greatly for the last death battle.
To me discord won
Still betting on Alex for the next one.. His arsenal is too varied compared to Cole and despite the dev team's mess up in the sequel because "he wasn't ruthless enough" should still have an edge over him. Though.. I do wonder what element they going to give Cole.. Ice, Fire, or both.. Even though he could only pick one or the other..
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war. My man sacrificed himself for the ones he loved and stopped the monster by sealing him away forever.  Yes, I'm upset discord lost... but he died a hero.
Mind NUKED🤯
This has got to be my favorite Death Battle to date, I loved everything about this! Both characters were portrayed amazingly, and I honestly loved how, even before the fight began, they were already fighting each other and arguing in their analysis'. Forget the 4th Wall being shattered, EVERYTHING was shattered in this fight, dimensions, universes... and HEARTS :'( Fluttershy calling out for Discord was so sad, kinda sealed the deal that yep, he wasnt getting outta this one.  Absolutely phenomenal, hope future battles can even come close to the quality and love this one had put into it
The master of fourth walls
Man, I kinda wanted Uncle Grandpa to fight Bill.  But I guess that would too much of a curbstomp. Uncle Grandpa is so absurdly powerful, he would end the fight in seconds and with a joke.
I love how Discord managed to screw over Bill even if he lost
Why is it so funny to me that this came out on 9/11
...Huh? The way the fight went, I thought Discord won.
Bill may have survived but he didn't win. Discord wasn't fighting to win, he was fighting to save his friends, which he clearly did.
16:57 "Wanna make a deal?" Sure nothing bad will happen right?       Edit Part 2: are these the REAL Voice Actors?
Oh sh*t Alex Mercer vs Cole McGrath in two weeks!! This is gonna be good
Does anyone know what bill said at the end  I think it's in reverse
I say this is the one of the best death battles ever.
So… if Discord had a lock of Twilight or Rarity’s hair, would he have survived long enough to escape back into his own dimension?
Wow thanks for the birthday gift wizz and boomstick
I Want See To SpongeBob VS Chowder Is For DEATH BATTLE
You guys really dropped the ball on this. Bill has no abilities that affect souls. Those two little things Bill annihilated we’re imaginary friends that Mabel just came up with in the dream realm. I’m fact, he was only able to do even that after someone made a deal and let him go into the mind.
This was amazing to watch. The animators of this episode need some huge props!
11:00 “unlike some triangles I know, still has loved ones”   “Not for long”  Jesus Christ Bill’s a psychopath!
Regardless of your opinion on the verdict, I think this is the biggest W the loser has gotten over the winner in this show’s history.
0:50 It’s not a TRUE MLP video until someone makes a Jar joke.
Bill now has to fight Q from star trek
Bill:im gonna put. ALL OF YOU. In a jar
Next time have bill go up against alien x.
It's almost time boys!
I got my bet on my boy Alex.
Boss from star wars republic commando vs hunter from the bad batch?
That video was so cool. I have an idea for a video in the next season. Why not? I have an idea of her video in? Why not Stewie Griffin from Family Guy versus baby Eddie from Jimmy newchan?  It could be really cool.
if they had a fight bill would win all u need to defeat discord is frendship
Gotta admit, the ending to this one was a bit hard to follow. I'm glad the analysis portion made things more clear.
Where do I sign up to list my death battle roster I want to see stewie griffin vs jimmy neutron
i just think of all the good cartoons you havnt covered but youve had like 3 my little pony episodes. cmon, dexter vs jimmy neutron
One of the best death battles of all time
So Discord sacrificed himself to free the ponies and trapped Bill in his own dimension?
“Reality is an illusion, the universe is a  hologram, buy gold, byeeeee!!”   That’s what the reversed ending said if you were curious.
Honestly, this was a very good match-up, and I was impressed that you guys utilized some of the animation from the character's respective shows, but I was a little surprised that Bill didn't do a whole lot of uncomfortable conjuring, since his whole shtick is to make people like Gideon and Dipper as uncomfortable as is possible.   Of course, there is one figure that can reliably take Bill Cipher out. One who would not only be Bill's better, but resist and not be defeated by anything Bill threw at him.
I want to see Altair from Re: Creators in death battle.
While I do disagree with the outcome and the reasonings behind it, the fight animation and style itself was some of the best that Death Battle had in years. The character's were written well, it was funny and chaotic, and it was very imaginative. It also didn't go into edge territory and have the loser combust into a pile of blood and guts because "it's Death Battle hurr!"
Talk about a pyrrhic victory
I was shure that discord gonna show at the end in equestria  only discord can erase himself  his body was never destroy but banished  he can travel by dementions by no problem  He is CHAOS so bill creating more chaos shoud power up discord even more  I think that discord is winner here  HE SHOUD WIN AT THE END
Discord may have lost the deathbattle but he was still able to save Fluttershy and her friends from Bill cipher in exchange for his own life😞 now that's a true friend right there. 🥲
You know what? This is exactly what I needed today. My dad passed away last night due to liver failure, and we had to say our goodbyes to him. It breaks my heart to know that I will never get to see my father again, or to see those I love being affected by it. About 3 years ago the first Death Battle episode I saw in about 6-7 years was Goro VS Machamp, and I was blown away by it. The rundown caught my interest, the fight was well written & animated, I saw Wiz AND Boomstick being animated for the first time ever and I saw right around the corner was another fight that had me hooked. So jump forward to today, and to say this fight was perfect is an understatment. The acting were just like the original cast, the animation while done in sprite animation took the fight into stop motion claymation, 1930's rubberhose animation, the characters own original style of animation and even an actual puppet show! The jokes landed insainly well, the fight itself didn't take itself seriously and the ending was strangely yet befittingly emotional. What I'm trying to say is thank you Death Battle, thank you for being there from my childhood to right now, from the days I'm laughing until I can't see straight to the times we don't see eye to eye, thank you. Also its kind of funny in a morbid kind of way that my father was also named Bill. See you guys next time for the fight between Cole Macgrath & Alex Mercer.
Genji vs Snake eyes? Ganon vs Sauron?
Bill may have won the fight, but Discord won the war and got the last laugh. Also, Fluttershy sadly calling for Discord broke my heart, thank god he’s a concept and can just come back. I can already picture them hugging it out
still waiting for DB to do one vid on tricky the clown from MC
Farewell, honorary hero
Sense the new bill cipher vs discord (gravity falls vs mlp) has came out, hopefully the next new death battle will be a three-way team death battle collaboration being the crystal gems (garnet and amethyst and pearl) vs the indie cross crew (being cuphead, sans and ink bendy and their nightmare forms will also be allowed in this new collaboration k something death battle) and then after that we'll get to see a sneak for the next new team death battle collaboration being the autobots from the transformers movies (optimus prime, bumblebee, drift, hound and crosshairs) vs the murder drones characters (n, v and their leader j and doll) and after that releases as well hopefully carnage will get a rematch and it'll also be more fair sense venom let there be carnage movie came out in October 2021, carnage (even his tornado ability is also allowed) vs Eda the owl lady (from the ultimate spider man tv show series/even the 2021 venom let there be carnage movie vs the owl house) and after that releases the next new death battle will be called superman vs goku (even his ultra instinct and mastered ultra instinct forms are also allowed) final round (DC vs dragon ball super). Please make these happen and thank you. Also for the next new death battle for this year's Halloween in 2023 however is and WILL become if one the most scariest and even more graphic and one of the most terrifying death battles of all time, that'll be none other than void ghidorah vs cyn/solver (godzilla planet eater vs murder drones) please and thank you. And for this year's November death battle however will be called ark's giga vs deviljho and their abilities are allowed even their rage mode abilities are even also allowed as well. And finally for this year's Merry Christmas death battle will be called the ppgz (the more powerful versions of blossom, bubbles and buttercup even secretly the more prettier and the more hotter versions of themselves) vs sonic, tails and knuckles (ppgz vs sonic the hedgehog). Please and thank you.
I was hoping that Bill won, I had my doubts for a bit, but I’m happy to see that he came out on top.
16:58 SOMEONE PLEASE MAKE THIS A PHONE SCREEN!!
Discord will return to death battle someday
Wow those were some BADASS QUOTES! right there. You guys did a fenomenal JOB with this one!
I loved how absolutely fun this battle was and was super creative to show off these two unstoppable beings. I am also super excited for the next one!
Do a Hellboy vs Devilman pls!
Its finally time. Cole Macgrath!!
Now that you guys did Bill Cipher I want a db of Magical Despell from Ducktails vs Eclipsa from star vs the forces of evil.
Man, DB is on a freaking roll! They really went all out with this episode and used every animation possible. The true Multiverse of Madness.
This was weird and amazing. Also, what did Bill say at the end? Can someone reverse it?
This…this is my new favorite DB. 10/10
Going into this I only had information on Discord and I was not liking his chances. Dude has gotten tricked, stripped of power and defeated a LOT
I will never get that Fluttershy scene out of my head 😭😭😭
Boba Fett vs Serpentor anyone?
My original favorite was homelander vs omni man for its great performances, fantastic gruesome ending, and generally being a good time...this episode bill vs discord is better than omni man vs homelander. Longer fight so more character interactions, animation changing, the analysis's were great I love how both characters messed with wiz and boomstick. This is the best animated deathbattle and its not even close, i love how they portayed both characters! Definitely my favorite episode for now.
Can someone translate some bill backwards messages
I can believe this. I actually had a feeling that Discord would sacrifice himself to save the ponies (specifically Fluttershy), so doing this to mess with Bill and trapping him in order to release the others makes sense. Bill falling for it totally made sense as well as him killing Discord because he was always the more violent and likely to kill out of the chaotic duo. As a fan of both shows, I'd say you guys did your research well for this one.
You guys just running out of ideas huh
What did they say in reverse at the end? 19:25
I feel like Alex Mercer will lose given his weakness to electricity. However I still hope he wins. I haven't played either games before, but I have seen gameplay of prototype before and it looks fun. He also reminds me of the l4d2 hunter.
An ad came on right as discord snapped in the analysis and I freaked TF out thinking it was part of it  Also I literally didn't know who won from the ending until the explanation started
This is one of my favorite battles yet.  So chaotic and rather silly from both of them.
With all the chaos and weirdness this death battle had with the heartbreaking bit with fluttershy and the constent reality warping. This battle is easily one of my top 10 great job Death Battle
Its like watching two dads try to turn the same car around as it smashes through several different channels on tv just for one to end up in a broken tv from a house fire and the other got kicked out of the tv signal but with the ability to return to the tv. Neat.
You guys missed the fact that canonically he is now in our universe as a statue someone has already found. Bill Cypher is here!
at least Discord got the last laugh
Even in death, Discord wasn't going to let Bill enjoy his win...
I saw Bill's victory coming before. He holds back NEVER and he almost won, and compared to Discord, he's more competent.
Anyone else seen bendy 14:53
Wait so, bill won but discord got the last laugh by trapping him am I right?
Had Bill in this out the gate but man I forgot how terrifying Bill Cipher is. Excellent episode.
anyone know the sad pic on the right at 13:19 and where its from?
Discord may have lost, but he won the war. Until Bill finds his way out through a series of many unwise deals
Next one is Infamous 1's Cole vs. Alex? No contest, Alex wins.
I want to see bill cipher vs SpongeBob so badly
Easily the best episode of the season
If anything, this fight is a draw. As, if we were to really over think this. Neither shows have shown us the absolute limits of these two. We are trying to measure and compare infinity twice. If anything, this battle would be at best a draw
Discord would have Stomped lol this was so bad
Even tho he lost discord feels like he got the last laugh
The puppet animation was genius!
Did anyone else notice the letter in front of Fluttershy was the same one that Discord was writing before the fight started was probably a "goodbye" letter to her.
Even if bill beat him in battle, discord still won, because he was able to save Fluttershy 😭
Now, does Flutteryshy want to avenge or just get upset enough that her Friends decide to handle the issue and make her laugh again?  Bill vs Pinkie Pie?
still no Ruby Rose vs Maka Albarn?
Spoilers     Bill won the battle  But discord won the war   I kinda see this as a draw
I like how this matchup could very much go on forever
ah snap he just killed discord
At some point please do orochimaru (Naruto) vs mayuri kurotsuchi (bleach)
Really can’t believe they got another one wrong 😞
HI DISCORD
I still wait fatalis vs grigori
That fight was awesome!
The ad break right after Discord talked about subtantiation threw me for a loop
A MELHOR BATALHA MORTAL!!ÍNCRIVEL!!
Ngl i prefer to have Cletus casady vs Alex but based on how busted carnage has gotten, itd hardly be called a fight
I do appreciate that even though Discord was killed, he at least made sure his friend was safe. He may've lost the battle, but he won the war.
Legit just found bill in the Silver Surfer v. Martian Manhunter fight, at 17:47 in the upper right corner on the whiteboard, as well as in the Raven and Gutz fights!!!
But...if Discord can manipulate time and, as a force of nature, will come back one day, can he not resume the fight immediatly ? Or gang up on Bill with dozens of clones ?
As a former Broney this outcome disappoints me. But I accept it.
:))
Fluttershy am sorry for loss 😞
Next death battle YES, battle of the 2009 PlayStation 3 characters(only 2). Such a good time that was.
Him Vs Aku (Power puff girls Vs Samurai Jack) would be a good match up.
In my head cannon i like to believe that both discord and bill cypher were actually evenly matched that they could go on for eternity but discord had to save fluttershy and equestria from being taken over by bill so he cant draw this out for too long so he either had to make a choice of battleing bill cypher till the end of time or sacrifice himself for his friend. Though discord cant kill bill cypher but he could send him back from wence he came   But overall this is a good battle and a fitting end for both
At least Discord got the last laugh.
This channel is banned for good.
Should have called up John de Lancie for this one
It’s okay to be wrong.
In all honesty bill may won the battle but discord won the war to protect the ones he cared about
I wanted Bill to win. But still how did Bill win?!?
Damn broomstick had gained some weight 😐  Edit: boomstick sorry
I’ll be honest I 100% expect bill to lose I’m just happy to hear his voice and see is weirdness again.  Edit: He won? LETS GO BILL! I know better than to make a deal with that guy but still temping end there.
Love the screen flip on Discord and the reality warp 😂 great job!
These two smack talking each other in the fact boxes was a nice detail
What an interesting battle. Bill is a great villain too bad they killed him off so easily
Easily a 10/10 Episode
FINALLY
Not a bad fight...but holy crap, the next DB is going to be one for the ages!!
By all means, it was a lose for Bill, because Discord is fundamentally immortal and the only thing Bill did was, well, really he did nothing. He got trapped for an indefinite period of time and Discord will be drinking tea with Fluttershy, because he will never stand seeing her sad. Yeah, it doesn't even matter how much time Discord needs to be reborn, because his abilities allow him to travel to any point of time, even to the moment of his death, meaning that he can continue the fight right away. Bill was never shown to be fundamentally immortal, just a powerful dude who can, probably, do something. Yet, Bill was shown to be genuinely defeated, while Discord never suffered an actual lose. Both times he dealt with the Elements he allowed himself to get hit, with his abilities allowing him to bury the Elements somewhere in other dimension, would he so desire. So, in the battle scenario of the video we can see Discord simply playing around, trolling Bill and getting his efforts reduced to none. After all, Discord was shown, in the season nine of the show, to not be opposed to drama. He pretended to be wounded by Sombra only to encourage the Mane Six to fight. Sorry, but Bill's powers are not equal to Discord's. In a way, Discord compares to Bill in the same way Popeye compares to Saitama.
Won't lie, this was a very fun episode.
Discord lost the fight, but boy he won the war
Bill may have won the battle, but he lost the war. (For the time being)...
Get me a red bull and I can take em both no problemo 👊
You made biff change his mind on Saitama vs. Popeye This is now his favorite death battle
Equals. Discord only sacrificed himself to free Equestria. Also He would Return too If His Spirit gets destroyed.
Okay watched episode and while i knew bill was going to win i like that discord  put up a good fight. But since discoed is a being of chaos woild he get a boost from all the crazyness that was happening?
Alex vs. Cole a fight I have always wanted to see. I know how till play out BUT NOW I GET TO SEE IT ANIMATED HELL YEAH
I appreciate that even losing Discord succeeded in his goal, protecting his friends. Death Battle is, by its very nature, pairing up beings who would never fight in a duel to the death, no holding back even if the character themselves would not kill. This is one of the few ones where a without question EVIL individual fought a mostly good guy. And while the bad guy was much more powerful, in the end he still didn’t “win”. Discord achieved his goal, protecting his friends. I like that.
Anyone knows what bill said at the  in reverse
This was everything I had hoped this match-up would be, and maybe even a bit more. Once again, nailed the characters' personalities. Bill's spitefulness and audacity VS Discord's playful sophistication is a match made in... well, certainly not heaven, but you know what I mean.  Especially love Bill's pyrhric victory with him getting tricked while Discord gets the last laugh. Perfectly in-character and narratively satisfying.
Go Cole and again this was peak
Discord saved the day in that mf even tho bill won he also lost at the same time also for the next battle im rooting for alex
Finally alex vs Cole I've requested this so many times now do wesker vs Armstrong please 🙏
Discord wins He would of learned from the first time he was tricked This was rigged for bill to win Lets start a debate Would this happen or would discord remember about last time he was tricked Start it in the comments of this comment
I cant see if i dont see this coming, knowing discord that weakness of care free nature is gona be his doom but bill win the fight but discord has the last laugh and i still are team discord
14:50 Among Us Reference
Wait when did you guys write the script for this? I might have some bad news.
Isn't this a draw? Yes, Bill was able to defeat Discord, but at the same time he was trapped for an unknown amount of time, while Discord could simply be reborn or could go back in time so as not to lose (he simply allowed himself to be defeated by the elements of harmony, as he said)
Standards and practices makes stuff worse. Can't say "I'm going to kill those kids" so Bill says "I have some children I need to make into corpses" which feels so much worse
...Cole vs Alex? This was kinda settled a while ago
The fact that theoretically both of them won due to discord atleast saving the ponies and Bill killing discord (which won't do anything because discord will just come back)
Man finally  I have been waiting for bill in a death battle for years  It felt so good to see that finally happen
I enjoyed the death battle a lot by disagree with discord losing, I’m pretty sure Discord can just resurrect himself, plus how can bill be all seeing if he lose to some kids.
Death Battle just keeps getting better and that's really saying something.
That was amazing! Also really hyped for the next one.
The work that went into all the types of animation is impressive.
The crow vs The highlander!
FINALLY ALEX MERCER ON DEATH BATTLE !!! Ain't been hyped for a death battle since the ben 10 one (yes ik we don't talk about that one)
Sora?!!! 😱😱😱😱🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 0:08
So many Deathbattles I watched, but I can say with 100% certainty, this is the most fun to watch episode
Never fight discord, not because you can't win, but because no matter how strong you are he'll screw you the hell over 🤣🤣
I disagree. Bull has only ever shown soul manipulation powers in someone’s mind. He also didn’t even destroy souls. He destroyed Mabel’s imagined boy band members. He hasn’t actually affected souls unless they let him in their head with a deal. Giving Bill an ability he doesn’t have because he destroyed a mental projection is just disappointing
Discord is the god that all the discord moderators venerate.
Next BatMite from DC Batman Vs Bill Cipher!🌌📺
16:45 and that's it!! The battle is all over the champions winner of Bill cipher has claim his victory! Outstanding and most painful death!
OH FINALLY ALEX MERCER IS COMING TO THE HOUSE
WOOOO Bill won!
Oh no
Interesting how that went. Discord lost the battle, but won the war. Protected what mattered to him even at the cost of himself.  Good showing Discord.
one is THE LITERAL INCARNATION OF CHAOS ...  the other is a DORITO.
Oh crap there’s encrypted messages in this Death Battle. QUICK! SOMEONE START CYPHERING!!!
That was a fun battle to watch, it appears that Bill was superior.
Yo the Prototype vs Infamous fight is going to be sick
I'm surprised we didn't see Mr. Mxyzptlk and Bat-Mite taking bets in the background of this fight. Now that I'm thinking about it, a fight between Bill Cypher and one of the two imps would be fun to watch. I'm partial to Mxy myself, so seeing  Mxy vs Bill would be great to see.
Definitely a cool Death Battle. Two roughly equal characters going against each other while trying to warp reality more. Now I'll be waiting for the Cole MacGrath vs Alex Mercer episode. Mainly interested in seeing the calculations for Alex Mercer, since I think some of them could be surprisingly high, although I'm still expecting Cole to win due to some ridiculously high end feats in InFamous, including the destruction of the moon.
(Spoilers)     Don't have any experience with either series, but damn is this fight worth the wait! Also a rare fight where both won, Bill won the fight, but Discord saved everyone!
I'm not sure how the next Death Battles after this can even try to top this
Incredible. Probably the best episode of season 10 so far. It definitely was the most “chaotic”.
In short: Bill killed Discord, but Discord still defeated him. Absolutely banger episode.
14:57 Probably my favorite part
\this is one battle that really just came down to a coin flip. but i doubt this is the last we'll see from either of these two considering how strange our world is.
PUCCA VS SAITAMA
For all the different animation styles, i hear by green light all varieties of death battles! No matter how silly or cool! ALL CHALLENGERS AND ANIMATORS ARE WELCOME!
This is a fun episode.
Nice one Dorito, you failed and need dipper's a$$ again
fluttershy sadly calling for discord is so sad. and now i want to know what did discord write to fluttershy.
Bill; did you really think you could win?  Discord; I don't have to win. We both just have to lose.
Originally I hoped Bill Cypher would win just because I was unfamiliar with Discord and now I think we'll Bill won, but at what cost 😢
I’m surprised they didn’t pull some BS like, because Discord is constantly surrounded by Ponies their hair would be on his body thus making all of Bill’s attacks and attempts ineffective😂
*Bill Cipher: I’M INCREDIBLY LONELY!*
This was so goofy, I love it xD
BEST EPISODE OF THE SEASON
Blud went out like a true friend, laughing in the face of a bully, even if he was going down too
Discord wouldnt die as Long as bill causes Chaos beacuse Discord is chaos so in the end he did not die he just webt back to the MLP universe
Cool video! It figures a matchup this chaotic was never gonna result in a cut & dry win persé. I’m really happy my boy Bill won but I’m more glad it was done in the right way
I'll accept a deal if only we both get what we want and don't want
Wiz: Oregon is known for it's weirdness Me: lives in Oregon
Good job, Discord. You did everything I would do and then some. And your coup de grâce was 🤌🏿💋🖐🏿 *perfecto*  Well done!
Spoilers      Weirdness won the fight, but friendship won the war
Some of the lines in this episode legit gave me goosebumps. Discord telling Bill he's not worthy enough to use the 4th Wall, or smth along those lines, was awesome but Bill saying he's the all seeing God legit made me hyped af. Loved this fight and I'm glad Bill got the W
Finally! Alex Mercer vs Cole McGrath! Also, this fight was dope. 👍🏻
But can they beat SpongeBob though?
What did bill say at the end
For the love of goodness, I want to see Hiccup and Toothless vs Daenerys Targaryen and Drogon.
Ultimate Twin Showdown Dipper & Mabel Pines vs Ben & Gwen Tennyson LET'S F*ING GO!!!
Man Thing (Marvel) VS Swamp Thing (DC) PLEEEEASE!!!!!
This was a good one but since Discord was technically a unicorn with unicorn hair that enough should have negated most of not all his attacks giving him a chance to get serious an end it all or something.
I hope the next battle will be Gru vs Rayman
I'm surprised they didn't mention that Bill couldn't escape Gravity Falls because of some madness barrier.   Discord could've taken advantage of that sort of thing but he would only be to fight Bill within the barrier. (And he'd be leaving the ponies behind.)
16:39 wait i thouhgt discord won here
Smh. Y'all got the warning. I'd drop that ego if I were you
How would explain this to Fluttershy?
In raw strenght it was always bills win. Unfortunatelly. But it was incredible that we could see discord pull one over bill cypher.
Bill real name...terrified
That battle was so incredible so amazing that when it ended I had no clue who won. I thought Discord had it. When they started explaing how bill won it blew my mind.
The rewind for bills last message was referenced to the show nice
So does anyone know what the cyphers translate to and what the backwards message was?
I feel like this is a draw. Discord disappears until he is back and Bill is stuck in his dimension home until a new deal is made. This was a surprising fun battle to watch. The different realities bit was as good as always.
I really don't know Discord once betrayed his very own nature of being Chaotic and got erasued from existence but he came back and said himself  " Chaos existing without Chaos is Chaotic in nature "   So i really don't know what to say or feel about it knowing Discord can exist even after Death
Spongebob vs. Goku but i think we already know who would win. OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH! Who lives in a pineapple? HIM.
As much as I wanted discord to win this outcome was fair not just the fact discord was able to save his home and friends especially fluttershy and trapping bill but also how bill won was also fair Bill and discord are almost equal to each other and them not really able to die but comeback again
I've been waiting since 2010 for this next death battle. It's about time.
Been WAITING for this video to come out oh my god. I love Gravity falls and MLP. Bill Cipher and Discord I'm close to both fandoms...but I gotta go for discord on this one
Nice battle, I would love to see scp 343 in here or 096 or 682
19:21 if you look closely, you can see Columbo in Bill's eye. Are we getting a Columbo matchup this season!?
Hm.. discord did all he could. He did good. 😊
Umm... boomstick..wizz... should i get the Ghostbusters ghost containment grid unit ready so you can send bill in it?.
Well, at least the old guy went out like a hero in the end.
Whose ever been this early to a death match video??? Last time was when they uploaded goku vs superman 10 yrs ago
Who would win the pine twins or Celestia and Luna
bendy and cuphead 14:55
You should’ve did the gravity falls fans vs my lil pony fans instead.
This battle was insane
INFINITELY BEYOND PEAK!!!
WE WON BILL BROS!!!
17:00 HEY ITS A “DOUBLE KO!” It’s not fair! Rematch I wanna rematch!
This was the funniest death battle I seen
I wonder which one of them will fight the Collector from The Owl House.
Discord’s redemption here was handled way better than the one in the actual show.
I'm not the only one who thought the ending was misleading, right?
Sorry Bill, but did you forget I can travel through mutiveres and aus inserting myself into it and changing the narrative of it, and personally I find this narrative a bit stale(snaps altering the story where Bill vanishes from nonexistent and discords survives while altering the viewer's and Death Battle member's memories)heh😈
How many fights in the season? and we're finally at the one we wanted that seems to be any good at all  The next fight is the one I've been waiting on
What happens in a Death Battle when only 1 combatant has a Lose Condition.
While Discord is likely more powerfull -Can very easily tear through dimensions. -Can remove an objects dimensional plane (possibly returning Bill 2D) Bill's proactiveness in immediately removing anyone who is anywheare near his level makes him the more likely victor.
Show of hands, who would make a deal with bill?
Don’t worry everyone Discord didn’t really die, as long as Chaos exists he’ll always be around for all eternity as long as the concept exists in the world.
Bill should have shuffled the functions of Discord's face to KO him.
Death battle idea Doom guy vs Kratos
Me when someone asks me what app i use to call my friends: 16:34
Spoilers.....    Mad respect for Discord, he turned his defeat into a "victory", got the last laugh and hurt Bill Cipher far worse than anyone else. What a heroic troll. "You may have won the battle, but  I've won the war"
YEEEAH, I'M SO HYPED FOR THE NEXT ONE!!!!!!
hi yes hello this is one of the best episodes the series ever made yes very good i love it
I thought that for armor, Discord was going to make himself a sweater out of Twilight's hair or something.
Discord was really insulted that they tried to compare him to Deadpool 😂
I knew Bill Cypher would win!
I genuinely can't express how happy I was to see Bill win, Gravity Falls as a whole is very nostalgic but Bill himself means a lot especially.
Where is that image of Discord at 13:19 from?  I’ve never seen it before.
You guys have been holding off on the 4th wall joke for a while haven't y'all? Lol
insane
Did Bill really win? I don't think so
In my school, vr game extreme feet Bill Cipher took on Goalius and countered Him using the Raiden Shogun Musou No Hitochi (genshin impact fans will know who powerful it is) but Discord destroyed the Fouth wall multiple times by giving facts about bosses and during his boss fight he altered the game itself and by the way he killed Bill Cipher
Id say Bill won the fight and Discord won outsmarting him to save his friends, Also Bill destroyed him that there was nothing of him left yes but discord could just reform his body back, idk how long it may takes to reform his body but he can.
Cole one shots Alex
Welp, Fluttershy is gonna be very sad, but hey, at least Discord saves Equestria from Bill  16:57  Yeaaahh no thanks, Bill.  This video has a lot to decipher on and so many fourth wall breaking  And i knew that Bill would possesses one of the hosts
interesting that you used the personality as the deciding factor.  I thought it would be more that Discord's power, while it can do anything, is not unlimited whereas Bill's power can do "anything" but is unlimited within those restrictions.
it's a technical win for discord at the cost of his life.
Maybe when Discord showed up in the DB studio, they should have just used his pixelated avatar from his fight.  What they had instead felt really cheap.
Wow. The sponsors for this series really just get sketchier and sketchier.
I would love to see a continuation of this death battle where bill enters Equestria
Oh and probably Discord versus Deadpool.
I'm too tired to play the end back backwards... someone comment what bill says in reverse
Cole McGrath vs Alex Mercer??? Finally
Not trying to make waves here... but wouldn't all the chaotic weirdness serve to empower Discord all the more since he feeds of it?
I would like to see a death battle of Bill Cipher vs. Pinkie Pie or Bill Cipher versus The Mask or the mask versus Pinkie Pie.
I guess you can say Discord was really discoordinated in this fight
Animators really put they foot on this one... always love the styles but the switches had me in awe good job boys been a fan for years now keep em coming ⚡⚡😊
Bill won the battle but lost the war
What I am getting from this is that even though Discord lost the battle he was the ultimate winner.  He not only saved the ponies and sealed Bill away again, he’ll be able to return to Equestria eventually.
Kudos to the creativity and sound design on this episode.   The only thing that threw me off was the draft kings promo code being "death" ☠️
God is good  they are finally doing it infamous vs prototype
Anyone wanna mention the backbreaking labor that went into animating this fight? Anyone?
I like how discord even gained information on Bill by just binchwatching gravity falls
*see's what the next death battle will be* oh this will be good i will get the popcorn ready
I can’t believe this is real. Let’s gooo! 😂
Wasn't this match supposed to come out a year or two ago?
Anyone remember this fight from cartoon fight club or am I the only one
Ok, for one, it is incredibly funny how stupidly overpowered children's show characters are when you really consider them. Secondly, can you really say Bill won or that Discord was holding back or tricked? Sure, Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war. Thirdly, anyone else going back to the previous death battles and looking for those easter eggs of Bill? Finally, absolutely loved the chaotic battle. Looked for Alex Hirsch in the end credits, but didn't see him.
Battle of the ENTPs
Discord had the last laugh, i take this as an absoulte win
Is it unfair to say that this is my favorite Death Battle episode of season 10? Eh, I don't care. I shall hold true to that statement.
Green Day reference made me so happy
So how would Bill Cipher do against Popeye???
Holy cow, this is one of the best things i have ever seen
What a fun episode!
Ok, who put LSD in my cereal?  Also Fluttershy calling "Discord?" 😭 Dude... my heart
This episode is BONKERS!!!
Honestly this is one of the best animated death battles in my opinion
Love the way this DB ended.     To quote YuYu Hakusho, "We have a winner who's dead and a loser who's not."
Spoiler Warning:     Bill Cipher won the Death Battle, but Discord won the war. Goes to show that the victor doesn’t always get the spoils. And victory could cost you everything. Also, that song is a BANGER btw!
So, anyone know whether those random spellings are hidden messages or not?
I'm really hoping that Bill possess Wiz again, I want more of Biz
Have a bit of respect for discord. He screwed bill over knowing that he would die.
Even though bill won the battle but discord have won the war by saving Fluttershy and whole Equestria :D🌠
Question: Who else choked on their doritos when the sock puppets showed up?
ponies... why
Im begging pls do something with rick sanchez
Spoiler for the fight      Bill won the fight But Discord won the war
My favorite Death Battles are ones between reality warpers so OP they break the show itself.
Ya know, I appreciate that even though Discord lost it's STILL presented as less a complete bad ending villain wins scenario and more of a "Sure ya beat be physically but I still outsmarted you" Kind of thing.  Like, it had the same energy as Louisoix satisfied in dying so long as Bahamut wouldn't be a threat to Eorzea anymore.
Discord may have lost this fight to Bill Cipher, but the incarnation of Chaos from "My Little Pony" got the last laugh by putting his opponent right back in the same hellhole he worked so hard to escape from.
at all I agree with what was said in the video and shown, but... I want to try to say one thought to put an end to all the disputes here Both Bill and Discord won Bill seemed to defeat his opponent, and Discord freed the world from Bill, which was his goal + Discord is chaos, which can only be finally destroyed by himself (the desire to become order, essentially... although I can’t remember how Akord appeared then) And in the end .. there is no losing side, no poped side
That 4th wall break into the recording booth was next level good.
To be honest, I figured that Discord's whole "powered by chaos" thing would come in clutch here and allow him to to defeat Bill via simply being fed off of the mayhem he generates.
Next time, it's for real
I wanna see Anne Boonchuy (Amphibia) vs Luz Noceda (The Owl House) in a future Death Battle.
Chaotic
They both lost. What winner?
You know for Halloween you should do a nightmarish battle Freddy Krueger vs Pennywise the Dancing Clown?
Here's my angle, Bill merely uses chaos to get his way, Discord is chaos incarnate. Sure you can contain or wipe out his manifestation or spirit but chaos is something that always ends up coming back around one way or another no matter how long it takes. Basically if Bill were to do one hairbrained thing it's enough to bring discord back since any form of chaos would be enough for Discord to come back.
9:58 comparing Discord to Deadpool? Psh, Deadpool could only dream he had the Chaos that is discord. His best attempts at reality warping involves hammerspace, his absurd healing, and breaking the forth wall. Discord can replicate all of that, AS WELL as make it even more Obsurd.
Damn 1 win 1 tie 2 loses from MLP can MLP finally get a win after 5+ years.
Jack of Blades Mario & Luigi vs Sonic and Tails
A soon as DIscord snapped, when they where introducing him, and ad played. Talk about timeing
Huh I actually thought Discord would win but at least his save the ponies. One of the best death battle I've watched!!!
See while bill was fighting for himself in the end me may have won the battle   But discord was fighting for others and he won the war   Besides he’s an incarnation of chaos he’s prolly not dead anyway   As long as there’s chaos discord will be there for it
Can you do wolf cage versus the tin man from the land of Oz?
Just got here, and I get the feeling this is going to be bat sh*t crazy.
I knew how this was gonna go down, but hearing Fluttershy cry at the end broke me
At least Discord died a hero.
Despite discords death, he was still able to stop Bill Cipher and Trap him. What a sacrifice
Discord went out like a king✊🫰  Rip Discord  And poor FlutterShy broke my heart when she said “Discord?”😭
DB IDEA: Team Rocket Vs Plankton! (Pokémon Vs SpongeBob SquarePants)
Spoilers!               Billy might've won the battle, but Discord arguably won the war by saving his realm from conquest.
Skipped to the next fight preview because ive never heard of either of these 2 but im hype for the next My money on Cole
Isnt this technically a draw? Discord saved the ponies and discord can probably reincarnate
Discord dies the hero, but lose the death battle... oh wait... that was one of Discord's duplicates that fought Bill... so... it's N/A results
Seeing discord getting mad at Bill cipher for harming the ponies (mainly Fluttershy) is wholesome, as he mainly cares about his own gain.
4:57 Welp that means Discord wins since he lives in a world OF UNICORNS!
Bill won the battle, but Discord wins the  war. My only question here: wouldnt Discord be drawing energy from the chaos that Bill creates and essentially be a battery for Discord?
I think discord won, he sacrificed himself to save his friends especially Fluttershy... he will be missed...
The animation was amazing
For a weird and Chaotic dude as myself, this is exactly the kinda fight I was looking for. Splendid job Death Battle
Who voiced Bill? He did such a amazing job!!
This is definitely a death battle where both combatants won. Bill won the fight, but Discord won the war.
Do max steel vs a power ranger
Bill may have won, but Discord got the last laugh. Freaking perfection. *chef's kiss*
I honestly thought Discord would have won this one.
Don't want to drop a spoiler but I still had to say this Death Battle was ... satisfying. Which is weird to say about a Death Battle. I usually like using these as a starting point for debate rather than a conclusion. But for this one, I think the conclusion covers everything. Impressive.
Hazbin hotel vs Bendy and the ink machine plus the dark revival
It's honestly fitting that I didn't actually know who won at the end of this fight until about half way through the explanation. There's something to respect out of Discord granting his opponent a "victory at some cost."
1:37 *Robbed by sans in the Tumblr Sexy man Poll.*  Was it the one where the queen was "technically" supposed to die? Or when she actually died.
Though I find Discords decision in the end to be very poetic and perfectly in lines with the theme of friendship, but I gotta say I think it's not quite reasonable to put Bill on the same level of meta manipulation as Discord as Discord has actually showings of casually disregarding the limits of his verse.  Bill's power is "infinite" only in the defining limits of his verse as shown when he is able to be stopped by barriers and certain spells. Discord should be able to transcend these limits to the point he could just create unicorn hair and recrate the barrier that defended against Bill.  But though I do feel like the result should have gone the other way, that ending really hits me right in the feels.
Spoiler Alert For Anyone Who Cares: The Winner is Gex in an OP Nacho Costume…But DAMN, What A Close Match!  Ya cth yfu xiybsvin kvbm wimmfpi. cth minbthmgc uiix kt pik f gbai,
This wasn’t a test of strength for bill and Discord. This was a test in creativity, writing and budget for Death Battle
Woah, this was unexpected! I'll be watching it immediately. As much as like Discord, I can't help but feel that Bill Cipher may win, if only due to being more willing to be ruthless.
Thank for this 10 days late birthday present Death Battle 🤩. My only problem with the episode is that Spike wasn’t with the mane 6
You should do Bill Cypher vs Badgey from Star Trek: Lower Decks
It was so chaotic that even after the KO I had no idea what happened and who won.
Never thought to see a case of Winning the Battle but Loosing the War scenario
welp i said in the last death battle this one would be chaotically weird and it was alil but great battle said discord lost but bill was more dangerous and also had a feeling both were gonna 4th wall break discords though was worse then bills i was laughing like a mad man from it
I REALLY hope that next season has Kratos vs Asura.
Yeah I legitimately don't care for either winner I just came to see who's next   Try to convince me it's a great battle all you want I don't care for either framchise
The fight scene be like: Death Battle meets Everything Everywhere All At Once. Especially 14:50 - 15:15.
Discord is a true Chad for saving the ponies from lame brain bill, I mean he was killed by two kids as for discord well he changed to be a better person then before, so In my eyes discord won the hearts of body meanwhile bill is stuck in his own little dimension which he can't escape until someone summons him but last eye checked those books are destroyed soooooooooo again bill f'd himself.
Legitimately had to check to make sure it wasn’t Alex voicing Bill Cipher
I think this is the first death battle where the winner arguably lost.  Edit: Actually, thinking about it more I think you missed an important aspect of how this fight would play out. Discord is empowered by external sources of chaos/disorder. We see this first when a couple of fillies get in a fight next to petrified Discord which gives him just enough power to break out. The second time was when he hosted the extremely normal tea party for Fluttershy. By the time they realized being too orderly was harming him, he couldn't even snap his fingers anymore, they just passed through each other. All this to say, Bill Cypher's Chaos Extravaganza would absolutely make Discord more powerful, and fighting Discord would only make things worse.  I am reminded of one of Aesop's Fables, Hercules is traveling along a road when he sees an apple. He stamps on it but instead of being crushed it doubles in size. He attacks it again and it grows even bigger, blocking the whole road. Minerva shows up just then (as Greek gods do) to tell him that he's attacking the apple of discord, if he leaves it alone it remains small but violence swells it. Different discord? Maybe, but how sure can you be with a 4th wall breaking entity. And they do at least share the essence.  Cypher would have to get clever I think. Create small, strategic areas of chaos that threatened to hurt the people Discord...s one friend cared about. compel Discord to put them back in order, thereby working against his nature and fading out like he almost did to himself with the perfectly normal tea party.
This was INSANELY CRAZY, Literally. I loved every second of it. So sad that Discord Died and I think he knew that he would die at the end, that's why he wrote the letter at the start of the first.
Dexter vs Jimmy Neutron
Funny how a dorito can easily take down caracters like super man and Goku with no efforts at all their feats are like child play infront of these guys
Thank for the spoilers warning at the begining of Gravity Falls. Seriously to anyone who hasn't seen it you need to watch it from the begining. Like don't read or have anyone spoil it. Its a mystery series and you need to see it without being spoiled
13:34 Twilight and Friends!!🌌📺😭🥺💧💔16:34😭🥹❤️
IDK how you guys think a discord mod can beat bill Cipher, but.. maybe??
I could be remembering old mlp lore incorrectly but isn't Discord Immortal and Omnipresent?  Plus its been proven Discord can control the multiverse
This battle was pure chaos and I loved it
(Although not too much is know about the second) I’m hoping one day for Snatcher (hat in time) vs Barnaby (Billie bust up)
"Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram. Bye Gold, Byeeee." -For anyone interested in the reverse at the end.
Sure, Discord died, but let's be honest, he won the fight.
Now, this episode was a mind screw and a half. I liked it.
also I have to add..  first you guys give me that absolute manly tears evoking ending to Vader versus Obito, then you do THIS  AAAAGH, why must you make me feel such wonderfully sad feelings???
Spoiler:      Despite me rooting for Bill, it's still really touching (and heartbreaking) to see Fluttershy at the end calling out for Discord after presumably reading his letter on the floor. Also Discord trapping Bill in his old home dimension just to spite him is such a gigachad move, gotta love it
This proves my little pony sucks
Kewl
Man, Discord may have lost but he went out with mad respect. Hearing Fluttershy call him was so sad as well.🥺
😎
i cant WAIT for the next one!
i think bill wins i mean hes kind of an interdimensional threat when he enters the real world
Can you bring broomsticks daughter on the show
bill chipper win death battle
this is so flipping incredible. this fight was incredible and ecstatic
Huh... interesting, I have to find it kind of interesting that the whole Discord getting more powerful the more chaos there is... didn't come into affect. The more Bill did, the more chaos he sowed the more it should have amped Discord... Oh well. Get rekt your triangle. Discord may be gone, but now. You back where you started.
Bendy the Ink Demon vs Alastair the radio demon
I still see Discord sealing Bill back in the Nightmare dimension as a win for Discord since he sacrificed himself to keep his friends alive. This was one of the most fun Death Battles I've seen in a LONG TIME.
I think you guys forgot something vital about discord. We know as a fact that he's the spirit of chaos, he's literally the CONCEPT of it. That's why he began to fade away when he tried to act harmonious. The first time he was released we was able to escape his prison because there was disharmony around him, so chaos literally feeds his power and makes him stronger while the opposite weakens him that's why the elements of harmony are needed to defeat him. Discord should've won based on the sole fact that anything bill wouldn't done would have made discord stronger. Bills powers can only creat chaos, and each time he does, that would make discord more powerful. Think the hulk getting stronger the more angry he gets.
19:24 NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! Discord I’ll always watch your show,cause I’m a cartoon fan & person. I love all cartoons!!!🌌📺😭🥺💧🥀
I've wanted to see this for so long.  Can't express my happiness.
this is Discord's win since he trapped Bill back in his dimension and i wasn't even sure he died at the end either
Why do such an American focused ad?
Wait boomstick has a kid???
Why do such an American focused ad?
Cool Prototype is a classic. Cant wait for the next death battle.
This was dope and Cole vs Alex is gonna be dope
Did anyone else saw bendy
13:54 THGIF : recnuonna
pretty sure discord wins mainly because bill is trap and true he could have use the bewitching bell to steal bill's powers
Even though bill won the fight Discord was the real winner He trapped Bill And saved his Freinds A noble sacrifice He knew bill couldn’t be beaten But he could be trapped Hopefully we can see discord again It probably won’t be long until he magically re appears lol
Mr. Roger vs Mr. Dress up.
What do you mean Bill won? Both of them lost, this was a tie!
Can somebody tell me what bill said at the end please.
I was so sure that the unicorn hair would come up as an important thing (because discord kinda… MADE unicorns)
Hey what did Bill said in reverse
I didn't expect that
Never would've thought that Bill Cipher, the Anti-Christ of *Gravity Falls,* is much more Scary, Heartless, Bruteful, Merciless, Tyrannical, Dominant and Chaotic than Discord from *My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic.* Fluttershy is NOT going to be happy when she finds out her Beloved Friend, Discord, has been destroyed by Bill Cipher.
Naw I feel like Discord would have won but whatever 😅
What did Bill backwards say when it ended?
Discord should've won. Especially considering the varied individuals he fought.
This is easily my new favourite Death Battle episode! Not only was it my most wanted, but everything was done perfectly! Bravo!
Hearing Boomstick say Fluttershy is best pony. Never thought he’d become a fan of the show.
SPOILER      I want to thank the Death Battle cast for kindly leaving us MLP fans an out. It’s been shown multiple times that characters who are killed need not STAY DEAD so long as it doesn’t affect the battle’s outcome. That being said and with one of this video’s notes pointing out that Discord could potentially reform himself given time means that the Draconequus’ fans can rest easy. Fluttershy’s dear friend will be back, it’ll just take him a while. Considering this series, that’s probably the best outcome we could hope for.
Man, even though Bill won, Discord still defeated him and saved his friends
The weird has started
Alien 👽-X is the most powerful cartoon character in history!!! And Bill 💵 Cipher is actually the 2nd 🥈 most powerful Cartoon character!
@8:20 wait did I miss something when did broomstick have a daughter
This episode of death battle was absolutely “weird and chaotic” and I loved it 🥰 😃👍🏻 (Pun very much intended)
Let be honest technically discord won
HAHAHAHA!! FINALLY!! I've been waiting for this for the past few months Since it was Placed on the shelf for Ant Man Vs Atom!
16:57 To all who read this comment, DON’T DO IT!!!!
⚠️👁️🎩
Hey, anyone remember when I said Bill Cipher was going to win this one?....Well I do hope someone picks up that phone....BECAUSE I F**KING CALLED IT!
Yes!!!! Alex mercer vs cole macgrath❤❤❤❤❤❤
I honestly love how Discord sacrificed himself to put Bill back where he belongs to save his friends. Well mainly Fluttershy but basically his friends. An excellent ending for a peak episode!
Discord woud won
Do Mojo Jojo vs Mandark next.
Bill might have bested Discord, bit Discord still won.  If one piece has taught us anything, are you losing if you die laughing?
Yes Bill Chiper Won
that was awesome
Spoiler       Bill won the fight but Discord won the fight
10:34 Right when he snapped his finger I got an add I find that the funniest thing here
Spectacular animation and voice acting this time around, really brought the chaos to life. Props to everyone involved.
A whole new level than Deadpool vs Pinkie Pie and The Mask
Fluttercord for life
in the end discord got the last laugh
Ya know...we could FINALLY get back at the Mask with this fine specimen, don't ya think? The mask got an unfair advantage...let us even that playing field a bit.
My first time seeing an mid-video gambling ad and it feels like watching one of those ads for prescription medication 😂
Is sans vs bill cipher not discord
Just going to say that the two 80's looking guys that Bill erased were imaginary people, not somebody's soul. So I don't know how true the soul erasing feat is.  Also Discord is powered by Chao in general and it actually makes him stronger.  Just small things to consider
What were the reverse words at the end
this comment is for the next DB                 i want cole to win but and i may be remembering this incorrectly but at the end of prototype 1 alex was in a explosion that turned him to goo he then found a crow on the shores absorbed it and was ok only reason beside wanting to pass the torch he died in the second game was he was absorbed into new  protagonist ......cole don't stand a chance
Amazing
OH MY GOD THIS IS SOOOO AMAZING MY CHILDHOOD!!!
Bill probably has been revived but not in Gravity Falls but maybe elsewhere such as the Demon Realm and Amphibia
Genuinely one of my favorite episodes of all time. The editing, the animation, the jokes, everything is great (even if that ONE render is there).
Still remains the question of how Bill could conquer a place so full with unicorn hair.
Here’s the thing. I don’t care who technically won the power battle.  The loser may have caught an L, but.  DID HE THO?
Can't believe they made an episode worse than Ben 10 vs Green Lantern in terms of bias. There were *SO* many contradictions in their verdict segment! Seriously? Bill won because he's more ruthless? If that's the case, then Kakashi should've easily taken Obi-wan down since Obi-wan is a pacifist!
Bill Cipher won, but at what cost? Still, at least Discord had the last laugh.
Bill: I have won. But at what cost?
If I had a nickel for every time John DeLancie played an omnipotent being in a television show....Id have two nickels. Which isnt a lot but its weird that it happened twice.
Actually super interested. Be back after watching.
This fight was really creative and great
Alex will win the next fight... i hate to say it and i mean I HAAAAAAAAAATE to say it but Alex is just faster and stronger than him and have a much more impressive arsenal.
Spoiler Alert!!!!  The Reality Warper won
just going off of the preview for the next battle, I feel it's going to be heavily in Mercers favour, and personally think a much better opponent would be Carnage.
16:44 Discord noooooooooooooooo!
5:33  Easy, he turned into Mr. Poopy Butthole on Rick and Morty. Same color, same hat, and he’s got 2 eyes instead of 1 as if to show that it’s his second life. That and the creators of both shows were best buddies too.
I feel high watching this
This is gonna get ugly than before!
We need Gear 5 luffy against Gojo or Sukuna
Cole McGrath vs. Alex Mercer 😮‍💨
This has to be one of the most creative AND most well-animated Death Battles I've seen since Popeye vs. Saitama.  Not to mention that people have been requesting this for over 10 years, and seeing it displayed with this much creativity with a satisfying conclusion made this worth the wait.
Bill Cipher was HEAVILY lowballed, according to Gravity Falls creator, Alex Hirsch, Bill Cipher is OUTERVERSAL as he was able to affect Alex IRL!
Get rekt Mlp
Bill may have won but my heart says Discord is the winner.
Even thought Bill won, he still lost his chance on conquering Equestria, all thanks to a certain hodgepodge chaos spirit.
I was kinda expecting a stalemate ngl. Still an amazing death battle.
(After seeing discord get defeated and killed). Me:Oh….Oh no..Something tells me that we’re going to see a loooooot of sad and heartbroken face’s once everypony finds out that discord is dead.And that he sacrificed himself to save their lives ya know????.
I'm about to go back on those last few videos and see if those little Easter eggs are actually there because that's a really cool detail
That was NUTS Nuff said
Wow, the budget for this channel has increased so much over the years this looks amazing
So while Bill won, he also lost. Yes, he killed his opponent but Discord screwed him over and saved the reality he cares for. Even when you lose, you still win...
Idk bout Discord, but I know Alex Hirsh is too busy sleeping with 19 year olds lmaooooo
so what im hearing is...Discord was more likely to slip up, and bill was ready to catch him slippin.  truth told this death battle was just hella fun to watch. good job guys.
Are we just skipping over the fact that Boomstick has a kid?
Nobody listened to me
CRY, BRONIES! *CRY!*
Boomstick has a daughter?!
Money is on Cole. I think with his lightning, he can consistently give out a higher damage output than mercer. Mercer would have a better healing factor, but without guns, I don't think he'll be effective in the long range department, Cole can deflect anything mercer can throw or shoot at him
This might actually be one of if not the best death battles ever
16:36 - 16:39  Poor Fluttershy. 😢
Another Death Battle Champions Poll. I want to see a preview video.
Feels like it's more a draw than a win Sure Bill got the final kill But he's now trapped in the nightmare dimension again
For some reason... I feel like... reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram and... that I should also be buying gold.
Wait booomstick has a daughter?!
This next DEATH BATTLE is gonna go down HARD!!!
Bill won the battle, but he's basically back to square one.  I think this is one of the few fights, or even the first/only one, where the winner immediately gets screwed.
Dude Bill does everything Discord does just way better and stronger
I love the detail that for Bill the point for true name it is glitching because no one knows his true name
Can do cuphead vs sans
16:57 He must REALLY think of us as idiotic Flea and Flesh Bags  If he thinks ANY of us are going to make a deal with him.😅😅
I can't tell who loss
There's an error in death battle's description of the anti magic barrier. It only affects things within the barrier and prevents magic getting into it, plus we have seen multiple times where even though ford is smart there are things even he didn't think of, so making a device that could drain the magic from bill more or less never crossed his thoughts.
Yeah, I don't agree with that
10/10 episode. Goddamn, now i see why people wanted this episode so much
Discord might've died, but he died a hero. *salutes*
Is more a draw than a win
You know you screwed up when you got beaten by a Dorito wearing a top hat
Aren't they both manifestation of Chaos in they're own respected shows?? . . So if even discord wins in the end, bill will still be alive in gravity falls.
I would rather watch fight Mercer vs Shinichi Izumi their abilities are just similar.
A death battle I didn’t know I needed till now the fight and the animation was phenomenal!
Really? I really thought Discord had that?
Well I can't honestly I don't know how to feel about this fight it feels like I or a win for Discord already knew bill was going to win due to cartoon Fight Club but it's weird due to the animation how it looks like Bill loses because he gets trapped somewhere I went back and watch the last part again but I still stand by the fact that even though the Discord died he managed trap bill before he killed him so I still think it's a tie
Wow. Unexpected best battle.
10:34😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Deadpool would’ve perfect if he was added into this episode for the fourth wall break
Researchers were biased toward Bill. If this was non biased, it would have been a tie like Pinkie and Deadpool since each of them would just rewrite reality and past to fit their own ending. However they choose to pick non confirmed headcanons to boost Bill and weaken Discord. Nobody ever know if he can regenerate his soul or not, Fluttershy coudn't know Discord would dissappear forever if he isnt chaotic, that was just her assumption. Why would Death Battle think this young pony would know about mythical chaos being older than Equestria itself?
Oh! Finally MacGrath vs Mercer coming up! Been waiting for this since the teaser last year! This is gonna be epic!
Cool
When did boomstick have a daughter?
Epic death battle
Spoiler Warning!!!     This is the first time since All Might vs Might Guy that couldn’t tell who won (figured they would’ve counted Guy dying from 8 gates as a draw) until a closer look at the post analysis. This is definitely one of best of the season if not the whole show. Of course I’m disappointed that Discord lost the fight, it is bittersweet since he managed to get the last laugh on Bill. This was the 2d fight I voted for and I’m so glad that I did.  Also that hand puppet bit. 😂
The true winner is Discord!
hello! I come to ask you, if you could do a confrontation between Raven and Goku, they are very powerful beings, they could put up a good battle, it would be very cool, I hope you can read this, I AM YOUR FAN!!!
I feel like Bill Cypher and Mr.Mxyzptlk would've also been a fun fight. Discord is a fav of mine though, and even though he lost I loved the ending.
Bill Cipher was a king of chaos and nightmare world for now discord was history the winner is Bill Cipher the Disney Villain anyways Cole McGrath was battling his oppoment Alex Mercer who will win coming September 25th 2023 only premier on September 26th 2023 and now back to the program of Cole McGrath gets ready to shock in the DEATH BATTLE this DEATH BATTLE is sponserd by Movies Anywhere and Monster Hunter Now @DEATH BATTLE
With all these western cartoon matchups being thrown around now it's only a matter of time before we see Luz Noceda fight Anne Boonchuy
I still don't get it. I still feel like this would be infinite stalemate. I'll wait for people to decipher the codes and de-backwards the backwards talk.  Anywho, looking forward to the next episode, loved Prototype.
I gott a say this one of the best reality warping fights I've ever seen 👏🏾
💀  Behold to meet FTL mercer...
The animation team popped off, the fight reminded me of Saitama vs Popeye in all the good ways.
13:19 yo this discord art reminds me of a really fun narroration of a story i heard once on youtube, forget the channels name but was as story where where fluttershy had died, and discord was so broken harted at losing his friend he destroyed reality and forced her soul into a pergitory like state of reliving her death rather than completly lose her... its weird creepy disterbing writing... i like it
Y'all doing these fukin gays ass fights tf
So in the end, Discord sacrificed himself to save Fluttershy & the other ponies. Bill may have killed Discord, but he had the last laugh.
This is the best episode of the seasson, so far, but, i doubt anything will beat it.
tie😎😎
16:29 Can someone tell me what Discord’s last line was before he died? I can hear “I’m surprised you don’t recognize…” and then I can’t make out how it ended.
in a sense. Discord still won. He may not have got the killing blow, but he put Bill back where he belonged. in his home dimension and saved Fluttershy...and the rest as well.
i like how discord won by losing
Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war.
Bill wins, but at what cost
It does feel humorously coincidental that unicorn hair is Bill’s weakness when on the topic of a world full of unicorns
Who's got the cryptogram on Bill's Background sheet?
As someone with little to no interest in either series, this is one of the most fun episodes of Death Battle the team has ever made. The analyses are wonderfully absurd and creative (the reference to Thor's increasing speed is a highlight), and the fight itself is absolutely ridiculous - we even got the long sought after puppet animation! Great job, Death Battle crew!
Gravity Falls are darker than My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic?
FTar-37 WOULD DESTROY BOTH OF THEM!!!
Huh. Color me surprised.   Neat fight, unexpected outcome, cool music, fun 4th wall breaks. Now to dig into what the backward talk/codes were.
Discord may have lost the fight, but he won the war.  always fun to see reality warpers have a show down.
Oh no bro
This would actually make a create mini arch for the series.
i'll accept bill's offer
This was the best episode of Death Battles EVER!
haven't seen this much chaos since the mask and deadpool, neat :)
Ojala pongan en un vs a Black  hat
Here's a Death Battle I'd definitely want to see...a three-way Battle of the BARDS!  Scanlan Shorthalt from Vox Machina Vs. Soul King Brook of the Straw Hat Pirates Vs. Raine Whispers of the Boiling Isles.  WHO WOULD WIN?!
Discord may have lost the battle, but he won the war, besides, I bet he has some way to come back eventually.
Bill had this in the bag I knew he would win Death battle stop making it so obvious on who's gonna win
Funny how they didn't mention the fact Discord get stronger the more chaotic things get...
Love the references!
Wair Gravity Falls Fans know that whethever Bill speaks gibbresh , he is actually speaking backwards, anyone know what he said at the end of the vid?
No Bill didn’t win, Discord won by saving the ponies. Discord was willing to die to ensure the ponies would be alright. This is his victory.
This episode is chaotic and enjoyable.
The fact that discord sacrificed himself to save his friends and the world they lived in is a win in my book.
Alex Hirsch, created a villain so OP that he too doesn't even know how he will be defeated so he just finish him by Plot Armour But he already said that if Gravity Falls isn't a Disney show, Bill would have already won and the show will be much a lot darker
dunno if it can be done vut for a possible matchup what about Deathpool VS Sans from Undertale?
This battle definitely deserves an alternative ending or at least a rematch for more entertaining and seeing how much the universe could handle
Yeah, wasn’t sure who would take this one as they are both incredibly powerful gods of chaos, but this way makes sense. Discord would have the last laugh even when he loses the fight.
This one is one master piece of the campion 2D fight XD
19:42 What is that song?
Thing is did Bill really win the battle? Discord is known to create copies of himself. Who's to say discord didnt secretly  created a copy of himself without Bill knowing before he went into bills mind. Heck Who's to say Bill wasn't fighting a discord copy the entire fight as he could have copied himself before the fight even began.   I see that before the portal closes of a restored Equestria that there was a letter in front of fluttershy that possibly explains they will never see him again. But Discord could have planted it there to trick Bill into thinking he truly defeated him should things work out the way discord want it to.Discord is very manipulative and who know what he already had done without anyone being the wiser.  Either way regardless if Discord actually truly did sacrifice himself or just had Bill destroy a clone. Discord was successful at saving Equestria and kicking Bill Cipher out their world.
Wow I honesty thought Discord had this one in the bag especially considering how much more media he has over Bill.
can we get Naruto vs Luffy now that's gon be good fight
So Discord actually knew HOW to kill Bill, how to replicate it, and had a magic device capable of draining cosmic beings of their magic and they still tried to say the bell wouldn't affect Bill? Thats absurd.   I had no idea that Discord even scaled to Bill, yet after seeing both of their oberviews its kinda ridiculous Discord lost.
anyone else agree there should be  Deku vs Mightless battle? The form I filled out keeps getting overwritten.  Deku from MHA  against his more villainous double, who i personally nicknamed King of Nomus, Mightless(he's from a book on wattpad by Mysterious Banana.) I'd love to see how these two would clash, they may be the same at a certain point, but their arsenals and powers are different.
14:53 lol bendy
Okay this is probably a top 3 death battle for me, the analysis was fun, the edits are funny and the 4th wall jokes are hella funny, despite me disagreeing with the results i can agree with the explanation they give us, but yeah overall 9002/10 Episode. 👍
Caveman/Wildman battle: Blanka(Street Fighter)vs Pickle(Baki Hanma: Son of Ogre) vs Gau(Final Fantasy 6) vs Tomba(Tomba!)  Green Lantern Corps vs Nova Corps
Well the stalemate is broken at last ironically from a fight that was just as much of a stale mate until that last bit in the end. No matter what I love both series, and the music in this fight was fire. 🔥
I FREAKING CALLED IT!!!
Bruh, they did a gambling ad on a kids shows' death battle
Bill won the fight, but Discord won the war.
So basically,  according to death battle, Bill Cypher is basically Dormammu.
Magnificent Bastard
What makes me feel so angry is that one have to die instead of both and I hate those both equally
Did....did bill...win per se?
13:36 the way Bill captured the mane six :Rainbow Dash was captured be Bill easily because she was having mild indigestion from eating the soul of a transformer :Pinkie Pie was captured after her hangover from Deadpool’s birthday party :Twilight Sparkle was captured after Bill found her in a hole in the ground :Rarity was captured after she fainted from Bill turn her hair green :Fluttershy was captured after Bill made a fake tea shop for her to buy new tea for her and Discord’s tea party later :Apple Jack was captured after making a deal with Bill so that she can pick all the apples in the orchard in a single day  The hardest one to think of one for was Apple Jack  but this is my theory of how Bill captured the Mane Six, the first three we’re referencing previously Death Battle’s  Hope you enjoyed my interpretation of how it happened 😂😂😂
For those confused about the ending, discord stalled bill long enough to trap himself and bill in the nightmare realm as bill was destroying his spirit
Verdic (spoiler below):       Bill lives. Discord _wins._
4:12 secret phrase: ELEVEN DEEZ NUTZ HAH
19:25 Bill says in reverse "Reality is an illusion, universe is an hologram, buy gold. Byeeeeee"
damn they reached a new level AGAIN with this episode, and I knew the whole spirit thing was going to be the weakness  next episode I have been asking for years IT WILL BE LEGENDARY!!!
I feel like the animators had a fun time with this one
The universe is an illusion, reality is a hologram, buy gold!
I came into this fight not know either of these characters lol  I just assumed who would win based on their ability stats
Finally !!!! Alex is gonna get his own death battle
Here's the thing. Discord can be brought back by Q. So Bill is screwed.
Would someone be kind enough as to provide context for discord losing a drinking game to sideways please
So, giving all the details and hints we where given, this fight was rigged from the start, cause all the bs they showed and said(4th wall breaking and not) and stuff they didnt allow Discord to use even in spirit form, but Discord f'ed Bill up(and script as he said when he said why he was fighting) by playing a last trick to imprison Bill forever again cause he new that would piss him off so much. Huh. Interesting.
Two madmen able rip the fabric of reality,bend the universe and travel through time facing each other even though Discord lost atleast he died doing the right thing
I honestly thought this was gonna be another stalemate like with Chuck Norris and Segata  Sanshiro (weird comparison, I realize.)
Never watched "Gravity Falls" so I have no idea what this 'Illuminati God' can do. But, seriously, unicorn hair?
ok them breaking the fourth wall and ending up in the recording booth did not see that coming.   P.s I consider this a discord win as discord is the spirit of chaos, he can't die and will come back eventully.
Gatta start doing some Baki Characters
Even though Bill won, I find it so great that Discord was able to not only screw over Bill but also save Fluttershy and the others. That's both awesome and wholesome
This is the only time where the loser is chill about losing
10:34 URUURK HKS!!!!!!!(It's a cypher decode it)
Bendy ?
Bill may have won, but at least Discord got the last laugh.
So my question for the next fight is what version of cole are they gonna use? Because if it’s hero cole it’s gonna be a hard fight for sure but if they’re using evil cole at the end of infamous 2 then it’s gonna be completely one sided
This fight had no right going as hard as it did but I’m glad the crew did it anyway. I wasn’t too excited for it but the episode blew my expectations out of the water in every way. Keep up the good work, you guys.
Better help is great I respect them and you guys
Ok, i was about to say anything, but Fluttershy broke me and i goin' to cry a little
I’m not disappointed by any means but wouldn’t someone who literally feeds and gains power from chaos be a bit of a problem for someone who just wills it? Also I find it funny both of them technically have a weakness to unicorns
Infamous Vs Prototype! Finally, a match up I’ve been waiting for!
i was so lost on who won...
I love this moment 14:19.
Bill won the battle but Discord won the war. A troll to the end.
Maybe the best death battle yet.
Now have one of them fight Ultra Instinct Shaggy.
This was a VERY entertaining Death Battle! Kudos to the animators and VAs!
The puppet show part of the fight had me dead, LOLOL😂😂😂
They made these two chaotic entities fight in a Death Battle. Fascinating.
Hands down one of my favorite DB’s.
Great video.  I already know that the renegades react videos is gonna be toxic, considering how they constantly put down the mlp fandom.
Ainz Ooal Gown VS Mordekaiser (Overlord VS League of Legends)
love that even though he lost the fight he still managed to save the ponies and was happy he managed to do so while even though bill won he was angry because he was yet again trapped
I think thats the fist time in Death Battle that someone who won, lost, big respect for Discord for saving us
Juggernaut (Marvel) VS Angron (Warhammer 40k)
Pin this pls.  Sailor Moon vs Girono Giovannia
Ya know disney is probably the only franchise on death battle with a 100% Win Rate
13:21 ITS TIME FOR A CHAOTIC DEATH BATTLE
Damn, i would sell my soul for emperor belos against voldemort death battle  Ahem ahem, i said i am willing to make a faustian deal for emperor belos agaist voldemort death battle
Fax🎉🎉🎉. It's perfect ❤️❤️❤️
1:38 “fan of cryptocurrency, NFTs, AI art” that’s why you lost the Tumblr Sexyman poll, Bill
This animation was absolutely brilliant, this season is looking like the best one yet.
I knew this going to be my favorite because what worse then cartoons fighting  reality warping cartoon fighting and these two are heavy weights.
Fluttershy's calling out for Discord at the end was legitimately heartbreaking
What did Bill say in reverse at the end?
Bro the music for this episode is GREAT! on par with the superb animation, it was as wacky and entertained as I hoped, nicely done!
Codes shown in the video:  VOVEVM WVVA MFGA SZS  A HDU'B VJXU DMZL KYWVRWR LPVXG  Hope I didn't miss any, and hope that someone can solve these.
I hope we get an episode for the strongest anime character vs the strongest comic book character
One of the most anticipated episodes in the shows history, and it absolutely lived up to expectations. I couldn't have asked for a better battle
Bill won huh i thought i was wrong was wrong when bill put him in the nightmare realm
I like how they managed to throw in references to other Vs Shows during the analysis portion.  Really shows that this episode is "for the fans."
Bye
10:34 LoL the timing, the minute Discord snapped his fingers after Wiz gets curious the video snaps to an advertisement about a game featuring a Black hole xD  (Edit: I thought Discord would lose but not because of his carefree attitude)
XD I loved the puppet part and the part where Bill became a dorito. But why nacho cheese flavor? It would make more sense to go with cool ranch
14:55 bendy cameo
What a stupid waste of a death battle...
This episode is not my favorite (I don't have an investment in either character), but imo it's easily the most impressive fight animation that DB has ever produced. No other fight even comes *close*. Not Balrog vs TJ, not Popeye vs Saitama, not Snake vs Sam, not Jack vs Afro. This. THIS is the true limits of what a 2D fight animation can possibly achieve.
2 of my favourite series xD
that was Beautifully Animated
Kinda upset they didn't do more with the Unicorn hair shield, considering Discord is quite literally surrounded by it.
Discord maybe a villain. But a villain with a hidden heart. His sacrifice will not be forgotten. I'll conform Fluttershy about this. Poor Discord and Fluttershy.
Sora?
So Bill was able to destroy Discord’s spirit. Meaning he’s gone, but since he’s a somewhat a multilevel creature that is hard to understand and impossible to learn. I think Discord won cause he can come back? I really don’t know cause this is making my brain hurt.
KO more like Heroic Defeat
NAH, that ending was COLD 🥶, but it was so SAD 😭, but it was SO GOOOOD!!!
Yes a new episode!?
I hope for an accelerator vs gojo satoru uwu
Request: RBUK vs unikitty
Discord may have lost the fight, but he succeed in saving his friends. Which is entirely in character for him, and i imagine a more sweet outcome than that
After seeing Vader lose a fight that a lot of people said he was going to win, seeing Bill Cipher win a fight that a lot of people said he was going to lose makes me happy, I feel like Vader was getting revenge, this is definitely my favorite episode of this season so far
Wow, try watching this while on shrooms.
10:31 funniest moment top 10
Bill Cipher was reincarnated and Reborn soul as King in the owl house.  Bill Cipher got what he always needed. A family and love.  PS. There the same voice actor. So its canon.
That crying voice in Fluttershy when she realized Discord was gone. And it's probably her fault since she summoned Bill. Jesus that's messed up.
can someone tell us what the backwards talk at the end was
Looks like there's some hidden codes in this one
Bill may have won the fight, but Discord had the last laugh.
The battle's outcome was clear from the beginning, but I gotta say... That gutpunch from Fluttershy at the end killed me. Y'all didn't have to do that to us.
13:25 your welcome also i do not consider getting trapped in the same prison as you where in before a win 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
the song for the battle low key fire
Death battle creen que podían hacer un versus de Gumball vs gato Félix
INFAMOUS VS PROTOTYPE
Wait wait wait…..if discord watches 4th wall media. At this point. He uh, watched this video….so in the REMATCH he won’t be so keen to slacking off. 🥴
Surprised this wasn't considered a draw. I mean I get it, We don't know how long discord will take to come back, but bill's trapped for who knows how long too. And I doubt either they'll be underestimating anything the second time XD
You guys have been doing deathbattle so long but despite that you still put so much effort into these fights and match ups with this being really really incredible thank you and can't wait for what's next!
Very conflicting ending yet thats what I expect from these two. Chaotic.
A little mad that discord lost I'll try to deal with it 😤
Uh sure, Bill.  I was thinking you could come join the cast of killers in Dead By Daylight. Free of charge!  Thought you may have to talk with my boss The Entity before you get put into the cast, mainly due to copyright laws regarding the Gravity Falls brand being owned by Disney.
These are the episodes you never expect the enjoy so much when you do. Also, the internet with Bill's backward message at the end The internet: write that down WRITE THAT DOWN!
Best episode of death battle season 10 so far
Absolutely fun battle was hoping there would be a reference to another famous mad God but I guess he's busy doing the fishstick.
The song slaps
Death Battle has really been clever with the aftermath bits this season.
I genuinely didn't realize who won until the explanation, this was a very confusing death battle.
while watching this i have to prove your "Unicorn hair stopping bill" theory. Unicorn hair may have been the key ingredient but it unicorn hair on its own cannot stop bill. there were other materials used to protect the shaq and is clearly stated in the same episode. You would think they do extensive research and yet they cant even listen to what uncle Stanford said in the very episode.
I'm only familiar with Discord so I'm rooting for him, but I'm also familiar with how many times he's lost so I suspect Bill will win.
I mean discord still kinda won… so still good.
Can you do princess Luna vs Freddy Kruger
10:25-10:35 You really should have phrased that better Wiz.
I'm sure glad I'm not on hallucinogens while watching this. ✌️🖖
8:30 No, no...he's got a point.
Man Discord is the best the moment he knew he was screw he set everything so he could trap Bill and restore equestria
Can You Do Have The Death Battle Kirito Vs Neo (Sword Art Online Vs The Matrix) Coming In Season 10 Of 2023 Please DEATH BATTLE! Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss OK Thanks
Sure Bill I'd love to make deal
We need a "4th" wall breaker team battle Discord and Bill Cipher vs Pinkie Pie and Deadpool.
Some people in the comments really mad that Bill won. Talking bout he won the battle but he lost the war. Discord still lost. And even if Bill is trapped like he said, he would find a way to get out not to mention that he’s immortal. That’s all that matter in these VS battles. Don’t come up with “Oh he got the last laugh” but is he coming back? No.
Now that was Confusing
Fun Fact: How Bill Cipher even started Weirdmaddegon in Equestria was because little old Spike decided to accept his deal. This was confirmed by the writers!
Cole Macgrath finally!!!!!!
10:35 😂
The salt on this one finna be real
This episode is an absolute triumph of animation and storytelling both in the fight and even the analysis. Top 5 of the show without question for me! Discord my have lost, but I can't of a more Discord way for him to go out!
Ah enserio discord tenía ventaja en esto
I have a theory, what if bill cipher reencarnated as discord
I don't even watch MLP and yet hearing Fluttershy call out for her friend broke my heart. Mad respect for Discord. Dude lost but he got the last laugh.
Death battle discussion  Panty and stocking (panty and stockings) vs Millie and Moxie (helluva boss)  A fight between angels and imps, both shows have a sexual sense of humour and use same type of weapons
Cypher as terrifying as ever
16:35 did anyone else get hit in the feels seeing Fluttershy looking for Discord while the letter he was writing at the beginning of the battle was right next to her
This fight was just as fun as Deadpool vs The Mask and Popeye vs Saitama.
So Bill tricked Fluttershy into summoning him to Equestria, Bill turned their plane into a hellish domain and then Discord literally sacrificed himself to save them?  Man that's some dark fanfiction right there. Kinda want to see a sequel. How would the ponies react to this? Since most of them did not accept Discord.
It's coming. . .the thing I've been YEARING FOR. . .ALEX, AND COLE. . .
Eh…. Not a big fan of you guys making up a power for Bill.  Bill’s NEVER shown the ability to eliminate a spirit. Ever.
Bill won the fight but lost the war. That's new for DB.
Can SpongeBob and Ben Tennyson beat Bill Cipher?
This fight was entertaining Edit Bill and Discord are 2 of my favorite reality warper’s
zodiac knight of andromeda vs mortal kobat scorpion
Literally the greatest episode this season and could very well be one of the best of the entire series. Incredible work to everyone involved.
Keep going 🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is now one of my new favorite death battle now but I feel bad for discord he sacrificed himself to save his best friend and the other pony but I'm also glad that he technically got the finale laugh at the end.
I absolutely love this new trend of not just killing the loser but setting up an ending that suits both their stories!
It still feels like a win for discord
Man this death battle was awesome! I have no idea who the next contestants are though, so that will be interesting to see.
wait.... didnt this fight already happen? Repost or revamp? Must be going crazy cause I thought there was already one made before but didnt find it, sheesh
This is the best season 10 episode ever by far! I can watch this any day, any time!
Huh, even though he lost it was Discord who had the last laugh in the end. Poor Fluttershy though.
has anyone deciphered the coded messages yet?
*Sees Cole McGrath vs Alex Mercer as the next episode* Cue that Stan Pines meme of "After all these years... Finally I have them all!" after recovering all 3 journals of Gravity Falls. Just like how we got all the 3 episodes confirmed for Season 10 before it even started: This very episode, Cole vs Alex, and Dragonborn vs Chosen Undead!
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war.
Lol, I'm sorry, so um, Bill won??? I thought the other guy won. But I guess he lost, and since he knew he was going to lose, he trapped Bill before he died???
I’m wonder if the day represents the Armageddon of at least one of them
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssss thank you death battle
Who will win death battle bill chipper or discord
YEs they next fight here
As for next time, it is nice to see we won’t have to wait much longer for the 3D pick to also get its turn.  I really want Mercer to win, but Cole does seem like he has too much to work with where he could pull off a win. Still, it is the “PS3/360 era” of anti heroes people wanted to see square off for a long time now and we are finally getting it.
(sighs)     Long Live Discord.
So technically Discord's plan was to sacrifice himself and trap Bill Cypher forever. Also considering that he is carefree that translates into that he could kill Bill Cypher if he was serious from the start. I dont see how that translates that Bill Cypher was more powerful if Discord did not intend to kill him.
Spoilers for the fight:     It's funny, while Bill did indeed "win" the death battle by obliterating discord, he lost in the only way that mattered to him: he got set back to square one. Any effort he made to escape the nightmare realm was made moot. As they say, while he may have won the _battle_ , bill lost the *_WAR_* .
bill may won battle but discord won war.(even though discord die)
*I’d ekam a ynnuf nup rof eht stluser fo Llib Rehpic sv Drocsid tub I ndluoc’t kniht fo gnihtyna!*  But in all seriousness, what an episode this was, makes me want to buy gold and ice cream.
That winning pose nailed it
Is this fight a draw?
Bill may have won the fight but discord won the war
Bill may have won, but Discord got the last laugh...
Can You Do Have The Death Battle Moon Knight Vs Azrael (Marvel Vs DC) Coming In Season 10 Of 2023 Please DEATH BATTLE! Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss OK Thanks
Welp, Equestria is doomed. I mean sure, Discord might've reversed the damage but like Bill said, he's done this before and next time there may not be anything to stop him.  The animators clearly had a lot of fun with this episode. XD
Back to back champion's poll fights? Something tells me we're coming up on the season finale.
🙃
Hello 4th wall my old friend
SPOILER WARNING:                Bill may have won the fight, but Discord definitely won the war in the end.
5:37 I like to think this reincarnated form is a certain young titan from a world called "the demon realm" who got adopted by a cursed witch and befriended a neurodivergent human teenage girl and help them save his world by redeeming a young pajama wearing reality warper and defeat a racist witch-hunting emperor.
the end was sad man
Well... this really just isn't my year, is it? I was dead certain that the winner was going to be Discord (and that's coming from someone who isn't even a fan of the My Little Pony franchise). But even though I lost - AGAIN - I'm still happy we got the evil triangle that is Bill Cipher in a fight on this channel. And who knows, maybe I'll have better luck sussing out the winner of Cole McGrath vs Alex Mercer (which in my humble opinion might be symbolized by the scales).
I love the fact that despite Discord losing, he still managed to beat Bill and trap him back in his home.   Discord lost the battle, but he won the war… in till he finds a way to free himself
What was that ? 1:10
This episode is sponsored by your crippling gambling addiction and the half assed attempt and helping your crippling gambling addiction.
I... have no words... if this isn't the best episode in the entire show so far, it's at least in the top 3 or 5... congratu-fudging-lations to the team on this one, by god what a chaotic masterpiece.
Mega tron vs dark vader
HAHAHAHA. Discord managed to trap Bill back in the nightmare realm. I honestly love both characters but I think my love for Discord edges out a bit more.  Sad to see him go, but it's in-line with the character traits 💀🖤💚
For as much unlimited power the two have, when the cards are on the table, Bill kind of has little issue pushing the comedy to the side and turn children into corpses (as he put it). The fight definitely could have gone either way, but I do like the idea that while Discord got KO’d, his last final act was to seal Bill away so that he can’t reek havoc on the other ponies. Wonderful storytelling and definitely one of the highlight fights we got this season. The DB community knew how to pick a winner.
where's the tnt?!
Well, I guess Bill Cipher won fair and square. Or fair and TRIANGLE. Hahaha, because his head looks like a triangle.
Discord probably revived im a couple of centuries, then time travelled back.   No reason he has to stay dead. Maybe he pulled a doctor who (11th doctor).
Plz do Captain America VS Kamen Rider Ichigo PLZ!!!!!!!! Loved the episode NAILED IT 🤯🔥
Discord dies of sacrifice himself to save ponyvile from bill very sad 😢😢
Let me guess Alex Mercer will lose 😡
Spoilers!!!               Really does suck that Discord lost, but at least he won by saving the world!
didnt Bill Already Fight Sans?
Timestamps: Bill Cipher: 0:34 Discord: 6:55 Fight: 13:25  Post Analysis: 17:00 Next Time: 19:30
Bill can steal anyone’s Body To Discord 😂
What I imagine happened a bit after the fight ended: *Celestia:* ...I suppose that is the end of Discord. *Moment of silent sadness between all of the ponies, until suddenly, Discord appears, somehow still alive* *Discord:* Au contraire, ma princesse! He's back! *begins playing a trumpet*
It's been a while since we got to see 4th wall breakers go head to head! I missed this
What are bill last words?
Can You Do Have The Death Battle Conan The Barbarian Vs Tarzan Coming In Season 10 In 2023 Please DEATH BATTLE! Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss OK Thanks
So I would say this was a draw in a way. Bill did win the battle, but lost to Discord's trick to go back to the nightmare dimension. So he just lost the war.
​ngl bill could make a promise with one of the ponys saying he will bring back discord, friendship is weakness & even if he brings back discord he could without his powers or something.
We love Bill cyper and discord yeah because they are awesome and the best and the greatest and amazing and all ways wicked and funny and hilarious and brilliant and lovable and mischievous and vengeful and cool and wonderful and badass and brave and heroic and villainous and nefarious and scary and spooky and lucky and very powerful and super strong and super strength and super hardcore and invincible and indestructible and incredible and excellent spirit and perfect and freandly and fearless leaderships and loyalty and regeneration and healing and regrowing and growing and crazy and happy and healthy and immortal and looney toons and has superpowers and abilities and skills and talents and has supernatural powers and is always angry and healthy and very fun and nice and protective and kind and adorable and cuddly and good and bad and dark and evil 😈😇💪🙂🦾💪🤩🦾🌞🌛!!!!!!!!.
finally, cole vs mercer. My money's on Cole, purely because he's fought things like Mercer before, but Cole's also got more weaknesses, so it'll be interesting to see how it plays out.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Faltaría un calamity anne vs titan luz
Also for the next death battle, I'd like to see Pinkie Pie vs Ed from "Ed, Edd, n Eddy" I mean I know that there's already a Pinkie Pie vs Deadpool vid, But the reason I'd like to see Pinkie Pie vs Ed is because even though they are different they are both the only *main characters* in their respective shows that have the ability to defy the laws of physics and break the 4th wall.  And of course they both have their own unique qualities like Ed has his superhuman strength and Pinkie Pie has her party cannon. But the point is I would just like to see how a death battle between them would go nothing more nothing less.
So glad this fight ended the way it did if it ended the opposite way I would’ve genuinely been upset average W for Bill
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
no entendi casi nada xd
Even  though discord lost, in the end he saved the ones he cared about and still had the last Laugh.
Didnt go how I expected with Discord getting tricked for the millionth time so thats good. Even though I was rooting for Discord I knew he wouldn't win solely due to him being tricked into losing so often despite his sheer power.
it's the old saying you ether die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain and discord went out the former
Nice
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Best death battle this was incredible I knew how this was gonna play out.
FINALLY! Mercer Vs MacGrath! (Cole obviously winning that tho)
Truly bill bros lost the hardest and took nothing but Ls since discord won 99% of the episode only dying and even then he will come back. So take that you dorito looking ass eyeball
BOOOOOO
By far the greatest episode you guys have ever made, I will be shocked if anything in the future tops it. Congrats to everyone who worked on this masterpiece. Genuinely.
The real W of this fight is discord being a god damn hero. That ending with Fluttershy sad and confused asking for him will tear at my heart for a long time to come. This battle is All Might versus Might Guy and Snake versus Fisher levels for me and I am so happy this season gave me an episode that makes me feel that way.
Legendary battle animation and the best of this season. I disagree with the arguments used and the overall conclusion, however, that doesn't take away from this being an all around amazing episode.  Going into spoilers...  My biggest issue here is that speed was considered to be equalized. Time manipulation does allow for them both to effectively do whatever the hell they want in any timeframe, HOWEVER, it still requires a use speed and showings of them in-character utilizing it that way. And while Bill Cipher has no showings of Acausality or resistance to temporal paradoxes, Discord has shown them.  Now, ignoring the time manipulation, Discord is just... way faster. Bill at his maximum can cross the universe easily, which is super impressive, however his more average showings are significantly slower.  Discord on the other hand casually travelled a week back in time just because he wanted to see Fluttershy.  My second big disagreement is that Bill resists power nullification. The nullifying affects of the shield were depowered in that instance and it had never shown to null people on Bill's level before.  Though I don't even think Grogar's bell should've been used. So that's fine. (There are arguments that Discord can null without it)  Lastly, Discord should have easily became stronger than Bill if Death Battle believes they are equal in that aspect. This is due to the chaos embodiment and empowerment. They mentioned it during Discord's segments but the fight and conclusion just forgot about that I guess.
BOOOOOOOOOOO
Are we really being asked to believe that discord would literally be lax while fighting another chaos god?
Craziest battle we've gotten in a while and my guy Bill won!!! Definitely one of my top favorite Death Battles 🔥🔥🔥 Amazing work!!
het DB team when can we she shantae in a death battle??? if you need a recomendation for an oponant for her to fight how about sans?
did anyone else go back to see if those bill cameos where real
This episode went weird in a hurry
Discord was at least smart enough to save everyone else, I’ll give him that.
🧢
This is gonna get bizarre
I hate bill  he may have won this battle but discord is the true winner,i feel sad for fluttershy and I'm even a brony
So surprised we’re not seeing bill gravity falls vs him from power puff girls
I loved how Bill was portrayed here. Absolute Menace...
still waiting for Nero vs Hellboy also , epic animation and i didnt spect that col vs mercer too early
A promise is a promise, let's buy Crypto everyone
he lost but he did get the last laugh
Bendy vs cup head maybe?
Yahoo cool
did Bill win? the way i saw it, Discord tricked bill and locked him up in the Nightmare Realm while he was able to escape with a duplicate
13:55 FIGHT!!!!!!!!!!
This was a crazy and awesome death battle to watch and I’m excited for more
Alex Mercer eats Cole for breakfast if this is good ending cole. Delson is a much more equal match up.
scam
Can You Do Have The Death Battle Rex Salazar Vs Blue Beetle (Cartoon Network Vs DC Comics) Coming In Season 10 In 2023 Please DEATH BATTLE! Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss OK Thanks
I guess Bill knew how to CIPHER his way out of this one. He really strummed the Dis-CORDS in this fight.
Funny. Even in death, Discord still managed to trick bill.
16:39 RIP Discord :(   But that did gave Bill some Trigger Moment (SALT)
Meh, Discord never dies. At least because he is his best bro in most canon MLP alternative universes. Love the music of this one too❤  Upd: Isnt Bill canNOT use his spiritual AND physical form in one time by the way? Also, Discord can duplicate himself even better than Pinkie Pie with the mirror lake. Etc, well, I have a many questions now  how a mere demon triangle can really kill a god of chaos.
Even though he lost the fight he won at the very end. R.I.P Discord.
This death battle is amazing, funny and crazy of their them in different dimensions during the battle. I don't make deal with bill.
19:25 anyone knows what he said?
Vampire hunter D VS Trinity Blood. See some Anti-Vamps go at it
Gravity Falls fans, we eating tonight! WOO!
I just realized JUST now, the show is called gravity falls GRAVITY, falls It never occured to me that the name of the town is a big red flag
Next toji vs loid forger
Please make a battle with Cozy Glow soon.
(Spoiler)    Discord may not have won the fight, and that’s unfortunate. But he did win the War. So suck it you top hat wearing Dorito
14:20 Sans in the background
[SPOILERS FOR THE BATTLE] You know I find it incredible how despite how Bill killed Discord, Discord still had the last laugh and kind of won at the end, since he trapped him in his old dimension.
Not how wanted to end but oh well , watch it for the bios at this point hehe
This battle was Amazing and lucky that the warp of reality and fourth wall got lucky to survive         *Spoiler:* well, Discord lost but he sacrifaced his life to save his world and friends, a hero indeed
I would gladly to take that deal 🫱
For a new idea for Death Battle I think Trevor Belmont vs witch hunter
Joseph Joestar (Jojo) vs Edward Elric (FullMetal Alchemist)
Well that was a disappointment
I think Discord will win
0:50 huh, I never noticed that message before
This Death Battle was WILD! The fourth wall never stood a chance between these two chaos gods!
I'm surprised these two didn't destroy the studio with their antics.
I like how even if bill technically won, discord really screwed him over as much as possible
I didn't get why bill is angry at the end
I was hoping discord would win and now I owe a friend €100
Ok so hot take, I don't actually think Bill won this round even if he survived while Discord didn't. Discord successfully re-trapped Bill in his own dimension, and made the ultimate sacrifice to free his friends and protect them from Bill's machinations. in the end Discord won, because he stayed true to himself and the ponies he cared about.
Really really great episode!!! Definitely one of my favorite Death Battles ever, 11/10 animation and episode all around! Such an amazing showcase of some of my favorite fictional characters of all time, and a great win for Bill with a clever ending too!
They were on something to think bill would struggle or lose
I'm not an MLP fan, but hearing Fluttershy sadly calling "Discord?" broke my heart. Fiction is wild
This battle was very chaotic
This was a dope episode. I didn't even care who one (although I was rooting for Bill) the fight was awesome.
I love the fact that Bill and Discord are arguing within the text of each other’s analyses
you need a death battle between batman vs vegeta
Bill may have won the battle.  But Discord won the war. He’ll come back eventually, given he is Chaos incarnate; so long as Chaos exists Discord can never truly die. And knowing full well he might ‘die’ in this fight he took precautionary measures to ensure that even if Bill won, he would never be able to return to Equestria again.   Discord selflessly sacrificed himself to save everyone. A true friend who I hope will be given the proper praise when he inevitably comes back.
This is probably the most fun i've had watching a death battle in awhile
This episode felt like a fever dream and that fits perfectly for these characters
I love how although he lost the fight Discord still won the war in a way.
Discord may of lost the physical fight, but he won the battle of minds, trapping Bill in his home dimension and getting the last laugh before going out like a boss.  Also 14:50 Cool-Aid Man & Randy Savage fighting in the background, nice little connection there since their in the clay-mation world... well played Death Battle.
At least discord saved equestria, a sacrafice that will not be forgotten. He literally coudve revealed that they were in the nightmare realm earlier and left, but he will be back while bill will be stuck in the nightmare realm so im still happy with this and one more thing, if discord saw bills show then he should've knew that unicorn hair was his weakness
Bill getting Xanatos Gambit'd is the perfect way to end the fight, it fits both characters so perfectly  Easily one of the best episodes in the whole show, the team knocked it out of the park.
Cuz in our of the episodes discord died in a alternate dimension but was still in his dimension
Bill makes it 5-1 for Disney (non-Kingdom Hearts) characters in DB (Goliath, Scrooge McDuck, Star Butterfly and Stitch also won while Jake Long lost).  MLP:FiM is 1-2-1.  Again, Lost Wages has Alex and Cole opening even with each other.  PLACE YER BE...  Wait, wait...Boomstick has a DAUGHTER?!?!?
Bill may have won the battle by technicality, but Discord always gets the last laugh and I don't doubt Bill regrets ever facing the lord of chaos.
I was NOT expecting the battle to be like this! This was AMAZING! I love how they improved upon it from the preview as well! Also, I KNEW they would mess around with the analysis! That was just awesome!
This was a fun Death Battle  Even though Discord essentially “lost” he still got the last laugh on Bill in the end which was awesome and so in character
Two interdimensional beings who can bend the laws of reality to their will, who thrive on carnage and chaos, leaving nothing but weirdness in their wake, but when pushed against each other...  Will Bills weirdness snuff out the god of chaos? Or will Discord formulate a victorious equation to solve this triangular problem?   Lets find out together, shall we?
Time for the two super power sandbox heroes to Duke it out. Lightning vs Bio mass Prototype vs Infamous Alex vs Cole
Not gonna lie, this is one of the best fights Death Battle have had.
Bill Cipher may have won the battle, but Discord won the war in a last ditch effort and sacrifice himself to save all of Equestria.  Let's see how Cole MacGrath Vs Alex Mercer turns out for next time.
I couldn't be more satisfied with this. I may have been rooting for Discord, but it's so nice to know he died as a hero.
Discord no utilizó el collar por eso bill ganó
Bill may have won but discord got the last laugh Oh P.S.: I feel bad for fluttershy
I love this two this is perfect
Personally, I call this a tie. While discord did die; discord did end up trapping him in the nightmare universe. So ya.
maybe nux taku be happy for this battle!😏
The juxtaposition between the two sponsors is hilarious.
Sad to see that, once again, my horse couldn't cross the finish line...
I've got to be honest. I've been watching the odd Death Battle since 2015, and I've looked back at those that came before. In that entire span, the only one where I felt any emotional investment was Beast Vs. Goliath, and that only because I liked the winner of that one more.  Considering the plot of this one and how it turned out, I think I can safely add this battle to the list. Props to all y'all for tackling this matchup.
This battle was       WEIRDLY CHAOTIC!🎩⚠️🐐🐉
Can someone please tell me what Bill said at the end
​I think you discounted that Discord could also be Q from star trek
Let’s face it, when it comes to breaking all of reality, Bill and Discord break it like a carton full of eggs
14:52 A freaking Amogus reference?! Really?!
Both are very iconic.
I think we have a new winner for Best. Episode. Ever. Well worth the win for the Champions poll last year. Honestly I'm calling this a draw. Not only are both so full of BS that either one of them winning makes sense but while Discord may have died, he still imprisoned Bill back in the Nightmare Realm after all. (Should've permanently sealed him in his statue body on Confusion Hill to be gawked at tourists instead) Now to rewatch this about three million times to decode all of the Gravity Falls hidden messages and backwards lines. And was Bill really hiding in every episode this season? Or did they just work that in retroactively? Guess we'll have to pay attention to the rest of this season to see if he's hiding there too. And remember, reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!  Next Time: From one Ballot winning match up to another. Let's hope they at least mention the time Yahtzee challenged the dev teams of both games to depict the others' characters in drag. (No really that was a thing)  Requests:  Stan Pines (Gravity Falls) vs. Reigen Arataka (Mob Psycho 100)  Twilight Sparkle (MLP:FiM) vs. Spyro  Majora/Skull Kid (Legend of Zelda) vs. The Collector (Owl House)  Nui Harime (Kill la Kill) vs. Donquixote Doflamingo (One Piece)  Kirito (Sword Art Online) vs. Kite (Dot Hack)  Invader Zim vs. Crypto (Destroy All Humans)  Lord Hater (Wander Over Yonder) vs. Fantos the Amassor (Kid Cosmic)  Pit (Kid Icarus) vs. Zagreus (Hades)  Conker the Squirrel vs. Gex Gecko  Simon Belmont (Castlevania) vs. Donovan Baine (Darkstalkers)
ok I am lost. how does Bill win when Discord Trapped him back in Bill's original world?
Love how the end was kind of a win win, discord may have died(?) but he still trapped Bill and saved his friends.
Alex Mercer is stomping the next DB so hard its not even funny.
This was an amazing episode, might be the best one db has ever done. The bill and discord gags were creative and hilarious. And the fight ending kinda tries to confuse you, that being who really won in the end. Overall I’d say this is a 10/10 episode and the best one of the season, they treated mlp and gravity falls with the love and respect they deserve.
So draw!!!!!!!!!!!
im disaponted. they didnt even use the fact that discord IS chaos and is fueled by it. Bills very existence Fuels discord. discord should have won. im never subscribing
Tbh it seems like discord won the war and bill won the battle
At least Discord won the rap battle...
Heck yeah, This death battle vid was every bit of epic as I thought it would be! Seeing two Equally omnipotent being fight to the death is always the battle of the ages! Though in all honesty I was really routing for Discord but oh well I guess I must say good for Bill on winning this battle!
Neato.
do Kuzan (from one piece) vs Esdeath (from arame ga kill)
Um, you guys know Timebaby survived his encounter with Bill right? The real life Journal 3 explained all that happened was that Bill disperced Timebaby's corporal form and that he would later regenerate in 1000 years
Xenomorphs vs. Rachni!  Aliens vs. Mass Effect!
Can You Do Have The Death Battle Indiana Jones Vs Jack Sparrow (Disney) Coming In Season 10 In 2023 Please DEATH BATTLE! Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss OK Thanks
Wow. For some reason the ending of these battles are starting to confuse me more and more. I honestly thought Discord had won this one lmao  But enough of about that though, I am SO hyped for Cole McGrath vs Alex Percer! I'm definitely rooting for Cole to win! :D
Mercer finally steps into the ring
I really love this death battle bill cycle in discord play of each other well discord is chaotic fun bill cycle is chanotic evil
WINNER-WINNER, DRACONEQUUS DINNER!
But if discord dies in one dimension then he is alive again in his dimension
While I disagree with the outcome and reasoning, the analyses, animation and ending were so excellent that this is still a top-tier episode for me.  Not to mention, the incredible track by Brandon that perfectly fit both characters elevated this fight to even greater heights. At least Discord won the war... and the rap battle.
Bill may have won the battle but discord got the last laugh
Boooooo! Discord was robbed. Has never been shown to destroy spirits only mental representations in dreams. Booo. Death battle is full of hacks who don't do their research. Plus if Bill can regen damage to his own spirit then why didn't he just power through the memory erasure?
Oh well. It was a great battle either way you slice it. I enjoyed this video. Thanks for sharing.
I think this is the first DB where the hero loses the fight but the Villain doesn’t triumph in the end.  Edit: also I’m surprised the Poll winners are back to back with Alex vs Cole. My money is on Cole cause his big bad was way more dangerous and immediately destructive than Alex was when he became the main villain of prototype. Remember The Beast basically started Armageddon the second it appeared in the world causing a massive surge of destruction across the city it arrived to and eventually the world in the original time line. Alex was more than able to cause Armageddon but more in the zombie trope way of humanity becoming infected and destroying civilization not the planet.
Basically discord won but the writers chose not to go with it.
While he may have died in the end, the only true winner here was Discord.
You know, I've been rooting for Discord since they first announced this fight. You would think I'd be mad he lost, but I'm not. The reason he lost makes sense, and he still got the last laugh by trapping Bill back in the nightmare realm. I'm fine with this, good episode 👏 👏 👏
For anyone wondering, the reverse audio at the end was Bill saying, “reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold bye!”
I hate people uploading Spoilers in Death Battle they should get Youtube Blocked from doing it -_-
why tf did the winner confuse me too? I had no idea who won until they said Bill won lmao
I think this might be peak death battle, animation-wise.  Top 10 overall at least. Truly wildin
1. I know that the victor to live is to kill the opponent and all but, i personally think discord was the real winner since he trapped bill cypher in the interdimensional prison.  2. I do hope the big bad beetleborgs will be in the next death battle in the future.  3. I rather punch bill cypher in the eye than make a deal for him. Unless...............  If my thinking is correct, that'll be a total chaos in my opinion.
-spoiler-          Hey, anyone on voting for discord, on the brightside in the post analysis, they themselves said discord could still be alive after this,it’ll just take time
Discord sacrificed himself to save his friends, Which is the mark of a true hero he is.
Didn't know who would win but I was rooting for discord. Glad to see he put up a decent fight and trapped discord before meeting his end. Great job and keep up the good work team of death battle
I was right Bill Wins against Discord.
Discord sacrificed himself to save his friends and equestria, but now bills still out there!
Even though i disagree with the outcome, the fact that this episode, a my little pony episode, is being called the best episode of death battle means that even though our character lost, just like discord, the Bronies lost but also won
Alex mercer? finally been waiting for this
Discord may have lost the fight but at least he died saving all of his friends especially Fluttershy what a true friend and hero 😭
I would say in some ways this fight was a tie!!!
impressive that Bill nor Discord was put inside a Mason Jar
Death Battle, if you're reading this, I just wanna thank you so much for filling my childhood. You're content has been one of the few things I still follow today since I was a little kid. The amount of fight animations, battle analysis, jokes, ups and downs that I have shared but witching your channel. I feel so old after watching how much your channel has changed, back when you still say fight! Before the combatants battled it out, the intro and even when your channel was still called Screwattack lol! Discord vs Bill has always been one of my most matchups that I wanted to see you guys make since I was little, but if we're talking fr, I think most people in the fictional matchup and powerscaling community have always wanted this also. It has been a long journey with you guys and hopefully your continue making still this awesome content. Piece from me! o7
Yup. Adding this to my dislikes too and I'll just wait until the next fight.
Cole vs Alex. It's FINALLY HERE!!!!! Wooohooooo 😆😆😆
Bill was trapped in his dimension
I can't wait for Cole MacGrath vs Alex Mercer. Even though I heard a lot about the Infamous series, I enjoyed playing the Prototype game franchise.
Even though bill won. He will never have the world of any world.
It bittersweet ending
I don't really agree. Discord has been shown to always come back being a force of nature.
3:07, 3:41 According to Stanford Pines, to Bill Cipher, it's just a game, but for others, Wierdmageddon means the end of the world.
It doesn’t matter who wins. Reality loses in the end.
but.. Discord literally recreated his own body too after being destroyed by Starlight he can recreate his body. why ignore that? Discord still 100% wins
Need to do Darkside vs Q
Yep, this was an acid trip
Spoilers    Even when Discord loses, he still wins. A true friend to the end 😢
Well Bill did still.loss he's traped
Discord died but bill lost. He’s trapped again. Probably going even more mad as the voices of discord and Stan ring in his head for another trillion years
after this we gotta get either Popeye vs Bill Cipher and or Popeye vs Discord and or SpongeBob vs Discord or SpongeBob vs Bill Cipher please!
Ooh the death happened so fast I missed it, thought discord got away
I honestly couldn’t ask for a better ending, both sides won in one way or another
Discord does have spiritual regeneration though and has shown it before
For people that do not agree with it I can see this fight being a 50/50. Discord had to protect his multiverse and the creatures of the planet. He had two jobs while also fighting Bill Head on. This fight could have been different if both combatants did not care for the destruction of the area but Bill had no restraints while Discord had multiple of them. Discord could have finished off bill a similar way by tricking bill into his mind where bill is most vulnerable and then mind wipe his own mind. Both cannot truly permanently put each other down so from the looks of it this fight was more of a lost episode of GFxMLP rather then your typical death battle. This is the reason why this death battle is arguably an 9.5/10 for me although the analysis is a bit iffy  Overall scores:  Analysis: 6.5/10 Writing/plot: 10/10 Animation: 11/10 (best animated fight so far) Voice acting: 10/10 Overall: 9/10
The Fight Starts Now 13:24
But technically discord won because as long as there is chaos his body and spirit will regenerate. Technically in a sense it’s a draw. But whatever, the battle was awesome
Wait... HOW did Bill won? Did Discord pulled a sacrifice by trapping himself and Bill in the nightmare realm?
I like the way Discord was able to at least make it a Pyrrhic victory for Bill by trapping him in the Nightmare Realm again.
But what does this have to do with shulk?
Next Time On Death Battle, Cole MacGrath VS Alex Mercer
We need Zeratul (Star Craft) vs Qui Gon Jinn (Star wars)
I cannot say i am upset. I was really hoping Discord would win but the episode itself is a top 3 for me. and besides, Discord saved his friend, so all's good.
wtf
In the end of the batle i think the discord have  wining
good video it was soo close but one came up short
Discord may have lost the battle, but I'd like to think that he won the war.
It was fun fight :)
The hits just keep on coming, the ending of Discord basically sacrificing himself the trap Bill back in the Nightmare dimension was phenomenal.
Hey bill, i'll tale that deal!!!
Wasn't expecting Cole vs Alex to be right after this one
YES!!!!!!
kind of feels like  a draw. Discord lost his life but Bill back in the nightmare realm.
This was possibly the best episode so far. I can see why this had a live premiere
I'm surprised there server didn't blow while trying to figure this one
Dimtri vs Guts, SS vs MM, and now this.  The fight endings have been sick as hell. Like damn.
Disney hasn´t produce anything like Gravity Falls in this last years
Though discord may have lost. At least he finally got to be a real hero.
Bill won the battle but Discord won the war, seeing as he saved pony land and his friends from Bill.
Lol probably one of the most visually fun episodes ever
Next time, baby.  Oh, and another nail biter for sure. The animation keeps getting more varied and fun.
Evil Ponny vs Illuminati Man!!!
??????????
Can't wait for Cole vs Alex
15:00 LOL WTF IS THIS ! XD
No hate but once again...death battle math is wrong
Alex Mercer for the win all the way
Technically that both lost
Crazy, loved it. Great work to everyone at Death Battle!
Please don’t be an anime battle next. Please don’t be an anime battle next. Please don’t be an anime battle next. Please don’t be an anime battle next. Please don’t be an anime battle next. Please don’t be an anime battle next.  Please don’t be an anime battle next. Please don’t…..OH HELL YES!!!!
Is it just me or has the Meta been getting broken more often these days? Feels weird that this is the second episode in a row where characters have realized something is up
I'm incredibly upset Discord lost, but it was a good fight.  Edit: I feel like Deadpool vs Discord would be a good battle too.
Black mage (8bit theatre) vs Richard (Looking for Group)
Bill won the battle, but Discord won the war. He’ll be back for his regular Tuesday Tea with Fluttershy.
I like how discord still saves the day and poneyville it makes me feel less bad about him losing.
I ..i ..Well this is awkward
Is this the first Death Battle without any math???
I dont even care Discord lost, the fact this episode even exists is satosfaction enough haha!
Ok bill won the fight but discord saved his friends
This Death Battle was very good. Even though Discord died, he saved his world and trapping Bill is probably the biggest "F U" Discord could ever give Bill.  Now Bill has to wait until he can somehow get out again, but who knows how long that'll take.
I was confused by that ending kinda made it look like bill lost
So? What the backwards translate into
You won Bill Cipher with death battle standards, but you are not going to invade another dimension again without a deal.  As a brony, it was heartbreaking seeing Discord's last note in purified Equestria for Fluttershy and the rest of the Mane 6 as the hero to stand against Weirdmageddon.  Besides, Discord will come back as long chaos is present. So, jokes on you since he isn't *permadeath.* Also, NO BILL CIPHER! NO DEAL!
I call total BS on this.
YES!
But if he truly saw everything, why did he not see himself getting annihilated? He just thinks he sees all.  Still amazing though. Just needs a few bits of double checking in the research. As you said, discord knows Bill’s weakness, sure, it makes too much sense to exploit it, but he knows his life is on the line here, it’s a DEATH battle after all, better weakened by a victory than evicerated by a loss. And if he was truly that all powerful, he would’ve just done the “what about no” of all time in any show. I already saw the hints from a mile away though, the “this doesn’t determine the winner” in the song, using the soul destroying as the most obvious Chekhov’s Gun ever made, Back to debating. Just because he threatened the multiverse doesn’t mean he could annihilate it a universe at a time, let alone all at once, why’d he need a bargain to get in if he had that much power?  I could go on.
I knew it
Yay bill cipher
Yes he won
19:20 “Let me out or I’ll eat your dreams!”
Finally an actual good episode
Hahaha, Star Trek reference
This is the first death battle that the winner somehow lost, even if they have won the battle
This is honest one of the best and creative death battles ever. From live action to animation this was outstanding.
oh now both character's control realites they tie and when it's god vs space guardian its the second one
Still don't know how a guy with fear of yellow stuff defeat the ben 10
jason voorhees vs headless horseman
Still can't beat the OG, Mister Mxyzptlk.
This was a close match but discord loses but in his POV he won cause he saved the my little pony
We did boys, Bill Won
So... Who won this battle?
Bill Cipher may won the battle, but Discord won the war.
We need a 2v2 fight no cap
Seriously? Draft kings? You're going to promote a gambling site for sports fan on your channel that is primarily watched by nerds and children???? Bad move Rooster Teeth. (Edit) Holy crap it's worse than I thought. You don't get to advertise gambling and then spend half the ad telling people to call a helpline if they're addicted to gambling. If you *have* to do that, you might as well just not accept the casino money. Whoever makes those decisions for you guys needs to be fired
And like that, you guys officially are the worst cavalcade of analysts ever. Discord has more power than Bill ever could. Screw you guys.
Bro bill was cooking 💀💀💀
Bill won
discord lost the fight but won the war
this is just 2 deamons of tzeentch fighting in the warp
Gotta love the use of the stop motion, old style cartoon and the puppet show.
Another peak death battle that was insane loved it.
Bill may have won the battle, but Discord won the war.  This is a Win Win and Lose Lose for both.
🤩 🤩
Bill cipher for the win
This fight is like Phoenix vs. Raven from earlier. The predicted winner loses in this fight, just like with Phoenix vs. Raven, and the predicted loser could regenerate souls while the predicted winner could not, hence a reason why the predicted loser actually won.  Also, would this fight be another one of those good guys losing to a bad guy, right? Or in this case, a bad guy turned good guy losing?
So, anyone surprised about the ending? I changed who I thought would win before the fight, and it was worth it.  At least Discord prevented Bill from returning to Equestria in the end.
Are we gonna ignore the fact that Boomstick says he has a daughter?
Mr. Mxyzptlk deserve a battle
Well time to bust the the Thirkell
Damn this is a good time
I love the 2D and 3D art styles here
This was just chaos😂😂😂😂 i cant even take it seriously
I wonder what Alex and Lauren has to say about this
This is amazing! The animation has come along way
Can we all agree that Discord is without doubt the best Chaotic Neutral/Chaotic Good character ever made?  Edit: Just like the Popeyes vs Saitama fight, both Bill & Discord are so powerful they’re changing styles of reality.
🎉
Whoever wins I’ll still be happy
I want the next Death Battle to have Kyle Rayner as the Green Lantern. I know that Kyle Rayner will win. He is one of the strongest Green Lantern and the only Dc character to go in the Source Wall and come back alive.
Discord
Death Battle Iruma vs Izuku
This is a fight of "anything you can do i can do better"
Deadpool and Discord best duo ever and chaotic fun
I love this episode
buenardo
Can someone get on with decrypting the ciphers?
We love Bill cyper and discord yeah because they are awesome and the best and the greatest and amazing and all ways wicked and funny and hilarious and brilliant and lovable and mischievous and vengeful and cool and wonderful and badass and brave and heroic and villainous and nefarious and scary and spooky and lucky  and very powerful and super strong and super strength and super hardcore and invincible and indestructible and incredible and excellent spirit and perfect and freandly and fearless leaderships and loyalty and regeneration and healing and regrowing and growing and crazy and happy and healthy and immortal and looney toons and has superpowers and abilities and skills and talents and has supernatural powers and is always angry and healthy and very fun and nice and protective and kind and adorable and cuddly and good and bad and dark and evil 😈😇💪🙂🦾💪🤩🦾🌞🌛!!!!!!.
Fluttershy is best pony. 😊
Not likely to happen but it would be cool to see Rick Sanchez portal randomly appear and he pops out for a moment to say Whoops wrong location maybe not time  since its cannon gravity falls is in the same universe as Rick and Morty. Dr Who vs Rick Sanchez anyone?
Welp... Wiz and boomstick just broke the fourth wall.. is there anyone who can't do it these days?
How long will we get Goku vs Superman 3 fight
I been waiting for this for a long time
The bloopers are cannon now
Gotta love how Discord turned the room that Wiz and Boomstick were in into the room with Ben and Chad in them as they were voicing such characters. Man, breaking the fourth wall can lead to crazy things.
I dont even care discord lost. The fact that his main goal was freeing all the ponies instead of winning is such a character moments. Fluttershy may have lost a friend, but he will forever be know as the hero who save everyone from the evil dorito. Friends to the freaking end. 😢
The lore of MLP is honestly insane for a show just for little girls
🎮🌚interested
I bet 4th walls will be breaking
Dan mandela solos ngl
---For Idea about--- Peppino VS Wario (Pizza Tower VS Nintendo) | DEATH BATTLE!  **Who is won a win or Loses??**  Stronger is a Hero A *TEAM PEPPINO?!* in the power the Skill intense 3D & Animation!  "Will open the Future at- *"[1/1/24]"*
Sub Zero Vs Mr. Freeze (Mortal Kombat Vs. DC Comics)
I want discord to win but.. bill is in another whole level
Finally. The Death Battle I've been waiting for since I was announced at the end of last Season.
Alex Mercier Vs Cole Mc Crath
Dear lord what good Gods name is that thing
so for a future battle.. why not Dexter (dexter's lab) vs Jimmy Neutron
It's crazy that Gravity Falls is 11 years old, and it came out when I was 11 cause I turning 21 this year.
Folks.  Let us buckle up for one more Gravity Falls episode.  This feels like our nostalgia sparked back.
I really hope Alex Hirsch is voicing Bill this episode
Plz, Simba (the lion king) vs Blue (jurassic world) 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
The two most cringe fanbases out there are going to war and im gonna need me some popcorn!
Gravity isn't a force
My money is on Discord
Not the poor 4th wall! Those are expensive to fix!
I have a feeling these two would get along, almost like kindred spirits
inuyasha vs zoro
Wait was that the actual voice actor for Bill?
*Alternative ending* Discord: (after winning the fight) You know what? Killing you would feel *really* satisfying... but, it wouldn't feel really *fun!* I think I'll try something more... *creative* with you.... *Bill looks like he's going to wet his yellow pyramid pants* *Cut to Discord sitting in a nursery with the Collector from Owl House, who is cheerfully throwing all of Bill's disassembled cubes around the room and bouncing them off the walls* Discord: Now, doesn't that feel entertaining? Bill: *I HATE YOU, DISKYYYYY!!!* Discord: Oh, I hate you too, Pyramid Schemer! (to the Collector) Now, young man, do me a favour and don't do anything stupid, like shake his hand or make any deals with him. Collector: Got it, Mr. Discord! I've learned my lesson from dealing with that Belos meanie!
Pogs
Discord from my little pony; discord have reality than bill cipher
I love how Bill Cipher possessed Wiz there at one point. I guess maybe Wiz made a deal with Bill somehow?
It’s gonna get weird.
I hope Discord Wins
Best Death Battle in the world! If this DB gets 2 Million views, we would love more My Little Pony Matchups.!
King gidora vs Hydranoid
I have some suggestions for future Death Battle mash-ups  The Collector (The Owl House) vs. Spinel (Steven Universe) The beings with both abandonment/trust issues   Sunset Shimmer (My Little Pony Equestria Girls) vs. Luz Noceda (The Owl House) The girls who conquer their dreams by traveling another realm.
I can't believe they are actually doing this one
This is not Banjo nor is it Kazooie
BILL FOR THE WIN!!!
First time I'm here at the premiere, can't wait for the chaos to ensue...
Es que me dijo que si y eso Me cuesta mucho trabajo pero 👍👍
Man thing are going to get weird and out of hand real fast
HYPE
Been waiting on this one. Neat
PERFECT TIMING, I JUST CLICKED ON
im gonna say bill writing before release  and i was right
This is going to be one of the most destructive death battles ever
"Dorito boi vs furry pool noodle"
I hope Discord wins
Time for some goofy shenanigans.
I like bill but i feel like that one app everyone uses will win  Edit: i was wrong
I vote Bill 😂
Yo
Saved his friends. What a chad
Suggestion: Eric Cartman vs Kyle Broflovski (both from south park)
My little pony discord will win remeber pinky pie vs dead pool
pyramid head Vs executioner ( Silent hill Vs Resident evil ).   Pennywise Vs Freddy Krueger.   Ghostface Vs Leatherhead.    Albert Wesker Vs Glab Goldman ( Resident evil Vs House of the Dead).   Pinhead Vs Candyman.   Chucky Vs Jigsaw ( Child play Vs saw ).   Xemomorph Vs flood ( Avp Vs halo ).
I never thought I'd see a puppet show in Death Battle.
Discord lost the fight, but won the war by trapping Bill Cipher in the dark dimension.
Come on, guys; order is boring...         👿 *_EVERYBODY KNOWS CHAOS IS MUCH MORE FUN!!_* 👿
That Dorito-Shaped Doofus Bill Cipher will win. Up next is Cole MacGrath vs. Alex Mercer.  When you think about it, Discord got the last laugh. Bill is trapped in the Nightmare Realm, Equestria is safe enough to start healing, and Discord will eventually return.
Okay so the reason why I feel like I got money on Discord has true magic powers also the Lord of Chaos and he doesn't like and let his Pony friends get hurt cuz trust me I grew up watching My Little Pony friendship is Magic when I was a kid so I know everything about Discord and he's true magical powers
Why would they do it on 9 11?? Disrespectful
The fourth wall is in on its deathbed…. say goodbye.
I can't believe this is finally happening
As a My Little Pony: FriendShip Is Magic Fan As A DisCord And As A Star Trek Orginal And A Star Trek: The Next Generation Fan An A Q Fan. I Gotta Say Discord All The Way. He May Loose But I Gotta Root For DisCord As A DisCord Fan.
So goo ong
I know nothing about these characters 😂😅 Ive never see my little pony or gravity falls lol. Hopefully this is good
I can already tell that if Bill Cipher wins or loses, the toxic fanboys will be posting. Which seriously pains me to say that I think Cipher will win.
I’ve got some ideas for a Death Battle: 1)Trigon vs Mephisto(DC v Marvel) 2)Trigon vs Dormammu (DC v Marvel) 3)SKYNET vs X.A.N.A. (Terminator v Code Lyoko) 4)Cable vs Cyborg Superman (Marvel v DC) 5)Red Skull vs Cobra Commander (Marvel v GI Joe) 6)Venom vs Blue Beetle(Jaime Reyes) (Marvel v DC) 7)Ego vs Mogo (Marvel v DC) 8)Red Tornado vs The Vision (Marvel v DC) 9)Howard the duck vs Falco Lombardi (Marvel v Starfox) 10)Judge Dredd vs The Punisher (2000 AD v Marvel) 11)PowerPuff Girls vs SuperGirl (Cartoon Network v DC) 12)Ben 10 vs Capt. Marvel(Billy Batson)(Cartoon Network v DC) 13)IronFist vs Capt. Falcon (Marvel v F-Zero)  14)Beast Boy vs Reptil (DC v Marvel) 15)Steel vs War Machine (DC v Marvel) 16)Judge Death vs Carnage(2000 AD v Marvel) 17)Swamp Thing vs Man-Thing (DC v Marvel) 18)Rocket Raccoon & Groot vs Ratchet and Clank(Marvel v Ratchet & Clank) 19)Hiro Hamada & Baymax vs Peni Parker & SP//dr suit (Big Hero 6 v Marvel) 20)Jennifer Wakeman(XJ9) vs RobotBoy(Nickelodeon v Cartoon Network) 21)Thor vs Capt. Marvel(Billy Batson)(Marvel v DC) 22)Starlight vs. Dr. Light(The Boys v DC) 23)Hellboy vs Blade (Dark Horse comics v Marvel) 24)The Spectre vs The Living Tribunal(DC v Marvel) 25)Juggernaut vs Doomsday(Marvel v DC) 26)Deku vs Capt. Falcon(My Hero Academia v F-Zero) 27)Steven Universe vs Yugo(Cartoon Network v Wakfu) 28)PowerPuff Girls vs Jennifer Wakeman(XJ9)(Cartoon Network v Nickelodeon) 29)Adam Strange vs. Star-Lord(DC v Marvel) 30)Unicron vs Galactus(Transformers v Marvel) 31)Hellboy vs Lobo(Dark Horse comics v DC) 32)Bat-Mite vs Bill Cipher(DC v Gravity Falls) 33)Nicole Watterson vs Rose Quartz vs Carol(Cartoon Network)Mom Death Battle Royale. 34)Etrigan vs Hellboy(DC v Dark Horse comics) 35)Solomon Grundy vs Hulk (DC v Marvel) 36)Grim vs Mistress Death (Cartoon Network v Marvel) 37)Pinkie pie vs The Cat in The Hat(My Little Pony v Dr. Seuss) 38)Falcon vs Hawkgirl(Marvel v DC) 39)Grim vs The Lich(Cartoon Network) 40)Ghost Rider vs Spawn(Marvel v Image Comics) 41)The Mask vs Freakazoid(Dark Horse Comics v Cartoon Network) 42)Judge Death vs The Batman Who Laughs(2000A.D. v DC) 43)Saitama vs Doomsday(One Punch Man v DC) 44)Saitama vs Lobo(One Punch Man v DC) 45)Hawkgirl vs Demona (DC v Gargoyles) 46)Hawkman vs Goliath (DC v Gargoyles) 47)Carnage vs The Batman Who Laughs(Marvel v DC) 48)Mr. Mxyzptlk vs The Beyonder(DC v Marvel) 49)Danny Phantom vs Judge Death(Nickelodeon v 2000 AD) 50)Apocalypse vs Darkseid (Marvel v DC) 51)Neo vs Kevin Flynn(Matrix v Tron) 52)Joker vs Green Goblin(DC v Marvel) 53)Gon vs K.O. (Hunter X Hunter v Cartoon Network) 54)Homelander vs Hyperion(The Boys v Marvel) 55)Superian vs Homelander(The Tick v The Boys) 56)Thor vs Orion(Marvel v DC) 57)Darth Sidious vs Lord Voldemort(Star Wars v Harry Potter) 58)The Tick vs Crimson Chin(New England Comics v Nickelodeon) 59)Doomsday vs Mangog(DC v Marvel) 60)Luffy vs Plastic Man(One Piece v DC) 61)Cable vs Trunks(Marvel v Dragon Ball) 62)BoxMore Bots vs Battle Droids(Cartoon Network v Star Wars) 63)Beerus vs The Beyonder(Dragon Ball v Marvel) 64)Mario vs Sonic vs Pac-Man vs Megaman vs Spyro(Nintendo v Sega v Namco v Capcom v Sony) 65)Black Widow vs. Kim Possible(Marvel v Disney) 66)Cyborg vs Genos(DC v One Punch Man) 67)Doomsday vs. Broly (DC v Dragonball) 68)Luffy vs. Kamala Khan(One Piece v Marvel) 69)Firestorm vs. Molecule Man(DC v Marvel) 70)Sentry vs. Blue Marvel vs. Gladiator vs. Hyperion(Marvel) 71)Kamala Khan vs. Jake The Dog(Marvel v Cartoon Network) 72)Unicron vs. Shuma-Gorath(Transformers v Marvel) 73) Mr. Mxyzptlk vs. Bill Cipher(DC v Gravity Falls) 74)Gorr The God Butcher vs. Kratos(Marvel v God of War) 75)The Mask vs. Slapstick(Darkhorse v Marvel) 76)X.A.N.A vs. Master Control Program(Code Lyoko v Tron) 77)Superboy Prime vs. Sentry(DC v Marvel) 78)Master Hand vs. Polygon Man(Super Smash Bros. v PlayStation All-stars)
Deaths battle never disappoint with this fight
This is one I’ve been wanting for so long!  RIP fabric of reality
Discord!!❤❤
GALACTUS VS UNICRON FOR DEATH BATTLE SEASON FINALE.
Wow so just like obito vs Vader my preffered who i though was gonna get stomped actually winning bruh by this rate alex is gonna win in cole vs alex even tho i believed cole won with his ap calcs
Spoiler!:          Bill cipher won
Fluttershy will be mad
I still have this odd feeling Deadpool is going to crash this fight somehow.
This episode is going to be awesome
This is one of the greatest episodes I've ever watched of this show.  The animation, the VA work, the creativity behind it all.  And it continues the trend of this season having AWESOME stories told in their fights.
This fight death battle even disagrees with on there discord. This is a bill wins the battle discord wins the war
Bill wins 😂😂😂😂
This is going to go down as one of the best matchups in DB History.
Bill Slams no diff
I have been asking for this particular Battle for Years and I can not WAIT to finally see it!
Y'all are gonna really love this one 🥰🥰
Pandora VS Stinkmeaner (Living With Dad VS The Boondocks) DEATH BATTLE! 14:50 15:02 14:57 The Winner Is Pandora Panda 7:30 1:35 9:59 14:44 7:45
Bill is the best villain
This was a decent episode. And concerning the next time Cole McGrath vs. Alex Mercer I have an idea of how that fight will go.
Just hope the world and  it fourth wall survives
Ive been looking forward to this fight because i love both of these charcters. Lets see if DB got the matchup correct too, that'd be nice.  Edit: Yep they got it wrong.
Matchups   1. Powerpuff girls vs the calamity trio ( powerpuff girls vs amphibia) 2. Atlas vs drive knight ( Astro boy vs opm) 3. Killer 7 vs speed o sound sonic (scissors seven vs opm) 4. Kazuma kuwabara vs yami sukenhiro ( yu yu hakusho vs black clover) 5. Monkey d dragon vs baran ( one piece vs dragon quest the adventure of dai)  6. The immortal enemy vs the lich (valiant comics vs adventure time) 7. Hancock vs invincible( Hancock vs image comics) 8. Jim lake vs randy Cunningham(Trollhunter vs 9th grade ninja) 9. Juzo inui vs gun devil( no guns life vs chainsaw man) 10. Rouge Cheney vs fumikage Tokoyami (fairy tail vs mha) 11. Scp-076(able) vs sung Jin woo( Scp vs solo leveling) 12. Gajeel redfox vs Rex slayzar( fairy tail vs generator Rex) 13. Nezha vs susanno ( Chinese folklore vs Japanese folklore) 14. Demencia vs himiko toga ( villainous vs mha)
and i am excited
we waiting for death battle to be ready
Bill cipher wins I'm telling the truth
Awesome 👍🏻🤩👏🏻👏🏻
I promise if this is will be good everyone's been waiting for 2 weeks straight now stop watching on their computers wherever death battle Waze and if it is bad you're going to have a lot of hate comments but if it's good you're going to have a lot of subscribers death battle good luck p when your best videos ever
Because discord have more power the Bill
“Tell Jean-Luc this show is worse than Code of Honor!” 😂 best line (though to be fair season 3 was good imo)
My money's on discord.
There better not be any exploding planes in this fight 💀
If bill won i going dislike the video
If bill looses this is bu|_|_$h!t  edit: this isn't bu|_|_$h!t
Bill would win I just know it
Next Yang (RWBY) vs. VI (Arcane)
Bill wins and it’s soul crushing
Wow I love that thumbnail
Dang, I’m gonna have work before I can finish the episode.
Bro I'm so hyped
Knowing Wiz and Boomstick, the character I'm rooting for will probably lose. (Rocket, Bill, Darth Vader, etc)
Immediately better then animationrewind's version and i haven't even watched it yet Edit: okay now that I've watched it this is the best fight this season so far. Both of them pretty much got a W with Bill winning the fight but Discord winning the war
Knowing how Brokenly HAX Overpowered both Discord and Bill are I'm mega excited to see the creativity of this Death Battle play out.
Supergirl vs. She-Hulk (DC vs. Marvel)
I have seen every my little pony ‘ friendship is magic episode
Discord : Even though I lost to you, I still won, because the pony I care is now safe.
Can’t wait to see two of my favorite characters go head to head
Discord technically won but he just inconvenience Bill, it's a pretty meh episode
Bill chipher solos
I bet there gonna like go off on their own off the pages or something lol
3 hours left
3 hours left
*A chaotic cartoon reality warper left the server*
If I were a betting man I bet my money on this Discord😊😊🎉🎉
The battle hasnt even started yet and those 2 are already fighting in the thumbnail
Here's a death battle suggestion that might be more chaotic: the mask vs popeye. Let the toon force titans fight
I think cipher will win
It’s my Sister’s birthday today
Yo to all the members with early access, what’s the next time? Like don’t say who won just what’s next because I’m not gonna be able to see this one live.
It would be a shame if one of them crashed into the towers
Impatient to see how much taunting these two do with one another - and in how much slap fights those two engage in as a result despite both being mighty reality warpers.
Ok
This will most probably end in WW3.
Whoever wins, reality loses.
I honestly thought Discord would win, which I guess he technically did. He freed Equestria and fits well with the lesson of friendship that MLP Friendship is magic is known for. In this case making the ultimate sacrifice for your friends.  edit: Actually you know what, screw the result. When Discord said "Still, I'm surprised you don't recognize your own home", Tricked Bill to leaving the mlp verse and had the last laugh. It was an automatic win to me. Hell that proves he could've won the fight.
It sure is satisfying to see discord get the last laugh even though he lost
Heh
big fan of gravity falls but i feel like bill is gonna lose after watching what discord could do like that "he can erase memories" thing, i really do hope im wrong tho.
I BET BILL IS GONNA WIN
I m glad i grew up with these two shows both are better than most of what we had then and what we have now
Wiz and Boomstick sure had a 3d experience this time!!
My bets are on bill winning, but that’s only be I like gravity falls so much
ITS TIME
If the theme isn't de-ciphering chaos I will be disappointed
FINALLY
BEST SHOW EVER!!!
I think Bill cypher will lose because he was defeated by bunch of kids
ain’t no way the big bad from my little pony is called “discord” the jokes write themselves i swear 😂
I REALLY hope they got Alex Hirsch to voice Bill
I Want Bill to Win Because He Scales Very Close To Mario Kun and The Batman Who Laughs
If bill doesn't win ima riot
It can’t be a coincidence they’re releasing this on 9/11
The ending when Discord sacrificed himself to save his World and the fact also trapping Bill to the nightmare realm while taking the win was so satisfying!
Next death battle  Naomi mcduffie vs Monica rambeau  Kick ass vs Casey jones  Hit girl vs Damian Wayne  Alucard vs spawn Green lantern vs captain marvel  Venom vs shinichi Izumi  Denji vs wolverine  And 1 with Rambo John McClain xenomorph demogorgon hellboy Kamala Khan ironheart morbius and America Chavez
Before watching: I’ve watched animation rewinds version and the sneak peek I honestly believe that bill has it because of the fact that bill has less weaknesses than discord.Not to mention bill’s character is more evil than discord by that I mean by personality alone I could see discord just toying with bill while bill would keep trying but by power alone it’s a tie but I think bill has it due to his nature After watching: not surprised
Knowing death battle I feel that the character that everyone loves the most is gonna lose
I absolutely adore the thumbnail. It looks like Bill and Discord are using 1% of their power to bend reality and pose outside their halves of the thumbnail.
And I thought the universe was under peril with Deadpool vs Pinkie Pie!
Guys, bill wins easily-diff
Nelo Angelo VS Lord Starkiller (Devil May Cry VS Star Wars)
Next one do Hero Hunter (Garou) VS Hero Killer (Stain) pls🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
whoever wins, reality is screwed.
We'll meet again, don't know where, don't know when, oh I know we'll meet again some sunny day! - Floating cool ranch illuminati
Guys. Don't forget that this came out at 9/11
Im kind of leaning towards bill as he sbending shown great feats in his show but i think he bit more brutal than discord in end. But then again discord shown some reality bending feats and he still manipulate his surroundings when he doesn't have a body. Idk, guess have to find out later today but be at work. So be nice to watch when i get home.
We need more Custom Thumbnails for Death Battle
Something tells me this Death Battle will be *WAY* more chaotic than Deadpool vs The Mask
definitely one of the show’s best episode. they did so well!
666
Hello
I say, Discord is the closest MLP gets to having a literal god.
My money is on bill cypher
finnaly
I saw this battle early and i gotta say (no spoilers) I LOVED the battle but feels very bias and they forgot things about one of them so im not happy with the outcome of this fight tbh, but animation and fight is 10/10 (Also feel like this fight COULD be a ben 10 vs green lantern situation) Excited for the next fight
6 hours left
Next Time on Death Battle will be Ash Ketchum vs Iron Man!
Finally, Bill is in a death battle. Even though he might lose, im still rooting for him.
I'm more hyped for this fight than I've been with any matchup yet! This is gonna be epic!
I've seen this and spoiler get ready for chaotic
Given the fact we have a death battle between two embodiments of chaos and destruction, and it’s being released on 9/11 (I hope I don’t need to explain this one to American readers), it’s fitting I guess you could say.
May the best *CHAOS* Wins!
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Ohh so that explains why the sunset was tomato soup
Discord sweeps💪🏾💪🏾
I'll be honest. I did not expect a saceifice kill.
This is what we’ve been waiting for
No matter how powerful they are... they have never met Deadpool.
Trish VS Jeanne (Devil May Cry VS Bayonetta) for DEATH BATTLE!
This was one of those fights that could really go either way. Both of them can end the multiverse with a thought or distort reality to their whim.
Satoru gojo vs goku?
Not gonna spoil the ending of this since I saw it early, all I’ll say, is the way the battle ended is honestly sad and brutal at the same time, y’all will understand when you see it
To all the non members out there, have fun. This one is something else!  It was truly incredible
The embodiment of god of chaos and destruction/cunning/trickster
BILL CHIPER Won?
Sanguinius vs Hawkman!
im willing to bet discord wins. he cant be killed. has plot manipulation, breaks the fourth wall. gets stronger the more chaos there is which bill is going to create with ease
7 hours left
omg this fight finna go crazy
Is there anyone willing to change this ending ?
I wonder, am I the only 1 who would be interested in seeing Alex Mercer from Prototype (1 and 2) VS Ken Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul?  It would be pretty interesting to see which parasite would be the strongest.   Alex Mercer, the virus that brought along chaos with his army of infected, evolved and his ability to alter his biomass in so many ways. Or Ken Kaneki, the one eyed Ghoul that eats humans and ghouls, slays anyone who dares to hurt his loved ones with his deadly abilities.  (I personally think Mercer would win. The fight could *potentially* go like the fight between Alucard and Luke Valentine from Hellsing.)
bill cipher won
Dante VS Alucard (Devil May Cry VS Hellsing)
Can we all agreeing there’s no reality warping needed to say this episode will be better than the Cartoon Fight Club version
Commenting before the video releases:  While I have watched both shows, it's really hard to say who wins because they're both gods of Chaos and they almost have the exact same powers.  The only thing that makes sense about them is that neither of them makes any sense.  I'm rooting for Discord because i like him more, but no matter who wins this will surely be a memorable fight!
Every franchise and character that has ever been in Death Battle until now  *A Certain Magical Index* Misaka Mikoto  *Afro Samurai* Afro Samurai  *Akame Ga Kill* Esdeath  *Akira* Tetsuo Shima  *American Dragon* Jake Long  *Astro Boy* Astro Boy  *Attack on Titan* Mikasa Ackerman  *Avatar* Toph Beifong Aang Zuko Korra  *Battletoads* Zitz  *Bayonetta* Bayonetta  *Ben 10* Ben 10  *Berserk* Guts [x2]  *Black Clover* Asta  *Blazblue* Taokaka Ragna  *Bleach* Ichigo Aizen  *Bomberman* Bomberman  *Bucky O'Hare* Bucky O'Hare  *Castlevania* Dracula  *Chinese Mythology* Sun Wukong  *Crash Bandicoot* Crash Bandicoot  *Danny Phantom* Danny Phantom  *Dark Horse* Mask  *Dark Souls* Chosen Undead  *Darkstalkers* Felicia Jon Talbain  *DC* Wonder Woman [x3] Batman [x4] Superman [x2] Deathstroke Lex Luthor [x2] Green Arrow Flash (Barry Allen) Joker Doomsday Bane Batman Beyond Raven [x2] Doctor Fate Nightwing Darkseid Aquaman Shazam Green Lantern Lobo Static Black Canary Booster Gold Flash (Wally West) Red Hood Batgirl Reverse Flash Harley Quinn Zatanna Black Adam Aquaman (Super Friends) Atom Martian Manhunter  *Dead Rising* Frank West  *Demon Slayer* Tanjiro Kamado  *Devil May Cry* Dante Virgil  *Dig Dug* Dig Dig  *Digimon* Tai Agumon Renamon  *Doom* Doomguy  *Dragon Ball* Vegeta [x2] Goku [x2] Majin Buu Hurcule Satan Android 18 Roshi Beerus Broly Goku Black Xeno Trunks Gogeta Vegito  *Duck Tales* Scrooge McDuck  *Elfin Lied* Lucy  *Fairy Tail* Erza Scarlet Natsu Dragneel Gray Fullbuster  *Final Fantasy* Cloud Strife [x2] Tifa Lockheart Sephiroth  *Final Fight* Mike Hagger  *Fire Emblam* Dimitri  *Fist of the North Star* Kenshiro  *Friday the 13th* Jason Voorhees  *Fullmetal Alchemist* Edward Elric  *F-Zero* Captain Falcon  *Gamera* Gamera  *Gargoyles* Goliath  *God of War* Kratos  *Godzilla* Godzilla Mechagodzilla  *Gravity Falls* Bill Cipher  *Greek Mythology* Hercules  *Guilty Gear* Sol Badguy  *Gundam* Gundam Epyon Gundam RX-78-2  *Halloween* Michael Myers  *Halo* Master Chief  *Harry Potter* Harry Potter  *Hellsing* Alucard  *He-Man* He-Man She-Ra  *HunterxHunter* Killua Zoldyck  *Image* Spawn Omni-Man  *Jak & Daxter* Jak Daxter  *James Bond* James Bond  *John Wick* John Wick  *Jojo's Bizarre Adventure* Jotaro Kujo Dio Brando Jonathan Joestar  *Kid Icarus* Pit  *Killer Instinct* Riptor Orchid Fulgore Glacius TJ Combo Sabrewulf  *Kill La Kill* Ryuko Matoi  *Kingdom Hearts* Sora King Mickey  *King of Fighters* Mai Shiranui Terry Bogard Geese Howard  *Kirby* Kirby King Dedede  *Kool-Aid* Kool-Aid Man  *Kung Fu Panda* Po  *League of Legends* Jinx  *Legend of Zelda* Princess Zelda Link [x2] Ganondorf [x2]  *Lilo & Stitch* Stitch  *Lord of the Rings* Sauron  *Marvel* Rogue Thor [x3] Spider Man (Peter Parker) Captain America Deadpool [x3] Iron Man [x2] Beast Doctor Doom [x2] Wolverine Hawkeye Quicksilver Hulk [x2] Venom [x2] Captain Marvel [x2] Silver Samurai Spider Man 2099 Black Panther Doctor Strange Carnage Daredevil Ultron Thanos Namor Black Widow Ghost Rider Spider Man (Miles Morales) War Machine Cable Winter Soldier Spider-Gwen Iron Fist Storm Scarlet Witch Magneto Apocalypse Ant-Man Rocket Raccoon Phoenix Silver Surfer  *McGruff the Crime Dog* McGruff the Crime Dog  *Mega Man* Doctor Wily Mega Man [x2] Zero Sigma Mega Man X Mega Man Volnut Mega Man.EXE Mega Man Star Force  *Metal Gear* Solid Snake Raiden  *Metroid* Samus Aran [x2]  *Mob Psycho 100* Mob  *Mortal Kombat* Shang Tsung Raiden Shao Kahn [x2] Sektor Scorpion Sonya Blade Sub-Zero Johnny Cage Sindel Goro  *My Hero Academia* All Might Shoto Todoroki Izuku Midoriya/Deku  *My Little Pony* Rainbow Dash Pinkie Pie Twilight Sparkle Discord  *Naruto* Gaara Naruto Jiraiya Sasuke Might Guy Kakashi Rock Lee Madara Obito  *Ninja Gaiden* Ryu Hayabusa  *One Piece* Roronoa Zoro Portgas D. Ace Vinsmoke Sanji  *One Punch Man* Tatsumaki Genos Saitama  *Overwatch* Tracer Widowmaker  *Persona* Mitsuru Kirijo  *Pokémon* Pikachu Venusaur Blastoise Charizard Red Mega Charizard Mewtwo Lucario Machamp  *Popeye the Sailor Man* Popeye  *Power Rangers* Tigerzord Megazord Dragonzord Red Ranger Jason  *Predator* Predator  *Ratchet & Clank* Ratchet Clank  *Real Life* Justin Bieber Rebecca Black Chuck Norris Segata Sanshiro Macho Man Randy Savage  *Red Vs Blue* Meta Carolina Simmons Grif Donut Lopez Sarge Church Tucker Tex Shiela Caboose  *Resident Evil* Leon Kennedy  *Robocop* Robocop  *RWBY* Yang Xiao Long Weiss Schnee Blake Belladonna  *Sailor Moon* Sailor Galaxia  *Samurai Jack* Samurai Jack  *Scott Pilgrim Vs The World* Ramona Flowers  *Shovel Knight* Shovel Knight  *Skyrim* Dragonborn  *Smokey Bear* Smokey Bear  *Sonic the Hedgehog* Shadow [x3] Sonic [x2] Doctor Eggman Tails Knuckles Amy Rose Metal Sonic Archie Sonic Archie Silver  *Soul Calibur* Ivy Valentine Nightmare  *Soul Eater* Crona Gorgon  *Splinter Cell* Sam Fisher  *SpongeBob SquarePants* SpongeBob SquarePants  *Spyro the Dragon* Spyro the Dragon  *Star Fox* Fox McCloud  *Star Vs The Forces of Evil* Star Butterfly  *Star Wars* Boba Fett [x3] Luke Skywalker Darth Vader [x2] Obi-Wan Kenobi Yoda  *Steven Universe* Steven Universe  *Street Fighter* Akuma [x2] Zangief Chun-Li Blanka M. Bison Ryu [x2] Dan Hibiki Cammy White Ken Masters Balrog  *Strider* Strider Hiryu  *Super Mario* Goomba Koopa Yoshi Mario [x2] Princess Peach Luigi Donkey Kong Bowser Wario  *Team Fortress 2* Scout  *Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles* Leonardo [x3] Donatello Michael-Angelo Raphael Shredder  *Tekken* Jin Kasuma Heihachi Mishima  *Terminator* Terminator  *Thundercats* Lion-O  *Tomb Raider* Lara Croft  *Transformers* Starscream Optimus Prime  *Twisted Metal* Sweet Tooth/Needles Kaine  *Uncharted* Nathan Drake  *Voltron* Voltron  *Vought Comics* Homelander  *World of Warcraft* The Lich King  *Yu Yu Hakusho* Hiei
8 hours left
Who voiced Discord here? ProZD?
Dante VS Bayonetta REMATCH (Devil May Cry VS Bayonetta)
I didn't know his name was discord I called him horse sheep or sth as a kid
Please 🙏 make in the DEATH BATTLE future a battle between two rage empowered anti-heroes granted unyielding strength at the detriment of their societies who often fear them for their world-breaking power… Hulk VS Asura (Marvel VS Capcom) | Death Battle!😡
On 911 is crazy
John Wick vs Rambo
I have been calling out every since ethey made the first announcement 😭😭😭
Q from star trek
What a fitting episode the day it comes out
I love that they kinda both technically won and lost at the same time in a way because Discord had the moral victory but died, While Bill Cipher won the battle but got trapped and lost his chance to take over Equestria.
Spoilers:                              Bill wins and next time is Cole vs Alex.
Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler  Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler  Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler  Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler  Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler Spoiler       If Biff Weed doesn't bring up the Tai Lung cameo in his review for this episode I will be very disappointed in him.
This is gonna be entertaining
10 hours left
Please may bill cypher wins! Oh hail to our god deleter of all universes even goku, alien x and negative pups combined wouldn’t stand a chance against him while discord is just a dam deformed lizard who can only open portal with a scratch.
Discord, I'm howlin' at the moon And sleepin' in the middle of a summer afternoon Discord, whatever did we do To make you take our world away? Discord, are we your prey alone Or are we just a stepping stone for taking back the throne? Discord, we won't take it anymore So take your tyranny away   Just has to put the lyrics in there   Anyways I’m hyped to see who wins.
I already know that thingamabob from mlp is going to win just to piss off bill cipher fans
Bill wins😂
This fight was mid, but the next one is gonna be FIRE. Or rather, ELECTRIFYING.
Okay why am I seeing that both will find a way to work together; notkill each other and have fun causing chaos, breaking the fourth wall, and eating cotton candy clouds with chocolate rain like the death battle between Deadpool vs Pinkie Pie?
I just can't wait! BTW rip the fourth wall. EDIT: No matter who wins this fight I will be one happy camper. At first thought that this would be a Bill Cipher dub, but Discord does have more appearances, so it would make sense that he would have more feats. But hey, y'know what they say, what's the fun in making sense? NOTE: But hey, y'know what they say is now my new catchphrase, and I wouldn't have it any other way. SPOILER ALERT!!!!!         16:56 Sure thing Bill! Just make sure that Among Us VS Fall Guys happens next season and you'll be out of there in a jiffy! Huh. He actually did it. Equestria's doomed now. And you've got me to blame for it all.
I like how Discord just finished writing his letter to princess celestia, ending bill cipher exactly the same way he died.
Wow the Chaos battle that could rip apart all of reality is happening on 9/11.  Pretty sure that joke writes itself
So anyone gonna point out the day that Discord and Bill Cypher throw down happens to be 9/11? Like seriously the whole Tragedy/Comedy thing is in full swing here
I hope bill wins
Deez nutz
Ok everybody place you bets, who is gonna win this time?   Bill cipher the host that never dies for the party that never ends.  Or  Discord the god of chaos and disharmony
Novel bill could probably win vs comics discord, but the show versions fighting would be a bit closer. I think Bill has it.
No feck’n way
dancing school shooter song triangle vs inbred that's related to everyone
Very Fitting that this Episode was released on 9/11
We need to see boomstick vs. Wiz
What a fitting and interesting battle on a crazy day.
Most reality warping death battle
9-11💀💀💀
Winner🏆discord's i like it this we won🏆🎉my little pony amazing death battle! It's awesome🥰❤❤❤🎉👍tv show📺🦄my little pony yes! Okay sorry!? Boomsitck and wiz guys don't lose yourself this winner🏆discord's we won🏆🎉my little pony friendship is magic🦄😍❤okay we won🏆wiz my little pony friendship is magic i like it amazing music futterfly i like date amazing dragon🐉discord's legend of pony🦄 death battle! Don't lose yourself guys discord's wins🏆🎉❤👍
Woah! Mandela effect? I swear this one had already happened!
I don't who wins but the winner better pull a Manel Kape F Bomb.
The episode the fans wanted, we got, and it was fantastic.
Plastic Man VS Mr Fantastic
Jimmy Neutron (Nickelodeon) VS Dexter (Dexter's Laboratory, Cartoon Network)
❤
After Bill Cipher VS Discord (Gravity Fall VS My Little Pony) And Alex Mercer VS Cole Macgrath (Prototype VS Infamous) Then Is Megatron VS Sigma (Transformers VS Capcom) Then Is Ghost Rider VS Spawn (Marvel VS Image) Then Darth Sidious VS Frieza (Star Wars VS Dragon Ball) Then Is Mileena VS Nezuko (Mortal Kombat VS Demon Slayer) Then In December is Ultron VS Brainiac Then Optimus Prime VS All Might (Transformers VS My Hero Academia) Then In Final Is Godzilla VS Gamera (Toho VS Daiei) Remastered
About damn time
Swamp thing vs man thing
Thank God this is finally gonna be over, this would've been the last fight out of the voted ones I would've wanted so this past 2 weeks I've just turned my brain off
Raiden Shogun (Genshin) v.s. Raiden (Metal Gear Rising)
This episode was truly something special. I don’t really hold a special connection to either combatant but this immediately shot up to being my 2nd favorite Death battle of all time, there’s just so much love and creativity put into this one. Hats off to everyone who helped bring it to life!
Aw, Discord. It's been almost 4 years and I know he's still alive in g5 but I really miss my pony homies, you guys.
Discord will wins
So hyped to see my favorite guy Bill 💯
A Battle for the ages! Chaos against Chaos! The only thing that is certain is, this is going to be very Entertaining!
Acnologia Vs Kaido Fairy tail Vs One Piece The Dragon King Vs The Beast King
We love discord and Bill cyper and amazo and Majin Buu and Majin uub and perfect cell and Kermit the frog and T-Rex and madcap and doomsday and broly and uncle grandpa and pinhead and gingerdead man and Popeye the sailor man and sailor moon and Freddy Krueger and kratos and Sir Daniel and sweet tooth and lobo and crush and trigon and Galactus and Galactus's daughter aka galacta and Shazam aka Billy baston and Black Addam and sabbac and Johnny bravo and Troy Archie Harold Crawford and Michael Myer and ghost face and Ash Williams and leather face and Chucky and and Tiffany and Glen and the leprechaun and Jack Frost and the Jack-o-lantern and Santa Claus and krampus and aliens 👾👽 and alien predators👾👽 and ugly Americans and American dad and helluva boss and hazbin hotels and Tokyo ghouls and sasquatch and big mouth and family guy and South park and the Simpsons and Futurama and drawn together and bird-man and the league of super evil and villainous and nefarious and the sinister 6 and the justice league and the league of doom and the bizarro league of super bizarro league yeah because they are awesome and the best and the greatest and amazing and all ways wicked and funny and hilarious  and brilliant and lovable and mischievous and vengeful and cool and wonderful and badass and brave and heroic and villainous and nefarious and scary and spooky and lucky and very powerful and super strong and super strength and super hardcore and invincible and indestructible and incredible and excellent spirit and perfect and freandly and fearless leaderships and loyalty and regeneration and healing and regrowing and growing and crazy and happy and healthy and immortal and looney toons and has superpowers and abilities and skills and talents and has supernatural powers and is always angry and healthy and very fun and nice and protective and kind and adorable and cuddly and good and bad and dark and evil 😈😇💪🙂🦾💪🤩🦾🌞🌛!!!!!!!!!.
The battle of the God's
You should have all the Power Rangers teams go against each other in a death battle
Enserio quiero que hagan ese versus
The pyramid from the dollar bill VS a dragon-pony chimera thing. What weird shenanigans will be presented in this fight.
Pueden hacer eso death battle que estos dos gatos pelen
Saw the episode early, The fight is really amazing. There's also really cool references in there so best pay attention to the background every now and then. Ending was pretty amazing and the next time will hype a lot of people
Gumball vs cat felix
Can't wait to watch this death battle between Discord and Bill Cipher. Seeing these two antagonists from popular shows from the 2010s return like this puts a smile on my face because I always wanted to see these two fight each other. No matter who wins, I'm glad to see these two again. Besides, I am rooting for Discord to win. And when he does, I hope Pinkie Pie returns and she and Discord both break the fourth wall.
I miss Gravity Falls so much. Can’t believe it’s already 11 years old. Dear lord where does the time go? I just started my senior year of high school? For people who missed the 2010 decade, what do you wish you could’ve done back then? Or watch any 2010 show you missed? For me; Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Modern Family, Breaking Bad, Steven Universe, My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, Game of Thrones, Lord of the Rings movies, Phineas and Ferb, etc. *SO* many great shows back in the 2010 era…
This was honestly one of my favorite episodes to date. And the ending was cathartic.  Also very HYPED for whose next!
I wouldn't be surprised they made a death battle with trollge
Space Marines (Warhammer 40k)  VS Spartans (Halo)
I can't wait to see that this is going to be awesome 🤩
Cinder(RWBY) vs Blaze(Sonic Games).
Ofc some mf spoils it in the live chat, smh
I can already tell this is gonna be the most chaotic Death Battle ever made. It’s also been over 5 years since MLP has had another rep on Death Battle and Bill introducing Gravity Falls to Death Battle.   I’m rooting for Bill since he’s my favorite Gravity Falls character, but if MLP appears again after 5 years and gets a W, I won’t be mad.
discord wins in my heart purely cus the eurobeat brony song slaps lol
Alr ready watched it 💀
Bill and Discord are some of my favorite fictional characters of all time and finally seeing them in a proper Death Battle was music to my ears. Even if I don't agree with some of the scaling or who wins. I'm just glad these wonderful series get representation.
I hope discord wins
Rooting Bill betting Discord The triangular terror of Gravity Falls VS The concept of chaos itself. Chaos & weirdness emerges in this bizarre fisticuffs till one of them ensures the other’s demise & winner of the 2-D Champion’s Poll
Don't know if it will be this too
I saw the preview :)  ...taht ekil ti liops dluow I thguoht uoy tiaW
Por primera vez se enforzaron con la miniatura
I love all the different animation styles used in the fight and how pretty evenly matched they were. And that unexpected ending was so good. Bill may have won, but Discord definitely got the last laugh. His sacrifice for the magic of friendship will never be forgotten.
One thing’s for sure, tonight it’s gonna get WEIRD
Whoever wins, nuclear fallout will ensue.  That being said, I hope everyone that watches this episode enjoys it, because it's _SO_ GOOD! I'd personally call it one of the show's best, even!
Bill Cipher vs Discord: Doritos and Dragons Joseph Fallon (MUC) [LostDreamsProductions] vs Wielker Sol (MUC) [The Voices]: Lost Voices in the Dreams
Been waiting for this one since it was announced
Cant wait ❤🔥
I wonder if they teamed up to take on the Chaos Gods at their full power
Evil chaos vs good chaos, who wins?
E
The Golden Dorito has got this
We already know bill wins not even a challenge when a bunch of people already compared them and bill won
Can we try to be civil this time? MLP hasn’t had the best history on the show and I’m worried that if people keep lashing out they won’t bring back the series. And as someone who saw this early due to my Champion status, this is a phenomenal episode. If you disagree, which I know people will regardless of the result, then don’t use it as a reason to attack the DB team please. Don’t let all the hard work they put into this masterpiece get bogged down because you don’t agree with the winner.
Equalizer vs John Wick
The fight is probably Hand drawn animation  Which I'm really excited for since Homelander vs Omniman or Macho man vs Kool aid man
Team My little Pony’s losing streak continues. The last time they won a match was Rainbow Dash.
Bill Cipher? He is Killed by Sephiroth!
Spoilers for all you non-1st members and/or planet champions out there:            The next DEATH BATTLE is the second pole winner Alex Mercer vs Cole McGrath
Here's a good fight I guess tanjoruo vs kaneki idk one is from demon slayer and ones from Tokyo ghoul
Whoever wins it would be an interesting fight.
I hope there will be fourth wall breaks in this fight
Bill cipher will surely win this battle for sure and claim victory
Gotta love that the episode that mocks the comment section being filled with random fight requests already has 3 people requesting fights Just let them do the episodes they want they have more then enough requests guys
May the most chaotic win
Man. This came quicker than I thought. I've seen Gravity Falls and i liked it. Is MLP worth watching?
Who will win? The Lord of Chaos or a Dorito with a top hat
Crazy how this will premiere on 9/11
Bill Cipher wins free.
Whoever wins    *we lose*
No matter who wins, we lose.
Here is an idea. Honestly, I think Sailor Mercury vs Blue Ranger Billy is kinda....boring. Not only do their powers clash in a unappealing way as they don't mesh well, even with his era's Megazord, I don't think Billy could do much to Ami. So here is an idea with a character I feel could at least put up a fight.Sailor Mercury vs Tecna (Sailor Moon vs Winx Club)  Ami and Tecna are both of them are young females with short hair. Both of them are the smartest member of their respective groups of magical girls (Sailor Guardians for Sailor Mercury and the Winx Club for Tecna), but are often considered the weakest in terms of raw power. Both of them started off a bit awkward around others, and were a bit anti-social, until they came out of their shells thanks to their friends who they fight alongside. Both of them have some sort of high status of their world of origin (Ami is the Princess of Mercury and Tecna is the Guardian Fairy of Zenith). In addition, the member of the team they are often considered closest to (Makoto Kino/Sailor Jupiter for Ami and Musa for Tecna) are considered the more tomboyish type among the group. In addition, they are the two who's powers are the most varied (Mercury is able use the various forms of water, including fog and ice while Tecna's powers are themed around technology such, like an energy blast called Laser Beam or her defensive barrier, Firewall to name a few). Both also enjoy a good game of Chess.
