This video has a correction: the subtitles should say "Schusswaffen [firearms]" not "Schutzwaffen [defensive weapons]". My transcriber and translator was German, but not Swiss German, so it's an understandable mistake! There's unfortunately no way to fix that in-video, but hopefully it still makes sense.
There are lots of shootig rangen firing over streets....
What language does Edwin speak here?
The biggest risk is some prankster climbing up that wall at an unfortunate timing. Hopefully there's a fence around it and signs telling people not to get near that wall.
It's too dangerous. 1 mistake away from killing an innocent person. Your trusting that a human won't make a mistake is foolish.
2.4 million? Those are rookie numbers
I recognize this one! It's the Californian I5!
The regular distance with this Sig 550/Stgw 90 rifle is 300m (985ft) without telescopic sight. I did it myself and gained 48 points with 6 shots as an absolute beginner, these guns are really nice and precise....not such crap like ar15.
0:05 wellll in Americas defense, Switzerland is smaller then some of our states. So it’s more like 55-60 Switzerland’s compared to 1 😂
I wonder if those rounds could grace the top of the wall juust enough to lose speed or change trajectory downwards.
I live in Switzerland and have walked UNDER the bullets’ flightpath on a range like this, and I found it very scary indeed. The noise is extremely alarming.
The range I go to has barriers above the firing line so no one can launch a bullet into neighborhoods behind the range
i can understand this beteer then german from germany
This would never be allowed in the US. The common belief is that the US puts the least amount of regulations on every activity you can think about but there´s a lot of places on earth that regulate specific things less than the US does. There are places on earth that have more economic freedom than any place in the US.
All OK, until an innocent child takes a bullet to the brain. He admitted to there being two incidents already. I guess it really is fine until someone dies, then change it.
yes you can keep the firearm BUT not any bullets!
Its called a ricochet
"Around 80000 rounds per year" rookie numbers 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Ahh, now I know why Swiss cheese is full of holes!
Whats up with Youtube recommendations!!
This is perfectly safe as long as the ammunition is to spec ...
THis seems like a dumb idea
80k rounds a year isn't much. I guess their population isn't much either though. That's only about 220 rounds a day. So, 2 people shooting 100 rounds each.
What if someone curves the bullet?
range technology has certainly progressed, long gone are the days of sitting in the buts with an arrow on a bit of wood, pointing at where the shooter has hit.
How is that legal? Wtf 😂
Zurich is not safe anymore, unfortunately.
Ok but what if the bullet is REALLY heavy and falls to the road? 🤔
Best, but not only one by far. There are a few if not dozens of ranges that shoot over “uncommon” places🤪
seeing the thumbnail I knew immediately this had to be in Switzerland.
Countries like Switzerland prove that the problem with gun violence in America is not guns, but Americans. They don't respect guns, they think they are toys for grown men.
I just know Americans would find a way 😂
push ? he mean pull
I'm not as concerned about untrained people as I am people who, for a split second of intense frustration, decide they no longer care about legality while owning a gun.  Hell, being trained just makes them a better killer in that case.
Drove by this point at the weekend.  However, saying it is an two hour drive from Zürich doesn’t really narrow anything down in Switzerland😅 0:15
I live in Switzerland but i wish i lived in the US :(
The only way I can see is an improperly loaded cartridge with not enough powder causing the projectile to lose inertia just as it crests over the wall or thereabouts.   Odds are extremely slim for then there to be a passing vehicle at just the right moment when the projectile tumbles out of the air.  Again, extremely unlikely but I think it's plausible.
There are more than one shooting range where you shoot over a busy riad in switzerland.
Jesus, i speak german and this guy is almost not understandable
I will add that the reason Switzerland has a high rate of people who own guns and a low rate of people who are hurt by guns is because Switzerland has an extremely low rate of people who want to hurt other people. Compared to the US, Switzerland has a far better quality of people, with better morals, and better appreciation of human life. The US has a lot of generally bad human beings.
AMERICA COULD NEVER ACHIEVE THIS HAHAHAHA
Is there a reason they decided to build over a road? Couldn’t they have done it somewhere else?
I miss Tom Scott so much! :(
course it's safe. no tards over there
Libs in America are punching the air when they see this video 🤣
Was für ein dämlicher Schwachsinn
even the cows are safe
as an Austrian I always knew the swiss have many Firearms since I've heard you can choose to keep the firearm you get when serving in the military.  Now you gotta imagine  my shock and complete disbelief when I found out the USA has 4 times as many fire arms per capita.
Its all fun until a lost double decker bus crosses the road at the wrong time.
Really bad and dangerous design. Im really good shot and while very rare, misfires happen, also while also rare, shrapnel can travel 100+ meters easily, had prats bullets come back and hit me in the hand, twice already.
Swiss German sounded like a mix of Flemish and German 😂😂😂
Whos here after the triple decker bus tragedy?
This looks like a perfect idea for a new Hitman mission
Switzerland also has a really low percentage of N’s
if the round isn't charged enough with gun powder, the bullet may drop in between
Im dutch and i can understand what he was saying crazy world
That would not work in the United States.
I hope no one uses a subsonic round
It’s your breathing btw. That’s why you were missing.
I think Tom should drive below it while they’re shooting to see if they can hear the bullets traveling
Y tho?
2:40 theoretically, if a bullet travels low enough and barely scrapes the surface if the barrier and then looses enough energy to be airborne at a lower tragectory there is a way to hit a car. But i guess then the bullet wont have enough energy to penetrate the car.
Hmm. I wonder what the difference might be between Switzerland and the US? I wonder if looking at the overwhelming majority of gun crime in the US you might notice some sort of... demographic coincidence?
It is set up so you cannot possibly fire at the road. There are concrete baffles preventing people from shooting too low or too far to either side.
∩
4:10 The guy said that you are not allowed to shoot while standing. 2:03 He said that you can only shoot when you are prone.
Heavy accent on that German
how thick is the concrete wall ?
ok youtube i watched it , u happy now ?
The Swiss and Texans would get along very well 😂
It doesn't have to be political. You're allowed to look at facts.   I'm an American. I'm a veteran. I am quite qualified. And I can attest to what you're saying, without bringing up the name of a single politician.   Our country is a perfect petri dish for this, because we have 50 different sets of laws. In our states which are most restrictive of gun ownership, you have the most crime. Where guns are illegal, homicide rates are the highest. Don't take it from me. Don't take it from a politician. Find your favorite statistics website that you trust, and go see for yourself.   I recently moved from my home state of North Carolina, across the border into South Carolina, for one reason only: South Carolina removed its gun restrictions on citizens. Someone in the South Carolina state government actually picked up a copy of our Constitution one day and read it.   And as soon as they did that, I sold the house and moved across the border.   It's not politics. It's sanity. Criminals do not follow laws. Therefore, laws only disarm law-abiding citizens, thereby shifting the balance of power in favor of the criminals.   It's common sense. There's nothing wrong with being funny different side of the political aisle but still maintaining common sense.  There should be no one on the side of taking guns away from law abiding citizens. That's just galactically stupid.
The cars have the right to defend them selfs
Well if you ignore all the flaws
0:05 Switzerland also has a very low rate of organized crime, which explains the other 2 statistics. If the UK and US would go after gangs like they should, their rates of knife and gun crime would plummet.
1:20 and there’s the difference 🇺🇸
We were traveling in camper vans in Switzerland a couple years ago with our Swiss friends. Stopped at a picnic area for lunch. While eating we started to hear gunshots and could actually hear the bullets going over our heads! We were in a valley and the range was above us shooting across the valley! Our Swiss friends just said it was not unusual. We got used to,it, enjoyed our lunch and went on our way! Got to love Switzerland!
guns dont kill people people kill people unless ofcourse its the sig p320
Switzerland is also mainly Caucasian
Very cool. There's an interesting duality between American and Swiss gun ownership/use, two very different motives for allowing it for the citizenry which translates to familiar but also very different ways of handling firearm ownership in either country. I'm partial to the American doctrine around gun ownership but the Swiss doctrine has merit, just depends on the reason behind civilian firearm ownership in a given place.
This might not fly in the US but rules on these things varies greatly from state to state, city to city, or even sometimes range to range. Many things are the same though, for example in Idaho ranges firearms are to be always unloaded except when at the firing line, firearms are always to be pointed down range, etc. I think the closest example I can think of  was an anecdote where a road got too close to the range for comfort and they had to create a really thick reinforced embankment to make it impossible for bullets to get through, they might have even buried steel plates in the embankment to leave no doubt. they still had to have someone come and verify though that there were no angles where someone could get hit. Gun ranges tend to get a lot of scrutiny so they tend to actually be fairly big on safety and firearm education.
1:58 he says Schusswaffen, not Schutzwaffen
What if somebody shots down thru the wall on highway
That electronic targeting by sound is really cool
Everyone has to set a polygraph test before they can shoot a fire arm
You have already admitted that it is a danger and an unacceptable range
You would not be talking about the safety aspect of this range if t was not a dsnger
Straightaway I said this rangers
God said this is unaceptable
I took 4 years of german in hs and it's weird half-understanding videos like these
Very cool! Some people in the US would go insane if anyone even thought building a range like that.
But hold on, we are told that if a country has firearms people will be shot every single day, not to mention schools, banks, workplaces? 🤷🏼‍♂️
I've used an iron sight while firing a 7.62 bolt action rifle at 600m, but that was also prone and with a spotter. Still a fun experience
Imagine Mr. Bean passing driving while sitting on the sofa on top of his car.
Ive got a newfound respect for the Swiss now!
Firearm deaths in the US have nothing to do with training.  I can tell you with 100% certainty what the problem is but YouTube would shut down my comments for another 24 hours.
madness
"we shoot twice and went back home" was Backed by Policy and everyones blood, sweat and tears. this country is no joke.
Who came here from TikTok to check how this was possible
Bahahahahhahahahahah this is some odd propaganda
Can you imagine trying to get this signed off in the UK, or even the US 🤣  I think you'd get sent to prison by the health and safety mob in the UK just for asking.
What if your bullet clips the top of the wall? Couldn't that in theory redirect it somewhere you don't want?
What about in between the trees around the target? While unlikely, there could be people and whatnot exploring there.
The real question is why tho... Why not just build it 90 degrees to the right and not having to think about that.
What if the bullet hits a bird or large insect, could it be deflected enough to hit a car? "A million to one odds" but stranger things have happened.
I wonder if that has anything to do with the demographics. 0:10
There are some ranges like this here in Switzerland
Drove past here with work and my brain was like wait a minute, Tom Scott has told me about this place😂
while what he says its true, a big reason for the safety is that you are not allowed to take the bullets home without having a special permit and it's not like a US permit. it's rather rare. and while there is always a shadow amount of bullets that gets slipped through the cracks in army service or on the shooting range, the actual number of bullets in civilian hands in this country is really really low
"defensive weapons" they call rifles? I wonder when that euphemism came into use
genau da hatte ich mein obligatorisches schiessen wärend meiner dienst zeit
So what if a bird gets hit, lands on a car windscreen and causes an accident.
Ähnliche Schiessanlagen gibt noch einige in der Schweiz.
there are many ranges like that in Switzerland
A sig550 with recoil 😂😂😂
I love how by just looking at the thumbnail and the title I knew it was I'm Switzerland hahaha
I saw the title and thought, what else frome the US but I'm surprised
Well, we use electronic target-systems for decades in switzerland. The one in this video is an older one. I believe it's the second generation of such systems. Should be the original build in system from 23 years before, as they built the firerange.  Paper is used for semantic historical events, like the "Rütli-Shooting", and pistoleros only. On 200-300m Firerange of this historical events, we have people who sitting behind walls/rocks and go out while ceasefire to look at the targets, sending the results by moving several different colored ladles.
As the saying goes: Switzerland doesn't have an army, Switzerland is an army
this is stupid
Hi Tom, when comeback? Thx, bye
There are many of these in Switzerland. They put up a warning sign when they are shooting, but I never know what I'm supposed to do other than drive through regardless
He Tom in Ennetbürgen (Nidwalden) gibt es ebenfalls eine solche Anlange. Und es ist noch lange nicht nur die 2. einer solchen in der Schweiz. Und warum sagtest u nicht dass es etwa 50 Kilometer von Bern Richtung Brünig, bei Spiez, ist?
I saw the thumbnail, read the title, and knew this must be in Switzerland. I am very proud of my country and its culture of behaving reasonably in many circumstances - not only shooting, but also things like driving, public safety, and the political system that’s built upon collaboration and not drama.  I understand why the transcription error of “Schutzwaffen” vs. “Schusswaffen” happened, but just to make it clear: he’s not speaking Swiss German (an alemannic language close to German, but sometimes not understood by native German speakers) but Swiss Standard German, which is very close to what native German speakers use. He’s just having a Swiss accent and it’s clearly noticeable that he usually speaks Swiss German, not Standard German, which in Switzerland is usually mostly used in writing
I’m 6 foot 6 or a little over 200 cm… I would think I’d be comfortable walking along that road
One more reason to love Switzerland!! ❤
my question is still... why tho?
Well there have been tragic incidents in CH, like people having a cartrdige still loaded and shooting randomly. So I don't trust 100% these shooting ranges knowing the amount of low IQ/drunk guys that you can meet there. Apply to our CH army as well, now I think they are filtering a bit better though.
Do I detect a subtle British style jab at the US there Tom?  Listen to the way he emphasizes the "training" part.
shooting in America: "Hold my beer- I'll hit it blindfolded!"
Meanwhile in America, no rapid fire in the range.
We all have airplanes flying overhead.  They would do a lot more damage than a stray bullet.
That is, the mandatory rule of loading and unloading the riffle when being lay down will be explained to you once, or twice ... if you're not able to understand or apply it, you won't be allowed to come back.
I don't want to be British *becomes American*
Very cool, but I'm curious about the possibilities of Grazing the top of the wall & causing bullet tumble or small concrete fragments to fly off??  Granted, it'd have to be a Horrible shot, but accidents happen.... 🤷‍♂
Its not that people don't want to or need to defend themselves. It's that they can't, because you took their defensive weapons.
TOm what was that thing you said about crazy guys joining rifle clubs just to throw it all away to take one potshot at a president? I mean car
In eastern Germany, aka: GDR, there was minimum 1 military training place, with hard shooting, and within it was a road open for public.
It's [2021] and still mandatory military service only for men? That's not very progressive
Swiss seem cool. What do the Brits do? Play with dolls?
Canada has even more guns per capita
I understand how training will prevent a lot of accidental deaths, but how come intentional gun violence is so much more common in usa?
there is a possibility actually, a faster bullet hitting a slower bullet in the air above the road and ricocheting down into the cars
Swiss German is like an entirely different dialect
I heard that in Switzerland, about 70% speak German, 20% speak French, and 10% speak Italian.
Imagine that being responsible for your actions!
Interesting, but not complete. What happens in case of bad round? And by "bad" I mean loaded with less powder than it should. In this case bullet will have less energy, less velocity and will drop fast enough to hit a road. The only question remains what is the most possible energy for a bullet shot right above the wall that still can hit car on a road and how dangerous this bullet will be.
The drivers all get “stay calm under fire” training for free.
That is totally illegal here in the states
what if the bullet changes its small little mind as it sees a vulnerable little driver and RUSHES straight  into him huh? did they take that into account? or what if the gravitational pull of the earth suddenly becomes 20 times stronger for 1.4 seconds?
this was just down the road from me, nothing unusual..there are more...
This guy acts like their attitude towards firearms is one of respect and who would throw their permits away by shooting someone? Guess what? Most people who commit unlawful shootings in the U.S. aren't trained, lawfully armed, ccw holders with legal firearms. They're criminals with guns that are most likely stolen at some point. And Range Safety Officers here do the same thing if you break the rules. This is a propaganda piece.
Isn't it mandatory to own and proficiently use a rifle in case of emergency situation in Switzerland?
2.4million in Switzerland? Probably 3 million in LA alone lmao
I get all the politics about how this is technically allowed BUT HOW DID IT EVER EVEN GET BUILT???
Just passed that road yesterday on my way to Oeschinensee, was scared for a second hearing bullets passing by before my friend explained me everything haha.
Couldn't they have found somewhere else to shoot?
Roof top car user 😂
I thought this was the story of how spa started from the thumbnail
I need to move to Switzerland, man what a country.
Youtube is wildin with this 😭
I mean... Physics. with that wall and the speed a bullet gets shot at, there's no way the bullets will hit a car.
It's unlikely, but couldn't a bullet theoretically ricochet upwards off the corner of the concrete, and then fall down on the road?
How many points is a cow and a car?
Is there a possibility that a failed load would fall short of its full range and arc onto the freeway?
What a fascinating spot
mandatory service is gross
They have a lot of faith in that wall
the most flemish sounding swis man ever
What if the bullet skims off the top of the wall and is just enough decelerated to go down the trajectory and hit a car ? It is a very possible scenario.
The western urge to compare America against specific Nordic euro countries is relentless
This feels like one of those cases where everyone knows it is a bad idea and yet everyone will try to justify it until something happens and then suddenly blame everyone else for stating that it was safe to begin with.
Switzerland has a low rate of getting hurt by guns because.... well... demographics.  We all know who commits the most gun crime here in the US and it isn't the majority.
Imagine a foreigner telling you which rights you should give up.
It's always safe until it's not.
Shooting over a busy highway is a really bad idea. There are a number of scenarios that could cause a round to impact the highway area. Accidental discharge, shooter out of position, squib load. A range operator can't rely on perfect human performance day after day. You design the facility for the worst possible scenario, not the best hopeful outcome. It's great the Swiss are gun enthusiasts, but they can do better here.
Whites with guns aren't the issue.
The issue we have in the states is the People. Switzerland doesn't have that problem.
It really is amazing how Americans are opposed to responsible gun ownership.
абсолютно безопасно. особенно грунтовая дорога в 3 метрах от мишеней
I would not have guessed that 30cm of concreate would be enough to stop any bullet at all
SIG 550
Take notes America. It's not a gun problem It's an education, common sense and respect of the firearm problem.
Wait wait wait wait, I am Dutch and never knew I can just understand swiss simply because I know German too... Came here thinking I would learn something about Switzerland, found out I understand a language I never knew I understood 😂
Two words:  Short... rounds.
As soon as you stand up with a loaded rifle, instant 5 stars
I wonder if you can hear super-sonic bullets when you drive past them. Or do they only fire sub-sonic?
There is a possibility to do a glancing shot by hitting the upper edge of the wall - so a shrapnell can thrill to the cars...
where is this
As a German: Thank you for the subtitles
He talks about the road but I personally think they just built the walls just so that cows don't wander in and block their targets.
I wonder what the racial demographics of Switzerland are
This is exactly why people shouldn't have guns.
The typical shooting incident in a setting like this is somebody forgetting to unchamber the last round, getting up, and involuntarily discharging it. Usually it is just a scare and some material damage. The typical severe shooting incident in the Swiss milita system is a suicide with the own weapon.
Brilliant, there must be strict  rules on ammunition type (minimum muzzle velocity, no subs) otherwise you could maybe arc a bullet over the wall and onto the road.
Cool video !
the CIA tried to get people addicted to crack.
What if the bullet brushes that wall? It could ‘lop’ over in an arch and hit an incoming vehicle?
Gives new meaning to the term Swiss "miss"
Watching old Tom Scott videos like a longing lover waiting for her husband to return from the war
Says it’s safer because of random BS then shows a range over cars 💀
so no school shootings in switzerland? what is the US doing wrong?
In America someone would stand up and go on a rampage. It's sad how bad it's become in my country.
Hell yea dude
Nice video. This locations actually 40 minutes away from Bern (capital city of switzerland) or 30 minutes away from Interlaken (which most of you foreigners may know). If you wan't to go to Gstaad you drive throught there. I myself drive throught there 2 times per day. In the shot at 0:18 you can actually see my company in the industrial district in the top left corner of the image. So Tom, if you happen to be there another time, i'm gladly offer you a coffee ;)
How about the bullet hitting the edge of the wall at exactly the angle/speed needed for it to be scattered and finally those bullet debris to hit a passing car? Probably far-fetched but that passed from my mind when I saw how close this road is to the targets.
there are people with brain and hearts and guns and there are people with guns in the world... easy as that
People forget Switzerland itself is a big natural fortress with some human innovation from WW2. Those bunkers and underground tunnel systems are wonders of their own. With the educated and trained population i don't think someone can just conquer Switzerland without some heavy nukes or chemical agents.
Why is this Brit so surprised marksmen are responsible? There’s a reason we let the British
What could POSSIBLY GO WRONG!!??!???!
One day, American will be this cool again.
...and as soon as Switzerland outlaws' ricochets, there will never be an issue.
Watch and learn America,no gun massacres every month over here.
there are major differences between switzerland and the USA...1. the taxes are WAYYYYYYYY higher 2. the racial demographics put white ppl at about 90-95% of the population meaning its a homogenous society and not a melting pot like the USA 3. most of the gun/violent crimes by percentage of racial groups in the USA put blk ppl as the major aggressor despite being 13% of the population
Exactly. There is no such thing as a firearms accident; only violations of firearms safety standards.
You know what Switzerland doesn't have? Certain kind of people who do certain activities, also the country is small and easy to have tight control over everything.
I think the idea of being allowed to receive firearms after training is a great idea. Its not the gun thats is the problem its always the person, who choses to use it in the way they do
I'll save you 5 minutes. There's a wall in the way, so if you shoot too low then you hit the wall instead of the road.
When I was in the US military at the end of Basic Training we have a three day exercise and they fire live tracer rounds above your head. They had been doing it for many years without incident as far as I know they still do. This is why they have it calculated to not hit you. You can literally hear the round flying over you.
Sensible Switzerland.... we should do the same here in NZ. We have 250,000 licenced gun owners and about 1.5 million guns in the country.... I belong to a club (two of them actually), but many do not and their gun handling is at times a bit 'spotty'... :-)
Wait..... you get to keep the gun after service? Thats way better the usa
2:377 no quite true..a bullet could hit the top and spit off the concrete towards the road..totally possible. not likely but possible
God bless America... oh wait never mind
Hey as long as you shoot well over the Roadway no Biggie!! In Pa. here the same holds for Deer Hunting as long as as long as you are shooting above the roadway!!
Cool range. I live in America. Love guns. Every citizen should be armed and able to protect themselves, property, and lives of others.
Aqui en España un campo de tiro como este seria impensable. Mucha mierda Política en contra de las armas.
As the Lord intended
I remember once driving on a major highway in northern Wisconsin and hearing a rather loud gunshot -- quite nearby. I made note of the location and later looked on Google Maps and saw that there was a shooting range parallel to the highway. Not what I would consider an ideal situation, but if someone wants to be dumb, dumb people are clever enough to screw things up in any case.
Ultimate test range for the barrier!
British people talking about guns gives me brain rot “I thought this was a magnifier.” Looks through iron sights🤣🤦🏻‍♂️
What if somebody has a underloaded cartridge or any kind of malfunction that slow down the bullet? It will fall down sooner but still carry enough energy to cause some damage 🙄
that would never fly here..
Guns are safe, people aren't
A common misconception is that people in the US just walk into a gun store, buy a gun and go start shooting.  That isn't what happens.  I've never met anyone who did not have at least minimal training, who practices regularly, and observes the gun safety rules, especially the top 4.  I feel safer at a busy range than I do on the road to get there.
Not many people hurt by guns? Well you know what Switzerland doesnt have???
Nothing like eating lunch and watching some Tom Scott. One of my favorite past times.
That’s so fckd up. 😳😳
Theres also one near me shooting over the main road aswell
As a marksman  I WANT TO GO THERE
Switzerland has almost no firearms related incidents, because the nation is full of swiss people. If you look at who commits the most actual crime in the US, and remove them from the stats, the US has the same amount of gun crime as any European nation. Diversity is not a strength.
whatever you say that just is not 100 percent safe theres alot that could go wrong and 1 in a billion can happen
You do not have to fire
No firearm related issues because there are no blacks in Switzerland.
i think can cannon can hit the car
What happens if something like a bird intercepts the shooting trajectory while it's above the highway?
there is an important information missing which prevents me from jumping on the bandwagoon of enthusiasts of this shooting range: how do they prevent ricochets hitting the very top edge of the wall from spinning down on the road.
“I’m British, so I’m not qualified to talk about gun legislation,”.  Erm…WTF? We have fewer gun deaths in the U.K. precisely BECAUSE of strict legislation! We absolutely ARE qualified to talk about how we’re not all getting shot all the bloody time. If you live in a country that can’t stop children from getting machinegunned in their school, then YOU’RE not qualified to talk about gun laws.
There’s many rifle ranges with roads in front, and below, like this one all around Switzerland.
Wow
If I’ve been taught anything….i know that “you have no idea what a bullets going to do” Those speeds are so fast you can’t really ever be sure.
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership. I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified..." Well, Tom Scott, as an American who is very serious about my rights, all my respect goes out to you bud
This is what we want in america. For everyone to be trained and educated on firearms safety. If 30% of our population is too scared to touch one, their kids wont know how to use/ be safe with them. Everyone, pro or anti gun control, needs to know the basica of how to handle one safely. There may come a time in anyones life when they need to use one, itd be sad if they couldnt figure out how to turn the safety off and lost their lives
I heard double decker buses can't be open top along this road.  Is that true?
Literally anyone at any point could just aim at a car,truck or van….. 😮 that’s the maddest range I’ve seen but looks cool
It is what it is and this is stupid............
This range has been there since 1998. They have never had a stray bullet hit anything. The trajectory and laying prone makes it so you cant even see the road. Military and civillians  qualify here. You have to serve 2 years in the military. The  swiss have a great respect for firearms.
There's probably 2.4 million in a singular US state
Cool range but my Murphy's law senses tingle too much with it being over a road.
was riding my motorcycle on this road and always heard the bullets fly overhead. very easy to hear with motorcycle helmet on
Gosh, I love my country. I lived in London for many years and actually never wanted to move back to Switzerland. Since returning, I’ve had an uneasy friendship with Switzerland, always missing England. How strange is it, that it took an English man’s numerous videos to make myself fall in love with my native country again. Thank you Tom!
👍👍 I want to go
What if a bad round with not enough powder only just makes it over the wall and start to dive just after getting over the wall. BULLETS DO WEIRD THINGS
Tom Scott - "There just isn't a possible trajectory for a bullet that can damage anything..."  American Republicans - "Hold my beer."
Not the place to drive your double decker then!
I understand a bit of German and his accent is just very funny to me
Here in America, most firearms owners are well trained in their use of firearms as well. Don't believe the hype you see in the media
I am Swiss and had to complete the military and if you don't follow the gun rules you will be yelled at from all sides and will never hold a gun in your hand again
this video resonates with americans.
No way i can hit a car.
Perhaps I missed it, but I didn't hear any mention of the distance to those targets.
From the sky it looks dangerous, but the concrete barrier makes sense. Our gun range here in the states has a similar feature, but 10 feet above the ground to prevent stray rounds from going into neighboring homes' yards since our club is in the middle of a residential area. We were there before the houses, but we take great care to protect our neighbors.
This should be an example to americans but probably will never happen. Swiss society is highly responsible and work towards a common goal, the US we all know what they are.
training doesnt ensure safety to the society. society ensures safety to society.
Sorry, shooting across a public highway that is part of a shooting range is unsafe and irresponsible. The authorities that allow the development of this range are incompetent.
As an American member of The Swiss Rifles of Washington DC, in 2000 I participated in the pent-annual Eidgenössisches Schützenfest in Biere, Switzerland.  I remember standing in the lobby of my hotel in Lausanne and observing a number of Swiss men checking in at the front desk.  Their full-automatic Sturmgewehr-90 assault rifles were bungee-corded to the outside of their luggage.  This Federal Shooting Festival included a large and well-attended parade through Lausanne.  Only in Switzerland!
What about distraction of traffic because of loud sudden noise
I can imagine some people out there are complaining that's not how "freedom of shooting" works.
2:33 what if you fire a round with a lite charge and it arcs just over the wall and hits a car ? Or some idiot doesn't follow safety protocol or simply doesn't realize he has one in the chamber and has an accidental discharge as he is picking up his gun from the prone position ?  Instead of that wall they could have built a wall high enough on the side of the road to protect the cars.
im more impressed how they keep the cows off the road
What if they have a squib load or weak shot
grandpa driving by hearing the zoooooom the bullet does and has flashabcks, funny day
2:47 What gun is that?
It's almost like making laws against crime won't deter criminals...
I'm gonnna miss you buddy!
Well technically if your aim is bad enough you could shoot the top edge of the thick wall and get your bullet slow enough (probably in million pieces) to shoot the cars.
look at this america ... thats how you do it ... thats freedom ..
I’ll take a 550 please and thank you 🙏
Safe or not what's the point of firing over a populated road? Just bc you can?
What's so special about this? Here in Chicago, people shoot over the streets, in the streets, into apartments and each other.
As an American, I'm jealous of a country where decisions are based on facts and a rational calm acceptance of the facts, rather than the raw emotions that politicians can inspire from the lowest common denominator based on optics.
3:27 Swiss man decided to go British for a moment xD
PROOF that guns are not the problem  It's a poor gun culture that is the problem. If the US enforces gun safety, safe handling, along with ways to reduce violent crime in general...instead of demonising guns...all without bringing in any gun control laws  The US wouldn't have such a big shooting problem.
Same with America and we have over 360 million legal firearms in private  hands we are a much bigger country and still we would never  Have a range this idiotic
See in America we have those types of people who would throw it all away to take a pot shot at the cars.
What about subsonic ammo?
Id say being British makes you very qualified. Almost none of you have guns and as a result you have very few gun related deaths.
Switzerland doesn’t have bloods and crips.
What are these "incidents" that they think happen at gun ranges? The weirdos in America that hurt people with gun, 99% of them never go to ranges. They bought the weapons to commit a crime with them, that's it.
Try applying for a permit to build that range in the United States and see what reaction you get.
The classic American crossover, when cars and guns meet each other… in Switzerland.
So does the Swiss army only do their shooting qualifications in prone?   Or would they only do a portion of their qualification at this range?   Or did I misunderstand something completely?
-Fault at factory fills shell with incorrect powder amount...bullet has enough speed to scale wall but then quickly plummets... -Bird flies over road carrying a larger fish...fish has swallowed something of solid metal...bullet's acceleration direction is altered... -A kid falls asleep in firetruck bucket while it's parked..in route, the ladder mechinism malfuntions and lifts... -Shooter has a seizure..stands up with fingers grasping uncontrollably onto firearm... ... ...  ...  "Impossible"?
Those little screens showing where you hit is really cool.
Oooh, that shooting range calls for a road trip. Thanks! It just saddens me a little bit that you cannot shoot standing up. But I love the target hit visualization.
This 100% wouldn't fly in the US. It would actually be very illegal.
cows are more dangerous than the shooting range over the road xD
Every firing range in Montana:
I've watched this video a few times, and each time I wonder how the cows feel about all this. I'm guessing after a certain point they don't notice or care. Still, there must be a period where the cows have to get used to the activity.
There is a chance if a cartridge is loaded with less powder and the bullet doesn't fly as fast and far as expected and might hit aa car
As long as police are not able to act as your bodyguard 24/7, you should be allowed to have a gun for self defence, because criminals don't care about anti-gun laws, the table is slanted against you and in favour of them, how can that possibly be the right state of affairs?
My favorite gun of all time is the sig sg 553 ''commando''.
"You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore" is such an amazing statement that doesn't need anymore and any less words to describe how you can un-alive yourself very quickly
I just love how there are cows behind the shooting wall, just chilling.
what about ricochet? (not an expert)
the road is probably more dangerous
Unless it nicks the way, and goes into a car…..
How could Switzerland stay nuetral in both world wars, real easy, when they are funding both sides of both wars, the Jesuits live in Switzerland……
Wow, now I understand 😂 ! I drove on this road, in holiday a few weeks ago going to Luzern, and I increduly noticed the targets ahead my car on the left. Then I carefully looked backward on the other side (I was driving) looking for, and I seen the stands. At that time I thought "well they must close the road sometime to be able to shoot" and find it crazy, thought nobody will trust me back at work in France. Reality is even more crazy!
But why would they do a shooting range like this?
Switzerland is all the same race
I dare you to find a single firing range in the US whose owner can say "in over 20 years we've never had a single incident". It's not about the location, it's about the mentality.
thats just stupid
When you are from Germany and should understand what he is saying but still need the subtitles
It's not just with small firearms - there are a number of bases and ranges around the world that actually fire artillery (howitzers, mortars) from one side of public highways to the other! It shows how accurate the calculations are - I'm not aware of any accidents that have occurred from this.
Firearm injuries and deaths are comparatively low in the US, considering the number of weapons there are. Furthermore, if we deduct the gun crime caused by fatherless males and the mentally un-/poorly-treated (including suicides) the number drops to a ridiculously-low ratio. America’s issues are not gun related, they are broken-people related. One party perpetuates and encourages fatherless homes and gives wide armed embraces to psychological dysfunction and mental illness. The other party supports Constitutional (and human) rights to lawful gun ownership.
Imagine an attacking force invading Switzerland only to be met with the craziest amount of gunfire for not only soldiers……. Civilians ahahaha I love it
"There are 2.4 million registered firearms in Switzerland and 130,000 sport shooting members" Setting aside the fact that registered firearms is a nightmare scenario for tyranny, that's... an incredibly small amount of firearms and shooters. Like maybe the amount of civilian firearms in just Alaska, one of the least populated states in America, likely has more firearms than that.
and then we have norway where you don't even need to have had the firearms training to own a firearm, and we still have virtually no crimes with firearms.
It‘s so nice to hear my mother tongue 😊
This is awesome!!!
they dont use maginifiers that far away? thats so nuts
Swiss is so interesting
Switzerland: *sensible gun safty standards* US: *confused NRA noises*
America take note
I bet driving on that highway with bullets wizzing over your head would sound familiar to anyone living in LA.
This is exactly why non American citizens should never be allowed to own guns
I'm yet to see a firearm commit a crime. I've seen many humans do the wrong thing though 👌💯
Brought to you by Swiss gear
You can shoot here safely but if you throw a potato you will probably kill someone.
Switzerland gives training. The US gives thoughts and prayers
I understand how... But why? Are there no other areas that are not across a busy road they could've built the range at?
wait..as an American i am VERY confused here.   so you can own guns AND not have gun violence?! how In the world did they manage this MAGIC?! .....   oh, with simple common sense laws, training, etc. of course.  but wait...  i thought those measures were a slippery slope to getting rid of guns? how do they have MORE guns?!   oh right, because no gun violence allows for gun ownership.
These bullets don't magically break trajectory and hit the vehicles, just like guns don't magically walk to the nearest gas station and rob it, or drive to the nearest school and start shooting....
That last 1 minute should be shown to everyone in the usa
I could really enjoy a range like that.  But there is something about shooting offhand at 100 to 300 yeards that is vey appealing also.
This is just another day driving through a high school parking lot in the US.
Everything was going fine until the Circus giraffes were trucked into town.  🦒 💀
Maybe for the experience, but I wouldn’t want to be limited to shooting prone.
switzerland doesnt have many minorities
Europe is the land of hypocrisy, this doesn’t surprise me
what if there was a massive pileup just in the second a bullet was flying over there
but im like... couldn't they have just built the start back a bit and at a different angle -_- 😒😒😅
I've been driving through there :D
What if a big enough lorry were to pass?
I guess they don’t allow handloads .
dont they speak french, italian and german in switzerland? wtf was that language that guy was speaking?
Nah boi, ive seen some wild ricochet before and having civilians drive by, even if the bullet path is above them, gravity likes to favor things going down, this does not feel safe to me.
They shoot only 80,000 rounds, a year? That's crazy. At that rate, the place must barely get used? Or is that common rate, for ranges? being an American, I can only imagine that our ranges here, see way more use.
It's other people that keep us in line and doing the right thing when it comes to everything in society. Which is why the problem with America is allowing any anti-social loner to get a gun. In Australia, you have to be a part of a club and get a license which quickly weens out the loner types. Also due to police check ups you have to keep that gun secured unless you wanna lose it, sadly it also means you can lose it based off the word of an angry ex.
Lets not forget the Population difference.
The army lets soldiers keep their SIG rifles, how swiss
Of all the places they could have placed that firing range. This is insanely dumb.
I know German but was never taught how similar Swedish is. I could understand almost half of everything he said without subtitles. Super cool
Good thing nobody is shooting underloaded 45 ACP, 38 special or 40 smith and Wesson THE DROPPP
Impossible?.. Wanna bet?  *points gun at 85°*
A British person take hold of a gun. Looks down the sights. Says “I thought this was a magnifier” wow!!! As a British person myself. That was super embarrassing.
I’m Dutch and it’s funny that I kinda understand what he is saying
Meanwhile in the good, ol' USA.....
So cool
Id love to stand next to the road and hear the crack of the bullet breaking the sound barrier
I find firearms mechanically interesting, but the prevalent culture around them in the US (and here in Texas especially) makes me too uncomfortable to consider that interest worth pursuing. But if I were going to, I would definitely want people like this to teach me. You can enjoy a thing and understand its potential for harm at the same time.
Without watching the video its Switzerland 🇨🇭 isn't it ? 😂😂
I'v deff shot bogus rounds that only burnt around half the powder in the cartridge. Made for some very lobby ballistics which would land in the highway .
Anything in German language and Guns , brings bad memories .
Don't get me wrong, it's interesting, I'm just curious as to why they chose this setup. I would imagine the road splits this into separate parcels of land which I would think you'd have to pay separately on instead of 1 larger parcel
This is not the only shooting range in Switzerland that goes over a street. In the town where I live there is a shooting range where you shoot on the side of a hill, over a valley 300m wide and the targets are on the hill on the other side of the valley.  Also, when I was 13 years old my whole class helped at a shooting competition to write down the points of the shooters and control their licences. It was a good way to earn money and it was completely normal for the parents to let us work there, like any other job for teenagers. Everybody new that it was completely safe. There were even some kids our age shooting.
The most accurate Reason, why Switzerland has way less incidents per Year than the US lies not in the Amount of owned Guns, but rather the qualifications for obtaining one. In Europe, it is a very long and observed process, to obtain the right of owning a gun, including but not limited to a psychological report. In America, it is as easy as walking into a supermarket and buying a gun.
Ive been staying here for the past week and drove past this shooting range  thought i recognised it! Such a stunning area for it to be in too.
Next James bond confirmed
waiting for murphy to direct his attention to that shooting range... 2 very bad shooter shooting at the same time... there bullets hit midair, ricochet from each other and then hitting a driver.... 😬
lame
Gott sei Dank ist das auf Englisch und das Schwiizerdütsch wird nicht auf Hochdeutsch übersetzt.
They dont want us capable of engaging enemy forces from a distance.
There's a military shooting range in Himachal Pradesh, India where military shoots long range practice targets over a road. However the road is closed for people when the shooting is happening for safe measures.
This is so weird to watch as a Dutch person-
We have a smaller-scale example of this in the UK. There's a local rifle range to me (owned by a private school) that shoots over a public highway.
It’s kinda cool we could talk about numbers and the word “safe”
This is a really cool approach to a long distance firing range in an era where space and range is severely limited due to the rapid expansion of civilization.
I live in Frutigen Switzerland and it is very close.
I am shocked how easy his Swiss-German dialect is comprehensible to me as a Dutchman. Some Dutch dialects are more difficult to understand for me than his dialect.
Yea, but now that you've made a video about it, those unhinged people are aware of the challenge ahead of them. I feel like stuff like this doesn't need a video made about it. Especially when crazy people can view it as a goal to achieve. I couldn't care less about guns, though, so thankfully I'll never be there if/when something bad happens.
American   Bottom text
take note's USA
Good use of space and maybe the 1 in a million chance of a crossing bird
I would not want to ride a double-decker on that road.
I can imagine every deranged person muttering, "Damn it," after they said the road is not visible from the firing range.
I heard an "un comin here"  in there while reading the subs.
Ah we have one of these in Pottstown, Pennsylvania. You shoot into a bike trail. Signs along the trail tell you not to climb the hill or die.
Hello I am atakan 5353 pro
Properly regulating access to guns, stops gun violence for the most part? Who would have thought?!
1:10 yes, men are slaves all over around the world, and always were, but who cares... definitely not feminists, they fled from Ukraine as last from sinking ship 😂
AWESOME!  What a great video and explanation.
I can tell you why Switzerland has so many guns but so little gun violence as compared to America. It’s a case of melanin
As a Swiss Army colonel we ensure proper weapon safety and skills to make sure everyone is safe in all environments.   I’m not a Swiss army colonel
This is proof that the US doesn't have a gun problem, it has a certain demographic problem that commits a vast majority of violence with firearms.
i worked for the german army and its a scary sound that is created when bullets fly over you, i wonder if the people in the cars hear it
Id love to own one of those rifles.
Well of course they have guns, how else would they keep all that Nazi gold
I think the Swiss model of gun ownership would be the only way more rigorous regulation in the states could work. If federal licensure is unacceptable, what about private clubs? Rely on the local citizens to hold each other accountable.
"Wow, what a nice scener-💥⚰️"
Now we know why the Swiss have a much high rate of mass shootings. 😬
Get some free ptsd whilst driving through that road.
Wait, how does Swiss-German sound more like Dutch than German-German when they’re way further away geographically!!
You don’t own guns in Switzerland, you borrow them from the range when you want to shoot. You aren’t allowed to keep them in your own home
Excellent
It’s because of the wall protecting the road and of the angle of targets vs where the shooting positions are at. It’s impossible to hit the road or vehicles. It’s geometry and ballistics.
This video should be played for the asinine democrats here in the US
like the over the road .. can i practice with a grenade launcher ... bet after 1/2 of the cars are gone from the earth i might hit a target ... this is the stupidest thing iv ever seen ..forest all around you could turn the place around shoot the other way
Americans are going to flock to the gun range after this video, not a good look Tom
holy schitzinburg!!!!!
Just shows the ignorance and a$$hattery that goes on in Europe: We really don’t want you to own guns over here but If you do we’re gonna have you shoot over active roads. Don’t worry we have a wall so there’s no way a bullet could bounce or ricochete of the top and send shrapnel into a moving lane of traffic and we just assume there’s no margin of error because it’s humans shooting guns and they just don’t make mistakes. Don’t get me wrong everyone should have the right to own guns just as they should have the right to own a car, but setting up a range like this is just moronic
Nice looking range there!
Everyone is qualified on gun ownership, even bri’ish.
They have less fire arm problems because Switzerland is a happier country than America.
Still zero reason to take a chance. Horrible idea
Looks great might take some low calibers out there to try it out!
America's shooting problems has a clear difference, it is called DIEversity.
Schusswaffen Schutzwaffen Wusswaffen    Shuts waffen
I still like the US “Right to bear arms” just in case the government get to big 🤔
CRAZY OVER A BUSY ROAD.
You’re telling me the Swiss have legal guns and free healthcare?!
Beleive it or not this is perfectly safe. If you do it safely amd with certain restrictions.  Bullets drop and how fast and how far they drop depends on 3 things.  1. How fast they are going  2. The actual weight of the bullet   3. The shape and balance of the bullet.  Now if you do that with a .45 Cal pistol round in no way will it be safe. For this is a relatively very slow and heavy round compared to a riffle round and therefore would drop much much sooner and faster thus hitting one of the cars.  But a riffle round traveling much much faster negates this problem.
the safest country in the world are issued full auto weapons to keep as civilians after military service... imagine how a common leftist feels after hearing that
I love your opening statements - finally a Brit that gets it.  Hats off to you, Tom!
Should have training in the US for all gun owners, like a drivers license, week of training to be able to buy guns (free training of course) and renew it every three years like a drivers license, that way we also have a well trained militia
The African population is very low, of course it's save. Why would one intentionally shoot one of their own brothers or sisters. Whites wouldn't understand. It's not about the guns, it's about the people with no values possessing them 💯
this is becasue the swiss are organised and stick to their laws - elsewhere (and you *know* whare I mean...)  it wood be a blood bath innit...
But if you shoot at the top edge of the wall  and the bullet breaks to pieces heading to the road then it will be dangerous?
Further proving why America needs mandatory gun safety classes in schools throughout the country.
What is the distance from shooter to target?
And that’s how it should be done 👍
This guy presumes to know what's in,the mind of an individual.
Am I the only who wonders how far away the targets are?
the most american thing from outside america
No thug culture in Switzerland.
so what would happen if the projectile has a low villosity? ex: you use cheaper ammo and it under performs.
Hopefully there are no double-decker buses in Switzerland.
I love seeing other countries promote safe and responsible gun ownership.  Tyrants and dictators are a disease to all humans on the planet….now more than ever humans need to come together and make a peaceful stand against global oppression, so we don’t need to use our guns against oppression.
I do think there needs to be a balance. As a owner of multiple firearms I invest a lot of time in my training. Even though it is a right to own firearms in the USA, I treat it as a privilege. My friends and I when we go to the range we hold each other at the highest standards of safety. No one takes it personally when we speak up against potential unsafe practices.  The tool is not the dangerous part, its always the behavior and attitude of the people using it that is.
I think British folk have a fine understanding of what gun ownership is. 1776 ringing a bell?
A bullet loaded with to little powder could definitely drop and hit a vehicle.
I think having a mature scociety is the key. Us Americans are embarrassingly immature.
they have come up with these bending bullets, what about them? or if you hit a pelican and it redirects? huh, you cuckoo clock folks?
How to resist the urge to shoot at the cars?
When give it a possibility that a bullet will land on a busy road, it can happen.
Tracers at night would be cool to see...I think
Near miss new defined.
The design is very human
The Swiss gun culture is very peculiar and  almost… wholesome? Iunno. Its very respected and regulated. But I think it only sort of has the situation that it does by virtue of the fact that I think the Swiss are more communal and Americans are independent to the point of being almost isolated.
I was traveling to Hawaii a few years ago and saw that there was a gun range a few miles down the coast from where I was going to be staying.  I checked it out on Google Maps and soon realized that the backstop was an extinct volcano... OK, technically, if you are shooting *anywhere* in Hawaii and it is not towards the ocean, you are shooting towards a volcano, but having never shot at a volcano before, I just *had* to take my M1911 with me and go to the range...
Clicked on the video worried about the implications, discovered that it was a very cool shooting range.
What could go wrong?
thats horrible those poor cows ears
Why would you want to shoot over a busy road and even drive through a shooting range
Okay... but why build the floor where you need to lie prone, instead of having the room like 1 meter lower so you can just stand up if you want and STILL not see the road?
Just some minor differences between Switzerland and the US that makes the two uncomparable:  - Every single person has tactical training that goes beyond firearms into hand-to-hand and psychological training. - Every single person passes a psychological and physical evaluation. - Every single gun owner has a license that has to be renewed. - Every single firearm is registered. - Most firearms are rifles, not pistols. - Most firearms are stored by the government, not the gun owner, and must be checked out before use, then checked back in after use. - Licenses can be revoked at any time, and firearms can be confiscated at any time. - Guns are not treated as self-defense weapons but as highly controlled sports utility or national defense weapons for war.
It is still very crazy :D I am sure the people passing with their car has apple on top of their head. :D
I think they have the gun but not the ammo.
I know why Switzerland has a low gun death rate but YouTube won't let me say why
When the government doesn't even recognize the citizens right to be able to defend themselves, imagine what they can do.
Americas gun problems are not gun related they are mainly culture related ( our music glorified killing people in the streets) and in some cases due to mental health issues (like how our media is constantly telling us the other is trying to do us in, kinda tribal here in USA and its not healthy mentally, among other things)
This is very secure, the Wall limits the trajectory very safe...
The what?? Im very pro gun but this seems like it might be a bit of a ummm isue maybe…. You know shooting a weapon at things you don’t intend to destroy type of thing. Just saying…
Gun violence mostly happens in countries where social decay is at a disgusting level. The Swiss are not like this.
Although amazing and their record is well known...it doesn't take much for a freak accident to occur and still flies in the face of rational thinking. They have my respect nonetheless.
Faz o L
You're describing an american
I know you don't wanna get into the politics of firearm Ownership, but I have to say, I do like the respect you showed everyone involved. Well done.
That is for precision rifles.  Not as dangerous as it looks because of that.
They shoot 80,000 rounds a year, meanwhile I usually spend around 500-800 between my AR and Pistol at the range. Our range has 12 bays, always full, 8am-10pm mon-sun. Really goes to show the gun culture between countries.
IF I ever go to Switzerland, I'm going to ride my bike or drive down this road an then tell me friends that "while I was out for a ride, bullets from military style rifles were flying over my head..  I rode faster, but the bullets were still flying overhead, so I...."
It's almost like the problem isn't guns, it's the people behind the guns...
It's just like Chicago.
but it will happen one day, not tomorrow but one day soon enough.....
4:05 My record (.22 rifle on a 15 m rage) is 248/250 (3 rounds of 5 shots, and 1 round of 10 shots, so 5 5 5 10) I think it was 24 shots that hit 10, and one that hit 8. (My record with a .22 rifle on a 100m range is ca 245/250)
I've been shooting since age 6 and gun enthusiasts, especially at a range, are the safest people to be around.
"anything you're firing fast enough to make it over that wall can't hit the road there simply isn't a possible trajectory for a bullet that can damage anything other than the hill and the targets"  me turning up with a welrod: "and I took that personally"
Everyone talk about guns for a long time and only now they realize the others coming to their nations are coming to CONSUME THEIR YOUNG. Those moral superiority defects hahaha.. In the end they hurt more people than putting anti-gunners in the ground the moment they run their mouths.
No eye protection,  lot's of trust in the equipment there.
Break the law with a gun in Switzerland and they kind of let you know once you're in the penal system what your flaws are. Break the law with a gun in San Francisco and the prosecutors going to let you off because it's against his politics to press charges against certain demographics that are high in gun ownership.
Switzerland the country where you can shoot over  a road and not kill someone
and people make fun of gun owners/gun laws in America.🤦  None of us are shooting over busy roads here.
*Its a wall yall*
One of the oddest videos I have seen.  Makes one wonder if this has been repeated in other congested, mountainous countries.
What about double deckers or other not standard vehicles?
The other reason Switzerland doesn't have large numbers of gun deaths: they don't have entire cities filled with ghetto, gangbanging thugs shooting each other.
The US could learn something here (they already know)
Wish America could incorporate some of these things into our country. Guns aren't going away, so it'd be best to work with them.
Wait you mean gun control works? /s
But the parabola😐 It's still making me nervous.
This guy looks old and young at the same time
It's not the guns, it's the mentality of the nation.  In the U.S., we are much more violent and prone to using a weapon.  That, coupled with the literally zero training required to own a weapon capable of mass murder, leads to the vast difference in gun related deaths between the two countries.
It is best not to own a weapon. There’s always the temptation to use it. Example, the mindless shooting instances which occur in the US.
If that was in America someone in a car would die the same day. There’s so many idiots here.
I agree, that’s like saying “a gun range is unsafe, someone can turn around and shoot all the people in the bays next to them” well yes, guns can be dangerous anywhere if there’s an idiot holding it.
Definitely a spot to sight in a scope
so the swiss dont have a word for "ricochet" i see
Dude, imagine being able to keep your gun from your military service. People would be a lot more responsible with those. In Germany the guns during my service time were like sports equipment during high school, all busted up and broken.
Saying "Brünnlisau is a 2 hrs drive from Zürich" to give a rough clue of a place's location in Switzerland is like saying that some random town in Illinois is only a 2 day drive from LA
Too much temptation to stand up and peck off cars for Americans.
Very coool. If people decide to do things then they do it despite difficulties
Training is far less important when it comes to guns than a healthy society with mentally sound citizens.
Not being directly formed by any of the American gun-cultures does NOT preclude someone from having an informed opinion, and-or contributing to  contemporary gun discourse.
Clearly they have no human right when they make military compulsory 😢😢😢😢😢
Talk about an accident waiting to happen.
Throughout history, nobody was ever stupid enough to invade Switzerland, simply because they would face a population of armed, angry nationalist sharpshooters!
but why tho
Only in america smh
The more I find out about Switzerland, the more it becomes my favorite country.
Not to dispute the safety measures in place and the all the training that goes on, but I wonder why this location specifically was chosen for a shooting range given that Switzerland is not short of area or hills/mountains in the country.
It‘s all fun until we invent flying cars :(
Wait what happens if you get squib shot though? Where the bullet doesn't get enough power from the gunpowder. If the velocity is slow enough it can hit one of the cars. Can still be dangerous under these situations but more like shatter a window and cause a crash. It would be a very rare occurrence but still can happen. Under normal operation where the gun fires properly there wouldn't be a problem
Also cows 😅😅
Im wondering why Switzerland has such a  low crime rates with guns
I dont know still seems unsafe and irresponsible
What about if the bullet just slightly hit the top of the wall, slows it down enough then it ends up hitting a car?
Probably hoping that BLM tries to block this road 🤣
nobody's bothered about the drivers' safety of running into one of those cows
They speak German in Switzerland?
what if you get a freak accident where a bullet isn't as powerful or something... and drops faster than it was supposed to? Is that even possible 🤔
Just because something bad hasn’t happened yet doesn’t make it any less stupid……..
That range looks really fun to shoot at, sadly not something you could get in America without a bunch of lawsuits and local infamy
Interesting. So it is possible for a nation to spread firearms amongst their population and not have it go downhill like the USA.
Guns don't hurt people, people hurt people. With that said, USA needs some serious gun control laws because there's plenty of crazy people in the US.
From the lying down position is it possible to angle the gun so it is pointing upwards enough so the bullet passes over the target, and over the building and thus is a risk to someone hiking in th forest?
Switzerland's high rate of gun ownership is fueled mostly by the fact that the country has mandatory military service, and most former soldiers keep their service rifle or pistol. They also don't issue rifles to people deemed mentally unfit, or who have criminal records.  In America on the other hand, someone can be deemed unfit for gun ownership, but still allowed to buy one because their state doesn't permit background checks that would flag these problems. And that's is in states with supposedly tough gun laws.
No squirrels were harmed in the making of this video
huh, seems that guns aren't the problems but people! who knew!
All fun and games until someone pulls up with a drako and wants to do some mag dumps😳
Thats somewhat close to where I live, I should try shooting there once^^
Weapons = freedom
Could a bullet hit a vehicle below if it was going slow enough? Maybe due to a very under pressured round or a barrel obstruction? The chances are very low yes but stranger things have happened at a gun range.
No it isn't safe.  Accidental releases can and do occur either by accident, carelessness or mechanical fault.  You simply cannot eliminate the risk 100%.  It  is possible for a bullet to deflect simply by hitting a bird in flight.  If this video is intended to say all ranges are safe and there are never any accidents then yes they are rare but they happen.  However no-one who is not on the range should never, ever be put at risk.
now i wonder about one possible incident scenario: normally there is no trajectory that would put the projectile low enough to hit the cars. Aim too low and the wall will stop the bullet. There is one thing left: imagine hitting just the top edge of the wall: then projectile would ricochet. At the same time it would loos some of it's kinetic energy. What i'm worried about is set of ricochetting trajectories that could drive the bullet to the road. I guess there is possibility to prevent this kind of accident too, maybe there is something not shown in the video? Is it possible to hit the wall from the position where the rifle can be loaded  (i'm aware that safety rules prohibit standing with a loaded firearm at this range).
I grew up in Switzerland, 1971-1984, and this puts a wide smile on my face :) (we were used to seeing soldiers , conscripts?, in public transport, with their heavy 7,5mm Sig, while riding to the boyscouts events etc.)
What if a tall truck happens to be passing by?
3:04 "is around 30 centimeters thick" *me with anti tank rifle* do you wanna test it!
i got a goofy ad  the guy in the ad knew i was watching this video
I wish other countries took firearms safety this seriously, guns are just objects and it's the person holding it that is the danger.
America vs sensible Europeans
Switzerland has a low low low low population/percentage of…ummm…well…shadow colored folks and I would postulate that precipitates a low gun violence rate.
American politicians :  *sweating
God love Switzerland!!!! Hell yes!!
There is always a possibility for disaster such as defective rounds, bad shots and it’s just generally stupid asl to shoot toward let alone over a public anything
2 hours from zurich, or just 45 minutes from berne (the capital) my friend.
Hey Siri pull up Swiss demographics.
This just proves americans dont care about safety. America is the land of the careless morons.
Lmao idc how "safe" it is. It's just a bad idea.
Let’s build one in America! Kidding probably not the best idea.
Who the hell approved this
Seems like a challenge
Americans shoot their guns across busy roads all the time. And they have watched many 'gansta' movies to know how to use them. But joking aside, this is amazing, and shows that safe gun ownership is possible. I am also British so I prefer no guns among the civilian population, but if you have to have them then this is a good model to use.
thought this looked familiar
I’m just shocked this isn’t in the US. As a Texan, this is the most Texan thing ever.
Switzerland doesn’t have rappers inspiring shooters
Wholesome
That range does 80,000 rounds per year? How? I _personally_ do 50,000 rounds per year(about 1,000 every weekend).
is it just me or is this something lets game it out would do?
Sweedish Chester Bennington
Forget shooting over a road, the electronic targets are AWESOME
lol..i drove there a lot and didnt even realise that it was a shooting range :D
Seems like an unnecessary risk to me.
The shooting franks yard yard
Sehr cool!
That’s because the Swiss are adults
why does this language sound so much like my language (dutch) some words are realy realy simular
Now that you’ve passed, go to Africa and shoot an elephant at 10 meters away.   Makes absolutely no sense why some people do that.   No challenge whatsoever yet they celebrate as if it’s their birthday.
the algorithm has been shoving this video down my throat for 11 months
do the cars hear the ccrack of the bullet?
Saying that you aren’t qualified to speak on the politics of gun ownership is refreshing. It gets a little tiresome when British people preach about our guns.
I remember a shooting range I went to in Kent many years ago, it backed onto the Thames Estuary. I was firing either the LMG (Bren) or GPMG.   Every time a large ship came up the Estuary we all had to stop shooting because you could theoretically shoot the passing ship, I think that most of them were container ships but I know there was a gas terminal somewhere not too far away so an automatic rifle hurling 7.62 at a floating gas cylinder probably isn't great for the local landscape.
Would be a bad day to be a triple decker bus 😂 Kidding, this place is very cool!
Anyone that is responsible enough to own a automobile should treat firearms with the same respect, and vice versa
Tom, do you know German?
why mention that there are so many firearms in the public but leaving out the part that there is no ammunition? i think if every person that has a rifle also got 300 rounds and a couple of magazines there would be way more incidents.
Squib loads could hit the road
Me: drives past it. Sees this video on recommended
Honestly thank you for staying non political and not ruining good entertainment for anyone.
Where does one learn to fire a gun while standing?
so.. you're telling me there's absolutely no chance for a bullet to ricochet of the top of that wall, slowing it just enough to fall in some parabolic trajectory down on the road, through someone's windshield? hmm....
How F@ckn Idiotic. Only in Europe.
Your opening statement is CLASSIC!
"this isn't how you do it" congrats, you just described the NRA.
Wenn ein großes Teil militärische Ausbildung im Waffengebrauch hat, erklärt es ganz genau warum so wenig in Relation passiert. In manch anderen Ländern kann sie jeder kaufen, zwar registriert aber das verhindert keinen Fehlgebrauch oder "Ausraster".
If you did not want to get into the politics this wouldnt be your video topic. Dont BS the BS. Inside and outside joke. think about it and you might get it.
I've shot over there too.. very surprising and fun place to shoot..
No, that's just flat out stupid.
Anyone know the length of the range?  Thank You
It’s almost like guns aren’t the problem…
New plan.  Pay to have my 03 convertible Cobra mustang taken to Switzerland with me.   Pay a team of shooters to fire as rapidly as possible at their targets while i drive past absolutely flooring it and blasting Rage Against the Machine.      That is this Americans small dream, please.
it works for them.. but i gotta say, still kinda not a good idea
There is a way to hit a car from that angle without even standing up and making it look like an accident, but you have to be so good at it that most likely you are disciplined enough not to want to cause unnecessary damage at all. Hit the edge of the wall just so that the bullet chips a bit of it causing it to loose speed and arc tot he road.
so Switzerland has no idea what gun safety is bullets drop
that's not safe atol idgaf what anyone says
Imagine it being compulsory to join the national army when our nations are owned and controlled by private, central banks. What a creepy dystopia we live in. For those that see, more power to you. For those than think me a fool, take a look in the mirror, and then more power to you.
Money well spent on drone, the bullet pov shot was great
How would the risk of ricochet be accounted for?
whatttttt
very sexist country, they enslave all young men into hospital or military work. women go free.
Is it possible to clip the very top edge of the protective wall and not be able to predict that the deflected bullet will have a safe trajectory?
No matter what anybody says, this is unsafe.
i mean you could just move the targets smh this is so stupid
to the last question on who would do that, tom would sure find lots of people who will do just that in the US.
what if a bullet collides with a bullet midair and redirects it to the road.. hmm
Tom proving he's 0.1% American by getting a 10 Score
even a rock started by hand can kill . not enough powder and you get peace of metal flying to a car. i am expect some calculations in video: bullet mass, trajectory to road, energy, etc... i'm figgured out calclucation on paper and it looks bad. Why its not happend? Small rate of bullet failures, small cars count on the road. Just increase time and you will get it.
I think it is reasonable to say that the safety problem was never in guns.
this is really stupid and unsafe
Hah, saw this video suggested for a while, but didn't realise it's about Switzerland. Thanks!
wowington
European building codes are messed up.
I don't understand ballistics so please be patient at what might be a stupid question, but, what if a bullet just skimmed the top of that wall and started tumbling downwards due to the magnus effect?
What about ricochet?
The problem is the US's complete failure on mental health and mental health hospitals. It literally impossible to get someone who's having a mental health episode help, unless they are going to hurt themselves or others and even then the "help" is practically non-existent! Having been through it twice with my mom and sister in law, I never knew how bad it really was until very recently and it is BAD!
Am I the only one still wondering WHY they build it over a busy road? Or was the range there before the street? Or is it to save space (as Switzerland doesn't have too much too spare)?
4:13 if it was America they would.
2A all the way
America needs more guns
Too bad America doesn’t have the same sense of responsibility as the Swiss when it comes to firearms
How has Switzerland manage to keep gun crimes very low without imposing a gun ban?
Pay attention Canada, our tyrant liberal government is banishing “all” firearms, grandpa’s hunting rifle, everything.
Why does this guy stand like he's about to tee off?
The problem we have in the US with "guns" comes down to a political party's agenda.  Democrats demonize training and education while going out of their way to make it more difficult to practice and familiarize ourselves with firearms.  The same Democrats then use those restrictions which have created abstinence, and ignorance, as a means to manipulating a voter base.   Democrats have eliminated and continue to block government and state sponsored firearm safety and education.
Among developed countries, Switzerland is still has one of the highest firearm-related death rate. Surpassed only by the US (of course) and Croatia.
We have one here  Montebello/ south El Monte calif right off freeway   and a highway. Shotgun range
Just, do not fire any sinkers...
we have one here too, normal shooting range have various stages up to 200 meter, but those using mouser had to shoot from the 350 meter, which was through the forest, over a road everyone use to daily driving and there was a raised ground/hill and then smashed down logs so people could lie down and shoot, but they were about 10 meter above the road in total when shooting to the targets on the range....also, I think it was only those who were in the Home Guard which i guess is similar to USA national guard? or what those people in rambo 1? civilians with some some training with military arms that will assist military if something happens
No people killed but 3 dead cows
That looks like a very pleasant place to shoot
Nice grouping, Scott. Not bad, not bad at all. 👌🏻 didn’t expect that.
That's just stupid when the road could have been put on the other side of the shooting range making it completely impossible to ever have any weird or otherwise unforeseeable injury or death happen  Consider if a cartridge was under charged with powder and therefore the bullet would have a significant loss in velocity which causes the bullet to drop prematurely of the target
England Wales and Scotland  lost its pistols because of one mad scotsperson. Northern Ireland kept their pistols. Strange devolution did not just restrict the Scots to losing their pistols. I did not appreciate until recently Northern Ireland kept their pistols.  In the 4 pistol clubs I belonged to there was never a safety incident.  Rifles and shotguns were kept available to the shooters because of the UK land owners i.e. House of Lords.   One of the clubs I shot at had a range along side of Southampton waters I was shooting a Ruger .30 caliber with hand loaded rounds at 300 meters.  When a sailing boat strayed into the safety zone rifle shooters were stopped but pistols were allowed to continue shooting.  One member of the club was a gunsmith and for the long range shooting he cut down a rifle to a pistol the sailing boats were easily in his range!! If the truth was know they were in the range of my 0.30 caliber pistol firing the M1 round. There was never any accidents.
So essentially, 99% of their military can only shoot in the prone position.
I guess Murphy’s Law doesn’t work there.
interesting ❤
Majority of American gun owners would fail a military grade gun safety and knowledge exam
Kind of surprised they don't have a sand/dirt wall in front of the concrete one.  Sure, the concrete wall isn't going to break anytime soon, but it would slowly chip away, but that wouldn't happen at all if it had a dirt cushion in front of it.
you know the bullet has to land somewhere, just a thought. people are dumb
GOP: "All I hear is 'the Swiss own lots of guns' ...  nope, didn't hear a thing about rigorous military training"
Hogwash. What if you, as a private citizen, have a nuclear bomb, but are trained to use it, and promise to never detonate it over a city? Is that a good idea? This is just a matter of degree, not kind.
But like why tho
I has always said that proper training and licensing is the best way for gun owning. You don't have a crazy guy that can't pass a psych eval get the ability to own a weapon.
damn Switzerland here i come
Wow, the range’s got moving targets and everything
One day someone will hit the top of the wall and the projectile will shatter and a piece will hit a car
How in the world do those radar looking target systems work?
Also, don't forget the bullets are traveling above the cows.. None of those cows has ever died of a gunshot wound.
Shoot as your raising your aim on accident and see if you get lucky
Zajebista strzelnica. Ale nie ma ch*ja by taka konstrukcja przeszła u Nas w PL :(
Doss Tom Scott do longer videos? They're so good but too short :(
Silly Brit’s giving up their guns😂😂😂
My range is about a 200 yards' walk out of my back door, and I make all the rules there.
The aerial view looks terrifying but with how its set up is honesty interesting. Overall just know your gun safety
2.4 million registered firearms in Sweden... Wow..... Catching up to the 400 million unregistered firearms in the United States..
Tom Scott. Makes more sense than americans thinking a ten round magazine will deter gun violence.
Only people who served in the military can only own weapons
3:07 if you ask demolition ranch, it can be penetrated.
Are you freaking kidding me!!!!  Unbelievable !!!
I believe some of the people who drove while ongoing practice might have shat their pants.
No safety glasses?  Crazy!
Tom's in the ARMY now.
I was once shot ‘over’  in Switzerland, many years ago. We were driving down a lane in hilly countryside when the firing started, didn’t know where from or to, so we stopped, wound down the windows and then we could hear people shouting at us, uphill and behind a hedge was a firing point with about fifteen soldiers firing at targets on the other side our lane, they weren’t very happy, we were just amazed and drove off sharpish!. 😂
I would have liked to heard why this was built? Why not just a range with no road in between?!
Ah yes let me stand up with a rifle surrounded by people trained in how to disarm people this could not go wrong totally not!
it's not really direct hits that i would be afraid of, I'm more scared of a ricochet after missing the target and hitting a car, it is unlikely that would happen but it is still so much safer to just not have a road in the range
Laughs in American shooting into trash mag dumping 😈
Done the right way, firearms are a great deterrent against crime and are the great equalizer for those weaker. Often issues with mental health, upbringing etc cause people to lose rights such as the one to self defense, ruined by a few crazy people.
Armed and peaceful: Switzerland in a nutshell.
80,000 rounds of year equals 220 rounds a day. At the range I go in the United States I would say more is shot every 5 minutes than a day.
are canadians stupid or what
80,000 rounds per year…  Texans call that “Tuesday.”  “No projectile can get through it.”  Barrett Rifle: “Hold my beer.”
Another great episode!
For some reason, when the fellow was speaking, I could hear everything he said without the need of the subtitles.
"I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified" lmaooo
From the title, I was picturing a Mario Kart track hazard.
a gun and a bullet will never do anything you dont want to
It's not the problem with the guns. It's the society.  In Switzerland there are no major gaps between poor and rich and most of the population is settled around the middle class. There's not much poverty so there's no need to commit crime to survive or something if you get what I'm trying to say. I'm not saying that most people in the US for example are irresponsible handling their weapons but there are more bad circumstances that lead people into gun violence. Guns just don't fit into the country in relation to it's society's structure and condition.
I'm from Texas, so believe me when I say......LAME!!! 😴
Where I grew up in Pennsylvania it’s legal to shoot a deer across a highway if the road is lower than the position of the shooter and the deer.
What a stupid design, even if it doesn’t hurt anyone it will scare the crap out of them
This was cool to hear. I took 2 semesters of German in high school, as well as having a German exchange student come live with us for 6 months, so I learned a decent bit of German. Let me tell you, it is an entirely different thing to hear someone speak Swiss German. Little things you notice that you're like "That was right, but why did it not SOUND right?" its very interesting.
It’s so interesting to think that the best way to prevent someone from doing something Is to make it not impossible But as logistically impractical as possible People who want to do something want to do it easy And it would be a lot of work to hurt someone through this range and even then It’s such an impractical way to do it
I just want to add this to the "politics" of guns in the U.S. real quick.  There are over 100 million gun owners in the U.S.  Over 100 million guns (including Rifles) owned by private citizens (we own more guns than several militaries in the world)  Gun Deaths in the U.S. is approx 30,000 per year out of a 300million U.S. population with over 80% being legal gun owners. Majority of those deaths come from Gang Violence, and suicides. 90% of those guns used in homocides were illegally obtained.
Switzerland low key prepared for WW3
The Americans that have guns legally aren't the one killing people in America. It's the illegal gun owners that give America a "gun issue" we don't have a gun issue, we have a stupid people issue here.
well boys looks like i’m moving to switzerland, where gun owner ship is normal and crime is low, exactly what i need and what the USA can’t accomplish
Gosh, its almost as if the problem is american people's  culture around firearms, not the firearms themselves
CH
probably not allowed to shoot slugs from a shotgun?
How many yards are the targets away
4:48 And if there is... They're American
2:30 "There just isn't a possible trajectory for a bullet that can damage anything (...)."  You're welcome.
But why?
Why do you need a lisence just to do a bit of shooting
what if they fire an improperly loaded round? its possible for a light load round to lob to the road and hit cars.
speaks volumes when Switzerland has high firearm ownership and low rates of incidents involving said firearms. Makes you think, why is the US so messed up.
I’m not the biggest fan of guns, but this looks kinda fun
When I saw the title/thumbnail, I thought they meant a golf range. I was very confused on how that could possibly work, but guns make more sense somehow.
I've been at a gun range here in the US where a teenager who had come with two adults turned around (facing the seats) with a loaded gun in hand. The rangemaster walked over and told the adults they were being ejected, and the teen was banned for a year. They protested and he told them "You're responsible for him, he could have killed someone, and you weren't paying enough attention to even notice - you're lucky he's not dead." Mind you, the kid was still holding the gun. The adult scoffed and asked why (about the luck in the kid not getting killed) and the rangemaster noted four people in adjacent stalls with weapons in hand, who had shifted their stances to face the confrontation (though still pointing their guns downrange, something they could remedy in a blink). The rest of the range (25 stalls) had stopped shooting, and everyone was shifting around to get out of the potential lines of fire. That's the thing about a bunch of trained shooters, nobody had to organize it, nobody had to tell anyone else what to do, they just did it.  When the two adults realized how much the situation had already escalated, they backed down and packed their things. The kid apologized, not to anyone in particular, but said he didn't mean to point it at anyone and he didn't mean anything by it. One of the guys who had been at the ready said, "We know - that's why you're still alive."
Badia al Pino sencondo Spaccarotella:
Switzerland has tons of guns, few deaths.   proving gun death in america is a SYSTEMIC ISSUE, not a problem with guns themselves.   guns dont kill people, just as your pencil didnt fail your math test.   and im a socialist saying that. not a conservative.
If you took away gun violence in major cities by gangs, US would have negligible gun violence compared to the 450 million guns we own.  In US, all rifles (AR, AK, shotgun, long gun) deaths are around 350 total.  And half of US gun deaths are suicide, and we still have less suicide than places like Japan.  It’s a big city problem, not a gun problem.
Can you hear the shots whipping by in the car? I don't know anything about firearms thats why I'm asking (once shot 3 rounds from a .22 in a Schützenverein tho).
‘No projectiles can get through it, it’s impossible’ What about a tank?
Well, we' ve lived in the area and needed to take that road every time, we needed to get out of the valley to travel anywhere east of switzerland. One day I noticed the board over my head, next time I drove back, I saw the shooting range. From that moment on, my family and I were very upset, having to drive as a moving taget, every time, we needed to go on this road. To this day I'll never forget the chills and anger, we all experienced! I find it to be an outrage and highly disgusting. As if there were not enough other places to install a shooting range!! It's absurd and weird. What do I care as a driver in a car, whether there is a safety wall or there are rules in that booth?? (I just found out about them now, in this video! Drive-byers don't get informed, you know.)  AND: rules can always be broken, forgotten or dismissed. Or a person can have a meltdown and find the moving targets tempting! It's sickening.
I don't care how safe they think it is I would not go there it's totally crazy and very stupid you never shot at or near people unless you intend to kill them no excuses  no exceptions period rule # 1
Quite interesting as someone who's shot at Tregantle fort in Cornwall, that looked down onto the sea and I always remember some poor sods spent ages on watch for people on the beach or sea entering the red flagged area, no such issue at this one 😃
Now let’s see some one do jump shot
1:58 Schusswaffen = Firearms (not Schutzwaffen), good video
So if a one in a million bullet just barely nicks the top of the wall causing it to slow down enough to hit the road....you might have to update this video at a future date to:  And we were wrong. Here's how and why we were wrong.
This is the difference of your government supporting their people and providing good mental health services. And then nothing like that at all - being america
NOPE
I’m conflicted, all it takes is one poorly loaded cartridge to drop a subsonic, but still lethal projectile into traffic.
I would surely never travel that road if avoidable. There has to be some option in Waze where I can select "no crossfire please".
Oh my. He is so painfully British.
That's a fascinating setup for shooting. If you can predict the path of bullets, you can have them flying right past you without incident.
It's Switzerland. If you get shot, just put some gold and everything will go ok
I feel like here in the states there would be that one guy that goes through all that trouble just to stand up and try something stupid.
1:57 Does he say Schusswaffen or really Schutzwaffen?
Guns are awesome...I have stacks.... I love it so much I feel sorry for people who can't own guns too bad for you I'll pray for you
It's almost like gun crime is a people problem and not a gun problem....
True in the united states too all incidents happen where people can't defend themselves. You'll never seen a mass shooting at a gun show or a shooting range unless the shooter wants to die before achieving anything.
If you aim just above the projectile wall isn’t there a chance the bullet velocity drops and could hit the roadway? Or weather conditions/etc? Seems crazy they don’t worry about any freak incidents with that setup
Sure, this is possible. If the population in general believes Education and Well-being/Health are a right instead of “guns are a right” and everything else a privilege. If they are less self centered and more responsible….sure.
Great video Tom.  Glad to see somebody doing journalism & showing the reality of something.
If you had a defective round, there is the possibility that it makes it over the wall, but the bullet goes in enough arc that it could strike a car. No bullets fly flat, they are all in a arc.
The only problem I see with that range is if you have neck issues like I do where craning my neck back like that would be quite painful.
I have been on that mountain before, many people like to hike there and it makes it more ridiculous because you can easily get killed by the shooters.
Isnt it funny how in Switzerland there are hardly any incidents caused by firearms misuse, but in the USA...oh lets not even go there🤣
It’s all about knowing what’s down range and shooting accordingly.
This is a great video about responsible gun ownership. Loved learning about the firearms culture in another country!
Low gun violence because they have a low crime rate...period
To play devils advocate. 8 million to 329 million isn't a comparison when you try to say they have such a low incident of gun violence. The amount of people in concentrated areas in the US is not the same as in Switzerland either. Choosing to say you don't want to get into a debate and then word things in such a way as those who do have the weapons were fully trained is choosing a side and asking for argument. The best way to truly not ask for a debate, is to not discuss it at all. Or simply state facts. Good luck on not causing debates.
That’s so cool! Brilliant targets
I shoot 80k rounds a year by myself😅😅😅
What about ricochets from the wall?
Yet another point in the list of proof that the US-American gun problem is more of a mental health/attitude problem.
That range is so nice. So, so damn nice. We have nothing even close to 1/10th of what they have over there where I live (Chino CA, USA).
That intro: "I'm British I am not qualified"  Americans: 'that felt personal' :D
Cool range! ...what's the point of this video, though? It started off like a diss on Americans, then.... nothing came of it. Maybe I didn't watch the whole thing.
I'm guessing Switzerland have a good mental health program and appropriate screening to own a gun....
Okay, but if I'm driving and I hear gunshots, I might panic and I feel like that would not be the safest situation. Even if no one shoots my car, an accident is still way more likely if someone new to the area thinks they're getting fired at. Also, a shooting range where you can only do prone seems highly limiting to me. At that point, I'd rather visit another range where I can practice multiple positions and target distances. I don't know about y'all, but this range just doesn't seem necessary.
swiss is A hard country
Demographics.
Everyone should be trained in firearms safety.
Everytime a news guy goes to something rated to guns looks like a women surrounded by mechanics 🧰 in a shop
If bird was crossing and the bullet ricocheted off of the birds skeletal system it could theoretically strike a car.
a dud underpowered badly filled round could most definitely end everybody's fun, no?
Listening to an Englishman talk about gun ownership is like nails across a chalkboard.
If you hit the very top edge of the wall I'm betting a hit on a car would be possible.
Trudeau dislikes this video.
We have less Diversity than America and our governed actually care about their law abiding citizen.    That's why!
That is a brilliant setup. We need that kind of thing here in the states. No paper to put up and nobody has to walk the range. Super safe.
It's called mental health. The reason why the USA has a lot of shootings isn't because of gun ownership, but because of poor mental health care.
But you'd want a range where you can practice standing too.    Shooting with a bipod is easier than normal standing position.
Having an ethnically homogenous population with practically zero africans makes a world of difference when it comes to safety and competency in all things.
Gosh you wouldn't wanna break down near the target area if you had PTSD from serving
OMG! I always drive by that when going to Zweisimmen never thought anybody would talk about that.
if this was in the US everyone would be calling us stupid .
High rates of gun ownership decrease violence or the tendency to commit violent acts because of the former detail. In America, criminals do not like to target home owners because of that fact. Someone defending their property is way, way more bleak and scarier than the cops showing up. If every house had a gun and the responsibility of mentally stable folk carrying them, the world would be perfectly safe. No weird serial killers snooping in at night and definitely not any child rapists.
Thats a really cool range
I think we need to partition what we mean by "gun safety". Yearly Switzerland has about 1 accidental gun death per million people, in America its about 2. But year to year variation is huge because of just how statistically rare it is. So America isn't really much less competent or less safe at handling and properly using their guns. There's just a lot more gun deaths in America because A) unlike Switzerland it's a common avenue of suicide (Switzerland's suicide rate is comparable, and often higher than the US, they just use guns to do it less often) B) we are a much more economically, culturally, and  racially diverse nation, which makes our crime rate higher.
Scott, whatever justification anyone could come up with; that should not be allowed, period.
Oooh those fine SIG rifles we can't get over here. So sad.
Just saying if America was mostly white and asian it'd probably be a lot safer when it pertains to gun violence.
I'll get into the politics of gun ownership. Gun ownership and the freedom it represents is why Britain is now a peon country and America isn't. Never ever give up your guns. They are your last defense against a tyrannical government, and every single government on Earth is tyrannical if not held accountable.
This seems unsafe still. I think one of the most important things about gun safety is minimizing risk, and if you have an inexperienced shooter, there is a possibility they could hurt somebody even in a safer range than this.
'You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore'
Nice clickbait.
Guns are fun. Problem is here in the US psychos can get them and people who aren't trained can use them.
Ya I dont care what anyone says this is a disaster waiting to happen
That’s awesome I’d love to use this range
Super, super, SUPER irresponsible range planning 🤦‍♂️
Shooting range by me runs next to a busy road by a gas station, and fires directly over a business park.
This is the polar opposite to gun culture in the US. It seems that in Switzerland virtually everyone with a rifle (not pistol or automatic assault weapon) obtained it from their military service where they were professionally trained to use it. There is no comparison with the US where almost anyone can get their hands on weapons which they are totally ill equipped to use responsibly
Actually here in the United States if you remove all the gun control happy democrat-led cities the crime in the US plummets to less than Switzerland
Definitely not safe, it only takes one guy to screw things all up
"The concrete is 30 centimeters thick, no projectile can make it through."  America- hold my beer.
Swiss: shoots rifle near roads. minimal incidents.  usa: have tons of gun laws, not allowed to operate guns anywhere near roads. People dying everyday.
America be like, let’s throw children and schools in the mix
Theoretically you could hit the top of the wall in such a way that the projectile scrapes it just enough to slow it down exactly as much as it takes for gravity to have enough time to pull it down enough to hit the road. But that's like balancing razors upon razors edge on.
I wish we Americans could give the Swiss gun control plan a try. I've grown up in rural Michigan, I love firearms, but all the misuse in the country makes me beg that we'll try something other than what we're already doing. Love your work Tom!
only a matter of time before someone's aim starts moving along with the cars 💀.
Should probably not do that…
This was educational a whole country of trained shooter's with guns that's a great accomplishment 👏 and the shooter's club shooting over the road no accidents wow
That's awesome, love it
Oh, I thought that was just the advanced targets
A well armed and trained society is a polite society. America had a unique issue. It’s not the guns, it’s the people.
Seems kind of lame to have a shooting range with only one shooting distance and no opportunity to train crouched or standing.
I like how he says, theres not many instances of people getting harmed by guns in Switzerland like “in other countries.” Then goes on to say there are 2m rifles registered in Switzerland...yea theres 400,000,000 guns registered in the USA...thats the reason.
Why is it always a British person that has opinions on guns, from a country that literally doesn’t allow them. We haven’t cared about your opinions since 1776 pal.
I hope Switzerlands mindset on Gun ownership sweeps across the world!       How would you rate my trolling? Of course I dont think this. They're a tiny, rich country where the poor and needy aren't abundant enough to likely cause mass harm, unlike most countries in Europe and the world.
By far Switzerland is a model state when it comes to gun ownership.
I think the U.S. should have mandatory military or public service.
Ok but… why? I want the story of how this ranch ended up having a road across.
This reminds me how much English borrows from German
Sorry, but we have too many people in America who thing the AR in AR-15 stands for assault rifle to get away with something like just using basic, rational physics in a completely safe way to build a gun range like this.
wow. americans can learn a thing or two from switzerland's gun culture
You won't see those in the  US .....
Not in America 😅😅😅
Explosive .50 cal could shoot through that concrete
I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership - immediately gets into the politics of gun ownership...
This is the country that banned motorsport because of a crash that happened in France yet are totally happy to have people firing guns over a busy road, logic 101.
Firearms arent the issue.. its the people.
What if like a really tall truck drove by?
imagine thinking guns are bad lmao
nice that they can't hit vehicles.
In Finland its illegal to fire over any road
If your gonna have firearms, this is how it should be done.
This is probably the biggest argument for gun owners in America trying to stop some of the ridiculous gun laws happening in America. It has nothing to do with how many people own guns and everything to do with the culture
There is one in New Hampshire that has a lot of houses 200+ yards behind the 20-30ft high mound of dirt. And yes they’ve been hit.
Let’s hope Switzerland doesn’t introduce double decker busses 🙏🤣
America tries this but they remove the wall because walls only exist on borders
'murica... oh wait
Wait til' y'all hear about american schools
Thought you were talking about Chicago
The bullet can't arc down to the road,  so it's safe.  Bow and arrow would be more dangerous here.
I'm quite sure that those riding in the cars with the windows down can hear the shockwave "zips" as the rounds pass over them in their vehicles.
Switzerland is the proof that if Americans accepted laws and regulations and let only trained people have access to firearms, their hellscape of a country would at least be rid of mass shootings.
How do the targets get replaced and what if someone walked up to the targets ? They're not so secure I think
The key is the wall. The wall keeps the cows and cars safe.
Crazy
If you're dumb enough to stand up to shoot you'll probably be shot
This is a mix of Dutch and German and I still didn't understand a word of it
How many yards or meters was that target set up at
It's only "safe" until the unexpected and unplanned for happens.
There is also one close to Appenzell
It's not the training the receive, it's the discipline of the country. Mandatory call to army or civil services is how it should be.
I’m no expert and I realize it would be very unlikely but it seems to me that the wall there that you are shooting over could cause a bullet to ricochet or break up at least and cause a danger to the cars on the road… not saying that it’s for sure possible but that would be my concern or maybe ricochet from the target area.. I wonder if there’s any thing they do to stop stuff like that like restrictions on the type of ammo or caliber? Not an expert so maybe it’s next to impossible but just curious because to me and probably to others that might seem concerning driving on that road even if they tell u the wall is impenetrable
Don't be afraid... buy a gun or make one
Ok ill finally watch it..
However. Guns should get banned completly.
In America I think we should make it a requirement of public education to have a gun handling, safety, and shooting class in school.  And every citizen who is capable must take it
The ability to own firearms is freedom. Lose that lose freedom.
Nice to see a country with a healthier relationship with guns
I think their is a place in Pennsylvania that is similar
Omg that just looks terrifying to drive down
For years I've heard American gun enthusiasts talk about how Switzerland is so great because "they give everyone a gun and they have the lowest rates of gun violence." Somehow, they always skip over the part that everyone with a gun in Switzerland is both extensively trained and has proper permits from the government to have those guns. This sort of range would not work in the US because we allow unsafe idiots to have guns all the time. Sure, most US ranges have a decent track record of safety, usually because they have range employees actively enforcing the rules. But I have seen an incredible amount of safety violations, rule violations, and horseplay at American ranges over the years.
THIS CONFIRMS MY SAYING : GUNS DONT KILL PEOPLE .  PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE
2.4 million registered guns. Rookie numbers
I still think there is a chance of  weapon going faulty or the bullet somehow arching and not exit the barrel properley. If theres one thing ive been tought is to not aim guns twards any civilisation even if theres a wall there.
Huh wait so you mean the higher number of firearms does not equate more deaths by firearms??? Who woulda thoughttt
I’m dutch and i kinda understand that guy
Well this is great practice for hunting and snipers, but how does this help with home defense situations where you’re usually less than 20 feet from your target under a ton of stress?
I don't want to hear any more from Europeans about how Americans are unsafe with guns.
Bit nuts imo, they could not find land to put a range without a road running through it
Considering the amount of space we have in Switzerland, it seems a strange decision to build a shooting range over a road
thats an awesome range , love it
Finally a shooting  range where you can train to shoot moving targets
must be nice to have gun sense laws and training. we'll get there one day in america, i hope at least.
As an American I think the layout of that range is insane
What about a glancing hit on the top of the wall? Can the trajectory and left over velocity be dangerous then?
Putting our time and effort in activities and investments that will yield a profitable return in the future is what we should be aiming for. Success depends on the actions or steps you take to achieve it.
Basic physics tells you there would never be a problem.  The way the walls are set up it would be impossible, intentionally or otherwise to strike any of the cars on the road.
An armed society is a polite society.
I've always wonder if something like this existed here it is the human race always doing something wild.🤣
I've seen one of this guy's videos. Let me guess- it's physically impossible (due to hills or something) for a bullet to hit a car.
All fun and games .. until the double decker bus drives by
so basicly the Americans bitching and complaining dont have a clue wtf there talking about? seems legit.
I get it America is crazy would someone get me out of here.
U.S.A. could never.
The way they speak German is so strange.
Two bullets collide in the air, someone punctures a tire, and has a car accident?
Why tho?
I'm just here freaking out about how unintelligible Swiss German is, compared to most German accents that I can sort of understand by now.  The Swiss guy might as well be speaking Chinese.
The swiss have combat fire drills while they drive to work.  Nice.
Is that owner actually Dutch or is that just how Swiss people speak German
These places should be illegal because it allows you to fire weapons regardless of the road way
the us doesn't let its soldiers keep their weapons that's for the Taliban.
so guns dont even kill people when you are shooting in their general direction ? the shooter has to purposely try to hit someone to do damage ? interesting ;)
Waiting for the day there is an incident.. Because you know sooner or later something gonna happen 😂
Still a stupid place to put a gun range
Still not a good idea
Still not a good idea 😂
@demolitionranch
Literally why. It’s just a way that someone could get hurt. It’s a preventable risk with zero reward: an objectively bad attribute.
Another example for how cool Switzerland is. If only the rest of the world could be as civilized and respectful. They also that guns are not the issue when you have so many and so few incidents.
Guns don’t kill people, people kill people.
America could never
Wow it's almost like gun control laws just take the guns away from responsible gun owners and do nothing to stop the criminals.
They must have really good munitions and good luck..
I love switserland in any way!! Small country, and organized as the best!! Wich has a huge impact in europe, and has the most healthy population!! Without the swiss, alot of wars would have looked drifferent!! In a bad way!! Praise the free swiss!!
Oof, no thanks. We don't shoot from, at, or towards roads, or structures in the states. This makes me super uncomfortable.
Imagine if U.S. soldiers could "keep" their issued service weapon.  That would be awesome!  In the U.S. we can not even own military weapons.
In a homogeneous high trust society all these things are possible.
Awesome video, awesome Swiss
it's super cool how they have those electronic targets that you can see next to you
Unstable people should not have weapons, that's why USA is so messed up............
Finally. Legal assassinations.
Not sure what you are implying. Switzerland has alot of guns in relation to their own population which is .....8.6 million or about the same as NYC so we can rule out that comparison. Perhaps you are stating in fewer words that us Americans have a problem with guns and I would completly agree with you.
Couldn't 2 bullets theoretically hit mid-air and ricochet off each other downwards towards a car?
Do not underestimate stupidity of some people. Someone will always find a way to f*** things up.
cool
I still wont shoot in that range I mean what if out of nowhere there a dog there and you hit the dog accidently I cant forgive myself if that happen
Gez
Am i the only only one who thought this was going to be about golf? XD
Tragedy struck when a double decker tourist bus was traveling across Route 40 ...
i expected you to drive below the range while someone is shooting as well, but i guess it would barely be noticable, so not worth the effort.
If I could afford to I would probably move to Switzerland
Population: 8,403,994 (July 2020 est.) Ethnic groups: Swiss 69.5%, German 4.2%, Italian 3.2%, Portuguese 2.6%, French 2%, Kosovar 1.1%, other 17.3%, unspecified .
My only concern would be for a light load.
This is the true way to get certified as a gun owner, if you miss you loose it
I've wondered about Switzerland gun ownership for years. High rates of gun ownership yet little violent crime. Here in the US we have tons of violent crime. This reaffirms to me that our issues are more about our culture, socioeconomics, and lack of mental health care. Guns are just the easiest tool for our evil and sick to carry out their attacks.
I really like this, I think the entire design of the space indicates how much was thought about safety while also not diminishing the activity.
In Idaho  more rounds are discharged over a weekend in the desert than this range sees in a year. Yet, i never hear about accidents. Its all about being a responsible gun owner.
Let me help you with the title: "Much Ado About Nothing".
This is possible when your citizens are educated and not addicted to meth.
Could make it a crawlspace so standing is physically impossible, but I guess Switzerland really doesn't have this kind of issue.
Remind me to not drive across this road.
I live about 20 miles from a shooting range that shoots over a valley with a river running through it. The river is a very popular spot for swimming, boating and fishing- while enjoying the river you will hear gunshots and periodically bullets hit a cliff on across the river from the range. Nobody has ever been hurt. The cliff side where the bullets hit and the surrounding area are inaccessible, so there is no chance of someone wondering into the path of a bullet.   When Europeans travel to our area I always take them to this river so they can listen to gunfire and watch how causally Americans go about their recreation. This is usually a huge culture shock for most Europeans I have met.
I wonder what kind of rifle is being used in the video. It looks a bit like a G3
Switzerland doesn't have any blacks or Hispanics, so there's the reason.
What if the bullet scrapes the top of the wall and changes direction hitting car
Where are the safety glasses???????
Schweizerdeutsch klingt wie Abfall
American with gun : POWER ! UNLIMITED POWER ! Swiss with gun : Great power comes with great responsibility
That looks like extremely long-distance shooting.
Schwyzertutsch is a FANTASTIC language
Americans should follow that example
Great video, but in a slightly unrelated matter, I'm personally so sick of seeing countries with mandatory military service for men but not women. Thought we lived in an equal society? If the guys gotta do it the women should too.
USA: “what? Only one road? You gotta step up your game, Switzerland!”
This is why every American kid should do time in the military even if you’re just the janitor
Dang, so do they only have the option of going prone there? No standing or kneeling? That's rough.. maybe there are some lower areas you can go and stand?
Low rate of murder because they don’t have blacks.
In the words of many... America will find a way. No highway is safe
So Switzerland has so little space they cant put a firing range on one side of the road or the other. Jesus, i guess downhill skiing is probably out of the question Half their ice hockey rink is probably in France. Poor swiss, so much stolen gold and so little elbow room
There are three aspects that add up to the savety: 1. It ist mandatory to be trained at the weapon and you can’t just buy them without a license or registration anywhere 2. Switzerland has close to none people living in poverty, driven by drugs, gangs, and no possibility to get out 3. Even if you own a gun, you only get the ammunition through clubs
What if i want to ride my giraffe on that road?
Meanwhile, in the US, people in cars on the road are shooting at each other.
I like those electronic targets
That's one highway I don't want to drive on
Shooting there looks like a lot of fun.
Good they are not a member of the EU. The EU would immediately forbid this.
I get that its safe, but why does it even have to exist in this way? Why couldn't it have been built somewhere else? The risk has to be some level above zero however close to zero it is. However, building it not over a road lowers the risk to zero?
You must be careful travelling by double decker bus across Switzerland.
Says it not possible to hit the road, but Americans would find a way.
silly tom, the suisse don’t have a military
This is crazy, no matter how perfect anyone could, but this is Crazy
In the USA it are often the people who seem to be very clever and good, who mentally break at some point, for example when their relationship partner breaks up with them, and start gunning around. So i don't think this is a good safety strategy. The entire risk of giving an entire population guns is that some percentage will go do crazy things. That's where all the gun accidents in the USA come from.
Nice !!!!
ah yes the range to test a granade launcher and accidentally aim too low
that is one of my favorite quotes in any form its been said and its been said MANY TIMES.  what if i stand up..  you will RAPIDLY NOT BE HOLDING A RIFLE ANYMORE.  facts there are less shootings where there are more guns.  imagine walking into a crowded building and you can guarantee that 8 of 10 people have a gun and YOU decide to idk rob the place or something YOU will QUICKLY not be doing anything of the sort.  guns are not dangerous PEOPLE are dangerous.  if everyone was taught are to properly use them and carry them then there wouldn't be a problem.  because again the people sane enough to get the required documentation yet insane enough to violate wouldn't be able to do BOTH steps.
Whites...
OMG can someone please tell me what range you are shooting there... Looks like 300m or maybe even more
In the USA some idiot would screw it all up.
Never point a gun at something you don't intend to destroy
what if someone climb up the hill?
I came here from Ukraine.
I’ve seen ranges where shooting into the site of a hill and on top of the hill where cows walking around and a house. Feldschiessen the call it
There are a lot of shooting ranges by busy roads in America. Most people just call them schools tho
It really is a shame that an association focused on responsible and safe gun ownership gets so much hate from those who don't understand the issue. Mandatory training is something I believe most gun owners would be fine with and would solve a lot of problems in my opinion.
"all had thorough training on how to use them". That's what separates a third world country like teh US from this
I love to see you pointing a light at responsible gun ownership. A population can be armed and very safe, it all has to do with environment and training. The gun club I'm a member at here in the states opened in 1956, and they've never had a single serious firearm-related incident or accident, and yes, if you attempted to break a safety rule in malice or in ineptitude, you would quickly be shown either the asphalt or the right way to operate. Great video.
All fun until the double decker bus tour
So what if there’s a hiker behind the trees ?!!
down asss place for that
"Americans are so crazy for guns!"  the swiss:
Here I'm thinking of Wanted. Bullets curving. Lololololo
i understand the physics and the trajectory, but why... its just not even an option in my mind
“Registered”
America learn a thing or two from this.
It's extremely rare when government allows logic into decision making.
It sure took them long enough to explain why this is completely safe
Americans will probably be forced to wear helmets to order a pizza over the phone. Our super safe government can't love us enough.
This is too dangerous. Can be fault bullet, and it shoot only with part of power, and fall down behind the fence. I would not allow it.
Cool
Hmm, what about accident fire or gun malfunction ? IMHO, They should build wall above, so one will not be able even see the road.
my only question.. how did they test when the bullet skimps of the top of the wall? guess that iether doesn't change the bullets trajectory to much or it does and it drops before the freeway?
"Owning" a gun and "possessing" a gun are two very different things. THAT is your "difference in gun attitudes." Nobody in Switzerland has their guns at home. They may "own" them, but they don't have unlimited access to them.
Wow
Seems reasonably legit!
this is so so so dumb
Good way to handle guns problem, give people a choice to enter civilian or military work 👍
i love switzerland
Answering the question nobody asked... Obviously it's fine with the wall. I'm a standard shooting range you can also turn around and start shooting, only you're own sense of responsibility avoid this from happening
Common sense, math, tech, courtesy and respect put to good use. Very cool set-up
Switzerland seems to be a reasonable place.
The mass shooting death rate in Switzerland is second only to that of Norway.
Breaking any rule in Switzerland is not something you should contemplate.
Hopefully mr. Bean is not transporting any furniture past the lane.
He makes it sound like American liberalism and the lack of compulsory service is the reason people are uneducated with firearms and is a cause of gun violence.
So I guess if you hit a car or cow, they are just in the way
well anybody travelling on that by road directly below the targets!! good luck!
4:34 this.
But there is the possibility of hitting a bird flying low which could then crash through the windshield killing the driver and making the car crash into the oncoming traffic hitting a bus full of kids
“About 2h from Zurich” seems accurate enough but it is funny when you realize 2/3 of Switzerland is at “About 2h from Zurich”
You make it sound like Americans have a problem with guns ?only one part of our population does ! And  remember Europeans have murdered millions of inocent people with guns in its history, not even close !
They have also a Tank Shooting Range over the Autobahn in Swiss
just build the shooting range alongside the road, why even introduce a 0.0000001% chance of hurting an innocent civillian??
What if you tilted the rifle so that it was almost vertical?   Eh? Raining bullets down on those cars.  The gun would still taken away from you.
what about ricochet
Everybody has the right to own the same weapons your military has regardless of where you live.
Wow I love Switzerland now.
i live 20 minutes from it and passed that road many times without problems !
legit know 3-4 gun ranges here in switzerland, that shoot over the street
I wonder if someone driving an open top car would hear the sound of the bullets going overhead. Great video as usual from Tom
thats the road JFK was cruising
Hi Tom Schusswaffen is Fire arms, you wrote Schutzwaffen that's not a word that we use. :)
Such a shitty title and idea of a firing range
Switzerland has a well regulated militia.
They shoould build something another above, i prefer airport
Decent backstop also.
i'm sorry but i just can't stop laughing everytime i hear swiss german dialect
If the bullet just perfect hit the top of the concrete it would be the 1 in millon impact; at least the is no a constanct traffic so, the ricochet could fall after, before or just pass through between vehicles, so the disaster even in this case is minimal
It's all about discipline
If Switzerland didn't have stupid anti-car laws and a ban on motor racing it would be the most perfect country ....................... in the world
Everyone is talking about the cars or the cows and I'm just amazed that they measure the bullets position with microphones.
Wouldn't the gusts from passing vehicles mess up your trajectory?
Technically: If for some super weird reason , the gun powder load in the case/round is not the correct amount (too low) the round will fly out at such a low speed it might fall too fast and hit a car (maybe at some insane slow speed of 100 fps).   The bad round will need to be the perfect amount of powder to make it come out of the barrel (not get stuck in the barrel or misfire) then be slow enough to fall onto the road .   I have fired a bad round (45acp) and it def came out of the barrel with way too low energy/ speed, falling to the ground before target, like a carton .
Seems like the area between the wall and the road would be a nice spot for a military training or administrative area. Becoming accustomed to operating normally with bullets occasionally flying overhead might be beneficial. Similar to the training concept of crawling under barbed wire with a machine gun firing over it.
That target updating system is genius. Honestly that range is awesome!
Gun crime in the US is not about laws or anything, we have over 20,000 laws in the books and they get stricter every year. Switzerland is an example of that. Just like South Africa, Columbia, Slovakia, Thailand and more or an example of the opposite. Those four countries have extreme firearm murder rates.  I'm glad you didn't talk out of your [use your imagination] and did this all non-biased.  If someone wanted to shoot at the cars they could do that somewhere else. Having a gun doesn't mean you gravitate towards violence. In the US rifles are rarely used for crimes and fall below everyday items for homicide.
and I live about 1000m away from it
They should be sued. Idiots
Reminder that though they are allowed to keep the guns, they dont have the ammo, so all the have is a block of metal with some springs and a tube that does nothing but is used as a paper weight. When talking about countries with gun laws that where passed remember the countries that are the highest in crime in the world, i.e south american, middle eastern, and even african.  Its about how the population behaves and especially the lower class that rather than work, they decide to steal and sell drugs.  Note, the rate of gun deaths in the US is significant ONLY because they also add the number of suicides by guns in that number, deaths by rifles such as the super scary ultra assault child killer 15, are a fraction of that of handguns. Gun laws will never work in a country where there are 400 million guns (registered), but only 330 million people, no ones gonna turn em in or comply, and they shouldnt.
Switzerland does not have an army, Switzerland is an army.  You should have gone to the Swiss town Lyss. There is a similar shooting ground, but with an Autobahn in between and there are cows as well between the Clubhouse and the targets...
Quite common here in switzerland, as more in the land as more you see it😄
you are human, you are qualified to speak on guns.  This idea that americans were born with beer in one hand and a hand gun in the other.  Even americans are tired of it.  You have one group that thinks you need a howitzer to hunt, another that thinks guns should not exist and another that wonders what happened to the good old days of a 10 guage and bird shot.   Gun ownership today means ak47/ar15..uzi, mac 10..it's excessive and a problem
I still think is a bad idea though… there has to be other options😅
Wow it's almost like the every country in the world takes gun safety more seriously then in America 🙃
Shitty place to learn to shoot if you are required to shoot prone.
Maybe the Swiss are more intelligent on average then the USA
Surely that guy is speaking dutch?
80,000 rounds a year 🤣 some American ranges/clubs do that in a weekend.
Awesome video! God bless. Always remember that Jesus Christ loves you all so much! Jesus Christ forgives all sins. Jesus Christ is God, King, and Savior!❤🙏
This is the basis of a high school physics problem—I just know it.
Wow you are an amazing shot. I’m sure the guy who worked there was surprised!
why does been british disqualify you from having a opinion.
why does the advertiser know im about to watch your video
firearms are so much fun : ( it's a level of power, that the most ambitious child would never imagine being able to precisely shoot something so far away with so much power really fun hobby, really hope we figure out a way to keep it safely in this country
The best thing the NRA does in the USA, that's rarely talked about, is it's many certified instructors who teach gun safety to adults and kids.
Go Switzerland! Setting a great example from the rest of the world!
Not a good idea IMO.  Though it's unlikely, there's still a risk of a ricochet or debris, and with cars going by it's really only a matter of time before one gets hit.  Just move the targets somewhere else so you aren't shooting over the highway, derp.
What if we 💋 under the Tom Scott bullets?
I drove past that range multiple times and I never asked myself if this was anything unusual xD
This would never fly in the state of Texas
just so you know, we don’t do this in america
I mean so you could technically hit cars while lying down by pointing the gun way up towards to sky and arcing the bullet down onto the road.  Technically.
God shooting young 'un.
They don't have the blacks
so they bring their guns from mandatory military service
Ok, but why?
Damn i wonder how high the accident number is
Idgaf what the trajectory of the bullet is you never shoot in the same direction as a person, a house, or a car.
And it's the swiss. They love rules and laws.
Honestly wouldn’t surprise me if they’ve had dozens of squib loads hit that road way.
America
Must feel like an active warzone if your driving along the road when the range is full of people practicing
this makes me want a sig 550
Everything fun and games till someone brings a mortar
... not even on a good day.  i get it, truly, but no.  it goes against all my training to fire in the direction of possible people unless those people are attempting to seriously injure or kill another person.  rubs me the wrong way.
I think there should be a mandatory military service in America period. A minimum of 2- 4yrs.
The longer I watched the more impressed I got, there's a lot we can learn from the Swiss
That's a very good reason why to reply people talking about gun violence in America I say "guns are the problem American's are"
That’s safe until a malfunctioning cartridge burns insufficient powder and falls short.
that’s illegal in my state
This would never work in the US. Too many idiots.
Until Reagan we had few mass  shooters.  I believe they are planned. Assult weapons a big problem with no training or back ground checks.  Military controls assult weapons.
There are people that are unhinged enough to go to a gun range and do something to the equivalence of fire a gun at the traffic. Hell some people have gone to the gun range just to kill their family.
Illegal to shoot across a road in America, can’t happen here
Only people who know jack s*** about shooting and ballistics would think this is dangerous.
I don't get why they didn't lower either the road or shooting position- or raise the targets and wall, I guess. Would have allowed the range to be safely used for both prone and standing positions.
This is a disgrace honestly, breaking every rule in the gun world
Cows n' cars. And then targets across the lot. Jeez I love the Swiss.
This is exactly what I need at 1:45 AM after a day of work.
The politics of gun ownership is easy. Those who who believe defending your own life is good and moral and an inalienable right, on the one hand and those that believe you don’t have the right to defend your own life on the other.  All the rest is noise.
Until someone shoots a 22 short a 22 long rifle or a 25 acp an it’s windy😂
Get me my 20mm anti material rifle
I’m a pro-gun guy and even I think this is a bad idea!
Switzerland certainly goes gun ownership right, the USA should follow suit. Unfortunately, they have such a fetish for shooting eachother and their right to "defend themselves" they never will.
For as much gun culture there is in America, this would be highly illegal to do this and it would never be approved. And even if it was, there would be phone calls to the police daily.
That is a shocking range but also so very very cool
wtf? I mean what the actual fuc?!
Guns aren't the problem in the u.s😱🤣
It's illegal in Canada to shot from or across a roadway. Canada is No.2 to the US in gun ownership in industrialized countries.
america should take note
that one smug who takes a granade launcher to this range
Shooting ranges in America very, very rarely have accidents.  Some have had none, like the range I use.
wait, they speak Freedom in Switzerland too?
The harder you have to work at or for something the less likely you are to make dumb choice and throw it ALL away because you know how much time effort money and patience it took to get what you wanted. People look at others and think oh how cool it would be to have a speed boat or top of the line cars or guns or toys. All those things require licenses, permits, money, know how etc.! It takes a RESPONSIBLE person to have and juggle all of those things and keep up with insurance and repairs, maintenance, a busy life and schedule and that’s all before you get to get out and use the damn thing it is! It’s not 5o/5o work play. It’s like 80-90 work and 20 or 10 play. For every hour of fun it took hours of work and it could all be over in just a few minutes of reckless play or a big mistake in the work department. It’s a balancing act but the coolest things out there require much respect and responsibility before you can enjoy them without problems or fear.
So many shootings in America is because they criminalize LEGAL gun owners and NOT the CRIMINALS.
In Deutschland würdest du niemals so eine Anlage genehmigt bekommen. Nicht einmal unter Bestandsschutzrecht.  In Germany you would never get such a system approved. Not even under grandfathering law.
If that guy learned Norwegian, he'd be a perfect speaker of North Norwegian in no time. The cadence is such, barring some scraping R's.
I'm just amazed of how legible his speech was. I almost didn't need the subs. I'm Norwegian with English as my second language.
Just driving and you here rounds cracking over your head
Total verrückt,  währe in Deutschland undenkbar.
They definitely have cartridges that would be unsafe to shoot there, rimfire. Some lower velocity stuff could easily clear the wall and fall into the highway
Most people who own firearms in Switzerland are from Army and Police. That's a very different situation in comparison of USA.
You should do a shooting video article about UK gun culture. It's quite amazing how different it is between countries based on history, law and culture. There is a growing scene in the UK although it is unfortunately still a hidden scene due to only seeing negative press in the public eye.
See, it’s not the gun’s fault or the manufacturer’s, but it ALWAYS comes down to the shooter.  If the Swiss can do this, then so can the US. It’s about have a strong morale character & doing what’s right. 👍
This is possibly one of the dopest or if not the dopest gun range I’ve seen.. I would love to test my marksmanship at this range !!! Freaking awesome
What about a dud round? Enough powder to get past the wall if they aimed a little too high, but not enough to pass the vehicles.
An armed society is a polite society
2.4 million registered firearms is not a lot. Thats like a day in the US bud
And this is one of the many pleasant things that are possible when you have laws and a society that work properly.
Imagine a PTSD guy just driving along the country side and then bullets start cracking overhead.
To Americans: Don't try this at Home.
I will refer to Switzerland as “Democratic Modern Sparta” until such a time as I hear a single thing inconsistent with that summery.
I wonder how they control the ammo. Because more than active malignance or laziness of a shooter. I would be concerned about under powered ammo. I imagine there are tight restrictions against self loaded bullets but still human error in production would make me worried about bullets having  significantly different ballistics
Lacking the ability to shoot offhand is a huge downgrade for shooting comps unless they have pits for it that allow for standing and shooting while keeping the muzzle height below the wall.
weird how u have the same thumbnail as another youtuber and same clickbait title... WEIRD!!
Any of you confused about the difference between US and Switzerland its simple:   U.S.A: Inalienable right to bear arms  Switzerland: As long as the government says its okay.   I'm all for gun safety because being stupid with a firearm gets someone dead. With that said I'm not for asking daddy government's permission to do so.
The cracks of gunfire as you pass by, completely un aware. I would swerve off the road 😂
So if we initiated mandatory military service in the US thus increasing awareness and proper firearms safety, we would have less issues. Crazy
What if I jump really really high at the wrong time
New bucket list item
For someone who didn't want to get into the politics of owning a firearm, you sure did...
Adds to bucketlist
People need to learn, firearms are not bad.  It's people that are bad.  Until we can get the people under control there is no need to keep going after firearms.  Besides more are killed due to alcohol and drugs than in firearms crime.  But we don't see that in the news.
Crazy Germans.
that is a verry good idea, if you have limited space
O wow, i live really near like 2 Km Away. Its near Wimmis / Spiez in Bern.
In America if there was something like that there would be at least a dozen incidents where someone shot at a car per year whether it was intentional or accidental. And even if there weren’t any incidents you would have some karen or some random person claim it as a hazard and cause issue for the range owner, employees, and customers.
@demolitionranch These guys say it's impossible to get through the 30cm reinforced concrete wall @ 3:00 Challenge.
Dang they get to keep their rifles after service??
If you're lucky enough, you can hit the drivers and cause a accident
swiss gun etticate is truly fascinating, safety over everything, I love it
Subtitles? who needs subtitles! just learn swiss german.
The big difference is the compulsory service, and the fact that the general population is very homogeneous.
I shoot by myself and i can say, we are very responsible with our firearms :)) best wishes from zurich
Seeing bullet holes on the ceiling, walls, and table top at regular shooting ranges makes this scary
Put one into the wall and get a direct ricochet back
I almost always love the swiss!
Ah. A perfect demonstration of why gun control works when implemented correctly. Good on you Switzerland. If only my fellow Americans weren't so stupid.
Very interesting setup there. I can't see any county zoning department allowing that in America unfortunately
That design is actually genius
Im german and still had to read the text because switzer german is too hard to understand 00:32
I went to a shooting range in Switzerland when I was young, it was a great experience, seemed very safe.
Unfortunately their could possibly be “that nut job” who wants to do some sadistic evil , and take that pot shot.  That one person should be taken care of and not take everyone else’s rights away as a result.  This is the safest range I’ve ever seen
I still don't like it, since you always have to lie down to shoot.
It’s all fun and games until a double decker bus drives by 😳
This seems like fun!
The cows don't supprise me.  At our range in California we have deer standing 20-30 feet from the target and they don't even flinch.
Yes! We need to do this in the US. Give EVERYONE guns, besides felons, and gun violence will decrease significantly. Train everyone with guns too. Instead of trying to take away our guns, which will get those trying to take them killed.
Take note America, this is how gun safety works.
my only question but why lmao
Why does this range seem like a bad idea
One thing that i feel should have been mentioned is that half our population does have guns, but you arent allowed to have any ammunition... There are stores in military bases and shooting ranges, but you cant take any ammo home with u.
As an American it is refreshing seeing our euro brothers enjoying freedom. No political agenda just some guys enjoying a range day. Thank you for not turning this into a soap box to yell from.
That targeting system is SO cool. Is that commonplace at ranges elsewhere?
This is a good lesson on discipline.
Can the vehicles driving by hear the gun shots?
3:34 id be a bit concerned about the ricochet angle and distance or a round striking a rock on the hill to the road on the right.
I want to shoot there
I could instantly tell why it was “safe”. A wall blocks shots fired too low….thank goodness.
I would never underestimate the action of morons. Just takes one.
80,000 rounds a year in the whole gun range? That's what me and my two neighbours shoot in six months.
The guy is explaining normal shooting range rules like they are somehow different than anywhere else
Karen's around the world had a spike in blood pressure when they saw this video. I'm actually surprised YouTube hasn't taken the video down. Nice range!
One of the biggest problems in America with guns not enough training
I’m by no means a gun nut but I applaud Switzerland for teaching her citizens proper gun safety.   To all my right wing countrymen, if you REALLY want to win the gun debate…      COPY SWITZERLAND.
In NA, someone would ruin this in about 15 seconds.
This range is probably no more dangerous than where I live in the US. An Air Force base is about three miles from my house. B52’s are taking off or on a landing pattern at least fifty times a day. Right over my house. A lot of times doing touch downs and taking right back off, circle around and do it again. I guess if one crashes it’d go above a quarter of a mile wiping everything out. I believe the range might be safer.
It's illegal to shoot over an rd here in United States.  Also have to be X amount of feet from an public rd to hunt/shoot
Can understand why the firearm is only allowed to be loaded when the shooter is in prone position. The bit that really impresses me is the 3-microphone bullet placement calculator.  That's just awesome.
But what if you shot a pistol with subsonic ammo and it doesn’t reach the target before the bullet drop
Interesting, and makes me even more glad to be American.....
I think this is a common ground both Right and Left should be able to agree on, that anyone operating a gun ought to have the training necessary to ensure they respect the risk a weapon poses to themselves and others.
The problems in the USA come not from guns...
It's safe to fire over the road ... until an unsuspecting giraffe shows up behind that wall.
Tom if you come to America (midwest) and want to shoot some firearms DM me.
I've seen similar shooting ranges in Switzerland, nice shooting.
There are cows. Why didnt Tom mention about the cows. F highways.
The range guy looks alot like a very young Donald pleasant.
I dont care what they say that's dumb
I guess your safe, as long as the ammo is not defective. Avoid Russian ammo. Hate to hear about a passing motorist (or cow) getting hit by a defective bullet.
I still don't agree with it. Why was it built that way? Yes, everyone is responsible and everything will most likely be fine, but why even do it from the beginning? Why even take the chance?
Great Range! I’d like to see compulsory military service here in America. Having a country where everyone has to serve and train how to soldier, and fire a weapon, is one reason Switzerland has never been invaded, and so many choose to carry after their service, makes an enemy think twice about invading.
GREAT IDEA !!!  Because by the looks of the video, there is no place else available in Switzerland to put a rifle range !!
12 targets!?  That's it?
1:24 That'll prevent those accidental mass shootings.
What if a really tall vehicle drives past? Can you see it laying down?
I only see a problem with grazing the walltop and the bullet spinning forward and downward hitting a car on the road. Think of a forward spinnig curveball in baseball. Could never get a permit for a range like this in Germany.
All of these laws are the same as Canada. What the heck you doing in the states?
But, like, what if you're taking your China Lake out to the range, and you dribble out a frag with dodgy propellant?
And here I thought people follow engineering fundamentals for safety in gun use. Now I don't think that's unsafe per se, but why would you not place the range somewhere where there is no public road in the middle of down the range? I assume with this technology there is no need for the shooters to get to the targets or replace them, so that's cool but what if there was no road in the middle for target maintenance? Personally I'm not in favour of "here's all the possibilities we have thought of, so there is no possibility for it to go wrong" design methodology. Always been more of a fan of "let's remove any unnecessary possibility of mishappen, mistake and misuse", like a road in the middle down the range since it serves no purpose for the shooting range. The interesting part was the locating system of the shot on the target though, cool technology.
Imagine driving under that and hearing the crack as a round breaks the sound barrier over your car. I know I'd absolutely freak out.
No gun deaths, but a suspiciously high number of fragile old people reporting heart attacks in the area.
Shooting at organised ranges anywhere is the safest sport. 👍👏😁
Trying to understand Swiss German gives me a headache
But what does it sound like driving underneath?
What about a ricochet upwards off the top of the wall? Surely there's enough remaining velocity to at least damage a windshield if not more. Surprised that wasn't mentioned, if at all possible, that is.
I worry about squib loads, under powered loads coming up short and hitting a passing car.
I wish Americans who owned guns had as much respect for training and safety as the Swiss do. So many Americans buy guns simply because they can, and have no respect for the items they own. Guns are not evil, but they are inherently dangerous.
Very cool
I never use gun ranges. Around here, if your on a range and don't kiss their ass, you're out. I'm all for safety, but most ranges are run by power tripping asshats.
Realistically nothing dangerous would happen there. But, technically it could. I don't understand why they don't install ballistic glass to part ways down the opening where you shoot. Other people could still see out. You could still shoot out when prone. But if you're standing up, there is ballistic glass in the way.  As I said, it is already quite safe. But, why not remove the possibility, even if that possibility is so negligibly small.
you have something like that in CHicago and Detroit.. shooting over busy roads all the time..there are also teams that can drive in front of your house and unload a series of bullets.. U.S.A..!!
but, what if a double-decker bus is passing by ?
Americans be like 😳
Look at Navel Weapon Station Earl in NJ, USA.  Its an artillery range over the highway.
I've been shooting long distance for years. If you clipped the top of that cement barrier your bullets would very likely curve and tumble directly towards the road. Really moronic design.
This is the most dangerous range I've ever heard of.  Big issues with this.
In the thumbnail I legit thought they were launching the Literal HOUSE!
A verbal description makes it sound like a trick shot.  So over the cows and moving vehicles with an iron sight?  Got it.
But if a bullet grazes the top of the wall, can it not flick downwards and hit a car?
Russian version of this would be to test fire rocket launchers over a football pitch.
I mean. It's pointless isn't it, they just didn't have to put it around a road, I don't care about trajectory, fact is there's a bullet flying over your head & you didn't sign up for, or know it was happening.
I wish America was more like Switzerland in this way, where all the citizens have firearm training. I’d like a program that teaches kids firearm safety and handling in schools and for all the money that goes towards enforcing pointless gun laws to go towards training people to carry and use firearms responsibly
I'm always jealous when I see videos of Switzerland. The place is just ridiculously beatiful.
put US citizens there, and its now the sworld most dangerous targeting range.
I dig the guy who runs it
It's so dumb and unnecessary, why not building the gun range elsewhere.
0:03 is anyone qualified?
What if i shoot .338 round at that tree and it falls over and causes a massive dance party on the road
Not having gun crimes is often reduced when your population density is much much smaller.
Don't care what the reasoning is, live shooting over a bunch of cars is just asking for an accident.
A country that makes decisions with facts and science,  America could learn something
Deutsche Behörden wollen jetzt die Schweiz verbieten.
Prouve that peoples kill and not weapons , 2.5 million guns but very low criminal activities . Can’t say the same about the US .
Friend of mine helped to plan and build this range, interesting to see it here.
Switzerland? The nation known for being neutral and absolutely destroying anyone (except napoleon) that tries to invade them, having this kind of gun range? Yea I can see that.
but why? they ran out of space in the Alps ?
Is that the bloke from Two pints of larger and a packet of crisps?
Switzerland proving how proper gun ownership works. Kudos!
That's why anyone that goes shooting with me gets a rundown of the rules of guns. Out in Nevada we can shoot almost anywhere with public lands, just need to be a mile from any building. Never had an incident and other people around here shoot all the time and everyone is respectful to each other. It's the 1% that ruin it for the rest of us, and usually its a mental health issue. I also carry a gun every day, literally I don't leave home without one and never had an issue. It's just like a car, if you drive responsibly, you are fine but once you lose respect for how much damage a car can cause, you can easily get killed or kill someone else.
this cant be real wtf i love it
I like the cows
"safe" judging by the side of those walls and the way they are angled if a bullet spalls it's going right at the road or a unlucky car
There are people crazy enough to do that tho This whole place is a terrible idea
The quality of firearms in a place is not the issue its if the owner is not mature responsible or mentally capable of owning one where issues and shootings occur this is what gun control is for to prevent shootings not take away your guns just prevent stupid people treating them as toys usa is a prime example of idiots that shud not own them
Proof, if any were ever needed, that it’s not the weapon that kills, it’s the person wielding the weapon.
I think mandatory public service or military service would give a lot of people in more wealthy countries some appreciation for what they have.  As far as firearms are concerned, I think the same applies. Respect and proper gun safety is important to teach. There used to be rifle clubs in schools, and shooting IS an Olympic sport, while American football isn’t…….  That’s all I’ll say 😂
There are no politics in gun ownership, no matter how much politicians try
Now if this was in the USA the slogan would be the legal moving target range
The problem here in America is the only thing anti gun activists have done is remove mandatory training children got in school. Further uneducating people on how to properly use a firearm
I’d be scared af driving down that road.
it's safe becos the cars approach to the killzone with angled armor, war thunder teaches you this
My concern is ricochet from the target end back into the road here, highly unlikely but surely possible?
This video good for Americans. No gun violence.  Just for self defense and fun.  Look at the gun range.  Perfect
They should have a stand at the beginning of this road that sells targets you can attach to the top of your car
Guns are completely safe. It's just the dark things that use guns in ghettos that make them a worrying statistic. In britain the dark things use knives or acid, same critter, different habitat ruined.
Is this a scandinavian speaking german, or is it a weird swiss dialect?
It's such a weird feeling expecting to hear Swedish but instead hearing and understanding German, for a second I thought I learned Swedish lmao
i live in chicago too
Wait, if gun ownership is prevelent in Sweden but number people that are hurt by them are really low ... My brain hurts. Guns kill people! Just look at all the statistics.
Switzerland is also one of the richest, healthiest, and, by some measures, happiest countries in the world. Even with that, Switzerland still has one of the highest rates of gun violence in Europe. The suicide rate is nothing to boast about either.
My fave when the swiss are Based   *Impressed face*
4:49 AMERICA BABY
Being an ex Armourer from the RAF, you still see and wince at so called trained people and how they handle a firearm.I think it's more of a cultural thing being responsible. Because half the idiots I've served with I would not let near a pea shooter, nevermind a rifle.
Okay I'm legitimately impressed.
I feel like this could be a good way to get rid of lifted truck drivers in America...
Damn im kinda jealous of the swiss now
Nothing is impossible.. just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean it couldnt...
america.... take note
America just stupid
Wouldn’t that scare the drivers and potentially make them crash?
toms looks dissapointed that  theres no way you can go full crazy mode and start a shoot up
"I'm British so I'm not qualified" how about knife ownership politics?
I can see that bullets would graze up the wall at 3:03, but can they say with certainty that a bullet clipping the lower lip wouldn't rebound up, then down into the road?
Thankfully, double-decker buses aren't a big part of swiss tourism!
...excellent video Tom... guns don't kill people, rappers do 🙂👍
This is still looking wrong to me :p No matter of physics.
And they say Switzerlands smart
What happens if a big tall truck passes by?
That monitor is straight out of Fallout, lmao
The most amazing thing about this video for me is that I can understand the swiss guy speaking.
I understand that it is completely safe to shoot there, but even so I'm perplexed about why such a spot would be selected for it.
Ok, but why does it have to go over a road? Isn't there a bunch of open places in Switzerland to put shooting ranges that don't go over roadways?
i’ve seen this video before
Thats is just ridiculous, it just shows that the sweeds have no idea about firearms and projectiles! Absurd. Probably the stupidest thing ive ever seen.
thought this was a golf range for some reason
Ein Kommentar
Respect towards and diciplin with the weapon is the key feature of Swiss gunownership.
Am i going crazy, i can swear to god i watched this video years ago
Surely it is theoretically possible to fire a projectile that clips the wall and slows enough to lower the trajectory.  Unlikely I'm sure but surely possible?
Gunsuck trash.
This is what I respect. The trained use of firearms with high regard for safety
No eye protection at this range?
This week, I got a letter from the Swiss army. I forgot to fulfill the shooting exercises last year. Now I have to defend myself and a case will be opened, where I will be sanctioned (I hope "only" a couple hundreds francs). The swiss regime is so hard, even if you don't take shooting exercises, you get punished 😂
The Swiss really define, "A polite society is an armed society."
As an American I take my gun outback and shoot cans. Much more relaxing
Seems like perfect space managment
I want to watch an hour documentary on this and swiss gun laws now
I feel like an additional bit of safety would be to just have bars slid out over someone while they're prone so they cannot stand up quickly. That way, if someone is trying to get up, it's easy to identify and there's time to stop them
a .22 with subsonic rounds, would it make it past the highway? I'm curious
“No projectiles can get through it” On today’s episode of Demolition Ranch …
Compulsory service, lots of (presumably trained and responsible) gun owners, and always neutral. Switzerland is the national equivalent to speaking softly and carrying a big stick.
This is common. just be rational and understand how the range is built and our competency with firearms. This is not crime ridden UK
Anyone have a video of driving and hearing the gun shots?
There’s something about seeing Tom with a gun that feels surreal
I would LOVE to visit that range.
built by dumbacraps ?
Considering you're shooting with iron sights and have never fired a gun before, thats a damn good showing.
That targeting system is just amazing and brilliant. I love it.
That wall (if bulletproof) would make that road really safe cause there’s no possible angle for the bullet to hit a car unless someone is purposely trying to
Responsible gun owners doing responsible gun owner things.
This is fine for Switzerland, but would be a literal disaster in the US.
I do this with moving school buses
While I agree this is perfectly safe, it does seem a bit restrictive to only be able to shoot prone.
two could bullets hit each other and one deflects into the road.
Fix the translations, damn bro
Excellent
America, take notes.
wondering the yardage on that, looks about 150 yards?
ZMM on the ASX. 99% down. Smart money opportunity?
RAN on the ASX. 99% down. Smart money opportunity?
Regarding his last point, it's the same risk at any shooting range. What's to stop anyone at your neighborhood shooting range to just turn to their side and start firing? You're going to get your ass beat/killed by everyone else who is also armed, that's why.
Can't stress enough the major difference between switzerland and the states: swiss people can't buy ammo in a store. The ammo doesn't leave the shooting range.
I find it very strange as an American that anyone would be allowed to shoot over a highway despite the obvious impossibility of a stray round hitting even the road.  I would very much be interested in Tom going to an American shooting range to discuss the difference in mentality between an American shooting range and a European shooting range.  I don't want a political discourse, but a practical breakdown would be very interesting.  Tank you Tom for bringing us another bit of esoteric knowledge! :D
Murphy's Law will hit them like a wrecking ball.
Am I the only Flemming who thought the guy was speaking Dutch with a dialect for a moment
Wait, so if you choose to keep your gun – do you have to pay for the gun, or do they just give that gun to you if you want to keep it?
One of Tom's better videos in my opinion. Can't quite put my finger on why, but I enjoyed this more than most others.
In the Emsland in germany, something similar exists but the road is closed when the soldiers train
do you think "but they know how to use them" after "there are a lot of people with guns here" makes it sound safer? these are not fireworks, that result is manslaughter then done very very wrong, guns are made to shoot (initially and mostly people and (other) animals). then they are used for manslaugher, they are _used_ for manslaugher, it does not _happen_ out of _incompetence_ (or like, manufacturing defect in a gun)   somebody: threatens me with a gun me: thank god we're in switzerland, where most male citizens learn how to shoot, and a lot of them chose to have a gun in a civil life, deffinatelly with very sane, safe and nonviolent intents. i wouldn't feel safe to get shot by an incompetent person
The reason there isn't any incidents is because they are a civilised, intelligent country and no one feels the need to shoot each other..
The Swiss just have a very different mentality to the rest of us. It is the only country in the world I have been to where I have seen someone vacuum cleaning a tarmac surface.
But why?, i mean i now understand that it is 100% safe and that but still, why is the range over the road? Was it there  before the road? Was there no permission to clear out some forest in the surroundings? was it cheaper to build over thr road rather than not? I feel like that question would be more interesting rather than the safetey of it.
The real message of this video is how weird Swiss German is
It's all fun and games until a double-decker bus comes driving down the road!
American gun owner here, I love guns, but I wish people treated gun safety with more respect.
When people are rational, we can deal with problems smartly and confidently this clearly demonstrated that
Wo si mini Schwitzer? 🇨🇭🇨🇭
No one mention the cows
Standup isn’t comedy…
1:58 it‘s „Schusswaffen“ (firearms) not „Schutzwaffen“
I'm certain I've seen this range on YouTube before. Is this a re-upload?
I can't believe i could have passed by you in the city! so nice to see you in Zürich :))) Great post as always!
Would have thought the sudden gunshot noises would cause accidents?
I don't know of any today, but not far from where I live in North Wales there was a Victorian era firing range that shot over a road like this...I have also visited a large country estate in southern England where the firing point was on the terrace of the "big house" and the targets  (very large steel gongs) were a 1000 yards away, and the trajectory took the bullets over country lanes and people's houses ect...Again I think that was Victorian era, maybe up to WW2.....
wow the bit about the microphones was very cool!!
Switzerland: We only allow trained people to use our guns.   American Uncle to 3 y old Jimmy: HERE’S MY AK-47b FOR CHRISTMAS JIMMY BOY.
Seems there's space on both / either side of the hiway for the range, plus there's the option of putting the hiway on the other side of the range. Either would prevent the crazy from standing up creating a safety hazard, and would allow normal firing in the standing position as an option. I only fired a rifle in the prone position in boy scouts.
4:16 The best sentence I think I've ever heard. As an American gun owner, I appreciate this pov.
Pluses about Switzerland: Their neutrality Their mountains Their cannon shooting practice And of course, the flag.
Gee, it's almost like a culture that's not terrified of firearms and isn't total garbage leads to...who'd have thought...LESS VIOLENCE!  Amazing!  Even that being said, the vast majority of gun ranges here in the US are super safe.  They're patronized largely by people that know and respect weapons and are overseen by people that know how to spot those few that aren't.  At the end of the day, contrary to what so many would like to believe, if the gun was the problem, gun stores and shooting ranges would be completely uninhabitable.  The polar opposite is true.
Shooting a rifle over a highway right next to a cow pasture is the most Swiss thing I've ever seen.
You look so butch
da kann kein projectil durch "u ever seen a 50bmg ?"
saw the title and immediately thought there’s no way this is in america 😂
What do you think a range is like in the U.S. every one I have been to is the same. Disrespect the safety rules you are gone. Also surrounded by trained vets.
All I learned from this video is that Swiss people sound funny. And that I probably shouldn't say that about a country literally full of people that could kick my ass in 0.2 seconds
Americans would be livid
Wow. The coolest part of the range is the electronic targets. I was wondering at the beginning of the video “how do the targets work? Do they have to travel across the road to set up paper targets? Are the targets metal and get spray painted over so you can see bullet impacts?” Using pressure waves to triangulate the bullet impact is by far way more satisfying. It tickles my engineer brain.
Three times the speed of sound I think thats a little bit to fast;)
0:02 so brave of Tom to come out as British 💕 💕 🙏
I wonder if there's a height limit for your car on that road. Imagine getting a random "HEIGHT MAX 2M" on an open road and no tunnel in sight. You'd be like "WTF ? What for ?"
This is a reason why I completely support the normalization of firearms in the United States. And proper training to utilize such tools responsibly. I don’t personally believe gun control works.
Ya perfect.  Because accidents could never happen on a shooting range with well trained idiots
The main difference between Switzerland and the United States is Diversity in population and the size 8.5 million vs 333.8 million. Get back to me on gun violence when you can at least compare on Ethnic, racial and Societal Diversity.
This is the best example of, "you don't just do things because you can." Why not make a military bomb factory next to a civilian airport? Just to prove bombs don't kill people. People kill people. I think this is taking, "trying to make a point", too far.
To be honest, this video reflects just as badly on Switzerland as it does on anywhere else. The "club" has 160 members, of which 140 are soldiers doing compulsory training. So there are a whopping 20 people who enjoy the privilege of shooting there privately. Good god damn job.
So much 6.5 Swiss...
Even in the US gun ranges are incredibly safe. As with anything you're only going to cause harm when you're deliberately disobeying the rules. Gun owners, especially hobbyists like you would find at this kind of range, take safety extremely seriously.
This is amazing. Americans couldn't do this sadly.
Dumb idea...An under powered bullett can reach the road and kill. Go to explain that to a Swiss judge after the fact...
No ones hurt by guns cause everyone has guns should’ve been the sentence
Plot twist:they are just moving targets
Why can’t America be like Switzerland
note to self: don’t cross switzerland
I really wanna go that looks like a cool experience
I have a very rudimentary understanding of German, so listening to this strange mountain German is quite wild.
Gun restriction losers stay coping
There's actually a range about 2 or 3 hours drive from me on the way the the cabin we go to and on one of the mountain highways has a rifle range that shoots over it. It goes from one mountain to the other. It's usually used by people who are obviously training for long range shooting competitions and such. Edit: It's in Pennsylvania. I believe they might actually also use it as a way to allow handicapped people that rely on wheelchairs to still hunt. They have a spotter to help them using a large spotting scope and such.
Anybody with enough interest in firearms to get licensed and join a gun club is invested enough to behave. I'm not arguing gun policy and registration (registration does nothing practical to stop crime just punish) but these were never the people who had to be worried about
It‘s amazing how we swiss most of the time foget how grateful we should be to not have any school or mass shootings for instance
That would have been an awesome place to be raised in.
why does the swiss guy in the beginning sound like a dutch person speaking german ?
If u close ur eyes u can almost hear chef Ramsey
I like the idea I just don't like the idea of the registered weapons.
Tom: there is no possible trajectory for hitting the road when lying down.  Mortar: Hold my beer
Put road in tunnel
The democrats would love that here..
he's british
What about the mountain side where the targets are?  Is that off limits to people?  animals?
1:35 yea and America has over 1 billion
Superb, Thank you for making this video.
No matter the safety precautions and the seemingly impossibility of hitting a car, I don't think I would feel comfortable shooting over a road like that. It would also likely be illegal to have a rifle range like this here in the US.   Not sure about everywhere here but a lot of states (if not all) have laws about discharging a firearm within a certain distance of a road or highway. I know in my state, if you're within 500 feet of a home (that is not your home), road, highway, etc, it is illegal to fire a gun outside of a justified self defense situation. I think these laws are usually more about noise than safety and I think the road one is in the hunting regulations in my state (don't want hunters shooting an animal from their truck from the road).
I won't be talking about gun rights since I'm British but here's how gun regulation saves lives.  But jokes aside this was a great video explaining some of the examples of why gun regulations can be so important in day to day lives in a country filled with guns
I’ve drove past there! 😳😂 I’m sure there’s one in Romania too? We were driving on a brand new motorway that had not long opened in 2015 and saw these great big concrete pillars on one side of the fly over and a shooting club on the other? Never really looked into it before 🤔 couldn’t tell you exactly where it was though.
A armed society is a polite society always has been and will forever be true
this is absolutely crazy I live in the bay area and we're having a big problem with highway shootings right now this is unimaginable to me
that's so cool!
You cant take home your weapon after finish military since 1999 🤦‍♂️
Only in America.
What about that dirt road below the targets?
Taking away guns doesent stop gun violence, your just taking them from people who respect the law truedo
I saw the picture and was sure it was in Switzerland  We have many shooting ranges like this here
I think that it's possible that if a bullet collided with another bullet midair it could ricochet towards the road.
Here in the states, when an entire classroom of 5 year olds are shot and killed we turn it into a conspiracy theory and say they just never existed because we are that unhinged and disgusting.
They have all that land and keep that shitty range running. 😂
Shooter can't even see the cars.  It's elevated.  Would be interesting driving with window down and see if you can here ballistic cracks
I still believe no one should go within 45° of direct line of fire or within the shooters 90° FOV so my brain just can't accept this.
20 years and not a single incident. If the same setup is build in USA, you'll get an incident every 20 minutes.
GUN OWNERSHIP IS EPIC
This is incredibly unsafe, ricochet’s and underpowered round could very well make their way into a car.
Must admit this has changed my mind on gun ownership in general. It does seem that America has a firearms issue. But is that caused by lack of training or a license issue
I saw the thumbnail and knew it was in switzerland
I get that it's safe and I understand the yknow reason why it's safe but my question is why? What's the point
I still prefer our American freedoms....
If you want to organise something that is potentially dangerous and want to make it as safe as possible, ask a Swiss to organise it.
Swiss CMP?......
Despite the language barrier, I kidda want to move to Switzerland now. Seems so safe
This is dope
Well America..you have a new challenger.
The swiss don't have an army, the swiss IS an army.
This looks like a blast!
You would find a way with all your training.
Only 80,000 rounds a year............................... those are rookie numbers, gotta pump those up!  -Sincerely 1 Proud American
What if a bullet just hits the very edge of the wall and gets sent tumbling at a slower speed towards the road?
Looks like Eau Rouge, but without the track haha
"You will very rapidly not be holding the rifle  British people are so Polite haha
i had mild cultural shock from listening to swiss people. it went smth like: i understand what they say but not what language it is; must be english spoken with accent; oh no, it's german! swiss german, that is. - once i listened to hole lecture thinking it was french and enjoying how well i understood. and realized only then that is was, in fact, in english, with french accent.
In what language did the guy at 0:55 speak?
In America we don't have guns for sport purposes. We have guns to rein in the government.
Swiss German scares me
Everyone is talking about the highway, but those poor cows must be constantly shitting bricks.
if the wall was not there I bet you some one would shoot a cow before they shot a car.
High gun ownership works in Switzerland because they have mandatory military service so most gun owners understand gun safety.  Unlike the USA when you throw in a bunch of LARPers.   That's how you end up with that guy from a couple weeks ago who chased down, shot, and killed a guy who was lost and parked in his driveway....then still claimed self defense.
Meanwhile in Texas I was able to shoot a rifle in my brother's backyard
Pay attention America
Great drone work! This came together very well
I can't imagine anyone shooting a car intentionally in this scenario, but I've two questions. Is there a risk of cliping the top of the wall and the trajectory being lowered under the right circumstances? And are the drivers aware of the range overhead?..
I'm jealous, I thought I had a nice shooting club but this blows it out of the water.
America doesn't have a gun problem so much as it has many economic, psychological and cultural problems. As an American I've lived in many places that have high rates of gun ownership per capita (that's for American standards which means probably some of the most armed places in the world). These places were safe and gun ownership in these places was a non issue. If you are to look at gun violence in America you'd have to look at various different areas, as you'll find most parts actually have comparable crime rates to many European nations
well it looks like a good idea but not sure I could bring myself to shoot over a road just goes against everything I have been taught
"'oh, what if i decided to point the rifle at someone??' you would _very rapidly _*_not_* be holding a rifle anymore"
Swiss  cheese is great
I would like to participate 2024 Paris   Olympic shooting games
i want driveby footage on that highway with bullets flying over, curious
remind me to never ride a double decker bus in Switzerland
This language sound like a scuffed version of Ducth
In South Africa someone would have been shot in their car on opening day.
In my opinion the range is not designed properly. The fact that you can stand and fire from a braced position, leaning against a wall, or offhand at the targets with the road and cars in view proves it has happened before and will again. A negligent discharge from the shooting area will happen sooner or later. Don't tell me the Swiss never negligently discharge.
You coulda done this in England, Tom, albeit... not over a road.
hes british
how I do not miss the days in these shooting ranges in military service when some folks didn't know how to aim and shot into the concrete two or three times before they noticed 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏿🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏿‍♀️🤦🏻🤦🤦‍♂️ I think you delivered a good over all image of what shooting ranges in Switzerland could be like but you might have overestimated the capabilities of your average swiss military guy 🙃
Oh why it has to eb safe?
I love how quickly you started enjoying yourself. Oddly therapeutic, isn't it!
Excellent report 👌
It's simply not true that Switzerland has only 1-2 incidents with guns per year. When you check the statistics, you'll find that Switzerland has 200 - 400 deaths with guns per year. The biggest part are suicides, but even if you subtract them, you still have 20 - 60 gun deaths per year. That is a lot more than 1 - 2...
The shooting range president was speaking high German which Swiss Germans HATE to speak. You should have gotten a Swiss German translator.
Don’t tell Alec Baldwin about this place
At least the owner looks like a very trustworthy character. :-/
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership" Lemme guess, this county overwhelmingly votes Trumpian.
The problem in the United States is not gun ownership it's gangs gangs and drug violence  Is the overwhelming majority of shootings in the United States over 90% of them are done by people that aren't even allowed to have firearms that were obtained illegally Is and out of that 90% The majority are handguns not rifles or shotguns of any kind
4:24, look at that projectile
I've never been able to understand Schwyzerdütsch in Switzerland, but I understand this guy perfectly for some reason. Great video! :)
I understand it’s not as dangerous as it seems, but I still think they could have put the gun range somewhere else
What if a bird gets hit while it is flying in that range? What if a person jumps really high and gets hit?
Dort gibt es wenigstens noch normal denkende Leute in größerer Anzahl. Nicht lauter Antiwaffenhysteriker wie hier in Deutschland.
Imagine being for some reason on top of a car and getting blasted 15 times
more reasons why i dont like the US
at some point somebody is going to wallbang some car tyre´s there
You just can't control a bullet.
I do not want to get involved in the politics, so I will by talking about not talking about it.
“I don’t wanna get into the politics of owning guns I’m british” as a fellow Englishman I wanna know why that makes a difference, are you under the impression we can’t own guns over here as I’ll inform you your incredibly wrong, we can and do own firearms over here myself being one of the millions that do, the only firearms we can’t own are handguns, fully automatic and I’m not 100% certain but almost sure burst rifles aswell. I can literally go and buy myself a cannon right this second perfectly legally so why does being English have anything to do with not knowing politics behind owning firearms when you as an Englishman are well within your rights to do
In the United States, they would teach firearms safety in grade schools to kids and also had rifle shooting leagues but the liberals stopped that and taught kids that guns are bad and kill people.
wow this is awesome. I wonder if Subsonic's are banned here.
That’s real cool. I wish Americans had this attitude. People are too cavalier here.
This is awesome! Just goes to show that responsibility actually is a thing when you respect authority.
The gun problem in the US isn't about guns. It's about gun culture.
There's one thing I can't help but notice that Switzerland doesn't have a lot which makes things like this possible
I love Switserland! 🏔️🇨🇭
incase they want a moving target
Guns are disgusting
There are many Shooting range like in Switzerland. When i was a kid there was one just outside the city.
You are qualified reference English Bill of Rights 1688
Ah the Swiss. How are they so amazing?
there is also a small road righ underneath the targets
The dirt things I would do to get my hands on that sanswiss550 shown...
This is dumb af
We will see America's view on guns change once China and Mexico invade
this is the dumbest thing ive ever heard
Please do this to California's political leaders drive ways
I’ve ridden under these, during during a range day, on a motorcycle.
I have been told, when the bullet would pass very close to the top of a wall like this, it could pull the trajectory downward.
Prob dent a car if 50 cal pass by
Still with all this ground in the world there's no reason to be shooting over a highway!
So interesting greetings from la Gran Tenochtitlán
That instructor speaks some funky German
dude.. you got old
this just proves the point that guns don't kill people , people kill people.
I still think in shootings, wherever they are, proper training isn't the problem because that would suggest mass shootings aren't commited by trained vets or just people with a lot of experience with firearms. Clearly it's a cultural/mental health issue in places where shootings are a problem. Anyone willingly killing people at random has deep unresolved issues and the sooner we focus on making this a priority, especially in schools, the better. I've had issues with depression and anxiety but never even learned about what that is until I had it AFTER I was done with the public education system. That's messed up.
This must've been a Democrats idea.  Only they would think this is a good idea.
What if someone brought in a 45 acp pistol? The bullet would drop enough and kill someone.
Brünnlisau!
Wouldn't it be quite possible to hit a tree and blast the road with wood splinters, or are they too far away?
"omfg over the road shooting range" Me: How are those cows still there
The only thing I can think of is an underpowered round. Can’t that make it over the wall but drop fast enough to get dangerously close to cars? Im sure they thought of it but I didn’t hear it mentioned.
The 2.4 million are rookie numbers.
Looks fun!
Imagine being british thinking you have any room to speak on anything.  Oh wait right, Brits are colonizers. They just make room.
Interesting, the percentage  of gun owners in Switzerland is higher than the US
👀👀
Sorry but it is so dumb to put a shooting range that fires rounds over moving cars. So unnecessary. I wouldn’t support this no matter how safe they claim it is.
It’s all safety till someone with horribly at shooting range end up bullet into busy traffic’s windowshield and it’s hit driver’s head that pronounced dead before chaos crashes! 😐🤷🏻‍♂️
a magnifier 🤭
Thats not the only place like this in switzerland.
me an american:  wait that's illegal
How are the cows chilling next to a road without any fence to keep them from wandering away??
Shooting range where you shoot in a school
Okay but after time won't a weakness develop in some part of the wall and eventually some bullets get through? All it takes is one.
A gun range like that in American and hundreds of thousands would die a day. Some how we would find a way to shoot people driving
try a rusty 1942 bazooka please
Surprised you didn’t start the segment off driving under the bullets haha
New guy shoots gun ,Switzerland now has 3 incidents
I swear that you’ve already done a video on this ages ago
In this week's episode, Tom discovers that guns are fun.
Here in America the rate of shooting deaths roughly correlates to your heritage.  I say roughly because for many people it is much lower here.  Five of my eight great grandparents were born in Sweden.  While they have strict gun laws in Sweden, if you have Swedish heritage your chances of being a gun criminal or even a gun victim is about the same as if you lived in Sweden.  I own guns.  I've also gone to the gun range with many of my neighbors.  I don't fear that any of the teenagers in my neighborhood would try to shoot someone anymore than I fear that they would drive a car down the sidewalk and kill pedestrians.  We have a lot of dangerous stuff and teaching people, especially youth to operate things responsibly is what makes us safe.  Telling someone they can't have something is a worse approach.
It comes down to this.  Law abiding gun owners/users abide the law.  It is criminals you have to worry about.
Title is misleading. It does not matter over road or not. There is no direct sight of shooting to cars. It is more dangerous being lost in forest around the target area! You need to admit it was great fun and experience, which you cannot have in UK, because of the laws favouring criminal rights. Without public owning guns there are over 7k of gun related crimes yearly!
Murphy's Law, if it can happen it will happen. But let us also remember that Switzerland remained neutral while working with the Nazis and also has funneled billions of illegal dollars through their banks. But hey, they don't shoot each other!
Since reading the title I haven't stopped saying "What?!"
You look like you are wetting your pants as you talk. Fearful is dumb.
Dumbest thing I ever saw. Bullets ricochet in any direction. It can deflect back down if it hits the top of the wall. Bullets can split, bullets can curve I the air. If anyone stands up direct line of sight to cars. This is fkn stupid.
I think the mindset of the people that own firearms dictate the statistics associated with violence. Sadly... you see a direct correlation in gun violence incidents and when a certain group began to get uppity.
Hold up. You're all about safety.......where are your 'eyes' ie safety glasses to prevent damage due to blow back?
Well as a child grew up im a open carry state  remember i was prob four years old not in school yet was with mom at bank were im line guys came in  said this is hold up everyone one in bank pulled out there guns and cocked..remember seeing them back out of bank and we continued to wait in line
Just shows how ridiculous gun control is in the USA
Imagine driving a road, suddenly lookinh up because
As an American, I’m speechless. We can’t operate a firearm within 100 yards (91.44 meters) of a road, major or backroad! For them to shoot over a highway and have no accidental impacts on any cars is amazing!
When is comes to gun violence it's the culture, not the guns.
What is the distance? I don’t remember them saying.
Switzerland doesn’t have to suffer from the scourge of racial diversity.
Amazing what people can accomplish when they know what they are doing. Great vid.
I assume they all shoot the same caliber out of the same model of rifle. It’s better then not having any guns but very sterile indeed...
"No projectiles can get through it. It's impossible" Arctic Warfare Magnum: Let me introduce myself.
Isn't till there is.
Rifles are safe the person behind it sometimes isn't
Im American. We in my generation especially in the south we are given a rifle as a right of passage to adulthood. Ive been carring a weapon since 8 years old with no accidents that have resulted in harm since i have made mistakes like anyone can. Live by the sword die by the sword. It happens. But with safety rules accidents dont cause harm if handled properly during a malfunction. The parents teach the children. Now parents have no clue. They are horrible. I agree to more training but not by law or mandate cause well im Free, Im American.
If a bullet clipped the top of the wall it could stray.
In America this is called breaking federal law 🤣
so , they font have another place to shoot that?
Funnily enough, this range is not unique in Switzerland for shooting over an active road. There are plenty more, for example the ones of Chrüzegg (near Menzingen, ZG) and Grynau (near Tuggen, SZ). It is always interesting driving under them in a convertible, when you can really notice the shots being fired overhead.
there's no crips in switzerland
Just keep your head down as you drive past, just in case.
USA has a very low rate of gun violence except in Democrat Cities where it's very high.
Amazing, listening to this I hear so much Dutch in that Swiss-German.
One of the reasons no one messes with Switzerland.
I thought it was nuts, until I saw the setup.
Clearly they must have a good safety record, but I just can't wrap my brain around the fact that you're firing over a road with people. Why not just build a shooting range that DOESN'T go over a road? It just feels wrong to me.
Those poor washing machines.
I would definitely make the trip if they added a few Heidi looking women giving shooting lessons.
Stupid design ! I don’t care how it’s set up. Firing live rounds over vehicles is Fkn stupid! They should know better.
Better than any journalism here in the states
WOW crazy location
Could the trajectory of a bullet change dramatically though if it were to catch the edge of the concrete wall just right?
Unfortunately, it's still possible to accidentally shoot someone driving past that range. Fortunately, it's massively unlikely that it will ever happen.
Well spoken
This is such a bad bad idea. Even as someone pro 2A, I wouldn't go there at all to shoot.
🤘🤘🤘
but why
American Liberals would freak out!  Well they are all criminals anyway so yes American LIBs not allowed!
With the probe shooting position you can’t have an accident it’s impossible unless someone’s shooting some 50 cal armor piercing ammo that go out under trump some of it with the tungsten rod in it will go through a concrete wall that thick
I live in west virginia USA. We are allowed to conceal carry without a permit.
Bullets can't make 90 degree turns ... this is why it's safe
Thank you for your great videos, i´m from germany and love to see those vids. But what i´m curious about, are there any signs for the drivers? Because i can imagine that a bang that loud could scare some drivers and could potentially lead to an accident??
I'd imagine it's factory load rifle rounds only.  No PCCs or some intermediate rounds that are good out to 100-150 yards then drop like rocks past that.
Damn those inexperienced shooters have better aim then my teammates in warzone
Take note America!
Meanwhile us in California…
There's lots of guns, 2.4 million...   Not by USA standards... We've got well over 300 million in civilian hands.   I heard a story once that I don't know if it's true but it was funny. It was about Germany thinking of invading Switzerland in WWII. The German ambassador asked the Swiss ambassador after finding out they had 1 million soldiers what they would do if Germany invaded with 5 million troops. The Swiss ambassador calmly replied "Everyone would shoot five times and go home..." Germany rethought it's plans...
What if somebody would partialy hit the top of protection wall and bullet will change trajectory?
4:43 try this in Arizona or Texas
Gee it’s like if you respect the responsibility of having a firearm (like a car or a knife or anything else) you stay safe. Meanwhile liberal Alec Baldwin killed someone and injured another on a set because they do not respect firearms and don’t take it seriously. That valuable lesson was learned the hard way.
I think an important detail here was missed; Swiss can take the weapon home but not the ammunition, that stays at the shooting ranges. Before this rule there were problems with shootings. In the US you can buy ammunition in the supermarket, so very different!
So what I really want to know is. Did someone decide to put a gun range over a road, or did someone put a road though a gun range. Like sure this seems very safe, but why do it to begin with this feels like an avoidable problem.
Thats actually really stupid an irresponsible
Imagine someone peeking over the wall from the other side to see whats behind
Both the US and Switzerland have high gun owership. The Swiss crime/violence rate is low because they foster patriotism and unity. Here in the US, we tear down monuments and honor "diversity", tribalism and class warfare.
Next projects are shooting ranges above schools, daycares and amusement parks. Why make things easy, when they can be made difficult, right?
I love the part where the shooting club guy says: "Die Mikrophone messen den Druckchrkchch." I did expect nothing less from a Swiss. :D
This would definitely not work in the U.S.A.
let’s just say if someone were to peak over that wall because they were so curious and then bam, headshot
What if someone breaks down and decides to go and peak over the wall
What America SHOULD be
Funny how all these countries with strict gun laws and regulation don't have all those mass shootings America gets.. must be a coincidence.
What about double decker busses?
“You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore”
So they do have gun control. Good
Possibly the stupidest thing I've ever seen.
3:55 is HREE EGW **inhale** HRE GREWHW
Switzerland also has a population of only 8.4million people ya clown. Don’t compare apples to oranges.
What about a ricochet.? PS tell the instructor it’s pull, not push. LOLHAHAHAJLOL. 🤣🤣🤣
Kids thinking twice before choosing the top floor on a double decker bus now
That is why Switzerland is considered impregnable. Every farmer on the mountain pasture is a soldier with a rifle. The Swiss are considered tough mercenaries, even in the Middle Ages. Today they do everything to stay neutral, but do not underestimate them.
are they live targets too..
U.S. take notes!
You're right, you are not qualified. The simple fact that you try to compare Switzerland to America automatically disqualifies you. Not the same culture, population, etc. That is like comparing an apple to a basketball. Maybe speak about things you truly know about.
Цивилизованная страна.
there is a lot of places in america where high LEGAL ownership of guns result in low incidents
Very interesting!
Where’s Bloke and the Chap?! 🇬🇧 /🇨🇭
NICE!!😱but NO THANKS!!...I hv had enough of "shootings" while on service in Afghanistan!!😡😡ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!.. I feel much happier SERVING my colony of 27 "loyal fruuunnnds" (cats)!!👌👌
I’m sure it’s safe ! But seem unnecessary
This would never fly in the US.
Have you tested the wall with a SLAP round from a 50 cal?
Isn't there still a chance to hit people and cars if you shoot the top of the wall? If you hit the top and it ricochets, you A) lose projectile speed and/or B) change the flight characteristics of the projectile. If you have a tumbling ballistic, regardless of shape, that thing will go almost anywhere, including down toward the road. It seems the chance exists to for a bullet to enter the roadway, it's just improbable.
People think we have a gun problem in America..............  guns have been around forever and just now idiots are shooting up schools.   maybe its because the media makes celebs out of them.   We have a people problem, not a gun problem.
Shchuf mofin, de las nik’en, furnin ah desplaf, let me stop, I have no idea what I just wrote 😂
alright, got it. Never rob a house in Switzerland
I've been there on the road and saw the targets. Really weird shooting area!
I'm sorry,  but this is still a stupid idea. There is absolutely no reason to be shooting over cars. Weapons safety rule #1: never point your weapon at anything you do not intend to shoot. It doesn't matter that there is wall protecting the road, you're still breaking literally the most important weapons safety rule by just laying behind the gun
As soon as I saw the thumbnail I knew it's either not in the US or a clickbait.
This is what you call proper information of how and why thing go wrong. The human intentions cannot be foreseen only directed
Logic and common sense like this is something the people on the left don’t possess.
"If someone wants to cause harm with a gun, this is not how they do it, joining a rifle club, getting all the permits, just to misuse it"  This, right here, is THE argument against gun control in the US, very few will go through the hassle of getting a gun legally just to misuse it on purpose.
So you have to be an American to weigh in on the politics of gun ownership?
you HAVE to be shitting me :-s
Note to self, When on this Road, don't stand up out of the sunroof proclaiming to be King of the World like I am Leonardo Dicaprio
The best way not to stab a person is to not be holding a knife.
dissapointed nobody explained the worst case scenario
it’s very dangerous because we have a shooting range right next to our school and when I hear shooting it scares me so bad and I think I’ll get shot
Well, I just added an item to my bucket list.  That place looks awesome!!
people are SO surprised they haven't had an accident, when in reality, if you follow basic safety that 4 year olds can understand, you can have safe fun with firearms.
Ok. Since there I a wall that physically prevents access to the road. I would honestly like it better if it were designed so that even standing up but since you aren't allowed to fire in that manner there is no problem. Also, as they said in the video, it is a club so unless you join up using forged documents... But what would that accomplish?
Used to drive through there everyday for work
what if it ricochets off the top of the wall?
I don't care if there is no accidents yet, it only takes one time for an accident and a life loss. How stupid
Gun ownership doesn't create gun voilents. A culture of violence and chaos does. America celebrates killing the bad guys. Everyone is a bad guy to someone.
I need to move to Switzerland where people aren't terrified of water or salad guns like here in Canada. Sad....
In the USA,  you can reuse empty shells, trim them, purchase bullets, primers and powder in bulk.  You can then use a press to make your own rounds.  So?  *A round with not enough grains is a looming disaster.*
The Scando region of Europe literally shits on the rest of the world in many many ways..... such amazing people and ways of life.
Oh my gosh... If they tried to build one of these here in the States. The Democrats would literally have a brain hemorrhage over this!!😆😆
WhT about a misfire. A round that goes off underpowered so it won’t make it all the way to the target
But 30 cows have been killed
wish i could do this where we live, not everyone interested in guns is a gun nut :(
Nice to see Swiss are mature enough to handle firearms and a fellow Brit enjoying the joy of target shooting. Education wins again over gun phobia.
About the last part. There's probably someone unhinged enough. I mean in America, and I do understand that some Americans have questionable values and view on weaponry, a guy applied for a job at a super market, and made an effort to be promoted high enough to get clearances on all of it's sectors and after that, dude went on a shooting spree.
this is interesting
Those cows grazing below the range explain how swiss cheese got those holes in it.
Murphy's law though?
More people are injured playing golf each year than in all organized firearms events.
Switzerland: "Gun safety is compulsory. Many people have guns. Accidents are extremely uncommon."  America: "Legal requirements ensuring basic gun safety are un-constitutional OBSTACLES getting in the way of MY FREEDOM." [shoots thigh while trying to whip out his pistol like a cowboy]
In the US, you don't see any gun incidents in gun stores or shooting ranges. Predominately the "gun free zones" where people arent able to carry to defend themselves.
PSYCHO!
Nothing can get through that wall  Demolitioranch is typing...
Here in Rio de Janeiro we have things like this, we call this Favelas, you put one on each side of a road, and they try to hit one another.
America….We could never
All I remember is swiss rifles are very versatile and are designed for long distance due to the mountainous and hilly regions that require shooting from one side to the other.
I’m convinced the Swiss made that range as a giant troll job to the USA 🇺🇸 😂.
Why is it that people that do these reports on firearms are always the biggest dumbasses who have never shouldered a weapon in their lives
Anti gun nuts, take heed; the only problem gun owners are by a *LARGE* margin - untrained, unlicensed, illegal gun owners. I.e. criminals.
So not safe guys . Cmon
So my question would be if there might be a chance of someone getting shot when you hit the top of the wall so the bullet slips across. Very unlikely, but impossible?
They could very easily make a ceiling which prevents the shooter from standing up to see the road, yet they give people respect and allow them to do the right thing. There's a big difference between forcing people to do the right thing and allowing them to do the right thing.
Believe me if u look up on the screen every time after you take a shot u won’t get better hits
Guns don't kill people. People kill people
I have a bucket list number one visit Sweden’s gun range
Could a bullet not clip the very top of the wall and then ricochet down into traffic?
Remove all US shootings by non Whites, adjust for the population decrease, and the US has the same per capita stats as Switzerland.
Just not the road I will want to travel on, but…… That could be almost any road in Brooklyn.
Having seen this range on bloke on the range channel I would love to see this range also I always like watching Brits shoot guns
That is not safe 🤣 I don’t care what any meathead moron says
Glaring issue: Since the targets are not in an enclosed area any passerby or someone stopping on the side of the road can walk up the hill at an inopportune time and be shot.
america sweating rn watching this
What if the cars shoot back? 🤔
I want this in my city but without the wall
See simple...  firearms  trainging  solves all of this...  just a little discipline
“I’m British I’m not qualified to answer that”😂😂😂
Whomever decided to license this shooting range failed to consider trajectory of a single bullet that made swiss cheese out of JFK'S body. Because some bullets are simply - magical.
No politics, how many criminals in  Switzerland use firearms?  Also, the average citizen that owns firearm in the USA practices more than the average cop does.
Somehow I passed this shooting range countless of times (because I don't live far away from it) but never noticed how strange the whole thing is. Thanks tom
If the American's did this they'd use a fence.! Then wonder why motorists kept getting shot to death.
A lot of shooting ranges have had no "incidents," and when they finally do, there presumably won't be any totally unrelated humans driving through the middle of it. Here: there will be! This is a criminally stupid place to put a shooting range.
Maybe 2 years of compulsory service would be good for Americans
gun safety and EDUCATION is more valuable than any other legislation.
2.4 Million people own Fire Arms in Switzerland. I love this Country they can really make Superior Weapons. I have always loved the Swiss People that use to backpack around the US? I barely see them and they are so Kind. The US has Changed Dramatically.
There is no way shooting over a Highway is or could be safe.
I see Switzerland I upvote!
next time someone cries how only america has guns im dropping the swiss gun facts
It's like the apple on the head it works good until someone does something crazy, like does a jump.
So no one gonna mention the cows either? 😂
its nice to speak german and dont need to look at the subtitle :)
Look ma, I bought the world's tallest bus and driving down this Swiss road!
what is the distance to target there?  looks like 300 m.
Switzerland good not like united states
no accidents right that is until somebody put a trampoline on the other side of the wall and start jumping.
I just imagine a conversation anywhere else in the world: - Hey I wanna make a shooting yard over the highway - Wtf...are you completely nuts? Nooo way!! Forget it! I think you need help... 😂
I DONT THINK U CAN KEEP !100000 ROUNDS AT HOME !!!
I need electronic targets in my life
The swiss are the epitome of speak softly but carry a big stick
Switzerland having a high rate of people who own guns and a low rate of people hurt by guns is all we need to know. The left wants there to be chaos, restricting freedoms. It's no coincidence that the more gun control laws there are, the more violent crimes and crimes in general there are. Criminals will stop at nothing to obtain firearms and WILL bypass laws, no matter how hard it is.
Not unhinged enough to stand up and shoot at a road because they’ll lose their spot in the club?  Active shooters usually off themselves, so I don’t think they care about anything. If someone’s going to do it, rules aren’t going to help.
American needs to watch this video , god those people have no gun safety training whatsoever
There is still a chance a ricochet bullet could bounce into a car..
It looks dangerous, but really it isn't. The bullets cannot hit the cars, as if they were traveling in a trajectory that would allow them to hit the cars, they would hit the barrier before the road.
Logic doesn't work here in the US. VERY cool range!
The only way I can see a round hitting a car is if you get a weak load and the bullet drops..  Other than that.. I don't see a problem with it.
This range would NEVER be allowed in the USA. Liability insurance would not be issued to the range owner.
I thought for sure this was going to be anti-gun propaganda. But I'm pleased how it was presented and portrayed as just facts. Well done. Also nice shooting sir! 👍🇺🇸🐍💪
Agent 47 would go crazy here
If this were in the US, you would have not weekly, but daily accidents of idiots shooting at passing cars...
Key takeaway, arm your citizens and train and educate them.
The self awareness to not offer your Opinion on gun ownership is respectable
It’s perfectly legal to own and shoot a rifle in the UK. There are shooting ranges in the UK, and hunting is alive and well.
Cool idea, want to own a gun you must serve in the military for at least a year.
Shooting across a busy highway? Even Americans aren't that crazy!
Unlike the US where guns and people do NOT = safe 😠
If someone use a badly hand loaded underpowered cartridge (with too few powder) they will mostly obtain an under propulsed projectile having a curved enough trajectory to hit something or someone on this road.  This risk does exist and should not be ignored.
Dude is at a “professional” range and isn’t wearing eye protection
Close this done
Love the respect and intelligence for their firearms.
"No projectile can get through it, it's impossible"  Laughs in 50 cal.
Isn't there a ricochet risk
Perfect place to practice my 40mm
Quién pensó a leer el título que los autos frena van para que los tiradores disparen y luego continuaban su marcha?
Violence and crime are a reflection of the moral state of a society and its judicial system's lack of efficiency. A gun is just a tool. You take guns away and people will commit murder with a different tool.
Hey, Americans ….. whatch those !
This works because guns aren't bad, people are.
Your target is niumber Siebenth!!
Dumber than American Laws.
Who could've guessed that education is more effective than regulations?I'm super duper shocked.
A range like that would never ever be realized in Germany I'd say! I think this an example for that the swiss pin nailed, that legal gun ownership is not the problem.
I drove on this road many times. Never had to fix a window.
Uhhhh, no There are rocks on that hill, any ricochet could be dangerous for ppl if their cars are that close to the targets
Great post 👍🏻👍🏻
Regardless of rates, and respect to firearms, and the marksmanship of the average shooter there, this is still an insane idea. Even if it's safe with the road there, I can't help but think it would simply be better for everyone if that weren't the case? One mistake  could be disastrous.
The shooting rules in Switzerland are way too restrictive.   I’m glad to have less “range rules” where I live.
Why does Switzerland even have an Army? You will never hear a bad thing come from that place!
What about ricochets? That can happen
That range would be illegal in my state, shooting over a paved rooms is ILLEGAL. I  cant believe you are licensed just wow.
This here is the key to gun ownership.....An enforced education in such matters.  Guns themselves don't kill.  They're merely the tool that does the job, much like hammers put in nails.
As an American this flips me out, as far as I am aware over here it's illegal to fire over a road period and in my state you can't shoot within town or city limits or within 50 yards of a main road. So this place would be shut down over here funnily enough. Also it does worry me as bullets do some crazy things when they strike solid targets, I have personally had bits of copper jacket bounce straight back at me while shooting a still hanging target a good distance away. Lastly that wall... Sure may work for 5.56 or 7.62 but here in the US we have .50BMG and it's legal to own a 20mm cannon as well. Well it's legal to own cannons period here and tanks actually but only a loon would shoot a tank at a gun range.
There's likely more firearms in a single county in the south of the US, than owned by the entire population of Switzerland (what is there, 6 or 7 million people there?) 330 million vs 7 million..... apples to oranges on your comparisons
Lmao imagine just sniping people driving by
I've never heard of this specific place, but as a Swiss guy as soon as I read the title I knew it'd be in my country haha. We have a weird gun culture
The Swiss trust science/physic/gravity.
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
that's nuttz!
i wonder if a lifted pickup truck would peek over that wall
If someone has to use the service road that leads to the targets, do they radio in and wait for clearance?
What others worry about: "What if someone just stands up and shoots at the cars?" What I was worried about: What if some random hikers in the woods go too close to the targets? How is it marked off?
Some people are weird. As if they couldn't find safer 500 meters to build that shooting range.
No matter how safe this is, it still makes me uneasy.
Wtf🤯🤬😡🤨😵‍💫🥴
if you nick the wall the bullet most certainly careen into the road...insane
I don't like the place for firing bullets. It is dangerous. Someone can get hurt. Someone may get killed also. This place should be shut down by that countries government.
I don't know how I feel about that range.  I know one big hang up is we have laws in the States that forbid shooting over an active road unless you are above a certain elevation.  Not having an earthen bank or another wall as a final failsafe at the road is just begging for trouble.  I've used old ammo.  I know what happens when powder gets damp/wet or you get a bad primer or your barrel is fouled/obstructed/worn out.  There is always a chance a round could fail to reach max velocity but successfully clear that barrier.  Just because a round didn't strike a passing car doesn't mean a round didn't hit the asphalt when no cars were around.
oddly enough, this would never be allowed in the US. shooting across roads or highways is strictly banned
there is no real reason this needed to be over the road and you all know it
Meanwhile in France a hunter hunting hogs shoots towards a busy road and kills a person 'trying to kill the hog', more like 'i'm going to shoot towards the road to see if it hits a car'
I would worry about a bullet gracing the top of the wall. It could then take a crazy trajectory.
I'm neutral to the idea of living in Switzerland, the flag is a big plus though
MURICA!!!!!!
In USA, when you tease out a certain group's firearm homicide rate from another group's firearm homicide rate, intriguing patterns emerge.
Swiss German is too funny 🤣
That’s a dumb idea
There is a Kevlar looking, I'm sure reinforced, bullet catching, wall preventing firing low enough to hit traffic it is as simple as that.
Ha, would you look at that? The country with some of the loosest gun laws has the least gun deaths. Americans (and other  countries), look around you! Stop trying to ban guns, criminals will always find a way to commit crimes.
Um ok
Who cares about the cars, there are cows living there !
Must be loud for the cows
How do you check your score?
Look at that thick concrete wall, would be impossible even if one missed to hit a vehicle because of the angle a person is shooting at.
Just double down and paste your targets :)
"No projectile can get through it" Sir, I introduce the M1 Abram.
I mean it's cool and all but why not just build a little to the left or right of the location. Not having a only laying down shooting range that has bullets going over cars.
Absolutely great video! Just subscribed and looking forward to more!
years ago.. high schools in the state i grew up in offered gun safety classes.. People demanded they stop due to safety..
Look at how many people get hurt by guns in America outside of large democrat cities and its quite low.  It's the states and cities that 'hate' guns that have the highest rates of gun crime.
what if someone peepes there head above the fence
"I don't want to get into the politics of guns, I'm british".... shoots a few rounds has IMMENSE fun.
Ok but no one talking about the gorgeous landscape
You don’t know how lucky you are to handle that sig sg 550. They are extremely rare in the US. I’ve never seen one in person.
Another video showcasing a country that is better than America in every way. This time, guns.
Clearly the LOS is well over the highway, so you couldnt even shoot a car if you wanted to, the wall makes seeing them thus shooting at them impossible.
I'd be interested to see someone fire a low velocity .22 rifle there. By 150 yards it would be falling like a rock. Presumably they must have a minimum muzzle velocity and bullet weight on the range so that small calibres, that just won't reach the targets, don't just fall onto the road. I great idea though, and a pity the UK aren't so enlightened as the Swiss.
Trick of low gun violence - Train every gun owner like a soldier.....
They... Keep their firearms after leaving service? How does that work?
Interesting in a way, but not always going to be firing from a prone position. Seems like they could alter some heights there and have shooting from a variety of positions.
lets just hope they dont have double story buses like the UK
i was living in zug during the massacre in 2001.  that was a huge event by swiss standards and just a typical thursday for the u.s.
Deadly road to drive if you are a Giraffe in a convertible
American i hate politics but i love my aks my ars my g3 my mp5 and so on..we have more guns than people, but yet we rank around 30th for gun violence ....could be better ....could be a lot worse. good shot mate!!!! thats a kick ass range.
So there is no possibility of a bullet hitting the top of the concrete and deflecting down into the road? I like shooting guns but that range seems real sketchy. I would not feel safe in a car.
gun ownership also need to teach how to store firearms safely at home, some gun owners keep their pistols in their drawers or a simple locked cupboard for "easy reach" in case of emergency but its also in "easy reach" to children and they store the ammunition with the gun or worse,. they store the gun in a LOADED state, ready to fire.
There’s just no reason to do it this way
Switzerland is a perfect example why people are the problem, not guns when it comes to “gun control”. Let’s Go Brandon!
Now that is cool
You say that Switzerland has a high ratio of gun ownership to gun crime compared to America, but you failed to mention one very important factor that determines that outcome... Switzerland generally isn't full of Americans
The rate of accidental shootings in the US aren't exactly astronomically high either. Believe it or not, amazingly, the vast, vast majority of firearm deaths in the US are committed by criminals in urban areas. Training may help prevent accidental shootings, but won't make a dent on the majority of shootings in places like the US and Sweden. What could be the commonality between countries with high rates of gun violence, HMMMM.....
when people militarizes the police you get UNITED STATES OF A
ahhhh I cant believe you were here last month, i would love to meet you.  I live in Siebnen, v close to Zurich.
There’s more right to own a firearm than to drive a car. Owning a firearm is a right. Driving is a privilege
People who don't have guns believe professional training is needed. Try it out folks it's guns are not hard to operate or understand. (They are shooting over a busy road in a safe way btw)
Careful now, they don't like it when you talk about math and guns together.   Things start to make sense and they don't like that.
They could actually apply the same principle as the wall where they are prone but put something at head height to stop you seeing the road when standing.
The difference between Switzerland and the US is Swiss people are not allowed to carry guns, only to own them. Also we are very wealthy compared to other countries, so violent crime is very low...
Also: Starting at 15 you are allowed to join the "Jungschützenkurs" where you receive the propper training and shoot at ranges like these.
Could you not hit the top of the wall and then have the bullet spin in a way that allows it to curve downward?
1:10 only obligatory for men? Seems kind of sexist. Where are the feminists with equal rights and treatment now?
Evil America in a Nutshell:
Guns Dont Kill People. Alec Baldwin Kills People.
1:31:1 MEEAATT CLEAVAGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I like the little walk for pedestriants there under targets
Silly
This wouldn't work well in America
I was going to start a double decker tour bus business there but they said no
Yes
What language is the president of the club speaking?
There is one in Engelberg too. You fire over the heads of people walking.
The civilian service is not an option you can choose! You go there when you cant do military service!
murphy's law to the test
Start:  "I don't know how you feel about guns, we're going to take a look...." End:   "Oh Wow!!! a 10!!!  This is awesome!!!"
Let's see a close up of the reinforced concrete wall, and how many pock marks it has from rounds impacting it.
WTA??  I'm British.  Every country should have it's own version of "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."
The only way it *might* is if you fired straight up into the air... but then you're just as likely to hit yourself depending on the wind.
Fixed lines and limits. Easy. Good range!
I wonder if they have a height warning on the road because it looks like oversize loads could potentially be in the path of a bullet.
guns dont kill people
Are you allowed to use a firearm to defend yourself in Switzerland. Google does not have a clear answer
To be perfectly clear, in America or Switzerland, having a range that shoots over a road is a bad idea.
As an American gun owner, I don't care what you say or how well trained you are, guns should never be pointed in the general direction of a road.
Just goes to show how important truthful non biased education is
If that is their definition of safe, I'd hate to think what they would consider as dodgy or dangerous.
Hard no on this. In no way, shape, or form would I ever shoot over a busy road. Even if the construction of the road had dirt mounds over each side, and the highway was lower, embedded further into the ground, as opposed to the range you're shooting.
zug massacre
"im political but not political when i wont win the debate"
I learnt 'Walliser Deutch' in Switzerland, 5 years 60's - 70's Vosch as kilo weiss go larfar, The German speakers will look at you with a Blank face, are you alrifgt ?.
Everything is safe until an American enter this shooting range 😒
What if someone brings a 22 or shotgun slug and it drops into traffic
I guess no double decker busses in Switzerland ??
Ah yes, that’s the solution to the States’ problem. If all the criminals have the requisite discipline in firearm safety, they won’t accidentally or intentionally murder a school full of kids.  People kill, not guns.
Well - Switzerland is placed 6th in the category suicide by firearms - but otherwise (arms-usage for crimes/assaults/...) it's correct, that Swiss got a reasonable, let's say "firearms-relation".
But if the bullet touches the rim of the wall, in theory it could slow down enough to hit a car? It kind of seems like an accident waiting to happen after all.
Good for the Swiss, though id take American gun ownership any day of the week.
So you can shoot at immobile targets without VIP and moving targets for VIP. Understand.
Was this reuploaded? I swear I watched this months ago!?
A bunch of white people owning guns with very few people injured by guns.
No cows was harmed doing this shoot.
As an American, I greatly respect the Swiss, and I wish we got compared to them instead of countries that simply tell citizens that they cannot be trusted. The difference is a matter of cultures. If the US had a culture of training and discipline for literally every citizen, there'd be an abundance of safety instead of ignorance and fear. And if the Swiss had the US culture of crime, drugs, mental illness, and anti-gun ownership, their reputation on firearms would perhaps be darker.
Switzerland has high gun deaths when compared to other affluent European countries. Compare Switzerland's gun fatalities to Austria's their affluent alpine German speaking neighbours then the UK's. Work it out per capita in relation to numbers of guns in homes.  Culture is important  and may cause increased fatalities but there is also a direct relationship to guns in homes and gun deaths.  Switzerland proves this.  If the focus is on legally held guns and related fatalities then the evidence is even stronger.
Good for them, to bad they skipped out of the world wars, could done with all there experience !
Even cows know that everything is according to regulations.
What about ricochet?
An underpowered round could strike a car
Car shoots at range users from road. Then what? Range users: Now ve break ze rules - so you have chosen death.
Imagine some tourist family driving along the road in Switzerland one day and bullets start flying over their car and they have no idea
I been watching for years but only just realised I'm not subscribed
No the truth is swisspeople are decent educated people i they dont have scum like other country's.
i would imagine if a bullet just scraped top of the wall, that might change its trajectory as to still be able to hit traffic. obviously this isnt likely, id imagine theres only very rare instances where a shooter even hits the wall at all, let alone hitting it in very specific way. still, i dont think this should serve as an example for other ranges.
Imagine that shooting range in the US.. people over here in the EU are just different. love it
Guns are good. But this shooting range is not safe and this is obvious.
Do Swiss people speak German?
How did they rule out the unlikely, but not entire impossible scenario of a bullet just grazing the top of the wall enough so it starts to tumble and gets a downwards spin effect towards the road? To me this whole setup looks  like something you can do without an accident for 20 years and in year 21 something happens. In 80.000 rounds a year, there’s a lot of opportunity for even the unlikely stuff to happen.
Still don't really understand the hit detection system.
I'm not wanting to start a debate, but I've seen tracer rounds tumble after grazing a surface as in the top of that wall. When they tumble its part ricochet as it changes direction when it goes into a tumble. Whether its up, down or a sideways direction.
Y'know it's kind of suprising that military service would be compulsary in a neutral nation, unless it's for "defense"
Yee gads...the solution to "gun violence". Well trained LAW ABIDING citizens "allowed/permitted" to carry with OPEN and CONCEALED carry options. Heavy forbid.
Me seeing cows in the paddock: dinner
Training/Practice areas with high safety standards should be the place where guns are allowed for „normal people“.
With certain kind of ammo you could hit those cars from that shooting range but you’d need intent to do so. Of couse there is very small chance of normal ammo having just right kind manufacturing fault to cause that but it is very unlikely and you’d have to simultaneously aim wrong(or have sights wrong) by accident.
They usually put cheese in the targets.
There's a private range a little ways from me. It's outdoors, on the side of a mountain and right near a mall, and the glide path of a small airport goes over head. Total incidents ever: 0.
In America we have bullets that can get through the wall
Do the cows get spooked?
I got invited to this range when I was an active German Bundeswehr reservist. Shooting across the road was something I did not expect. It was a fun day though. Also the hidden bunkers in the mountains are a brilliant sight. If you visit Switzerland and are interested in military stuff you should visit one.
You can be sure the cars are safe, because we love cows, cheese and chocolate too much to put them at risk.
The last 20 seconds of this video felt more like a tv appeal for an unhinged person
Compare this to the majority of American youtube shooting videos, when they are just clowning around and shooting things to see what happens. A completely different culture.
Switzerland: the Dixie of Europe.
We can't film movies in the US without accidentally shooting each other.
Me: Wants to watch the video Youtube: Son, we're grabbing burgers for dinner. Uh, I'm vegan, Walter.
theres nothing more satisfying than shooting my fully loaded weapon at willing and alluring targets over various obstacles
no surprise a green woke brit doesn't like guns
🐸cool 🐸
I could've kept my assault rifle for just 100 francs, but what the hell am I supposed to do with it? I have muzzleloader pistols that are much more fun.
If I had to guess, making military mandatory for all men and not women would be one mighty efficient way of calming down modern feminists!
Nice, quiet neighborhood (;-) (:-(
Wtf why are they talking with a Dutch accent and words ?
The reason this works in Switzerland is that the culture is not based on paranoia and cowardice, like it is in America. Swiss people do not convince themselves that they are about to have their home invaded every night and the government rolling through their neighbourhoods in tanks haha...
I thought CH had some of those shooting ranges in the middle of towns also, going over the roofs of normal houses?
Me, looking at thumbnail: looks like Switzerland Video starts: VERRECKTE CHEIB!!
I do feel concerned that there is no dirt behind that concrete wall. But frankly, they seem sensible enough that if their risk analysis said they needed dirt they would have already put it there already.
Wash your hands really well after.  The lead will follow you home!
No (high) WAY!!!!! 🤣
"one or two accidents a year" I think that's ignoring all the accidental firearms incidents that happen at military trainin, because those are numerous, unsurprisingly unmotivated tired 18yo don't always have the best respect of gun safety.  Just my brother saw a recruit accidentally shoot the next guy in the foot with his handgun, and at the same unit there was a incident with mortar too a few years prior.
Same thing in Germany. You do not go through the trouble of legal gun ownership or even acquiring a hunting license if you wanna go out and kill people.
The Swiss are the only army where reservist keep their weapons at home. All Swiss men keep their weapons at home  ready incase of immediate call up and attend refresher courses every two years for a fortnight. Were this allowed elsewhere in Europe there would be blood baths everywhere.
I came away from this video much better informed!
But why
I have 4 Swiss rifles, all iron sights. What a treat it would be to take them to that range.
Looks like a blast!
POV: You live about 15km from there
2:38 What if an inoperative (e.g. wet) cartridge happens to have a very low blast force and the projectile, instead of hitting the target, starts to fall earlier and hit the road? Shouldn't the same wall be there along the road?
freak/unexplained accidents do happen. Setup is asking for that, I think larger vehicles or wind could be a factor. Nature likes to disprove "it's impossible".
I am wondering about the rifles maintenance... I think that the only way to hit the road from that position would be if rifles or bullets are damaged, and they fire at a lower speed which makes it possible to complete the parabolic trajectory and touch the ground in the middle
eh lug itze, dasch ja im simmental
Every American who owns a firearm should definitely seek some professional training with said firearm. Training should not be a requirement for your God-given right, but you really aren't doing yourself any favors if you don't learn how to use the tool that you are depending on to protect your life or someone else's life.
I just feel I need to say this "Switzerland has a very high rate of people who own guns, and a very low rate of people who get hurt by guns." American government: definitely the guns fault
I’m not suprised that there’s cows on the range and it’s over a highway.. I’m more suprised how they only have 12 targets
As a person living in Switzerland, I know that every single person in the police has a gun, but I didnt think there were that many firearms (my cabin in the mountains is next to a shooting range...)
Are there warning signs on the road about the range?  No doubt they still hear the bullets flying over them and have to wonder what in the world was that!
This would never fly in the USA.
I'm not interested in the Swiss German language being used than the gun culture
I support private gun ownership but this shooting range seems a bit crazy. Yes I understand the science behind it but it still seems crazy to me
Hey! I grew up in Brunnlisau! Live in Montana for 30 years; I used to ride my horse along that road, it used to be a lonely highway;  but opening of the EU increased traffic drastically.when the Waffenverein opened the range, people were hoping it would keep tourists off the rod. 😂😂😂
Wish we could have training requirements like that in the USA, but unfortunately we can't. The anti-gun nutters have already proven that they would abuse their authority and use it as a tool to effectively restrict firearms from nearly everyone.
Don't like the subtle dig on Americans
This would never fly in America
If you fired a 12GA slug or similar trajectory, I get the feeling that it could potentially hit the road.
The moment when you are swiss and suddendly this video is in switzerland with a guy that talks in a swiss german accent. I was not ready for that xD
There's a similar setup on the way up to Davos. It's in a steep canyon and the roadway/railroad are quite a ways down below the range.
Imagine driving and you start hearing gun shots above you
Theione specific phrase I heard... "Thoroughly trained".  (ie, 'well regulated')
Certainly interesting. It obviously works. Though if a round were to ricochet off the top of the wall and tumble into a car. But there seems to be quite a distance so I doubt it would make it far enough with all the lost velocity.
I believe Sweden is very similar to Switzerland when it comes to gun ownership.
Likely, mental health of each individual there is in order.
So, in a nutshell, guns are safe and walls work. Thank you.
Absolutely ignorance!!!
They could put some kind of bulletproof glass in the windows, with just a hole big enough to shoot from straight forward when lying down. Then there wouldn't even be a theoretical option to shoot at anything except the target.
does the instructor remind anyone else of will mellor?
"What if someone stood up and decided to shoot?"  Ok, but...  What if one of those cars decided to run someone over?
Couldn't the range been placed somewhere else? Or was the whole "shooting over a busy road" supposed to be some kind of gimmick?
I love all of your videos, Scott. "Unhinged" perfect 😂🤣🤣!
meanwhile in the US:  *casually selling a 50 cal to a 60 year old veteran with ptsd*
Bad ass rifle too
Okay, but still WHY?  What would be the advantage of this layout vs one that doesn't fire over a road?  I guess they get to use a little strip of what would normally be dead space at a range, but that still seems like weak justification.
Switzerland also has a very low rate of "people of african descent"
America take notes 🤓
A great example of why common knowledge of gun safety keeps people safe from guns
I get it’s safe from vehicles but why even go down that road, you couldn’t of found a better spot?
That’s what we need here in the USA 🇺🇸 is gun safety ingrained in our children from K-12
I knew it was in Switzerland I drive on that road sometimes
Ahh... Responsible gun ownership with adequate training...
ah ja mou, gäbigi reportage, chli weniger züri wär no gued aber susch
I can't understand how this is possible
I bet Alec Baldwin designed that one
Nice to see a Nation who has a high number of firearms pre household do it safety. Here in the US the main problem is way to many untrained people. When I go to my local range (which I do once a month) I see it every time people think they know what there doing but have know idea what there doing.
Thank you for another perfect video showing our sometimes odd and unique country.
America 100
I know guns can be safe. You need a licence for a pistol or anything small in Austria and probably also switzerland, but rifles are easy. Why? Because who ever could hide a rifle under his jacket or in his pocket. No one. That is why it's safe, and pistols need to have hasher rules. That's my take, and that's why there are so many accident's in the US, everyone could be carying a pistol or revolver of some sort and shoot me out of nowhere😕
I like it, solid training with no excuses. That's the only way to go. And yes, if you use a firearm irresponsibly around military or law enforcement personnel you will quickly find out it's a bad idea.
ok this is epic
FN-FAL Rifle?
Meanwhile there were countless times the Bigfoot hunters nearly killed completely innocent people  Stupidity is deadly   Look at America
Whenever I bring up arms rights in Germany, people tell me to look at the US. But how about they look to Switzerland? Gun ownership isn't the problem.
Yeh but why?
The thumbnail looks like that scary car commercial
“It’s impossible to hit the road”  *notices the road DIRECTLY below the targets*
No eye protection?? Hope you don’t get a torn retina
This video just had an article made off it on a Finnish news website.
ueee wer chan alles schweitzerdütsch?
I wonder if demographics plays any part in their gun violence rates...HMMMMMMM
Needs more diversity
Switzerland has a high minimum wage, socialized medical system and good social safety nets. people in distress can get all the help they need, be it monetary or psychological. that's why they don't have any kind of violence. gun, knife, fist or any other kind. in regards to Switzerland having 2.4 million registered firearms, that's child's play. i think my neighborhood in Pennsylvania has more than that. Switzerland has 8.7 million people to their 2.4 million guns. US has around 400 million guns in rotation, that the government knows of. i know people who brag about having guns that no one knows about. guns that were made at home from fabricated and spare parts. US has a lot more civilian owned guns than people. US has 4% of the population and about half of the world's civilian owns guns. and again, those are the guns the government knows about. a lot of those guns are in the hands of people who aren't trained and have psychological issues that they can't afford to treat.
why tho
Good standard of living + mandatory military service + small population of similar people with traditions = why Switzerland has lots of guns and low gun violence.
I am Dutch and i understand every word this Swiss guy said is this even German or is this something else
I live in Switzerland, there is a similar shooting range where I live too, it is located on Monte Verità in Ascona, you shoot over a road, but it is safe as the shooting range is raised above the road
They should add one more wall
What about a clown car with 18 clowns stacked so high they reach above the wall? What then, Switzerland?
Guess Alec baldwin won't be qualified for membership
This is the stupidest thing i have ever seen. Period
I dont understand. Wtf is the meaning of this?just because we can shoot cross the  road we shoot?this is just so stupid that i dont have words for this. Just move the the range direction and this stupid thing exsist no more. This is so stupid
This is good
Damocles' shooting range...
Lack of "Cultural Diversity" plays into the low gun violence.
Food for algorithm ;-)
But why tho?
Stupid setup. Guy sights in with a bad batch of underpowered ammo, creating too much holdover. Then gets a really bad cartridge that's just enough to arc over the wall. Hits car that's traveling at 55mph toward him. Dead motorist. I've had a .380 squib leave the lead in the barrel, but was enough to cycle the next round in. Could've killed me and I only go to the range about once every 2 years. Bad ammo happens......often. Stay on point, shooters.
This gives “Drive By” a whole different meaning
The swiss seem to have their own world over there definitly a place i wanna visit at least once in my life!
Aaah Aaah AAAAAAAAAHCHIUUUUUUUU! ''Bam!''  Oh shii i hit a guy.
Yea.
Ok this is sick!
Even in the USA its illegal to shoot across any road. Even tho they made a safety wall they couldn't get around the law.
The problem with gun violence in America is the media. The media made gun violence profitable.
If a bullet hits the stone wall at the very top, because of gun failure or what ever, the bullets could definitely harm people on the road.
Hey ! Swiss guy here, I can confirm civilians have a lot of weapons here but they do NOT use them. 99% keep their firearm after the military as a souvenir and it sits all of their life in a closet in a safe case or something.
Lovely
Might move to Switzerland
Ok, it's safe. But why? Why there out of all the places? Why should unsuspecting drivers and passengers hear gunshots over their heads?
Want a close inspection of the wall. Are there any divots?
This assault rifle is considered very low recoil by the way
It's almost like they have typical responsible gun owners protecting thier nation enjoying the love of the culture and sport with thier family just like in America. I doubt thier powers that be let in millions of aliens and weaponize taliban and cartels. I might have to move there because noones draining the swamp. SUPPORT CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS!!
Here in America they would argue that safety and not just handing out morons guns just for giggles would impede on their "freedoms".
Do you see? Guns aren't the problem, the people are.
What happens, if you hit the edge of the wall?
Very good and object reporting by a real journalist... something we don't see very often in America.
I guess you are not allowed to fire mortars there…
They've got range safety down pat. Rule 1: The range officer is God and if you are out of line they will smite you. There are no other rules.
The people driving the cars are safe because they are vaccinated
What about the bird?
The reason why this works so well in Switzerland but wouldn't in the U.S. is because the U.S. has a high rate of stupidity, but Switzerland doesn't. You wouldn't trust children with sharp objects. I don't see how this is any different.
That's just dumb. Well we could have a daycare on a highway shoulder? but should we.....
Well done Tom. Thank you for your content
Meanwhile, Alec Baldwin gets to wave a loaded pistol around a movie set and point it at people with zero firearms training...
American conservatives: Idolize Switzerland where everyone rigidly obeys the government.  Also American conservatives: Never obey the government.
Nope nope nope. Safe does not equal foolproof. I would not trust driving that road while that place was open.
Gun violence is less about guns and more about poverty, systemic racism, and domestic terrorism.
I have a gun that could hit the road
No wonder. Rothschild's lives there. It's for random sacrifices on special dates.
"you very rapidly, will not be holding a rifle anymore"  Never gotten goosebumps from Tom...
Well you might not be qualified because you're one of the 99% of the population with no knowledge of guns in the UK, as there really is no gun culture, only sport, hunting, and pest control.  Suffice to say, gun ranges have been closed here due to the General Public illegally encroaching on the backstops of ranges, and the very real nimby attitude towards anything not understood in any depth.
it's all down to demographics
I love Poland 😍
Good guess that Alec Baldwin won’t be allowed to shoot there.
This is the way all shooting ranges should be set up.
Aka we train and people don't kill themselves or hurt others by accident.
This is illegal in the u.s.
So you're William Tell-ing a road.
I don't understand the "no possible trajectory" part. What if you shoot straight up? What if you hit the target and something comes back? What if you have a low power gun? I feel like there are trajectories.
My guns have killed 100% less people than prominent anti-gun actors..
Far right American reactionaries who rely on peddling fear and hatred: "well how am I supposed to spin this?"
I live 30 mim away 😂
Switzerland is white.
What if the bullet ricochets off the top of the wall and loses most of its momentum but not all, or it’s trajectory goes nearly straight up and then comes nearly straight down
Otterburn live firing range fire the big guns over the top of the A68 into the range.
I love how everyone is talking about the cars but no one is commenting in the entire cattle farm pasture right before that. Just has a bunch of cows Vibing right below a shooting range. Oddly serene.
Not to mention the cows :)
"Okay Timmy, if you keep talking, how about you stand on top of the car?"
It's the closest Tom came to clickbait.
You can immediately tell from the photo there was never a danger to any cara
Both videos this and vaping on my youtube Page same time and I dont even know who this guy is
I'm curious - I'm confident that there are many thousands of registered gun owners in Switzerland who have physical difficulty, for example, in being able to lay prone.  Is there accomodation made for their continued enjoyment of this sport?  I'm sure there is, but still wondering.
Gun rights should be mandatory for all free citizens of the world
But how? Guns are supposed to be evil? I don't get it.
That's the problem with the 2A, it lets Americans OWN and USE firearms but there is absolutely nothing about training being a requirement which makes the 2A A partially dumb amendment, and deserves to be laughed at.
He's suspiciousy good at aiming that rifle
I thought that us Americans are crazy, welcome to Switzerland.
save yourself, MSG
Fun fact. I TRAVEL VERY OFTEN NEXT TO THAT PLACE.
We could use some ranges like this in the states.
Funny and stuff until a projectile scuffs the wall on the upper side getting slowed down and deflected enough so that it will hit a car, can’t do much about physics
Firearm safety: *exists* US citizens: "I'm gonna pretend I didn't see that."
Is my noobtube gonna be a problem there?
Smart
Thank god they don't have a outdoor trampoline park near by.
Chocolate, watches, guns and Nazi Gold.
Damn the Swiss accent is so much harder to follow than regular hochdeutch
Not sure what the point of the video is? All gun ranges are like this.  Edit: clarification. For the record i dont mean shooting over highways. I mean in terms of whos going to be around, having saftey rules, being disarmed quickly if breaking them etc.
so i live in switzerland its super common to see some kind of ranges and their built so tht you cant actually shoot the cars it isnt possible and their training for defense not attack its very common for switzerland tht the older ppl have guns but their must must must be in a safe and you must have a license for it
Switzer guy:"In one year we have around two incidents" Alec Baldwin:...
This is the model that could be British - that is the point. When Big Gov't takes away your ability to defend yourself, that is oppression.
"Honey, grab the bulletproof vests. We're going on a roadtrip!"
There's a reason America has the gun violence it does and it rhymes with smack deeple
That’s smart.   The difference between gun violence and gun ownership is TRAINING AND RESPONSIBILITY!
Note: If you point a gun at someone with friendly fire on, the bullet will befriend the police and you will not very rapidly not be holding your rifle anymore!
This language is Dutch, German and English together.
If that were USA it would be closed from people shooting at cars in no time!
My question is WHY did they build it over a road? Is land that scarce there?
its impossible to shoot below targets because there is a wall, is everyone here blind or something?
The strictness for safety actually reminds me of shooting at the range when my unit in the U.S. army go to qualify on our weapons systems. It's taken very seriously.
Hunter’s Safety was a course they offered in public schools here in the states 🇺🇸  It taught ethics as well as gun safety…. Now they don’t.
Cool video, I really enjoyed the explanation of the target scoring system. Very innovative. If only we could get those SG550 rifles in the US. :-(
“There are two point our million guns registered across Switzerland.” That wouldn’t be enough to stop an American county.
Tom’s commentary has so many low key political jabs at U.S. gun laws
That's crazy that you can see the cars in the standing position... You would think they would have more of a buffer built in, like you would have to be on the roof to see cars
I've never heard German Swiss, it was interesting
This is a great case for the NRA. Thank you!
An American shows up with a Barrett 50 cal, let's test the concrete.
Idiots !!!!
Wish Alec Baldwin had some basic training
What is the racial demographic makeup of Switzerland?
The road has defilade
I find this hilarious
Is it owned by Alec Baldwin?
Damn ur a good shot
It's not so much that it's impossible but rather an exteremly low likelyhood of clearing the concrete berm and slow enough to hit an oncoming car. It probably wouldn't kill anyone unless it hit them in the eye, but it's still possible. Not all ammunition is perfect and every once in a while you'll get a bad round that will exit the barrel at subsonic speeds.  My guess is if a bullet were to hit the road it'd likely be going less than a few hundred feet per second.
Alec Baldwin must have missed this course ;)
but just why they built it there? why not build it in another place where there is nobody to you to harm when you shoot?
I had no idea Swiss German sounded so Dutch
To me the best part is the adherence to sound evidence-based engineering to ensure safety instead of how it "feels." Too often safety is left to those who 'feel' something is unsafe and come up with crazy out of this world possibilities that 'might' happen. The reality is when we base our safety on good science, it will be safe. When we base it on politics and feelings, who knows.
I wonder if this could ever work in america?...naah.
Impossible huh? How about 50 cal
But is there a vehicle height limit on the road? What if a tall bus/lorry comes by, although double deckers are probably not so common there, but still its a public road...
Let’s hope Americans don’t see this video
They ban motorsport and shooting over busy road is safe okay
Why say it is 2hrs from Zürich when it’s 30mins from Bern (the capital of Switzerland) or 10 from Thun/Interlaken?
To further improve safety, while people are shooting the range never allow more than one toddler at a time to run in front of the targets.
Just like the now permanently closed shooting range in my area where idiots used to wave loaded guns next your bay.
I wonder where the US would be if we kept criminals locked up or removed gang shootings from the statistics
The biggest liability in the world
im so happy because in learning german and i could understand a few words when this guy was talking i wanna cry u.u
It only takes one idiot to ruin it for everyone
Legal gun owners in the states aren't the problem.
Question… couldn't the shooting platform and the wall be raised high enough to eliminate even the possibility of standing and hitting a vehicle?
i live in the canton of bern and this place isn't too far from me
they also don’t have an opioid epidemic and psychos lmao
i can tell you that not everyone in switzerland abides their 'propper' training xD Met this one dude who walks around in his undies, with a loaded Deagle 44 in one hand and Mein kampf in the other.
Max height 15ft by penalty of death
Swiss guy: We've never had an incident here. American: Hold my beer.
Almost like something other than gun ownership is the main cause for gun violence... Anyway, this is not the right place, as you quite rightly pointed out for gun politics.
Love how people are so afraid of guns
wow, that wouldn't be allowed in the usa
Switzerland is awesome
It's like a marine shooting range but with civilians.
my conclusion: education makes it save to own a gun.
What is more Swiss than a shooting range below giant mountains with a cow pasture that’s next to a highway and no one gets hurt
Very nice range, would love to shoot there at least once in my life time. HOOAH!!!
LindyBeige has done a video on this
Driving on that highway would be absolutely terrifying.
2.4 million is some rookie numbers.
Armed society is polite society
That mountain view just straight up pisses me off compared to my range! Haha
So. It's all about accepting and granting responsibilities and accountability. The opposite of the left who will always assume the worst and take away all responsibility and accountability. Is it really that simple?
Well that’s it! The left is gonna cancel Switzerland now! They had a good run.
In Tromsø the shooting range had a trail where people could walk right behind the 200m targets. There was signs warning people not to go there but some ignored it and we had to stop shooting because they was running past right in the line of fire...
Why not just buy a bigger tract of land that would allow for shooting or use blanks?
the right way to do gun control ... military level training for all who want to own a gun ... yep learn the right way and guns are safe ... learn the american way and you get piss poor performance ...
Guns are safe if they are handled by responsible and trained people? who would've though
Guns are amazing.   Come to the USA, we love our guns.
The wall also function to remove people nervousness. When shooting at a target practice and you're visually aware of people passing by even if you know it will not hit them, you're still nervous. Also applyable to drivers so they don't see people shooting
When I saw the thumbnail, I thought Golfing Range. And immediately thought I shouldn't ever go there.
ofc this is in europe
damn
This is awesome!  In the US, some jackass would figure out how to screw this up on day one.
I guess theres no corealis effect to speak of? I knew it!
There are plenty of legally owned firearms in Britain. Similar licencing system to the Swiss.
Hopp Schwiiz!! 🇨🇭
Gun ownership isn’t about polluted and opportunistic politicized emotional manipulation. It’s about the natural right of self-defense and survival.
Shouldn't be any guns in domestic ownership. There is no empirical evidence to support ownership. Remove the root cause of the problem.
I want to move to Switzerland so bad.
Except for their speed limit, switzerland is just the better germany in every single way.
“And it’s safe” it is till it’s not. That’s not safe it will happen just a matter of when. There was no where else to put it, you had to fire over a highway. Next level you fire over a preschool and a children’s hospital
Who thought this up, keep your head down when driving on this road🤪
Very very interesting, gun safety is one of the most important things to me because of what they can do in the wrong hands. Amazing country with great culture.
I wonder if you can throw granades there
Go away
interesting video :-)  Though at the beginning.. the disclaimer of you supposedly not being qualified.. is a bit of a flawed argument; it states that you can't have a valid say in something happening somewhere other than your own country or society you're part of. If we would all think like that, rules regulations regarding human rights that aren't upheld in countries.. would be given the green light.. because who are we to say something about that right? I think that kind of reasoning is counterproductive to separate right from wrong and make others realize how to do so as well.  Just my 2 cents :-)
welcome to Switzerland :D
Weird flex: I know what he's saying without the need for subtitles ;)
I wonder if they would let me site in my 45-70 subsonic 500 grain buffalo gun at this range?
Just because they know how to use guns, it doesnt make them safer, it just allows them to not miss the target 😂. It makes them even more dangerous if theyre in a bad mood
bruh cool
I want one.
Even kids are allowed to train on similar  shooting ranges in switzerland
I wonder if Americans are allowed in this range
That swiss accent looks so much like Dutch I didnt even need the subs
Hey that's the shooting range i shoot at 😅 Switzerland near Wimmis My grandma even worked there
DONT DO IT
I’m sure it’s safe, nevertheless guns are made for killing people. And even if you argue that you are only shooting at targets, that’s stupid and senseless as well. Grow up, get a real hobby, you’re wasting your life.
Ridiculous, looks like a horrible place to shoot
No double decker bus parking.
What if a traveling circus comes by and there’s a truck carrying a giraffe?
The fun part is that the Swiss Person tries to speak high german not swiss german.
More fun violence here in America because there’s an ego problem and a lack of self control. On top of the fact that social cohesion is dropping.
This right here is proof guns can be safe and America is just plain violent
For the record, that is unsafe.  Also, as for formal government training in firearms use, almost every shooting sport I have participated in had a handicap division known as "LEO/Military".
With freedom comes responsibility, and consequences.
0:40 - Which language is this?
For anyone who thinks the bullets overhead are a danger, remember the car speeding right by you.
I get it's for the passing bystander's safety but a prone-position-only gun range seems inconvenient and even a little boring.
When someone holds a gun in their hands with the purpose of using it, they don't suddenly turn criminal because they have a projectile throwing device. Get over it.
A still think it's crazy to have a range there accident waiting to happen if u ask me what's the point in taking that sort of chance
The reason there are so few gun incidents in Switzerland is not the culture or following safety rules, its because majority of those people holding guns at home - military, are not allowed to possess any ammunition. They used to have it, and there used to be many more people hurt or killed by guns. Obviously they are not allowed to walk with those guns either. Only people with license can, as in most European countries. Looking at the numbers only tells you just part of the story.
I mean it’s genius, if your home intruder is 200 yards away across a major highway you’re already trained for this situation
"The wall is 30Cm thick and nothing can get though it"  Russian tank: *Are you sure about that?*
So, this unhingedness is a US thing.
"An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life." - Robert Heinlein
but why
Let’s go Swiss!!!! Hell yea
When I was in the army in Munster an der Örtze there for basic training I was told that there was an artillery range in Munster Training Area on the Lüneburg Heath  where the artillery was shelling targets across a nearby village. I wonder if that was true or just a fairy tale.
I'm more intrigued by the fact that there are no fences alongside the road so those cows could just wander onto the road at any time. That would be more of a safety risk than the guns!
Switzerland also has a very very little population and mostly vets who own guns but then again the Swiss aren’t really known for its military add 150-300 million people and there’s gonna be alotta deaths and other factors too but all in all there’s levels to this and it’s quite complicated.
Smh no wonder some places are known to be dummer then most out the US that's just freaking stupid to be shooting towards traffic like that shht like that won't slide in the US lmao 😂
This shows that the problem are not guns or gun ownership. If you want to kill people you can do it with a gun, a car, a kitchen knife, a rope etc. You dont see cars or kitche knifes barred.
The fact that the cows are just chillin there next to a busy road and a shooting range
You can correct and argue with me on this, but keep it civil please. But I believe that the line of thinking "owning guns is a right" versus "owning guns is a privilege" makes a whole lot of difference on how people treat guns in general.
A bit of wall hack and bit of 50bmg can do a lot of damage.
Idc if there’s never been any incidents here this is simply a terrible idea - from American
Is Switzerland so small they need to shoot over a road?
There are 8.6 million people in Switzerland. Very few accidents indeed. The US has half a billion guns and 335 million people. It's all about angles. You couldn't hit those cars if you wanted to......
I guess my only question would be why? why risk it?
It's weird how firearm ownership is considered high in Switzerland but civilian ownership is higher in Canada, Norway, Malta, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Liechtenstein, and barely above New Zealand. Firearm ownership is much lower in Switzerland (27.6 per 100) than in the US (120.5 per 100). The truth is, the problem is more likely that it is *too easy* to get a firearm in the US.
I can smell these images ;)
Whoa that is not a good idea 😬
Now I’ve seen everything...😕
So could it be possible that at just the right angle, a bullet could skim off the wall, lose velocity and dip into the traffic.
Alec Baldwin.
This vs California in recent years is sad. We’ve had quite a bit of highway-snipers… not the nice, law biding kind 🙂
"Is that my ex-girlfriend's car?"  *Proceeds to stand up*
I'm 100% sure that a bullet can deflect off a tree and hit some one on the road based on watching tracers. If you infact used tracers you would be horrified at the deflections I guarantee
Gee. Wonder why.  And here in America the overwhelming gun deaths each year are from two certain groups. I’ll give you a hint.  It’s a statistic that you tube or any left wing establishment won’t allow me to say. Let’s just say here in America the less “ diverse “ the more safe you are. :)
Gun👍
thats no good for americans they cant lay down on their stomachs . ive never seen americans fire rifles in the prone position , they have to sit at tables with chairs .
I think gun ownership should be like car ownership where you have to learn how to properly and safely use a firearm then take a test. That way we don't take away gun rights (which are there for a reason) while also making it safer.
This seems stupid anyway you put it, no trajectory? I’m sure Alec Baldwin thought that too.
2.3 million fire arms you say? lolz (laughs in American)
That's cool and all but being a right in America, you dont have to have all the training.
America has a high gun death because democrats "who think we shouldn't own guns" keep killing each other.
Of course it's safe, theres a wall protecting the cars, how many times has the wall gotten hit? Probably few but thats why it's there
I could swear that I've seen this video before 🤔
Wut? I've seen this video years ago. What the hell?
I guess they've never encountered an incorrectly loaded round? they can end up going downrange with a fraction of intended velocity
great video. back here in the uk you can not fly a drone over a road :D keep up the good work chap. love all the vids i have seen from you so far
But what if a bullet skims right off the top of the wall, loosing enough velocity to fall down into the road?
just close the window make the them smaller from top down, then no one can stand up and shot.
Somewhere in America…     *The shooting range where you fire into a school.*
Refreshing to see occasional pockets of raw sanity in the world
1:20 so that’s why swiss cheese has a lot of holes
I sure there someone out there thinking hold my beer.
As soon as I read the title, I said this has to be in Europe some where.
While in 'murica pilots frequently find bullet holes on their airplanes.
What could happen?
Check that grin, this isn't supposed to be fun. I always enjoy shooting my rifle.
I don't know why but I thought the wall was just like Hessian netting or something until they mentioned the reinforced concrete. I felt like a real moron when I realised no that would be a fuckin stupid idea.
99% of gun violence in America is from inner cities and gangs. Gun violence really isn't common in the areas that are pro gun
Swiss gun onership has nothing to do with better laws it has to do with WHO owns the guns. Look at USA prison and see who is in for violent  crime.  Why just look at London and how it's crime rate is now higher then New Yorks !  Demographics is the major factor.
Today on demolition ranch, can a 30cm cement wall stop a 50 cal
What if someone is curious (a tourrist or something) and peek over that wall?
As a firearms enthusiast I think there’s a lot America could learn from how Switzerland handles firearms. Then again that’d probably never happen cause most people here are either “muh freedum” or “guns bad”.
As an American, I approve.
This is dumb, what if a bullet doesn't get enough velocity and drops onto a car. This is just a plain stupid idea and then how do you change your target
Come to America, Swiss brethren, and enjoy the freedom to carry in peace. Just pick the right state.
Dumbass thought iron sights magnify
Alec Baldwin: Hold my Negroni
We have the same thing in USA somewhere. My pop’s shot there.
I do have to wonder if people really think that all Americans are like the people on "gun fail" videos that just go and torch off rounds in unsafe directions and don't practice any practical skills. because the reality is that most of us actually feel the same way about safety and training. just because we don't want our firearms registered doesn't mean we are all wack-jobs with no training. I do wish that every person would be required to take a hunter's safety or firearm safety course regardless.
In america we have these joggers who come out and shoot up the ceiling and floors on our ranges while they film themselves shouting "We out here!!!"  Without them maybe this would work in America.
I would have never guessed you weren’t exactly a gun guy,,,,:)
Het öpper e Schwizer komi gseh?? 🇨🇭✌🏼
Algorithm boost! 🇺🇸  Haven’t watched the video yet but I appreciate all firearm enthusiasts.
I’m guessing someone like Alec Baldwin would never get near this place then…😏.
Buy why? Why not have a shooting range that doesn't go over a road. This is safe if nothing goes wrong, but you'd be safer yet with a normal gun range.
This is such a cool design. Not sure how well it would work in the US simply because a lot of ranges are setup indoors or in large open fields, but the target tracking system is very cool and helpful.
Bring this exact gun range design to America, I dare you. There will be fatalities in days.
Now I get that the rounds won’t hit traffic, but what I don’t get is why they went through the effort of placing a range in such a place.. you could’ve gone somewhere else, but you just had to be extra haha
“I’m British, I’m not qualified.”
It was interesting to hear the difference in verbage too. Like in the US when we go to a range we go "shooting". The instructor at this gun range only ever used the word "training" when in reference to guns. Just goes to show how different the mindset is about guns
dam I didn't know Switzerland sounded like german,dutch,english having a party together.
I mean I’d still never drive down there if you paid me.
"I don't want to get into the politics of firearms" but I'm going to make little quips throughout my video
Fun fact, fully automatic rifles are a class 4 firearm in Switzerland. This means it is a forbidden weapon. However as a civilian you can do some simple paperwork at the police station, telling that you would like to own class 4 firearms. The police will check if you have a criminal history, and if you don't you will get a permit for class 4. So basicly any civilian can own machineguns. And not just machineguns, also suppressors, very short barels, folding stocks, etc. You can own the most modern submachineguns in Switzerland and there are almost no incidents with firearms. Big contrast with america, where it is nearly imposible to own modern submachineguns and there are shootings every week.
1:14
The computer looks like something from a fallout game.
Bullets in Switzerland are armless, made of gold, a very soft metal. ;o)
We have a lot of the same range safety rules here in America, don’t get me wrong their are some ranges where they don’t care as much as others but the standard is to take your firearms out of their case while in your lane and load their as well, I do feel the same with myself having my ccw after going through the training and waiting to get my ccw I don’t ever want to take the risk of losing it, I thought this was going to be a little bad but honestly if everybody’s trained properly and they understand everything then this is really cool
Get yourself a better drone pilot, I'm available 😂
It really shows how crazy some guns nuts are, The video not only goes over all the reasons that its perfectly safe but it also has a perfect record of safety to boot yet... "Something could go wrong" Yes and a meteorite from space could hit the road as well, doesn't make it worth worrying about lmao.
but what if some one climbs over that wall and gets shot.
The only place other than the USA that I would live actually I would rather live there than CA NY or Hawaii
Damn this is dumb!  Wonder what they would say if a round had a mishap and didn't go as far as it should and struck a driver on that highway.  They'd probably say it was a misfortunate accident.
Glad they are rational and logical. Iv had farmers who think if they give me permission to hunt or target practice on their land I’ll shoot a cow…. Even after I inform them I regularly shoot 1200 yards.  Most people don’t understand ballistics
I can fully understand that guy and i am dutch
This is the sort of thing that would be in my dreams but the drivers just have to try and avoid the bullets
Uuuugh i want to suddenly move to switzerland
never let the gov take your guns!
I never want to drive on that road
It's amazing how the concept of this place could be deemed extremely irresponsible and dangerous, but because of the sheer amount of respect and willingness to follow the rules, it is probably the safest gun range ever.
I know its safe but why🤷🏻‍♂️ put the road or range somewhere else
What about tall lorries/trucks?
Switzerland is just the Mandalorian culture.
Mics measuring pressure change - can that really be that accurate?
In the US they would close it after a  year for not only "safety" reasons but there  would also be like 300 deaths already
Brits want this banned now
I don't get why they had to cancel grenade tuesdays   :/
Tons of lead in the forest, leaks into the river. What a primitive hobby (and seriously why Swiss are wasting their money on military?)
a movie scene waiting to happen
You shoot live rounds over people's heads and startle drivers in the middle of traffic. Completely safe. Geniuses
americans could learn from this
LMFAO it doesn't matter how much training they have they're shooting LIVE ROUNDS over PEOPLE LMFAOOO dear God the stupidity
Dont know why, I thought it’s was driving range ⛳️ 😂
When it comes to gun culture in Europe i think no one comes close to Bosnia and Serbia and even Montenegro.For example every house in Bosnia has firearms at the most basic level where everyone has one of each a pistol and full auto rifle and a whole bunch of ammo.Then you have a good portion of the population that just has mini arsenals of weapons of all kinds.Then you have people who horde weapons from the past wars so they have everything.The government knows but cant do anything about it other then offer to buy the ones you dont like or want.Yet in every study done Bosnia is one of the safest countries in Europe
what if you shot a bird and that bird hit a car and that car hit other cars
Although very rare. Couldn't a squib round get over the berm but still hit a car?  Very neat set up though
No like/dislike?
Strange,  but it works
So don't use sunroofs I guess
But still its kinda dumb. Why even need to take the risk anyway
This would not work in US it’s a matter of time before someone goes to the edge and shoots cars
Over a road bru
the only range where firing guns is safer than shooting bows or slingshots
🇺🇸<🇨🇭
Where do you shoot pistols ?
But how hard would it be to just move it over
Those cows grazing all day with bullets zooming over their heads, amazing
Thats because Switzerland is very White
USA take notes
What if you knick the top if the wall? Couldn't it hit a car then?
“I think I'd have missed there” Dry fire: one of the best learning tools a rifleman has.
Being a soldier doesn't automatically make you more qualified or safer with a firearm than a civilian.
In Canada the federal government would consider the Swiss unhinged gun toting lunatics just waiting to go on a murderous shooting spree.
Thank you Tom for this excellent Video
The reason Switzerland has such a low crime rate is because they don't tolerate foreigners like we do in America.
Nice video. I used to do shooting aswell but I had to stop due to the fact that most people there were farmers and I couldn't go a day without being insulted for my race.
Its not the guns, its the people. Swiss shows it
What a stupid video.  Just make a video to show you know nothing about the tropic.  Wow.
I’m all for gun ownership but I still think that this is incredibly stupid. All the training in the world can’t prevent some weird physics from happening. Sorry I just think that this is dumb.
I've been at that place in the military for an obligatory shooting followed by a gun inspection, it was a really interesting concept of a shooting range! And yes, if you break any of the safety rules you're likely not holding a gun anymore
Mandatory safety and mental safety that's what we need here in the US
What a surprise. Guns are not the issue, the people are
Whoever wants to shoot at passing cars doesn't need to be at a shooting range to do so.
We have a shooting range just like this in Ponte Brolla
I genuinely was expecting that you'll show us the calculations how it's not possible for a projectile to hit the road :/
Swizterland also have very low criminality, and very low illegal possession of firearms, at least compared to the USA. 1+1=?
Switzerland shows that gun violence is not about the availability to guns but the culture you have regarding the use of them.
I guess Alec Baldwin won’t get invited now.
What if the bullet grazes the top of the wall, looses a bit of momentum and land's in car's window?
I'm living next to this area for 4 years. It's a interesting experience when the shoot and i drive on the road below the Shooting area.
2 story bus? Malfunction causing a slower bullet? Standing up as you said. This is just not safe and really not needed risk.
Soldiers that were trained in the military get to take home their guns, but without ammo. There are very strict gun laws in switzerland, but if you like guns then it is not a problem to get a license and go to a shooting range regularly.
This is indeed an example to follow. Not sure if would work in many other countries, but I do take my hat to the Swiss. I'm Portuguese, now living in the UK, and did military service by choice, not conscription. I am of the opinion that everyone sensible, willing and able should learn to operate firearms. Respect them and "not own them or store them at home". Having access to a firearm in a club and leaving it safely stored there seems to be a safer option in my opinion. Knowing the risks and responsibilities of such a tool, should be something taught in schools. Not to fear firearms, fear untrained and unbalanced people with access to firearms. Great video Scott, Cheers.
If only a lot more US citizens thought about firearms like the People of Switzerland
This wouldn't work in the United States. There are to many crazy people. Especially those that have fallen prey to cults.
This video isn't about gun safety, it's about a culture.  A culture superior to the one we have here in America. Kids in Switzerland become adults while many kids in America just become "grown-ups".
It’s true, it’s possible to hit a car if they stand up but it’s also possible to simply point the gun at someone and shoot them.   Also the chances that they’ll even hit a car before they’re taken down is probably like 10% chance at best, would be much easier to just point the gun at someone.
Gun safety comes hand in hand with TRAINING!
Instructor says: "The wall is reinforced concrete and 30cm thick, nothing can penetrate it." Me: Brings a 20cm Lahti L-39 anti-tank rifle and starts shooting. XD
I used to skydive. This reminded me of a drop zone in Davis, California where you land next to a shooting range. It is a little unnerving floating down in your parachute and hearing loud gunshots.
Murphy’s law, give it time.
Nice shooting Tom.
I absolutely would have told him to say squeeze instead of push, push is In no way accurate
Colin noir
Is this why Switzerland neutral during WW2? That plus the mountains I guess
So we're definitely gonna see this set-up in GTA VI, when it comes out in 2048.
Thanks for essentially proving that it’s not the guns that cause harm, it’s the individual.
The fact that a netraul country uses netraul objects makes sense
There's something oddly satisfying about watching Tom fire a gun
So it’s not true that all the Swiss have done in 200yrs is invent the cuckoo clock
So it’s not
I'm an American, a former USAF Airmen. I have been raised around and trained with firearms my whole life. Safety with firearms has been a part of my upbringing.    Shooting across a road, to me and in my culture, is a huge and dangerous safety violation. However, Switzerland is very lucky they have so many trained individuals in their country. If I was an American gun owner, living as an Ex-Pat in Switzerland, I feel that I would have very few, if any, issues with Switzerland's gun laws....but then I have been trained in gun safety since I can remember......
I watched this video like 2years ago but I was just uploaded mere days ago
Did you guys see that concrete wall? It barely had any dings in it! That would never happen in the US, they'd have to replace that wall at least twice per week.
That’s crazy
That tall fence beyond the firing position also has another purpose, it stops drivers seeing the muzzle flashes from the rifles, and possibly having an accident as a result. Its a good setup.
err how about hiking trail?
Smart video
What Europeans think every American school is
I’d park between just to hear the bullets zipping overhead
Always funny when the left points to europe as a country that shows having no guns is the standard we should follow - but yhen conveniently leave out a country like switzerland. Completely ignore that the guns are primarily used for self defense. And ignore that it takes breaking a crime to go in and shoot people up, and that they could get a similar effect hundreds of different ways.  Stop politicizing guns. They are for self defense. The protect millions every year. Put your attention into fixing the culture and family issues we have.
and more importantly, they are all Swiss.
Proper rifle training only rules out accidental harm, it doesn't get rid of the intention to harm. I don't know if this subtle oversimplification of the issue with gun politics is intentional or not, but this is a much more complicated issue in the U.S., and this mild suggestion is going to do nothing but fuel those who blindly and selfishly defend their second amendment rights.
Thats crazy scott
Tom always aims to please!
"and if there is, none of them have made it here". I guess the americans haven't arrived yet😂
Ok but...why?
Dear swiss never give up your guns
I don't think it's just proper training making things safe. People can be trained on safety and skills for years, but if your laws let lunatics and violent people own guns they can freely ignore that training. Take many US states for example.
there's a wall that negates any angle that would cross paths with the traffic. crazy idea but seems very well thought out.
in a country were common  sense prevails , this would never fly in the US no matter what you tell them. I think its cool that military members can keep their rifles after they leave service . I wish that was the case in the Marines but it is not
i got 65 funkos at a yard sale still in box for $3 each and bout about 200 dvds sealed for 25 cents each at the same yard sale. loved it
I've got so much respect for Switzerland regarding guns...proof that "making guns accessible to people who want them" and "preventing guns from being a safety risk" are not diametrically opposing ideas.
The beauty of the design is that IF a projectile were able to hit the road, it would have to be going so slow that it would be like getting hit with a small rock, probably ricocheting off windows and only bruising victims at worst.
Nice video Tom, you should do a video about The nightwatchman of lausanne
Wall bang
Tom Scott should be president
What about the real possibility of a round hitting the concrete barrier and ricocheting, dislodging concrete or pieces of the tumbling bullet at the cars driving by?
Guns save lives
dude starts every video in the middle of a conversation
Surely a ricochet off the top corner could tumble towards the road or send shrapnel ?, perhaps not likely but possible ?
80000 a year. That's nothing
Wow, in Brazil, most people *ARE NOT* allowed to own a gun, but our rate of people *HURT BY* guns in enough. It doesn't make any sense, right?        *Or it does?*
*Alec Baldwin has entered the chat
Their gun control is not only amazing, but their flag is a big plus too
In one mile.. merge onto PTSD Way
Thats absolutely stupid im a sniper and still as accurate as I am would not put innocents lives in any line of fire
Tom Scott is doing the main story at the same time as all of the side quests
Even though I understand the physics of this means everything is safe, but it still fills like people should have the right to consent or not consent to a bullet flying over their head and personal property. Even if it’s 20 yards above their head.
80,000 rounds a year? Vegas does that in 1 day
I guarantee the 1k thumbs down are for the extremely tacky opening, holy cow that was embarrassing.
American gun owner and concealed firearm carrier.  There is without a doubt a firearm issue in America but the classic buzz words like gun control or deeper BRC's aren't the answer. I don't have faith that America will ever figure out the solution but there is so much more to the equation than just those two.  Fortunately though, everything Tom has said in this episode about safety exists at almost every single range in America. You be very hard-pressed to find a range where they don't care about safety over comfortability.  Finding legal gun owners who have committed horrible acts are fairly uncommon as it is uncommon in Switzerland. Always only the criminals not the law abiding citizens.
Now make it so that every person in the US has a fire arm and was taught how to operate it in school
and then we have alec baldwin.
I still cant over the fact that everytime you have millions of views in a matter of days. Keep it going 👏🏽👏🏽
Good journalism this is interesting AF
Tomorrow: BREAKING NEWS… incident at shooting club
2.4 Million Registered weapons and I don't recall ever hearing of ANY Mass Shootings in Switzerland. Must be doing something right over there.
This makes perfect sense, enjoying the mechanics of shooting without any or at least minimal danger.
So what I learned, if your going to invade Switzerland do it in a way that makes them stand up because then they don’t know how to shoot
Isn't this the place where lindybeige and bloke on the range made a video about WWII bolt actions?
what if you get low velocity round by some chance , posibility it will fall short and hit the vehicle , just asking
The key to firearm safety is... training, training, training.  Good video
It's not the hardware that is inherently dangerous, it's an unqualified operator.
What happens if a double decker bus passed by? Like the one The Beatles met on
They practice is only iron sight while America practice with scopes. Interesting
That looks like an incredibly fun range.
Why did they put the numbers odd
Dios te bendiga y Dios bendiga a Todos los que estan leyendo esto! Deseo que tengan un hermoso dia! Buscad a Dios mientras pueda ser hallado! Jesus es el camino y el unico camino y regresa pronto! Recuerda cuando te sientas que no eres amado... el mayor sacrificio se hizo por amor! EL SUICIDIO NUNCA ES LA RESPUESTA!   Porque de tal manera amó Dios al mundo, que ha dado a su Hijo unigénito, para que todo aquel que en él cree, no se pierda, mas tenga vida eterna. S. Juan 3:16 RVR1960   La paga del pecado es muerte (infierno) pero Cristo pagó nuestra deuda en la cruz para nuestra salvacion! Debemos volvernos a Dios y apartarnos de nuestros caminos pecaminosos, confesar que Jesús es el Señor y creer con nuestro corazón que fue resucitado de entre los muertos por Dios, y  debemos de ser bautizados en el nombre del Padre, del Hijo y del Espíritu Santo y vivir por Su palabra y mandamientos! Confia que Dios ayudara con el resto!   Busca a Dios, antes de que sea muy tarde! Hoy podria ser tu ultimo dia en la tierra!   Que tengas un hermoso dia! ❤️❤️💯💯💯
I'm just fascinated with the way those Electronic Targets Work... I guess this just help me with all of my electronics design work and stuff in the end all... Just fascinating indeed... :-)
Squib round(under powdered)------thru window of vehicle.
High rate of gun ownership with low rate of gun violence? Tell us another fact about Switzerland..
i swear i've seen this video by you before... reupload or? im not joking i saw this video like 2 years ago? im really confused
So if a zombie apocalypse happens, move to Switzerland. Got it.
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership, I'm British, I'm not qualified. LMAO
Schon sehr lustig irgentwie
These firearm ideas should be applied around the world.  It would be a much safer and happier place.
vvvv
So maybe mass shootings are a cultural problem, not a problem about gun availability?
A magnifyer!
I'm pro guns but I think this is crazy. Just mpo!
Proper gun training. Who would’ve known
This method for calculating accuracy is quite ingenious.
wqhat if i murder the cars
Alec Baldwin: "Seems like a great idea, very safe"
The Swiss must be born with Alpine ice water in their veins.
I'm a young American.  We should do this and things like this
Geometry at it's best
tommas.A scott
is that a FAL? That's a big round
Doing what America could never do. Arm their citizens, teach them how to use them very well and teach them how to not act like a spastic with a gun when they get mad.
Thank you very much for showing the world how gun use and ownership work in Switzerland. It's a real pride.  Make perfect shots, not war !
Switzerland has a military of 120k to it’s population of 8.6 million. I hardly think you can attribute the country’s low gun violence stat to the fact that “most people who leave the military keep their guns”
Really odd! As a Norwegian that dont speak german, I was able to understand this swiss dialect really unproblematic at times. Much easier than german for some reason. Neat!
Hey! Americans!  This is how it’s done correctly! 😂
why does it sound like dialect in belgium fr
Gotta love the Swiss.
Duh, its because Switzerland is a tax haven, all the guns lost in boating accidents are appreciating in storage in Geneva 😏
Serving your country seems so much more rational when the country cares about its civilians. I’d rather die then serve the US at this point
Yoooooo finally a video in Switzerland:D
Definitely wont see anything like this in the US to many psychos that would just open fire on the highway.
The anxiety of passing there everyday.  . . .
Is this re uploaded or has somebody else made a video on it?
Amazing.  There's never been a misloaded or malfunction resulting in a lower velocity.   Nothing can hit the road?  Probably not at the design velocitys.
Me : German  *Reads for safety the englisch subtitles bc switzergerman is weird*
I get it that there were no accidents in the past 20 years but i cannot stop picturing a bullet scratching the top of the wall and changing its trajectory. I mean i could happen, right?
What about a "bad" (low load) munition that would let the round go over the wall and then drop down on the road? (I am just going about the physics here...) I suppose it would not have that much energy to be (too) dangerous, but...
I drove past that range last week. No joke
Imagine if americas were required to to have training before owning a gun instead of kids that own guns with their only knowledge of gun ownership being call of duty
It's all fun and games until the shooter stands up and starts firing at the passing cars
Thats the difference. Here in the states we aren't required to be trained to own a deadly weapon. Thankfully my Marine Father taught me everything I know about firearms, but not everyone is so lucky and many people make irreversible mistakes. (I've come close to being a witness of said mistakes)
I have a Question. So if your driving either way on that road could you at any point here the bullets going passed and hitting the targets.??
Ahhh so there was the shooting place... I drove there last week and I was wondering what the targets were for... now I get it 😂
That target reader is AWESOME
if the range was built to shoot over a childrens day care center would it still be ok?
I would hate to see what would happen if the US required extensive weapons training. People would lose their minds.
I've been there, it's lame.  Every few seconds the range safety officer will yell "CAR!" and you have to cease fire.
I appreciate you taking a down the middle approach.
What if one random round had a weak load, Weak enough to fall well below the intended targets but strong enough to make it to the highway? Seems like this range got the okay to be built on the old saying “it’s all about who you know” rather than it’s totally safe.
I wonder what the drivers and/or passengers in the cars feel like when passing this range.
Here I live in Norway, we have 2 shooting ranges that passes busy roads😅
I hate guns
This is next level
just shoot the damn gun
I'd LOVE to shoot more. I'm good at it, I am respectful with the firearms, I know what to do and not to do, etc. Problem is...I live in the UK and we have a combination of stupidly tight firearms laws and a distinct lack of quality shooting ranges. + the old snarky farts that ran the particular range I went to were unbearable, so it put me off even more. I'm super envious of the Swiss people 👍
I always find it funny how those who don't own guns see every aspect of ownership and shooting as taboo or some dangerous endeavor. But, as soon as they visit a range and get to talk to people, they realize that gun owners are quite a respectful bunch who take safety and responsibility VERY serious. I have yet to see an anti-gunner leave a range as an anti-gunner. Once you see it for yourself, you get it.
Alec Baldwin took this video personally
I'm popular opinion: I understand they take safety very serious and all but if I was on the committee I would never allow a road and a shooting range to intersect. There's got to be another way.
Tom: Sweden is safe Elinar: <crickets>
We will NEVER give up our guns. The beauty of a gun is your gonna have a hard time taking it from me because that gives me the right to use it against you and better know we will.
I wonder why there's not a wall in the building with a window at the bottom to make it physically impossible to fire at the targets while standing. By the sound of it they haven't needed it, but still, can you ever be too safe?  Also there must be a minimum bullet velocity requirement here, right?
What if fired a slow projectile from a psitol and then picked up a rifle with high velocity and hit the pistol round in mid-air over the road? It could deflect and hit the cars
It's just amazing to hear that there were no incidents........People respecting people......a rare thing to see in most of other countries
Why didn't they build another wall closer to the cars, so that they can't be seen while standing up either. Why don't they make it even safer?
The beginning of this video is a great example of someone being afraid (by the woke mob) to say the simple truth… guns aren’t evil without an evil person holding them.
To all the whiny, virtue signaling, ill-informed, narrative-promoting, anti-US commenters here: are the US headlines filled with stories about accidents at gun ranges? I have experienced the same attention to discipline and safety at gun ranges across the country and their record speaks for itself.
It's almost like having an armed population is fine in a country with civilized people...
before both sides complain about guns 1 very important fact before ye' start Switzerland has a militia system. Meaning almost everyone serves in the military in some way which also means almost everyone gets train how to properly use a gun Meaning, at worse, a Swiss citizen  is as well trained as a standard non-Swiss cop  at gun safety  you may now argue:
What could possibly go wrong???
Wahnsinn
Theoretically, an underloaded cartridge might have just the wrong amount of energy, lead to a curved trajectory and hit a car. I wouldn't consider this as safe. Just not enough safety margin.
I have guns. This is the dumbest sheet I’ve ever seen…..
But.....why? There's plenty of real estate there....why place the range over a road...
For some reason I thought it would be golf, I can't be the only one.
Plot twist. Tom was once a Swiss sniper.
Its because private ownership of guns in Switzerland is treated as a responsibility, not a right.
Hmm some words in Swiss German are almost exactly pronounced as the Dutch do. Interesting
They also have a lot of confidence in their firearms if they aren't using eye protection.
Was this one of those computer generated video titles?
I own several pistols and riffles it's the criminal or idiot who makes the news.
I bet their mental health and well being is substantially better than in the US as well, not just firearm ownership and laws.
It feels like a bullet could clip the top of the wall, put on a forward spin, and bend its trajectory down into traffic
I'm german and still I'm thankful for the subtitles.
I get that they are being responsible, but the whole concept appears to be very unreasonable.
There os one like this in Nova Scotia too
I mean, it’s cool and all but is it necessary? Are they trying to make a point? It’s not as if Switzerland doesn’t have enough space for a shooting range away from a main road. Surely people would want to practice standing up, with such a technologically advanced range. Seems like they’re just trying to show off instead of being practical.
Love the Swiss approach to defending ones country. A well armed, and trained population is a safer sociaty. Regards from Israel.
What if a bullet clipped the top of that wall, went up into the sky & then straight down into somebodies sunroof?
This looks like a location where a James Bond movie scene could take place.
there is a huge gap in safety between rifles and handguns. I'm all for rifle ownership and sports shooting/hunting and will carry and handgun when in back country areas w/ wild animals. But I do not want a handgun in the house - it is only a liability at that point.  also - this place looks awesome
There's only one country in the 'developed' world that doesn't require safety training before you can gain your firearms license. Guess which one it is? Here's a clue - they have a lot of mass killings in their cities and schools...
Beein british is probably the best qualification you can have to talk about gun rights, as you know how easy a right is givern away and how hard it is to obtain it back...
I have to ask the question; what if someone clips the top of the wall? Couldn't the bullet potentially spin into the roadway?
The cars on the road in switzerland kill more than the firearms.
Lovely hearing the raw swiss german :-)
I like Swiss German
Understandable.
What keeps people from wandering into the hills in and around the actual target area
You can own so many guns in Switzerland because they got it right. Mandatory military service. If you pass they trust you enough to take your service rifle with you and use it responsibly. That's how you do it. That's how you prevent firearm deaths.
I country where everyone with a gun is properly trained and follow common sense rules? Too bad a certain organization in the US has turned into a parrot for populist, all-or-nothing fearmongering. And too bad some people get polarized to that opposite end of the spectrum and see all guns as purely evil that could never be used for something else.
1:58 this place looks like Eau Rouge corner at the famous Spa-Francorchamps racing circuit
- We have hundreds of fields and secluded places, where could we build our shooting range? uhm - Bro, listen to me, see this giant road with constant traffic? - Say no more
But why? All that land and they shoot over a highway?
Not safe but ok......
I think this says more about the people and the culture of the country then is does abot the crazy geography of where this range is located.
but why?
Awesome! Great solution to the distance problem!
Sorry dat is Zwitserland en daar kan zoiets blijkbaar en dan moeten zeker Engelsen niet gaan proberen de wet en of schietstanden daar slecht te maken. Als zulke zaken in Zwitserland zijn toegelaten dan is dat zo, punt einde discussie. Die Britse reproter moet daar dan niet gaan schieten moest hij ertegen zijn , maar hij DOET HET WEL.
Bloke on the range did a video about this range already
Why does the Swiss guy talking sound Norwegian
Most do not keep their fire arms after service.
Its impossible to hit the road. Why even making sich a video??? We have lots of such installments around here. Its no danger.
We have a lot of those, i guess all boils down to common sense...no one in their right mind wants to shoot someone in the highway Switzerland has 3million guns registered for 6 million population and as mentioned in the video very few gun violence, almost non existent (maybe one case every other year maximum)
In theory a faulty bullet could drop down into the road, say if it didn't have enough gunpowder to achieve enough power. Very unlikely but I wonder if they have ever considered this possibility.
Imagine the bullet ricocheting from a drone and hitting someone in a car. That's very unlikely, but can happen.
80 thousand rounds a year ? ... I hope that's per group ... that's a low ass number does a round of 308 cost like 50 euro there ?   My typical day of shooting is a couple hundred rounds and if it's with friends easy thousands  🙃
What about bullets scratching the wall and getting a flyangle downwards?
Off topic, but how come that the Swiss language has more familiarities with the Dutch language than the German language? I mean, the entire country of Germany lies between us... 🤔
Imagine double dekker bus passing by
but why
someone trying to check over the wall, whats that sound :X
And that's how you have gun safety, not disciplining the gun but the person.
In the US if you removed baltimore chicago new york and LA from the totals, we would have the same rate of fire arm incidents as Switzerland. The issue then seems to be urban youths.
Most American place outside of America
Chicago has the biggest range. It's even for free!
This is unsafe and unacceptable! What If im on the road and I decided to jump 100meters into the air when a bullet happens to be flying towards me??
In my town theres a firing range on an airstrip. Like you literally shoot guns right next to a runway it's not even fenced off or anything
This guy knows nothing about guns
So you can just be on your commute to work, or the shop, and suddenly hear gunfire and bullets whizzing overhead... huh.
What a great country to be in. Sigh...
Theoretically it is possible for a bullet to graze the very top surface of the concrete the slowing it down enough and alternate it's trajectory downward into a car. Extremely rare but it is possible.
this should be built on UK borders, so citizens can come and defend themself from refuges c
Hey it's the vape choker guy
wait but I thought guns kill people how do they have low gun violence??
0:04 If anyone doesn't understand why this is, I don't know what to tell you.
LMAO. And plus its Only America being Destroyed by NOT GUNS.  But Drugs. and they want to blame guns.. Like people in Switzerland are more able to train and Understand there Firearms any more than your average American. what we have Hear is a PSYOP
What if you stood up and shot at the cars? You mean, what if you're a psycho, bent on destruction? Why bother even going to the range? There are better places to go and kill people. It's got nothing to do with 'training'.
I remember my dad telling me stories about being in the army in Switzerland and I’m hoping to do the same in a few years 😁
only thing that has me sketched out is low quality ammo getting wacky projectiles, but I guess the wall makes it totally safe. Cool video!
Yea if only we have these sorts of requirements in America.. that's responsible gun ownership.  Our methods are laughable..
But the real question is: Is it safe for the cows' hearing?
"So I can't use chemical weapons just because some town in Switzerland says so?"
Clicked because I know that in the US it is not legal to shoot over an occupied road or even near it. That is very neat, I sort of wish there was more emphasis on gun handling safety in the US. Kind of tired of us gun owners looking bad.
You speak common sense. It’s not the guns that hurt or kill people. It’s people who are hell bent on hurting/killing others that’s the issue.  You are more than qualified to talk about gun safety and gun politics.
And then someone stands up... lmao
I really hope that no double decker bus ever uses this stretch of road.
one day, 2 bullets will collide
Switzerland is awesome
Squeeze, don't pull. Even while lying down.
LMAO That's not f safe!  Murphy's law baby, and it will at some point. In some weird whacked out way that no one ever would of thought could of happen it will go right through a window and kills someone, or multiple people.   Here's one: Bird fly's across and changes the trajectory of the bullet just enough to force it towards a window, or even an open window.
It's perfectly safe until a dud round loses momentum and lobs into a windshield.
It works because the trajectory wall  would stop low angle bullets.  Same as Swiss chocolate tank traps nuts but it works
I love this shooting range. It’s really cool how it works
I want to go there.
Jesus loves u all so much
Correction they have a high gun ownership but ammo is heavily regulated where it can't be stored in your home.
Buy why?
Unfortunately so many in the US fail to understand  why the Swiss deserve to have their guns and why we Americans are pathetic by comparison
Ww2 vetretirement home should be built close by that 😂
Getting 10s with iron sights at 300 meters after only a few rounds, nice!
If this was in the US someone would muck it up day 1, speaking as a citizen of the US.
please listen to your state. YOUR STATE KNOWS BETTER THAN YOU. Please take four vaccines today for health and pleasure.
just from the picture and title it was so obvious to me that it has to be in Switzerland.
1:39 only 2.4 million firearms? I think my neighbor here in the US has more.
I was just watching golf videos and thought this was a driving range… ha.
Culture is the issue in say the US. That’s all their is to it
Seeing how the Swiss treat guns and then looking at the US, it's not hard to see what the problem really is... A bunch of untrained imbeciles. (training should be mandatory)
People are talking about how this is possible because of training and whatnot despite the fact that there is a 30cm thick reinforced concrete wall blocking the line of sight between the road and the firing position. You couldn’t hit the traffic if you tried. They said exactly this in the video.
This is amazing!
Meanwhile in America Shooting range you have people pointing a gun at his friends head trying to take a selfie. I'm for gun ownership, but we in America need mandatory training to buy a gun.
"Nothing can get through this wall, it is impossible"  DemoRanch: hold my beer
i just found this guy 5 minutes ago and I'm starting the love it
Uh, you are qualified as a Brit. you have gun laws in your country and guns still exist in the world.
I like how you arent biased you have earned an intense amount of respect from me even though since im a stranger that means nothing but thanks for not being biased
Whenever I mention to US gun nuts that there are all sorts of deadly and dangerous incidents at US firing ranges every year, they just reply "If everyone used proper gun safety that wouldn't happen". I don't argue with that reasoning but it doesn't change the facts.
I love that hit sensing system. I wonder how accurate it is.
Interesting that not a single ricochet or other such unique situation hasn't happened even once. Must be limitations to caliber and ammo type.
This is what I call land management.
It's just like with drinking, the more acquainted people are with it, the better they know how to manage it (and I don't mean more acquainted with *doing* it)
It’s wild to see normal human behavior and an environment where people can be trusted on their morals alone. You wish the global population of human being could exist in this manner
swiss- we shoot over the roads for fun American- wait that's illegal
As someone who was taught in traditional German, hearing Swiss German is very much like Irish is to English.
Funny how democrats say it's not a mental illness thing. But they have as many people per house hold. People yhay are armed, as the us if not more. But yet they have less crime and killings. Also society and the glorification hellywood does.
So America’s probably isn’t the quantity of firearms it’s lack of training.
Seeing how much recoil the 556 really has is amazing.
If youre from out of the country will they allow anyone to shoot there? We have ranges in the US but nothing as cool as that. Those sensors are wild.
Before you explained why it was safe, it was obvious from the camera shooting angle and the wall. Which makes the entire point of the video moot.
Who knew a country so neutral would have so many guns!
Why tho?
There really are still so many sensible countries in the world. Here in Australia, the mere attempt to build something like this that shoots over a road would be met by howls of protest by our firearms hating media outlets followed by nods of stern agreement (ignorance) from the sheep of the general populace.
Damn I wish the US were like this
Your just Showing the 'Good Side' of this,.....NO WAY this is an Ongoing Good Idea. Your BOUND to find some Idiot who cant Aim!
That is dangerous
This was very well put together
They don’t have MAGA yet
Anti-gun Karens downvoted this
Based
The main difference between Switzerland and the USA is the compulsory weapon training. Guns require respect and familiarity reduces fear. Both of which are in an extreme deficiency in a certain subset of the population in the USA. This leads to more gun violence and fear resulting in calls for uninformed gun control laws. When the direct opposite is true. If more people had guns and training there would be significantly less crime. This has been proven MANY times throughout history.
That’s not so bad, one of my skydiving landing area is about 200 yards from a shooting range.
if you can't shoot up a Wal-Mart, are you truly free?
What about the cows ????
I like how everyone conveniently forgets about Switzerland when arguing for gun control in the US.
Merica'
wait so they're training cows to be completely unfazed by gunfire? what on earth are they planning?
I was wondering if this was going to be in Switzerland. 😂
Like in most things, training and education produces a more safe environment, not ignorance and knee jerk decision making.
1:56 Schutzwaffen just means firearms.
2.4 million registered firearms in Switzerland, 395 million firearms in the US. Just a fun fact.
Probably isn't very comforting to be a road maintenance worker trimming trees in a bucket truck there. I'd say it might be interesting for the flagger, but that highway looks far too trafficked for them. Best of luck to that crew!
What is the point of this lmao
Interesting tho how Switzerland has more weapons proportionally owned by private citizens then the US but has extraordinarily low gun crime. Banning guns in the US isn't the solution. The issue isn't guns, the issue is the people who are taking those guns and using them on innocents.     So my solution... we ban people 😎😎
How was this NOT in Florida?!
What about a really tall person in a convertible?
" I think across Switzerland, there are 2.4 million registered firearms"   Americans: Rookie Numbers
I’m impressed by this facility.
i love that target system, would be really cool to have something similar in the range nearby; having to call a halt to everyone else on the range while you wander over to replace target papers is always annoying.
the only targets i see are the cows
I think this is just called Detroit
My mind didn't ready "busy road." My mind read another kind of road. The internet has poisoned my mind.
Let's go Brandon!
They don't really "own" guns in Switzerland..........
It is Alison really hard to keep ammo with you while out in public or even while in private
I was going to say "America moment"  Guess not.
“I’m driving on a busy road near a firing range”
Swiss..most trained in how to use them and are responsible enough not to mess around  *America...ummmm*
Guns are just like cars. Someone who is unhinged enough can drive a car into a crowd of people just as easily as shooting into a crowd of people. The reality is however, most gun crime is not done this way. In the united states, most firearm deaths are suicides and the majority of gun homicides are gang related. America is sick and gun violence is just a symptom. Taking away guns wont cure the disease. We should be looking at why we have one of the highest suicide rates in the developed world and why we have rampant gang violence in our cities. Blaming guns is easy and gives politicians and simple answer to a complex problem. Its also a solution that can never be implemented since there are over 470 million and counting privately owned guns in America. America is a nation of gun owners and that's not going to change.
The rules at this range aren't much different than most in the united states.
"And its safe"- famous last words
What about a defective bullet? Or what if they barley skim the top of the wall? Could that throw off the bullet in a way to make it dangerous?
Coz they have fun control🤣🤣
what if a projectile hits the top of the concrete wall and then tumbles and hits a car?
"im british im not very qualified" 😂
Imagine visiting Switzerland and driving on road then suddenly you hear a gun shot sound and see a bullet passing over your head.
I Wonder what is like to drive on this road when someone is shooting few Meters Above.
Bullets don't ricochet in Switzerland.
I can’t get on board with it. Sometimes (albeit extremely rarely) a round may not fire properly and the bullet won’t travel at the normal speed, sometimes even getting stuck in the barrel. If the bullet left the barrel too slow, the round could dip down to the road. Not a fan.
4:13 so we’ll explained, you sound like an author haha
Hey America, TAKE NOTE!
i have been to a similar shoting range but instead of a road with cars it was a walking path for walking people.
Swiss is what Germany wishes to be but never achieves
Physics ❤️
Need some of those squib loads from federal to spice up that traffic.
I really like Switzerland's approach towards firearms
id still love it if there were significantly less, if not none, weapons about, especially here in germany where the approach to registering and actually knowing where those guns are is "uuuuh i reckon we have about ye many", but if there have to be some, please lets do it like they do it in switzerland. presuming they are better in keeping track of their literal killing devices than we do.
If the mental health issues in a country are low enough, it doesn’t matter how many guns the people have. This is a great example of it.
There are lots of woods on the right hand side so why not shoot that direction instead of shooting over a major road? That is what's bewildering to me....
GUNS DONT KILL PEOPLE
this is one of the coolest videos i’ve seen on youtube in along time well done
It's all fun and games until you see "gained 300xp" floating above your head
“Safe” I’ve experienced bullets ricocheting off the dirt and flying over the wall straight above my head lower than the wall. It’s more likely that it’s a miracle that nobody’s been hurt. I know from personal experience.
In America the cars would be the target!
I wish that kind of trust was available here in America....but wait, it is! Alas, people would use it just the same here. But its not acceptable because trust is a real problem here. I do trust honest gun owners though
"I'm British I'm not exactly qualified" -Tom Scott
That's what we here in Texas are trying to institute,   but without the common sense.
It's almost like good regulation that many in in the US would not actually think is good (on the right, moreso) can actually be there and you still have lots of safe gun ownership.   "but but the illegal..." Maybe actually look into that instead of spreading lies (most of those start out as legal purchases, and most of the stuff that gets the news to actually pay attention is done with legal weapons).
Very awesome video! Right on the money with that bullseye 🎯
Imagine you’re driving and you just hear a blicky over your head
What if a bullet hits the top of the wall and goes into a topspin that bends the trajectory quickly downwards towards the road?
I haven't heard about any protests brutally suppressed by police in Switzerland. I have heard that many citizens of Switzerland own military rifles and are well trained on how to use them. Coincidence? I think not.
This a monitored location. Everyone is a member, in addition prior military. Not just every ordinary Joe can show up and shoot. Lots of trust on this range.
Zum glück alles in Englisch Untertitel sonst hätte ich den Kerl nicht Verstanden xD
There's a great (probably exaggerated) story about one time before ww1 (1912 iirc) when Kaiser Wilhelm II asked a Swiss minister what an army of (at the time) a 1/4 million Swiss would do if invaded by his army of 1/2 a million Germans. The minister thought about it for a second and then replied "Shoot twice and go home"
ya but like... why even take the risk tho
I’ll get into the gun politics - I think any reasonably sane person who wants a weapon should be allowed to own one. The more weapons we have, the more even and safer our society.
>isn't in America  And everything suddenly made perfect sense 👌
Never realized Swiss sounded like a Norwegian making fun of the German language.
Eh I just made my own range with my pond levy out here in the good ole US of A
Absolute proof that guns are not the problem and it really comes down to culture. The thug and gangster culture that is currently dominate in America is the real problem since it promotes guns as tools for crime and intimidation rather than tools for security and national defense that was originally intended. If Americans want less gun violence we need to change the culture NOT the rights of the people.
But GUNS KILL PEOPLE!
This is a perfect example of how more guns in the hands of responsible gun owners makes everyone safer. Outlawing guns only takes them away from the good citizens that follow the law, the criminals do not care and will still own guns, and have a much easier time taking advantage of the unarmed public. Switzerland is a great demonstration of this, extremely high gun ownership extremely low gun crime, and as a comparison look at Mexico where gun ownership by citizens is illegal, yet dozens of people are shot and killed every day because the bad guys will always have guns, and do not care what the law says. Every sane law abiding citizen should have the opportunity to own firearms if they choose.
Culture is the issue, not guns.
Grüezi mitenand grüsse aus der Schweiz 🇨🇭🇨🇭
Facebook is censoring this one and appeals are fruitless.  Fascinating how mindlessly stupid the censorship has become.   Fewer misfortunes have befallen people at this shooting range in its lifespan then have befallen each and every human who has gone there at some point.
I live here in Switzerland and learned how to handle a gun at a young age. I completed the „Jungschützenkurs“ (Young shooter training) at 13 years old. I think learning the proper way of handling a gun and what the consequences are when you don’t is what keeps Switzerland a very safe place even tho we have very many people that own firearms.
Today I learned that as a German, I can understand swiss people.
thanks for representing responsible gun ownership well 👍
"No projectiles can get through this. It's impossible."  I feel like I watch too much anime because that's like a textbook bad omen of a phrase
I was very surprised when I saw that Thumbnail. I live 5 minutes away from that range and have had competitions there a couple of times. Would love to see some people from around the world come there and try out the 'swiss shooting style'(?) :)
Gun ownership and gun safety are 100% amazing in the USA. UNLESS, you go to a Democratic/ Liberal run shithole like Chicago, NYC, Seattle, etc.  So, it's not the country, the weapon, or the people. It's the politicians.
Proper training of firearms is really about teaching a hard line of respect.  (With great power comes great responsibility).
People in general are good and responsible. Particularly people of Northwestern European descent. In the USA, the original Americans commit almost none of the gun crime.
What if a triple decker bus parties thru🤣🤣🤣
imagine not knowing that exist and driving and shots go over you car lmfao
I appreciate you recognizing you don't know enough about firearms to weigh in on the politics. As a gun owner, we are constantly ridiculed by morons who don't know tit from tat when it comes to guns. This is good journalism. Going out of your comfort zone for the story and not being biased. Thank you.
I guess if people were really worried about someone standing up they could just add another concrete layer above the existing wall so you're just shooting through a slit at the target.  Or far easier make the slit at the shooting position.  Easy fix.  However in the absence of mentally unstable or irresponsible gun users at that location why bother?  Compare that to the thousands of videos on YouTube of irresponsible gun usage by untrained, undisciplined, and quite possibly unhinged people in the US...
Banks.
😇🤗
Saying it's safe because you've never had an incident is like skydiving without a reserve. When there is an incident, someone will end up dead.
Shooting range with moving targets, nice addition to it
U wants shot car u CANT
Something that is rarely said is that you can't have ammunation easily at home. As far as I know, it's not allowed. So yes, we have maybe 2.4 million registered firearms, but most of them are sitting at home without any ammunation around. They are as dangerous as baseball bats. Thus, we don't have ammo to use our guns against someone and we can't shoot in our backyard without safety mesures like in USA. In USA half of the people who die from a firearm, die as a result of an accident, like people doing dum thing with their guns or children killing someone because they play with a gun thinking that it's unloaded, etc...
If someone wants to to do harm around other people with guns their not getting far
Hey i live next to this place!
Physics
"Major highway" ??
finally a video that i can watch without reading subtitles thats not english
There are range safety officers at every major shooting range in the US that enforces rules
This range is for long guns, not hand guns. USA Mo. here, I just got back from the range, and I use a pistol. I am 5'2" and have a hard time using a long gun.
Seeing Tom using a gun felt wrong
Cars kill more people than guns
Tom, you never fail to entertain with your genuinely interesting and unusual content. Great video.
I Hope for the next 50 years machines put in the full amount of primer.
Clearly Switzerland doesn’t have double decker busses
4:25 that entire line was really funny to imagine. I love the image of a unhinged gun ho idiot stand up, and suddenly a circle of assault weapons wielded by military trained men appear around them.
Keeping a gun at home (and close to the bed) beats any intruder alarm.
I don't understand why you would build a range that shoots across a busy highway. That's crazy. I understand there are safety precautions in place, but It's just such an UNNECESSARY risk. It's not like it's that hard to find a different place to do it that doesn't have to cross paths with the highway...
So you are saying that a good portion of the entire country are all armed military trained personel? nice.
TÜV entered the chat
I cannot believe this isn't in the usa
I see a future scenario assassination for a hitman game.
there'd have to be something terribly wrong with the round/gun and some very strong wind for a bullet to drop down that much, i suppose
The Swiss German caught me off guard.
Imagine driving through a new city and hearing rifles firing right alongside the road, I can't imagine that hasn't caused any crashes
The town of Kiruna could be an interesting video...
I think the UK would benefit alot from compulsory civil/military service
The Swiss do this! But ban motor racing after a car crash 70 years ago that killed 80 people? Good to know the Swiss can shoot but don't have the same confidence driving at high speed 😂
Our newspaper (20Minuten) just published an article about this video.
See?! It is possible for citizens to have guns without endless mass shootings  _if_  you don't have a violent culture with a cult-like worship of guns!
If this was in the USA someone would shoot and kill someone.
i live in the UK and think our gun laws for CLUB shooting is a joke. This guy stresses that the Swiss are very "well trained" and that seems to be why the swiss have guns but no gun deaths BUT a well trained individual could still lose the plot and go on a rampage,its not training thats the problem its the ownership. If the UK  allowed everyone to own a rifle BUT  had to be kept at the specified club/range at all times there would be no gun deaths/rampages. the club/range must be to a standard of course.I think the UK in most cases the clubs/range will not hold weapons only class 1,historical? Even Air rifle clubs are far and few!!!!!!!
Very respectable disclaimer at the beginning of the video.
Imagine what would happen in 'murica if they have this
Do these drivers know that there are bullets flying right above their heads? I don't think they'd like that :P
can you even see the road/cars when standing up?
The reason Switzerland has such success with gun ownership is due to their homogeneous population, and that is all you need to know.
What if there is some poor swiz mushroom picker in the back ground ? No way thats a sketchy range. Danger Danger
The UK has very much the same principle. You can find clubs all over the place and the process for getting a rifle is extremely meticulous. The cpsa is also available for clay target shooting likewise places all over the UK
Just because you're British doesn't mean you can't speak up for your own firearms laws. You guys deserve to enjoy the sport more than half of america participates in, you deserve the protection that only arming yourself can provide
Isnt this also the same country where you're not allowed to have ammo anywhere but the range and military stores? One of the lowest gun crime rates in the world.
I was not expecting to see Tom Scott holding a firearm at any point in my life, especially not a military rifle, but here we are
America's problem with guns isn't guns. 99.9% of gun owners have safety as their utmost priority.  America's problem is there are so many people filled with utter hatred.
Damn, it must be a pain going to change the targets... Unless they use some automated system.
Someone made this vid a while ago tho
I hope no teenagers decide to take a selfie there while target practice going on...that space must be closed surly
I love how the Swiss are like the freest country in Europe and they are clean AND chill! Why can’t we adopt the Swiss model here?
I've seen this range in a few videos(shout out to bloke on the range) but I still can't get used to this idea. I realize it's totally safe but even when I know a gun is completely empty, even deactivated, I still don't want someone to point it at my face.
When your government is run by grown ass adults and don’t treat their citizens like dumb kids.
Guns are rights
It's interesting how an ethnically homogeneous society with a plethora of gun owners has very little problems when it comes to gun violence...
Hey Tom, the next time you are in Switzerland hit me up. Let's play some "2 of these people are lying" with my buddies.
Why would someone bother making a shooting range that goes over a highway? Just for the novelty?
America needs to start taking notes from Switzerland
You missed the best part. It's actually very common to drink a few beers after the shooting. And even then the Swiss know how to behave with a firearm. I think this kind of culture and discipline you can't find elsewhere.
I'd love to live in Switzerland. People have guns, and are trained.
Makes sense it's in Switzerland 😂
Insane
America could never💀
I knew it couldn't be in the States, because shooting over a road here is VERY illegal......
Ive seen it all now
Thanks for this nice Video, it was cool to see something from my own country :D
You could shoot over highways and over peoples heads, sure, have all the fun you want...but no, you can't carry a firearm for self defense....guns are just too dangerous for that.
“ops i whiffed”
Id rather go to a range where i could stand 🤷
If as few as two psychopaths took the building over, they would have a shooting gallery below them for long enough to create a monumental catastrophe. Why not simply put it somewhere safer? This is not the kind of tourism you want.
Saw the thumbnail, knew it was switzerland😂
1:18 is the second weapon a SG 550?
This video blows my mind, so many commen words from dutch, soldaten, zeer weinig ect
"Just shoot past the cows and people duh"
It surely helps when there is no large part of the population relishing fantasies of violence as a measure of "freedom".
If everyone owned a firearm and was trained in the proper use of it, of course gun crime would be incredibly low.
01:25 this claim (they all have training in how to use them) fails short with the numbers presented right after that, no? what am I missing?
Dankeschön :D
Send this to anyone who believes guns are the problem in society
Graze the barrier and the bullet can go anywhere.
Great video about firearms and their Required safety! You did the firearms community a great service, even for a Brit 😉
Neat! Yeesh that Swiss accent is so harsh to understand
What if a bullet grazed the very top of that wall, changing it's trajectory... final destination
Proof that an armed community is a safe community
As an American, I am incredibly impressed by this setup and the amount of safety protocols and training you have to receive and follow just to even own a firearm. I mean, they are firing over a busy highway. I seriously doubt there's anything like that here. I really wish we had this level of responsibility and commitment in America. Thank you for sharing.  Edit: those targets are also very cool.
god bless switzerland
Be right back, I need to start packing my bags for Switzerland, then I'll finish the video.
This would be impossible in america
Everyone should own guns
Wow how dangerous
Americans watching in confusion
It's only safe because their citizens aren't murderous
Me as a swiss person: Another Video about a weird firing range in the US  The Video: Not in the US
The gun haters will not be happy with this.
Still doesn't seem like a great idea because you can only train in the laying down position.
Cars and cows as targets, seems ok
Ahh, showing a mate with virtually no understanding of guns that it won’t just walk around and shoot you. Glorious.
Switzerland shows that widespread responsible gun ownership is possible and also often shows that broadly socialist policies are viable as well, but I think the lingering problem is that Switzerland is relatively so much smaller than the United States. That doesn't mean things possible elsewhere are impossible here, but it does pose a unique problem that is both as interesting as it is difficult.
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership. I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified." Dang... atta boy.
Training is the answer. Not “gun control” aka disarming the citizens.
americans learn from this pls.
I'm sure Bloke On The Range shoots here.
Just in case anybody else likes statistics too. In comparison, according to a wikipedia entry the US has, more or less, 393.347.000 registered firearms [on 325 million inhabitants in 2017 so 1 gun per 0.8 citizen] and 39.707 firearm related deaths per year (cdc.gov). So every 1 in every 991th firearm will cause a death. Using this man's statistic of 2,4 million firearms [on 8,4 million inhabitants in 2016, 1 gun per 3,5 people] (which is an estimate, because firearms registration changed in 2008 when Switzerland joined Shengen) and an average of 2,64 [3] gun related deaths per year 1 in every 800.000 will cause a death in Switzerland.
Hopefully there are no quadruple-level buses in Switzerland
brilliant video Tom!
I drive through this road every week. I supposed i never thought about how i could get sniped anytime
And there’s me hanging out the sunroof
Its almost as though white ethnically homogenous countries don't have issues with gun violence and crime.
My brain when I saw the title and thumbnail: 💩💩
Hmm I wonder why Switzerland doesn't have gun crime
This wouldn’t fly on America because some jackass would inevitably take pot shots at cars.
There's one like this in Switzerland but instead of a highway it's over a small road where people walk. I was walking with my dog and even if i knew that there was no way getting hit I walked very fast cause when u here the shot ur just too paranoid 😅
In the US a ranger will chew you out or give you a ticket for shooting across a road.
This is not safe. I'm saying that as a person who has had that happen as I am a master of sports in pistol shooting and shot approx 100.000 rounds: in an event of a misfire the bullet can semi-explode, bursting at the bottom of the lead capsule, which caused my pistol to break in 3 pieces so that my face and arm are covered in gunpowder. This causes the bullet to leave the barrel at much lower speed than anticipated so it ended up about 2 meters below the target at 25m range (it dug into dirt). Add possible ricochets and it can really end up on that road. If I had this happen in my personal experience it can definitely happen on a constantly used range. Faulty bullets are a thing AND this was during a national championship so the Lapua's I used were quite decent quality.
What if a bullet skims the top of the concrete barrier and the trajectory changes to endanger someone on the road? I'm sure there are other fields in Switzerland that do not require personnel or members to shoot over a public road.
You don't want to get into the politics of guns but you post a gun related video.
I love it
Wow, such an interesting concept but makes sense. Proper training seem to (obviously) be what makes this safe!
So, train everyone to use guns correctly, give them that gun and your country will become safer and you'll have a great standing army :)
Poor cows getting the crap scared out of them constantly
Ive been there. I lived in switzerland my whole life and i sometime forget, that this can be weird for non-swiss people 😂🙌🏼
While firing from the prone will give you the best accuracy.  Learning to fire from kneeling, sitting and standing is still important, which you can't do at this range.  That being said, this range seems really awesome.
Learn English...
Say what?
Is this a repost I feel like i have seen this before
As an American gun owner, I hugely respect this heavy emphasis on training and safety
I wouldn't mind if america trained its gun owners before they gave them one. I mean real training that takes days worth of time.
As a non european, I sure have a hard time to remember which one is Swiss, Sweden, and Switzerland
The question about gun violence is in the end decided by the egality of the society. Gun violence, like all desperation acts is a social issue.
wow amazing fact ,thanks for share this one ..
Damn thats cool, but what about a richochet from someone clipping the wall?
No civilians should be allowed to own guns. The police and military are trained, loyal to the government, and exist to protect us. They are all we need.
Could you imagine someone trying to open something like this in the US
I live in Switzerland. Im also shooting and it's true we don't really have any incidents at all. I'm shooting since im 14 years old, in a so called Jungschützenkurs (hobby-motivated course for teenagers with army weapons and our gouvernment pays the costs). My greatest sucess was the 29th rank in group-competition with other young shooters in the swiss final. In our shooting range, we also shoot over a street, but we shoot about 30 meters above and we have a newer counting system. I think this video shows hier shooting is in Switzerland and it's really fun!
It’s a ludicrous set up possible by some simple common sense.
Easy to fix it so you can't stand up to shoot..... just put bullet proof glass that starts 3ft (1M) up from the ground and goes to the ceiling.
Reminded me of Bloke on the Range
Yikes. As a gun owner in the US, I am well aware that it would take a number of rounds of my most powerful caliber to go through that concrete. Logically, I understand when following the rules that is safe. However, it still feels wrong to me to be firing so close to vehicles and animals.
Don't forget to mention they have a mandatory military service in Switzerland. Makes a huge difference having the right training
Americans would find a way to be unsafe
Switzerland also has little to no thug culture and gangs which is where a vast majority of US shooting incidents occur. I'm jealous of the Swiss
Fair enough that you don't want to get into the politics of shooting and don't know a lot about the sport... But please don't use being British as an excuse for that! We have a very active and diverse community of shooters in the uk and a long history of involvement. I'd be happy to show you what it's all about!
This is not the only shooting range in Switzerland where you shoot over a busy road. Next to where I live there is the same going on (in Tuggen). I often nearly pooped my pants when I was cruising around with the windows down and all of a sudden this loud bang. Even after using this road for nearly 12 years I regularly get scared :D
And the cows just be chillin' and chewin'
Guys calm down the cars are NPC ..they respawn ..no big deal here
Might there be a problem if a very tall vehicle were being transported along that road, such as a yacht on a trailer, or a large architectural component? Do they need to warn the firing range in advance?
Unfortunately, It's actually his cousin, Maurice.  That dude was always getting all up in people's business and the parents invited him to dinner about 3 weeks ago when they got back from camping in that Dodge Ram camper Special Longhorn WideBody Edition.  Brian was just in the cellar so they tricked Maurice and laid him down then got Dr. Tran over to perform the tooth replacement and bone marrow surgery. They realized the fingerprints would be more difficult so they had to wait out the standard deviation timeline for decomposition according to the index model predictions catalog rendition standards of 1987.  This could of gone off without a hitch; however, if it hadn't of been for those pesky kids and that dern' dog, SCOOBY DOO!
Yes, great video, awesome safety, neat little targets, all that. But I just want to point out how nice it is for Tom's videos to have the main specialists speaking their native languages, even though they can speak perfectly good English (like the guy here). That's a lot of respect for the people speaking. Great work, Tom!
bussy
Zug massacre of 2001, but moving swiftly on................
Yay for conscription
Really digging the graphics for the target display. It's nice to see how enthusiastic they are while still practicing proper safety.
Nice to see the the legacy of William Tell still respected.
They didn't account for quadruple decker tour buses
And this video made it into the Swiss news ;) And it seems to be received quite positively. Thanks Tom
What about a bullet that clips the top edge of the wall. Couldn’t the bullet topple and fall sooner into the road? It would be going a bit slower but still enough to cause damage
No ricochets from the walls back at the targets?
Every citizen owns a gun and they have the lowest gun violence? Very interesting concept
0:59 Switzerland Range 80.000 rounds/year - USA Range 80.000 rounds/minute
One squib load away from a big problem😂
That's near my birthplace. Always cool driving over that road, but I still need to visit the range itself haha
Never go to war with an army who has a wine opener as a standard piece of military equipment.
Bloke On The Range did a video on this a while back, but didn't explain how the targets work. That's so freaking cool
I got confused when i heard him say 'Push' to send a round down range, nice shooting btw. We have electronic targets here at Bisley on full bore outdoor ranges here in the UK very handy for range shooting without optics, just wish they were standard on all range lane hire.
O.M.G. howé Power-Phull izz thatta
Too risky
It’s weird how I, as a Dutch person, understand Swiss German wayyyy better than just German which I had to learn for 5 years in highschool.
All that safety and not wearing eye protection.....hmmm
The microphone technique was cool
You need to keep your eye in more before looking where u hit straight after a shot. Will be more consistent
Yep, you can engineer a safe system. Guaranteeing things like only shooting from a prone position and firing weapons above a minimum bullet velocity keeps performance within that narrow band of tolerance. The Swiss don't have much open space so they must do this to provide the opportunity to meet the requirements of their laws and standards.
That is probably the coolest gun range I’ve ever seen
Americans watching this while their kid play with an AR in the background: "See! Guns are not the problem!"
Switzerland has more guns per head of population that then USA, but a much lower death rate and gun crime  Story goes that Jeremy Clarkson was once stoped for speeding in Switzerland by the police but  they said nothing about the machine gun sitting on the passenger seat….
today i have learned that swiss is a very annoying language.
who's this new Bloke on the Range?
This is definitely still unsafe
This wouldn't fly in the least bit in any U.S. state, but it's definitely interesting to say the least. Good distance range in tight quarters.
I thought this video was taking place in america😂
Those rona bucks sure buy them a lot of bullets.
The answer is clear: people have jobs, healthcare and don’t have corrupt political classes making decision for them as it’s a direct democratic society.
Awesome way to setup a shooting rifle when there might otherwise not be space enough. I am wondering if you hear the bullets fly over the street in anwy way
" I don't want to get into the politics"....immediately gets into the politics.
Good video, I think a better video would have been about how the targets work!
We went full IKEA a second there did we?
I can just hear somebody thinking - Challenge accepted!
Yes, Switzerland is a great example of related gun ownership statistics (deaths other than suicides). If we removed a certain group of people from the US, our numbers would be almost exactly the same as Switzerland's according to gov data.
The trajectory means it’s impossible to hit anything on that road  Bismarck’s 15” guns : challenge accepted
Guns can definitely be implemented to be bought by civilians but it all depends on how you do it. USA is a bad example Switzerland is a good example.
I'm wondering what about the sheep and cows and drivers, don't they get scared with all those loud shots?
Good story!
4:40 is the most important truth, people should think about it in every country.
Someone that talks about switzerland, i love it, as a swiss person😘
So when I was in the Marines I was stationed on MCSA Miramar. This base is the only one of its kind because, as I was told, we hired the same people to our rifle range. We use it for our annual rifle qualification, and on every other base in the Marines, while someone shooting,  someone else is done in the “pit” manually pulling a target down, marking the hit and sending it back up. It mostly worked. If you took a step back it wouldn’t you register your “standing” part of the qual and you got to kneel down and shoot.
I now fully expect in 4 months time to see Tom participating in Finnish SRA, or something more bizarre
Its the same reason Category R(estricted) licenses are so hard to get in Australia. The US Right uses Australia as an example of a country which had Gun freedom, revoked by the State, and all our guns taken away. Not true. We did have, gun laws similar the US, in most states, and in some, like Tasmania, possibly even more liberal. We also had around two mass shootings a year, give or take. Eventually we had a massacre in the Tasmanian town of Port Arthur, whereby Tasmania's liberal gun laws allowed a nutcase to get ahold of an assault rifle, and kill something like 36 people, and injure scores more. It was the worst active shooter incident in history, until Anders Brevik's attacks in 2011 in Norway.   In response the government implemented gun controls at the federal level, and passed laws to allow the States to bring all their state laws in to line with them, without having conflicts between the Federal and State governments. As a result, guns became incredibly hard to get, compared to what they had been. Still, it is easier than in many countries..  More, people seem to think this means we cant have guns, which is wrong. However, now, you need to have reasons, and in many instances before 1996, just wanting to own one, was reason enough, you got an easily procured permit, and went and got one, including pistols and automatic weapons in some places.   Most places scrapped access to Automatic weapons, but a couple of States did not. More, there is recourse for dispensation to have the license which lets you hold them, recognised by exemption in States which do not have the protocols to gain such a license in State.   So American gun nuts talk about how Australians cant own this or that gun now, thanks to the Right's media there using us as an example of 'State tyranny" but in actuality, since they have had a federal automatic weapons ban for decades in the US, we can actually own more than most US citizens can.   You can own an Assault weapon here.... if you go to the right State, and live, for the time you need to get it, and then show you meet the criteria.... that criteria is not only holding every increasingly harder to get lower category licenses, but meeting a valid reason threshold. Namely, for a Cat R license, being the curator or owner, or have intention to gather and be, a collection for public display and demonstration... as in a Museum collection.... or a specialist close protection and security contractor with personnel vetted, trained, and authorised to do such work, as in body guards who need to be armed, and may need have a sub-machine gun, or machine pistol, for the work, or be a anthorised trainer, with factory certified expertise in the wepaons you seek to hold, and be professionally engaged as such, in training police, military and private security personnel in the use and maintenance of such weapons.   This of course, requires whole crap ton of dedication and training, all kinds of paper work, and takes literally decades to achieve. Do so, and then you might be able to have your Cat R gun license and buy a machine gun, even in poster child of gun control Australia.....  .....because IF you DO go to all that trouble, to actually do everything you have to do, and jump through all the hoops you need to jump through, get all your clearances and lesser licenses, even relocate to live a new place for a time, and then meet the exceptionally high threshold.... you are probably the least likely person on earth to ever actually USE your weapons, at least outside those professional parameters. You might conduct a demonstration, you might train people on them, you may even have to fire it in a professional capacity as someone working say close protection work... but not for the sake of just enjoying the shooting of it. You went to a lot of trouble to get it, so if you have been deemed a 'fit and proper person' at every previous level of doing what you need to, to such a license, the powers that be figure you are highly unlikely to ever do something stupid once you get one.   If you were, you would be unable to demonstrate the ability to do everything you needed to do to get there.   It's a tried and true way of stopping morons having guns.... just make it so you have a lot of training, and follow a lot of rules, and file a lot of papers, and spend a lot of time, getting them. Psychos normally cant hack it, so there is less likelihood, be it Switzerland or Australia or any other places with such, any actually get a gun.
It's not Danke schön here, it's Merci viel mal xD
Who doesn't love the Swiss?
1:55 it's Schusswaffen, not Schutzwaffen. Schusswaffen = Firearms 👍
Saying *" Oops my bad"* in this gun range 💀💀💀🥶🥶
the best gun control is to live in a culture free of crybaby conspiracy boomers
Switzerland is one of last few sane countries left in Europe. Direct democracy is the way to go. Never change!
Switzerland is the definition of "if you want peace, prepare for War!?"
I think the main question is why over a road? You had to spend the money and time to make sure it was safe. Why not just build it where there is no road with cars that you have to make extra  safety measures
The old shooting range in Moudon (Switzerland) had its targets on the other side of a... sport aera, where children were playing.
And here in the USA thousands of slack jawed fence posts that are allowed to own a gun shower with them, stir their drinks with them, and when they're done playing with them, they leave them laying around for the kids to play with.
Interesting and cool, however I'm still glad  to be in the US where we are not forced to join the military or participate in mandated training to own a firearm.
Well you just made it into the Swiss newspapers!
I bet they offer classes teaching folks how to hide dead bodies.
i thought you HAVE to keep your weapon in switzerland?
Time to book a flight to Switzerland and change my nationality. See y'all in 10 years when im finally swits.
Is there no possibility of a light load (inadequate propellant) round dropping short and into the traffic? Still seems like asking for trouble to me...
i bet this is expensive as drinking water there
Wish we have those kind of targets.
looking at you america
Goes to show that its not guns that kill, and a society with most people armed in automatic firearms will not just kill each other because they have access to the tools needed.
confused in american
i love how Tom delivered the line "you will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore"
Reminds of the Hornberger Schießen in the blackforest.
Gun 'control' doesn't have anything to do with safety, obviously. It is all about total control of the population. If you didn't see it before, it should be clear now thanks to this so called pandemic.
This guy just deadeye'd a target 300m away with iron sights
So the statement is that there are only 1-2 weapon incidents per year in all of Switzerland, which is off. According to official police statistics, there where 24 incidents in in 2020. Another official statistic from Switzerland counts an additional 2018 suicides in 183, which are also incidents. Maybe factcheck your numbers. Thats a magnitude of 1-2 off, of what that bloke claims.
JF Kennedy training rage
'I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified' is exactly why we have a dying sport. Please look into the thousands of happy, safe shooters in Britain. Old and young, all genders, happy families.  4:33 We could make this clip a promotion for shooting in Britain. It's the same principles.
This is amazing. Love this alot. I support legal and responsible gun owners.
As a Canadian, I know that Big Government will always keep me safe. The only people that should have guns is the beneficent government and the criminals that don't follow the laws.
i used to watch on YT people speak about hystorical martial arts, so i already don't have bias against weapons
every human thats not a crimminal or mentaly ill should be trained and own a gun!
I shot at that range before :D
We have quite a lot of those here in Switzerland.
I refuse to believe the gun range guy is actually Swiss. His German was too understandable and clear.
I guess none of the guns ever used at this range have a low enough muzzle velocity to arc a bullet over the wall in a way that could end up landing in the road . . . still a bit worrying that a batch of cartridges might propel the bullets with lower than normal velocity and enable this to happen.
Now I know why people want to live in Swiss
fun fact: you reach about 95% of towns in switzerland within 2h of zurich. Yes, its a tiny country!
It looks no more dangerous than using a school, playground, or shopping mall as a range.
congrats Tom, you're officially swiss now! ;)
Relax Tom, the Swiss are are highly educated, mature with a ton of common sense and not a nanny state like the UK. If this makes u panic don’t come here to Texas.
The disarmament of any population makes the population easier to control. Furthermore criminals do not listen to laws to begin with therefore you make it illegal for regular citizens to protect themselves by outlawing gun ownership. Making guns as easy buying guns is also easy regardless of what country you're in. Criminals do not follow the law anyways so outlawing guns is not going to stop criminals from using them. All it does is keep a population easier to control
Thank you for this video. As a Swiss who has explained our system more than once online I'll just link this in the future :)
I can imagine someone driving by not knowing they are driving through a gun range hearing bullets wiz over them, thinking they are being shot at
If I ever decided to join a gun club, THAT"S the kind of gun club I'd to join.
isn't that just an American school?
Oh hell no, I ain't never driving or passing by that highway, theres always that one lunatic gunna shoot at the drivers lmaoo
Guns ain’t the problem, it’s stupid and irresponsible people
Did you know that in the UK a 2 year old is legally allowed to own and use a shotgun?
I've seen enough ridiculous shooting range videos to know that people rarely do what you tell them to do
Switzerland is an awesome place.
What happens if the rifle is not zeroed? Do they have a flat range to zero rifles?
A lot of people have guns here just like in the US but it seems like the people here have mor common sense
Tell me you believe in universal gun ownership without telling me you believe in universal gun ownership. Great job, Tom! And timely too. Some countries are unable to standup to the tyrants in government (that have all the guns by the way).
Electronics measure the trajectory and calculates the score but why then shoot actual physical bullets at all ?
I was hoping this was a regular road and Tom just had enough of traffic
“No projectiles can get through it it’s impossible” Demolition ranch: “hold my 50 cal”
I wish we could have proper fireams in england with the best firearms law and safety
But why?
This one is not the exception too, I mountain bike underneath a shooting range on the edge of Bern. As a Brit myself, it's a crazy thought but comfortable. Thanks Tom as always!
Weird how individuals with the right mentality, proper training, and gun safety etiquette can perfectly fire over a freeway and not cause harm. Almost like it’s not the gun that’s dangerous, but people that lack previously stated firearm ethics. Not to say firearms aren’t dangerous but they’re not just gonna jump up and start shooting on their own. In the wrong hands they most certainly are dangerous, in the right hands… nothing more than a tool.
this is so swiss.. europes texas
Learning something new and interesting about my home country. Not what I expected, but nice
And if they did make it there trying to find zig
Just watch out for giraffes in transit
I’ve driven under this haha, when I did, I was like….😐…this is different…
Good thing there aren't many double decker buses in Switzerland then
whats the range?... In meters :-)
A culture of firearms safety and training is what saves lives
What do you mean you were in Switzerland and I didn't know 😭
Switzerland once again doing things better than other places.
I wonder what our American friends think about this.
America has too much ego for this kind of gun safety 😂
James bond or Jason bourn movie can be made on this range.  Btw all I hear is shwezen soffen hoffen.
im sure its safe because they are safe, but of all the spots to put a gun range
For anyone getting really confused why a video you *thought* came out years ago just came out now: you're not psychic, you're thinking of the Bloke on the Range video from 5 years ago covering this same shooting range.  That had me freaked out I got Mandela'd there for a few minutes.
What is the range?  looks like about 300m?
Boring!! Bloke on the Range did this video 3+ years ago! But thanks for being more through and having a better production budget than him.
Ur in the local news „20 minuten“ 2 Millionen swiss people read it daly
I had no idea that they love guns too. Very cool.
Omg they have this in Chicago too
Is it weird that, as a dutch person, I can understand this guy better than most high german speakers?
I feel like "You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle any more" is almost like a polite version of LegalEagle's almost-catchphrase "Do not enter the well, the bailiff will tackle you."
Lucky bastards
Chris Kyle (RIP) died in a range. still a lovely video and im pro gun. but the bit at the end reminded me of CK.
That is the right kind of trust & responsibility.
Welcome to American gun culture
Bubba shows up with a 50 cal... "Hey, y'all, how thick is that wall again?"
obviously not Newark NJ.
2.4 million guns in the country?  "Those are rookie numbers, you gotta pump those numbers up."
you know how at golf ranges you try to hit the guy driving the little ball collection cart?
This place looks like one of those Hitman level. The target will pass this road at around 1500. Good luck agent 47.
Your choice of targets: stationary or moving
One of the possible exceptions to this is slow calibres like .22LR.  It is quite possible for a .22LR bullet to clear the barrier and then start dropping rapidly after that to hit one of the cars below.  I'd be shocked if this range didn't have a ban on .22LR to prevent this kind of problem though
firearm's are safe, its humans that are dangerous
You don't hear much Swiss German out and about. Definitely a highlight of the video.
You can't shoot across a highway and say it's safe because, "we have training". Dumb. Friendly fire is a thing in the military too bud. Sometimes all the training and respect doesn't matter.
Based Switzerland
Ummmmmmmmm, alot of people are killed ever year from ricochets. Just a matter of time a bullet hits a rock that has slowly been exposed from all the years of bullet impacts and its also crazy to think about the US and think about all the gun related crimes but we do have over 300 millon guns so if you do the math its not as bad as you would think but its still a cool range and targeting system.
4:33 Great point. By the same logic, banning firearms only takes guns out of the hands of the law abiding amongst us. Criminally minded individuals won't just hand their guns over just because someone signed a piece of paper. Why people don't understand this I just don't know.
Thank you Thank You for showing this. I was taught by my father and I am teaching my kids. Our entire family has shot thousands of thousands of rounds and never had an incident
always always always wear eye protection
I’m happy they explained how the electronic targets work. Good video.
It all makes sense and they have a clean track record for so many years, it really is amazing! However I can't help but feel a bit nervous that in the event something doesn't go as expected, there's very little in the way of preventing harm in that situation, like: what if a defective round caused a weird tragectory? or caused it to shatter in mid air? what if someone or something somehow got onto that hill?
You just made a good argument for the NRA.
With the concrete wall it wouldn’t be possible to hit a vehicle on the road unless someone got out of position and did it on purpose.
wait is tom scott making the case for a well traind mili... wait no I ment populus. also go into literally any gun range in the world you will be thrown out if you break any of the rules tom mentions.
Damn!  Tom Scott is now a trained sniper!
3:07 *stares in ralthus*
Wear ballistic safety glasses, you’d think that would be a given in gun safe Switzerland.
All fun and games till the 50 cal punches a hole the the wall
I lived in Switzerland for a couple of years I am an American so I can say this. The swiss are a lot smarter as a general population than Americans That’s why they don’t have as much gun violence for how many guns they have in the country.
I don't even know if the stuff you cover will interest me but your non biased journalism amazes me being from the States. Wish we had reporters/journalist like you.
Sweden hasn’t embraced much diversity.  US has tons and tons of violence
I can think of one specific reason why we can't have something like this in America. Let's just say that it's something training can't fix.
It's the same in the US if you go to a well ran range. If you do anything sumb with your firearm there are plenty of people around you to put a stop to it. Good firearm owners hold each other accountable because we don't want them taken away.
Awesome - the SIG is a great rifle.
Sure, it's safe. But why put that around the highway?
Makes sense. I'm sure a club membership expensive and not following the rules is a very quick way to be kicked out.
I really liked the neutrality of this video. Thanks for that buddy.
I will never drive over this road 😂
Its nothing special it has a wall in the way so even if you wanted to shot a car you cant.
Amazed that so many people haven't heard of the acoustic targeting system. We have used it for a long time at our range. Have to wonder what the people think if they hear the boom of the bullet as  it crosses the road.
Switzerland is a White country
I love that targeting system.
"I'm not going to get into gun politics" Lists all the sensible facts that support owning guns
Still seems a bit iffy
Like the length of this one, right to the point and very informative
Bruh imagine driving past being a foreigner travelling through switzerland to think some cartel has just began firing rounds after rounds at you
They're really flexing that safety record they got
They're going to send the British guy home with rifle boner. Nice.
I would watch the video about those targets and about how they work Never seen anything like that
Ah, the things you can do when your citizens follow common sense. The same set up in America would result in such a nightmare, yet the Swiss have managed it for 20 years! Good for them. Do better America.
I believe this is where bloke on the range makes most of his videos 👍🏼
I'd loved to do something like this in the UK.
Every countries citizens should be well armed to protect its homeland
America should take a lesson from this shooting range.
as an american, it's sad that brits have such ridiculous firearm laws. Everyone should be able to own and practice with and participate in shooting sports if they demonstrate the knowledge, know how, safety, etc.
unlikely isnt good enough
I wonder if a .22 short or maybe a 45acp carbine would have enough velocity to avoid the road.
"Training" you hit the nail on the head.
Road range!
we work in swisse.. thats  just stupid
That's kool. But Texas has the world's largest independently owned population of armed citizens. Fact.
Love this so much from North Carolina
Meanwhile America over here having more firepower in gangs than the entire nation of switzerland
0:27 I don't even have to hear an explanation of how this is safe. I am sure it's safe in "common cases". But what about edge cases? No thank you. This seems unnecessary and stupid in my eyes.
It’s been safe forever, right? Why not toss them an American to show them how unsafe it CAN be
What if someone stops the car to have a piss and decide to climb near the targets to check them out xD
Wish I was born in Switzerland, in my homeland there are few shooting ranges and plenty of gun violence
And what if you hit the very upper corner of that wall? The bullet can get deflected or split on that, right?
I would trust Swiss gun owners more than any American gun owners for that reason.
Electronic targets were really great when I used to do 50m small bore and 10m air rifle. I only ever experienced using them when competing at the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs and West Point though. I wish they were more common.
When they said 80,000 rounds get fired at their range per year. I probably shoot 80,000 rounds every 3 or 4 months..
As an American gun owner and son of a gunsmith and instructor, I love this.  I've just added another place to go on my bucket list.
I love these videos so much
“No rounds can get through the wall” Well I think the DM53 APFSDS round most commonly found in the Leopard 2A6 can make it through there, it can penetrate 653mm or about 65.3 centimeters
It's only a matter of time. Murphy's Law.
I can almost hear someone from Texas saying hold my beer about that inability to shoot through the concrete statement.
They don’t wear eye protection in Switzerland?
Let's just introduce 1 mil latino, 1 mil blacks, 1 mil asians to swiss and see what happen then? Swiss is very homogenic country where else US is not and also have way more people and guns to add to the problem. Look no further to Germany, Sweden and few other Nordic countries where different cultural backgrounds intersect.
OMG you're the computerphile guy!
Something about that does not seem safe.
Imagine if tanks and artilleries have firing ranges like this.
Seriously there is a buffer screen before the road so if you shoot low there literally is no chance a low fired round could hit a car; I see no issue here juts good planning.
As an American, all I gotta say is, nice. This is badass Switzerland.
I think the pandemic has thought people the importance of multiple streams of income, unfortunately having a job doesn't mean security rather having different investments is the real deal
wow this might be the dumbest thing i've ever seen
Swiss gun owners are highly trained and disciplined, American gun owners are just people who own guns
Extremely cool and awesome! What rifle calibers are used at this range\facility?
A person I know has UK guests every year for business. Their annual tradition is to shoot guns in the backyard.
I hung my head.........
If we had these in America people would be going crazy about the lack of safety
This is the video where i got exposed to your channel... and now im a huge fan and have been watching all your episodes for the last year
They have a good healthcare and social security system there, so less people are tempted into doing crime as well as just being a different culture there. The guns themselves arent the problem, its how the government treats its people that make people do harm with guns. The UK still has a high crime rate, its just with knives instead of guns. I will say threat of a knife is easier to deal with, compared to a threat armed with a gun. Banning guns is like putting a band aid on a gunshot wound.
But why put the range there?? Was there no other location without a road in the way???
Lmao bro just shoot the gun
rounds cracking above your heads is an unique experience
See America it's not so hard.
Now lets all take a minute to imagine if this was in America..
As a native and proud Texan,I completely support this and encourage more people to try training themselves and others to use firearms safely
if you are an english speaker & want to know more about shooting in Switzerland (including more specific info about these kind of ranges), i highly recommend the youtube channel "bloke on the range"
"you will very rapidly NOT be holding a rifle anymore" is ... an understatement I think.
what about a big double decker bus?
permits and fancy shooting ranges are a great way to keep firearms out of the hands of the poors. * great video and shooting by the way.
Protocol is great, but what happens if someone gets drunk?
I'm British (raped one third of the world, bitches about Switzerland gun laws)....
2.4 million firearms...rookie numbers
Edwin Karlen looks exactly like the actor Donald Pleasence from Fantastic Voyage.
It is a FACT that in the 20th. Century alone, governments killed (democide) in excess of 256,000,000 people directly, and killed in excess of another 64,000,000 people indirectly during their wars. That is more than 320,000,000 people in a century, 100 years, 3,200,000 per year, 9,000 per day.  It is clear that guns don't kill people, governments do.
What are the diversity levels like in Switzerland?
we have these in America too, but the cars are the targets.
The statistics the United States will never have
Old news. Saw this place 5+ years ago
2.4 million. Rookie numbers. We need to get those numbers up.
Someone send this to the democrats in America.
Tom you would love Battlefield Las Vegas
"no projectile can get through it, it's impossible" Americans with 50 bmg AP rounds "is that a challenge?"
Shocking.  So you're saying if you make learning about guns compulsory, and everyone owns one, gun crimes go down? What a mind boggling revelation.  It's almost like the whole idea of gun control is actually about control of the populace.  No, that can't be right... my programming says otherwise.
Had to turn down the volume and just put on closed caption. That fool didn't even know how to speak his own language
I guess the Swiss don't think owning a gun constitutes being free
The thumbnail reminded me of that one jumpscare video where it follows a car through the hills then disappears when the camera pans over for some reason...
Switzerland has high gun ownership, but don't they have to keep their ammo at the range?   Maybe I'm mixing them up with another country, but I know there's some country in Europe that bars you from keeping ammo at home, just the empty gun. Which seems kinda asinine and pointless to me. Why have a gun you can't even use to defend yourself?
This is like cousin Kennie's home range, except his is level with the highway.
Switzerland seems like a bunch of slaves. I can load and unload my gun whenever I want and I don't plan on shooting anyone who's not trying to kill me haha
It's all fun and games until a decuple decker bus comes by.
This video has been done alredy
The highway is in spectator mode
The range is safe because: a) Hans and his Panzerfaust are banned b) Vladimir and his DShK are banned c) Bill and his fully semi-automatic 200rnd beltfed *silenced* buckshot nuclear revolver are banned d) Mr. Miyagi and his chopsticks are banned
That’s weird, shooting prone is my least favorite position in rifle shooting and that’s all they got at that range? Sitting is ok, but I like just standing and holding it.
I was thinking about golf..
Very cool range, but why not build a slightly taller wall?   If they had done so, shooting from a bench or even standing positions would have been possible with the same degree of safety.
Oh so they're snipers, that's why, they don't just walk into an enclosed area guns blazing. They do it from a distance
Remember seeing this on a Bloke on the Range and a lindybeige video
well thats kinda annoying. only prone shots?
America is so young of a country… we need to LEARN from others
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS VIDEO  My grandpa told me this place existed and I told him NO WAY!! Glad I can show him this video and remind him it's still going!
Hmm, there is also a skeet range at Luke Airforce base here in the USA that has you shooting at the runway
Here, the only requirement is cash. All the rest is optional!
This video really got me thinking of everything that sets Switzerland apart from a country like the US...
Meanwhile here in East Texas I can call the cops because my neighbor is discharging a firearm while yelling in their backyard, inside city limits, and they ask me if I saw the gun….never responded.  😛
So in theory if two bullets collided in the air above they could knock each other off trajectory? Just bringing murphy's law into it
why is that video so noisy
so theyre just hoping that no one stands up with their rifle.. great security system!
I'm learning Hochdeutsch right now and hearing this guy speak Schweizerdeutsch is *bReaKinG mY bRaiN*
Here in NY I’m a member of a club that shoots more than that in a month, and also, zero incidents. Gun clubs are the worst place to be dumb, you’ll get shot or beat up and that’s before police arrive.
3:08 demolition ranch where are you
Everyone should own a gun It'd be a much safer world
I wonder how accurate the electronic calculations are
Ayyye, Bloke on the Range went here
I believe something similar should happen in all countries.
I love the fact a dude from Britain understands gun safety more than the democrats
ok.. but are the cows safe???
damn that video destroyed the us like it's nothing  go to the army for a bit, *deserve* your gun
Giving a rifle to a British guy is like giving a government to the middle east.   It's dangerous and irresponsible.
Oh I see, the Swiss only have a couple of accidents a year with the defensive weapons. Let’s give them those assault weapons and see how many then!
its not a gun problem its a people problem.
Followers of Bloke on The Range be like. Hey I've seen this one.
I thoroughly enjoyed the video. Loved the lack of politics In it.
Love this setup 👌 this is also a great example of how proper training and mindset keeps everyone safe.
Next up:  The shooting range where you fire over a shooting range
It's so nice to when you don't have to read the captions :') I live here and didn't knew about rhis range. Though, I'm not surprised Switzerland stands out with their guns and ranges.
So its NOT possible for even a defective load to launch one with such a velocity that it clears the wall and falls to the level of the traffic?
The Girls Scouts have seen more combat than the Swiss Army.
Well now that it's been put on YouTube, some a'hole will try something to get himself on the news...
I thought these targets looked familiar, it's cause it's in my country (also, welcome Tom!). Definitely, the military training is a major reason why there are much less accidents with firearms.   It's also worth noting that we are an overall wealthy country where the income disparity is not too extreme. We have a solid enough social safety net, and a decent education system, no matter where people live. This means that comparatively fewer people are desperate enough to need to commit armed crimes to survive.  Most shooting cases we hear about are related to domestic violence, or people who have severe mental health crises. On the mental health front, we could probably improve our track record if mental health assistance (psychologists) were covered by health insurance more readily, and if there was less of a taboo in talking about mental health (especially for men).
Me: successfully shot a moving target. Everyone else at this shooting range:O.O
I was mostly wondering about a truck driving by with a large load, like a wind turbine propeller, but perhaps that stretch of road is height limited by tunnels or something? Still would hope they'd have a system in place, or at least a sign or something.
so don't invade America, and avoid Switzerland as well. got it.
No way this would be here in the US. People would probably mess it up for everyone within a week. Even some military folks are not disciplined enough to follow those rules.
I've never seen a range like that...
If only USA was like this?
Swiss people: is this safe? Gun range: i couldnt care less
Finally :3 Youre in the News in Switzerland 🇨🇭
2:39 - rain drops. Not bad shots, that create debris to the traffic.
neat
Switzerland are an example of gun ownership, rest of countries of this world can learn 1 thing or 2 about this country, guns dont kill people, people do.
well it is a cultural thing. In the US you can get a gun at Walmart in Switzerland it is more like a process to get a driver license.  We had a colleague from Switzerland that worked in Pfizer that came to Dallas for a course. We was astonished with the gun culture here. In his words in Switzerland gun ownership is a sport in the USA is a cult
Typical Switzerland, even the gun club is in stunning scenery.
being born in switzerland is like cheating
Only 2.4 million firearms that’s crazy living in America is so weird compared to other places
Switzerland: Bullets flying safely over your car.  United States: A balloon pops and entire cities stampede.
This is a fascinating video in several different ways! The setup of the building, the sound-based targeting system, the overall responsibility of firearms for folks. Thank you for sharing!
The only question I had was what if someone grazed the top of the wall, I feel like that would be the only way to break the trajectory line
Today I learned that Switzerland is so small, there's no room to build a rifle range except over a busy road.
Love that accent!
In hillbilly land I’d predict at least dead cows.
How about roadkill? Switzerland: nope, we don't do that here
Dayum tom in switzerland
I think we all underestimate how awesome Switzerland actually is as we never really hear much about the place.
"About two hours from zurich" So... anywhere in Switzerland?
USA: Every dumbass should have a gun!  UK: Everyone's a dumbass, nobody should have guns!  Switzerland: Maybe try having sensible rules and training?
I clicked on this thinking it was a golf range...
This must’ve been where crimson alpine trained
Everybody's talking about the cars being hit, but nobody is talking about the cows. 🐄
I shoot over sewer, fiber lines, telecommunication and gas lines all the time, never hit one. Crazy huh
they have guns but no ammo….
I remember this place I had my grandparents lived in the region Erlenbach and I do that route hundreds time but i remember also this is an old shooting range because I know this place from the ‘80.
I once saw you in an airport
WCGW?
All fun and games until a double decker bus comes along
What if a bullet the barely skims the top of the cement barrier causing it to reduce in speed enough to dip down towards the road?
Would have thought it was in the US …
Imagine a squib load barely clears the road and clips a driver
Look on ground level at the angle. Do you know the average velocity of a bullet? Hmmm. Now why did I say that?
Guns don't hurt people people hurt people  - Stan Smith From American Dad.
I was there a few years ago.  I even walked alongside the line of the shooting and listened to the bullets whizzing by with their loud supersonic booms.
Damn im from swiss and i know the place, but in swiss most of people who have firearms are most likely hunters or people who live in mountain areas like Graubünden in the City are less, or the ones who keep the weapon after military service
Key word being "responsible"
"... so in that sense it's safe." - the recognition of risk a much more mature attitude than the 'guns don't hurt people, people hurt people' espoused by certain firearms enthusiasts in other parts of the world. I just wish it was reflected worldwide.
By chance it's not in USA!!!!
It made me smile when you said "Danke schön"
I believe firearms training should be something taught in school around the age of 13. Maybe start it when sex education starts in the country. If kids are being taught how easy it can be to create life, they should also be taught how easy it is to take it and the consequences it can have.
My respect for Switzerland just went up two notches
Who knew Gav from 2 pints of lager and a packet of crisps was Swiss!!
that guy was talking Dutch words also.. i dont get it. really weird to hear .
hi
Soldiers only train firing laying down there? That seems odd.
These cars are safe because it's just a skybox they aren't real cars
Im switzer
4:46 are you sure about that?
Education and duty. The Swiss have very good educational system and also an army (more correctly a militia) which is part of a national military service. You can compare also with third world countries, which they don`t have good educational system and not national military service. Names I don't say, cause I don't want to hurt honours (if any).
3:09 impossible you say?  lemme just get my 80mm arti and see how impossible that is
My dutch ass could almost completely understand this guy. Its just german/dutch but drunk!
....... is this a reposted video?? i SWEAR I saw this before about a year ago
Would it theoretically be possible to hit a flying bird and have the bullet ricochet/change direction down into traffic?
if this was in the u.s. , some loonie would light up the road within a year
So if I had lived in Switzerland, I could have been given free training in the form of military service, could buy my SIG SG off when my service is done, and get paid for it while doing so? Thats it, I'm moving.
It's actually not that uncommon to have a shooting range here in switzerland which goes across a road or a river. Of the maybe 4 non-military shooting ranges I've yet been to 2 are across fairly busy roads. Of course both have concrete walls to block direct line of sight to anything but the area close to the targets.
Ban rifles
This guy is speaking dutch and german at the same time
Just drove under there yesterday😄
Brits had guns before we did. We just… do them better. 😄🇺🇸
Bro how does a dude that doesn’t even know that iron sights don’t magnify shoot better than me 😢
Ok sure, it doesn't hit the road, but why? Why risk it lmao.
Stupidest idea I've ever heard in a while who thought that whoever did is an idiot
I like how Tom said "about 2 hours from Zurich" as if not every town in Switzerland is at most 2 hours from Zurich.
Remind me not to go on the local open top bus tour
America cant relate because its the same for the intro. A lot of people own guns and a lot get hurt! (Useally in school.)
Grüess gönd use a alli us de Schwiz
As a native German speaker I’m enjoying these videos lately - and especially this one because of the Schweizerdeutsch ;)
There has to be some way that a bullet could clip the wall and end up in the road. Very improbable. Nothing is impossible.
How long are you stayling Switzerland? 🤗
What about an ignorant hiker?
My two favorite countries are Switzerland and Japan, due to their public safety and common decency that nearly everyone in their society partakes in.  I think the nearly everyone in the US has lost that value.  Everyone here is about what you can do for ME ME ME.  I would say, let's go back to that but it is very questionable wether we ever had that to begin with.
Neat
What if one round is a cold load and drops just after the wall but before the targets?
you know somethings about to happen when you open with "i dont wanna get into politics"
It's almost like guns themselves don't cause gun crimes. Who knew?
Be like Switzerland.
If someone wanted to shoot a car it’d be much easier to walk out the gun store and shoot one than joining the club
Having bullets pass near you or hit around you is very...uncomfortable.
One problem here in the US is most gun ranges can’t survive without some sort of insurance policy and the NRA is one of the few organizations that will insure shooting ranges.
Hopefully one day we will have the same liberal gun laws all over Europe❤️
“Remember, never point or fire your firearm in the general direction of another person… unless you are laying down…. And that person is Swiss…”
Americans definitely should watch this video
i would prank (shoot at) the car
Not really related to the video, but I’m Dutch, failed at German-German but Swiss German I somehow understood perfectly! So that’s neat
I swear I've watched this video before or something. Getting mad Deja vu from it
I love how the guy referred to the guns as defence weapons. Very unlike the outdated career politicians in the US that label them as assault weapons to make the uninformed population afraid of them.
In Zuerich City there is even a half day holiday just for celebrating shooting when you are young! Knabenschiessen its called :)
Romans 10:9, NIV: "If you declare with your mouth, 'Jesus is Lord,' and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.💖💖💖
This is CRAZY!
Guns are are safe. Paranoia isn't.
This is a reupload right??? Not mad just having major deja vu
Whaaaat you were in Switzerland? If I would have known, I would have driven there to get an autogram
What if there is someone on that hill?
Thank god no Americans can experience this at the safety of their country
Swiss are so cool!
and why can't we get back to this in the UK? so much anti-gun propaganda. all i want is to enjoy a sport but its almost impossible to get in a club as they are all rammed full.
Imagine walking down the road and just hearing bullets wizzing over your head
But why?
I'm Dutch and I can almost completely understand what the Swiss person is saying even though my German is quite bad 0_o
Really cool place, thanks for showing us Tom!
only thing that sets me off is that animals could be hit since there's literally a forest
Me who lives in Switzerland should add that there is in almost every village such a shooting range. And even my grad-father has a rifle standing in an corner of his office. I guess its that safe because you only get guns with a special license and can’t just buy bullets but get them at the shooting range.
Say, if you do like my uncle. You make your own silencer in the machine shop you work in. You get trouble with a prototype that   gets launched over the fence. It might hit the road.. Here in norway i know about one range where you dont have a wall like this one, but it's much higher and the road is much closer. So the angle is within safety margins
Nice shooting! Did you have training before? I guess this is why you always wear red shirts. So the blood from your enemies isn't as easy to spot. 🧐
I am sure its very safe, but honestly asking, what about the sound into the road? is there a way to avoid people on the road to listen to gun shots and get scared?, maybe there is, but you didn't mention I think. But this isn't a matter of the road being in the middle but just close to it, I guess
I speak german but wtf was that?
Swiss is an combination between Dutch, German and Danish/Swedish. It’s really weird to hear, because I hear multiple languages at once
Very interesting and entertaining video! Commenting purely to show my gratitude and to help the algorithm! Keep em up!
80000 rounds a year? So average of 220 a day? Doesn't sound like much
based
80,000 rounds a year. I worked on a range and we have shot 80,000 in a day not kidding.
When I read the title I knew it had to be in Switzerland 🇨🇭
You DID, just perfectly sum up the pro-gun argument in the US, and why we oppose MORE gun laws:  "If someone wants to do harm with a gun, this is not the way to do it... (Doing everything legally) ... and then deciding to throw all that away to take a potshot at a car just once?"  Of coarse... this relies on "What if you decide to point the rifle at someone?... you will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore"... Which relies on less restrictive concealed carry laws (like the outright ban for most people in many states)
Did lindybeige make a video in this gun range?
There's a big wall blocking any angles of bullets hitting cars. Don't need a big video for this like it's something insane.
Watch the Bloke on the Range video about this range for more info and good info on firearms in general
The person who just broke down and decided to have a look over the wall 😵
Cool range. The state of TN has more firearms than Switzerland
off topic but as a german i just wanna say swiss accent makes me rly aggressive
This should  be illegal  I'm not against guns but this is extremely dangerous
They have friendly fire turned off in switzerland, so they can't harm the cars.
Profesional Schwizer here
A real Sig 550 is so rare and expensive in the US. I'd love to be able to shoot one at a range like that.
Just shows the difference  in mentality In Swiss and Australian  government  or police
Guns are the great equalizer, everyone should be properly trained on how to use one and everyone should own atleast 1
Respect for the firearm, training with firearm and common sense. like a swiss watch it only works if all are in sync.
America take the hint
The Target system is awesome btw, reminds me of Fallout VATS
Cracking video…
On this episode of nice things we can't have in America:
“I’m British. I’m not exactly qualified”  Is one of the funniest lines I’ve ever heard
Still a lot of suicides though, and as studies have shown, means matter. Last time I checked, Switzerland is still #3 in the developed world when it comes to firearm related deaths. Right after the US ofc, which easily has ~5 times as much, and Finland, which is in the same ballpark as Switzerland.
You got Schutzwaffen wrong. It´s simple Schusswaffen, translates to shooting wapons
They have live cow targets too? Awesome
I drive there by everytime i go to my Father. I knew exactli it was this location. Greetings from Schaffhausen 🇨🇭
When I was in the Swiss Army we shot over a road, quite close to a farm. If you wanted to, you could actually hit the cars, or even the farm itself. But then again, it wasn't an official shooting range (only for military)
Error on the side on freedom.
thanks tom! never a dull video. kudos to the swiss
Those cows must feel that they are in a warzone
Germans are probably confused after hearing this guy speaking
I bet even gun worshiping yanks would find this range over a highway madness.
We do overhead fire on US military ranges too. In fact we do it in situations where the people whose heads are being fired over are very much visible, and even maneuvering, as long as the weapons being used are on properly set up tripods with proper limits set and we have proper points pre-planned for cut-fire on the maneuvering units.  But one of the things we have to do when setting up and planning one of those ranges is account for ricochet points between the shooter and the friendlies we are firing overhead of. Bullets need a much wider 45 degree fan after a ricochet point, meaning you have to account for a much wider area of possible impacts from the point of possible ricochet.  The top of that wall is a ricochet point. The area of road off to the right of the target points extends off to ranges well within the drop zone of ricochet rounds while being well within that 45 degree fan. So...I personally find the range a bit sketchy. Not actually because of the portion that travels under the intended bullet path, but due to the part that extends up and to the right of the target areas when accounting for the top of that wall as a ricochet point.  That said I'm sure the range is closely monitored and anyone that end up hitting the wall isn't going to be a member of that range for very long.
They couldn't find one straight and long enough place for a shooting range in Switzerland. 😄
At least nobody has been unhinged enough to fly a kite in a public place
Now i want to go live in Switserland!
3:29 the moment they both nod their heads in unison is weirdly wholesome
Imagine this dude headshotting a car driver
im sorry the what
I live like half an hour away from that place, and i can confirm that it's as safe as it gets, i regularly drive on that road and tbh, i've never even thought about the fact, that there might be any danger from it :)
Yay, glad to see Tom Scott in my home country!
but what stops people from claiming they technically didn't break the rules when they roll over and shoot up at a trajectory that will fall back down on the cars?
20years 80.000 rounds a year... 0 incendents... now that's something worth metioning
Ive seen this already Tom!!! Old news
swiss german is a cool mix of dutch and german
This is neat.
Gulp
I think super important to add, it's also illegal to own bullets without permits etc.
Lovely people lovely culture!
Living in Switzerland and your video is mentioned on the front page of our newspapers.
And I was there thinking, how do they read the hits? That is way to far away to get a lift or walk up there to get the target card.
That's awesome
Maybe we have so many shooters here, because we don't see shooting as a training to kill. It's not "Rambo Style bam, bam" - it's more handled like archery, but we use rifles instead of bows.  ;)
Holy crap, I'd love to know the science behind figuring out exactly the proper wall height to deal with bullet flight, and how ricochets aren't considered, etc. I imagine the top of the wall slowly gets chipped away from poor shots sometimes, they must reliably inspect that daily? Even rebuild it?   Very interesting!
Why is it safe? Because: Switzerland :-)
Your Swiss guest looks like Will Mellor's long-lost brother.
Love this guys accent speaking Hochdeutsch - could listen to him all day.   Thanks for another great video, Tom!
A bunch of gunnuts, and not neutral.
But what if a really high big truck drives along??
I am a German native speaker and I need the subtitles.
4:15  So... When a bad guy with a gun is surrounded by good guys with guns, it's unlikely for the bad guy to commit harm to others? 🤔  Politics aside, great video. Those microphone targets are awesome, I never thought of measuring projectile placement that way.
I've always said the violence in America isn't due to the weapons, it's what the kids are learning in school, and at home on media, rap promotes violence, and other media and teachings too. Clean up the input, the output follows
> 30 cm of concrete, so no bullet will go through that…  Not saying you are wrong, but there’s a whole section of YouTube that is dedicated to that and a lot of variation around that. I don’t think there’s a weapon that a human could carry that does, but if you give an A-10, they might end up close. Then again, a tactical support airplane in a shooting club, people would notice.
As a Finn I find it strange that they have an option to keep their service rifle after service. I just dont understand why that would be needed as an option
Great content!!!
I have two questions: 1. What if you hit the measuring microphones? Is it even possible? 2. Do people ever have to go where the targets are, maybe for maintenance? What are the safety measures then?
I knew by the title alone this gotta be Switzerland. It's quite common to shoot over streets here. Greetings from small cheese land😊
There are many more of these
Now I wanna live in Switzerland
Very interesting!
Another way of achieving low gun violence rates, and even low gun ownership rates, while maintaining relatively moderate gun laws is via apathy. Almost everyone in Slovakia, above 21 years of age, could get themselves a gun capable of killing people with no more than an ID card. But for some reason people don't. Instead, we stab each other to death just like they do it in civilised countries such as the UK.
I know the Israelis make their soldiers run 5 km before they shoot. Cuts out the giggly typese who think theyare there to have a laugh. No one is laughing after running 5 km in Israel.
Wow. That is fantastic. As always Switzerland leading the way.
watching Tom Scott learn how to and then use a firearm is definitely my favorite thing
despite all the talk and all the SOPs and safety measures, it is a foolish idea to have a rifle range like this. The idea must have come from some person wearing big boots, as brains are much effected by heavy big boots.
Ich weiss ja nicht wie die in der Schweiz so sprechen aber es wirkte sehr abgehackt.             War ein Witz
Switzerland: Military service is mandatory.  "War breaks out"  Also Switzerland: Declares neutrality.
Swiss gun laws VS american gun laws.......no school shootings VS daily school shootings
Guns interressant Tom (there's a bad pun there). I used to shoot and sometimes shoot pistol, is that allowed in Switzerland?
Hey Tom, today I saw an article about your video in a swiss newspaper!
Dieser Kommentarbereich ist nun Eigentum der Schweiz!
Shooting range over a busy road: That seems like a really bad idea, how hasn't anyone gotten killed yet?  It's in Switzerland: Oh nevermind
What about the crack that a supersonic bullet makes when flying through air? Can people in the cars hear the cracks? Is there like a sign telling people that they are driving through a gun range and should ignore the sound of gunfire? Or is it just expected that since military service is compulsory and gun ownership is widespread everyone will understand what is going on without having to be told?
Oh! I thought it was called America
But why is it there? 😅
what about light loads then its posible to hit a car !
*Ricochet*
Finally, a Tom Scott video about my country 🎉
Hehe 20Min hetmi do ane bracht
This has been a pleasant clickbait.   The road must have been built later , right?
One important question i was so looking forward to knowing an answer to is how did this situation happen at all? Was it a range that had a crucial road made just under it, or was it a range that... idk, felt the location is so cool that they've settled there despite the road?
Thanks for that video and your neutral reporting about the shooting sport in Switzerland 👍
The US needs this kind of discipline.
Also, having an episode dedicated to the physics/engineering behind those targets would actually be awesome too. Collab with another YTer, maybe?
Firearms truly are amazing technology, and a true example of human ingenuity. Humans, on the other hand, can occasionally be a bit of a disappointment.  Not in this case though, this is just fantastic engineering. Perfectly Swiss 👌
meanwhile america getting highscores in school shootings
I saw the title and new it's Switzerland
i feel like this is the best example ive seen of the fact that gun's arent the problem
Will they make it compulsory for women to do national service?
Also British and not an expert but gun control isn't the answer gun education is
im not worried about the cars and the people in them being shot, im worried about the cows
there is no way a bullet can stray onto the road, whats the big controversy? smart use of space.
Christ that target system is awesome, I just walk up to the poster afterwards
that's Switzerland...
*cough cough*
love the random cows
Isnt this just murder with extra steps?
Great video (and very insightful). Thank you!
1:58, he's not sayin "Schutzwaffen", he's saying "Schusswaffen" which just simply means "Weapons that shoot"    (I am from Switzerland)
ah the wonders of education, training and discipline, if only we could have that in the USA...
I speak German Fluently, you can talk to me in Kölsch, Hessisch, Sachsisch, etc. but I still had difficulty understanding Swiss German.
Logic, then safety
2:56 - The best American accent you've ever done
Switzerland showing how its done
This is on the front page of swiss newspapers
What about bullet hitting bird or some other unlucky flying object and getting deflected mid air? Any ballistic experts here? Is it possible hit road then? In my mind that could be more than enough.
I lived in Switzerland ( I will move back soon ) and the Swiss people are the most responsible people in every decision I've ever got to know.
Gun ownership is a human right
The following week seven people were shot dead while on a double decker bus going past.
Damn! You can be an undercover hitman and shot in a mooving target!
In twenty years there has never been an incident... 37 dead birds disagree.
No doubt this would have been considered, but what's the risk of ricochets coming off the back target wall?
Yes, you know... laws don't work for two reasons: they are not needed for those who already abide by them and they don't stop those who don't want to abide by them. That's why a self correcting system like the one on the video is way better.
I just love how I can understand everything and don't have to rely on the translation. German here :)
Seriously jealous of those targets- must be nice to not have to bring the range cold every few minutes to cover over old hits so you can actually keep track of where you're hitting.
The Swiss seem impecably good at taking things that require nuanced careful rules to work well and making them work well. Their assisted suicide legislation is another good example of just like... beuracracy done right.
Oh so yet another reason why invading Switzerland would be a pain. Everybody is armed and trained. Aaaand you know... explosives in the borders.
The SIMP disclaimer at the beginning
What we call "God's Country"
Wo sind mini Schwiizer?
I've met someone who's been to that range. A very different experience to here in Australia, where policy is set by fearmongering rather than science.
I am Swiss and was allowed to take one of these rifles home with me when I was 16 years old (at that time still the STGW 57). The army gave it to me on loan. This is how you learn personal responsibility that you certainly cannot enforce by banning weapons for citizens!
I am so stoked that I understood everything that dude said :3
Ha I'm from Switzerland! Cool to see a video from around here! But "2 hours from Zurich" ... that covers almost the whole country! XD
Absolutely, training is an investment and nobody wants to squander something away when they have spent time and effort in it.
Every Tom Scott video is gold.
So never attack us Swiss - we can shoot!😂😂😂
I read "bussy" road fml
You should go to la hague in Normandy, France, where there is a rescue boat on a turntable and it is launched on different boat slips depending on the tide
No, that ISN'T "safe".  It's really dumbass. Any faulty round could fall short onto the highway.
At my place there's a range, too. Tom, you should've come here. We're not just firing over an even busier road, we're firing over buildings and businesses as well. 😃
What I love most about this channel is that it's the only one I'm subscribed to that introduces me to a whole lot of unusual stuff that I never even knew existed, let alone have an actual interest in!
Love this culture, we could learn a lot in the UK from the Swiss.
Why don't they adjust the height of the building so that there is no way anyone can see road even standing up?
I think I've watched this before.
I mean, seems dangerous. But then again, bridges would seem dangerous to someone whose never been on one.
Congratulations Tom, you made it into the swiss newspaper :) I think there is another shootingrange where the target is across the street (somewhere in the kanton of nidwalden)
Being Swiss myself, I enjoyed and learned from this video. Thx so much Tom! Hope you are enjoying Switzerland so far.
Gun crimes in America involve illegal weapons brought through the boarder to be used in gang violence or guns left by the deceased and used accidentally. Most gun owners are well trained especially in safety. There are no politics about guns in rural home invasions. The reason there are so few rural home invasions is because of assumed gun ownership of the occupants. Take your politics and shove it.
Just hope top gear don't bring those tall cars down this road
Wer isch weg 20 Minute da?
What happens if one bullet hits just the top edge of the reinforced concrete wall and start spinning/deviating downwards to the road. ?
Tom Scott: British Sniper
Why do you always wear the red shirt? .... just asking out of curiosity...
Still seems kind of unnecessary tho...  Surely there is space for range that are not over a highway.
I drive once a week on this Road and im still alive😂
I've driven this road many times.  It's a bit scary when you hear the crack of the rifle behind you.
Someone would have to correct me if I’m wrong: but as far as I’m aware in Switzerland a lot of people have guns but very few have access to ammunition. Which is another reason they have low gun crime rates.
It is a very old tradition in Switzerland in deed. I am member of a rifle club dating back to the 15 century!
We need this level of proficiency and training in Australia . Switzerland leading the way with conscription and highly trained civilians .🇦🇺👍
Welcome to Switzerland, one of the nicest places on earth.
Very interesting, and a well-structured video!
What if the bullet slightly grazed the top of the barrier? Would there be a chance of it hitting the road? Maybe that's what happened with these couple of incidents that were mentioned.
Yes shoting range and guns is like national sport. Bat stil level of shoters is low. I explain why. On basics shoting level yes, from laing down positions and athers stacionar positions is ok. Bat when you nead shot in Switzarland tactical it is big problem. Becous for most of people's it is not aloudet. Only if you are police ore military then yes.
The targeting system is straight out of fallout haha
Are they allowed to have ammunition at home in Switzerland? Didn’t know they had that much gun ownership there wow
I love the raw facts and material that is brought to every video on this channel. Every video feels like I am back in school again taking a class and Tom Scott is the teacher.
Wouldn't be surprised if the position over the road has a tactical reason - in case of war, just tear the down the blocking wall and you can now aim straight at the street where the enemy is approaching.
You are in swiss newspaper now 😁
The fun thing about Switzerland is that each region has a different accent. So know both Swiss German and a fair bit of high German yet I could not understand half of what this dude said. Some of the words were pronounced like what I'm used to but I still had to read the subtitles to make sure I did. It made me laugh so hard because it reminds me of things I was told about other regions in Switzerland that I never visited and their accents were so different and I just took their word for it but I guess its even more different than I expected
2h from Zurich or just say in the canton of Bern…
Similar range safety for most sporting shooters in Australia. The majority of license holders shoot at clubs where safety is paramount (in fact the public liability insurance for shooting clubs is the lowest of any sport in Australia - because no one ever gets hurt or injured!). Unfortunately the media and both sides of politics have it in for us though 😡
Tom scott should have visited Tuggen in canton Schwyz there is a much more busier road where they shoot above cars. Next to Highway entry and exit. 😄
How old are you, Tom? I just found your 8 years old video
Haha, that's not Swiss German but a Swiss that tries to speak German German
if someone wants to cause harm with a gun, this is not the way to do it. You go to an American school for that
Hey Tom when was the last you checked your view count video
This place is around an hour from where I live and every time I pass it I can not get over the fact that I am literally driving through a shooting range! I think last time they were even shooting. So cool to see a Tom Scott video about this place!
4:47 "unhinged enough..." I don't think Tom has ever met an American before.
One of the least diverse countries on earth has high gun ownership and almost non existant gun crime *gasp* i'm shocked
I thought that has got to be the stupidest thing…. Oh wait. It’s in Switzerland. I trust them much more than if an American would do this.
It doesn't seem like you've shot much, Tom, but getting hits on 300m targets is no small feat. Nice shooting!
So you are telling me firearm incidents are caused by a faulty education system who, a fractured society which marginalizes people, illegal guns and not by law abiding citizens? Nuts!
Schweizer Käse
People kill, not guns
Guy: *speaks German in interview* Also guy: *speaks perfect english to Tom*
Tom, you should come to the USA.  A few ranges will let you try out fully automatic weapons.
There is an article about this video on the front page of 20min today. 20min is a free newspaper with a circulation of ~400k, which technically makes it the largest daily newspaper of Switzerland.
A Swiss shooting range over a road that won't turn commuters, into Swiss cheese
iuuuu
So if you shoot a light load can't it go over the wall and hit a car?  They may not allow reloaded rounds
Reminds me of the gun range I use normally, it’s a cattle farm,  some times we have to stop shooting and heard cows
Greetings from Switzerland :-)
this is soooo cool!
Didn't Lindybeige do a video on this?
There should be one of these ranges with free lessons in every neighborhood in the United States
That's gotta be the coolest range setup I've ever seen
As an engineer . . . They trust that the wall inspector / maintainer will keep it in good condition?
JFK would love this place
Switzerland.  The only country where French is an official language and rifles don't have a lot of damage from being dropped.
usa take notes
What if there are big trucks or lorries that are taller than the wall? Or the wall is already as high as possible to counter those heights?
I’ve had defective bullets that barely made it to the target, wondering whether there is case where the bullet just barely makes if over the wall but then ends ups in car.
Seeing Tom Scott shooting a firearm is the strangest thing ever it seems
Still freaky when you're driving by and hear that shot ya?
You said you are British. But it takes you 2.5 minutes or more to get to the point: You can't see the road behind the wall and you can't shoot anyone on that road! The only people known for being that slow are those who live in the Swiss district, called "Appenzell". Aber sogar die Appenzeller werden immer schneller. But even the Appenzeller (people) become faster.
How does the Pip-Boy know where you hit?
Can you cruve the bullet?
*Hurt by people using guns*
"Who would go though all the trouble to learn how to fly a plane then waste it all by flying into a building?"  Do NOT underestimate the desires and actions of delusional people.
Another factor is the standard ammo.  If this place allowed owner-made rounds there might be a case of a poorly fitted projectile in the brass case or a cracked case or an under-charged round falling short.  But it looks like it's all properly made bulk ammo.
But when they showed the targets, it seems like there's open access to them. That wasn't addressed in the video. What do they do to avoid animals getting hurt or killed, like a youtuber trying to pull a prank?
They use mic to measure location? Dang, i want a video of that
4:08 German people: Danke schoen Tom Scott: Tank shin
If I ever run away I'm running to Switzerland
THIS IS SOOOO COOOL!!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!
For some reason, the thumbnail reminds me of that one video where it’s just a car driving by and some green mf jump scares you out of nowhere
They also don't have democrat hell holes like Chicago where 30 gang bangers kill each other every weekend.
I support gun clubs, legal firearms and sports shooting but this is too much of an egregious risk. Why shoot over a busy road or anywhere remotely populated when there are other options? The possibilities that exist here shouldn't exist, regardless of the safety protocols or training
Mandela effect. I swear I've seen this video before.... Nelson Mandela wasn't in that one either.
The problem isnt the guns its who holds it
Mandatory gun training in all schools.
Gun safety should be taught in schools
They put the cows there so they won't run at the s ound of gunfire.
looks like a nice mission area for agent 47 if agent 47 had a railgun capable of piercing foot thick reinforced concrete. obviously 47 has x-ray vision with that instinct.
LMFAo nine seconds In and you already get a like from me
Electronic targets.... looked like a row of washing machines to me.
Bloke on the Range anyone?
Here in the US, the other members wouldn't stop you from standing up with your gun, they'd be doing the same thing and saying "only pussies shoot laying down". Probably be drinking beer too. And they'd sure wear clothes with camo on them, despite never having served in the military.  Murica
It is funny that this exists in Switzerland but is completely unthinkable in Germany. :D
For additional strangeness, how about listening to Medieval Swiss German. We live in an Amish area in the US.
now what if someone is transporting a  giraffe, do they have to send a letter saying not to shoot between X and X hours?
US vs SWISS shootout?
Mm if you only allowed people willing to serve in the military for a few years to own guns i would think firearm related incidents would be very very low. Maybe all gun owners should be required to serve..
remarkable testament of the Swiss society. not only they made such efficient use of the space, the range safety depends on their trust in their citizens to act responsibly
Those targets are insane!!
what if the bullet hits the top of the wall then loses enough velocity to drop to the road
how to get away with murder
Soo in order for country to have a good gun control for civilian use, we have to... 1. Put everyone as reserve army 2. Don't go to war (so you don't have that ptsd stuff)
666 dislikes.
so in Switzerland they do trust their law abiding citizens to own guns.... huh only if they could accept that in America...
I loved his language, at times it resembled some of our Flemish dialects here in Belgium, I think we could have a conversation each talking in our own language and still understanding the other.  Fun!  Thanks for this clip.
That’s amazing. Just the mere thought of a shooting range going over a public road would be considered insane where I live. Even if it was perfectly safe
I'll get into gun ownership for you. Ban bloody guns. Anyone who says they need one has played too much GTA. I don't care what the amendment says.
Training, licensing, permits,  is the difference;  In the US the NRA has it set up where any idiot, no training, no nothing,  can walk into a Walmart and get themselves an AR-15, 500 rounds of ammunition and all the other accessories necessary to do a mass shooting, anywhere, anytime they want.  Gun rights should be tied to responsibility, but not according to the NRA
The Swiss are the best! No wonder they have a high trust culture
😍😍😍
Nice shooting Tom! Awesome to see you make a video about one of my favorite hobbies. That is indeed a unique shooting range that would never be built in the United States.
I like how even when the people that appear in tom's videos know at least some english, tom still makes the effort to find a translator while they can use their native language on the interview. as a non-native english speaker, i know that i would be way more comfortable in front of the camera if i don't have to be worrying about having an accent or messing up words, etc. and i appreciate that
I would like to point out that it looks like Tom did have some authentic fun firing that rifle.
Isn't there the odd chance a bullet could scrape the top of the wall causing it to hit a car?  Very unlikely I know, but possible?
I've seen enough shooting range videos to say that, although unlikely, the bullet, or fragments of it and the concrete, can stray at the road if you hit the wall on the edge.
Im not very versed in bullet dynamics but what if you knicked the top of the wall? Is there any way that it could richochet in a way that could be dangerous?
All fun and games till some lad shows up  with an airburst weapon
700 years of brotherly love and all they invented was the Coockoo Clock, but don't piss the Swiss off.
"Breaking the safety rules when you're surrounded by military-trained firearm enthusiasts is not a great plan."  This is the concept behind America.
All well and good until a double decker bus drives along the road and the top deck gets riddled with bullets.
I guess those bullets are....grazing the cows....
Registered, so the government can take them when ever the want. Terrific. Still neat range.
normally I'd make a stupid gun nut joke but to be fair that road is 1000 times more safer than the average school 😏
Now I know why they always tell us not to stick our heads out the sunroof while driving
Now I won't be satisfied until Tom Scott finds his way into the back country of rural America in order to hip-fire a minigun like Arnie in the Predator.
really rare to find someone against gun ownership now, even over here in england
The USA saves money and improves marksmanship by making motor vehicles the actual targets.
Is this the guy that vaped and then chocked on it?
I love everything about this
Switzerland even does guns better than the us 😅
Hey Tom, a German here so it is possible that either the swiss are calling them differently or that the word Schutzwaffen was a deliberate spin on the word because the normal, German word is Schusswaffen, "shot weapon" if you so like, but again, could be that the swiss call it differently.
"We're so chill, cows graze around our gun ranges"
Everyone talking crap on American ranges , are forgetting this isn’t a pistol range . Rifle range is a different animal
It’s a rifle range. It wouldn’t fly if it was pistols.
clever gimmick
no safety glasses  ☹
I speak Norwegian and didn't have to look at the subtitles to understand! Swiss german?
Training is the wrong word though. Beyond basic firearms use it’s just target practice. You need an action bay or similar to actually train dynamic practical shooting.
Tom Scott comes out as a pro second amendment gun toting MAGA supporter!
Hey, Tom, if you still are in Switzerland, come over to our valley. We have 3.6 kilotons of unexploded ammunition n the mountainside. About the same amout exploded there in 1947, the village was destroyed. A movie about it is in cinema right now ("Mitholz"). You can stay at our place, you are invited.
Now I'm sure someone watching is gonna make that a life goal of theirs.
its what I say about guns in America, instead of telling untruths about guns they need to freely train people so there would be far less gun incidents. KNOWLEDGE IS KEY.
isnt there always a possibility of ricochet tho even if small and unlikely
its a really smart system for a range.
2:37 I've played enough bloons to know that you have to shoot way up in the air to get over walls
I want those electronic targets, those are so rad!
not the best place to take a double decker bus
I wasn't expecting Tom of all people to make me wanna try my hand at a gun range but life is full of surprises
Funny that. Firearms aren’t the problem, just people who miss use them…go figure!  Wonder how many people on this page agree with stripping normal people of firearms but 💁‍♀️
Didn’t lindybeige shoot here?
As a Dutch person i must say Swiss is a confusingly understandable language.
if this was in the USA people would say it was the dumbest thing ever and exemplary of how awful the USA is.
Surprisingly the most interesting part about this video was the Swiss accent. I've heard pleanty of folks speak German, but never with a Swiss accent.
Taliban:  We need 30cm thick walls on our houses!!!
I wish this had gotten into the why though, it just seems very unnecessary.  I mean you could make an argument about making the costs of mistakes extremely apparent in order to hammer the sense of responsibility in quickly, but I want the real explanation
Go figure.  Personal accountability and training equal good results.
This dude speaking german with a dutch accent in switserland?
Wow this is cool, I've had a competition shooting at that range some years back. If I knew you were in the area I'd have loved to treat you for a drink or a meal 😁  Also, if you ever need help with translating Swiss German again, feel free to drop me a line!
Meanwhile in america ,they  just start blasting
only takes one   ..  It's a strange location,, that's for sure
Who wants to go hunting?
Didn't expect the target feedback system thats just this casual super complicated air pressure system measured with microphones
I wonder if the drivers hear snaps from the rounds...
So if there was someone who wanted to go on a shooting rampage,  they would have the training to know how to handle the rifle to high affect.  And almost every household owns a gun. But it doesn't happen there.  Interesting.
What happens if a round clips the top of the concrete wall; it could then have reduced velocity, but still fast enough to cause injury, and drop onto the road?
i thought "psycho" from crysis franchise was british
The argument is not, good guy with a gun and bad guy with a gun, its more like smart, responsible adults should be allowed to own a gun, and stupid people who have emotional and or psychological problems and or people who are likely to loose their temper and kill innocent people, shouldn't be allowed to own a gun. They should be denied gun ownership  Simple, we can all agree, except those who want senseless killings to happen
What about a squib round ?
That is sweet !
I'm wondering just how high above the cars the trajectory is. Suppose someone stood on another person's shoulders on the top level of an open-top double-decker bus, after all.
The Karen’s in the US would shut this down in a heart beat
Keep it up Tom. Love the videos. Simple and elegant.
Could still hit a car. It'd just be extremely rare. So it's still a bad idea to do it this way.
Congrats on #40 on trending!
God between this and CERN I wanna move to Switzerland now
Haha that is amazing
It's funny how no one really mentions Switzerland's gun ownership and its low gun crime rates. Almost like its not about the gun but about the culture.
Clever
This is a very similar setup to the Whittier narrows target range. The window for aiming is so restricted that it's a safe way to shoot. And they only allow rimfire.
I think Tom Scott's awesome, and I was absolutely interested in this edition. But it makes me think about all the places that should be undiscovered, and here we all are with the internet
Literally all the training you need is on youtube and a local gun range. The couple hours you hung out in that range for filming is all you need to understand firearm handling and safety. We got to stop pushing this idea that firearms are hard to handle and scary.
If it were a golf driving range it would be very, very much more dangerous. And that's what I read in my head somehow when clicking the video. I should blame Tom Scott for disappointing me :P
More civilian firearms = less crime, period.
so stupid. How many hit cars & cows?
If there was to be a incident here I can almost be certain that it’ll be shrouded in conspiracy
It's all fun and games until a parade float drives by.
Most Canadian thing I've ever seen
“Whoops~ Seems like I accidentally hit a car again~”
Another thing to add to my list of "things to admire about Switzerland"
This is when manthomex's been on swizerland comic book art convenzion
As an American, I think we should all be trained for gun safety as soon in our lives as is reasonable. Start kids off with nerf and airsoft, teaching them gun safety in school. Then, gun safety courses with real rifles as part of coming of age. It could be done through the army since we still have that annoying draft. But the US is so deathly afraid of guns that it’s taboo to suggest everyone should know how to use one and how to be safe when handling one.
I'm proud to be swiss! Smile, shoot, cheese :-)
As nearly every village in Switzerland has such 300m shooting ranges (also as a part of the militia military system) there are many shooting over or along roads. The one in my village is exactly of this latter kind. It only has side baffles in the shooting stand itself but not along the 300m stretch to the targets. Which means the bang of the shot reaches you nearly head on, what makes a quite scary experience if you cycle along that road while they fire. Yet, it is perfectly safe. Another crazy thing is that in the Jungschützen program (a pre-military training program from the age of 15-20) you are issued an assault rifle like the one shown here (SIG 550) starting from the age of 15 and you take your rifle home. Since I was in that program 35 years ago I never heard that there were any incidents with those rifles although thousands of kids participate in that program every year.
The system for measuring accuracy is unexpectedly the most interesting part of this video.
I actually held off watching this as it looked identical to someone else's video.  I shouldn't have.  You covered this amazing place in your own way, and in different, cleverer detail than others.
Do the Royal Artillery still live fire over the M1 going through Salisbury Plains?
300m range, in case anyone wanted to know
Nice video but sort of misleading when it comes to the safety of American gun ranges. Any competent gun range will have these same strict rules, unless it's a private gun club in which case, use common sense and don't point your gun at anybody.
I just want to know do cars experience sonic crack while the projectile is flying over them.
Here in Canada I proudly exercise my right to open carry jelly donuts daily 😀
I'd be interested to see a study/analysis of gun violence in America vs. Switzerland, as it seem the Swiss obviously have a fairly high number of guns per capita, but much lower rates of gun violence. It seems training and culture play a big role.
but are there signs warning not to go off the road due to the risk of being downrange?
Yehhh, in America some idiot would shoot at the cars.
Imagine a zoo transporting a giraffe....
I wonder what the population censuses are for this countries drastic difference in crime…
Damn I really thought for a moment why not just have the bullet hit the sensor
Murphy's Law states if anything can go wrong, it will. Considering malfunction in bullet manufacturing, taller vehicle, etc
Bloke on the Range has an excellent video on this range if anyone is looking for more info.
Not bad but, why not place the targets a couple meters higher? Not to mention, there are variables; air borne road debris, birds, which might not get someone shot but could cause traffic accidents. It's not worth the risk.
As a person from Switzerland. We have 4 guns in our home.
Different culture there.  People are a bit more responsible.
once again very great and interesting videos :)
Guns don't kill people, people kill people.  No, seriously.  I meant that.  Sorry if it sounded sarcastic.  I actually happen to believe that.
Watch USA….
Important key words are: Gun safety laws Public healtcare Homogenous society Respect for your next
ha I knew this was switzerland...
You really need to zero your rifle in this range
You really need to zero your rifle in this range
Sill, not a good spot to go coach roof surfing :-)
I’ll just curve the bullet when I shoot.
1:20 Hmm now how could we turn this into a joke about the USA... oh we dont have to
Keep at it! You get better the more you shoot
Cant the projectile hit the top of the barrier, lose speed and hit the road? I mean, its very unlikely, but, every shot is a chance for these to happen
Everybody here thinking "I'm looking at you, USA!"
Tom: I'm British, I won't be diving in the politics of gun ownership Also Tom: Switzerland has shittone of guns but thanks to training and regulations it's so safe you can have this crazy shooting range and no accident ever happens
Omg, Tom Scott in Switzerland, yes !!! Maybe one time you'll come in the french speaking part... It's always very interesting to learn new things about your own country (even if it's the german part)
Now I kinda wanna see someone drive past it with helium balloons tied above their car. Bad idea, but funny in your head
Meanwhile Military ranges being put on check fire while military aircraft fly overhead. 🙄
Not many Africans there. I am sure that has nothing to do with the relatively small amount of gun fatalities though...
Bloke on the range already did a video about this very facility.
Seems like yesterday I started following this channel when it was at like 50k subs... woa
i need to find one of these target systems. very cool.
Wow.... how did anyone come to the conclusion this is a good idea ...f that
💙
Those Swiss rifles look really sweet, would love to have the opportunity to try one.
Seriously, the american idea of "gun rights" makes less sense than if they wanted a right to drive a car without a license...
They couldn't just build it somewhere else?
I live there. THIS NEVER HAPPEND BEFORE. THIS IS SO AWSOME
This is like walking in front of a gun at a museum, there’s no way it’s going to fire but it still feels horrible to stand there!
I wish we had the electronic targets when I used to go target shooting. Raising and lowering the steel target frames was murder on the back. In case anyone is interested, the supersonic crack of the bullets over your head was fairly loud.
Anyone who condones the private ownership  of 'force multipliers' - or who think the Swiss have it right, or this range is 'cool' is missing the point of why humans should not have firearms.    . Too many weapons in the world, with too  many morons owning them.   . And being British, does not necessarilly disqualify one from taking a stance.
Very smart. If Switzerland ever gets invaded the shooters just have to stand up.
The shooting range where you can train on fast moving objects, not a bad idea.
We have something similar in Québec, hiding below sand hills. You can't see the horizon.
If that were the U.S…
Grow weed there is too unsafe bullets ricochet R safer
Have we thought about the racial makeup of Switzerland?
Will you come to basel?
I've big moving targets
Is this a reupload?
When you sit on that much gold , sure you need that much of rifle .
You could stand up and have a quick snipe at someone on the road while no-one is looking. Probably not easy to line up a good clean headshot though, you're right you would just look for a better vantage point.
What about the cows? I bet they get spooked which is so sad :(
can you do a video on people that dislike your videos?
I wish more people in the US took gun safety classes and actually were trained to be responsible. In some states you don't even need a license, let alone training. I think citizen gun ownership is a good thing, but there should be rules.
You should visit Las Vegas, we just go out next to the highway and shoot at a hill. No walls, just vibes.
What happens iff a car goes by and someone fires
Switzerland is cool AF holy cow
what if clarkson drove by in his house? 🤔
who the hell decided to make a fire range over a road they must be daft
*Angry Americans have entered the chat*
Someone should do a study on if there is a direct link between proper firearm instruction and likelihood for someone to misuse a firearm. I feel like it's plainly apparent there is but it'd be nice to know if it was for certain or not
But Americans are against training on firearms for youth  because it would be safe and thats not American
The CMP Marksmanship Park in Talladega, Alabama has electronic scoring like this with ranges out to 600 yards
That system using the pressure waves from the supersonic bullet to give the precise location it hit on the target is actually genius.  I had always wondered how they got such accurate results in the Olympics and such without damaging any equipment, amazing.
A Texan here... always remember, good guys with guns stop bad guys with guns
Anyone else excited and fascinated more by the way the targets work than the target range itself?
In this life I've learned if there is magic it is within existence's ability to ride the razor's edge.
coksel
What about hikers?
Tom, you blew it on this one: there's nothing unique about this at all. Many, perhaps most Swiss rifle ranges are near other infrastructure and use walls like this.
Another reason why Swss is the coolest country ever
Isn’t that dangerous.
Meanwhile Americans would be aiming for cars like they aim for school children.
I don’t care how “safe this is.” It’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen
Do the soldiers not train with rifle in standing or kneeling position?  I'm a little surprised that a single position range is worth building but I really have no idea.
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership", makes content anyways. You want to film a place where they punch grandmothers?
Wtf this is like one of the top rules of shooting. Don’t shoot towards roads
I’d go there just for the electric targets
Hey! I have seen Bloke on the Range shooting here on his channel.
Love your vids, always entertaining, always educational and always well researched
What if bullet hit something mid air and split? then it would hit the cars no problem right?
Kudos to them as in gun naive countries people would definitely object even though there is no possible way for a car to be hit.
"You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore"  I can only imagine how. That takedown would look glorious. :)
Sooo, you're telling me the danger is not in the gun itself but in the hand holding it ? Damn I'll never visit the US again.
I get that it's safe but why take the (tiny) risk? Why build the range over a road? Surely, it could have been built just to the side or somewhere else completely? Weird - it's like they built it just for people to do videos on it :-)
What if the bullet ran out of enerhy just a little b9it, ot if a double decker bus was passing, or a float, so its not a good idea, my health and safety trainbing gives this a no, just move the target back and that all you need, or put a roof over the road, or make the road have a tunnel I think this is daft. The switz are a great people, but I think this needs my health safety clipboard
As a full-blooded swiss, accurate. Gun safety is for us tied in with just common sense. A gun isn't a toy, it's a highly dangerous tool. Follow some simple rules and that's it.
I’m moving to Switzerland.  Gun pls
This is the range where Bloke on the Range films some of his videos.
no way the bullets travel at 3x speed of sound. 2.5 at max at that distance and calibers.
Respect to you for not making this political. Informative, unbiased, and fun!
Living in southern Germany I've heard the expression: "Switzerland doesn't have an army, Switzerland is an army".
It's disappointing that most western nations have not adopted Switzerland's policy which nipped problems in the bud so to say
Friendly reminder that legal gun ownership is a fantastic deterrent for illegal gun ownership and gun crime ^•^ I live in the sticks in Mississippi in a very low income area with more guns than people on my road and I feel extremely safe and my area has NEVER had any problems with crime
My absolute favorite channel.
Today i learned I can understand Swiss German(?) with no problem.
Everyone should own a gun so the government can't bully us
6331
I think the fact that when it came time to shoot, Tom having a great time is proof guns are objectively fun when used responsibly.
If guns cause violence, then spoons cause obesity.
Shame we can’t be trusted in the UK with anything more than an air riffle (unless you have a very very good reason, sport not bring one).
Funny how you posted this today and last night I watched a forensic files episode on a poorly designed shooting range than caused a kids death.
In me country am love it
That's a perfect example for all the "oooh ban the guns" folks - guns should be available to anyone who can and wants to bear the responsibility of owning one, after the needed training.
That's a well made firearms politic, too bad that don't apply to other countries with high gun related mortality. In those place the best solution for now is to make more restrictive guns policy. Too bad that we are going in the opposite way.
Fascinating stuff! I wonder if the cows ever get spooked by the noise...
What if there is a double decker bus?  🚌
i recon that Switzerland has its fair share of domestic violence
Is it possible to have a misshapen bullet such that the aerodynamics allow it to clear the wall but then divert downwards towards the road? If it is asymmetrical and rotates mid flight this could cause it to rise then fall. Clearly it's considered a low probability but feels like its not impossible!
what about tall vehicles like a coach or a lorry?
Gotta say even in America this isn’t a thing
Imagine firing a round with a manufacturing error and than hearing loud tyresquealing below you
Calling bs.
This is the most American sounding thing I’ve ever heard. I’m so incredibly surprised it’s not in America.
How often do we hear the saying "Guns dont kill, people do"
See shooting is fun. That's part of why we Americans love it.
The gun thing in the United States is a distraction from real problems like mental health and the cycle of crime our system in the United States creates. Focusing on guns is easier than fixing the actual problems.
My question is how many people have been shot or injured just driving on that road
ripped right off bloke on the range
(I've never touched a firearms, neither did the math.. just a guy on the internet typing)  You just need a bad cartridge for it to go wrong and hit traffic  I don't know anything about Switzerland So I would think you can't shoot something like a blunderbuss which would be way more unpredictable than a batch of 1985 5.56 or 7.62  And the argument: "it never happened so it's safe", is not good.. cuz it only has to go wrong once
i live close by and drive through there regularly and in fact something similar is 20 minutes away in my city. The only difference is that you shoot with crossbows there. In fact, this shooting range is right above one of the city's major curvatures
Points of note. The Swiss teach their kids to shoot, and about gun safety. Good luck convincing anti gunners in the us to allow that. As usual, gun owners aren’t the actual problem.
Shooting is an Olympic sport.
YOU'RE IN THE ZURICH AREA? Tom please hit me up, I'd loooove to show you around my lovely city!
This is what we want, literally please. American conservatives would lose their mind anyway.
Sadly there are people unstable and unwell enough to do that. It happens at gun ranges/clubs. Thankfully not often but it does happen. It’s the last thing they ever do.. but that’s usually something they already know..
Could you look into mycology and the fungi kingdoms role on the ecosystem?
Disaster waiting to happen.
Why cant Germany be like this?! I think the system they have seems realy safe.
What would be funny if Tom met a certain Bloke from the Range
1.5M people "neat.."
What happens of a dud round drops off over the road ? 🤔 mad
The way Switzerland does guns is hands down the best possible way to handle firearms. Mandatory military service and training, followed by taking your service firearm home when your service is finished. An armed society is a polite society. Violent crime drops in opposition to the percentage of people who are armed. The more people that are armed, the less violent crime you have to deal with. It's really easy to tell the difference between a good guy with a gun and a bad guy with a gun. The good guys have theirs holstered unless they are using it to save peoples lives by shooting bad people with guns.
Not very many Swiss gangs 😂
All the safety without using safety glasses.! Sure thing. 😎
Fear the Governments that fears your Guns. Better wake up soon America, crossing the threshold of no return, will be in the same boat as Australia and Canada soon, I wonder where Switzerland stands with the New world order cabal.
If the Swiss take gun safety so seriously, why isn’t Tom wearing eye protection?
What happens if you hit a bird and it hits a car?
Karens everywhere overheating right now
what a dialect these people have, this is like a dutch person speaking german and making fun of their language
are you still in switzerland??? i'd like to have an autograph :)
Just a guess. But why does Swish sound like a mix between Flemish and German?
murica: they do the exactly the same thing like i did, but better
tom is the only Englishman i respect
We had a tactical range here in the US, somewhat similar. It was next to a highway and not over the road but towards it there were berms, people would take training classes there. Well it eventually got shut down because they found out bullets were skipping over the berm and onto the road. I imagine a wall would be better, since it will just splash the round instead of potentially skipping over, but I suppose there's still that 1 in a million chance it could do something weird
I think this shows that compulsory firearms training goes a lot further in reducing the misuse of weapons than any gun regulation ever could. I think when people think firearms, it often foes to the disaster in America, but I think it's also an important lesson to countries that have extremely strict regulation and makes owning firearms near impossible. A well-trained and educated responsible gun owner simply just doesn't use a gun to commit a crime. Period.
why do Switzerland have an army if they’re neutral
That would be any location in Texas.
I'd ride under so I can hear bullet whiz
Anyone that's been on a range knows that as soon as you turn around or point the weapon in the wrong direction, range staff will literally jump on you and rag the weapon away  Edit: ymmv
Now I know one road I’ll never drive on.
As long as you're not sticking your head out of the sun roof you'll be fine...
*Switzerland:* _<Has guns>_ *Republicans:* _See, Switzerland has guns, too, and has no problem with them_ *Switzerland:* _<Has good firearm training and public welfare>_ *Republicans:* _If only there were some way to reduce the number of gun deaths. Alas, there is no such thing. Better just blame the videogames and brown people._
WTF???? SAFE??? Has anyone ever seen a fluke ricochet? I once saw a guy nicked INSIDE the target pit. 4 feet UNDER ground. This one is INSANE!!!
not sure what is interesting about this ???
Let's stop celebrating guns.  Fear is the problem.  It's a disease.
Spectacular gun range, I'm glad you got to shoot a gun, my guy. Switzerland seems awesome.
I wish i lived in a country where people are so sensible to be trusted to shoot over a road. We could not do this in the UK, our decline in values and moral  decency has created a culture of selfish entitled idiots.
Living in Communist China, Whats a Firearm?
"Im british, im not qualified."  Aka "they cut our balls off years ago"
I'm more impressed with the electronic target that's able to measure where you hit using three microphones. Never seen that before.
was thinking that we have those everywhere here in switzerland before i clicked and read that you actually were here. same for the shooting range here near bern, they fire directly over the road and nobody cares, so used to it.
This is the dumbest thing I have ever seen.
what if a bird is flying over and accidentally gets hit and the bird was also carrying a grenade and dies and lands on a truck carrying an unstable nuclear reactor and going the other way there's a bus filled with all the world leaders and beyonce
Meanwhile merica with their quiet kid joke
i would argue that if you hit the top of the wall there is a good chance that the bullet or a piace of concrete could hit a car with devastating speeds.. I would have never guessed the swiss doing sumthing this american xD
America: *Furiously scribbling notes*
Compulsory service always seemed a somewhat good idea though it should go beyond simple military work.   Teaching firearms usage in USA in this manner would be amazing in regards to gun accidents and such. As well as this, a compulsory service period can really improve lives of those without solid family background.
My only concern would be accidentally shooting high over the hill to... whatever is past it. You could do this by putting the gun down while it is loaded. The rest angle is up like 25degrees.  You could solve this by capturing the tip of the rifle. If there were a steel ring bolted to the ground that you were required to put the gun through, it would be impossible to fire in a way that missed the safe zones. This would probably cost like $30 and solve the problem forever.
Good idea! (About your position). Yes there are ways to "do" gun ownership. But the second amendment is there to protect the citizens from the government - the point liberals omit.
Rbuh join the military, get a sig 550. Can I join?
There's no politics inherent to gun ownership. There's communists or people who are communists and don't know it, who want to lick boots, and then there's gun owners.  If some commies wanted twix bars banned tomorrow, it would not make twix bars political. It would just make them idiots.
you could lob a grenade over the fence it would reach the road
It is good that there hasn’t been an incident, but a safety system of “you must follow the rules” isn’t much of a safety system.
Just like every Anti-Gunner there ever was.. Shoot a few times and Your Hooked..!!
Æ
The major difference between gun ownership in Switzerland and America is training and respect. They respect the gun and the responsibility in owning them, and Americans couldn’t care less about being properly trained and show little to no respect for the gun or other people.
Those poor, poor cows.
I really enjoy the videos of you where u are in german speaking countries. Partly because I'm german but also because I enjoy switching between languages mid video :) Thx for the continuous entertainment your videos provide. Keep it up :)
That man's Dutch is terrible.
I love you Tom <3
Everybody gangsta till someone shoots the german chancellors car
Seems like unpredictable ricochet from a bad shot could possibly hit the road.
There are some excellent and informed explanations about gun ownership and why it's not a problem in Switzerland here but ultimately it boils down to one simple thing- mindset. In Switzerland, unlike some other countries, owning, carrying and using a weapon is correctly regarded as a privilege, not a right.   If something is a privilege, it has been earned, it will be cherished. It wouldn't matter if the weapon was a revolver, automatic rifle or Surface to Air Missile, if you recognise the privilege of being armed, you will equally respect the weapon and the damage it could do if not used properly
Training AKA Education. The solution for many, many, many problems in the world (if not all).
Imagine going there and trying to shoot the targets but you miss every single shot
Not a ballistics expert, but what about subsonic bullets, is the drop not extreme enough to be a problem at that range or are they prohibited? Would be my expectation that the drop is significant at that range but again not an expert.
Its a good job they're not using RPG's over there.
Take that Texas!
Swiss actually make sure that their gun owners are truly qualified to handle guns.
Wär isch ou Schwizer 🇨🇭❤️
Switzerland has out america'd america
as an indonesian i'd genuinely like something like this, a hobby for shooting. we have archery here but, i just want something different than a bow and arrow
Let's wait for a bullet to ricochet on the top of the wall. Just kidding, it's impossible.... Is it?
not 100% convinced of the safety of a similar installation...what if the bullet graze the top of the wall ? I wouldn't choose that road during shooting days :-)
So many German-speaking videos in a row, Tom must be having a lovely tour around that corner of Europe
The most Tom Scott video ever. Well done!
"they've never made it here"... maybe with 5m subscribers they will now?
Loving the transition to German interests; always a fun test to avoid the subtitles and listen.
It is funny that no matter how afraid I am to actually own a gun, it's still an exhilarating experience shooting one at targets at a gun range.  It's the feeling of having such power in your hands, the excitement of being able to accurately hit something 100s of yards away.  Now that my children are grown, I'm considering owning a gun again for target shooting.
Tell this to the Canadian PM
Love bloke on the range!
Who's here from Bloke on the Range?
When you proceed to complete main quest and side quest at the same time
The cars are safe because they are neutral
There is a lot of people with guns in the uk .??? What’s your point
True. Britain banned guns and now everyone just stabs each other to death. Schusswaffen is correct. Firearms ARE defensive weapons. Stop getting it twisted.
They are allowed to have guns. But how about ammunition? I have some kind of memory about Swiss people weren't allowed to have ammo (for those military guns). Wonder is someone could confirm?
Huh. Guess I'm moving to Switzerland
Also an interesting argument as to why certain social institutions have more staying power than the news makes them out to have. Well, maybe.
It's a refreshing change to see a video on responsible gun usage, rather than the horror stories that come out of the US
That electronic target is very cool technology - yet still looks like it's from the Cold War :)
toots moots shoots
The skinhead is the gun fanatic.  It aint no different over there.
It's such a mystery why USA - the very Homeland of social inequality - is so plagued by gun violence. In a country like Switzerland where both billionaires and homeless are fewer and farther between, one should think that everyone would be wielding those rifles and gunning for their equally compensated neighbour like crazy. Take that, you pesky person who has a car in just about the same price range as me!
Jesus is your free gift to heaven when you believe in his death, burial and resurrection you are immediately saved
it's a bit weird though, every time you change the targets you need to cross the highway and go up a hill, seems impractical when it doesn't appear to be lacking space.
European:  "In Switzerland you need training to own a gun"  American: " Cool, we have a 'common sense gun law' to not fire over the busy public road"
Not really a "major highway", though? Looks like a regular two-lane country road.
Let's Go Brandon!  ♥️
The other aspect regarding the safety, the risk you pose to cars standing up and trying to make that shot before you're stopped is far less than if you're in a car and want to run over pedestrians. We accept people with dangerous items everywhere, even in the UK, people have gun and explosive licenses.
very few people hurt by firearm??   maybe cos they dont have that many "joggers"
I don't care about your opening statement, Tom. You have an opinion and you expressed it here. The only safe gun is a nonexistent one. You're disgusting.
Hello video good
Since we have mandatory service for all men all of them get a rifle. You keep the rifle at home but you have to store different parts of the gun at different locations. What you don't usually have at home is munition for it. Also it is illegal to carry it if you're off duty. While we have high gun ownership (army rifle) the amount of civilians walking around with loaded guns is very low. If you're a sports shooter you leave the gun at the shooting range usually. If you get caught randomly walking around with a gun you're in trouble.
Imagine all the Karen's having a fit if a range like that was set up here in the UK. The Gun Control Network, BBC, Guardian etc would do their best to fearmonger public persuasion that it should be shut down.
What’s even more swiss than firearm safety is our lovely accent ahahaha
2.4 million registered firearms?  Rookie numbers
I very good I get all the point it's incapable to hit any but the targets, but and it a big, big but, shooting ranges, and ranges in general, is to make things like 101% safe, having control of the hole area, is the main way to start of from, like having an sterile exclusion zone, to the max distance rounds/bullets can travel, second have some sore of buffering, capable of catching stray rounds, (if every shot was perfect whats the point), third, fully enclose the range so making imposable, this is not  one, two, three, all you would need was a light striking blow on the top of the lower wall and the round is now going anywhere may just land in the grass, but as you knows already random odds, are just the same it may land on the road, only off set by the fact the there is less road and more grass, but the odds are still the same? are there any like warning sign in that length of road, (like the UK, low fly planes - as an example) I think it is using complicated mathematics to enplane the dangers, but the dangers are still there, it just that it hasn't happen yet!  (hopefully the accident will never be,)    why not take it to the extreme , two  to towers block in a built up city , shooting from the top of one tower to the target on the top of the second tower, as long as there was the same wall setup as it the video? people would think you have completely lost the plot?
i thought the shooting range location was the mind blower, until the dude explained the target system! holy cow thats cool
Very interesting location concept and nice to learn about another country's practices, but not sure how this relates to "gun violence incidents" elsewhere in the community. I mean, I'm not recalling hearing of "gun violence incidents" at any firing range in the US; they happen at non-gun locations out in society instead.
This is exactly how gun ownership should be. The Swiss are really an example to follow.
Both sides of the American gun safety argument in action. High, high gun ownership.
I hope that is never built here because I don't trust my fellow citizen in the United States because of gun violence here I know someone would just shoot someone in the car and just say it was an accident Or some nut would go crazy and start shooting people which would most likely happen Because it's the United States I don't trust my neighbor with a firearm you're supposed to allow me to let people I don't know fire over my head while I drive a car There are bad shooters out there there are people who don't even hit a wall and will hit the floor in front of them and if there's just a cliff between you and the target and people at the bottom of that cliff I don't think you want to be down there when you have Joe schmo firing a weapon weapon blind
Dam, the Swiss must be really good at shooting prone
Having no deaths while training is the minimum you can do.
Your observation about people willing to be trained and licensed not being the kind of folks who commit firearms accidents is why in the US firearm concealed carry permit holders not only have a lower incidence of firearms and criminal behavior than the public at large but lower than police officers. In my state, the folks willing to go down to the sheriff's office every few years to keep a permit current are not the folks who commit crimes. For a while I lived in very rural county in the US. We had a county built but volunteered maintained shooting range. Not only did we not have paid range officers the range use was on the honor system. In the 15ish years I used that range the number people shot or property damaged was zero. In fact because the range was technically a park you would have deer walk across it. They had learned they were safe.
Tom, I'd reccommend a look into Target Rifle shooting - it's big in the UK so not much travellling. It's a very technical Commonwealth Games sport (also Olympic at short range) with a surprisingly physical stance, if you take it seriously enough of course. When outdoors, we typically shoot between 300-1000 yards with iron sights (not telescopic). The national shooting centre at Bisley in Surrey is the range used for most National Open competitions. As a bonus (with reference to this video), the 1000 yard firing points are elevated about 8-10 ft off the ground; we regularly have herds of deer on the range, as they know they won't get shot. The bullets fly around 18ft over their heads (including the raised firing point) and none of us who compete want to waste money losing a competition shooting a deer. Anyway, definitely worth a look in.
But what if somebody is pogo sticking on top of a double decker bus & they jump up above the wall just as a bullet is whizzing by? What an egregious oversight
But is it possible to hear the shot? I mean, if I'd be driving a car and suddelny hear gunshots i might get shocked.... isn't that dangerous for the people driving the cars?
Mirror signal  manoeuvre  BULLETS  hospital?
Big red arrow in the thumbnail, where's the big red circle? What am I supposed to look at? Also, let me fix that title I Went To The MOST DANGEROUS Gun Range In Switzerland⁉️⁉️ AT 3PM😱😱😱😱
What if the gun powder is with bad quality and the bullet don't have the force and land on the highway?
No Matter what Switzerland still has a higher IQ than the US and ownership of rifles isnt given to wacko's
Fun and all but the guy at the gun range gives off that “I wear nazi memorabilia and high heels at night time” kinda vibe
This would never happen here (UK), people are just too immature to handle it even though it's demonstrably safe. 😔
Wish all countries with guns would require rigid military training before letting someone own one...
Mien gott shooting over cars  acting drivers
What about handguns and guns for self defence in Switzerland? Is that a thing? I mean, not that it appears to be necessary, just asking. Also what about hunting?
Why not just position the floor you’re shooting from lower, so there’s no need for laying down?
The Germa- i mean swiss didnt toy a gun like the us and a did
Hey i’ve been there!
I never thought id see tom shoot a rifle.
*I love America :)*
see america this is how you do things right
I think I remember lindybeige doing a similar video at another range explaing how it was so unbelievably safe withtthe culture, rules and attitude.
"Welcome to Demolition Ranch. Today we're gonna find out, how much it takes to penetrate a 12 inch reinforced concrete wall."
Is this a reupload? I remeber watching this some time ago
cool range... except for double-decker busses XD
The law text would make that illegal in Norway. Illegal "From or over a public road".  I like that this exists, it's just not very fun with a prone-only range..
Americans would never agree to compulsory military service even if you got a free rifle. Its against their idea of AMERICAN FREEDOM & something only socialist commy countries do
Great video, but it left me with one question: sure it's safe, by why bother doing this at all? Is it hard to find a stretch of land not over a road? I guess there's no reason not to and it's an efficient use of space.
It's almost like you should be required by law to pass a competency course before being allowed to own a firearm. Weird.
Wow, it's run by the guy from 2 pints of larger and a packet of crisps!
Swiss German is such a strange sounding thing...
I hope double decker buses aren't a thing in Switzerland (:
Poor cows though surely that's not good for their health
Interesting. What if someone will shoot a sub sonic bullet or one of these russian sp-4 soundless bullets? As fas as I know these two have a sensible enough drop of power yet using same bullets.
4:19 this is relevant at any gun range I've ever been to (US). There's this stereotype of gun ranges being full of gun-toting morons, but being cavalier with gun safety at one is a great way to get your ass beat by everyone around you. Ranges are very self-regulating--nobody wants to get hurt, and _nobody_ wants to be an anecdote for gun control. It's really Chuck and Jimbob on their 3-acre lot you need to be worried about.
Giving guns to people with brain that thinks that's the difference 😎
I wondered about dud rounds and things but i mean 20 years with that many rounds.  Hey. I guess they have it all figured out.  Thats really cool
Would never work in the US; too many untrained, self centered idiots who have guns just to have guns and feel superior that they can point them at anything or any one.
Standing up is not the same as pointing the rifle at someone. Pointing the rifle at someone is a violation of universal firearm safety rules. Standing up is a normal thing to do, especially in the military. The safety of the motorists truly relies on the ability of the gun club members to FOLLOW RULES. Which, might I add, isn’t too bad in a progressive and homogenous European culture.
Unless the bullet is a dud it will not drop in the busy road.
There’s the key. Everyone with a gun is trained.
Meanwhile in usa, "mah freedom, i shoot the way i want, lying down is for commie"
Good shooting, Tom!
*How do you retrieve your paper target?*
0:04 "im british" ... brexit ouch :D 4:50 "no accident in 20 years" Tom, why didn't you bring an omnibus with 2 or 3 decks? that might be getting close :D
collab with tommy pls
Where do I sign up to become a Swiss citizen?
Read the title and immediately went "yee yee brother"
I'll stay out of the politics of it.  But fascinating Technology there.
Please point out the weakness in this argument: “Birds”
US might be over run with guns, but nothing like this would ever happen.
Of course the video on guns and shooting is being done by a complete gun virgin. Please tell me all I should know about guns, gun safety, proper handling, storage and whilst you are at it please tell us all about the politics of guns as well, please.. 🙏  Give me a break. SMH... Just My Thoughts...
Switzerland and Hong Kong are the only 3D countries in the world.
That's a unique approach, but certainly a tried and tested one.  What an odd range.
Wow that live target feedback system is really cool.
What if your bullet grazed the top of the concrete barrier? It could lose energy and be directed somewhere else
Yes, it might be safe, but why? Why is it like this? For every practical sense, this seems inconvenient.
America could do with asking them for some gun safety tips
I notice you mentioned Switzerland has a high gun ownership rate but a low gun crime rate however you neglected to mention it also has a higher white population per capita than just about any other country, so does that have any correlation or anything to do with the low gun violence? Just My Thoughts...
signs should read beware of flat tires and unconscious motorists.
This is really cool!   If you do delve into more of shooting sport then you should check out the Olympic versions too! Air Rifle / Air Pistol / Rapid Fire Pistol / Skeet shooting etc   I know Britain and Germany also have a few shooting clubs.  Germany / India / Spain as well as a few other countries host the ISSF World Cups and Championships for the different disciplines quite often. They have the finals on their youtube channel if you're interested.    I used to do 10M Air Rifle, and I did compete abroad for a bit but I never made it to the World cup / Olympic / Commonwealth games level. It's also entirely self funded in my country so that's also another aspect I suppose. I might pick it up again in the future - there's really not much of an age level for competing as long as you can hold a very heavy rifle for hours and shoot kind of well.
What about tracer rounds and other rounds that can do erratic things mid air? Even if disallowed there's a chance someone could use unconventional rounds.
*Bang Bang* Cows: must be that noob, training.
are the cows used to the sound already?
haha, a fascinating case study for ballistics. I can see an AP question asking 'how high should the concrete wall be?'
Its all fun and games until a granade launcher enthusiast comes there.
I thought this was ludicrous, until I realised it ISN'T in the USA 😅
What happens if a bullet skims the top of the concrete wall and loses velocity?
@Bloke On the Range shoot here often! It truly is cool design and proof that people are the root of responsibility
Tom was in switzerland... and i missed him :( not with arms btw ;)
A single throw of the lever of a powder dispenser that is powder-bridging on a single cartridge case during reloading would easily send its projectile right through a driver's head.  The only way this firing range would be guaranteed safe is to encase the potential danger zone with a solid concrete tunnel.
Turned out the Swiss have a well regulated militia and they don't even have a Second Amendment.
Well this is interesting. I already knew about this rifle range, but i assumed it was from a Tom Scott video...if it wasn't...where the hell did i hear about it?
A lot of people with guns results in Switzerland having a high death rate from firearms compared to other European countries. Domestic violence against women is a particularly problematic.
I have learned: Don't get into a sniper battle against Tom ;-)
Makes a very valid argument for why its not the licensed firearms owners that we need worry about.
Reminding that you are allowed to hold rifles there, but not small, easy to conceal guns like pistols.
It's safe. They probably have certain rifles and ammo you have to use and a line you can't cross. See that wall? And a speed of a bullet at that angle, your fine
Today on Tom Scott: "Tom shoots a gun over a relatively busy road"
I was a gun owner and enthusiast for 40 years, and I had never heard of these electronic targeting systems. I am very impressed that the acoustic method described works with such precision.
Dunblane massacre: 17 dead; 15 injured. Only legally held firearms used. Britain's worst mass shooting. If guns are available - and they never need to be - someone, sometime will use them.
Just because you're British doesn't mean you're not qualified to talk about gun ownership.
I love listening to Swiss speak German, it's weird but perfectly understandable all the same (unlike Bavarian).
the measuring system is so smart
That's really cool. But *why* though?
very cool :)
Guns aren't a problem, the way that certain cultures use them is the problem. More gun laws just make it worse, because it makes it harder for law abiding citizens to arm themselves.   More kids have been shot in Chicago this year than have died from the coof since jan/2020.
Meanwhile in Britain, the few, poverty stricken folk who can afford ammunition gather at on-the-cheap, make-do facilities that are massively over burdened with endless red tape regulation and constant police interference. Show the UK equivalent of this if you can find one. We have plenty of nothing.
Countryball Swiss don't bite but can hurt in some other ways
Swizerland is such an awesome country! It's an honor to get mixed up with them!  /Swedish guy
Ich liebe die Schweiz. Basiertes Volk.
🌸If you’re reading this … I wish you  JOY, PEACE, WEALTH, and DIVINITY  x 1,000,000 in every area of your life!🌸🌸 desejo-te divindade 🌸🌸 Ich wünsche dir Göttlichkeit 🌸🌸 te deseo divinidad 🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
A video with James Hoffman on Coffee followed by a video on target shooting. Get out of my head Tom Scott! If the next video is on bicycle commuting and you will complete my hobbies and interests. I highly recommend the cannel 'not just bikes' for a future video.
I love how passionate Edwin is
I like how they lowkey diss American 😂
Tom Scott - never a disappointment
Tom being confused on how to fire a gun is the most British thing I’ve ever seen. As an American it is almost unbelievable to not be able to fire a gun.
This is what's missing in America; gun ownership shouldn't be about pride just pride in the second amendment but pride in being able to be trained and safe. Firearm Registration... could care less Firearm Training... actually matters Firearm Safety... actually matters
The electronic accuracy sensors are very cool :-)
One of the few times I think clickbait has been justified haha! Fascinating video, I wonder if the Swiss could teach the US something about gun safety
While UK be like - noooo you cant own a firearm ,  nooooyou cant own a knife , nooo you cant human rights , nooo you are just cattle
i'd be so interested in getting into like a sharp shooting hobby here in finland. 7,62 kicks quite a bit, so i think just for sharp shooting i could try .22 LR, but then if i'd get into that hobby i might want to hunt too, then i'd need a bigger gun and a license and a safe where to hold the weapons, nah too much hustle.
Less gun crime, still many guns like the USA? Interesting.  Hierarchy is the ultimate cause of all crime. Capitalism (hierarchy) makes poverty, which makes crime (unmet needs, of course). A sexist society (hierarchy) teaches boys to... be violent towards women, making crime. Rich scumbag generals are in a position to order terrorist attacks, a major component of the USA, and indeed crime (if not legally (but yes often legally classified as war crimes)).  Abandon and abolish all unjustified or nonconsensual hierarchies. That includes every state on Earth.
Imagine being the driver
That's litty bro
I know nothing about bullets, but I'm guessing if the round fails in some way it wouldn't have enough energy to make it over the wall and land on the road 🤔 Also shows the difference in cultures.
VERY AWESOME JOKE TO START BY THE WAY xDDDDDDDD
I recon if you tried to shoot at that target with a subsonic .22 the round would drop enough to potentially hit a vehicle. There must be a caliber minimum requirement at that range.
Why isn't the wall closer to the street? then the cars couldn't be hit even when standing.
OK, this wouldn't be allowed in other countries due to safety reasons.
I am swiss, and I approve this video ;-)
Grandpa driving by: *war flashback intensifies
I love the Swiss. 😃
Would strong winds make a differance ?
can you hear bullet whistle when you go just under the bullet that has been shot?
I've never seen a main road go through a school before.
What happens If someone has a really tall car?
ive always argued that the americans should adopt a strict gunpolicy, not to take their guns away really... but to enforce gun-safety and to prevent accidents from happening.
I've driven on this road and immediately recognized it
Less gun violence in Switzerland bc different culture, no gangs like USA etc
Unlike America
What if there comes a really high car XD
I'm Australian so not a gun expert. How likely is it to have a bullet fire with less than designed energy? Maybe through some powder issue or imperfection.
I expected Bloke on the range to show up :/ great video nonetheless, even when I knew of this already I still learnt new stuff about it
absolutly STUPID, someone will die because of this. an oversize load, someone ridning on top of a car, a misfire.
I get that it's totally safe and all that.. but why?
I think it's the people that make it safe.  Switzerland doesn't allow just anybody in and it shows.
Is there a chance of a bullet clipping the top of that wall just right and losing momentum just enough to drop low enough to hit cars? It would probably lose a lot of power and be tumbling, but there's still a chance to break like a windshield or something? I understand that chances of that happening and actually hitting a car are next to none, but I was just wondering if there's a possibility.
Computers and now guns? They gonna train Tom to be a M16 agent.
Another thing why invading Switzerland is just stupid
yea you couldn't do that in America.  Culture and demographics matter... despite what your government may tell you.
Guide: Nothing can penetrate the concrete wall. Military Railguns: you sure about that?
Some people act like guns are completely illegal in Europe, but that's not true. You need a license, just like you need a license to drive a car. It's certainly more difficult to get a gun license, since it's a weapon, while a car is a transportation. – People here don't feel like they need guns to defend themselves, because people don't live in fear, and don't have to worry about other people carrying guns. Really shouldn't be such a weird thing to grasp.
Saw the thumbnail and knew: only in Switzerland. 😎 We got a few like this.
Need a swiss german translator? Here I am(:
Brünnlisau is a fun word because of the ways German words are put together. It probably means "Brünnlis-Au" which translates to "little fountain's meadow" but can be read as "Brünnli-Sau" (little fountain sow). Same with other place names such as Herisau, Künzelsau.
Never knew of the gun laws in Switzerland probably due to the fact they have such low levels of gun crime and I think it’s perfect or damn near as, a model of what the proper use of “tools” can achieve and 130,000 members amazing.
🇨🇭🇨🇭🇨🇭🇨🇭🇨🇭
As well as being safety conscious the Swiss have a great flag. That's a big plus.
Question is : are they limited to certains calibers ? I doubt if you bring a .22 lr you could shoot at that range . Maybe it’s limited to NATO / and Swiss calibers . ( .223,308 7.5x55 etc)
hold on home intruder, let me get prone and load my rifle.
Look at the joy you have when you got that 10.  This is why we need more (responsible) shooting in the UK.  Shooting is great!
i keep expecting another bloke on the range to show up. hmm...
The US should push more gun safety programs where they teach how to use and respect a gun through vigorous training. It's the lack of respect to the fire arm that's causing the issues inside this country. It's just a sort of fetish now a days here, especially Texas.
Thank you Tom Scott for knowing you're not qualified to talk about gun ownership. If you ever move to the us I've got an old rifle you can have.
4:37 “they” actually do things like this quite a bit back in the states…
Come to Indonesia, we have public outdoor shooting range, in the middle of the most dense populated city in the country. One side is a 5 stars hotel, other side is the parlement building, and another side is housing places
Thanks for a more than pragmatic approach. Or as we use to say - a golf course is a perfect misuse of a shooting range.
Hey, I recognize that range from Bloke on the Range's videos!
This is an aspect of American gun crime which is not adequately acknowledged in most discussions of the subject because it's so deeply uncomfortable: Americans don't shoot each other at such high rates because they have guns, but (variously) because they are unsupervised, untrained, incorrectly trained, socially isolated, indoctrinated, psychologically unstable, intensely emotional, radicalized - to put it broadly, for cultural and personal reasons. In a general sense, Americans shoot each other more often because they are American. But having a conversation about why being American makes people more likely to want to shoot each other is much more difficult and fraught than having one about why guns make it easier for them to shoot each other, so people misdirect and focus on the access to guns instead of the motives. As if unhappy, unadjusted, violent, troubled people in a troubled society would suddenly become harmless if the easiest mode of violence were taken out of their reach.
What if war were declared and soldiers would have no idea how to shoot standing up because it has been strictly forbidden during their training. Seems like a weird restriction to me.
"Training? Gun safety? What's that?" - NRA
I mean, sure, static long range shooting is the safest shooting sport, but it still goes against the basic rules of gun safety and bow safety, too; don't use the range if someone is down range from you.
I’m sure Switzerland having 5% of the US population and being an ethnostate has nothing to do with its gun violence rate.
Ah! si les élus Français pouvaient être moins cons on avanceraient dans tous les domaines......
I'm more interested in the reason why they had to build the range this way. They couldn't find one plot of land big enough? And although its really unlikely, hitting the top of that wall at the right angle could potentially send the bullet over the wall and then down towards the highway.
as a dutch person i hate english subtitles on germanic language vocals it causes a very uncomfortable incongruity in my head where im picking up some of the swedish in with the dutch part of my brain but i have to ignore that to read the english subtitles and get the full story
so cooool
"No projectiles can get through it. It's impossible." I can think of a good many projectiles that could get through that wall, but I'm sure none of them would be legal.
That, is awesome.
I didn't know ones citizenship determined their expertise on gun ownership laws.
And thats does not look safe. Bullets can drop. Maybe I just need to see a better view of it, but it really seems like they're just getting lucky and its not likely to hit anything but not necessarily can't...
So does the USA. We just also produce political figures who don't understand that basic fact. Look it up. The majority of people being hurt by legal firearms in the US are accidents and 'self forever sleeps". I know, not the point here, but its a video discussing guns, its coming.
You cant tell me someone has never tried getting a shot on one of the cars/bikes before
What if there's someone unknowingly walks up to the shooting targets?
Different country, slightly different regulation. In Czech Republic guns are treated quite same way like cars. You have to be healthy, learn how to handle gun (drive car), and prove it to state designated inspector together with quite tough test from knowledge of all regulations (traffic laws). There is one difference, that can forbid you from gun licence, but not driving one, criminal record.  All guns have to be registered (but not air guns, and low energy ones, which cannot kill or significantly harm people) and you cannot buy ammunition or gun without permit. On the other hand empty ammo is considered scrape metal and is treated as such. And I almost forgot, you can carry gun with you for sake of self defence.  We have some incidents with guns here in Czechia, but those are 99 percent hunt related. Unfortunately we had mass shooting here once, with have same amount of victims as another mass killing, done by .... car, which was chosen by murderer as easiest option how to kill big amount of people... and we are one of most peaceful countries in the word
or you know, just build one without  a road in it and avoid all the trouble
swiss people are a huge plus
why can i understand Swiss German better than regular German
Damn that's some crazy respect they have for firearms over there, definitely shows what society could be like towards weapons if everyone could live by the same rules/laws etc!👍👏
For a country who always stays neutral in wars, the men have to do compulsory army service and there is a high proportion of the nation owning guns, the British are war crazy yet you struggle to find anywhere to shoot and owning a gun is practically impossible, what a hilarious world we live in
That was the best thing I’ve ever seen on YouTube. Why can’t Australia do this ? Mandatory military training and rifle ranges with common sense rules.
The US has a test to make sure you can drive competently but not one for firearms
I would have thought the main risk would be the sound. Driving along and then suddenly hearing gun shots might startle you and distract from the road conditions. Unless the concrete barrier shields from the sound as well as the bullets. I hope so.
Again politics aside. I agree, If you want to own a firearm you should properly train with said arms for the safety of yourself and others.
Shocked that conscription is still mandatory in parts of Europe
in Brisbane, australia, we have a range right under international flight paths, which would never be made today but has never been an issue
I'll take a detour, thanks anyways. Cheers
This is definitely not the only shooting range that goes over a road in Switzerland. These installations are all over the place and many shoot over some sort of public space
Nice video. Crazy German pronunciation :)
If you have a round that is weak and it happens sometimes quality control can only go so far... A round can drop before it gets to the target and potentially hit a driver VERY SLIM CHANCE but its posable its NOT 100%   now if you build a second wall right next to the road the it would be 100% imposable to hit a driver
This range reminds me of Bloke on the range!
Lolololol. Your strawman argument at the end is silly. Don't do that. It helps no one. -someone who fully agrees with your premise. Not the execution.
3:04 it’s all fun and games until someone brings their own Barrett 50cal. and shoots through the wall
Amazing
What kind of guns do they generally allow?  Honestly curious.
oh training, who would've thought?
It's safe, yes, i think it's still stupid, yes
Played with some airsoft once. I can definitely see the appeal. It's very cathartic to fire a few rounds. This is definitely a good way to do it imho.
so... america?
but what if the cars would stand up....
*Regulation & Rules, that is why*
Americans looking at this like what you can have guns and low gun violence
Ah yes, I am currently serving in the swiss army barred from shooting for medical reasons and Tom Scott just comes here and shoots a bit
Swiss are based
Switzerland has less gun incidents in a year than America does in like an hour
and this type of stuff is why europe thinks so poorly of the US because our cultures make it so much harder to do things that make the country better than those same things can be done in other places like Switzerland
Why don't they build a bulletproof tunnel for the driveway?
That is one way to stop trucks that don't make the clearance
Switzerland has no crippling poverty and widespread despair to break people's humanity down to a level where firearm violence is acceptable like there is in the United States.
Switzerland: hey Tom Scott, wanna come shoot guns? Tom Scott: Yes.
Nice group Tom!
It is mandatory for soldiers to keep their weapons at there home aswell so if there country in invaded thay can arm up without haven to go to the base to to get it
me reading the subtitles: *you what???*
Those grazing cows thinking: "Those humans are at their thunder-sticks again"
And what if I want to go on a trip with my fire truck, up in the basket, with the ladder extended all the way?
I’d hate to be passing through there on an open top tour bus! 😂😂
What if some random punter wanted to peek over the wall to see where that funny noises come from?
It’s all common sense when it comes to handling firearms.
Tolles video! Bin gespannt, wo die Reise als Nächstes hingeht 😊
I wonder what would happen if a shot deflected off the top of the wall? Would the debris be a risk to road users?
But why build across the road?
"You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore" made me chuckle
I wonder how many "shootings" will happen on this road now... hmmm
The title is an American's wet dream
Neat
I can't be the only one who thought of that Scary Car Ride video by that thumbnail, am I?
Aaand what if your shot grazes the top of that wall… just a tiny bit… and the bullet hit anything on that road… this looks as safe as autoerotic asphyxiation   Perfectly safe… until it kills somebody
But what if I curved the bullet?
I can't wait for the day they decide to ferry a plane frame through there only for it to arrive at the assembly hangar riddled with bullet holes.
Bienvenue en Suisse Tom!
There are many rifles that fire (much weaker) pistol ammunition. Bullets from these run a real risk of dropping like a hockey stick at the end of their trajectory, and hitting the cars on the road.
"and if there is"..... it would be in America, not Switzerland
Anyone else disappointed we didn't get a close up look at the targets
It should be like that with all countries on Earth
interesting seeing gun culture in different cultures. so different from the american custom of using their children’s schools as gun ranges.
Everything's fine until you have to transport a group of giraffes cross country
"we would shoot twice and go homr" a Swiss probably
As an American gun owner (and civil engineer) I enjoyed this range design very much
I guess the people of Switzerland do not believe in trucks.
I respect the Swiss People
And it is not the only one that shoots over the road and/or across the valley... We have a few of those :)
Bloke on the Range shoots here. It isxa weird situation though. Lovely video. The Swiss really have their heads on straight when it comes to gun ownership, safety and training. Thanks Tom.👍👍
There is a range like this where i live, but its over a river where people can swim and kayak. as far as i know its impossible to get an angle to shoot one of the swimmers, even if you tried. you'd have to jump off the wall of the range after climbing it and land in the drink, then start shooting and you are way out of "accident" territory at that point. People still hate the range though because the backdrop is a berm and not a baffle that catches the lead. that means lead leaches into the water over years :(
Because Swiss are not Americans.
There’s another road between the targets and the highway. How many of ya wanna  walk there
Static/physical restrictions preventing a misadventure are far more reliable than dynamic/protocol restrictions. The latter almost always fail at some point. If they want to easily reduce chances of a vehicle getting shot, fit bulletproof glass down to the prone position opening to obscure the dangerous angles.
Take a look at "Locher Airfield" in Italy. This is very interesting.
americans rn 😖😫😭
If this was in U S of A that road would be full of bodies....
So incredibly jealous of the Swiss right now
Number one Switzerland has a fairly homogeneous population and number two... would you break into a home that is super highly likely to have a military grade rifle inside accompanied by an owner who knows how to use it?
I used to target-shoot, and this looks like a *really* nice setup. Well done on shooting so straight, Tom!
As a Swiss, I knew that this was in Switzerland from the title and the thumbnail, long before I watched the video.
This guy speaks 'smashing a keyboard' language... Cool
Yay tom's content is wholesome, enjoyable, and educational. Keep up the goodness! I let the ads roll just for you, tom =D
So if everyone has proper gun training and are armed could we lower fatalities elsewhere too? Like in the US?
It is crazy how many Swiss own guns yet the gun crime rate is so low.
Would have been good to mention the distance. Great video anyways though.
All it takes is one psycho to raise hell.  That said, in America,  we have a lot of psychos, among 300 million people,  not all citizens, they are a tiny minority, and the rest, those who choose to be so, law abiding and decent, are very highly skilled.
3:27 That laugh of delight and success: That is what people who are afraid to touch a gun will never know.
How hard is it to obtain ammo in Switzerland?
bruh us americans like !!! but the rest of the world literally knowing how to be mature smh
loved it, I passed this thing a few times and had many questions, you just answered them all :)
The swiss are very  smart . We are far away from being as smart as the swiss  The swiss dont create problems  In most other countries problem creation is a national pastime
I suspect Switzerland is different because the biological populations aren't the same as other places and for overlapping populations, it's highly likely the system is better at identifying people who have mental problems and mechanisms to avoid them from going out of control.  It might also be a willingness to take action to report and evaluate someone with mental problems.  In the U.S. there are all of these cases of someone with numerous warning signs and no-one said anything to an authority to interview and evaluate the people.
Imagine if Switzerland included suicidesbin their gun violence statistic like the USA does. Did anybody else know the United States is the only country in the world that includes suicide by gun as gun violence? I wonder why that is? It's almost like there's some agenda in play.
"It's unlikely" is not a good safety measure. Especially when you're dealing with firearms. I understand the physics behind what they're doing, but still "unlikely" isn't certain enough.
Don't know why they wouldn't have cover so you can only see down range when prone to remove the possibility of a car being fired at.
If only everyone was responsible and non-psychopathic
Its suspicious how accurate tom was shooting
I’d like to see more videos like this.
Fires smooth bore musket ball into a school bus...
Switzerland and the Czechs are proof that guns are not inherently dangerous, merely tools. Gun violence in America is symptomatic of a crumbling society.
Military service is compulsory for Swiss, but they stay (in)famously neutral in times of crisis. What's the catch here?
Too many rules around firearm ownership and use. -Someone who shoots of their back porch.
hmm so guns don't kill by themselves Strange, i'm sure i heard otherwise
Is the guy in the 1 min speking german?
You sound hard on yourself for your score, but a total novice putting shots on paper at that range with just irons? You're better than some people I know who have no excuse.
I think New Zealands gun safety could use some work coming from personal experience and now seeing this.
So if a bullet cleared the wall and then dropped, couldn’t it then potentially hit a car?
You excluded, I imagine intentionally, one characteristic that I think has some affect on the lack of gun violence, that's the relative cultural homogeneity of Switzerland.  Cultural diversity comes with many benefits but unfortunately can also come with some drawbacks such as conflict between cultural groups and discrimination against certain cultures or races that leads to inequality that leads to greater poverty and fewer opportunities, etc.  I also don't believe Switzerland has the kind of politicized & induced divisiveness that some other countries have including the US.
Tom you should have driven past to hear the ‘crack’ of the round over the vehicle! I was really curious to see if it would be a distraction or a spook to the drivers
*sad australian noises*
I could care less about the firing range,,, I just want to know why they put so many holes in my cheese?!?!?
Not only is Tom an informational person, but a good shot
absolutely love the older monitors, I hope they never change them.
*I'd love to send some .308 projectiles in that range.* _Greetings from the snow covered peaks of Utah, USA._
Shouldn’t the proper term to use is pull?
This is really cool
If I lived a thousand years I couldn’t have thought of better advertising than bullets going over my head on a freeway
I really respect that you left politics out of it, many wouldn't
How many rounds have hit the 30cm thick concrete wall? Just curious.
So anyway, I found the perfect place for the new range. But... now hear me out before you react....
The Japanese Army, "Self Defense Forces," have an artillery range on the south side of Mount Fuji where the targets are on the mountain, the gun are a couple or three miles away to the south, and there are towns with populations of several tens of thousands in between.
H/T Bloke On the Range
so I'm assuming they don't allow subsonic ammo at that range
Couldn't have built in a different location? Alright
3:35 very odd, literally
Tom needs to come to Bisley some time!!
What Switzerland also has that's very infrequently mentioned is universal weapons training to go along with gun ownership. IIRC once out of service people aren't allowed to keep much/any ammunition on their own property, as well.
It is illegal in most jurisdictions in the U.S.
This just shows when gun ownership goes up fatality go down. People don't risk robing somebody if they know they have a gun.
That's kind of crazy and totally brilliant at the same time.
You see, I'm not anti-gun.  I'm anti-American-with-gun.
"You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore" I think, you just English. This is the best sentence I've heard all my life.
Beyond Cool.
Trouble with this range is it only gives you one position option for shooting - prone. Given a choice I would go elsewhere.
I'm worried about smaller calibers and under-spec loadings. e.g. Someone with a .380 who mis-measured their own loads could be hazardous.
I LOVE those little monochrome CRT monitors!
That's because America has a culture problem, not a gun problem.
forget about the traffic.... who shoots over cows
Tom Scott: "I don't want to get into the politics of guns ownership." Seconds later: behold Swiss gun policies.
What a bonkers range
yirfkm acort!
3:34 theres a trail right beside  the tagets....
Well organized (A natural Swiss talent), A great sport and most importantly, a proper attitude ! Great video ! Thanks.
When he's just taking that automatic fire straight up, gave me chills.
No parasailing zone
I feel like what hes saying is that white people are better then other types of people
Mad respect for talking about a potentially controversial topic so well.
Okay.. you didn’t mention there’s a rock wall stopping the bullets trajectory from ever hitting cars.
I can’t help but wonder about that one freak scenario where the bullet clips the top of the wall, grazing it just enough to slow down and angle down at the road.
It would really suck being one of those cows.
SEE FELLOW AMERICANS - you can have guns, even shoot them, and nobody gets hurt. All it takes is a little less bravado and a little more precaution.
I've always wanted to shoot at that range, can't say I'm not jealous. Next time you're in the US, go crazy.
Looks like I found at least one place on the globe with some sensibility toward firearms. Time to start saving for a move.
Switzerland should be the reference for any country that wants to initiate gun control legislation. IIRC 97% of Switzerland's registered gun owners are trained (most by the military). Side note: Switzerland is essentially impossible to invade. Topography, bridges, bunkers, and climate aside - effectively every resident has a military issue rifle (at minimum) and knows how to use it better than you.
Your last statement is an argument why everyone should have a gun and training
"I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified" The idea that experience with a lack of gun ownership makes you unqualified while experience with exclusively a culture of gun ownership makes you qualified is one of the biggest pieces of propaganda around the gun "debate".
Unglaublich!
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership; I'm British so I'm not exactly qualified." HOW DARE YOU COME ON TO THE INTERNET AND TRY TO MAKE A REASONABLE STATEMENT LIKE THAT! GET OUT! WE HAVE NO PLACE FOR YOUR KIND HERE!  THIS IS THE INTERNET!!!
Is that Mark Zuckerberg in 20 years?
[ducks in American]
I understand it can be done, but did they really have to do it this way just to show they can ?
Now I know how Swiss Cheese gets its holes.
In America we do not understand this situation
As an American gun owner and target shooter I just want to say Thank you Switzerland for NOT being us... I along with many other responsible U.S. gun owners appreciate the effort your county has put forth towards firearm safety and education. You're a model citizen showing the rest of the world that a gun isn't a toy, but you can still have safe clean fun with it
It is very normal to see ppl walking around or even in an Apple store with a rifle slung over their shoulder going to or from a range or competition.
Switzerland is just full of people who respect the law and good manners, probably because they have money?  In Switzerland there are market stalls with no one supervising them, you pick out your vegetables and fruit, weigh them pay and leave without anyone forcing you too but your morals
i suppose my trebuchet would be unwelcome there
I’m actually impressed with his aim! I know I woulda missed more than that
But what if you spin the bullet ?
Why do anti-gun people always think it's a matter or training? Like mass shooters just didn't have enough training to use the weapon properly. By using your brain, you'd learn that the compulsory military service involves a mental check. The crazy people end up on a list of crazy people.
It would appear that Swedish Chef actually does speak Swedish.
And what if the bullet hits the edge of the wall and loses energy so it falls faster and hits a car?
Swiss people are awesome.
I am curious if they allow you to record down range audio as long as you are below the wall? Probably would a be great spot to get the supersonic crack as a bullet flies past or near you.
They don’t have shootings Over there because they don’t have cry baby men, they have real mean that grow up well and are taught right
What if they accidently fire at someone whos walking around the cliff?
God damnit there's a wall
You need a shooting range to do this?
America: Gun Safety is Hawd! Switzerland: Hold My Rif... Ummm Nevermind. [Gently Pats American on the Back]
poor brits, can barely even own shotguns
#10 on trending!
"You will, very rapidly, not be holding a rifle any more." lmao, Tom is the best
I would watch a Tom Scott shooting channel.
What if there are a bunch of college girls partying n jumping on the top deck of a party bus? 🤔
I'm an American and I'm still going to take the long way instead of this way.
Rub it in our face Tom!
Lets do this in toronto
I wonder what the meth situation is like over in Switzerland...I wonder if there is a relationship between gun crime and drug abuse...hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
🦷🦷🦷🦷🦷🦷🦷🦷🦷🦷
OOH Tom , Head over to   Bloke On The Range  British Ex Pat Engineer  , living & working in Switzerland , let alone , his best friend.... Chap On the Range!!! Very informative , for us English Shooters ! Cheers Mr Scott Phil
There just keeping prepared for the next time somebody tries to invade them
About the only place where one can say, "I think a bullet just passed over my car" and not be worried by it.
Wtf
Now if only a _certain_ other gun-owner friendly country would follow in their footsteps.
I am trying to get this type of shooting range set up over the 405 in LA. So far, not much luck.
I am all for training with firearms.  But, if the person is antisocial and evil all the training in the world will only accomplish one thing. They will find it easier to kill someone. How many times do you hear about gang bangers getting into a shootout and the cops find a couple of hundred shell casings and nobody was killed.  Of course, it is hard to aim when you are holding the gun sideways with one hand and the other hand is on your balls.
Your opening statement   ",,,,I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified....." what are you qualified in?
Something about this doesn't sit right with me
We taken them. Cooper.
Lindybeige covered this years ago
This could not exist in US, people treat guns as toys here, lots of crazy too,  but that’s still nuts shooting over a major road way
Well shucks, there's a big freaking wall that keeps ppl from shooting at passing motorists.......nothing to see here
Oh trust me, if you stand up and aim down the sight, you’ll be on the ground again in no time, just not in a very comfortable way..
That's a problem the US has.  Any average unconvicted Joe can waltz on into a gun shop, send in some papers, and within some days, they have a gun that can kill 30 people in 30 seconds.  All you need is someone with something wrong upstairs, and enough coordination to get ahold of a gun. Which many many households have. Unsecured no less.
Hmm, I wonder what's different about Switzerland which means it has high gun ownership but a low gun crime rate. I think this warrants further investigation because I can't think of anything which might be the reason.
As an US American, and a gun owner, I can only dream that we would have the same firearm safety record as the Swiss one day.
wha what
no safety glasses? thats kind of a surprise
Got major de ja vu, I'm sure i've seen a video before today about this place, have any other popular youtubers done a video on it? Because I'm convinced I'd seen the video already!
Americans should absolutely keep all their gun availabilities...but every last person wanting to buy and own personal firearms should HAVE to undertake very serious, intensive and rigorous professional firearms training by ex-military professionals. You can't even drive a car without passing tests - guns should have far stricter and tougher tests to pass before anyone is allowed to own one and carry it around in public.
When I saw this video title, I had to do a double take to make sure it wasn't posted by The Onion.
No projectile can go through. Whew!  *Railgun has entered the chat*
nice long range range there
I want to live in Switzerland, they love humanity.
Is it possible that a faulty round could sink and hit the road?
See if the major population has guns the country is much safer if everyone is trained
The politics of gun ownership
I walk under power lines without thinking, but somehow bullets flying above seems odd.
Never thought Tom Scott would be my next favorite guntuber
Imagine this setup in the USA..
I'm feeling severe Deja Vu here. I could have sworn that I have seen a Tom Scott video about this before.
In Switzerland, everyone's is a sniper
Yes, there have been no incidents, and I am super glad about that. They definitely seemed to set up the range quite well! However, to any people who are an expert in the area, would it be possible for a bullet to barely clip the top edge of the wall and alter the trajectory enough to where it could fall and hit a car? Or would such an impact just smash/destroy/shatter the bullet, or send it in a different direction or something?  Just based on the numbers alone, it seems like such a thing would be impossible, but I was just wondering if it were theoretically possible or not.
No eye protection in case the gun blows up?
I'm from Venezuela. A coutry with one of the most violent and dangeous cities in the world. I want to live in Switzerland so bad :(
The issue with guns is the same as with harmful toys for kids If the kids hit each other with the toys, you try to teach the kids to be civil with eeach other and stop it. If that doesnt work, you tae away the harmful toys so they no longer hit each other with harmful things. Switzerland has a very civilized gun culture and nobody would even think about marchigna round with a loaded rifle to go shopping. So them having weapons is not an issue. The USA has a idiotic gun culture and a lot of gun crimes. Its not going to change anytime soon. So if the people cant behave with weapons you take away those weapons so they no longer can harm each other (that efficently). Simple as that. The Problem arent the guns, the problem is the gun culture. One way to limit the harms of a shitty gun culture is to take away the guns.
Didn't Tom once do an episode on making the ideal slice of toast? What a broad jump to firing a high powered weapon 300m over a busy highway in Switzerland.   What does the intrepid Thomas have lined up for us next time? How about the definitive answer to that old QI conundrum, "How many moons does the Earth have?"
Looks like somebody likes guns now :-)
80k rounds for the entire club for a year? I think I've done that solo.
Law abiding citizens unlike the magats in the US.
Pull
There is a reason why lieutenants in the swiss army carry loaded service pistols when they go to the shooting range with recruits.
Most of American gun problems are "diversity" problems.  If we had the same demographics, the gun crime would be very similar.
A scope
@Americans are you listening? Apparently not. Your gun control is garbage.
Cant is understand a word he's saying
that's fantastic
You will be very rapidly not holding a rifle anymore.
Only 2.4 million? Come back when you're in the 100 million range.
Imagine not having basic human rights 😳
Seems really dangerous especially when drive right past the shooting range. But why?
Its also called the land of the free     Thats an america stereotype joke
I want to go to there.
Didn't you do this before?
We should copy this 1:one in the U.S.  So many less people would die.
What I find fascinating is the dirt road running straight past with no fences to stop people from climbing the hill to the target area. There appears to be a sign at the start of the dirt road, but I can't read what it says.
This wouldn't work in America.
Unfortunately MAGAts are utterly incapable of following rules and have zero self-control.
Livestock and automobiles kept safe by the laws of physics and the laws of common sense.
that microphone triangulation system is AMAZING. I hope there is a video about how that system works in detail
1:34 *Laughs in American* Those are rookie numbers you gotta pump those numbers up!
Only one question. Why?
Tom Scott on the Bloke's Range
Is that guy speaking German?
I wonder if you can hear the supersonic cracks while driving
Driving a car's already enough of a horror nightmare.
Any awkward?
>only 80,000 rounds a year  Those a rookie numbers in this bracket
Ok, but isn't this like a gym where all you can do is the bench press? Aren't there other body positions, like standing for example, and other guns that are important in marksmanship?
SWITZERLAND WAS LAST INVADED IN THE LATE 1700s  BY FRANCE.  SINCE THEN THEY'VE HAD ITALIAN FASCISTS, AUSTRIAN COMMUNISTS, AND NAZIS AS NEIGHBOURS.  NONE OF THEM BOTHERED TO INVADE.  MAYBE THE BATTLE RIFLE AND AMMO KEPT IN NEARLY EVERY HOUSE IN THE COUNTRY HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH THAT?
I also noticed that while in the prone position  that you are on an incline which also helps
"To throw all this away to just shoot a car once?"    Yes, there would be definitely people who lives in the USA who would do this
I wonder what the odds are that a bullet grazes the top of the wall and pings down toward the road.
How much is the clip of Tom Scott firing a rifle going to be memed I wonder.
I remember this from a Lindybeige video!
Would be interesting to be standing along the highway and hear the bullets overhead. They make an odd noise before you hear the boom.
Tom Scott firing a Sig 550 is not something I thought I'd see
Countries like Switzerland and America know the importance of owning firearms and that why whats happening in Australia and France will likely never happen in either of the gun owning countries. Now I think people realize why the right to bear arms is a must to equal the balance of government and its citizens.
that was very interesting
D
trig and doppler and an excellent computer for calculating…also, do iron sights allow for squinting or should you have both eyes open?
This might be a silly question, but why didn't they just build the wall (and targets) taller so they don't have to lie down to shoot?
What about those cows???
YOu get to keep your military rifle in switzerland????????????????????????  I know where I am moving....ill join your military for a few years
I have never doubted that the gun problem in the USA, is not only due to the guns, but to the people there, to the poverty, to the ghettoization, that they have no health care for the people or not for all people.  generally because of the poor standard of living under which many people have to live there.
I feek like I have seen this before..
In USA and Canada we are treated like idiots.
u said breaking the rules with military trained professionals is not a good plan? who would be the  one holding the loaded gun, the person INTENDING to stand up and shoot at cars thats who. this is incredibly stupid. now that this is out, watch how many incidents happen because people WANT incidents to happen. smh...
@4:35 who would have thought. guns don't hurt people, and people with guns don't hurt people. it's deranged people alone.
0:02 bri'ish
"i dont wanna be political"....immediately says politicized statement
And I thought range anxiety was only for electric vehicles.
we might have some crazy people here in the US crazy enough to stand up in a place like that ,but I highly doubt they will ever go to Switzerland just to do that
If we didn't have idiot anti gun politicians and actually taught gun safety in school gun deaths would drastically decrease. But the anti gun politicians have zero logical thinking with any policies soooo... 🖕 em
America, screw top golf and get on it.
could a HEATFS round go thru the concrete barrier?
is it just me or does 800k rounds not sound like much to yall...one range day is easily in the hundreds of rounds and if people are making thousands of trips that adds up quick
Note the lack of impacts on the wall and lane dividers.
Absolute proof that gun violence isn't a problem of allowing people to own it but that of a lack of discipline.
Afaik Switzerland hasn't been in a war in quite a while... Compared to other places with lots of guns... ^^
I'm guessing they do not allow hand loaded ammo at this range? Any chance of a video down range of the target scoring system?
Toms last statement was such an incredible point, and expressed perfectly.  Edit- I think I've started a war or something.
Didn't expect the target feedback system thats just this casual super complicated air pressure system measured with microphones  Edit: thanks for telling me its not complicated, but im gonna stay amazed
I presumed it's somewhere in the us My bad
If everyone has a gun, how comfortable are you to comit a crime?
Never in America. I've been to many a shooting range and it's always a bit loosie-goosey when it comes to safety. Very informative, thank you Tom.
I feel it's just bad practice. Respect to the range and their members thus far, but I dont see this as a good long term probability. From a crazy American :)
COW!
It so great to see a video on a big yt channel about the area where you live
ok but why
You don't want to be hiking near those trees
Nice, now I know where I can get a JFK experience
I the US, most guns used in crimes aren't owned by the person who committed the crime, a lot are either stolen or straw purchased
This is against everything I’ve ever know… it feels wrong in every fiber of my being 😅
nice to see them provide plentiful moving targets
THIS is why no one wants to take on the Swiss even during WWII and not likely in the near future neither.  EVERYONE is a sharpshooter and everyone own a rifle.  Combined that with heavy fortifrated position in a VERY difficult terrain.  It's easier to go around it than through it even when you are taking over the entire Europe.
4:10 Then the lunk alarm would go off
Reupload?
It’s important to note in Switzerland, while guns can be owned by almost everyone, ammo is strictly monitored. If you have a gun in your home you will have a sealed ammo box. If that box is opened for any reason other than personal defence or national security you  will be arrested.
I remember this place from blokeontheranges' vid!
SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED
This seems like a terrible idea...
The idea of a Swiss shooting range where you fire over a busy road would have surprised me more if I didn’t recently watch a video on how the Swiss were able to stay neutral. They are prepared for almost any worst case scenario.
I'm sorry, but that is f*cking stupid.  Seriously
(Those of you who are Americans) Who else got an NRA ad before this video?
"Next week, Tom takes a look at a primary school made of cheese, that sits at the edge of an active volcano."
Are their signs down the road that give a height limit for vehicles like their would be for tunnels and underpasses? Is so, do they get many vehicles that don’t see the signs and drive through anyway… or is the clearance so high that no vehicle is ever that high anyway. It’s hard to tell from the video, the clearance is possibly a lot more than the distance of a person standing up from the firing point.
0:01 Why even say the word?
Is this a reupload? I think I saw this before.
D E M O G R A P H I C S
2.4 million gun owners those are ROOKIE NUMBERS the USA over the year with COVID-19 we registered over 7 million NEW GUN Owners.  Although I will give the Swiss credit for much better training  military service is not mandatory here
The electronic scoring system using microphones is neat.  A lot better then the way we used to do it, with a person in the butts pointing a giant arrow where the shot hit the target.
And now I wanna live in Switzerland
Smort
So, who would win in a war, The Swiss, or the entire state of Texas?  I'm actually not sure tbh
Me: is a nativ German speaker Also me: hm interesting what he's saying better read the subtitles
Wish more countries would adopt taking safety and training more seriously. Not just for firearms.
Tom Scott plus with Bloke on the Range?
all the more reason for me to move to switzerland
Raise you hand if you think you'd shoot better than Tom?
There are very few incidents at shooting ranges in the US either. Like you said, it is unlikely that someone is responsible enough to join a club and unhinged enough to hurt someone at it. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure it does happen, but it is rare.
The difference is that most all of their people are very civilized, and educated.
"you will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore" this is my favorite quote ever, just because of how true it is Haha
You could still hit the road if you fired the gun like a mortar shell, but again, to do that you would have to break the rules and you would not hive time to shoot before you lost your shooting privileges.
If only America could see the sense behind this stricter control of their ownership as well as use.
The most American country I’ve ever seen.
the usa has almost 400 million regestered firearms... not really comparable to the swiss
I love that spotting system. I need that on the ranges around here.
this is a re post.
I won't be travelling on that road.
... Gotta use them AP rounds to get through that pesky concrete.
This set up is actually inherently very dangerous and adds a lot of additional danger to a traditional shooting range set up. A lot of things could go wrong: 1) Someone stands up to shoot (actually a common shooting position in many ranges) and misses and hits a motorist below. Tragedy. 2) A stray bullet merely grazes the top of the wall and thus changes the path of a projectile towards a motorist. Tragedy. 3) A shooter uses subsonic ammunition such as .510 whisper, 300 blackout, .45 acp etc or any ammo that is slow enough to have a trajectory that can make it over the wall and then on to the motorists further down range and below. Tragedy. 4) A shooter uses a high calibre armour penetrating round that can make it though the concrete wall. Tragedy.
This is the kind attitude I wish we had in the U.S. firearms are as safe as the people using them. Unfortunately in the U.S too people buy guns without actually learning how to use them safely.
I would like to have heard the bullets from the cars perspective.
“You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore”
2:04   "We are only allowed to load the rifles here while lying down prone, then you shoot, and before you get up you have to unload again." Wait, so there's a shooting range on Earth where that is not obvious?
The difference is people there are vetted. While in a certain place Guns are obtain by vending machine.
Ha! A tom Scott video where I’ve actually heard of this before. I feel like such a hipster
private gun ranges in the US are incredibly safe.
wow this is cool
waoh, that is just amazing to me. Respect !
Vermont New Hampshire Mane all have Constitutional Carry (meaning you can carry a loaded handgun open or concealed in most public places assuming your not a prohibited person.) high rates of gun ownership and they have low crime rates. It’s not the gun it’s the people. Chicago has lots of gun control & lots of crime. Denmark lots of gun control and a terrorist used a bow and arrow.
Me: arriving with my Walmart BB air rifle
My next stop
Good thing this is not in America
i thought if was a golf range that would be more dangerous...
So what I'm seeing is the biggest difference between them and America is the people who are using it and the training required. Specifically in firearms.
Robert Makłowicz was here before you
In case of invasion they stand
I seen a couple of other videos of this place and I've never seen anyone using a telescopic sight.
Some just casually hiking in the hill..( puchuuu )... Owwwww.. awwwww..
As an American, I envy Switzerland.
I never thought i would hear the distinct sound of a swiss speaking high-german on this channel.
I love the aesthetic of the old CRT monitor system and stand.
"You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore" XD
I once went to a range where behind the back stop was a highway. As long as you didn't shoot above the dirt mound, you were good.
I mean, anything slow enough to drop down to the road would be moving slow enough to not hurt anyone.  Unless someone has an underslung grenade launcher
Really cool!
I wish we had more of the Swiss sense of responsibility with firearms here in the US.
In Pakistan, they have firing ranges over busy market places.
Can I also use machine guns here? you know just asking a question nothing wrong here.
It’s not a right, it’s a privilege, your duty and honor. Big difference
Wait, you get to keep your service rifle when you finish your military service in Switzerland? I wish i got to keep my M16
people talk about america and how we love our guns meanwhile in switzerland you just casually drive with bullets literally flying over your head.
It's all fun and games until you aim 4 degrees down
Bet there’s never been a British Bloke on that Range…
Is it mainly long guns there though?  Cause we love our sidearms here.. most of the shootings and murders in the US are with handguns BY FAR
The three basic human rights are life, liberty, and property, so it follows that you have a right to own a weapon to defend your life or your rights. Also, most anyone that tries shooting a gun finds that it is incredibly fun.
this is so cool 🤣
This is the usefulness of physics
Was this not uploaded before? I’ve seen this before I swear
Funny thing is that this is totally illegal in the US, you are not allowed to discharge a weapon across a public highway (read as any road) ever.
0:58 Only 80,000 rounds per year? When I was in the military, I was TAD as a Block(range personnel) to the ranges in Stone Bay NC. Monday thru Friday we'd pull between 63,000 and 90,000 rounds a day depending on the number of shooters that came for qual. 120 rounds per shooter, up to 5 shooters per target, 50 targets per range, and 3 ranges...   It's a great TAD assignment if you want disability for hearing loss...
Will Mellor's accent is getting stronger
how do they go and retrieve their targets?
Thanks Tom. On demonstrating to the world “responsible “ firearm ownership. I’m a 20 year army veteran and believe in properly administered gun control. Your video clearly explained what that entails..
in America when someone says, "No projectile can get through it." Our answer is always an unequivocal "Hold my beer!"
Curious about the wind from the passing trucks. Surely that would affect some of the shots?
What? No eye protection?  Here in the States we always have our ears and eyes protection on when shooting.
Whoever came up with West Virginia's slogan "Almost Heaven" obviously visited Switzerland beforehand.
Switzerland always does things to the extreme and makes it look easy.
Are there over-height vehicle warning signs on the road?
yes in switzerland there are 2.4 million REGISTERED FIREARMS!!!!!  Just wait tell the Nazi invaded the switz , now they have a list. good idea. here in the US we dont.
This is a great way to do it.
It's always good to point out that Switzerland has some of the toughest gun control in the world. I lived with a Swiss family, in which the father and two grown sons were soldiers - most Swiss men are - and therefore there were three large assault rifles in the house. The laws governing how those weapons are stored - they have to be broken down and the parts hidden from sight in three different places, which got challenging in a home that had to supply 9 hiding places) - and the ammunition for each, which must be stored in yet a fourth place, making 12 necessary storage places in all, are enforced by military officers who can and do conduct spot inspections of your home. And if you're found to have fewer shells in your possession than you were issued - big trouble.   As the fellow in the video mentioned, every firearm, military or civilian, also must be registered. And the sum total of other Swiss firearms laws is Byzantine and dizzying.  My hosts told me that in spite of the fact they're in almost every home, military firearms are very rarely used in crimes. Suicides were the main misuse.   Anyway, I find Switzerland often brought up in gun arguments. It's well to understand the full story.
Have you correlated education level?
1:25 *leaves*
you COULD hit the traffic but your not American enough
In America, they need to build a 30cm thick concrete box around each and every gun owner. :'D
great shooting
Haven’t watched this yet — opened the video to see if they were talking about Clipper Road in Maryland.  Got my window shot out there at night while driving 40 mph.
Seeing a big youtuber actually taking a non-bias look at something firearm related and sensibly enjoying themselves is honestly refreshing and something we need more of on this platform.
YT "Bloke on the Range" shoots often on this range.
How about that America
Oh my god
I guess they don't fly drones there
UNSUBSCRIBED - If you cannot research your data on deaths by gun in Switzerland and repeat idiotic right-wing talking points then you can not be trusted on anything. What a tool, seriously.
It's so good to see guns being portrayed without being villanized
Tom, being British and coming out swinging saying you have no right in the gun/anti-gun talk is huge. I think with this video you very much demonstrate a pro-gun stance even if you dont take one. Guns are safe when used properly. There is a reason the people who have been around guns for all their lives are pro-gun.
Don’t forget that in the UK there are around 2 million legal and registered firearms. It’s far more common than most people expect. The falklands is even the country (overseas territory ) with the second highest guns per capita in the world!
All of this makes perfect sense. But as a Texan looking at this, I just can't help but be amazed. I mean there was a school shooting a few years ago in my hometown where 11 kids were killed, it's just the exact opposite in terms of responsible gun ownership here.
What I find amazing about Switzerland is that guns are considered tools more than weapons, and there doesn't seem to be a large split in Switzerland regarding firearms.   Also congrats on getting on trending again!
If only the US had the demographics of Switzerland
Hmnmm so the issue is the training and education and not the gun itself? weird bcuz that means that about 80% of the world is entirely wrong about firearms... bcuz you know... they ARE wrong about firearms.
My only question is why not put the targets higher up the mountain and either making the wall higher or shooting stance lower. That way there could be zero chance of hitting road by any freak accident. I own a gun and I understand that discipline is extremely important, but people make mistakes. And noone can change that. look at aviation industry - pilots are trained their whole life, but even then there are several safety nets that prevent one human error to be catastrophic.
0:38 Is that the Swiss version of Will Mellor?
That is raaaaaad af
Very interesting. Dont doubt the safety of it. But it would still take me a while to get used to the idea of pointing a rifle in the general direction of families driving down the road.
Alternate Title:  Tom Scott shoots a gun in Switzerland over a busy road
0:54 seconds passed and im alredy thinking umm nty i thought they ment golf range or somthing
the swiss are based.
"its ok we have a wall." *person stands up* "ok well now someone can shoot the cars"
The Swiss have a sense of humour 😂
1:57 Tiny translation error, it's actually "Schusswaffen" which just means firearm.
its because they are 100% military trained
Wo sind mini schwizer? :D
Imagine just driving down a highway and having no idea that rifle bullets are firing above your head, wow
Switzerland showing the key example of a gun by the end is a tool not a cause, its the people who use it that decide its use case. If you have the skill, and handling for such a tool to a T then you can preform in any environment without injuring others. So really its all a matter of intention and mindset when using a gun, not the gun itself that decides what happens.
I remember hearing about this place from some other channel. I called it the Gauntlet. 😏
What if someone from wanted came up?
We could use some Swiss sanity in America.  Still have guns, but far less gun crime.
“I don’t wanna get into the politics of owning guns. I’m British I don’t think I’m qualified.” Damn wises words I’ve heard in a while!
Before even watching this I knew it was in switzerland.
"The wall is made of reinforced concrete and is around 30 cm thick. No projectiles can get through it."  I mean, a cannon might make it through.
Oh that's cool! And here we have our big long ranges in quarries out of town.
Almost everyone is a trained killer.
Ehh just wait
This is an unbelievably good video.
Switzerland- we have 2.4 million registered firearms. Demolition Ranch - Those are rookie numbers.
It's amazing.  You'd never, ever see this in America.  There'd be protests upon protests and news coverage with "experts" debating the dangers, and politicians involved, and anti-gun organizations all over the country causing a major ruckus.  I'm fairly certain someone would bring up "think of the children" and it would all end in riots.
13%.
If America would make us Train with fire arms I would feel better about the idea of war but right now we would die if American soil was attacked.
I'd like to see the range danger area template for that!
This is why I think compulsory military or public service is the ultimate path to public safety
no actually they're moving targets and will reward you with extra points if you hit it
bussy road
Tom getting a 10 reminds me of that saying about putting 1000 monkeys in a room with typewriters...
Literally just like any range. Without the cars. Shitting on something you are not educated about isn't very wise
god dammit i love the swiss
There are quite a few very big “ifs” embedded in that discussion.
Amazing content as per usual.
Thank you for covering the shooting sports in an unbiased manner. We are a sore community when it comes to media coverage, 90% of the time. ♡
No one is insane enough to do that here. 'Religion of Peace' hold my beer.
They use microphones to calculate where the bullets hit. That is INCREDIBLE technology.
Very unique, but my immediate thought was how annoying to have to cross a busy highway to set up/retrieve your targets, looks like they don't allow paper targets like they do at ranges where I'm from?
Let's get some built over the M6...
If you wanna know the prevalence of gun crimes, look at racial crime statistics and you'll know why. :)
Liberals in the US would go absolutely more nuts than they already are (which is hard to believe is possible) if we tried to build something like this in America.
In Pennsylvania USA my understanding is that you can fire across a highway while hunting if the road is some distance below your line of sight.
@Tom Scott, Guns are legal in the UK
Just watching this so I know where NOT to drive, thanks Tom 👍
Loaded guns without crime, mental illness and toxic ideologies is like... bullets without... a gun. 🤔
This is like an accident waiting to happen. A stupid show especially in a country with tons and tons of land.
“No bullets can penetrate the wall” *50 BMG Raufoss has entered the chat*
Nice .. sensible gun ownership .. in Australia we threw guns under the bus after the Port Arthur massacre .
But why?  You're telling me there isnt enough land in Switzerland to build a shooting range without having to shoot over a highway?
This goes to show that both extremes of the gun control argument are stupid. Giving everyone a gun without training is a death sentence, but the guns aren't the problem: it's the people.
The US could learn a thing or two from the Swiss.
3:06 Well not with that attitude. :/
As a typical American, I had more rifles than this entire country. Unfortunately, the vast majority were lost in my extensive history of tragic boating accidents.
everytime i see something about how great switzerland/denmark/sweden/norway is i feel sad i dont live there
That guy was extremely easy to understand despite my weak German language skills
The levels of regulation and training involved here are anathema to a certain kind of "firearms are a right" person in certain other notable high gun ownership countries.
What if a projectile hits the wall at a weird angle at the very top, and somehow spins down into a car? Too risky imo. Breaks 2 of 6 of the basic rules of gun safety: keep gun pointed in the safest possible direction; know your target, its surroundings, and beyond.
Finding out as a dutch guy this feed doesn't need any subtitles 👍 Great vod as usual btw🙏
Nice grouping
My theory is that we've effectively prevented gun violence in Switzerland by making shooting a chore. And I ain't doing chores if I don't have to.
I was hoping for a Bloke or Chap cameo.
As a German speaker I'm always wow'ed by Swiss dialects. So aurally interesting.
The fact that there IS a trajectory to hit the road when standing up makes me uncomfortable.
I was going to say this is unnecessarily dangerous, but then you got to the part about having to lay down and the concrete wall. This is perfectly safe. Yes, somebody could decide they wanted to stand up and take pot-shots at cars, but that's as likely to happen as them taking the rifle and pointing it at the guy next to them. If a person wanted to take potshots at cars, they wouldn't be doing it from there.
We used to shoot 1,000 yard F class matches on old air force base and shot over a public road. However, they would post someone on each end at the gate, "no through traffic".  That giant concrete wall  changes things! Bullet makes target or hits the wall.
I'm honestly more interested in those targets they look super cool, would love an in depth explanation of them 😁 also well done, I've only shot a few times but it's super fun, I should go back to the club one of these days
One day a very tall car drive pass, nobody is shooting, it's a military tank.
That's insane but brilliant...
4:25 - *Every conservative gun owners thoughts on why gun control is silly ever*
No wonder Switzerland has been a safe haven
Swiss German is a hell of a drug.
You could have a pit where people could stand and shoot I suppose ..
there is no such thing as "schutzwaffen". he's saying "schusswaffen", that's plain firearm, schuss = fire.
mfw tom spends half the video offering assurances about hypothetical bad situations because pansies will freak out at the sight of an inanimate object
Didn't you already make this?
Well engineered, well managed and well regulated. The way it should be.
Wtf I'm dutch, but I can understand the guy at the shooting range. How?
I'm learning German, and I've heard... things, about Swiss German. Many of them seem to be true here.
Electronic targets.  Tres cool!
Switzerland has very high levels or gun ownership, but also very high levels of gun control and gun safety training for gun owners. That's what the US don't get, better gun control enhances gun ownership for legitimate gun owners.
Can you hear the crack of the sonic boom from the bullets overhead from the highway?
Tom, "2 hours from Zürich" is a stupid description of any place in Switzerland. Please look up the closest bigger city to a place next time: It's 30 minutes from Bern
That is just scary 😨
Props on you for making a gun video in this day and age. Good content, focus on the safety and education. This was a great surprise
Could we please get a more in depth explanation of the microphone scoring system on the plus channel?
As a Swiss person I approve very neutrality
"and if there is they havent made it here...." famous last words on a viral yt vid
More Proof that Tom Scott is secret MI6 Super Spy.
Am I the only one here getting deja vu?
Would be cool to stand on the side of the road while people are shooting just to hear the bullets flying over your head
You mean it’s not actually the fact that we have a lot of guns in this country (U.S) that is the problem, but the untrained and mentally unbalanced people behind the guns?!?!  Who could have guessed??
Damn, congrats on getting on trending
American liberal democrats would DIE just seeing this video!
I really wanted to see how many divots were in that concrete wall.
What a flex
Everyone who owns a gun knows how to use it.. amazing!
I ĺove this vid. I knew of this range before, but this was so nice to see in a vid. If you shoot a weapon -it should be in a controlled environment. Not like in the US - you have private land, just shoot. With deadly power comes control, mental calmness and training -spoorting shooters, hunters, military. Home defence -lights, sirens, chilli shotguns, reinforced doors (us doors are ridiculous weak)   Looking at the shootings in the US. Who is shooting,  with what, where... do the math, use you brain.
did Roger Federer have to do service?
My son is on a youth shotgun team. There are thousands and thousands of kids who compete in the various shotgun disciplines, shooting millions of shells per year, year after year. How many accidents have there been? None. Everyone takes safety very seriously. Partly for the reason you mentioned… it’s NOT a cheap sport. A competition shotgun can cost anywhere from $600 to $60,000 or more. There are league fees, other equipment (just the lenses for the eye protection can cost hundreds of dollars per shade), ammo itself is not cheap. Nobody is going to pay all that money, put in hundreds of hours of practice per year, and throw it away by goofing off. That reminds me, I have a shotgun and some chokes to clean!
Genuine question that I haven't seen yet, what if a tall truck drives past?
What I am asking myself is: -what about the few animals that live behind that wall, isnt the loud sound harmful for them? I am not quiet sure about the distance and how loud they hear the permanent gunshots but it feels kind of weird knowing that. -so the guinshots shouldnt be so loud that they can scare any people in their cars even if they have opened windows? are there any warning signs at that road earlier? - I saw a little way just underneath the targets, is it really safe to cross or cant you be there?  I am not sure if anyone here will or can answer my questions and if they are silly or not but i am quiet curious about this:  Greetings from Switzerlands neighbour Germany to everyone.
To me, "stupid" and "Switzerland" don't go together.
Americans: 80,000 a year! I could do that at a party tonight
Liked/Subscribed. A story and example on the right and responsible way to handle guns. Thank you.
get off of my youtube homepage scott 😟
"training". Nah, just common sense. You have little faith in humanity if you think training will sort out the psychopaths, or too much faith in training.
Ordinarily the bullet's travel shouldn't hit anything on the road. Ordinarily. But if it deflected off a rock it could well rebound and hit someone passing by.
The right gun control: firm control of the trajectory of your shots through careful handling of your firearm!  Brave Tom, hope you had fun out there learning to shoot. It can be quite fun.
cow 20 points, car 100 points, speeding car 500 points, double decker bus 1 free shot.
Awesome video!
Is there no possible way that a bullet could ricochet (say, by skimming the very top of the concrete barrier) or hit the target area wrong and cause harmful debris to be ejected?
The world libertarians dream of
This is so interesting! I don't know a ton about guns or gun use in general but it seems they have the right idea there.
No politics, just fun gun shooting. Also the language of Swiss/German is weird but awesome to listen to.
An another video with a bit german language!
I've been waiting for you to make a video on this range for years. I knew you'd get around to it eventually.
as someone who speaks dutch and had three years of german in school, it's incredible how much better i can understand swiss-german than Hochdeutsch  edit: typo
Too bad most American Gun owners get NO training in Gun Safety. The Wild West in NYC!
Nice shooting!
These guys get character check, gets military training and they get to keep the guns. Vast majority of gun owners are military trained. They are not given ammunition which is kept separate or only basic few ammunition. They have functioning social security and mental health program. Why I am not surprised there are little to no gun 'incidents' in Switzerland.
Three times the speed of sound?😂
It's so strange that the what if factor never got anyone shot here 🤔 I live in the US. The what if factor has been keeping people from shooting at places like this for ten thousand years 😁
I fully well expected to see Bloke. What no colab?
If liberals were right about their opinion, this would be the largest massacre place on earth, but by their logic so would gun shows, both prove them wrong on more levels than they can comprehend
The what?
Over? I was firing right at that car.
Remember Tom, switching to your sidearm is faster than reloading. It might come handy one day.
That wasn't a bad grouping for someone not familiar with firearms.  Well done Tom!
training is the big difference here from most other places.
What makes Switzerland so different to the US when it comes to people getting hurt?
So, do you hear the shots when you're at the road (standing without cars going around you)? Do you in a car?
I get that it’s safe, but still, that’s just bonkers wild.
Love the joy of a 10. That's the love of shooting.
"High rate of gun ownership and low rate of people getting hurt by them". You know what else they have a lot less of?
Ah, bless
Why does Swiss German sound like Dutch to me?
Which just goes to show that guns in themselves are not a problem. Lack of respect for them and other people *IS* . Switzerland: Highest gun ownership in Europe, lowest armed crime rate.
What, however, if Tom decided to fly a drone right in the path of the bullets to get a cool shot?
Ah, the place Lindy Beige went about a year ago...
wow, i love your video s and I love shooting, this is a great video! love weird swiss shooting ranges too.
What did I learn?  The Swiss fire their arms at each other about as much as they fire them at their enemies.
the people make it safe, this is the reason americans should not be allowed to have guns
Yep that settles it, I'm leaving California and moving to Switzerland. Now to learn German.
Ive never seen those electronic targets here in the US. Only in Europe. Would like to see a range with this tech.
A Swiss Gaz from 2 pints?
in at least Washington State in the US that would be illegal regardless of berms or angles being safe. there's a regulation that bans firing a gun across a road, even a dirt forest service road.
Why does "Swiss German" sound like something from Scandinavia?
That's the core difference between the USA and more civilised countries. National service teaches respect for firearms, and that respect is passed down to the children, who are reinforced again with military service. I'm not condoning the military service, but it's the forming of cultural attitudes that is at work here. In America, you've interpreted an old document as granting you 'god given rights to own guns' and any attempt to stop mass deaths from them is seen as imposing on that right. It alters your culture and will take generations to change.
Bloke on the range?
PTSD
Proving its not the gun or even the shooter that is the real problem, its the culture!
I know it's unimaginably unlikely but could a bullet glance the very top of the wall causing it to spin forward (creating an opposite Magnus effect) and therefore angle down to the road? 😋😋
Do the people driving hear the gunshots?
Gun to the USA will remain unsolvable just like the NHS is for Brits, both need nuance to fix yet are too politically toxic and entrenched for that to happen.
It is a fact that people who want to use a gun to cause harm go to places where there is little to no chance of someone else having a gun.
Free moving targets!
I fully support gun ownership by those who are qualified to do so. No one else.
I have no idea if this is true, but I once read that Switzerland has more gun owners per capita than the US, but the US has more guns per capita, so American gun owners are more likely to own personal armories than something reasonable for their needs.  This is a good and responsible culture with guns.
If this is unbelievable wait until you hear about the "Knabenschiessen" where 13 year olds shoot this rifle!
i'm surprised that i understand the original audio as a german ^^
het ja müesse i de schwiiz sii ^^
What does this say about America?
"I'm not going to get into the politics of gun ownership. I'm British. I'm not exactly qualified."  Thank you for that.
Don't take a crossbow to this range.
Swiss are the Germans that are the most warlike. So warlike no one dears challenging them for 373 years now.
This looks like fun!
A rifle range with a road going across it? Pah. There's pubs with ranges *inside the pub* here in the UK (though I think their use is discouraged these days...).
Switzerland has high rates of suicide by gun. Some minorities are forbidden from possessing firearms. Some people might be interested in some Swiss gun politics
Crime culture in the USA is among the worst in the world.
Imagine breaking down behind that wall and then hearing the crack of a round going over your head.
engagement
😶
I am helpless. Please stay by my side  Never worry about numbers.  Help one person at a time and always start with the person next to you.
Almost like a rigorous vetting process allows enthusiasts to enjoy shooting while acting as a deterrent to mentally unstable getting their hands on firearms...
"I'm not going to get into the politics of chainsaw ownership" This is how stupid these people sound.
What the heck is that language (I ask, as someone who only spoke German until age 5) ?!
I think what you meant to say is Switzerland has a very high percentage of gun ownership but a very low percentage of idiots.
Is there another viral video on this place or is this a re upload or something? I swear I have seen this exact video a couple years ago! I thought it was a Tom Scott video, but I must be mistaken!
Guns are tools, people are the ones responsible for how they use them and that goes for everything
I’d be worried about a round not being properly loaded and it shooting short but over the barrier
Hmm, not wholly sold on that. A partial mis-fire that was also aimed a little high can clear the wall and hit the road. They're depending on each and every round being good.   Training / etc is all very well and good, but accidents are the things that happen when all the holes in the (swiss) cheese line up despite everyone's best intentions.
Big deal, in America every school is a shooting range.
in my village there's nor even a wall, tbf, the road is also much less active
By chance i was talking about this gun range a week ago, this is great
Dont close your non dominant eye to aim. You'll get tired and it's ineffective anyway. If you wanna shoot, learn to pay attention to the eye looking through the uprights. (Or scope- I use uprights, I dont like scopes. )  Also dont break cheek to stock after every shot. Keep your face on the firearm, breathe, and shoot. Break cheek to stock after several shots, then rezero rifle.
Proof that people are the problem, not the guns..
I thought they made people keep their guns in a government controlled armory in Switzerland.
If their ever is a zombie outbreak, I'm going to switzerland SEE YA
Lijkt wel een beetje op Nederlands alleen sommige woorden versta ik helemaal niet
4:35 Tom Scott unknowingly shows how gun laws don't work
My question is how does someone keep cows in this area without them being spooked all the time from gunfire? It doesn't even seem like there is much of a fence keeping them in.
Living in southern Germany I've heard the expression: "Switzerland doesn't have an army, Switzerland *is* an army".
I understand why they require prone but I hate it so much. Breaks my back after like 2 minutes.
Every time you upload I’m impressed how you got that video idea and made it interesting to watch. Really appreciate it, good work Tom!
I'm just now finding out about these electronic targets
Swiss German is weird.
What a cool range...Impressed with the electronic target system.
camera quality is amazing on this one!
Hell no. No no no no no, NO! If that was here in the USA, there would be idiots shooting cars by accident every week.
The “rifle range” where i live in southern Oregon is an empty hillside at the end of a logging road, half a mile off the main highway. The targets are old washing machines, plastic jugs and discarded mattresses.
Het is net Fries
Austria with a similar population just has a little over a million (registered) guns. I guess that's because it's easier to keep the firearm from the army in Switzerland.
This is the perfect place to open up my trampoline park
As soon as I saw the thumbnail I knew this had to be in Switzerland. I don't know, the whole package was there.
This would never work in the US, someone would try exactly what you mentioned at the end.
The swiss guy spoke almost like a mix between hochtdeusch and norwegian/swedish.
Huh, that's how the swiss do it. I just go out in my back yard. Edit: Yes, I live in the Southeast US.
It has a few hints of dutch in it..the way they speak haha
Interesting. I‘ve driven this road oh so many times and wondered where they are shooting from, only seeing the targets…  Funny also to hear it is “two hours from Zurich“ when it’s only about 30 minutes from the Swiss capital 😜
This feels unreal! Thats 15minutes from where I live! What the heck?!
If only the gun country was as enthusiastic about following rules and training when it comes to guns, instead of its their God given constitutional right to own a gun.
I live in the USA & am a strong supporter of 2A right to bear arms. But also I think we have fewer deaths from mass shootings than we would otherwise have if most of these people weren't such terrible shots. More gun and gun safety training is great! But also we need better social programs in USA to make fewer people want to kill themselves or others.
most deaths in u.s. from guns are from handguns.  I am a gun owner and hunter, but I would have no problem if had guns were outlawed, as long as law enforcement could not have them either.
Waarom klinkt dat duits zo nederlands?
Didn't you make this video before?
Isn’t this where bloke on the range likes to shoot?
What about ricochet? Surely that unpredictable enough to make this not totally fool proof? 🤷‍♂️
Ain't guns toys for emasculated men?
Clearly this is a secret ploy by the Swiss Military to train a legion of cows that are not afraid of gun fire to use as a mobile shield wall.  With their MOObile cover they will be able to conquer India without retaliation.
Cool
These are common in Switzerland, there is one near Basel too, on the way to Gempen. Nice video!
Interesting stuff, but I find it troubling that this video normalises the idea of owning and using firearms for fun.
Bloke on the Range has several videos here that are well worth watching.
*confused American noises intensifies*
What if you fired the rifle at an angle high enough for the bullet to fall back down into the road and hit a car?
nice vid
Not far away from lies the Emmental valley, where they use cheese as target for the shooting range ;-)
Would be fun to drive here while theyre shooting and hear bullets whizzing by
I feel that maybe this shouldn't of been done on a major road, maybe would be better in a more local area, because unfamiliar people might get scared of it.
The swiss also have a very homogenous culture compared to the US and much of Europe.  Statistically, there is a large correlation between trying to mix incompatible cultures and violence.
Is this a re-upload?
They built the range in 1998 but somehow managed to acquire the electronic scoreboards from the set of Alien
"No projectiles can get through it. It's impossible." hides 7 rocket launchers
I am a precision shooter for about 15 years, trained on all sorts of shooting ranges across Germany but never seen something remotely like this… totally cool and perfectly plausible 👍
Im curious Why they did not just build a slightly higher wall to allow for non prone shooting? Or is Prone only shooting part of the blanket safety rules in general over there?  There is no arguing that it wouldn't be safer for sure, but fir training purposes you would think you would want to shoot in other positions as well
It helps that Switzerland doesn't have the CIA to commit mass shootings.
They clearly are not thinking about any passing giraffe.  Save the giraffes! Send me 20 dollars.
*Shooting over cars* eh, seems safe
Imagine the outcry if you were to attempt this in the US.
whats interesting about this... is that the problem with guns in the USA isnt about the guns... but about the culture.
Moral of the story: You should pass a test before you get to handle a firearm .just like you need yo pass a test before you get to drive
Switzerland has also never been invaded, or been involved in any wars of aggression outside its borders. Except in WW2 when they defended their airspace from the US Army airforce, and were deliberately bombed by the Americans. Heck of a rifle range ))
No Tom, you need to STAY AWAY from guns, or at the very least make sure to drink lots of tea when close to them. Because if you fail that, you will start the one transformation into an American... :D
It's all fun and games until the Bluth family stairs truck comes rolling past
I grew up in Germany so I speak a little German. This guys accent was something incredible 😅😉
WOOOOHOOO MY COUNTRY!
Education is more effective than any gun ban. I'd also like to point out that Switzerland has an amazing drug prevention program which is really effective. You keep the demand for drugs down and gun violence drops too. USA and Canada need to follow suit, the bans accomplish nothing because people will always be able to get their hands on weapons.
If the liberals tryna to ban guns only thought like this in America. Banning guns does not take them away from actual criminals only the honest people.
We have a gun club (clay targets) in south east Melbourne that fires towards a freeway.  However at 750m away it is out of range.  There is even a radio aero club between the freeway and the gun club.  When there is a light breeze from that direction we can just hear the shotguns at 7.5km away.
I saw that thumbnail and title and was instantly sure this might be in switzerland😂 liebi grüess🇨🇭
If I ever have the pleasure of visiting Switzerland, that stretch of highway is where I’ll probably get a flat tire.
I get experiance and precision but.... the wall near the range blocking the freeway appears flat (and concrete as reported in the video) it does not appear to be angled, if a bullet hit it, wouldnt it bounce straight back at the shooter? If it were angled or has some absorbing material then that would answer my question. If people were not capable of making mistakes then it wouldnt matter, they wouldnt need that wall either.
Hopp Schwiiz!
Hey, what ever happened to Chris Kyle anyways?
I love gun safety
I remember Bloke On The Range did a video on this as well.
What's the demographics of Switzerland?
I wanna see that target tech here in the states. That would be so helpful.
Bloke on the Range beat you to this video by 5 years.
Guns are fun. Guns save the lives of innocents. Evil people use guns to murder. Ban evil people
That’s cause they aren’t American, murphys law doesn’t apply to the swiss but it does to Americans. Anything that can happen will happen in America we have people crazy enough who would move to Switzerland, get a permit go through all that training and try to shoot someone just to prove you wrong
Im not sure if somehow the bullet will bounce of the wall and maybe hit the traffic or something still i rather not passing through that road.
AMERICA! F*CK YE- Wait what?
You hit all the points that are relevant for safe and sensible gun ownership. 👌
Why isn't this in the US? 🤣
Most European countries with high ownership of guns have few instances of gun violence.  And that was true until we had the brilliant plan of mass immigration and throwing out citizenship to anyone that wanted it.   The Swizz did not partake in that lunacy where you prioritize the needs of businesses over your own citizens.
This is the most -American- Swiss thing I've ever seen
4:30 "You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore." - Best line ever Tom
From a physics standpoint, would it be possible for a round to lose enough kinetic energy to drop into traffic if it skimmed the top of the wall?
You struck a commendably even-handed tone, as ever, Tom. Well done.
Very cool
It's the amount of guns people own is why nobody has been hurt by guns because no one will mess with you if you got a gun
It's almost like firearms don't kill people or something
And in Murica someone who barely knows how to read has acces to Assault Rifles
Thats a funny word for Chicago
List of things that could never work in the states.
I'm glad we got an episode on this, known about it for years thanks to Bloke on the Range Also shows the innate truth that firearms themselves are not dangerous, dangerous people are dangerous.
No eye protection?
This is amazing!
Who knew Tom was a natural shooter. Hitting a ten in that little tries from that far away. Maybe shooting runs in your British blood Tom
"No projectiles can go through it"  Appears with gustav gun
Ah yes, my overprotective teacher’s nightmare
Looks very familiar to where lindybiege filmed his rifle shooting
3:08 _Well..._ I wouldn't say *NO* projectile could get through it.  The Schwerer Gustav could probably punch through that like paper.  But you know, anything fired at *Swedish* range couldn't. Just everything fired at an American rage could.
Sadly the video misses out on WHY there is a road between the target and shooting boxes :(
Who would have though training was the most important to gun safety. I bet if you asked any gun owner they definitely wouldn't say that.
You have to come and visit next time you’re in the Bern area!🤗
Swiss: German equivalent of Glaswegian
only in switzerland would they trust their public
even at my old home in cantone zürich there was a firing range with 2 hiking trails inbetween the targets and the range, and i've never heard of an accident. it looked quite creepy though and i never felt comfortable walking past that place, hearing the shots on the other side and the bullets whipping the ground above me^^
Two hours from Zürich?  It's more like half hour from Bern (the capital of Switzerland :-)
Imagine transporting some overweight load...
Oh seems like the perfect spot for me and my other psychopathic buddies to come learn how to shoot a gun at moving targets oh sorry meant stationary targets, yes of course.
I've talked to some Swiss people last week about military service and firearms. Apparently, while in service, you keep your military issue firearm at home. After your service, you get to keep it, but they do a small mod to it so it is no longer full auto. Approaches to safety are interesting too, the general idea is that keeping the bolt in a separate room is sufficient.
Compulsory military and firearm training are honestly some notes we need to take here in The States. Theres a reason it works.
Only concern I would have here is it looks like there's a lot that a bullet might ricochet off of and down into traffic below.
I really like the way Edwin Karlen's sweater/jacket looks, looks very comfy
Thank God I'm American!!!! More guns thank you.
You're not a free citizen unless you have the ability to defend yourself. Gun ownership makes you a citizen.
Why do I feel the urge to say "It has had to be in Switzerland"? And by the way: I am Swiss...
it felt like i could almost understand the language but just not quite... what an anoying feeling that gives.
Those Swiss!
I'd be more worried about the cows.
I think America has so much more gun violence than Switzerland because Americans watch propaganda all day and learn to hate each other aggressively as a pastime. Switzerland is well-known for their neutrality which is a huge virtue
Time to move to switzerland
Im having hardcore deja vu did some1 else do this video and id think it was tom
Seeing that titkevan knowing where Tom has been and actually beeing right💪🏽
Is it just me or are there others id love to sit near the road and listen to the bullets zip past?...
Wow, while I can see the safety measures and appreciate the training the shooters go through-- they sure are a trusting lot!
those safety rules and basic practices, not to mention the training, are far more the norm in American shooting sports as well. its something of a politically motivated lie that America has a gun problem. if you are not involved in criminal activity of some sort or suicidal, you are more likely to be struck by lightning than shot.
This is not unique to Switzerland. It used to be that you had to shoot across Wrekin Course road when firing at ranges greater than 300 yards at the Wrekin rifle range in Shropshire. At least, that was the case in the mid '70s, when I last shot there.
Very Cool :)
I don't wanna be that guy but a proper training before you get your hands on a firearm would save so many lives in the country that must not be named
Of course you could hit the road, you'd just need to fire at a higher angle.  The bullet would go high in the air and come down over the wall.
If you exclude minority demographics, the US murder rate is barely above those in Europe.
I wonder if Switzerland has any criminal organizations among their population? 🤔
"Breaking the safety rules surrounded by military trained firearm enthusiasts is, ah, not a great plan." Could this be why mass shooting events always seem to happen at schools, night clubs and tourist destinations? Shooters who want to play Rambo go to places where people aren't likely to shoot back?
Here in the States, that would never fly. (For good reason, sadly enough.) There are two sides to the gun culture here: responsible, sane adults, and crazy assholes.
There used to be a similar range near Biel where shots come directly over the main highway. Despite the old one only having a protecting earth wall they never had an injury resulting in bloodshed. Hearing loss is still a huge business for aid makers!
US vs Swiss gun ownership really needs a serious comparison from some group with funding and knowledge.  That aint me.
If I had a dollar for every time I saw a British talking about this firing range, I’d have 2 dollars. Which isn’t a lot of money, but it’s weird it happened twice.
I like those electronic targets....I would be willing to go to the range more if they had more of those....
Once again Europe showing America how it’s done
Great video! Saadly i missed you guys here! In our shooting club we shoot over 150‘000 rounds per Year and as long as i can remember we never had an emergency or accident.  As for 2022 come in September to Zürich, to the Kids shooting competition called Knabenschiessen. There the young between 14 and 16 Years old have a competition by themselves. A big party, with lot of history behind it.
Switzerland is the United States of Europe. Prove me wrong.
“No projectile can get through it, it’s impossible”  The guy turning up with a 20mm anti-materiel rifle:
but what if youre a regular civilian & someones shooting & you jump really high above the wall
This will not works in the USA
So do drivers hear random bullet cracks when they're driving by?
1:24 that hard fact then turnaway was the hottest roast ive ever seen
ooh tom is in switzerland finally
I didn't expect this to exist.      Also, even tho I'm German, i can't understand Swizz German.
One squib round and bad timing makes this an unbelievably bad concept
A good demonstration of how way of thinking and personal responsibility can reduce restrictive and otherwise unnecessary laws.
wait for it^^
"This is 100% safe, never had any incidents" - tom proceeds to hit a bird above the road which hits a car which flips and causes a major accident...
The only qualm I have with this video is that Tom described the shooting range to be „in Switzerland. 2 hours from Zurich“. It‘s Switzerland, almost everything is two hours from Zurich. Heck, almost everything is two hours from everywhere else.
I'd like to buy Edwin two pints of lager and a packet of crisps.
Ich glaube ich war auch schon auf der Straße unterwegs auf dem Weg zu unseren Freunden vom UOV Interlaken 😉
If one follows basic firearms safety there is no such thing as an accidental shooting, only a negligent one. Yes some weapons may accidently discharge under certain conditions, but if you follow the rules even those rare incidents will cause no harm. Drives me nuts every time I see a shooting labeled an accident when the reality is there HAD to be negligence involved.
1:28 💄💄👞👞
The part I liked most it's a rewording of the things Americans always say, it's not legal gun owners that are the problem, sensible enough to go through the paperwork and unhinged enough to do it is also an apt description of something that probably doesn't exist. I hope this helps people understand even a little why gun owners are so pro gun in the USA.
Americans: WRITE THAT DOWN WRITE THAT DOWN   Reality: I don’t care
Apart from the training, I believe that there is a huge difference between rifles (regardless if they are for hunting animals or military use against enemy soldiers) and hand guns intended for "personal protection".  Most likely rifles in Switzerland are stored the same was as in Sweden: With a "critical part" stored separately from the main body of the weapon, and any ammunition (if you even have ammunition at home for a military or sports rifle) in a third safe.  Hand guns intended to shoot trespassers will most likely be loaded and close at hands at all times.  It is not about being unhinged, it is about opportunity.
What’s political about self defense?
I know you didn't want to get into gun controversy buuuut THIS is the kind of gun ownership I approve of. Properly trained shooters with sensible regulations. None of this "everyone and their dog can wave a glock in your face" attitude that goes on in the US.
All of this is very cool, but in particular the explanation of the electronic target is such an awesome idea!
Do you have any footage from below the concrete wall? I'm wondering how loud the shots are at the road.
My brain auto corrected busy as bussy. That's enough internet for today.
That’s an interesting target system. I wonder if it would require calibration at different altitudes, given that it’s based on pressure changes.
Things that are legal in Switzerland: Guns Things that are illegal in Switzerland: Motorsports.
I love the descripition of the place: "about 2 hours from zürich".. this applies on the whole country 😂
Yo, you were in Switzerland and didn't even tell us :(   Hope you liked it! Thanks for your content, Scott! Have a great week!
What if there is someone up between those trees? What if someone misses the target?
Has the sound of rifles caused any accidents? Somebody might think they had a flat tire!
you say that you dont want to get into the politics of guns.. then you immediately do by saying a pro gun statistic...    yawn
The road seems so safe that I'm more concerned about the lack of visible fencing around the target area, especially in a place like Switzerland that has such great freedom to roam laws. That unpaved road seems to access more than just the targets too. I would totally obliviously investigate this weird concrete structure, was there anything out of shot (pun not intended) to save me from myself?
This is mind-blowing and yet completely straight forward. Gotta give it to the swiss, they sure know their decorum.
diversity is our strength --   Switzerland proves it is not
This reaks of 1950's America Fallout culture. Like......  I don't care if you all are mentally sane, totally stable, and never will disobey shooting rules.  The fact is you're aiming a metal tube loaded with controlled explosives that fires a pointy object over a busy highway/road. One failure of the equipment and boom you take out suzy in the back of a 4 door sedan.  This just seems like an asinine place to have a shooting range.
A remarkable video on gun safety, with just about a catchy enough title to draw people in
Think Tom's been holding out on us - he's a Special Forces computing / linguistics / (and much more besides) nerd! Great vid', thanks Tom!
How does the target measurement work? How do they determine the position, if the microphones are on just one axis?
There's really no politics to it. All humans have a right to bare arms.  Some humans have willingly given up that right, under false pretenses....and some still wish to maintain their rights.  🤷‍♂️
…and that’s why no one dares to drive around in a lifted truck in Switzerland😂
Nice range, but my range here in the US has both a country-club like indoors (50yds) range, an outdoors (from 10yds to 300yds), plus 5 skeet ranges.  Freedom.
In a country where most of the population have a firearm, but due to the screening process, training, laws and respect of such devices have the lowest shooting incidents per capita for the amount of guns in circulation.   By contrast, US cops are not the brightest and spend more time learning how to kill the public with their guns than on how to defuse and calm a situation. I guess, you only get out of it what you put in.   Now the US just needs to change that out-of-date amendment that obviously was created for a long gone 'wild' west.
I'm always overwhelmed by how ridiculously cool your videos are! Love this!
As a swiss and especially a non professional officer in the military i gotta love this video, love your work in general, but this hits really close to home (even though that's not actually the right expression its fairly accurate). I really like "the swiss way" of dealing with arms e.g. the four primary rules... and i really like seeing them transmitted internationally and maybe changing some peaoples attitudes towards weapons (to the better)
Only in America.     What? This is in Switzerland?
Really good video. The USA's gun problem is an education problem, not a material one, and bans on strangely specific weapon types sadly won't do anything to improve their situation. (Conservatives can call "education problem" a training problem if that helps quell their anxiety I guess)
I had a chance to buy a .308 FAL in mid 90's for few hundred bucks,, kick myself for not getting it!
I love it. (Someone from the British isles now living in the USA)
Iron sights on that distance, with the added pressure of a busy road.  Good job ;).  An tx for documenting these amazing locations, this particular spot is now on my "places to visit" list for Switzerland.
God, how I envy the sensibilities of the Swiss
Are you allowed to fly after shooting the rifle? In the states we were denied access to firearms because residual gunpowder meant no flying.
Switzerland has common sense. US gun owners and lobbyists don't.  Although, I will point out that the US has 9 times as many gun owners, 74 million, as Switzerland has _people_ , around 8 million.
I recently fired an AR-15 in the UK. It was strapped down in such a way, I could load/shoot it freely but no way I could have pointed it at a person. It was cool and safe. Take note America, no one died that day.
Lindy Beige did a video on this already nice to see someone else cover it.
America take note
We actually have one of these in the US. It's called Texas.
So, das chömmer jetzt schön de Amis under d Nase riibe
I swear you made this video like 5 years ago too. Like 80% sure I've seen something before.
tom scott destroys anti gun wankers HD
All fun and games until someone brings a rocket launcher
Imagine you live in the USA and think you have good gun laws😂
What happens if one of the bullets skims the top of the wall and then loses velocity and falls into a car?
The video title robot came up with this one
I'm surprised this wasn't a Bloke on the Range crossover, I think one of them has this as their local club.
Switzerland: How to have guns correctly and without mass shootings.
Tom you should keep both eyes open when you aim and shoot. If you close one eye, pressure grows in the eye thats open and distorts your vision just enough to ruin your shot
this channel is golden
The motorists are in far more danger from the surrounding cars than the overhead bullets.
Thats the sort of gun ownership and use that shouts reasonable to me. Licensed, controlled with an actual pastime/use for them. Getting permission to set up a club there definitely would have needed someone with half a brain to look at the plans and go... build a bullet proof wall there to protect the road ya good to go. Good video again.
I'm not a gun owner or enthusiast. And I don't think that removing all guns will remove gum accidents. To me the solution is that if you wanna own a gun you need a permit that needs to be earned and you have to go to special training regularly or the permit and your guns are confiscated. The reason why Switzerland and the us vary so much in gun violence but not ownership is that, as Tom said, almost every gun owner is highly trained
Criminals don't respect laws, gun laws only prevent lawful people from getting guns.
I don't speak german but even i can hear the difference between standart and swiss german hahahahhah
There are several more of these in Switzerland.
As I listen rather than watching half the video was lost on me. And yet I wouldn't ask you to change this approach.
Omg Tom im there right now for a month. Literally just 10km away. Are you still in Switzerland or is this older footage?
I think there's a rifle range near me (somewhere in or near Northamptonshire) that fires over a road.
I appreciate you taking the time to learn
this range in the us would a flat out no
Why does it go over a busy road isn’t that kind silly not necessarily dangerous but accidents do happen
I like everything about Switzerland (politics, people, nature) except the weather
Let’s see how it is in 50 with the demographic shift
And the cows look up now and again when the hear a moscito whizz past them.
Tom shooting a SIG... I'm very jealous.
"Im from the UK" bro did them dirty
Without making an argument regarding personal gun ownership you made a damned good argument for personal gun ownership. Statistically here in the states. the vast majority of gun violence, much of which never gets covered by the press, are done using illegally acquired firearms. And there are many cases where private gun owners have stopped violent crimes but that also doesn't get reported very widely. It's hard to make good political decisions when the media is not honestly and fairly reporting the news.
tom has won the aproval of my adhd tbh like half of my hyperfocus' are to do with his vids
I thought the thumbnail was the car drive jumpscare video
Also getting ammo in Switzerland is really hard compared to the US for example. Rifles aren’t any good without rounds
Would make traffic jams more interesting.
I actually once drove past that shooting range, but I didn't know they shoot from the other side of the road
It’s incredible how free your society can be when you have a robust sense of collective duty and personal responsibility
Me when I hear Switzerland 🍫 ⌚ Switzerland when they hear Switzerland 🔫
Hmmm I don't know about this...🤔😐🚂🚂🚂
That was so cool how they measure where the bullet hit.
Switzerland gun owners is what American gun owners think they are in their head.
Only 2
Highway? What about the cows!?
ich bin mier ziemlich sicher das ich das schomal gseh han
bruh
Imagine driving a truck from target on this road 😂😬
"I'm British, I'm not exactly qualified." -Tom Scott
That's what Germans become when they stay in the mountains... ^^
you didnt even mention the knaben scheissen witch is a yearly event where young teenagers are invited to Zurich to try out shooting and has a bunch of stalls around the area
the farmer using that gravel road to Access the forest must have balls of steel
Bussy road 🥵😩
Americans: "Gun related incidents are unavoidable..." Switserland: "Hold my weißebier"
And that's why training and education is important. Especially important to do it right
It's absolutely shocking there has to be a disclaimer like that at the very beginning of the video.
watching this as a swiss citizen living in zürich lmao
"about 2 hours from Zurich" could be in nearly all of switzerland, some parts of germany, austria and france
What if Clarkson passes through with his "Leaning Tower of Citroen"
in the subtitles you're also missing "schweizweit" which makes it sound like they have 2 incidents at *_that_* shooting range
80,000 rounds a year If this range is only open 12 hours a day, it will only have a less than 10 rounds fired per half hour
Your commentary on gun ownership and politics was just like the Swiss..very neutral! It's a sensitive subject. I'm British too, and can have a strong opinion about it. You were fairer than I can be. Respect.
responsible people owning guns doesn't scare me  here in the States, where any nutbar can own a gun, THAT terrifies me to the core
Bloke on the Range did a video on this!
Love that electronic shot tracker!  Wish I had that back in the day!
Krass
Another thing to point out is that while Swiss do have their military rifle at home, they don't necessarily have the munition, or if they do, it's sealed and can only be opened in case of attack. Please a Swiss citizen correct me on the details.
This is not true. Switzerland has a very high rate of people who are hurt by guns, mostly suicides, but also femicides. German has less than half of the Swiss rate, e.g. If you compare it with third-world countries like the US it may be low, but within civilized Europe, it's high.
all fun and games until a bullet richochets
Ohhh they're foreigners; that explains it 🤪
No time to go, no time to run, Tom Scott’s got a gun
seems both annoying and a reasonable compromise. they’re slightly naive to only be shooting and handling the weapon from a prone position but thats better than not having access to training
Well done! As someone who went through the training to become a shooting instructor in the military I have to say that we take the handling of the gun very seriously. And even more in a shooting range. Well done video.
I misread the caption at 0:47 as "come here by train regularly" but I only realized what it said when I realized I didn't hear "Zug" anywhere but instead heard "trainieren".  So funnily enough, my knowledge of German managed to help me in a language I understand far better than German.
I wonder if hitting top edge of the concrete fence could give you a trajectory where a bullet would end up hitting a car. (The bullet would need to be going extremely slow after "brushing" the top of the fence).
I'm just like "please don't be america, please don't be america"
Cars are for extra points
Damn it Tom, back at it again with the clickbait red arrows. Abominable, I will report you to YouTube for disturbing and offensive content.
Tom, you are in Switzerland? You are invited, I can make some fondue!
I just don't get the appeal of firing a gun... The only shooting ranges I'd go to are for bow and arrows :D
We have shooting houses like this all over Switzerland.  This one is the exception.  Near my home within 3 kilometers there are 2 separate shooting clubs.  Both have specific days when they shoot.  And when they do certain hiking paths that i regularly use are closed. Spaces are shared here in Switzerland.  It's very normal gir such a small country.
shoutout to the cows
This is something the yanks can learn from
WRONG! Switzerland has one of the highest rates of deaths per capita in the developed world despite not having any gang crime or violent urban centres etc. Why GUNS! The firearm-related death rate per 100,000 population per year in Switzerland is 2.64, in the UK it is 0.20. Take a look through gun deaths per 100,000 in Europe and Switzerland has one of, if not the highest, rates per capita and it has the most relaxed gun laws. So this proves that even in a nation with little poverty or other problems often blamed for high gun deaths, it is guns that lead to high gun deaths.    You can check all the countries that border Switzerland; Germany, France and even Italy all have lower per capita death rates from guns. I thought I could rely on you for decent research but you opened this video by repeating a well worn and well debunked right-wing gun owners talking point.
This kind of thing is actually quite common. Where I used to live there was a shooting range that shot across a running path, and there was just a sign warning of the danger.
For further clarification you are allowed to shoot in a kneeling position and even in a upright standing one, but you have to open the floor with the handle seen at 2:33 in the video.
Firearms are ok, but am I the only one bothered by the unsecured cows near the  highway ?
Idk why but seeing Tom shoot a gun gives me an immense amount of happiness 😂
Isn't it interesting how regulation make even homicide devices perfectly safe, and a net benefit for the country.  Well regulated. Huh.
Gotta say, that accent was spicy
A setup like that would last less than a week in the US before someone shot a car.  Just cultural differences.
Ah nobody said it already? Alright I'll do it. This is why Switzerland is Switzerland and <insert many other countries here> is <said country>.
Amazing they do this yet banned Motorsport…
Saw the title and knew it was in Switzerland.
I'm british, I can talk about gun control for you Tom: it's far too strict in this country. Thanks, next question.
I bet there is a sign: "You have to be below this height to not get shot."
2:45 E.P.
In Switzerland you can go to the "Jungschützen" which is the juniors (15-20y) section of those shooting ranges, for free! Teenagers learn how to shoot with the rifle you shot, stgw 90, over 300m. You also learn the most important thing, gun safety! It's very ingrained in our society, everyone I know that owns a gun has the necessary training and respect. Back when I was still a member of the shooting range, around 17 years old, I would have my personal assault rifle at home, but we would leave a piece (Verschluss idk the word in english) and the ammunition at the shooting range. I would walk through the main train station and would ride the train with the rifle on my back to go to the shooting range. No one ever bat an eye.
I feel like I've seen this video before? Like specifically about Tom Scott going to a shooting range in switzerland where you shoot over a road.
Seems like a kinda boring range
Most people aren’t violent and don’t want to commit crimes. These good people are criminals victims. Arm these people and criminals are less likely to harm them  Therefore, higher rates of gun ownership mean less crime as criminals are less likely to attack someone who they know is probably armed.
From what the range-guy said, they don’t get “incidents”, but what bothers me is the possibility of a defective round. For example, a “flyer”, that due to a manufacturing defect does not fly straight and true. Or a case leak / below spec on the amount of explosive propellant causing the round to drop more rapidly than normal.
Someone should stick a big yellow duck on their car roof and drive down the road.
Guns don't kill people. Guns not owned by the Swiss kill people.
Somehow hearing this makes me think I'm hearing a Dutch person speaking German.  For reference, I am Dutch. Like 0:52's "140", I am hearing: "Honderdviertzig", which is very close to "Honderdveertig". Not what I would expect, "Hunderd" with the U quite noticable. Can any Swiss person tell me if this guy is speaking with an odd accent or is this the regular normal Swiss language?
But... why ?
I'd take any average Swiss rifleman over any average American into the zombie apocalypse is what I got from this video. Thanks Tom! 😂
The best place to learn gun safety is going to a shooting range with an experience firearm owner. Even better is to take courses (whether required by state/federal law or not) and then go with an experience shooter. Learn the ins and outs of gun operation and range etiquette. I've seen rare instances of unsafe operation and those people are typically berated or even chased out of the range. Many of the most responsible and trustworthy people I know are gun owners and enthusiasts because responsible ownership requires discipline and attention to safety.
everybody gangsta until a really tall car drives by
This is "safe" like the titanic was "unsinkable". Ricochet, fragmentation, manufacturing errors, double decker buses, etc... It's really easy to imagine something going wrong. And don't discount the Swiss instinct for sweeping inconvenient incidents under the rug. Scott is so credulous.
Firearms are designed to be lethal and should only be used in the most extreme of circumstances - not for 'sport' or 'enthusiasts'. They only have one purpose - to kill someone.
No judgement of other nations' firearms safety protocols, but as the oft-maligned US gun-enthusiast, this gave me a case of the icky-nope-don't flu  Everyone from whom I've ever received custody of a handgun, [(generally shared a range with in my experience as an American handgun enthusiast ])- has been 100% safety oriented.
Guns don't kill people, idiots kill people.
Screw the cars, there are cows in the range.
Americans be like: Full-auto spray everywhere on the wall
There are multiple shooting ranges like that, another one is near Davos Monstein
As an American, this surprised me that it wasn't in America, although it makes a lot of sense being in a country where the majority of the country gets military training and subsequently some form of firearm training. Training is important, and I hope regardless of people's opinions on firearms, that people get a bit of training with them. It really teaches you a new level of respect for them even if you don't enjoy them, or even if you've just been taught by family members and have been around guns before.
Speed limit enforced by snipers.....
If you want to understand the difference between Switzerland and the United States when it comes to guns and crime, just look at the demographics ;)
The issue in America is not the people don't have firearms training, it's the insane people have access to guns and want to use it for explicitly criminal activities. If these people have training, that would only make them more effective in their goal to make carry out a mass shooting event. They are fully aware they are doing something that the society considers to be evil. If there was forced compulsory training like this in America, there is no reason to assume that they would not simply disregard everything they were taught about how it's wrong and simply do it anyway, they would simply be more proficient with the weapon. To solve this problem in America, you have to address the things about our society which caused these mental illnesses, or restrict gun access entirely and deny people with these mental problems the ability to obtain guns. You can't address this problem without addressing the things in these people's lives that make them want to commit a mass shooting.
Brits are qualified to speak on gun ownership in the UK.
cool
Is this the same place blokeontherange goes to?
Proof  in America it is a culture problem not a gun problem.
Next Video Title: The bus route that flies through the air off of a ramp.
New hampshire also has a high rate of gun ownership and has had the lowest gun crime in the US for years. An armed society is a polite society!
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership.  I'm British, so I'm not exactly qualified..." <- thank you sir, much appreciated.
I couldn't get 2 minutes in without commenting that Swiss German is so weird to the ears if you speak even a little German
For safety I have to ask what if a bullet clips the top of the wall, can it hit the road and cars due to the loss of speed and energy
Anyone worried about guns and the wild probabilities of unhinged people should watch this video.  Obviously there’s little comparison you can make between the security measures inherent in this shooting facility and an average city street in America, but the logic is similar.  You have the combination of gun shooting and highway traffic and for those who fear guns more than vehicles you’ll see outcry for something that is a statistical improbability.  But for those who rightly fear highway traffic more than guns you’ll see that a death is more likely to occur between the cars themselves rather than an involved shooting.
Switzerland also doesn't allow nearly any self-defense and you are not allowed to use your firearms outside of a Government approved range. While it's good that they retain firearm ownership, their laws make it so those firearms won't matter in a situation where they're needed.
Huh that’s really smart with using the trajectory and angle of where you shooting and where the wall is
they only shoot 80,000 rounds? I don't go to the range unless I have atleast 1,000 rounds to shoot.  and I go like twice a month or once a month.
Is this a reupload? I vaguely remember this video.
You get to keep the gun at the end of military service? Sign me up (if I was Swiss)!
One of the few places Tom Scott has visited that I already knew about.
So that's what Gaz got up to after 2 Pints finished.
Switzerland seems like a bloody Disney film with how perfect everything is there
THANK YOU for not bringing politics into this. Pure journalism, as always. Love your vids Tom!
The Swiss nation is a peaceful nation that was founded by the most notorious mercenaries of Europe.
There was one in the SW UK ...Collyton IIRC. Wasn't a busy road, but most definitely a road.
I honestly don't know how people can be anti-gun
Should offer a trench of maybe 3foot drop ~ 1 meter(adjustable possibly) and allow shooting in standing position.
This channel is my favorite
"No projectiles can get through it, it's impossible"...  Hold my beer!
This still makes me super nervous
Why does the instructor sound like a Norwegian trying to speak german?
The reason guns are a problem in america is because of gun culture, not the guns themselves.
That’s a $5000 gun right there. Tom is luckier than most Americans with $999.99 AR-15s
Bloke on the Range's Range.
As an american this still feels wrong.
Meanwhile in America... :)
past there last holiday and was wandering what are those round and numbers now I know :O
Trump is building a genius, state of the art firing range for his most ardent supporters… It’s circular.
This is how Gun Ownership should be done in the States as well.  Tons of training before you get one coupled with the utmost respect for the responsibility you as the owner/holder of that weapon has to those around you.  We lack that.
We would have blue haired radical leftists losing their minds on that road if that happened in the US
The danger with guns come from the illogical not the logical
Looking at þe configuration of þe House, þe road and þe mountian i can imagine þat þere is somewhere a artillery to shoot at þe mountian to block þe road if Switzerland is getting invaded.
When you are german but can't understand the german that they speak in switzerland
They were really adamant to put a gun range there huh? Seems a bit unnecessary
I'm from the Netherlands and I'm fascinated by how much Swiss resembles the Dutch language 🧐😲
Those electronic targets are very cool. I'm just imagining all the squinting and hiking/setup you don't have to do with them.
Keeping in mind I'm fully aware of my countries astronomically high rate of firearm violence and incidents per year and the chud culture that dominates the hobby, but I've yet to go to a range here where it's alright to load your weapon anywhere but the lane you're assigned with the barrel pointed down range at all times.
Seems like tom was on a trip to Germany/Swiss
I read somewhere very recently( due to a low number of incidents) that the military were looking to reduce gun ownership among former soldiers by making the solider purchase their "gun" and ammo before taking it home. But I do agree that the culture makes for a healthier attitude( similar to Canadians?) than the Americans towards guns.
Tom: I’m British Oh, you don’t say?
this isn't even the only one where you shoot over a road
that's really neat.  but I'm somewhat skeptical that "there's no possible trajectory" where a bullet could go over the wall and hit the road if the round was defective in just the right way... though I imagine it's highly unlikely.
Opening sentence is marvelous :D
Come on Tom, give us your real views on gun control and watch half a million subscribers drop off (no matter which way your views are 😂)
4:49 except Americans
I saw the title of this and clicked on it, and I couldn't believe this wasn't in America
I'm American and I take firearm safety very seriously. The Brünnlisau shooting range is awesome, now I wanna got and shoot those high-tech targets! I wish more Americans were more educated and safe about their guns.
Welcome to Switzerland! I think you can find here a lot of special things to show the World…
Simple math and logic protects everyone  Lack of either will cause disaster
Viewed from above it looks way more dangerous than the actual view from the firing line.
Isn't that the guy from 2 pints and a packet of crisps? 😆😆😆
This is just another proof that Americans are too immature for non-regulsted surplus of firearms
Hey I live in Swizerland.
and then tom goes to demolition ranch
You should check out Ft. Sill in Oklahoma, where they fire artillery over a road, and there are no concrete walls protecting the passerby and plenty of ballistic paths that would put a shell on the road.
Must be terrifying hearing that when driving along the highway.  Hope no random hikers wonder what’s over the wall and stick their heads over😬
How do you even find these things Tom?!?! I also wonder they must have unusual planning laws in Switzerland to even contemplate this.
It is not the only shooting range in Switzerland that crosses a busy road. Between Uznach SG (Sankt Gallen) and Tuggen SZ (Schwyz) there is also one. Next to a highway. Good video as always. Greetings from Switzerland
But all the safety aside, isn't there somewhere else not bisected by a road that would make a better location?
OBVIOUSLY, this is VERY dangerous. Firstly, you can "lick" the upper edge of the wall and the bullet may stray down towards the traffic. Secondly, a bird etc. can hypothetically also change the trajectory of the bullet (much less probable, though). Also, walking in that forest around the targets must be "fun". :-))))))))))))))) I would love to see the "genius" who thought this was a "100% SAFE" arrangement. BTW: It irritates me that the numbers are not centred above the corresponding targets.
Really wish we had common sense gun laws here in Canada. Unfortunately in Canada people are scared and ignorant (not just of guns), and thus we have too many pointless restrictions on everything (again, not just on guns, but certainly our gun restrictions are far too restrictive as far as I'm concerned).  Though regarding Switzerland's compulsory military service, honestly, I hope they keep that. I've never been in the military myself, but I'm certain this is the reason Switzerland has reasonable gun laws. And frankly, hardship is how we grow as people. Standardizing that hardship with compulsory military training/service is a good way to raise a population that can handle hardship. And having everyone go through it together helps socialize people and build lifelong friendships.
I grew up on a farm in New Zealand, and at the rear of our farm was a piece of land owned by the "Swiss Club" of Auckland (or maybe NZ), made up of ex-pat Swiss. They had cabins and playground stuff and it gave their members a nice place in the country to retreat to at the weekends and on holidays. They would host some awesome bbqs etc.  They also had a shooting range, and a few times a year they'd have at it.  I believe it was partly an enthusiast thing, and partly to do with keeping up their skills/training/requirements related to National Service. So even on the other side of the planet they love their firearms.  They were great people and many times you'd see dad driving down the hill on the tractor from helping them with fencing with a large, schnapps-infused grin on his face.
Tom Scott pro gun stance confirmed.
good video
Switzerland is the only place in the world where the poll "Do you own a firearm?" needs to have an answer "Yes, but only an assault rifle"
Ya compulsory service seems like a good idea honestly. Just normalize it like school IMO.
The moment I read the title I knew you are in my home country. ;) Only in Switzerland...
In which we see the results of a nation that takes the "well regulated militia" part seriously.
Once had a friend get a ring scab from a 30-06 (or however it's spelled) around his eye. The kick back can send the sight into your face.
Tom preparing for his new series where the Tech Dif crew has to liberate a country
So what about the people that are walking on any of the parts where the trees are?
2.00- 2.17 👍
If people spent their money on training instead of punisher skull glock grips, then the world would be a better place
More shooting videos please Tom... it’s nice to see people enjoying firearms related sports with politics getting in the way.
Tom was in Switzerland :)  In Switzerland, over  100 people die per year doing sports in the mountains, yet nobody is scared to go to the mountains.
I wonder why Switzerland has a low crime rate when they have a lot of crime?
They won't shoot anywhere else. They have enough precision to manufacture watches.
wher is the shot of standing on the road and hearing the bullets travel over head?
4:29 This is why everyone is friendly in Texas.
screw the cars, are the cows safe?
I would've loved a quick sketch and elaboration on how there's no trajectories that could cause projectiles of any sort to hit the road...
Hm. But what if you're on the road in, like, a VERY tall truck? Some construction or quarry nonsense or something? What's the actual safe limit for vehicle height here before it DOES technically have a chance to peek over the wall?
Did you see a Bloke and Chap loitering around?
Just the title alone requires a round of applause
We also shoot with 35mm ant-aircraft cannons over a railroad and main road in S-Chanf. There is a mound between the cannons and the road; that restricts the elevation of the cannons so we don't shoot any cars/trains. Plus, many other rules and safeties for the shooting range of course.
You could compare this to those same people driving past on the motorway... they've each been trained in the rules of the road and how to operate a car, qualified for a licence, and spent years learning how to safely drive on the road. At any moment, a driver could point their car at another vehicle or a pedestrian and cause a disaster.... but it just doesn't make any sense to.
- American so-called "liberals": "Guns are too dangerous, we need to ban everything and wear two helmets at all times". - Swiss shooting over traffic with a battle rifle (ie: high caliber assault rifle, with selective fire, including full-auto): "That's the second grossly ignorant misconceptions. Right after gruyère cheese allegedly having tons of holes..."
Your videos just get more and more interesting
I can't wait for the memes of Tom just shooting at thing
America listen up, a country with 2.4 millions registered guns has 2 or 3 gun deaths a year for self defence, I think Philly has 2 or 3 gun deaths a week!
Because even in the US it has never been rifles (even assault rifles) that are the problem.  It's handguns that are the problem even in almost all mass shootings (sometimes they do choose to use a scary looking rifle but in most cases they would have been as or more deadly with semi-auto handguns).  If you are serious about cutting gun crime in the us focus on the handguns.  The stuff about assault rifles is just a distraction to let ppl critisize the other tribe ... but handgun deaths aren't as sensational and are often concentrated amoung poor minorities so ppl don't have as strong emotional reactions.
Soo...you've chosen common sense and discipline as arguments against the current, general US firearms behaviour....Let me just say:        BwaaaahaaaHHaaaAAAaaHHhhaaAAAAaaa...Good one Tom!   PS. Also very well done to the Swiss people! Bravo!
Tom, since you are in the Alps... come by the oldest person rope way in the world in Kohlern, Bolzano
Tom Scott solves America's gun crime problem at 1:20
Training. That is the key difference between this place and the US. That is what gun control activists in the US are seeking.
Until a doubledecker drives by 🥴
there are a lot of shooting ranges in switzerland where you can shot above a busy road :D completely normal here, we use every space we get ^^
0:07 They also have a very low rate of a certain race. Let's just call that a coincidence.
Join the SRA, the NRA are trash and gun ownership is good.
This is one of those things that seem dangerous even though it's perfectly safe...
That's the road i take after getting fired
So we're just going to ignore that serious-toned-disclaimer-but-is-very-much-a-roast that may or may not be directed towards a certain unwise, gun-loving country at the very start of the video? Alright, i see you.
Surely there must be some theoretically possible (if highly improbable) way to accidentally hit a car, like if the bullet grazes the barrier just right to lose some horizontal velocity.
Was great seeing this on Bloke on the Range!
America: How do we stop poor gun control and school shootings? The Swiss: You tried education and training?
Just remember to not stand if you're passing there on the second floor of an open-roof touristic bus x'D
This is actually very normal for Switzerland. There's a lot of these around, I tend to pass between one when I do my cycling round.
How to stop people from crossing red lights 101. 1. Shoot the light crossers 2. Profit!
I live in Maine USA. We have the easiest gun laws ever no CCW carry legal weed and very very few gun crimes .
I am curious how they made safety wall, because when bullets hitting the edge of something can do very weird stuff. And I'm not convinced that just simple wall is ok. What happend when bullet hit the edge of wall in 1/2 or 1/4 of bullet diameter. How they prevent situation bullet ricochet up and fall down to the road. (I know 1 on million chance but still)
My great great great grandfather was the president of a Shooting association in Neuchatel, Switzerland.
makes me look forward to range day... also, super jealous of that rifle, it's a beaut.
Me: America No! America: What? Me: Sorry, force of habit.
Eighty thousand rounds A YEAR!!!! i bet every year there's several people in America shooting that in a couple hours
Hey Tom, if ever you want a snapshot of rifle training in the US Army, I'm more than happy to show you what it's like! Don't worry, it wouldn't be in the Army style, no screaming or swearing or anything. I'd love to let you sight in a rifle and see how accurate you can be, if it interests you.
Tom Scott talking about Swiss safety rules. Nothing can hurt me now.
That's a lot of faith to have in the immutable laws of physics. Bravo, Switzerland.
That looks just incredible! I've heard of this shooting range, but I thought the road was far below in a deep valley, not this close.
Can you please put an English  translation of the German somewhere? not everyone can understand German or read subtitles. I can't due to me being blind. Also, just having 'IN SWISS GERMAN:' in the transcript isn't helpful for deaf people.
Great video!
I can shake the mental image of the annual national shooting competition at the range, unfortunately coninciding with the break-down and evacuation of the National Helium Balloon Association's caravan on the passing road.
Licence, tom, Licence, not License.  You license a gun with a licence.  You can't have a gun license.  You do words, you know this :p
Used to be lots of rifle ranges here in the UK before the government decided they didn't like people owning guns
How about, if one hits the upper edge of the wall? Could the tumbling bullet then reach the street?
Wow, Switzerland will never stop amazing me!
Great to see someone having fun with a rifle!  Glad you had a good experience.
Tom makes a great point about regulations and bad actors. While regulations are never 100% effective at preventing acts of harm -- be it firearm assaults or corporate pollution or drink driving crashes or banking fraud -- the existence of regulations (and their strict enforcement) is enough to deter most acts of harm.
What doesn't Switzerland do right?  They seem to be prime examples to follow for a lot of stuff, but everyone's just more shocked that it can be done, like deer in headlights.  Great video Tom!
Who descided: "let's not protect the people by making that concrete wall just 50cm higher"
The Swiss people are the epitome of sensibility and understanding firearms. I wish our culture in America had a similar view towards firearms ownership, rather than treating it as a political poker chip.
Not wanting to get into the politics of gun ownership is a tacit position in support of gun control, and that's a bad thing. Like many issues, not taking a firm position doesn't actually end up with a neutral effect. Neutrality is an illusion.
Interesting! I wonder how they decided to build at that location. Also, I hope the sound of bullets cracking overhead isn't too distracting for drivers!
Seeing you be a decent shooter with little to no training is both surprising and not really.
Switzerland is a perfect example of how gun education is extremely effective at reducing gun deaths.  This is why it is so confusing for some folks here in America to blame the NRA for gun deaths, and striving to disband them, when they are the association that provides most of the firearm education (outside of the military) in the country.
The problem is not guns. The problem is traitors in government who import third world antagonists who think Europeans oppress them. Same difference in America, but the third worlders have been here since the 1600s. Just the other day some Somali import murdered a British MP... with a knife. The feminized fools in charge probably gave the poor lad therapy.
The Rod and Gun club I belonged to had its main approach road parallel to the main rifle range which allowed up to .50 BMG and there were zero incidents there either, because as you said, anyone who breaks the safety rules will quickly not be breaking them.
Ah the Swiss, every conservative's excuse for allowing unhinged rampant gun ownership without knowing about the extreme differences between the Swiss and the US when it comes to gun laws.
This reminds me of growing up camping at a Scottish festival for a week every year.  The campgrounds even had a non-curfew side, and live music and alcohol through the night was an every night affair.  Despite this, crime was essentially unheard of.  Being surrounded by 30,000 armed Scotsmen (many ex-military) discouraged anything of the sort.  There WAS one case of theft in my 20 years there.  The fellow was "escorted" off the mountain, and told if they ever saw his face again, no one else would.
Thing is, a lot of things work in Switzerland that would never work in practically all other countries. Whether it's a matter of discipline, I don't know the Swiss well enough for that.
I used to love Tom's old videos being a computer science and linguistics nerd myself, and years ago I was conflicted with all the seemingly random subjects for his new videos. But it really grew on me, and it's great seeing him adventuring and showing a lot of interesting stuff from around the world in bite sized quality videos.
Well that’s really lovely but what about not having it next to the road
For someone that has zero interest in guns or shooting ... This was very cool.
do people in swiss speak german? i moved to germany 5 months ago and understood alot of what the guy was saying.
It's almost like the law abiding gun owners are not the problem, not surprised to see the thumbs down on the people getting their worlds rocked.
I have been there
Imagine riding past in a double-decker bus, haha
Tom's channel at this point is "reasons you don't want to stay in your own country unless you live: here, here or here"
Why are they the perfect nation? In like every standard ?
that's one way to enforce vehicle height norms
I saw this range on a school trip in Switzerland, it always fascinated me but when I tell people about it they usually struggle to believe me.
I hope this video can help to spread the target shooting at 300m through the english world what a lovely sport
The Powerhungry EU wants to limit our gunrights (breaking their promise they would never ever do that lmao) here as well because they treat their own Citizen like Cattle and free Switzerland is a thorn in their Eye. Sadly we let ourselves get bullied too many times...
... dud rounds happen, it's highly possible for a bullet to fire from a dud round without enough energy to reach the hill but with enough energy to clear the wall and hit a vehicle...
Yes imagine someone is unhinged enough to try to kill someone at a shooting range while surrounded by Chris Kyle-level firearms experts, they would never manage.
When I was in the army we would go to the firing range and there was a tower at the extreme right and left and one in the middle of the firing line. In it were sharpshooters with hunting rifles ready to shoot anyone that tried to shoot a person. And it was explained to us very well that if anyone decided to just blow their top and start shooting people they would be killed.
Firearm injuries are largely related to extreme poverty and contraband trade. Firearm prohibitions do not address these issues. You can't treat the negative effects of oppression with more oppression, and that not being the forefront of the public mind is extremely intentional. Firearm bans cause mass mayhem and death in areas where the underlying issues that caused people to want those bans are not addressed, and blood sells.
It does my heart good to see a Brit firing a weapon. Nice shooting, sir. Prone is not easy.
Everybody gangsta till someone bring grenades.
More people own guns in Switzerland per capita than America.  Shows you it's not guns it's safety and the culture.
Wait. That's illegal.
In american we call that, anywhere and everywhere.
I wonder if you can hear the buzzing of the bullets if you are driving by
tom you put out such amazing content each week. i swear you deserve a tv show.
I can't help but wonder if there's any kind of magic-bullet-freak-accident where a round passes over the barrier too low and somehow grazes the top of it which knocks its trajectory off just enough to send it tumbling into the roadway. One of those things that are statistically next to impossible until you hear about it in the news one day. Interesting stuff nonetheless! Also makes me wonder what led to them building it over a highway and not... you know, anywhere else
Huh
Nice video. But the gentleman does not speak Swiss German, it is Swiss High German.
I've seen this range on Bloke on the Range and even Lindybeige but had never seen the environmental wide shots before. Truly a one-of-a-kind place.
Anyone else feel like this was shot on film? I love that subtle film grain - even if it wasn't intentional
Good to see that their safety standards are exactly the same as all reputable ranges in the US as well.
"About 2 hours from Zürich" aaaah that hurts as a Bernese xD I pass under the range regularely to connect between my house and my family chalet in the mountains. Very cool to see it featured on an international stage.
Wouldn't work in the US.... Because "free-dumb".
Australia has something to learn from this
I swear I saw this a long time ago
I've heard about this shooting range before but not in the amount of detail that Tom was able to provide!
FORE!
The funny thing is: it is totally not unusual to shoot over roads in switzerland ;) There are so many shooting ranges, (no wonder, if every memeber of the army has to shoot his gun at least once a year+many rifle clubs) and of corse some are over a road.... Where would you get an open space with 300m in length elsewhere :D
Unlike in neighboring Germany or in the US, the Swiss society as well as the educational system *don't support idiotic behavior* in kids and young adults. Instead, developing relevant academic and manual skills, a connection with nature, the meaning of rules and acting responsibly within the society are still a relevant part of education. Being *way* smarter than the EU, Switzerland has also maintained a healthy mix of large, medium-sized an small businesses, employing people of all skill levels across the whole country, thus avoiding the formation of ghettos and a ghetto/crime culture (unlike UK/Germany or France). Very good example that GUNS aren't the problem - but people can be. There is a lot we can learn from Switzerland!
It's always the same, people wait for some horrible accident to happen before they make some commen sense adjustment
I'm just saying instead of blaming it on guns we should blame it on letting groups of people have such a low quality of life.
I drive through there to go on vacation, always wondered how it looked from up there.
So, hopefully more videos from Switzerland in the next few days? ^^ I wonder what's next!
just over 2 million legally held civilian firearms? Or does that include the military service ones? But what not too many in the UK realise, we have about the same number here too. And there are a lot of little ranges tucked away in some quite built up areas. I know one locally in a domestic urban garden. All legal and safe.
Ahh sensibility in owning a firearm.  Such an alien concept for much of America, where  a large portion of the country thinks you only need a heartbeat and 0 training to carry around a gun whenever and wherever you are.
part of the reason we have so much gun violence here in the US is because people get "trained" to use a gun by their peepaw who used to hunt deer and not by someone who actually knows about gun safety
Its funny how under every video about Switzerland there is tons of Swiss ppl, me included
I would wear goggles or some safety glasses to do that. That recoil doesn't look that safe for my eyes.
ok you're english not mureecan
Tom before discovering coffee: "Welcome to the world's only paddle-through McDonald's" Tom after discovering coffee:
Guns (if you are trained) are cool, gun violence is not.
I always thought swiss german would be hard to understand but it doesn't sound so bad here really. That's odd.
And this is one of the many reasons why Switzerland is one of if not THE MOST difficult place in the world to invade with a conventional army.
I have to say, as an American who is generally not a fan of guns, and not a gun owner—though I did grow up shooting and still do occasionally, and have always enjoyed it, there is something idyllic about a country full of responsible gun owners where the system actually works, from the standpoint of national defense (conscription, or resisting militiamen in the event of invasion), self-/community defense, and self-/community sufficiency.  But I just can never see it working here in America the way it does for the Swiss. It’s a cultural/ethical thing.  But what I understand least about this whole video is: why does a country that has historically always stayed neutral in world wars that raged around it, have a standing army?  (As opposed to an auxiliary army or militia based system, given so many people are so well-trained)
Switzerland, one of the safest places to join the military in.
"About 2 hours from Zurich". That could be almost anywhere in Switzerland.
As an American who does not own a gun, but supports the right of others to have them, I found this fascinating. What a cool set up for that firing range. Thanks for sharing.
How closely to they monitor & control the ammunition that is used on site? Theoretically, could someone show up with ammunition that had been tampered with and had some of the powder removed so that the bullets don't have the range to reach the targets but instead fall to the ground somewhere along the highway? This would probably be unlikely  to cause serious damage, but passing cars that get hit by bullets, even if they're just bouncing off windows & getting stuck in the windshield wipers, would almost certainly cause enough of a row that that range would get shut down quick.
I may have missed you say but why did they build it over the road?
Something about the demographics probably. The same reason Maine is so safe.
What if someone's car was on fire and they used their custom ejector seat just as someone was taking a shot? Unlikely but still plausible.
it is really nice to not have to read the subtitles because i know the language i feel so cool now xD
Switzerland has never been a nation without fathers. Fathers weren't lost to war nor from decades of social programs that destroy the family unit. The latter is gradually changing...
I read the title and thought to my self, this must be in Switzerland xD
if your against guns never i mean never have a input into gun control.. if there are guns somewhere there is 0 chance of getting them all and destroying them the only solution to guns is more in the hands of good guys with discipline
Thank you sup much for converting this range.
Do they ever get under-powered rounds that clear the wall, but fail to reach the target?
So let´s get into the politics of gun ownership. 😁
I used to go shooting with friend at a range in NJ.  They would cycle between firing periods and non-firing periods.  During the former, people were allowed to approach an available bench and set up their weapons.  Obviously, no one was allowed to point a weapon in any direction other than down range.  During the non-firing periods, everyone had to unload and safe their weapons, then step back from the bench.  Only when it was confirmed that everyone had done that were folks allowed on the range to check their targets.  No one was allowed to approach the benches during this time.  One time we were out on the range and heard a commotion back at the benches.  Someone had arrived and went to a bench to set up their guns and got permanently ejected as a result.
Well, it better be safe. Once aimed wrong, thinks may end nasty. But cool seeing you trying your aim, Tom :)
The colour in this video looks great
In the USA any idiot can get a gun and lots of people are needlessly hurt by these idiots.  No rules, just “freedom”.
people kill people guns don't...
High rates of gun ownership and proper teaching? Huh. Odd how that works. The left would have me believe that guns kill people all on their own.
A very high cultural willingness to follow rules is important. I'm sure also in the back of everyone's mind is the thought that if they did something wrong malicious and dangerous then you have a very high amount of people who are not only trained to use a firearm safely but are also decidedly focused on being capable.
guns help and save people lives if you have a community that has grown up with guns like they and some American cities. its a mindset you either bad guy or good duy teach you kids to be the hero and good guy
This is why MANDATORY WEAPONS TRAINING is the answer to US gun issues. Too many unlucked loaded weapons lying around and not enough people who actually know how to use them safely.
That's really clever. I like that... as an American who actually cares about safety with my airguns, I'm going to keep that in mind.
Yes, I know this is not political, but the people that think this is crazy are the same people who scraped by in physics in high-school. America should take notes on how to train and educate around firearms.
So is there no space anywhere else where the general public aren't in the [firing line]? Of course there is. Weird!
As someone that used to work at a range in the US... If only people here had anywhere near the same sense of personal responsibility here, there would be far fewer "accidents" and the facilities would be in much better shape...
From a U.S perspective, this is absolutely amazing. Ontop of this fragile, but working balance of shooting, and using firearms. Not only was i amazed when you said that swiss military service members can take their firearms, but still shoot, and use them in everyday civilian life. That's amazing to see from a American standpoint, Since mostly here, we see ourselves as one of the only countries that allow civilian firearm ownership.
I want to move to Switzerland 🇨🇭.  This is a country where common sense prevails over stupidity.
Tom Scott + Bloke on the range.  It needs to happen
"And in between them is a major highway" No, it's you, and you better run away.
I would say the fact that Switzerland has a good standard of mental health and employment, contributes mainly to their low rate of gun related deaths.
Just wanted to say it; thanks for letting people speak in their native tongue and translating it. I feel their message has more weight when they do. It also increases the chance of local jokes and nice bragging stories just like with the old inventor of the 'smooth elevator'.
Move over Jude Law. Coming to Netflix in 2022, 'Friend at the Gates' starring Tom Scott.
So those rules and a wall cannot be all, what's that math here for lower velocity from failures?
That’s awesome
Is this a reupload it feels very familiar to a video on the same shooting range.
As someone that loves shooting it was great to see a non gun person shoot, improve and enjoy the discipline. Great shooting Tom
Why do I feel like you've done a video on this with the same thumbnail
I can't see the subtitles mate. Why not dubbing?
Ιf it's still busy you are doing it wrong  , use mines
If a bullet bounces off the edge of the wall? Like a tennis ball on the white ribbon?
`
They can do this because they’re Adults
Tom Scott the vape, guns and video aficionado. That was some great shooting Mr Scott!
How “well-regulated” of them.
Interesting
The Netherlands has something similar for their artillery near "'t Harde".  In this case they shoot right over a couple of roads even.
Don't they also have to do all that training in America?
I have only one question: Why?  Was there a shortage of space for a shooting range away from a road? I guess obviously not.
a message to american republicans.   LIBERALS usually hate guns and want to take them away. biden, hillary, pelosi types. but SOCIALISTS and other leftists usually dont.   im a bernie stan, im a market socialist, and firmly support the second amendment.   just  saying, republicans are NOT the only pro-gun political party. there ARE other options.
Not only a very interesting video from the location point of view but also from the language point of view, i understood more german than i can remember!
I'm no expert (and i do understand trajectory making it "impossible" to hit the road), but surely if a bullet clips the top of the boundary wall there is a chance of it slowing just perfectly enough that it would be on a direct course for the road. I know the odds would be miniscule but surely there should be some sort of overhead protection for the road
But what about ricochets? Or is that impossible due to the target's setup? Also, do the cars hear the rounds going over them? Or rather, if you were walking below the range, next to the road, would you hear the wiz? This is very odd.
I live in switzerland and the thing is you cant get ammunition that easy. One of the only ways to get ammo is to nick like a handful from the compulsory training.
Surprised this wasn't Tom Scott Plus Bloke on the Range
Remind me not to get the double decker bus home though.
But now people from the US know about this, and a crazy one of them is bound to try to get there to get his fame.
Seems the issue isn't nesserly the amount of people with guns, but more the amount of people with guns, and the proper training that should come with.
🤔mischief: "you can get your passport and leave this stupid country"
im a very firm pro-gun-rights kind of guy...  but THAT PLACE needs to be shut down or reworked.   (btw a message to american republicans. LIBERALS usually hate guns and want to take them away. biden, hillary, pelosi types. but SOCIALISTS and other  leftists usually dont.   im a bernie stan, im a market socialist, and firmly support the second amendment.   just  saying, republicans are NOT the only pro-gun political party.
Shooting range across a busy highway... because firing lead pellets into open nature got too trivial
What about people who might be walking on that forested hill above the targets?
"DRIVE-BY SHOOTING AHEAD" - signs
That is like 20 min from where i spend my holidays haha
Not to get political, but this kinda confirms guns aren't the problem, people are.
Wow, so in Switzerland political parties don't pay crazy and /or desperate people to do shootings to push their political gun agenda in a certain direction. Nice.
Ok now you have to check out the Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot. Sadly you missed out this years but there is one in April.
Swiss ranges are caliber restricted. You'll not find a rifle capable of dropping a round down to the road there ever.
Badass Europeans shoot without eye protection
Tom is yelling because of the earpro and I'm here for it.
This isnt the only place. In the area of Bern theres the same. But its a firing range of the military.
It's almost...as if firearms are taken seriously and people are actually trained less problems occur. Especially being surrounded by armed and well trained law abiding citizens.  Great video btw! That range is incredible!
but why have it over a road over literally anywhere else???
Tom just filmed a Video in a place i drive by twice a day… I shot there a few times. After a few shots you don‘t really think about the road anymore
That's really cool
a well regulated militia...
Thats bad ass but I would never drive on that road
A MAGNIFIER!! oh tom hahaha
You could hit the bird ant that bird could fall on the cars. Did they not see that?
Gun violence in USA is very much propaganda to benefit the nazi agendas. Tv media is lying.
Hah, that's literally in my backyard! To be honest I did wonder driving down that road how the whole safety thing works there, so now I know! Thanks Tom!
Moving targets always make for the best practice
I think gun ownership is becoming more popular both with left leaning Americans and Europeans. Current world events make it very clear that the govt won’t always protect you and self defense is a natural right.
Here in the states, we get drunk, shoot washing machines in the woods and murder people because we disagree with them about how wet water is
this video needs a lot more viewer.!!
Die spinnen die Schweizer
This shows that gun control is a thing, but it depends on the society. Or you decide to change your society to be like this, or you are going to have mass shotting in kids schools.
You would hit the wall before the traffic. Totally safe.
"Our deepest apologies viewer.  we tried to film in Switzerland without getting a rainbow in the shot, but unfortunately, it was once again an impossibility as this land is magical and we cannot avoid capturing magical things on camera."
Smart logístics
This is another reason no one invades Switzerland. Practically the ENTIRE adult population is their fully trained and fully armed army
I love the swiss accent.
Tom it's creating some exceptional documentaries! You are making UK proud! xx
This still seems kind of dumb. What if the bullet skims the top of the wall and loses velocity? Or if it is a faulty round? Or a ricochet off the trees?
Tom... owning guns and being able to use them in self defense are a totally different thing Swiss and American gun laws are vastly different
based
hopeu got a chance to see mike from bloke on the range
I love how the range was built in 1998, but their "target confirmation" displays are from like 1978...
A place where common sense is accepted. I thought that was just a dream
There is one in the brecon beacons that fires over the road
The bullet could in theory skim the top of the concrete wall and change its trajectory toward the road. Very very unlikely though.
They used to regularly fire artillery shells over the city of Frauenfeld not too long ago (which is nothing less than the capital of the Canton of Thurgovia). So a shooting range crossing a road is not very shocking by Swiss standards...
This is so nice to see, because I'm swiss and did this as a sport back when I was a teen. I love seeing a popular youtuber explain why even though many swiss people have guns, the gun crime rate is very low.  Edit: also it's just cool to hear Tom speak to someone who tries very hard to speak english and has a strong swiss accent
Nice video this is an interesting topic
That is the most Swiss thing I have ever seen.
What a god.
Nice one. Also, that's not even the only shooting range over a major road. It's always a strange experience when they're shooting and you're driving under the fire. You can't hear the shots, but the crack of the supersonic bullet makes it sound like a pebble has hit your car somewhere.
What would happen if an unlucky bullet grazed the top of the wall? couldn't it then it a car?
Fascists to the north fascists to the south Russian advances always moving westward.   This is about national security. Not some government gun control model.
If you already checked out a gun-range in Switzerland you could also check out the Knabenschiessen in Zurich where kids up to the age of 16 can shoot rifles to win prizes and money and no training is necessary.
I can speak German, heck I live in south Germany,  but I could only understand the Swiss guy when i *really* focused. It's amazing how a language can get so many iterations through dialects, accents and the like and still be understandable.
4:09 i find it a very nice gesture that you learned the German word for _thank you_ (Dankeschön).
I’d probably put a second wall up down there you can’t predict the physics to 100% accuracy.
Heard of this range years ago. Nice to actually see it.
"2 hours from Zürich" It's also about the same distance from Geneva...  Describing this range's location with "2 hours from Zürich" is like describing the Tank Museum's location as "170" kilometers from London". Absolutely correct, but of rather limited use... ;)
Accidents still CAN happen, even if they haven't yet.    Must restrict calibers to those that can't penetrate 30cms of reinforced concrete. Must restrict ammunition to trusted manufactured loads, no customs. Bipods will need a size requirement, as not all humans are the same size. Must use a different range to sight the scope in initially.  Shooting over a road would never work in USA because too many assholes wouldnt follow the rules.
This walked the line, as this topic always does. Places such as this and the Swiss way of handling gun ownership don’t chime with my personal politics at all, but interesting nonetheless
Showing america how it's done
Swiss shooting ranges are wild. Sometimes you fire from one side of the valley to the other, with farm houses still in sight. Talk about trust.
I’m an American and a firearms enthusiast. Spent enough time at ranges to be confident that if this was in the US somebody, somehow would find a way to smack a round into the middle of the road. Accidentally most likely but still.
America needs to take some notes about this. Not the fact that they should be shooting guns over any US highway. But the fact there is a country that takes gun safety so well  that the need to restrict firearms is practically non-existent is amazing. It's that this kind of implementation probably won't work.
Country full of armed citizens, practically zero gun crime., that's white privellege
The shooting range, where if you hit even one car, you get a huge fine
I am swiss and I did the swiss army so I appreciate the video. Brings back many memories! Miss my gun (i gave it back as i was leaving the country)
There can't be any accidents. It's against the rules.
Seeing tom wield a gun is very threatening
I'm British and kinda want to go here now
ohh look a lot of guns, it's almost like guns don't kill people. People kill people.
I have always thought that Switzerland should be the standard and template for gun ownership. This is just more evidence for that conclusion.
Give a smart person a nuclear bomb and it may never ever fire off, give a fool a matchstick and they will burn down the whole city
It is cultural, not training. Training helps reduce accidents, to be sure, but culture is part of why there are fewer gun related incidents.
Another example to prove that guns don't kill people, people kill people
!nodnarB og steL
This is similar to gun owners in America. It ain't the legal gun owners who are going out and commiting crimes with them. It's the illegal gun owners slwho don't care about the law. They'll still use their weapons wether you make guns illegal or not
Swiss engineering, say no more.
If I move to Switzerland do I get a complimentary gun, training and Swiss army knife? 🇨🇭
How do you find these places?!
Switzerland:  'We have responsible and trained gun owners' USA:  "I don't understand"
Everybody gangster until a soldier yells "Back-blast clear!"
Other fun unexpected shooting range locations: the small shooting range underneath London Bridge!
I wonder if military service was compulsory in the US that a lot of things would be very different culturally.
Tom Scott is the only YouTuber you can watch a 5 minute vid about and feel satisfied. Just so much info packed in such a little time. It's great!
I live 5 min from this shooting range and have actually done shooting there. Cool to see this vid.
If u did this in the usa or sa someone would get shot
More guns, less gun crime. Nuff said.
Cool. But not necessary.  This range limits the way you can practice shooting guns.  Where it works it works, but leaves much to be desired.
You could hypothetically hit a car by slowing projectile by the edge of the wall, car being convertible, or window rolled down could be eventually fatality, but that cannot happen on planet Switzerland, not intentionally :)
I had a similar setup for pellet guns at my house, shooting across our street at a target in a wooded, vacant lot. My mom put an end to that very quickly
Outstanding story and great shooting. I'm sharing this story with my friends. AIRBORNE!
Did you meet Bloke on The Range?
Engineering excellence at its finest
It's still a very dumb place to have a shooting range though. 😕
... need some of those targets
In the US a person shot into the ceiling (indoor range) just above my head while we were both standing well behind the shooting position. Nobody working at the range saw it because there was no employee monitoring the shooting. I never went to another range after that.
I'm a Canadian old enough to have handled guns before the las got more restrictive here. I like the sound of the Swiss rules, though I'm not someone who favours personal gun ownership outside of rural areas.
I enjoyed competitive shooting... I also have military training... and a license.
Lmao that guy’s Swiss accent is so thick
i actually think military training being a pre-req and regular mental health checkups should be the bare minimum for gun ownership  someone tell my why this is unreasonable
This isnt even the only shootingrange where you shoot over a busy road. For some time I commuted to work and drove past one where you shoot over a busy road.
Ah, Brünnlisau, what a nice place to shoot over 300 m distance. Nice video and a well thought out conclusion.
We all could learn from Switzerland.
What if a double decker bus were to pass by one day tho?
My main concern would be, rather than intentional attempts to shoot people, an underloaded or "dud" round that has enough energy to make it over the wall, but not enough to take it to the target. It would be a one in a million chance that you would have a round loaded just perfectly for that to happen, and have a car happen to be wherever it lands when it happens, but one in a million chances happen every day
But why? Why build across a road?
Jörg  Kachelmann, Swiss national and TV host on German television once famously said "Well, you know.... we all have rifles at home. In case... (points at the german audience in the studio)... YOU GUYS are coming"
Maybe in the UK we should start a programme of compulsory firearms training for all 16 year olds. It would be a 2-year course and at the end, those who pass out are allowed to keep their firearm so long as they submit an application to a governing body for a firearms license.
those cows must get terrified
I’m glad they don’t let children shoot here
Stationary targets, in motion targets and live targets. Nice range 🤣😂
Anybody else expecting bloke on the Range?
Asking what if you stand up is like asking what if you punched a world class boxer like Mike Tyson, you will not spend much more time standing in the room you are in
Like
Guns are relatively safe - just like cars are. People, on the other hand...
as soon as i saw the thumbnail i knew its my home country
But what about a faulty round that doesnt produce much power? That could follow a trajectory that could hit the road? Or is the wall height setup so you'd have to aim 10' above the targets to lob one over like that?
Swiss is a hybrid between dutch and german, wow didn't know that
Brilliant. Trust the Swiss to think about the pros and cons very hard, and come up with such an elegant solution.
Wow, so the guns themselves aren't the problem. Ohhh, how funny is that.   **Points at the yoU aS of Ae**
Does Tom ever miss? 🔥
I wonder if locals duck in their car when they drive on that road
I wonder if you could hear the shots from the road..? And if so what do they sound like? 🤔
Amazing you should do more videos like this
What if they decide to shoot to the right?
Knowing my abilities, I wager I could accidentally kill one of those cows while prone.
This is not the specific Brit in a Swiss rifle range I was expecting today, but great nevertheless!
If you still in the region you should definitly go up the mountain of Niesen and take the Toilett up there. Rest assure, that everything left your body will travel more then half a day until it reaches waste water treatment plant 2 km lower in altitude. Also a very swiss thing^^
Last statement AMERICA- "hold my beer"
Not the only one in switzerland like that, in my region, there is a similar one, in wimmis...  And there are some rather criminaly dangerous ones which shoot over walking paths and some which are quite close to houses (target area)   However, since most swiss are trained well and have security in place, there is almost never a accident.
This video is very informative for my general culture
Very nice video Tom, I allways like it, when you do a vido about this lovely mountain region. If you would, i'd gladly have you over for a cup of tee and a visit to the museum. Maybe i can intrest you in somme lesser known storys about the Reformation or the rise of Industry and swiss textiles. Sincerely A Swiss person
the Dutch army has also publicroad across the shootingrange. They fire granades across the road in T'Harde.
Honestly, without getting political, a lot of my friends and I in America don’t want guns gone…we just want to make sure the ones that have guns are responsible for them. How that happens is another issue that could be debated for decades, but if you take a test to get a license in order to own a CAR and are fine registering and insuring a car against damaging others…honestly I don’t see why guns should be any different. It’s not political to preach safety and responsibility.
No one talking about how this is a reupload? I swear I saw this a few years ago.
This is so cool. Exactly how the firearms hobby should be enjoyed.
in America you can do that in your backyard if you have enough space
subtle burn at 1:18
Genuine question: what happens if it hits the wall (near the top, and glances) and doesn't stop but continues to tumble and land short. I agree that it is likely safe enough for practice but not impossible or perfectly safe.  I'll say: I used to shoot at a range and helped with range safety.
Bizzare, literally told the missus about this just a few days ago. I remembered a video from ages ago by BlokeOnTheRange who mentioned it while shooting there. Cropped up in a  "are the swiss weird?" conversation we had.
Barely any incident's, meanwhile there's daily incident's in USA
I live in Zurich and not far from here we actually have a shooting range that is a public park when not in use. There is simply a sign there that says: 'Please do not walk on this path whenever you can hear shots being fired.'
How are americans suppose to have their “freedom” now someones teaching them other countries do gun, but safely
This is a bucket list range for me. Also, nice shooting Tom. That's a heck of a distance to have a newbie shooting irons.
Good job 47 make it to the exit
Americans should watch this video...
So weird how swiss german is closer to Dutch than german german
If america didnt exist, nobody would have a problem with guns.
imagine going for a piss by that road
Turns out having everyone receive proper weapons training reduces the amount of gun violence who woulda thought. Guns are a privilege not a right!
I mean, the issue other countries may have with guns isn't due to a lack of training, but the intent of people using them.
Absolutely great to see you doing that. Living in Switzerland  and also shooting as a hobby, I must say that we're showing rest of the world how one should handle firearms. Not be afraid of themy but respect them, and use them as sporting goods, not as weapons
Fire
Obviously this is 'safe' in the sense that the probability of something going wrong is as low as we all subjectively tolerate. However surely it has to be possible for one of the bullets to somehow be fired with an unusually low kinetic energy for some reason such that the bullet falls well short of the target and hits one of the cars (though I suppose in that circumstance it would also have less potential to do damage).
What if the bottom quarter of the bullet hits the top of the concrete, wouldn't that change it's directory potentially downwards?
This is what happens when you don't politicize firearms. The Swiss left and right wings are both armed.
guess ill blame mandela effect but i remember this video from years ago
We have barriers at our club that are above the line of sight.  That way, a round can't fly over the target berm
I really love your videos about German speaking countries, especially Germany itself. Your videos are amazing and I hope you keep up the good work. Best regards from a German fan <3
very cool spot.
"Every Shooter is Responsible for Their Weapon"
I'm America we call this a "School Zone"
Is Tom Scott closer to 24 years old, or 42 years old?
Thank you.  I love visiting Switzerland, and live in a part of the US where careful owning of firearms is just a thing.  I'm not sure why Vermont doesn't have the same death rate from firearms as say Texas, if I remember the rate of gun ownership in Vermont is one of the highest in the US.
Back in the 80's a friend and I were hitch hiking to Wales from East  Anglia. We were dropped off along the way, near a very large wall. We continued to stick our thumbs out for a fair few minutes and then we heard gunshots, seconds later remnants of clay pigeons dropped around us. We quickly chose to move and, eventually made it to Swansea unscathed.
Imagine someone goes behind targets for taking a piss or something
Touring the Nordschleife and shooting guns, I think Tom is enjoying his midlife crisis ahah
It's neat but gimmicky in my opinion.  I wouldnt personally maintain a membership at a range like this, a secluded area where you can move and shoot, shoot from any position,  drill how you want to is a must.   There also isnt a lot of practicality in shooting a carbine with iron sights on a bipod from the prone position, yes we do it for basic qualification but just go check out any combat cam footage from the war in Afghanistan and you'll see how fighting actually occurs. See if you can spot the differences.
ahhh so guns don't kill people. people due.  But hey glad to see some good info about guns and safety get out to people. Also nice shooting for that distance with sights. it would take me a while to shoot like that.
I wonder if they had to stop if a truck with a very high cargo needs to go by
All they had to do is put it on the other side of the road and they wouldn't have to do it.
Wouldnt wanna be passing in a double decker bus though...
Almost like guns aren't the problem, people are the problem...
I thought before opening the video that this must be in Switzerland, since it combines an obsession with shooting ranges and a lack of space. I wasn't disappointed!
Swiss German is so weird to listen to
Make guns legal. Everywhere. Laws should follow morality, it's not the other way around..
I'm no gun/bullet expert and this place looks cool as hell... but just out of curiosity, is there any chance that a bullet could nick the top of the wall causing it to change direction and go through a car window or would that slow it down to where it wouldn't even reach the street?  I'd imagine the chances are slim to none that this would happen regardless, but was just curious if it was thought of in the design.
Thats really amazing 👏
As someone who has been shooting for over 40 years, that's damn good shooting for someone who has never shot before. Especially considering the distance and use of iron sights! Good shooting Tom!
Wait, mandatory army recruitment? What?
Wait... They get to keep their service rifles?
Wow, it’s almost like the danger lies in the person, and has nothing to do with the firearm itself. Hmm…
Switzerland, a country with no enemies and among the top tier regarding democracy and standards of living, yet that did not abandoned the barbaric custom of mandatory military service. Curious.
great video
there is no pssible way to land a bullet on the road... **Reloads Mortar*
The Swiss are so sensible and practical regarding firearms usage and ownership. It is refreshing.  As an American, I would feel very comfortable visiting Switzerland knowing so many citizens are armed and trained (no attention on it), more so that at home.
It should have some lowered firing positions so you can shoot standing with the rifle at a safe height.  The military need to be able to shoot in more than just prone.
Sweden's advanced culture makes it possible, whereas munitions seem more like a partisan cult religion in much of backwards America.
Ohh should have been a BotR collab
One critical thing that you forgot to mention is that yes a lot of people have firearms, but they do not have access to ammunition.
Reminds me of the archery range near the place where I rented during my university days...the targets are actually facing the sidewalks...good thing a stray arrow never flew by while I was walking nearby, I think maybe because it's abandoned or something
Im surprised how close his german is to dutch.
“Switzerland has many guns”  Well im  not going to Switzerland then.   “It also has very low gun violence.”  Okay, well im going to Switzerland then...  “They also fire guns over a highway.”  😭
Didn't realize military service was compulsory there, that explains why gun ownership can be so high without the associated gun crime that is normally seen. It also provides insight into what we can do in places like the US to deal with gun crime.
"Schissanlaag SCHIARche SSAAAAAAAAAÄU"!!!!!!!POCH!!!PLAMMM!!!TZZZZZZZUUUIIIII!!!!PAFFFF!!!j%%%&$JA LEHHTS MI OAM OASCH!!!!
Well...there is a solid wall to avoid to shoot too low and conflict with the cars that pass by... As far as I know projectiles, once shot, dont do curves so ofc it's safe...strange, but reasonable... (well...unless a Circus truck passes by, transporting a GIRAFFE)   :DD
legaly owned firearms coupled with propper training very rarely cause victims, it's the poor training that cause harm and its the illegally owned firearms that is used in crime.
What, I have to lay down to load and unload before I stand up? But what about my freedoms? /s
That is amazing. Better yet the stats of firearm related incidents in Switzerland 🇨🇭. I am a second amendment supporter here in America and posses a concealed carry permit along with owning firearms. As such I realize that a great deal of responsibility comes with this.
What is the distance to the target? My Grandfather shoots long-bore rifles (no scopes, lying prone, although in that case no stand either), but they shoot over three ranges (I think from memory 300, 600 and 900 metres). I'm curious about the differences to the targets they used. The ones at the long-bore rifle club used a rubber membrane apparently, whereas this seems to be just paper for the target? Anyway, interesting video. Switzerland has other interesting ideas on safety, like an airport with a level crossing between a road and a taxiway
Amazing what common sense gun control and training can lead to
Very cool.
I love the tour of German dialects Tom has been showing us with these latest videos.
I was going to say from the thumbnail this looks awfully like Switzerland and mate you should come here once, there's a few of those situations going on around here :)
Tom, I'm a big fan of your videos (I'm an it-guy and linguist myself) and I'm also Swiss, and I think what you said in the last segment is wrong. Fear of your colleagues at the firing range is likely not a reason why nobody stands up and shoots at cars. I'm fairly certain you could empty one or two magazines until somebody would try to stop you. The reason no one does that is in my opinion simply because it is forbidden. It is embedded in our culture to adhere to rules very strictly in the public - of course there are exceptions as always. It's simply unthinkable to do something like that to most of us. Thank you anyway for showing Switzerland to the world. I can't believe you couldn't find a proper swiss transcriber and translator - ask me the next time you are around! ;-)
They don't have incidents because they are a lot more civilized than we are here in the US.  If you think we are civilized, stop giving out all the freebies. You better be ready to leave.
It’s a shame the US can’t adopt a gun control strategy like this.
im verein sind hudärt sechrrrrisch  i love the swiss aczent
Hold on a second your telling me i can own a gun AND be safe with it also, whaooo. You know sometimes i feel like all the guns are just going to get up one day and kill everyone 🤣
This place would be shut down within a week in the USA.
Also ignoring all politics...   that target hit reporting system is freaking neat.
I was expecting the thumbnail to be exaggerated, I can't actually believe that's real 😂 I know it's safe but it just seems so unnecessary but it's cool af
Guy has no idea he’s shooting the nicest built semi auto sport rifle ever.
Ok. No Zwischenfall yet. But isn‘t it psyically possible that a bullet tips the wall top in such a way that it would slow down just a bit so that a car could get hit? Murphy‘s Law? I am not an expert, just  asking stupid questions. The likelihood may be neglectible low, But: Is it possible? Any experts know?
the sad irony is that today such a tragedy happen where there was a gun related insident
Waiting for bloke on the range to pop up
2.4m registered firearms.  America: those are rookie numbers. You need to pump those up.  But seriously Switzerland shows that the right mindset and training goes a long way.
Gruselig but amazing.
Me as a swiss person i think this is so unique to switzerland how we have so much guns but no gun crimes
This works because rule-following and common sense, we can't have that in America.
I've been considering, if I ever found myself moving out of the US, where I would go, I think I found it
We have the same rules and regulations in the US. Applying for a gun license in Switzerland requires the same paperwork as buying a firearm in the US, only we have to do it each and every time we buy a firearm.
3:35 the main road may be safe (as long as everyone follows the rules) but the access road certainly isn't.     (Yes, I realize that it is likely access controlled so no one is allowed on while the range is in use).
Sensible, responsible people-  wish we had more of those in the US.
What it wanted to shoot up my school?  How would I go about doing it then lying down.  Do they train you in how to do mass shootings?  MURICA!
Are there signs on each side of the highway notifying motorists about the range?
Switzerland is easily my favorite country
It must've been one hell of a sales pitch when they proposed this design to the local government.
I love the crts they were a bit of retro-cool i wasn't expecting
Und in Tuggen SZ gitt`s  en wietere Schiess-Stand wo über d`Straass ballered  And in Tuggen SZ there is a second shooting range where shooting over across a street
And we thought the Swiss were pacifists. They secretly like shooting. You should have tried throwing a drum and cymbals.
But why? There's no place in the entire country that has a straightaway long enough to allow shooting without it passing over a highway?  I mean, I guess they've made this safe but it would have been easier to not have to make it safe.
When you provide people with training, then it is up to them if they are good people or not. The state did it's part.
I must say I was against guns and I was scared of guns until I join the military and was taught properly how to use guns. Now I'm pro choice 😊
anyone watching bloke on the range here?
Is the USSA, there are literally moms in minivans that would drive from their blue states to suicide bomb something like this.
Only the Swiss could pull this off.
What if someone were to accidentally graze the top of the wall? Would there be a (very rare, admittedly) chance of the projectile losing enough velocity so as to drop to the level of the roadway, yet still have enough velocity to cause damage upon impact?
I believe that at one time all males were trained for the army and all were expected to keep a gun at home even when training finished. The Swiss were able to very quickly activate the largest land army in the world. If I got this wrong, please put me right.
The people who are afraid of people with guns could by that same logic be afraid of someone driving a car. At any moment they could decide to kill people with it, but they don't.
A Brit with respect of guns and the rules governing there use....this replenished my hope in humanity
Whats to stop a low bullet hitting the wall and flying up and down to the traffic? It may have less energy and form but It will happen. Just time/luck dependant. Don't bother answering. You know it will happen.
In America they would have shot up the highway
Im sorry, this is just not smart. Was there no other land available for a proper shooting range?
But what if I'm transporting a giraffe...
I do have a question about what it looks like from a motorist's point of view?  Are there any warnings about max vehicle height?  Are there any other signs for pedestrians or stranded motorists?
I definitely saw another video on this exact place before. Is this a reupload by any chance?
Great vid as always
I get the fear driving past a golf course...
Based Switzerland
I hope the cows don't get scared of the noise!
i wont dare open minivan window and stick out my head anymore in switzerland XD
Switzerland. How to piss off lefties and righties in one go.
Still, not a very good idea.
I think you just gave a few Americans really bad idea....
There's a similar shooting range in my town (also Switzerland) where you shoot over a walking/biking path. Every time they're shooting they put down a barrier and you have to take an alternate route
Haha using logic is for sane worlds. Wait until multiculti hits a critical level there... rules will change very rapidly.
If you wanted to stand up and take a pot shot at a car, you could just as easily do that outside.  Easier probably because you won't have staff from the range there to stop you.
That target assessment system is amazing.  I could watch a whole video on just that.
Come on, Tom, you're English ! "a license " is American. Noun; a licence, verb; to license = UK.
There actually is one way there could be a problem though it would be very rare- if a round had a light powder charge, it could leave the muzzle with enough velocity to clear the wall but still land on the road.
Every video is gold
What if 2 people shoot at the same time, their bullets collide mid air and ricochet onto a car?
I am amazed they have had zero incidents. I don't mean people doing stupid things with guns, just natural human error.  I don't really know anything about guns, or shooting ranges, but I would have expected the occasional ricochet bullet to bounce back, or if you just skim the top of the wall the lost energy could mean the bullet wont reach the target and land on the road.  I have seen similar situations on various YT videos like demolition ranch and taufledermaus so it does happen.
For some reason I feel like I’ve seen Tom talk about this before a long time ago
*well done 47*
So Murica doesn't have a gun problem, it has an americans problem I've been saying it for years
Was it allowed to fly your drone over the highway?
"Impossible to hit cars on the road" - I'd be worried not about someone doing something wrong, but a malfunction causing a lower-than-expected muzzle velocity causing the bullet to arc down and hit the cars. Though I guess if the muzzle velocity were that low, it would hit the wall instead, unless the person was also aiming way too high. And then if it followed such a deeply-arcing trajectory, it would have to be going so slow it might not be lethal, would really only be able to hurt anyone if it hit a motorcyclist or went through an open window.
I just saw the thumbnail and I was like: yes, this is definitely in switzerland. I have driven past there.   Btw, it‘s closer to Bern than Zurich but probably Zurich is more known to the non-swiss
Thank you for trying not to make this about "the politics" and "feelings" and instead appreciating a cool range and having a good time shooting.
Is it normal in Switzerland to only have to qualify with prone shooting? I get why it’s done here, but do other ranges also require that?
It’s a really cool concept, I agree that it looks 100% safe, but I have to ask why? Lots of places I bet you could put a range in Switzerland, why do that, as cool as it is, and make the less informed nervous every time they drive under it?
All that training will come in handy for their next neutral war.
I was very nervous seeing him lay down without ear protection.
It's confirmed: Tom Scott is based and supports private gun ownership
Isn't this a reupload or am I thinking of a different video on this shooting range.
I guess 🇨🇭 just hasn't yet been demographically enriched like 🇬🇧 or 🇩🇪.
Ofcourse you are qualified.
Great safety from Switzerland as you’d expect.
It's Bloke on the Range's Range!
The way of bullets.
Back in the 70s I saw a film about Switzerland that mentioned the mandatory military service. I thing I remember vividly from the film was a soldier, headed to his 2 week training, leaving from home and getting on a bus *while carrying his rifle.*
The unhinged people are in the US not switzerland
This is insane!
When I read the title i thought nothing special theres one like this less then 20 minutes away, but I never expectet that the video is about that specific shooting range
TÜV SAGT NEIN
Living in the US, trying to do something stupid in a gun range is such a bad idea. Surrounded by armed and trained range officers, as well as many gun enthusiasts, is not a good recipe.
Why does it feel like I've seen this video
The problem is not gun control. It's the anti-intellectual attitude of passing handguns (not even rifles as they are easier to learn and guaranteed to shoot straight) like cheap cigars without systematically training everyone about it.   I bet if there is an invasion coming up in the US one day, those gun-owning civilians would just shoot as bad as Somalian militia.
An armed society is a polite society.
Is this a reupload? I swear I’ve seen this before
would love to see the planning permission for that one...
based
I seen a video on this range a few years ago, and was just telling somebody about it the other day, they thought i was full of crap!
Tom Scott plus Bloke on the Range anyone?
So guet dass er mal i de schwiiz isch
I know it’s safe and stuff, but there is no way in hell I would ever drive on that highway
I hope the height of a car is being regulated in Switzerland.
Standard procedure at every range I've been to, even during military service, unloaded and action open when not on the firing line. Basic safety is universal, training is simple and effective.
I love your videos Tom, they are always so informative, and interesting.
To the question of gun deaths vs gun ownership, I see a strong relation between low guns per person and high gun deaths...in countries which are or were  or are in process of becoming US Vassal states.
Tom is prolly using this just as an excuse to shoot guns
That went like clockwork.
high rate of "people who own guns" and low rate of "people hurt by guns" The reason: education
That is awesome!
I think that is a Sig 550. I own the one imported into the US, the Sig 556. Piston operated and fun to shoot. It is also unfortunate that Tom just HAD to throw in his anti-gun sentiment at the very end when talking about someone going on a shooting spree. You can do better, Tom, very disappointing.
It’s because Swiss people who own guns have no ammunition for them. They just have the guns themselves.
It's called being a responsible gun owner. Criminals are not responsible but people that work hard and spend their money on one the legal way are. Stop treating people the same when they are not!!!
Coincidently, we drove on this highway the day before this video came out, thinking that this was an odd place for a shooting range, having to shoot over a highway.
Is there a chance the bullet may stray toward the road if you clip the top of the wall?
That moment when German is actually your native language, but have to refer to the English subtitles to understand what Swiss people are saying...
>I'm british, I'm not exactly qualified to talk about firearms  thank you for being the only reasonable anglo Tom
So in essence the Swiss government gives every Swiss male a firearm?
I like the fact about Switzerland at the start. gets people thinking.
Afraid Lindybeige beat you to this one Tom...
Legends shoot on schools 😏😂
But why though? Surely they could have built the range and/or the road somewhere where they don’t overlap?
So the soldiers can just keep their guns? ...what about the tank drivers? :D
Could a bullet scrape the top of the protective wall and pivot down towards the road?
lucky tom getting to shoot an SG 550
I used to enjoy target pistol shooting here in the UK with rimfire weapons. I am not allowed to own a .22 rimfire pistol anymore, even though the weapon i used never left the clubs safe. If steel knives could be banned i am sure they would be in this nanny state, attack the object not the cause is the short cut nonsense we all accept and allow when we vote.
nice shooting
'Tom Scott says it's safe!' I tell the upstairs passengers of my double-decker bus as we take the Brünnlisau shortcut.
Still, it would be very disconcerting driving that road with the windows down and hearing the gunshots...
we're neutral, but you gotta be 100% sure....
I just think that this shows that it's America's mentality which give rise to these shootings and not the owner ship of guns in general
It comes with moving targets!!
Is the footpath below the targets owned by the shooting range, for maintenance etc. Or is it a public footpath? If it's the latter it must be rather surreal too be walking your dog or just out for a Sunday stroll and think nothing of several rifle rounds whizzing overhead into the hill next too you.
This is cool and all but I’m eating Mac and cheese right now
Reupload
Gun culture in U.s; get of my property Gun culture in swiss, I have been trained to get you off my property, but i can't unless i get permission. God bless them it works, not here though.
A nice "Dankeschön" you snuck in there ;) well done
Merica!!1!
Our opportunity has pasted. We’re now just a bunch of kooks with guns
1:59 should be Schusswaffen no?
Saying "I am British" Isn't exactly a defense for not supporting gun ownership, it is an admission of guilt toward the fact that you agree that gun laws are insane in Britain. So insane that now you have a knife crime problem because criminals will just move to a new weapon.
That ain't a Highway, that is a "Landesstrasse"
This just seems unnecessary.
Ok, but one main question remains unanswered: WARRUM?
funny to see this as a swiss soldier
And this proves, once again, that guns do not kill people. It's the people wielding the guns who do.
Its like the perfect place for an assassination mission in gta 5
Is there anything Will Mellor can't do!
Fascinating and reassuring to know how such a shooting range works, but I still don't understand why there's a shooting range over a road. Doesn't matter now I suppose since it's there and it's safe. Great video!
I wonder how much longer we will have freedom in America to own firearms
Seen this on Bloke on the range channel! Good stuff!
Top. Das wäre in Deutschland undenkbar.
Why does Swiss German sound so norse?
Imagine a British club trying to get planning permission for that...
"YouTube has demonetized this video due to safe and sound use of fire arms" 🤣
Did I see Bloke and Chap shooting there once?
I would I liked if you talked about ricochet. Is there no way the bullet can ricochet back on the road?
For once BOTR and The Chap have something in common with Tom Scott aside from British heritage, neat!
There I was, driving down the road in my convertible and all of a sudden there were high powered rifle bullets whizzing over my head.  I was lucky to escape with my life.
I'm not sure if I love or hate this. The range is cool
This feels like déjà vu...? Didn’t Tom make this video already?
My friend's been there, says it really is safer than any regular outdoor range he's been to in Poland.
Another "Suddenly: German" moment (with weird Rs)
I only saw the thumbnail and I immediatly knew it had to be in my home country haha
Great video!
What about Morphy's law .. is it not applied here regarding to the standing up ?
What a strange world where proper training is compulsory
I am Dutch and I understood 65% procent of the swiss guy's explanation
And just then a British double decker tour bus goes by.
Just wondering why Tom left one of the world's most famous rifle shooting countries (England) and travelled all the way to Switzerland to make this video, when England has superb rifle ranges -- including the world-renowned Bisley ranges -- and, clearly, we're every bit as expert and safety conscious as the Swiss?
I'd imagine the only way to hit a car there, would be to use a special bullet designed to drop below the wall, after passing it. That, I believe, would be highly unlikely to happen by manufacturing mistakes. But hey, maybe that's an idea for a really insane and overly complicated assassination plot. Maybe something a movie would do.
Yo I have a question, it might be stupid but whatever; what if the bullet ricochets by scraping the top edge of the wall?
Tom I swear you’ve already made this video
Is that guy Dutch?
Finally a realistic look at firearms in conjunction with people that’s not left af
i mean, the sound of guns going off could distract a driver, and all that noise must surely annoy the wildlife
Being British hardly disqualifies you from discussing gun ownership. Plenty of us shoot at ranges all over the country.  That said, props to Tom for bringing attention to the fact that gun ownership doesn't drive crime. Switzerland is proof of this. Most gun control is a joke. Social factors drive gun crime, not people who own guns for sport.
And I thought it was risky that my old commute cut through a golf course…
Not to get political but it's nice to see some positive representation of the shooting scene for once, not to mention pointing out legal club shooters aren't the ones that are going to be getting up to no good with firearms. Great video Tom!
This is why you should never go paintballing with Swiss friends... They all know what they're doing.
Never say never.  I've lived in Switzerland for more than 25 years and in that time there were several incidents of people getting shot.  In one case a soldier who took his rifle home was found to have been shooting random people on the street.  In another someone entered the Zug cantonal government building and started shooting people.  In a third case someone went into a hotel near to my home and shot several people.  It is certainly very rare here but it does occur.  In general there is very little crime in Switzerland which I am convinced is because most Swiss live their whole lives in the region near to where they were born.  The country is small and there is no reason to move.  They form life long friendships and if they were ever to get caught committing a crime it would destroy their reputation for life.  I am originally from Canada where people move on average every five years so the social consequences of that are significantly lower as one can always move and start over.  I may be wrong but I think that is a big factor in why there is so little crime here and so much in North America.
As a Swiss I always enjoy videos like that. I'm also active in the swiss armed forces and I can confirm that we did get extensive training on firearmes. Most important we wehre also trained on how not to use them.  And trying to mess around at a shooting range would propably be as stupid as to rob a police station or entering a military base...  Since almost all gun owners are well trained we now how to use and store them save. Thats the reason you do not get headlines from Switzerland that somebody accidentaly shoot somebody.  The only shooting accident I encountered in my Military service was, when someone in my company accidentaly shoot a round in the disarming box while disarming the gun. However I can remeber cuntless accidents with the swiss army knife.😂
Willkommen in der Schweiz ;-)
Beside the shooting range, the view is beautyful. Switzerland is such a nice country. Sometimes I wish I could afford to move there...
meanwhile, the USA making a big mess of everything regarding weaponry as usual.
One of the things I love about America is the love of fire arms and ownership available to anyone.
A piece of plywood on the door from mid way up takes care of the chance of an accident happening.
Looks like the same place lindybeige shot the K31 at.
I myself are swiss and have shot plenty of times on such ranges, I was always wondering how you measure where you hit, without the shot damaging the sensor
Ah yes, perfect shooting practice
Just a heads up, some of the crazier southern variety of Americans are in some of the threads here making up their own definition of communism and socialism, just avoid them, there are plenty of other really awesome people here as well.
Nobody’s gonna mention how they literally calculate where the bullet hit using *microphones* ????
Once again shows that private gun ownership is possible without it endangering the general public. I think the reasons it is so bad in the US are mostly not the usual scapegoat of lax gun laws. The only legislative problem I see there is safe storage. Guns get stolen all the time in the US. And most guns criminals use are stolen or otherwise illegally acquired, because other that what many believe, there is a background check required that prevents convicted felons from buying guns.
I really want to have a go.
Hopefully no one watching this video goes there to prove you wrong!
I'd feel better if it is downright impossible to stand and shoot at this range.
Note to self: don't get on the top floor of a double-decker bus when in Switzerland...
So cool to see another video featuring Switzerland ^^
$
Difference between US and the Swiss, discipline and obligatory training. US gun idiots would call "discipline and obligatory training" second amendment violations.
The same thing in Senny Bridge, Wales. 1km range that goes over a main road.
OK, I'm never sitting on the top deck of a double decker bus in Switzerland.
Gimme sniper AMMO BOIS
What about high sided vehicles or abnormal loads? I assume the range is closed for such and event?
Switzerland is gunning to out-America America.
Cool
I like how you do a lot of videos here, actually. I am so proud of my country. The funny thing is right now I am about 1 hour away from this place.
"This range is genuinely 100% safe otherwise it could never have been built"
I've driven over this highway many times and always wondered about the targets beside the road. Now I know.
How do you resist shooting a moving target LMAO
'Bloke on the range'  channel used this range or still uses it if anyones interested
I wonder if they have a rule against subsonic ammunition or other things that might cause a steeper trajectory. Then again, I don't even know if their measuring system would work on subsonic ammunition.
Norwegian guy hiding in the alps after having learned german...
*Me wantig to turn off the subtitles* "hmm, why can't I turn them off? Oh right! I'm swiss xD🤦🏼‍♂️
So, what happens if a bullet barely clips the top of that wall... and scatters into traffic?
And i who thought Mike and Fabien would show up (Bloke on the range).
I'd say this would work for most of American gun owners, most of us are very safe and responsible with our guns taking every precaution needed, but there are of course some morons who have no clue what they're doing and completely ignore safety, they ruin it for the rest of us and we have great disdain for them
Respect to you Tom for deliberately side stepping the political situation concerning firearms. I am always quite happy with how fair you are.
if you dont want to get into the politics of gun ownership dont bring up the politics of gun ownership. p.s there is nothing wrong with the right to bear arms. you get a gun licence, you have the right to own a gun. if we live in a world where the only people with the right to guns are the police and government. that is a dangerous thing.
Very important caveats of this story, thank you Tom!
Could they not just find a place to build a shooting range without a road behind it?
**And suddenly Mr. Bean sitting on a Sofa on top of his Mini Mark 4 appears at the shooting zone**
Wait, i think i have seen this video already.
4:38 challenge accepted
I still think it is mad shooting over a busy road.
Isn't there any problem by shooting into the wall : can't the bullet bounce back towards the shooting booths ?
Ya but what if Jeremy Clarkson drives through with his customized tower camper?
It would haven been interesting to know, how often the wall gets hit by accident.
just seeing the title/thumbnail i was like "this is switzerland isn't it?" and it was
Not at all shocked that there are no criminal incidents. Legal firearms ownership comes with a tremendous sense of responsibility for the common welfare.
If you ever seen scenic footage of rural Switzerland with tiny villages and cottages, chances are high that one of these cottages is heavily reinforced bunker or ammo depot. Every town or village is infact well equipped and trained military base (giving compulsory service)
....isn't there a risk of faulty ammunition clearing the barrier but not reaching the target,  and then hitting the frickin' road?
Guns don't kill people, people do.
Quite the standing army, for a country with a reputation of being fairly, shall we say, passive? I'm impressed.
Imagine going there with a grenade launcer
Bloke on the range showed this off
I knew about this range but I always thought the wall was much closer to the road. I would still be worried about the possibility of a partial charge detonation which might decrease the range of the bullet enough that it falls into traffic.
oh wait your in swizerland :D hope you find it dope  know a bunch of cool stuff to do if you need a tour guide ;) *wink
there are more guns in just my county then in all of switzerland.
That accent, wow! So dutch
Two countries but the responsibility and discipline is totally different. It's quite sad honestly.
Is it the same range that Bloke On The Range showed?
I live near this shooting range! We always drive past it but I have actually never seen them shoot...
well, a bullet could hit the top edge of the wall, ricochet almost vertically, and crack somebody's windshield falling down. there's your possible trajectory. chunks of wall could hit the cars, too.
These are a bit more common in the United States.
*whole world looks at America*  "So what do you say to that ?" 0,o
While that may be safe, isn't there somewhere they could put a range that ISN'T over a road? While unlikely, it seems like a tumbling bullet could theoretically still make it down to the road.
The vast majority of gun related death in the US are accidents and the next biggest cause is gang violence.  Thanks to all those who we have legally allowed and illegally enter the US. 👏 yay diversity causing death and misery like it or not.
I bet it was harder to get a permit for that drone shoot at the end, then to shoot a firearm over the road.
I wonder if the tourists speed up whenever they go past this area, haha.😂
There are actually more shooting ranges in switzerland, where you fire over a busy road🤷🏻‍♂️
by ading the risk of prison it can really encourage you to improve your shot
Switzerland is a good example of how you can have gun ownership while still keeping people safe
New Veritasium?
In Chicago every road has a shooting range that fires over it.
Just goes to show you that when you don't follow the United States you can actually have firearms and not have lots of death because of it. I understand that if the population was higher, the chances of an incident also increases, but even factoring that in, the number is incredibly low. The United States values freedom over safety and gets mad when people do stupid things because of it. Remember that Freedom for smart people is also freedom for idiots...
3:22 Tom shooting a gun then laughing is weirdly threatening, feels like a villain scene in an action movie
Love it !!
Ok, but why build it right there?
still gotta be a *little* harrowing driving there
Now I want to see a Tom Scott meets Bloke on the Range video.
Was there even a single bullet mark in the concrete wall? I'm betting not, but curious to know.
When you're german and still have to read the subtitle. Nevertheless great infotainment!
Basic newtonian physics that most people don't understand.  This could work at any responsible range, anywhere.  I have never seen a purpose built club or commercial range in the US that didn't take safety rules deadly serious.  The what would happen if... thoughts of the casual public can just as easily be, what would happen if i shot an instructor, or turned around and shot the ready room.   Most gun stupidity is done by people with no training or by people that flaunt such stupidity.  Unfortunately the open world is vulnerable to them.
What dose this country not have that America has , and is the reason for gun crime and violence
"Professionals have standards"
>being british means you nothing about firearms stop projecting
I remember when tom tried to erase his fingerprints with pineapple
This is still a terrible idea.
As always maintained by people who wish to keep their hobbies, gun safety is a cultural thing. Citing the US as an example of things gone "bad" is as illogical as saying that all dogs will bite you - they have systemic issues, and if you magically took the firearms away they'd find other creative ways to kill each other.
You struck a commendably even-handed tone, as ever, Tom. Well done.
Doesn't want to get into politics of gun ownership. Yet visits a gun range, there's nothing wrong with it at all. Good for you for doing things people know little about.
Now imagine telling Tom about the "Jungschützenkurs"  the youth shooting cours. Where 10-20 year olds are tought to shoot the Sturmgwehr 90.
Thanks for the subtitels.... I´m german and this swiss-german is earcancer
Gun positivity? I thought that was forbidden in mainstream social media...
There are rules against stabbing people to induce terror as well though.
I wanna move to Switzerland now
This just in:  Tom Scott and Switzerland are both based.  More tonight at 11.
Many registered guns, but I presume all or at least very, very high number of their owners have no ammo at home. There lies most of the safety.
Why not just block the window at the top, making it only possible to shoot while prone? Seems like a quick fix, and if they are not allowed to do anything than shoot in a prone position, this would take any other options away.  Oh well, no incidents means it's probably not worth changing.
...ja ...ja ...ja
I believe this is called a driveby shooting
One of the biggest reasons why the Swiss have so few incidents is that they have more of a culture of creating training and rules and regulations around their firearms that most everyone agrees to follow, and less of a culture of "You can't tell me what to do" like America has. All the gun nuts here hold up the stats that "most everyone in Switzerland has guns and they don't have problems!" while completely ignoring just how much training and rules and responsibility culture they have surrounding them, as well as their willingness to regulate them as needed (mostly to maintain the Schengen Treaty), but retaining their freedom to possess them. Once Americans are done with their compulsory training, half of them "forget" they're actually supposed to be responsible with their firearms **all the time** and not just during those classes.
Me on my way to Switzerland to cause harm by join a rifle club, getting all the permits and then deciding to take a pot shot on a car 😎
Who’s this bloke on the range? That’s not Mike.
Dia kommentarsektion isch jetz eigentum vo da bünzlis
I think for direct fire the range is safe.  The problem is that there is still a possibility that ricochet or shrapnel can harm or injure people within a certain distance from where the rifle is fired.  The probability is low, I'm sure, but it isn't zero.  If they increased the frequency of shooting from the range and increased the frequency of cars travelling across the path of flying projectiles, eventually it will reach a probability point where something happens.    For example, is it *impossible* that a bullet skimming the very top edge of the thick concrete wall could change trajectory in such a way that it strikes something a few degrees lower and a few degrees to the left or right of where it was originally heading?
to think the british used to be able to use enfields like semi auto's and with good accuracy how far they have fallen.
And what happens when someone uses a round that didnt have the normal amount of power in it and a car just so happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Sure odds are extremely low but not zero.
I wonder if the weapon was zeroed for that exact distance
Now, that explains why the zoo kept receiving dead giraffes.
This can never happen in America
"Major highway". I can hear the American viewers laughing.
The issue in the US is down to people who shouldnt have a gun having a gun. Not the gun itself. This is a good example of that and how safe it can be.
You should have asked "Bloke on the range" Youtuber. British living in switzerland.
Switzerland has a lot of people with guns, but nearly no one with ammunition at home. In America you have both.
there is a high level of fire arm ownership in the USA and a very low level of peple that are hurt by guns
I already knew this one from LindyBeige! Still great to see it from a different perspective though
Just leave a slit to shoot through so you can only shoot prone.
"Breaking the safety rules surrounded by military trained firearm enthusiasts is, ah, not a great plan." I loved that sentence.
It does surprise me, I would have thought a nick on top of the wall would take out enough speed to loop onto the road. Maybe so much speed is lost that it is indistinguishable from a fly or small stone.
I'm British so I am not qualified to opine on the politics of gun ownership...  always awesome to see someone who knows their own limits.
Guns don't kill people.   People with super easy access to automatic machine guns and unnecessarily over powered weapons kill lots of people with ease...in seconds...and without no one caring until they get someone they love murdered by them...even when it is the right thing to care about it they don't care...making them villains and proxies for the criminals...
Absolutely staggering to hear the similarities between the Swiss language (German in this case) and Dutch.   Very strange to hear the exact same words just pronounced a little different.
could you please do a deep dive on exactly how that digital target works?? (preferably in English)  (edit) what about subsonic ammo? do the mic's need the supersonic crack to track impact??
how is this not in the u.s. and are you allowed to practice drive-bys?
"no projectiles can get through it. it's impossible" me turning up with a 120mm loaded with apfsds: *lets test your theory*
I'd love to go somewhere like this in the UK and try shooting. Well controlled and everything. No chance of the firearms ending up in the public.
Meanwhile in America...
"Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on Forgotten..." Ah no, wrong channel.
Thats why there aren't any double-deckers in that country.
Nice technique Tom! This is from an American rifleman!
Apparently they've never had a ricochet.
Why do they have to register them. If they are registered, then in a very real sense they don't own them.
Americans can’t be told to follow any rules because freedom! Rights!
One IMPORTANT thing you did not mention is that we are not allowed to take ammunition home (for most military weapons) and this is strictly regulated and controlled. There are other types of weapons and ammunition that are allowed, but there the weapon is usually locked and the automatic firing is disabled.
Gun ownership in the UK is also very professional - it's not like it's illegal to own a firearm. I treat them with respect as you should.
I like the new ammo nation in gta 6
In some places in the US the road is the shooting range and the targets are the road signs
another fascinating video, thank you
I buy a lot of Norma ammunition. Mostly because it is Swiss manufactured and they didn't inflate their prices as much as us greedy exploitative Americans. We suck at trying to control people's lives. I'll admit that. But if it wasn't for us, those Swiss would be speaking German... But seriously, if I was going to be a citizen of any country besides America, it'd be Switzerland. They just live better lives because nobody is standing around telling them how to live.
“Service in the military is compulsory for men, albeit with the choice of doing civilian public service work.” Didn’t mention how if you don’t do the military here and choose to do civilian public service work or are deemed unfit to do the military, you have to pay a special tax for all the years that you should have been in the military for.. definitely not so much choice if you are an able bodied young male…
Ooo
It didnt seem like you really tried not get political
I just wanna say that I always get excited when I see a new Tom Scott video in my feed. Thanks for all these videos about quirky, strange, terrifying or ingenius things and places.
Is this a reupload? I feel like I've seen this before?
Lindebeige
Me..."how does that targeting system work?"  Video (three seconds later)...."here's how that targeting system works."
As a person from Zurich im not surprised that the picture was from switzerland
What a revelation - if everyone around you has a gun it keeps everyone else in check and nobody breaks the rules. As opposed to when nobody has a gun, then one with a gun can break all the rules.
Just goes to show it's not the guns but the gun owners.
I guess apart from operator error the only other risk is from under loading your powder by mistake and the bullet dropping onto the road area. I would guess you have to use factory ammo only at this range
Nice accent, the Swiss German.
AR holds a hunnid shells💯
*shoots at target*  *cow on hill dies*  Accidents: 1.
The rules and attitude around safety and training are universal for almost all shooting ranges.
In switzerland in the trains its not rare to see military people with their guns. If you carry your guns when you're not in service you are required to have the gun and ammunition in two sepwrate bags far away from eachother. And you cant just swing it around.
" Guns don't kill people.... People kill people!"   WITH GUNS.
the owner loves his job, you can see it in his body language!
Are you still in Switzerland? I'd love to meet you
Untidy States of Embarrassment.. Over 40,000 dead each year from gun violence. Over 20,000 are suicide. Cops alone killed over one thousand AMERICANS last year!!
I strongly believe we can improve the gun issue in the US by 1) mental health services, and 2) destigmitize guns and promote training on how to use them properly.
I appreciate your attempt to curtail the political talk, however vain the attempt may be. I too get tired of the same arguments cropping up every time a firearm is mentioned on a non-firearm centric channel.
You'll never see this in USA. Americans have proven they can't even trust basic science like vaccines, let alone projectile physics.
park a double decker bus in the right spot and paint the windows to match the targets
Very fascinating. I would have loved to see more details on how the bullet ricochets are contained
*GASP* BUCKET LIST!!!!
Culture makes it safe there... in America, cars would be shot.
What if a bullet just barely hits the concrete wall, just enough to slow it down a little bit to change it's ballistics in a way that it hits a car?
What's the range to the target and does this range double as a zeroing range?
this is what america could look like if people followed rules but sadly we like to break the rules around here making it so we have to have more rules and those rules get broken and so on.
No way the bullet can graze the top of the wall and slow down enough to hit a car?
But I was told counting hits on target was a job for recruits...
The swiss seems to understand gun laws & how to use safe ownership, very interesting video tom
"Hey Tom Scott here and today i will become a paramilitary guerilla fighter for the IRA"
4:16 - what if someone would stand up and hit the road? they they will be thrown out of the club. Or, as Ray Charles said it: Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more  the song should be on their safety instructions.
I've been driving there across once with my convertible car during a shooting. One hears the bangs as with any other range in the country, but there you also hear the swirl of the bullets going through the air. One feels vulnerable at that moment.
It's funny how they have the draft, yet never engage in wars.
I’m assuming the open top double decker bus tour doesn’t go past here
People in the US shoot over cars all the time  ... when they miss
Isn't this a re-upload? I swear I already saw this
A couple of friends of mine go to this shooting competition in Italy, every year. It's the 2-mile shooting competition, and the shooting stand is on one mountain, and the targets are on the next, and in between there's a village.
I am german and I had to read the subtitles. Swiss people, you are a lovely lot, but god darn you really do not know how to speak
"Oh, what if you decide to point the rifle at someone?  You will VERY rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore. " :D Had to laugh.
Amerìcan liberals should take notes.
I mean they could just move the whole thing a little bit and there would be no road in between. Doing that the way it's currently set up it's just Swiss way of flexing :D
Oh neat, I actually recognize that place. When I visited Switzerland with my family a while back we actually drove under there. Gotta say despite it being safe it's still a little shock when you drive under there and see the targets of a shooting range.
It's truly unfortunate that the citizens western nations like the UK and Australia gave their governments the sole right to utilize force and ceded any rights of their own.
This is eye opening
Great range, loved it to shoot there! We in Germany unfortunately don’t have such cool ranges, we just have traditional ones. But at least we can visit Switzerland 😁👍
I've been by that twice and didn't notice it. To my sorrow. I know of two other places in Switzerland with similar facilities - and. like this one, you can't see the road from the firing positions. I've lost track of just how many small ranges that I've seen motorcycling around Switzerland.
Us in the United States just can't seem to figure it out...
I might be crazy but I thought this was uploaded a while ago... Is this just a reupload for a correction or something?
Ah bloke on the range territory.
130k rounds per year is tiny. When I volunteered at a range near my home we'd mark nearly 30k per weekend.
Switzerland - my kind of country (in many ways)!
As far as I know there is a crossbow shootingrange in the middle of a town called thun which also goes over the city street. Might be interesting for a video as well
So nice mir schwiizer uf somne grosse channel :) Such a nice thing, us swiss guys on such a big channel :)
The best channel on earth.
Something about polite society
1:08 Casually breeze over the sexism 😐
Hearing Tom say I thought it was a magnifier and not scope made me chuckle.
Never work in Texas. Texas love moving targets.
Meanwhile in America we can't follow simple rules. I love how they have a high gun ownership but low gun crime.
I love how with every Tom's video I learn something interesting but also a little bit of german now
The gist of it: Guns do not kill people, people kill people. But almost noone gets that.
Fired more shots in this video than they did during WWII
I just wish the US took gun ownership more seriously. Required training, gun club registration, etc. Then maybe we could avoid mass shootings while still being able to enjoy going out to a range like this.
I didn't know Swiss German was just German spoken by a Norwegian.
Morality is the reason why good people are safe.
Can we take into appreciation the fact that a lot of those drivers on the highway are probably very unaware that bullets were whizzing over them as they go about their daily lives?
It would be great if the US followed similar models to Switzerland. People would be able to own guns and there'd be a probable reduction in gun violence.  But unfortunately the reasons why gun violence is such a big issue run deep. We have such significant issues with this attitude of "don't tell me what to do". We're very proud. . Arrogant, even, and we balk at authority. "Independent" is a word that gets tossed around and in a way it's what makes us strong. . But it is also an Achilles heel.  It's why nothing gets done even though we all agree there's some kind of problem.
When entering that range, don't hum or whistle "Hit the road, Jack".
america are you paying attention?
swiss is such a weird language thought i was hearing dutch german and english for a minute
Next time You are in Switzerland, pay a visit to the Rhaetian Railway ;) (Vacuum brakes & Albula/Bernina line)
Of course you do realise that rifle is almost certainly illegal in the UK don't you? Semi-automatic from the look of it (no external bolt) and all of those in higher than .22 calibre are illegal here.  Thanks to the over-reaction after Hungerford we saw this sort of thing banned in the UK. No matter that simply enforcing the existing laws properly would almost certainly have stopped Hungerford from happening.
If I was driving on the road and heard a gunshot, I would swerve off the road!
I've driven past that quite a few times, and always wondered how it worked! In the little village I used to live in the Bernese Oberlands (south of Interlaken), they had their shooting range disconcertingly close to the kids playground. Never heard of any issues there though either to be fair!
It’s cool to see the human element properly accounted for and enforced in their operating guidelines
Bad news for trucks
Danger, shoot too high with a failed burn, and you can hit the road.
I wonder how much further down in elevation would the road have to be to be able to shoot standing. Like how deep of a trench would you need to dig? I guess you could lower the shooting position and raise the targets a bit but that doesn't sound ideal.
I would like to see this culture make its way to America. The old guys take guns seriously, but a lot of the young guys have lost some of the lessons their grandfathers should have taught them.
Here I was thinking my little hill of Murican dirt with some steel on it was nice.  That is a very nice range tho.
Kind of like a drive thru tavern.
Training and attitude, as with many things in life big and small. The Swiss may got something here that we can all learn from.
I am more shocked about Tom liking coffee than shooting a gun.
That is wild. Imagine driving along that road and hearing bullets whizzing past just above.
I went into this video absolutely appalled that someone thought this was a good idea, by the end of the video I would feel absolutely safe driving along this road if I had to.
The Swiss German accent is so good
Swiss is the proof that other countries problems are not what they think.
1:56 It's Schusswaffe (shooting weapon) not Schutzwaffe (defensive weapon)
Very common sense driven the Nordic countries :”)
You explained the problem of the US
Very cool. I’m not keen on owning a gun, just cause I don’t see myself needing one. But shooting is fun, especially for sport.   Fair and level competition quells insecurities and the feeling that one may have shortcomings of any sort. We should all be trained to use a long gun like this, just for shits n gigs if anything else
Steppenwolf vibes
Since you brought it up, I am American and lived in Switzerland. The Swiss are civilized and Americans are not.
You find the coolest things around the world and the extra importance on safety is appreciated.
Tom, I hope I can get you to answer this: did you swap the gunshots in post or is the sound as recorded? Thanks!
Americans has too much privileges.
Why?
AMERICANS: Hmmm.. we should do that here.. interesting practice.. build up ur courage to shoot.. you know.. real things.
This language/accent is very strange. It makes too much sense for me as a Dutch speaker...
Place would’ve opened and closed the same day in the USA.
Imagine someone just starts lighting up the cows
Absolutely safe? Yes. Could have been utterly avoided? Yes.
Guns aren't the problem. Firearms safety, training, and respect (or lack of any one or all three) is the problem.  Also edit: As Tom mentions at the end, this is a perfect example of how legal gun owners aren't the problem (especially up here in Canada where we have strict gun laws and virtually zero gun crime with legal/registered guns). I agree that it should be hard to get a gun license, but once you have it and you're responsible with it the restrictions should ease off.
I am fully expecting a Tom Scott plus Bloke on the Range video to come after this
That's the coolest range I've ever seen, wonder if they allow tourists to visit?
Here in Britain anyone can own a firearm if it's classified as antique (pre 1939) and you can fire up to .22 rifles at clubs without a firearms license.
We have a 500 yard bench location along with 300, 200 and 100 yards but when the 500 yard bench is used, the whole club is shut down because it fires over the road too :)  Of course the road is the private road of the club not a public hwy :)    And taking the politics out of firearms is easy, just stop :)  we take this very seriously here in the USA :)
more guns = more peace = big brain
Bloke on the range did this exact video years ago but without the degenerate language
Further proving that it is a cultural thing, and they are just a tool (albeit a dangerous one that deserves a lot of respect). People don't become violent just because they happen to own one.
The perfect place to get flashbacks of bullets flying over your head
Something to think about is how strict the Swiss are with immigration, Mmm could be part of the reason 🤔
Yes, but why? 😂
I never get why Americans think gun control means taking away all guns..
Every Tom Scott video is the most Tom Scott video ever, until the next Tom Scott video.
Didn’t know Will Mellor worked at a shooting range
why would they do that they have cheese!
Standing on the roadside hearing the bullets wizz overhead would been cool
The explanation for how the target works is so much cooler
I saw the thumbnail and just knew it has to be switzerland😂we just dont gaf
This feels incredibly illegal-
So, you've proven that country and people doesn't matter, but that 'gun-free zones' make _excellent_ homicide targets.
It was really nice to hear him speak German! :D
of course, it had to be in Switzerland. Have to make do with the little space we have
Hey, I've seen Bloke on the Range on this range! He's a brit who lives in Swizerland and makes cool videos about Swizerland, history, guns and history of guns (and cheese).
A reupload?
Very cool. Something like that would never fly here in the states because the bar for ownership is set way too low and the fear mongering is way too high. Heavens forbid we ever do anything sensible like the Swiss do.
Wow that target system is cool.
As opposed to where I live where the gun lobby is working hard to make sure people without any licensing or training or discipline buy guns so they can be a hazard to everyone in their community including themselves
4:34 Thank you for that statement!
Now I'm just waiting for the edit where Tom shoots himself then vanishes with a scream
Next Tom Scott Video: The Place Where You Can Actually Kill People
I never mind if people have a gun, I would even really like to own a gun if it wasn't ban in my country.
Tom Scott doing a video about Switzerland? This pleases the patriot in me :)
Why do I understand Swiss better than German, which I studied for five years? O_o
Even I as a german need subtitles for that
Switzerland: 1to 2 gun-related incidents per year USA: 1 to 2 gun-related incidents per minute
as an american this breaks my brain, but the physics and rules make it make sense
There's quite a few shooting ranges directly next to roads (or even shooting over the road) in switzerland. It's really not that uncommon here... I know a shooting range where you could simply turn around and shoot cars if you wanted to. But again, try to turn around with a loaded weapon, you won't get far... And there's another one right next to where i live where a public hiking path goes right through the target area. They shoot with MGs and Mortars there.. ^^
That's crazy. Just hope no one ever has like a triple decker bus or some really tall vehicle
Funny how everyone complains about the US until they are begging for help from the US
That is sick..
People shoot people not guns shoot people
I’m excited for all the memes people are gonna make now that we have a clip of rifle-shooting Tom
Love the production of this Video. I really like the small details like the choice of camera angles during the shooting scenes and the pacing of the video. Love it.
What about shrapnels when you hit the walls edge?
"You will very rapidly not be holding a rifle anymore"  In the US Army, a trainee pointed a rifle at my brother. My brother grabbed the rifle, redirected it, and then proceeded to break the trainee's nose. An investigation cleared him of any wrongdoing.
Alternative title: *America*
Those cows made my day
Can tourists visiting Switzerland do this or is it just under special circumstances?
Once Tom is there and I dont drive by...
As a lieutenant in the Swiss army this video is very accurate. We don't mess around with gun safety.
“You will be very rapidly not holding a rifle anymore” killed me 😂
I seen a swedish guy on here do a video on this range and talk about permits and requirements.
Even if the Swiss relaxed the laws around gun ownership, I would bet they wouldn’t see any appreciable rise in any incidents. It’s ingrained in their culture, rules and respect, crime is low… Even with a thriving gun culture it’s a safe place to live.
Mandatory Military really does something to a nation.
the last minute of this video makes the exact case for why responsible gun owners in the US aren't the issue with gun violence.
The UK used to have a similar relationship with their firearms, many schools used to in fact have shooting ranges where they taught kids shooting along with the discipline to go with it. Sadly that's all gone and unlikely to return.
looks like i need to visit Switzerland
Even in America where guns are plentiful, they would never allow a range setup like that
lets hope a large double decker bus doesn’t come by 😝
What about a round that grazes or tumbles against the wall's top surface?
What does it tell us? Its not the weapon thats the problem, so the US can just keep their laws going  Its the people thats the problem and the US really needs to work on that...
Hmmm, I wonder about two scenarios: One, manufacturing error with a partly filled or misshapen shell, so the bullet gets over the wall but doesn't have enough energy to make it all the way to the target. Or two, bullet hits the edge of that wall, ricochets up, then comes back down with gravity still carrying a lot of energy. That's just stuff I can think of watching YouTube. While it's great that nothing has happened yet, I think there are far too many chances for something to go wrong at a firing range, to continue to risk firing over public spaces.
murica: we got schools
Get ready to be flagged. Any YT video that features firearms, but doesn't demonize them is hate speech in 2021.
What an awesome video. Thanks for this one!!
Yessss i've driven down that road since i was a little kid at least a few times a year! So cool to see Tom do a video on that :)
Tom Scott has convinced me Europe is just a large posh GTA simulator
I can definitely see how bullet could hit the road! It could scratch the fense then it could hit the road.
From the sound of how well they have safety in mind, I feel the incident I would be most concerned about would be a bird swooping right in to the path of the rifle, getting killed, and then hitting a car, which on the level of freak accidents, that's about at the level of getting hit by a meteorite
Everyone shooting until Target Truck appeared
Inturesting but it does seem unnessicary haha.
See I was wondering why they would lay it out this way, but then of course this makes the gun club easy to reach by road and it's not really a noise nuisance if it's already next to a noise nuisance. I bet that most of the people who drive on that road never hear a shot, you have to be right in the right position when it's fired and driving with the windows down. In much the same way that the bullets can't hit the road the sound waves probably can't either, maybe you'd get an echo.
God I love their targets so much.
Remember that time Lloyd from Lindybeige went there? Good times :)
Was this before or after Tom started drinking coffee?
Maybe Scott should say that the only reason the ownership ratio is so high is because these are all mandatory army guns that have to be kept without ammunition. Kinda important detail when you don't want to go into gun law politics.
I thought this was suppose to be a driving range, like golf… but somehow i think this is more safe…
Never knew Gaz from Two Pints of Lager went on to be a Swiss firearms instructor when the series ended.
I appreciate the  instructor making the effort to speak in High German despite clearly being a Swiss-German speaker 😂
what
Regulations save lives, folks!
No non-american would do that is what you mean.
I'm just imagine the regulations the had to pass.
What if a huge juggernaut drives down though?
This wouldn't be possible in the US.  Not standing up while shooting a firearm?  "Why, that takes away muh FREEDOM!"
is that wil mellor from Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps?
All comes down to culture!
I love the switzerdutch accent :)
Tom Scott: Lethal at 300 metres
The YT channel BlokeontheRange shoots at that place IIRC. He's done vids on this place as well as others. I commend you for stepping outside your comfort zone on a regular basis for our enjoyment.
what insane willpower to not aim for the tires of the cars. Truly amazing fortitude my the swiss!
Lived in Lugano for 3 years. The shooting range there was next to one of the major grocery markets in town.
Thank you Tom! Even though having done service myself i never fail to be amazed how we have such „lush“ gun regulations, but because you follow some simple rules it works almost perfectly.
I'd have no issue with the basic safety from the point of view of the shooting, but surely it scares the wits out of some drivers when you get a supersonic 'crack' as a high velocity round clears the road. I remember time down at the 'butts' in Altcar range (near Formby in the UK) and it was that noise which made you jump!
Wait till the Americans heard about this place 😂...  Then its open season for car's.
But why is it over an road? Lack of space? Cultural significance? No reason other than fun? I wish there was more detailing on that. Or maybe I just missed it.
Oh cool
I would choose a Swiss citizen with a gun over a US citizen with a gun.
I learned recently Swiss all must join the service like the Israeli's. And until like 2006 or sumthn everyone kept the gear, rifle included.
Actually you can clip the top of the wall and sheer the bullet. The bullet then could be diverted down due to the unequal force from the sheered bullet (think like dumb movies where they curve bullets). There's a number of videos where people file down bullets to make them curve in air
As someone who was taught gun safety from childhood, this makes me incredibly uncomfortable. Idc what the stats say I was taught to only point a gun in the direction something I’m willing to shoot.
Its just a matter of time, that rifle already grew two front legs, Its about to walk out at any time now and go on mass shooting.
i just wonder if there is a sign that warns you (especially on a motorcyle) about the bullets flying over your head as i bet you are scared shitless on a bike and the supersonic crack flies over you.
Switzerland gun rate is so low because they have to do 1 year military service and only then can keep their guns and only a select few are allowed ammo with their guns. So they are armed but most cannot shoot. The idea is that if they go to war they can easily distribute ammo and everyone already has the guns.
So just having faith in logic and physics means it's perfectly fine
I thought this was about spa francorchamps
I still don't understand why, though. Just to make a political statement? Why not point the whole thing the other way?
I'm thoroughly enjoying Tom's tour through Europe in these recent series of videos!
USA , are you watching this ? , the owners are educated ,trained experts . Not idiotic religious Gumpers clinging to an "amendment " .
There’s a shooting range in California with a skydiving school next door.  The parachuters come in just over the range.  No accidents yet but.... ya
I said it on other videos but here we are again. Tom really does all the cool stuff. What a life :D
It's normal for shooting ranges to be near roads or other civilian structures here in switzerland. Many ranges have actual pathways below or above the targets that get closed with some wire whenever someone's shooting.
Come here we have good chocolate, pls thanks
So don't say anything and just do the show.
i expected this to be in the us but guess not lmao
God bless the few European countries and their citizens who were smart enough to prevent tyrannical governments from confiscating their firearms! God give the rest of these European countries and their citizens the smarts to turn themselves around by electing strong political leaders who will push strong firearm policies allowing law abiding citizens to carry firearms to protect themselves!
I remember this from bloke on the range.
I think that's what people miss, the people that own guns in Switzerland...the majority have been trained properly.
A friendly reminder that this is the country known for being neutral in every war they're involved in.
"Two hours from Zurich". Half of Switzerland is within two hours of Zurich. Just say, this place is about half an hour from Bern. ;)
Never thought he'd use Clickbait-Arrows....
We are super safe in Europe  How? Oh we follow all the range rules developed in America after ww2.  So its the same they are just uppity about it
Remember - Swiss gun laws, even if permitting common ownership of firearms are still stricter than US ones.
Thats what happens when the vast majority of the population are the same stock that make up the pope's guard.
Finally a video where I dont need my English 😅
🔥🔥🔥
Perfect example of the guns aren't the problem people are
I like the last statement you made about people sensible enough to do the proper training not being unhinged enough to shoot people. Too bad my government wouldn't listen to that.
Move from the UK, get yourself a gun and some training. You seemed to enjoy it.
Normalize firearm safety!
This is the thing with guns tho, the only reason someone would go through all the hassle to legally get a firearm to commit crimes is if they're just gonna kill themselves afterwards, and if that's the cases this person will probably not pass the psychology test. If someone is planning to commit a crime, gun laws don't matter. You are just limiting people that want to stay legal, because those who don't, will get a gun either way.
💫🔰
I saw in another video that the Swiss may keep their military service _firearms_ at home, but they don't keep _ammunition_ at home. They get that from the range when they go shooting, or from the military base when training.
Question: How many people have mounted an elevated target on top of their car and driven by this range to give them a moving target? (You know at least one person's done it at some point for a laugh)
3:30 Ohh, using microphones to triangulate the sonic boom of the bullet, that's a brilliantly simple solution!
what if you zone your gun incorrectly, then accidentally kill someone cause you shoot too low. unlikely, but possible
Just goes to show that it's a mental health issue rather than a firearm issue
My father used to live in the area, and i had always wondered how the shooting range worked when driving by. Fun to finally have answers :)
What about quantum tunneling, tho?
Imagine missing and causing an accident  Couldn't possibly be me
haha, I saw the title and thought - that's gotta be Switzerland!
But what if you stand up?
Bloke on the Range did a video on this range! Good to see it gets more exposure!
That man's German sounded almost more like Dutch to me.
I never thought I'd see one day Tom with the same weapon I used in recruit school !
Driving there while they are shooting still feels wrong. But there are other shooting ranges where I drive by with the mountain bike where you drive along the bullets with only a hill half covering you. Special moment, especially with the old AR 57 or the Karabiner. They are much louder.
Driving on a highway being blissfully unaware that you've just driven underneath a bullet is a fun thought.
It still takes an ENORMOUS amount of social trust for local residents (and drivers) to permit this, no matter how disciplined or how strict a range promises to be.   A range like this wouldn't be permitted in most countries. Not because the range owners would be doing something wrong, but because someone around will always object saying "What if?"   Kudos to the people of Switzerland for building such enormous trust in each other.
I’d probably get a bullseye but on the wrong target. Does that still count?
I think "bloke on the range" did a video about this.
I suppose it's not 100% correct that there's no possible trajectory for something fast enough to make it over the wall but not too fast to hit the road and be potentially deadly. A longbow could do it, but it would have to be a very low muzzle velocity and high angle for a bullet to make it. One assumes the allowable weapons at the range are restricted to those firing fast enough to make it impossible.
Its impossible to hit a car... You've not seen how bad my aim is 🤣
Hopefully they close the range when the zoo is transporting giraffes……..
"I'm British, I'm not qualified."
One could stand up or a bullet could graze the wall and lob down still with some good speed.
TBH i thought i was going to see Bloke and/or Chap from bloke on the range in this one
Would be so cool if you got to keep your gun after serving in the US military, then maybe I would’ve signed up.  Sadly, our government is WAY too cheap.  I like that they even have a little digital target to show where you hit. Never seen that at a gun range near me :(
More worried about the cows wandering into the road!
Everyone until the gangsta: someone shoots a guy while drivin
Is this a re-upload?
Where Tom chose not to look at the political angle, i definitely will: If America took it's constitution seriously, they'd set up strict gun control and enforce mandatory gun safety training ("Well regulated militia"). If people had this sense of respect and this level of training necessary for their gun in America, you'd see the rate of both accidental and intentional gun deaths cut in half in absolutely no time.
Meanwhile in USA: Hey Sir do you want a gun? Here take 2 the bullets are for free
It's just odd to think there isn't an area sufficiently large enough to host this *without* a road going across the range.  But I guess if it works, why bother looking.
Please for the love of god never use subsonic rounds on this range
I want one in my back yard.
I would absolutely love to live in  a society where we can be trusted to do whatever we want and not do horrible things. Somewhere where everyone could be trusted with a gun and have no incidents. Somewhere where people would be allowed to have fun with their cars in empty roads under certain conditions but could be trusted to not cut across 3 lines of traffic at 20kmh over the average speed. Unfortunately, at least for now, that is not even close to happening in my country. Btw I used guns and cars as an example but I mean it in general, imagine a world where people would actively stop bullying and just chill
This is blowing my mind. I live in Florida....
Someone made a video on this year's ago, but I cant remember for the life of me!
I saw the title and new it was Switzerland 😂
I get that's it totally safe, but it still seems wrong :)
My jaw dropped as soon as that guy said 'three microphones', for calculating the bullet placement. That's some genius technology there
oh i can say this is common in switzerland, we have one like this too in our town
It is a long shot - sorry for the pun - true, but if the bullet hits just the top of the wall it is possible it will continu its trajectory with  a kind of downward spiral and then hit a car. Very minor change on that but not zero.
"And they've all been thoroughly trained in how to use them". More importantly, how not to.
america
0:11, do they have bad aim
Remind me not to test my new triple-decker bus design in Switzerland.
doesn't Switzerland have something like a 1 per 100000 murder rate with fire arms or something (might be even less).  There are old videos out there where you can see their president on a shooting festival with drunk people around him being there without any bodyguards.  So drunk people with weapons all around and nothing happens.  The difference is, that Switzerland has actual gun control and takes public safety serious and also learns from mistakes. It's called being able to admit your wrongdoings and learning from them to prevent future damages.
Less than a hour and has 100k views youtube algorithm is crazy
Me, a tourist in Switzerland hearing a bang while taking a taxi: Did someone just shoot at us? Taxi driver: No, just above us. Me: I guess it's fine then.
1:57 Are there just rainbows everywhere in Switzerland?
Thank you very much Tom ! it is an honor as a swiss guy who took the miliary "choice" to get Switzerland some attention and its weapon politics in one of your video! And shooting a gun anywhere is always more fun, when you know there are A LOT of safety Rules. Great Video as always!
Something Something healthy realtionships 2 safety.
As a Canadian this is best thing I seen like omg we need something like this in Canada
Do we have anything like this in America?
Hello there, cool video.
Why Americans shoot each other and Swiss don't?
But they're Swiss - the ultimate rule followers :-)  I'm not certain this would be as feasible many other places.
of all the places
1:57 is that snow coming down on the right?
I actually been here back in 2012, there were a few folks shooting (i was recovering from a dislocated shoulder so sadly couldnt shoot). They are extremely friendly and explain alot about the different kind of rifles being used, though my German was sadly not that great to understand all, but with a great mix of English and German i had a great time there. It is very close to the trainstation (Burgholz), it has a direct connection with Geneve going through Spiez. It is a 3 hour trainride from Geneve, but i highly recommend taking the train, its by far the best scenery i've seen from a train in a very very long time.
Oh I've seen this one in gun videos before.
So guns aren't the problem
America be like: _The school where you shoot over the classes_
Save or not, the idea itself is absolutely stupid.
Aside from inequality, a big difference from Switzerland to the US is the Swiss have thorough training.  Not a thing in the US
fantastic video.  really demonstrates the practical limitations of firearms and how those limitations can be exploited.
Tom makes the argument of why people in the US enthusiastic about guns who have licenses aren't the cause of the gun problem in the US. And how more guns is the solution.
Hope the Tower bridge curse doesn't strike here!
Tom: 0:00 I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership Also Tom: 3:28 hahahahaha pew pew
Why are humans using the guns? Robots would clearly be far more accurate. A gun is a weapon for killing people - why would you want to be a) a murder and b) a target?
Why am I not surprised that this is in Switzerland...
Lindybeige went there!
Was it "Bloke on the range" (YT) who shot at this shooting range a few years back?
What a nice setting for a range.
Deja vu
That tracking system is so clever.
cool, never thought you would make a video of this place ... that's just around my corner... thx for the video
I was wondering the whole time how you get across the road to retrieve your paper targets! That microphone target system would make an interesting video as well.
America. Take notes
:p
Really liked that last line, no one sensible and unhinged enough who has made it to that rifle range
The intro was great.
No projectiles can get through, it's impossible  DemoRach has entered the chat
switzerland is a high trust, extremely homogenous society. America is the exact oppositie.
British people are absolutely qualified in the politics of gun ownership. In Britain gun ownership is legal with a specific license. Britain has a history of gun ownership with rifle clubs and enthusiasts. What Britain doesn't have is an obsession with guns. Don't fall for the American exceptionalism that tells people that they aren't allowed to discuss topics that are wedge issues in the states. Everyone in the world is just as qualified as an American to know if kids should be able to buy bullets at the supermarket or if a grenade launcher should be considered a conventional firearm. Certain Americans just want to dismiss anyone who disagrees with them and will find any feature to do so. Being from a different country is a regular go to for them. If you are from the city and they are from the country then you couldn't possibly understand their need for an artillery because you don't have to deal with wild boars. If you are from the country and they are from the city then you couldn't possibly understand their need for a concealed handgun because you don't know the risk of city crime. It's all BS and we should ignore it. People from other countries should be free to discuss guns and frankly the evidence suggests that America can and has learnt from the different perspectives on guns around the world.
Oh, lueg au, de Herr Scott isch i de Schwiiz gsi :D
Tom Scott is literally the best YouTuber there is and I can't be persuaded otherwise.
I like how Tom pronounced "Dankeschön" "Dänkeschö(n)".
Tom holding a rifle and having a good aim is kinda surprising while not being surprising at the same time.
I thought I recognized that shooting range. Drove by a few times, never shot there, only at the the shooting range at the zurich airport. Thanks for this video. We really do have a lot of firearms and the necessary respect to handle them properly.
Guess this isn't on a double decker bus route
Listening to someone who speaks german, but a very wired german, or reading english subtitles?
An armed society is a polite society.
Can someone please put movie scenes of bodies getting dragged into the woods into this?
They must not allow sub-sonic ammo.  That trajectory could theoretically go over the concrete wall and fall far enough to hit a car.  Or a very poorly done hand load.  Fingers crossed that declaring it perfectly safe doesn't jinx it.
The cows which live there probably stopped caring about the noise a long time ago
That guy is a spitting image of Will Mellor (Gaz from 2 pints of lager and a packet of crisps)
Ah, the Swiss Arms Classic Green rifle, AKA SIG SG 550 (or variant). Wonder what sort of firearms variety you can get in Switzerland.
if you remove guns from america you still have an unreasonable fraction of the population that wants to kill each other if you add guns to switzerland, i doubt much would happen
That is truly awesome, not all humans are dicks.
When I saw the title I thought "That has to be in Switzerland." Their approach to firing range safety is a bit... anxiety inducing. I saw another one where if you aimed high you were shooting at someone's house that was right above the targets.
An armed society is a polite society
Almost as if _gun control_ works there in Switzerland... hm... but that can't be! The Americans always tell us that gun control means the government just takes your gun away. I'm sure all those gun enthusiasts in Switzerland will feel their government breathing down their necks anytime soon, right? It can't be that americans are just indoctrinated to love maximum possible violence. No! It must be the swiss who just didn't get the memo, yet. They are known to be a little slow... [/s]
Must be nice to have a high trust society.
Imagine invading this country. Bridges rigged to explode, tall mountains, and a population armed to the teeth. It’s no wonder the nazis avoided it they don’t even need military too survive
So those microphones work in EXACTLY the same way as the concrete sound mirrors from RAF Starrship, but on a minute scale. Mind blowing!
Didnt you upload this video before? I have a deja vu.
what if you skim the top of the wall? Wouldn't it deflect it somewhere?
so....is that a Swiss army gun? If so? where are the tweezers and toothpick?
another great video by Tom Scott
All fun and games till a cartoon circus drives through town with a comically tall giraffe poking out the top of the caravan.  But, really, with the way things have been lately it's reassuring to see a place where being sensible just... works.  Great video :)
Well done, thanks for sharing. 😃
What about a very low velocity round fire in an arc? Would that be able to hit a car?
You should look at the english bill of rights 1689.. it clearly states an english man's rights. Those rights have been stolen and called privileges.
Nice!
Sensible laws, sensibly applied by sensible people. All typically Swiss. A major difference between the UK and Switzerland is they treat their adults like adults and expect good behaviour which is reciprocated. Good lesson there.
I live nearby and I have never heard of this, amazing!
Switzerland has achieved great security and safety through the education and practice of firearms for all (most) of their citizens. An armed society is a polite society.
I wonder if,  if you're in car driving on the road past the Brünnlisau range whilst a practice is in session, whether you can hear the bullets zipping past overhead!
The Swiss are a mono-culture of a single race. It makes a difference.
I live like 10km away from that place :D
America: A rifle behind every blade of grass. Switzerland: *Gives every blade of grass a rifle too and shoots over a main road for target practice*
It's a shame a country like this is only one mass shooting away from having it's gun laws revoked by snake leftists and their bleeding heart puppets who will be out in force afterwards. Despite the fact the killer could have used knives, a sledgehammer, car, a truck, fire or anything else to hurt people en masse, yet there is never any talk of banning those things.
You should check out the German city of Munster, Lower Saxony (NOT Münster!). The German army (Bundeswehr) has two military training areas north and south of the city which they use to fire long range artillery over the city. When you're in the city, you can see the projectiles flying over you and hear the distant sound of warfare, very idyllic.
The range setup was awesome and then bam, surprise, we also get a cool lesson on the target sensor system. Is that type of system common or unique to this place?
Nice
This seems familiar. Did FA do a vid on this?
Now you just need someone to drive on the motorway with a big target on a pole and you're set
So the cars driving by just hear tons of gunshots and are unfazed?
Why  did this appear in in YT Recommended.
There is a shooting range in the US that shoots over a road. It's near my hometown and it's decently famous. It's called the Original Pennsylvania 1000 yard benchrest club and has been there since 1967.
This seems like a level in hitman
cool video
Careful in Switzerland Tom! Swiss photography laws put people in maximum security prison for uploading videos to YouTube. No joke…
Meanwhile in Texas, we load up a cooler with beer and the tape deck with screaming rabbits to go boar hunting.
I grew up next to a swiss Schiessstand and we used to go for walks nearby and along it even when they shot.  It’s funny how he’s talking german (and not swiss german) even though it’s subtitled anyways.
What if im transporting my pet giraffe in the back seat of my convertable.
Swiss German is wild. Love it.
Tommy practicing his Battlefield 1942 sniping but IRL. 😀
very cool!!
Bad illegal here in the US
so sensible gun laws and training make firearms ownership safe. who’d have thought it??
Why did I know that it was in Switzerland.
Up next on Tom Scott secretly preparing for the end of the world...
I bet there's a Cheese factory not very far away from that place
As someone that lives in hearing distance of that this seems like something normal.
As soon as i read the title, i knew it was in Switzerland xD
This was very interesting!
Schwiizer 🇨🇭
this feels like the one Lindybeige went to.
" I'm British, I'm not qualified" .🤣🤣🤣 I respect this more than I should
Great chocolate, great beer, and great gun safety. What more could you ask for?
Why do I feel like I’ve seen this video before
Isso é basicamente uma Linha Vermelha / Linha Amarela gourmetizada
what the f***
Schwiiz 🇨🇭
What and why
This is close to my house…I throw eggs at Swiss narcissist targets though(see video for eggzample)
It seemed familiar in the thumbnail. I clicked on it and its in switzerland. im swiss
They should get rid of the wall if people on the road are OK with it. It makes the drive more exciting.
This is an insane fire range and it’s go cool thanks for the vid tom
The feeling when you see a Target 18 wheeler going down the highway
Tom shooting a gun feels wrong, like an elementary school teacher pulling out a Glock while saying "todays lesson will be different, folks."
Swiss soldiers keeping their guns at home is a relic of WW2. Essentially, the Swiss army can fully mobilize within minutes
Huh, who knew that mandatory firearm safety courses help prevent shootings.  /s
Survival rate drops to 0 on a long enough time line.
The Swiss are just so cool.
how much practice before tom can become a licenced sinper assassin?
There are, or were, shooting ranges in Birmingham pubs, particularly around the BSA (British Small Arms) factory. Some of them required the shooters to fire over the heads of drinkers in the bar.
Welcome back to Switzerland <3
Another example showing guns aren't the problem. People and culture are the problem.
All this is interesting, but I have to ask the obvious question: why not just build the rifle range where you dont have to shoot over a busy highway?
40 minutes ago
I appreciate the instructor making the effort to speak in High German despite clearly being a Swiss-German speaker 😂
TOM SCOTT, TAKE ME AWAY!!
Most of them are Illuminati trained snipers😆
3:09 demolition ranch would like to know your location
Meanwhile in 'Murica.  A "conservative's" baby shower shoots a gun at a colored balloon and sets half the state on fire...
That's actually insanely good marksmanship for someone with no experience and iron sights at that distance. Kudos.
As someone who's against firearm ownership (I'm German) It's not the training we have a problem with. People in schools with firearms are proficient enough to do harm with what they have at least from my point of view.
Bloke on the Range is looking a bit different today....
soooooo Tom Scott and Forgotten Weapons team-up when?
Just don't let Angelina Jolie shoot there.
The Swiss are sensible people it seems.
Its weird how law abiding civilians dont hurt other people with their guns :)
< the measuring system is more impressive than the range as such >
Die Schweizer sind ANDERS!
Can you hit that little path that runs in front of the targets or is that also out of sight?
As someone who doesn’t see untrained gunners shoot a gun often I really wanted more shoulder hurting moments in this video. Great video nevertheless!
here in Brazil there are many of this place, these places are bridges, cities and rivers, including inside public places, but it is more casual and more people are hitted
I love to hear Swiss German  (although as other ppl pointed out this guy was speaking standard German)
This gave me the thought of what if the US made a licence for a firearm manditory, but it was disguised as a military budget increase because the military was put in charge of training everyone who wants a weapon for their licence
I guess this proves how America can fix their “gun problem”. I’m also glad my small country gets a video from you, thanks Tom.  From St. Moritz, GR (Graubünden), Switzerland
Switzerland also has a very low rate of one other factor. A factor that, if removed from the US, would put our gun injury rate on par with many European countries that allow gun ownership.
I can't stop thinking... what if a double decker bus goes by? Is it all of the sudden in danger? Do you get extra points for it?
What if....the gun malfunctions and the bullet doesn't come out at the velocity its supposed to...and loops over the wall...and hits someone......ahhh it'll never happen. Great video!
So what happens if you get a bullet without a full powder load?
Well... it's safe until it isn't.  Take Germany for example. Shootings are also rare here, especially school shootings. But of all the few cases of school shootins that happened in the last 30 years, ALL of them were carried out by people who were either members of a gun club like this themselves, or one of their parents were.
I thought you have covered this before.
…..2.4 million firearms is Switzerland? Sooooo like…the number of guns in Iowa, then? ‘Murica
I keep getting amazed at how Switzerland manages to pull off a responsible firearms ownership policy in a way few other nations conceivably, for various cultural reasons, could.
Even america isnt qualified to talk about it bloody prats
Ok. Isn't it technically possible for a bullet to barely hit the top of the wall and completely change trajectory? Also, couldn't a faulty bullet don't be fast enough and go back down earlier than expected?
I knew it just from the thumbnail! As a child I was often driving by as my grand-parents live in the area. I was always fascinated by it.
this place is very cool
I'm not surprised they've had no incidents. Rule following runs deep in Swiss culture.
how is this allowed ?
I have a conspiracy theory that Tom is slowly becoming an American
Best thing is that we don't use any scooes for 300 meters. Look at that Amerika
Just because I'm a contrarian, couldn't a bullet theoretically skim the top of the wall and thereby create enough friction to drop its path down onto the road? Not very likely, but in the immortal words from Dumb and Dumber, 'You're telling me there's a chance?'
ever work in america
This is crazy
I find the third knot in Tom's hoodie to be oddly annoying. I just can't look away.
Magnifying Glass! That`s what I will call Scope from now on
I wouldn't shoot at this range for a thousand dollars. I just dont trust it. what if some idiot tries to scale that wall while you're firing, you cant see them until their head pops up and by then it's too late.
The difference between Switzerland and the US with gun safety is that every gun owner in Switzerland has been properly trained, while in the US everyone can get one
So like imagine how many gun related killings would be lessened across the world if people we're given a real understanding and respect for them instead of antagonizing their use and making them seem like evil murder machines
When I finish this video: I got Switzerland
I'm sorry, the what where you WHAT?!
Culture is everything. In the USA, many people feel that guns are their _right_. Where most other countries feel that guns are a _responsibility_.
That would not work in the United States... Americans would say don't tell me what to do this is 'merica we're free to kill... indiscriminately
Its all fun and games till someone starts practising their 360 no scope.
Well, it doesn't matter how many guns per capita you have BUT who owns these guns.
Im germany its very similar. Sadly the Gun Sport isnt as popular here though
You have a better chance of dying in a highway accident than you do in a firearms accident
what about ricochets?
Next thing you know tom is launching thermo nuclear missiles across roads with proper safety precautions of course
I saw a video about this before, and now I'm rewatching it since Tom made a video for it :]
What about ricochet ?
But why is it over a road? Sure its safe, but why?
If I would drive on that road and hear a gunshot, not knowing that there is an actual shooting range, I would be really scared.
Imagine that as a school in USA. 😎
I feel like I remember this from an old Top Gear episode... Is that right? Or was that a different shooting range at some motoring thing?
I come from Germany and understand Tom better than the person from Switzerland...
Wait, wasn't Switzerland the neutral pacifist country?
20 yrs incident free ! Quite amazing
this is just an excuse for Tom to write his shooting trip off from taxes.
So wait...this involves firearms, looks incredibly dangerous, but it's not in the US?!?!?
Ayo my favorite person on the internet posted
Welcome to Switzerland Tom :D There are many places with similar installations, like the street is behind the targets with limiters left right and top; overshooting hiker paths; or the hiking path through the target area is just closed with a rope and a red white flag. And for the ones who are wondering, yes similar priciples are applied during "battle shootings", allowing to shoot past or overshoot friendly troops. Kinda important in Swiss hilly terrain.
Never clickbait
"I don't want to get into the politics of gun ownership... I'm British, I'm not even qualified"  😂  You stepped over that bump quickly and efficiently with humor to get straight into the topic at hand!
I'm way more intrigued by the way they calculate your hits than the fact they are shooting over a road 😅 And about the gun laws in Switzerland. I think it's a unicorn-kinda thing. Noone knows why it works, but it does. I personally assume it's got something to do with the relatively high standard of living and the Swiss mentality.
Meanwhile in the US... The military is lobbing 155mm shells and 227mm rockets over busy roads and houses....
Well great, now I want to move to Switzerland, American gun culture is awful.
There's one in the UK where the sand dunes form a natural back stop. Behind them is a public beach and the danger area starts at about half a mile out to sea.
epic
32 minutes ago
Is this a reupload or am I having major deja vu from a different video....? This is really strange, I feel like I've seen this years ago.
What if i aim downwards?
I would like to point out that there has been several incidents where licensed and known gun owners gone terrorist. Not for a stupid single pot shot at a hard-to-hit high speed object though while at gun range though…  The Utøya killer was a licensed owner and an active member in a shooting club for example.
Technically there IS a trajectory that could hit cars on the road, but you'd have to shoot almost straight up and it would be "indirect fire'.
Tom, love your content. Keep it up, you're a true inspiration, and educator. I hope I can meet you some day!
Lets just hope the Swiss don't start using double-decker busses
It took me an embarrassingly long time to realise the dude was speaking German! I could understand it, but the accent was so different to what I was used to where I now live in Northern Germany that I simply didn't notice it was German.
I drive over that road regularly, and honestly often thought: who thought that up xD But to be fair, there aren't a lot of flat areas around that place, unless you drive up the mountains :p
Wow, that dude is trying really hard to not go hardcore schwitzerdütsch.
Wooo hooo
It'd be nice if all the people that are so terrified of guns could just be educated about them and realize they aren't evil.
Lack of safety goggles is strange to me though. They're required at every range I've ever been to in the USA
Wow, that Swiss german is something else!
Lorries carrying explosives are not permitted.
There is a shooting range even crazier where you shoot over some industrial buildings near the Pilatus Flugzeugwerke. If a plane from Pilatus wants to cross to take off or after landing a horn would sound and you have to stop shooting if you dont want to hit the tail.
Thank you for this video!  While I respect that you're not interested in there being debate over the politics of guns; it is very much appreciated that you're still willing to show off an interesting shooting range, while showing how safe it truly is.  You've made a video about guns with absolutely no controversy, and I love it.
"Only two incidents"
Just a little correction: at about 1:57 the subtitles say Schutzwaffen, which would mean things like kevlar vests and helmets, while the guy says Schusswaffen, which are firearms :)
That's a way fancier system than the one I used in edinburgh we would take turns being in the bunker with hand signs on big sticks that you pointed to the target at the spot where the bullet hit very loud in there
I am a native German and it is easier to me to read the english subtitles than to understand the swiss dialect
Tom, how did your score of 56 out of 100 compare to what is needed for Swiss shooters to be licensed?
I love precision shooting but there's only one range within an hours drive and I can't do it there, too small and with no way to really set up for precision shooting.
Nice
tom shooting a gun reminds me of lindy shooting a gun
What a crazy thought that 'gun owners' follow rules and are not synonymous with criminals. Also that ownership of assault rifles does not predict one's propensity to violence.
engineering FTW
What if a very tall truck or crane was being moved on that road
Im begining to think that handguns are the most dangerous. because you cant really fire a rifle in close range, and to fire a rifle at range at someone you really need to be calm enough to realize how dumb it would be. Or else you would be able to hit him or use the gun... Or maybe im wrong idk
This is awesome!
Nice vid but it's always annoying to me as a Swiss when people talk about the number of guns in Switzerland but don't mention that most people don't have ammunition at home. That is the main reason why guns aren't a problem here.
woah w
The drone shots in this video were very well done. The sped up footage made it feel like we were travelling along with a bullet.
Amazing content Tom!
Well it's all fun and games until it ricochets off passing pigeon......
Liberty is messy.
What if a bullet is defective, such as the projectile has some deformity or the powder load in the bullet isn't sufficient enough?
Thanks Tom really enjoy watching your videos..
God do i love switserland
I am more curious about the noise. The bullets aren't a threat, but I can imagine a driver getting scared shitless by sudden rifle fire and loosing concentration.  Or does the range largely nullify that?
He’s the filmmaker version of kurgesegast
I can bend bullets.
.. one needs to be surprised by the gun firing so don't let your brain try to guess how close it is, tom is bracing for the firing , , Tom could do video on how rifle bullets go thru cars and small pistol bullets go  thru usually showing hiding behind cars is sorta stupid except the engine block and tire rims, ,.
As someone from northern Germany: Thanks for the subtitles 😅
:-0
1:29 Im so Austrian that I understood Ski Sportverband instead of Schieß Sportverband
What if you hit a bird tho? Couldn't the carcass potentially be directed onto a car, causing the driver to swerve and cause an accident?
USA: Gun ownership in our country is a sensitive subject, but we do have an amendment for it. Switzerland: KEEP YOUR RIFLE BY YOUR SIDE
You're just using this channel as an excuse to fill out a bucket list, huh?
Ammo is under strict control in Europe. That's the *little* difference with the US.
The Swiss, not just Skiing, banking and Toblerone……..
They also have mandatory national service where you are trained in gun use and proper gun safety laws.
As it turns out, requiring gun owners to know how to handle guns makes guns safer. Who would've thought.
It's "Schusswaffen" , like "fire weapons" :D
Got to love Switzerland! I also love his Swiss German accent - I did a level German and I can barely understand it (I suppose it must sound like strong Glaswegian to someone from say, Berlin!)
wish you had also worn eye protection.
If Switzerland has high gun ownership, but no corresponding high-level of gun-related deaths, then that blows a massive hole through the claim that gun ownership is related to gun violence.
While watching the cavers and potholers from a cafe balcony, Tom can now enjoy a nice coffee after a few hours on the range.
Isn't this the range that LindyBeige shot at a few years ago?
Haha. Super illegal in Canada to shoot near a road of any sort. With such a deep accuracy based firearm culture, I guess it's not too bad? I still prefer a more controlled environment. What if there's some issue with manufacturing of the round you fired…
Compulsory gun training. Take notes, America.
I guess the only protection is missing is something that can stop people from firing while standing up
And then there are people who would have chosen military service over civil service, but are refused for medical reasons...
Seems legit.  What could possibly go wrong?
Meanwhile, back where I'm from, the local arms manufacturer fires artillery over E18.  Välkommen till Karlskoga!
This is surprisingly close. You can hit cars if you stand?! I expected that you'd just not be able to see the road at all. Cool. Has an extra novelty quality about it
Still, why?!?
Honestly, I thought they're gonna wait until no car was in sight and then shoot
Wow 25 minutes ago! Hope all is well with you Tom!
That range would likely not be safe for any firearm other than a high-powered, high-velocity cartridge.
TIL that Tom is good at aiming
This is actually so smart. Physics prevents bullets from hitting cars on the road. Aslong people aren't stupid enough to fire while standing.
The irony being, in terms of politics, the reason gun ownership is so successful *and* safe in Switzerland is *because* it's well regulated 😉
Being half german myself, it still boggles me how many countries in central EU all share the same language but different enough to be a different language
3:23  Mmm cover all 9000 taste buds aerate it Warm it up Grab it up That topgum That cream Pure vanilla  Sweetness  Mmm That’s a ten :D
In the U.S. there is always a school surrounding the shooting range
They should also support mortar training
I don’t know why, but seeing Tom holding a rifle awakened a particular feeling in me
Tom Scott can make a wall entertaining
I lived for a year in Vilters in Switzerland, a small village. Same situation with the shooting range, but because it is a village and the road is quiet, there is no wall to protect the road when shooting at the target.
Just remember: Back in the 1950s, Americans owned only 350,000 guns per million people. Today, that number has tripled. Three guesses what happened in the 1960s that caused that run on gun stores these past 60 years.
Doesn’t Switzerland have more guns per person than any other country in the world?
I was expecting the chap or the Bloke on the range
well when the world falls to ruin, tom now has the skills to be a raider
This wouldn't be legal in the United States, but this is a cool range. I'm curious if I could rent a gun and shoot as a tourist.
Everyone gangsta till you sit in a tall double-decker bus
Llos
"Oops, I missed!" (Explosion)
After a decidedly unbased video on pronouns you come out with this based video on firearms, hard to pin you down Tom
Woah, Swiss German is unintelligible.
based Tom Scott?
They say there is no way for a projectile to hit the road, but I'd still be concerned about an underpowered round having a round enough arc to get down there. But that could be just me being paranoid.
Not letting any old yahoo have a gun just because they want one result in safe use of guns? Who would have thought?
140 soldiers, that's the entire swiss army
Also a huge point is: Swiss have their weapons at home but most of them don't have any ammunition for it. So the comparison with the US, where you can buy ammo at Walmart, is even more difficult just based on gun ownership.
I saw the thumbnail and thought: Switzerland 🇨🇭, where I live
yeat at 1:58 the dude definitely says Schusswaffen and not schutzwaffen.  welcome to a swiss accent.
+
.. by me is shotgun only range which shoots at 1km big chemical tanks, but the shot falls within 300m , but it's scary to see a structure w workers and shoot at it and nothing happens
I wonder if the cows get freaked out by this or if they're just so used to it by now.
do more videos on things you wouldnt think are Safe but absolutely are
Extra difficulty
Shooting guns, drinking coffee, who is this new and dangerous tom
4:37 And this is why punishing legal gun owners by banning guns they already own makes no sense.
Knew about if from "This range is genuinely 100% safe otherwise it could never have been built"  video.
Ho ho ho Tom Scott doing a video about a gun range and shooting an sg 550, this feels like a very unexpected crossover between two entirely unrelated spaces of YouTube I frequent. Not complaining one bit though.
In British schools (I can't speak for other nations) unintuitivly the fewest number of hospitalisations occur in science labs. Risks only remain dangers if you don't mitigae for them through careful planning and meticulous application of the rules.
As someone who has shot in Swiss ranges before I can confirm they know what they're doing over there. Lots of guns. Lots of gun safety. Great attitude towards having fun target shooting.
America has an extremely low rate of people being hurt by guns too, you just have to stop counting "used a gun to commit suicide" as gun violence as that's 76% of it. As for the overwhelming majority of the rest, that's gangs with illegal firearms.
i wanna go try this
So in order to get the swiss citizenship you need to live at least twelve years in switzerland... Dunno kinda seems worth it
Good shooting there Tom
If I knew that this is interesting, I would have called you too ^^ There's the exact same thing in my town in Ennetbürgen Switzerland. The shooting range is also in an airport which means the shooting has to be interrupted while planes taxi to and from runway.
An armed society is a polite society.  Everyone should be armed. The problem come when criminals are better armed than citizens. Switzerland has a great system.
In America there are a lot of unhinged people who would do what you said.
Bruh
So Cool Love your show
hey this should be in  "amazing places"
Some really cool ranges in the world
Am I crazy or has Tom already made a video on this?
All fun and games until the Double-decker bus goes by...
No matter what Tom uploads there can be nothing better than his "This video has __ views" video! JUST INCREDIBLE! 🔥✅
That would never be allowed in america haha not over any highway or road
What about bad cartridges? They could hit the road
I would suck at this because my poor eyesight wouldn’t allow me to see the target.
Tom "the Virgin" Scott
Everyone misses the urban/rural divide. Gun crime is 95% an urban issue. Cities with MILLIONS of people packed in just dont work and people harm each other. Guns in the rural world are tools and hobby, no drive by shooting, no (very very small) armed robbery and nobody doing crazy crap at ranges or gun shows or any other place with armed bystanders. Don't confuse high gun crime with legally owned USA firearms, thats the same logic as blaiming an innocent soccer mom for the actions of a drunk driver or road rager
what if the bullet ricochets off the concrete wall's top layer, it could potentially hit a car oO
Not quite over a road, but there's a shooting range in Scotland where there's a public path runs along the back of the firing points and then along side for a little bit before turning away. The path is still open when the range is in use. There's also a small road that go straight along towards the targets instead of turning away. Only indication that the range is in use, a few flying red flags (and of course the sound of gun fire). And yes, walkers do get confused between the public paths that turn away and the small road and ends up walking straight into danger of being shot!
I guessed before I started it where it was. Why was it obvious, you aren't in the US? Oh yea, people there wouldn't trust others shooting with guns over them while driving etc
I'm pretty sure I've seen a similar range on YouTube,  except the road was in a valley instead of having a reinforced wall.  I think it was also in Switzerland.  But I could be mistaken, and it may have been this same range, as it has been quite a while since I saw that other video.
At my school (In the UK) we had a shooting range that crossed a country lane, but we didn't have anything like this. We just had to put people at both sides to radio up if anyone came through and then we'd have to wait for them to pass
Very interesting, but I would probably skip their local double decker open top bus tours!
Nice shooting!
Reminder to all Americans who think Switzerland is a beacon of responsible gun ownership: ammunition for these firearms can ONLY be purchased at ranges, must be used on site, and cannot be taken home. You cannot draw comparisons between Swiss gun ownership and American gun ownership, they are two entirely different things.
we...do a little trolling over here!
It's safe for the to use real guns since only videogames make people violent.
Yeah we have hundreds of thousands of gun clubs like this one all over the US, we just allocate enough space so we don't have to fire over a populated area.
Last week there were 2 murders with guns in Switzerland
yEh you wouldn't wanna curv a bullet like in dat one movie
Next Video: Joining the military of Qatar
They do this, and america still has children shooting up schools... proper training does have a big impact on safety
These procedures are pretty much the same as any range I've been to in the US.  I don't like the vertical concrete stop for ricochets, but maybe there's some attenuation in front of the concrete that I didn't see.  I absolutely love the digital reporting.  Pretty cool system.
160 people in a club is really not bad.
When Tom visits the place you grew up... what a time to be alive! Thank you.
You don't want to get into the politics of guns? Everywhere isn't America. Just because Americans can't be sensible doesn't mean you have to apologise for liking (or not liking) guns.
I feel sorry for the washing machines they're shooting at.
OMG gun ownership............. lame
Tom is just training to be an international spy/ hitman
I could see a bullet accidentally hitting a bird flying over the road and the bird hitting a car, but thats not going to do much damage.
What do you mean by "politics of gun ownership"?  I didn't know God given Human Rights were subject to politics.
I don't think that people firing guns at shooting ranges in a rural area is particularly politically charged.  The politics come into it when certain groups of people in a certain country believe that it is an inalienable right to be permitted to have sufficient weapons to arm a small nation within their homes in an urban area, without ever being asked a single question about it.
The “Top Golf” of Switzerland
Bloke on the range did a video about this, that's where i know it from.
Always glad to watch your videos, Tom. Keep up the great work!
As a Dutchman fluent in English and knowing German to some extent, I never realized that Swiss German is actually very understandable to me. The sentence structure and words are all so close to either three languages, it becomes a matter of knowing which one to choose in order to aid my understanding. Not something I expected to take away from this great video.
Wait, so no shooting up an old car whilst drinking beer and waving a flag?
"In 20 years we haven't experienced an incident" reminds me of Steve Coogan's "In 1989, no one died.  In 1990, no one died.  (etc.)"  Cool though.
This was an amazing episode Tom. Really interesting. Thanks for all that you do!
Why do I have deja vu. Haven't I seen this video before years ago?
I like how tom is just constantly yelling when he has those ear phones on
I know it’s safe but every driver must have a heart attack when they drive by
Isnt the entirety of Switzerland two hours away from Zürich
Didn't you upload a video on this place before in the past? Or am I crazy.
The only controversial thing in this video is that women are exempt from compulsory military service, that's not fair in this day and age at all.
I'm from Switzerland but didn't know about that shooting range, very interesting; thank's Tom.
Take notes americans
Whoever approved this should be shot
So that’s why Switzerland is neutral.
Fantastic - still no motorsports in Switzerland yet. (Though Dominique Aegerter won the World Supersports Championship - the second Swiss to win it in three years. Randy Krummenacher won it in 2019).
The fire road right underneath the targets is more concerning, isn't it? When it comes to ricochets and such? They probably thought about that as well, just curious.
knowing that although its safe, if i were to drive there with a car i would speed up just a little bit more
America: We have alot of guns and alot of peopke hurt by guns
why am I watching this it’s 11pm
Saw a video about this year's ago really interesting
(Potentially) holy cow! There are cows in the field in front of the range. I don't think I'd have the guts to fire with both the livestock and the people going about, no matter how safe I'm assured it is as I'm borderline paranoid about gun safety.
Can we just acknowledge what a beautiful place Switzerland is. I'm so envious.
Amazing how the microphones measure where the bullet hit!
4:51 they're all ended up in america, duh
I knew it was about Switzerland. PS for the rifle after the army you can keep it but not the munitions
Switzerland is so peaceful and hassle-free place in the world that it seems unlikely to be real
Han no kein schwizerdütsche Kommentar gseh bis jetzt, aber ich behäbe de Fähler dademit emal 😉.
I see, Tom is trying to get big in merica.
As always blown away with the simplicity and my captured interest. Bravo 👏
If america didn’t have certain demographics or figured out a way for them to be less violent we wouldn’t have many gun deaths and more than half of all guns deaths are suicides
I am also pretty sure that if you were to check how many people are carrying a loaded firearm in public in a Swiss town you would only find a few policemen.
What about the noise though? Do passerby drivers just have to have ear protectors to prevent damage or is it Fine™?
In America, we glorify war, have a high gun ownership rate, and have a lot of gun violence.  Switzerland is known for staying out of wars, has high a gun ownership rate, and have little to no gun violence.
its insane that you make such high quality videos on youtube
The problem with guns in America is all the Canadians killing each other in the hood.
As a former member of shooting club using old biathlon rifles I can relate a lot to this. Although we used to have pick up all the spent cartridges. We used (if I remember correctly) 0.22 caliber ammunition from a distance of 50 meters.
Dang I was hoping to see bloke on the range
Was shooting there already. Great place!
This video has a correction: the subtitles should say "Schusswaffen [firearms]" not "Schutzwaffen [defensive weapons]". My transcriber and translator was German, but not Swiss German, so it's an understandable mistake! There's unfortunately no way to fix that in-video, but hopefully it still makes sense.
Still seems like an unnecessary risk.
I could have sworn Tom already made a video on this range. Must have been a different channel.
Why at 1:55 _Schutzwaffen_ is kept in the caption/subtitle and translated at the same time?
what rifle was Tom using?
Even though I don't speak German, I can understand why Germans might have issues understanding what they're saying sometimes.  Quite like in the same sense as any English speaker trying to understand an Irish person with a heavy accent.
Oh boy, that is a nice and thick swiss accent
It seems very strange that the National Rifle Association in the US does not want you to have to be a member of a rifle association to own guns.   Until you realize that the NRA is being paid by the gun industry to sell weapons through fear-mongering. Then it makes sense.
Can we try this out with a PAK 40?
Breaking the rules will Always get you kicked out.
The NRA called, they want this video in their next fundraiser.
Why does the Swiss guy sound so... Dutch?
Finally!  A red arrow in a thumbnail I can get behind!
3:09 sad m1 abrams noises
As a 2A absolutist, I appreciate your candor when you said you aren't qualified to discuss the intricacies and political nature of gun ownership. This video is strictly informative, and I think its great that you just present the audience objective videography. Thank you Tom
"Switzerland is one of the safest country." *But...this one is an exception.*
The Swiss are probably more financially literate than about guns!
I know for a fact that at the end there, his British ancestors looking down upon him
When a country is so civilized, they can afford to have nice things and play with them.
Any shooting range can have you shoot over a busy road, if you just aim poorly enough
Me as an American gun owner and enjoyer of shooting ranges: "Wait they put a gun range over the highway?! HOW IS THAT SAFE?"  As a note, I admire Swiss's gun safety culture a lot. But I never thought they'd one up America with a display of firearm admiration and safety. Truly awesome. And frankly logical. I just can't imagine an equivalent range being permitted in the US. Too many people would protest it even if the design is safe as the Swiss have demonstrated.
Me: feels bored on yt Tom Scott:Hold my video
I saw the video title and BAM instantly knew this must me Switzerland, bunch of silly fuckers with their guns hahahha
Why does swiss really sound like dutch german
That targeting system is super cool! Love that old school display.  I fear I would be that one person who hits a bird by chance and causes an accident… my only real fear with this being directly over a highway.
Tom: This is my rifle, this is my gun.  (touches crouch)
SUS
Just in time for a new Tom Scott video!
Fun fact: You can do this anywhere in the world if you have a high enough disregard for safety and local laws.
thanks to this video i can finally string of logic tom to ian from forgotten weapons ha.
and there just wasn't somewhere they could have put it that didn't overshoot the road?  Or did the road come later?
Only in the US... eh... Switzerland.
naice
Tom shooting is just as strange as him vaping, he's growing up so fast
Well this is quite cool
I sell guns at a retail store in America. I sometimes tell people about this place. They look at me as if I made it up
It's almost as if it's not a political issue and more a cultural one (the number of guns/capita in Switzerland parallels the US, but they have far fewer gun violence incidents/capita than here)
As a long time fan of yours, and an resident of this area, I would have liked to invite you to a cheese fondue. Or are you still here?
America watches in disbelieve.
This is really cool
When you show "Schutzwaffen" at 2:00 this is not correct. The term used is "Schusswaffen", German for firearms. That sentence hat nothing to do with defense ;)
So my phone cut it off to "firing over a bus..." Turns out it was kind of correct...
okay toms gonna star a new channel on how I became a legal hitman
Hello tom
Really nice to see you visiting Switzerland to talk about our culture!
Guns = freedom
Not sure they'll be making shooting ranges like this in the US anytime soon though....
But what about tall cars
Very interesting! Good find!
I mean the question is not whether it's safe to shoot at a club, it's about what Americans do with their guns at home.
Even if its totally safe, it still seems entirely unnecessary, like there's no doubt in anyone's mind that it would be even safer if they just didn't put it over a freeway  Edit: if the safety of the place hinges on "we'll be very careful," and there's no reason to even have it like this, then why do it.  I'm willing to hear out a reason why this has to be this way, but none was provided in the video, and it seems more than plausible that they could have just built somewhere else
That's what we need. Buy a rifle you need to receive training for that rifle.
One question. Why?
Guy: “30cm thick wall, nothing can go though it”  Russians: “hold my tank”
British say they believe in Sir Isaac Newton. Swiss put their money where their mouth is when it comes to Sir Isaac.
the human brain is  super advanced and complex¨ -the human brain
So it's a shooting school
What, no Bloke on the range, or even the Chap!
now thats something I might not have known!
wish i had a range like that
1:58 it's not Schutzwaffen it's Schusswaffen (so not defensive weapons but just firearms)
Speaks to us in German, speaks to Tom in English 🤔
I highly appreciate your intro!!! Great episode as always!
Switzerland always seemed like a more American germany to me…
Tom shooting a rifle looked like something out of a dream. Feels like I'm going to wake up tomorrow and not be sure if this was a video or not
*Loads MG with tracer rounds *
This takes over the sky literally.
interesting
*funny joke that got a lot of likes*    Edit: OMG thank you for 69420 likes!1!!11!
My biggest flex is that I can actually understand the dude without subtitles
most american non american place
I guess nobody there ever heard of a ricochet??
Reupload?
Grass
Woohoo hi from French speaking Switzerland very pleased to see this opening my app! 😋
You are a legend.
They actually have this in America too, but instead of "over" it's "at"
Эт я вовремя
Tom Scott and Jesus posted a video at the same time
difference in responsibility.
Big red arrow in thumbmail is appropriate for once. edit: I meant on YouTube in general, I assume Tom's arrows are always appropriate.
89th woo!
Sharing this one!
Yo
Gun go bang bang 🙂
Noice
i think i saw Bloke On The Range shoot here
108th probably
Tom Scott holding a gun is an image I don't want to ever see.  Edit: I saw that image
Guns made so many country’s it’s not even a discussion nor debate. It’s crazy people want their rights taken away 😂
Check out *Bloke on the Range* for more info on this range and video of it in use.
The US could learn a few lesson from Switzerland about gun use...
Shooting at a shooting range? Weak. I shoot wherever I want  in video games. 😂
How are you
Yo Humans
Americans when the new gun range has no space anywhere else in the city
The Swiss are just a different breed of cool.
Who knew the American Dream would be alive and well in Switzerland?
was not expecting that highway whatsoever
thanks for breaking up a boring video
Damn slow phone loading times,in 5 seconds late!
I thought that was every shooting range tho....
Only in America!…. Wait
Deja vu: I feel like you've uploaded this video before, I must be mixing something up, but happy to learn about it again
G U N S
Didn't you already do this video? Or was that someone else?
37th
BANG BANG BANG
England should have guns in the way they do only military/ military trained people
Next video: The road where you could get shot.
This is odd.
the only good part about mondays
Let's go
That's What We Call an "American Dream"
tom sbot
Cool
Gotta love Tom for keeping a completely neutral stance on all of his videos.
hier!
Hi tom
its 4 am how am i here
23rd
Wassup bro
Yo
YES!
Yeeeeee
based shooting range honestly
Nicce
Hello fellow watchers
Ey
Broo 🔥🔥🤙🏽🤙🏽
How
Perkele
Cool
Tom Scott is a legend
America?
Hi
Nice
Ouh
2
And there's a new video over on the second channel, too! Can James Hoffmann find a coffee that I actually like? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-iNAyu-ejo
