Absolutely love your videos thank you very much
I'm looking forward to you coming back to hermitcraft
Hallo iskall85, I'd like to thank you for gifting me a tier 1 sub to Pete and to show you how much I appreciate it  I'll be attempting to leave this comment on every single one of your videos :)
Pink: Small doses only...
Awesome video!!! 6/14/21 2:00 PM
Jaio
why is he not wearing armor!? He's pulling a Scar!
He should also add water
He should do a roof that looks like a sunset
All of this was a joke the entire plan was to open a pool at the top of pacific
Well it’s been a month, I guess the tree will never get built. The season is ending
Can we all take a moment to see that Iskall has doubled his subs this season.
656 706 view second time watching;)
656,000th view :)
you are from sweden right? it sounds like that and your name is a name is a word in sweden
jesus iskall im sure youre not affected by this but there are people that literally get the chills running through their whole spine when hearing those squeaking sounds
Iskal, make a water floor with walkways on posts like piers
Episodes 99a, b and c will be mega
"Pink concrete is definitely underestimated."  *Stressmonster has entered the chat
I don’t like the pink ceiling
Hey iskall, the pescy bird delivery from grain is still available!
we all need to say f fo gerald the fish...
Iskall: "This is the most impractical shop i have ever done inside of Minecraft."  Me as viewer: "What shop have you designed outside Minecraft that is more impractical than Pacific?"
day 1 of saying iskall I know you wont read this bur I have some ideas for your diamons make I will say 3 now number 1. stop using diamonds in builds you will probably not take it back up its just not worth it 2. dont "invesy" in anything if its a shop not a one time thing and 3. sell diamond ore for one stack for 64 diamond ore for 2 stacks and a half of real diamonds that would work for anything the equation would be ix X = the amount your selling lets say 32 the equation qould be x X 2 + (x divded by 2) = y (I know I was supposed to state y as the wanted varuible in the begining but im bored
you wouldnt  cut down a herbert   fallout 3 players:      (. )   (. )                                             _
He was back.. but not for long
Do you still play Hermitcraft lol.
Rip 😞
Iskall, did you know the colors of your logo on the side of the building don't match up to the colors of the logo's in the lobby? :) You switched up red and orange at the top.
Upload more
Im calling it people: Iskall wont be a part of Hermitcraft season 8
I know his tactic, since he has to finish the tree before ep 100 he is just not gonna upload until it is done
Iskall like 3 months ago: vault hunters is a new project wich wont effect the upload of hermit craft! Als iskall 3 months later: “uploading every month instead of every week“
Someone needs to build a parrot with Grian’s head on it
I like how he was literally just talking into nothing at the beginning when he was trying to talk to mumbo
Iskall..? No Fearskal or ceedskal ifkyk
Man i miss your modpack videos, those were amazing. Just thinking about your intro makes me nostalgic lmao
he swiftly loses a subscriber..
Waiting for Iskall to post more HermitCraft week 3, post anything really....
Seriously ur so pathetic
Iskall: I will uploading more frequently  Everyone after waiting for 3 weeks with no uploads: So that was fricking lie
Iskall quited Hermitcraft?
Iskall: Has an idea Me: Odea
Where are you buddy? We miss you 🥺
a pink return, turned into a blue exit
Where has he gone this time?🙄
What happen to iskall
he should have named the tree mumbo's ability to do redstone
Iskall pls upload again, even if its just a montage of playing on rubber duckies
Next video I return again
A PINK RETURN 3 weeks ago Man, why u keep disappearing
When are you gonna make another video
What ever happened to vault hunters
As consistent as Vsauce
If you gonna quit just say so and don’t leave us waiting
12 year old and me thinking he hasn't uploaded for 3 weeks:IS iSkaLl DeAd
WHEN ARE U UPLOADING
Iskall is dead FYI in case some of y’all didn’t know he got Covid and was struggling for a while and that’s why his upload schedule was rough he passed away last Tuesday. Your channel was so fun and Ill miss you man. 🪦 rest well
Please upload more HERMETCRAFT you have got a great community but they will leave if you have an upload schedule of ones a month.
This guy has died
"a PINK return" he said. Thought it would be more videos, i thought.  Welp, let's wait a week for the next episode, then a month   *Did a twist on " be a father they said. it'll be fun, they said" Also, i don't mean any harm. Iskall can take the time he needs, we can wait  Edit: Halleluja, he's back with another video (ep 80)
Again when will he upload next episode?
we need you back
I’m not saying post something but like you kinda need to post something
my dude needs a schedule 💀
Yeah so that was a lie
Is it just me or has Iskall not been uploading recently
I thought you were back? Now it’s been three weeks again 😢
For anyone wondering Iskall was sick for weeks! That’s why he couldn’t upload or even release VH2.
Why’d you say you’re back when you aren’t even uploading? I thought vault hunters was over.
What did scar do to you
Ah yes , I'm back after taking four breaks all being a month long and now I will be regular   Seems like it , doesn't seem like another month is about to pass  Just to be clear I don't want to be of the idea that MAKE VID!, I would say only make vids when you feel like you can put out quality content but don't lie to us that you're back when you're ganna upload the next vid next month   Hope you get into a good rithem , we will be waiting
Where did he go?
Legend says he is still farming for oak
think the whole group need to start a new season its gotten stale really fast this time just my opinion so dont bother trying to tell me why u think im wrong keyboard warriors
Great return wasn’t it? Lol
Hi
Iskall: I'm back! Aslo Iskall: doesn't upload for weeks after
Iskall be like: Well I uploaded an episode time to take my monthly nap see you guys in a month bye 👋
I was promised leaves
0:05 is this pacific? What about this? Are YOU pacifc? All this and more on today's Hermitcraft
prepare for episodes 99.001 through 99.999 :)
Please make videos more often!
His videos are not coming from so many days
Turd
Hallo
Hallo Dude! :D  (Not that I think that you're gonna be around reading these messages, nor that you would care, but just in case here I am :P )  I hope to see your videos back on youtube soon, but if you're not in the right mindset for it, don't worry :D  We love you anyway, even if you're not in the mood for finishing that stuff :D  (In which case, I'll be super happy to see your amazing videos as soon as Season 8 starts :) )  being overworked after all those hours you put in the server is more than normal! ^_^   Have a good life!
Why are you gone again
Can you help grian in his project of hermitcraft
After he mentioned mumbo and called him strange, a thought, a question popped in my head: Who is the least peculiar hermit?
Where are you?
Pls comeback
to iskall85  would you like to join my bedrock realm ?
why don't you share the tree with VintageBeef ?
Uploaf pwease
"youtu.be/2RwNS-DUkR0" Hermitcraft: Arcade Games!
When’s the next video or hermit craft or vault huntersss????
just wanted to give you a dislike because Hermitcraft is worst than the Dream SMP.
A pink return.  Only he never returned
Iskall come back 😭
Well he ain’t gonna be finishing that tree so I guess no new season of hermit craft; which I’m perfectly ok with cause I like seeing modded
Please keep making hermitcraft videos for at least once a week
If you think about it, the only "contributions" to Beef's base Iskall made were the annoying Johnny Boy and the destruction of the diorite bridge
That pink ceiling will have to go after all, he built it at the wrong height lol
Maybe take out the pink and make the ceiling look like a sunset
“Return”
You need to make a rainbow floor in pacific. Everyone will lose their mind.
And he's gone again. Thanks a lot.
Hermits Helping Hermits!! have them help you make your tree!
Where is hermitcraft?
Iskalls way of saying on the the sever is by not making videos
I love it when my name Gerald is used   Even though there are lots of people with that name
Watching this after watching mumbo prepare to destroy it is hilarious 😂
Please collab with legomasta99
i wonder i if he will ever get back to regular episodes
Please build clouds on the ceilings and waves on the sand it’ll look amazing
Why don't you post vaulthunter videos if you are already streaming it?
MAKE MORE HERMITCRAFT EPISODES
Imagine if mumbo was online and just replied with bad spelling
Is this dude alive in hermitcraft or has been burried inside
Me love iskall85😃😃😃😃😀😀😀😀
hey iskall I was wondering if you could update foolcraft 3 or is there a new one
Homie not even gonna get to 100 episodes
Iskall be like: I'm back  SIKE
2 weeks of no Iskall
Iskall after every hermitcraft episode and then not uploading for an entire month . °=° I needed a BREAK 😂
Hey Iskall, are you ok? Haven't seen you on either youtube, twitch or twitter for the last 12 days...
I really don't get ist iskall keeps saying he is getting a break lol i think this is the Third time. He'll probably quit next season
Pacific's gonna be this season's sahara, takes 3 years to open and makes less than what was put into it
I have returned from a 5 month break from HermitCraft, and I see the tree isnt done. Me: Expectable
Kiribaku
Good one
each window can be a separate delivering section
We love the bold  vault series ❤️ as your fans we get it Minecraft can be draining but we love your comeback and we are happy to see you back in your element iscal ❤️ and go back to your purple sunset and the whole room can be a sunset 😍🥴
A nugget of Wisdom, if I may bestow to Iskall himself... (Like this comment so Iskall may see it)  "Hard work, in of itself, has its own reward, with the only downside of it being both time & effort. To truly recognize effort is to see the aftermath of its resolution & reflect upon it, while truly recognizing time is to see it as nothing more than an illusion; an unneeded hinderance to the effort you put forward to overcome the obstacles ahead. To call work 'efficiency' is to disgrace the ones who put Quality over Quantity, & to overlook the ones who lack Study & Teachings to 'properly qualify for their professions.' To truly recognize work is to find empathy in those who try their hardest; their best, & give their absolute all to succeed." -James Eastham  I try my best to live by this quote to this day, no matter what kind of work I have to do, what disabilities hinder me, or what kind of time constraint I have. Whatever I do, I always give it my all, no matter the challenge, the time, the effort, or the scale. If I do it, I will only do it by my time, my expectations, & my process, to ensure quality & expectation.  Everyone's gonna try & rush you Iskall, you know it, I know it, even those who liked this post probably know it. Don't let their expectations keep you from delivering quality content, because despite what all these people in the comments section say, you have your choices; your decisions to make.  If you wanna build a tree, you build that tree. You wanna complete all the minecraft achievements, you go ahead & do that. Don't let the comments decide your flow. You go on, & make the content of a lifetime. I'm all for it!
You should contribute some to 3 Fox Hole by building an acorn house somewhere there, one that has been taken from your tree.
Add frame like design to the windows representating items available for sale in the Pacific
Beautiful way  HermitCraft
You've gotta remoove the scafolfing blocks in pacific! It looks ugly and annoys me soo much. U r a great youtuber!!
whos going to tell him the back of mombos devices need the back to go all the way down to the bottom XD
Man a whole week later and this guy still hasn’t gave us updates, almost as laggy as the server with all those sheep’s from the mycelium resistance
And he is gone again
Hey
iskall and grian should do a hermit challenge where they compete to see who can finish their base first, iskall with his tree and grian with the back of his mansion
Hallo Iskall my old friend, Please start posting regularly again, Because the leaves they are a breezin' They need a canopy sometime this season. And yes vault hunters was real cool, This is true... But Hermitcraft echoes the sound of your silence.  And the Hermits bowed and prayed, IskallMAN save the day...  ok im done
Iskall your treehouse puts my to shame
when hes continuing like this he wont even reach 100 episodes so technaly he cant break his promise to finish his tree in 100
wader slime
i would feel more like a beach if u add water on top of the light blue concrete
By the way Iskall, going through some kingdomcraft rewatches.   Horses have a light coat of hair, like dogs. They're not hippos.  :D
Hermitcraft is ded
Iskall and Mumbo: *build Pacific skyscraper* Mobs: It's free real estate!
u should make a copy of your tree when its complete and then burn it in a creative world
GradeAunderA: disappears for 9 months Me: meh Iskall85:  disappears for a month Me: Where is he!!!!
Where have you bin
The centrepiece is the shop lmao
Imagine how good pacific would be if mumbo and iskall acctualy would work together
Gerald was allways so generous. F
Pacific  is more of a free mob farm than a investing, modern vacation to the Hawaiian beaches, Redstone business
You know what would be awesome. Go with the simple "hole in the floor, water at bottom" for getting back to the lower floors of pacific.  It's a diving board elevator
who ever hurts a Herbert is a MONSTER!!!!!!!!
Bro you stumbled on my 4upage and you bring back so many memories because I used to be a super fan
You could mould a wave around the giant impractical mumbo contraption... I think that would look cool!
Iskall r u streaming any time soon. I need stream time and singskall
Wadzee for hermit craft s8
Peskybird: "SaAaAAnD"
This is the best tree in the history of the world.
The man says he returned yet we are waiting another 2 weeks for him to post
Iskall, Mumbos machine isn’t finished it was going to expand backwards more. Might want to remove the floor behind the machine.
Lol iskalls floor idea just destroyed mombo idea
19:20 HMMMMMMMMMM
Ngl I thought u died
Pacific- Better with Cyan Should be your motto
He is back and already gone... cool...
It's nowhere near being a chöp
12:30 could’ve been bad 😬😬
Just the fact that my fathers name is Gerald.... RIP And my grandfathers name is Herbert.... WHY???
Hermitcraft season 8 iskall mumbo and grian create a shop called Grand Canyon
Pacific is like a “more profitable “ sahara
Beef: makes a huge library, bedroom, etc for iskall iskall: makes Tommy boy for beef
Specific item in the barge:*is out of stock* Hermits going to get the item themselves: Guess this is my life now
My favorite thing about this, is how iskal and mumbo are constantly breaking each others stuff.
I got unsubscribed for some reason only found out thanks to mumbo saying your name in a vid
X. Sells sand in his rock shop I believe? I may be wrong
When the title is like that you know the video is gonna be AMAZING
What dare did this man loose to have to change his name to BiG tOe MaNnY?
III love how hE is oN episode 79 and ren is only oN ep 37
17:34 BEEFskal awwwww 😍😍😍😍🥺🥺🥺🥺
I miss vault hunters updates...
F for Gerald.
Honestly, I saw Vault Hunters as a way to squeeze more donations out of the viewers. That mod pack is literally designed to pique viewers gambling tendencies and frankly I think it's a giant scam.
What is his upload schedule!!!!!????
You forgot about basil
It’s easier to use tnt to collect sand :P
i’be been waiting a month for this......
The first floor looks sick bro but it’d look better being layered w different styles yk, bottom floor ocean themed then top floor be the beach
iskall in the aquarium reminded me of that scene from nemo
iskall, why don't You light up the nooks and crannies? that way no need to fear the mean greens :D  Also, I love the pink ceiling - it looks like a sunset - especially with the sun-evator!
Lol chain
You hermits should make a falling block duplicator it would save you ages for concrete and sand
gah their working without figuring out what the other is doing drives me batty
Hermits helping Hermits? Maybe???
For the back of the machine can you put some pride flags for lgbtqia+? its okay if you dont I just thinki itll look really cool
Iskall ur content is lacking man.... u just put in two floors this whole episode. U got a million subs.... keep working hard man.
how about putting clouds in the ceiling (as chandeliers maybe)?
Great so see ur back iskall
RIP Gerald
I hate the end rods on the floors of pacific. I think iskall should replace that end rods with tiki torches.
Why dont they build together like they did for sahara? There would be no confusion
get grian on the pacific crew
I'm kinda worried iskall broke the redstone o~o
We missed u
Those are the shopping modules, you pay downstairs (deposit your coins).
G8 video dude, I'd use the cyan concrete to do a shadow palm tree in the ceilings of the Pacific tower
Welcome back Iskall.
Iskall be spacing out Hermitcraft videos so Episode 100 will be further and he has more tims to work on the Omega Tree (of doom). (but seriously, i'm so happy Iskall's back, i forgot to watch it right after the release though, sorry)
We not gonna talk about that villager noise?
Part of me thinks that he hasn't uploaded in so long because he wanted to get his tree back, so he could finish it in time.
15:58 iskall takes three rockets just to kill one skeleton
Good to see you again. I like the design of Pacifics floors. Maybe do a sunrise/ sunset color fade for the ceilings?
Pink? More like light red lol
Sahara 2.0
Iskall come back!!!!!!!
For the “ocean” around the beach in the first floor, why don’t you just straight up put water in the spot where it’s supposed to be ocean
It's so annoyingly weird how minecraft shadows work. How is there shadows on the ceiling!!
nice
Those big redstone thing is the shop, payment is down at the lobby. Definitely need to talk to mumbo :)
excuse me..... are those  birch leaves on the OMEGA THREE?
As etho says, why aren't you using tnt to collect sand?!?!?!
You could have made the sealing a sunset and just remove the sand into cyan glass so it looks like water and a bridge
pesky government spy drone
do every iskall fan know about (t.b.t.f)
I was wondering, is iskall ever gonna make the island for pacific bigger?
literally finish ur base u non its been like 8 months just place a bunch of leaves
Thought you would type Fitz-gerald xD
I FOUND Pacific IN MONTANA   😂🤣 its a metal company
Iskall, why not ask the other Hermits for help on Hermits Help Hermits on Monday?
If youre done with it (if you will) i think  billboards will do good
1:35 mumsbo hast learneds the way ofs the Taconian language
Missed a great opportunity to say "leaf me be" for the palm trees
Your logo is sort of ironic.  It screams south Florida, which is in the Caribbean or Atlantic.  Also, the chance that Pacific turns a profit at any point seems...small.  For sure, Mumbo is going to want to sell redstone gadgets, and I'm guessing that will go as well as Odea.  It's not even clear how you'll end up attempting to make money.  As a bank?  As a store?  As a spectacle?  It's unclear, but you're making a cool building, which is the real point, I guess.  So good work!  Also, your interior choice is excellent.  I don't mean that in any way ironically.  I think it looks beautiful and different.
Stress would be so proud
What if all hermit build the tree like Ren,s base
10:36 Oracle wants to know your location
Welcome back Iskall!
Welcome back dude😁
The blocks that you put next to the observers at 4:15 I think will stop the other observers being pushed in front of them which I think is a redstone clock which will break it if it’s a redstone clock which I think it is.
Iskall: "Bernie, I'm home! You can wipe your tears now" Bernie: 😬
*RIP Fish (2021-2021)*
Iskall names everything gerald doesnt he
Stickale? Stale would be better
Iskall, who happens to be talking to literally no one: are you okay?
Plot twist: Iskall was not on the server for a month so he doesn’t proceed with much episodes to delay getting to episode 100 as he needs to finish the omega tree before then
watching you is so nostalgic i’m glad that you’ve grown so much recently :P I was watching you way back when you had barely any subs lol and i’m glad that i’m the 4-5 years i’ve been watching you’ve been able to achieve so much without loosing the elements that make your videos great.
You ripped beef
Yo let's GOOOOOOOOOO can't believe he's back
Why didnt this reach me?
First we have DauT castle and now we get DauT sign?
i've loved vault hunters <3 it's nice to have you back on hc, but watching your streams in the morning was so fun!
It hurts seeing the sunset in the the new floor but iscal built it in front of the horizon/water not behind the water
Would be really cool if each floor was a beach scene, but at different times of the day. A.K.A floor 1 is dawn, floor 2 early morning, floor 3 midday, floor 4 dusk, floor 5 night. The "sky" from the previous floor will be covered by the "beach" of the next floor, so you could add clouds and stuff in the sky without it looking weird on the next floor. Then the elevator coverings wouldn't look out of place too with sunrise and sunset around them. Make it foggy on the early morning floor. Lots of possibilities.
Maybe you could help Beef out with his base anyway? Like a group project?
Why tf did I not get notified
Helping hermits!!!
6:47   you're welcome.
It feels kinda weird that this channel- the thing he's most known for is an afterthought nowadays- like you didn't even bother giving us those twitch highlights like at the begining, even though they have also been late to the party. All those hermitcraft episodes felt weird also- if you feel burnt out just tell us man, we would understand. But by giving us some half-baked content you make a lot of people wanna stop watching your vids, so my advise to you is- make up your mind. Before it is too late
You need to check the “main entrance” on the floor. He did a lil something something there
bout time
That moment when u go to sleep and start watching iskall's video:... "Hallooo,.. "... and ur already smiling :')
I thought the red stone was suppose to be ‘seen’ by customers but covers it up anyway.... hmm
The back off the redstone needs to bee clear for the items to drop down :( Good News you only need half off the concrete :)
I was in Linkzzey's stream when you raided him I have been watching you for a while and didn't expect it I was like OH MY GOD
Iskall needs to place water in the blue spots on the floors!
how am I 4 days late
You should make the sealing of pacific a night sky
Baby yoda name is grogu
Burnstick walk way would be perfect
next HHH should be in iskall's canopy lmao
solution to the canopy problem, just don't post an episode 100
I was expecting at least a 40 minute episode since it has been over a month but it seems like iskall doesn't care
Imagine Mumbo comes in and everything’s destroyed cause of the decorations
{Comment Deleted}
You can just use saplings and bonemeal them to spawn free leaves
He just ruined mumbos red stone nooo
You should ask the other hermits to help you placing leaves at the omega tree in a stream!
I felt so sad when he press the TaB bar and there was nobody online, its like Hermitcraft is dead....
I think umbrelas made of end rods and carpets shuld look like we are on a beach Ps my english is that nab so i think i'm mumbo's brother 😊
'es back innit
Maybe hermits helping hermits can help you finish your canopy. Dressed as arboreal animals of course
hermits help hermits streams would help with tree
sAAaaaAaaaaAAAAAAaaAAAAAaaaaaaand?!?!?!?!
Blue tainted glass instead of water
I'll be honest, I thought this had somethink to do with APINK from kpop, and never clicked so fast HAHAHAHA
19:19 AAHHHH
This reminds me, where did the Sahara diamonds go?
Who’s going to tel him how the shop works.....
Vintage made your base so much nicer and all you did to his is a statue just because you were playing other stuff.. and you enjoyed base swap when you even havent been on HC?? .. sure..
Iskall, I had an idea you may like. The pink felt sort of like a sunset, which was perfect for that room. What if you did a blue or cyan ceiling for one of the rooms and used staggered glowstone to simulate stars? I'm sure you could make a beautiful build with a starry night themed ceiling!
Why why why i didn’t get it as notifacation so i only saw it now that you have uploaded
you should do a pro minecrafter where they said they did some off screen mineing, "hallo i did some off screen tree-ing"
I hope parts are going to be more frequent again. Not cuz I'm impatient, but cuz it feels like the season is ending q.q
Maybe you can use sandstone slabs on the edges between sand and the "water" (the blue concrete)
"These are not houses Mr.Skellington"
You should consider putting water inside pacific on the same level as the sand to give it that beach feel.. I also think some waterfalls could really add to the aesthetic too since not every window needs to be a viewing platform
I thought you were dead
That Scene where he got stuck was like the scene in finding Nemo where he carries the pebble through the filter in the  fish tank
You should name the second floor the stress floor
Look gideon iskall !!!!!
Those are shopping modules
U could make window displays
If you had plans to do something in Three Fox Hole, just offer Beef to do it still.  I'm sure he'd be happy to have an Iskall build in there.
Iskall!  Beef traded back again with Stickskall at the end of his episode.  Meaning stickskall just gave you a fake deed.
Look at mumbos ep
FINALY
Plot Twist: Iskall didnt make any hermitcraft episodes until he had his base back to make sure he finishes it before episode 100
Put coloured glass if your trying to make water
ADDD WOTOR AT DA BEECH
ADDD WOTOR AT DA BEECH
Hermits helping hermits could assist you in placing the leaves.  You could put the branches in and then they can help you knock it out
the place where you got out of the aquarium is the pacificoin dispenser mumbo made a few episodes ago, its blocked off by a bone block
HALLO Iskall i brought some stickers and they havent arrived yet :'{
ISKALL IS BACK
great now you have 21 ep's left to complete the server
Want something specific , go to pacific were it is empty inside
I can't wait till iskall gets a full explanation of the banking system and shopping cart redstone, I feel like he will absolutely love its genius
Idk, it still not completed yet the pink floor. But the feel is remembering me with the Pink Beach from one of the Backyardigans episode
"Helping Hermits" should hep you with the leaves
Lmao. Did Iskall know that those massive things in the middle *IS* the shop
Sooooooooooooo boring duh 😒
Yayy welcome back iskall! 😁 I missed you
Iskall fyi the thing mumbo made IS the shop
Will back of Grians Mansion or the Pacific be done first?
I'm gonna put this on all 3 of their newest videos... what happened to recreating Sahara in hermitcraft season 7?
For pacific you should make clouds in the air to light up the ceiling more
Pro tip. You don't need to finish the omega tree. Just end the season on episode 99.
The things on the floors are not for pament
everyone knows about pesky bird im so happy grian joined he know how to add fun and shenanigans
It looks like you said f Gerald, rather the. Giving and for for respect for Gerald
did the hermits beat vault hunters?
I wonder if you could involve Hermits Helping Hermits into the construction of the canopy?
hey Iskall! I'm pretty sure the two observers were meant for an observer clock, so if the system were to be used, your floor would be ruined.
19:21 villager
So glad you’re back iskallman
You should add clouds to the ceiling that actually are a new layer of white. Maybe even some low ones just below the ceilings
Iskall collecting sand like a sucker
Iskall is like a family friendly version of Cyanide
Heres an idea for interior design for pacific Make the bottom layer look like deep ocean and the higher you go water gets more shallow and the top layer had that hawaiian beach vibe  If you like the idea like the comment so he sees it :D
I think you made the pink ceiling 1 block too high.
Episode 99: 1 hour timelapse of iskall finally working on the Omega Tree.
It’s about time!
Idea for the windows- in some of them you could put the items you are selling, and some of them could be see-through for the redstone bits
„Pink cant be a that big seller...“ - buys a chest full of pink concrete
Pacific isn’t specific.
Do we have to wait another month for an episode???? Really hope not, I need my iskall fix
iscalls next episode: so i did some leaf placing off camera. intire canapy is done
Shopping module
38 diamonds per floor
Why on earth did the algorithm hide this from me???
Fill the gaps between the sand and like the walls with water
ISKALL YOUR MUSIC IS GONE YOUR VIDEOS HAVE NO EMOTION PLS ADD MUSIC BACK  ELSKAR DEG
You need to both stop building Pacific until you both know how it will work.. Or you could just each others videos...
Mining sand without TNT? What a sucker
You could make the palm trees a lot taller because you have a really high ceiling. Also welcome back!
Do each door in the colors of you sunset logo
Mr wader slime
Reminder of the new Hermicraft weekly event of Hermits help Hermit, you could get some help in one of those
1 month iskall... Why :-(
iskall the thing in the middle IS the shop
Fairly disappointed in the base swap. Seemed pretty lopsided, like you gave beef a serious "short stick" when you received all this benefit. It had potential to be amusing and fun and beef did his part, but did jot seem to. Hopefully he's fine with it and we can expect better collaboration in the future.
In my texture pack creepers make :D ( https://zigzagpack.com/java-edition/ )
iskall the chests are for things you sell
You can make the lighting to be something like tiki torches to match the theme of beach
Yay! Iski is back!!
Please upload vault hunters on YouTube
S6: Sahara S7: Pacific S8: Mojave? S9: Atlantic?
Iskall: I want pacific to be the barge, but it sells *EVERYTHING!* Also Iskall: **buys sand from the barge**
11:20 I liked the funky purple
The hermits should do a "hermits help hermits" day to work on iskall's canopy
ISKAL issue you placed some light blue concrete on some observers and will be pushed down by pistons
Wow!
For interior how about melons and few Armor stand around it with one stick holding it!!
Stampycat should join hermit craft change my mind
19:20 hrrmm?
That interior for pasific is amazing. That's the coolest idea
iskall basically just broke all of mumbo's work
it stresses me out how like half the hermits have little to no armor.
Yeet
make a slide from the top floor down and make stairs all the way up so they have to walk all the way up to leave and can slide down kinda like irl ikea
19:20 I think the sound was placed wrong
19:20 Really scared me there!
This is getting REALLY corny. I guess 450,000 viewers would disagree.
I wonder if Hermits help Hermits could help with your tree canopy...
So good to see him finally after these many days!!!
Our moustached friend is clearly not okay after that peaceful safe house video
Put parrots in pasific
Now is wish I could go to my local swimming pool:(
19:20 Is nobody gonna talk about that random villager sound
dose he not know the big thing is the shopping module?
I think there's some confusion of terms there at the end. "Single handedly" means you are the only person working on the project. I think the term you were looking for though is "single mindedly." Single mindedly means the project is the only thing on your mind or the only thing occupying your time and efforts.
Those are shopping mouldules
You built the pink floor one block too low😭
Welcome back to HermitCraft! <3 Can't wait to see what beautiful and entertaining things you will once again bring to the server! :)
Damm u sound SO SWEDISH
hey Iskall, you should have all the stories of Pacific diffrent stages of the day first floor sunrise second floor mid day third floor sunset fourth floor night
He is back!
Glad to have you back!!
All rejoice for the return of Iskall! \o/
19:20 am i only one who heard villager sound
I know that Pacific co. is a *redstone powered* shop, and my suggestion might not mix— or rather, would mix too well— but maybe add a water feature where you just dug out the sand on the floors, instead of JUST the light blue concrete.
Dear Iskall 85, Hammocks!
MY EYES!
anyone hear the delayed villager sound after iskall spoke to benny.
He hasnt uploaded in a month i was starting to get bored by the other youtubers
I'm so sad.  Mumbo is going to have to remove more decoration to continue.
Gerald... -f for the white wolf
5:18 there is a diamond block in the shulker box
U just could make normal video till episode 99 and then just work a month on ur tree so that its finisht at episode 100😉😂🐗🐗🐗🐗🐗🐗🐗🐗
Concrete mega blaster = lame Konkreat mega blasta of dooom = doooom Mumbo spelling + of doom = everything better
i will reccomend u iskall85 to remove the blocks u put in front of the observers.. The contraption will break and Mumbo Will Be ANGRY>>>...
Paaaaaa sssiii *fic*
19:20
Where have you been iskall, we mised you
You know it would be nice to get the explanation before you go on a brake instead of month later.  I know people can find out where you have been from other sources but YouTube is still your main gateway to people.
11:30 the sun design (and overall "fake" beach feel) kinda reminds me of the corporate artstyles everyone likes picking on, which works great hahaha
I didn’t get recommended this video for 2 days :(
iskallman, i dont know if this would work but leave some of the top floors open except for balconies going around the outside, so it feels open and huge.
I think a wooden beachhut with a strawroof would be omega around the redstone thing in the middle of the room.
HHH. Hermits Helping Hermits. Place leaves as a group, just get the branches in the place so they know what to do. I believe!
He should b the next recipient of the hermits help hermits. They made easy work out of rens valley I’m sure if he got some more branches up they could put leaves in like pros.
The thing in the middle is the shopping :)
excuse me??? i got the vid on my main page TODAY!!! That is 2 days to late! YouTube fix your app! and most importantly: HELLO!
day 1 of asking Iskall to get himself at least full diamond armor set if net netherite sicne he has like 7k diamonds but not even one full diamond armor set (or hes not wearing it)
Great to see you back Iskall ❤️
Tfue fullbright
Should have just used cut sandstone 😅😩
Hey, you should try palm tree design that Keralis is using in his town. They look gorgeous and it would bring some verticality to this awesome build.  Welcome back
Love the design for pacific
Hey does anyone remember at the end of season 6 didn’t the Sahara Bois put 5 diamond blocks in reserve for season 7
Hi Iskall add some boats in the ocean around your island inside the shop.
Long time no seeeeeeeeeee 😔😖
Every one tell iskall to put houses on the tree like a tree house
A great man once said "if you don't collect sand with tnt, YOU'RE A SUCKER"
1 HHH stream requested for iskall
Wader slime :)
I predict episode 100 will take about 2 months because he then builds all of the tree
Will there be more vault hunters videos?
It is a shopping module
oh no... mumbo i'll have to destroy it again, like trees.
So either iskall will be making 20 episodes of canopy building or he'll just take a month long break on episode 99 and make then entire tree in one episode
The link layer is a layer below where it's supposed to be at
ISKALL IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!
Bro I’ve been waiting so long for this episode that I’m watching it in school
finally another hermitcraft video
Liked for pink concrete.
I hate the pink iskall
Wader slime👍🏻🤌🏻
I have a solution for windows.  You can make normal window then behind glass you can put custom maps. (I think it'll be fun)
Join wattels in hermitcraft
Never leave us again 🥺
The upstairs is where all the stuff you buy is in the downstairs is where the cash register is
Pacific's interior is beautiful!!! Not cursed.
Iskald du kan bruke vindu/glass som vann
pink goes amazingly with lighter blues, it's my favourite combination of colours
I think you should light up the roofs of pacific
19:20 villager be like: HMMMMM
Can u invite grian to Pacific so it would be like Sahara 2.0
Grian making a multi-million dollar company- “small raft” (makes him richest on the server) Iskall and Mumbo doing the same- “this is expensive, and an time consuming, and complicated, etc.” (has yet to provide any profit)
pink floor is 1 block to low
Iskall don’t be a sucker Collect sand by using tnt All the Bdubs are doing it
Thank god he posted a video, I was assuminge left youtube.
Iskalls content is going downhilllllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiii........
Man I really wish Pacific was built in Aqua Town
I love your videos!
rip pacific item system with how iskall put floor where the items would fall down
You should put some watermelons on those palm trees
So i he is not dead so should i delete all the things i posted like r.i.p iskal and some other stuff
It be cool to have glass over the sand with space between for turtles 🐢
IskallMAN!! It’s so nice to see you back on the Hermitcraft server. But... Vault Hunters was addictive and fun to watch. You and the original Vault Hunters were amazing 🤩. Thank you for creating it!
Iskal!!! TNT shop = easy sand!!!!
LOL iskall that device you were talking about that Mumbo made is where you put the items you're going to sell
Iskall do END ROD UMBRELLAS
How come every time iskall try’s to make a creeper  farm it never works  But then when he try’s to make ONE BUILDING without any creepers that’s all he gets lol
Most Hermits during HCBBS: Try to add their unique improvements to the other base before swapping back. Iskall during HCBBS: Build a useless eyesore in beef's yard and disappear for a month before coming back and working on his shop.  Not trying to hate but I'm seriously not impressed. The swap is why I started watching Iskall and I was excited to see what he would do with 3FH with his talents, but he just whined, tore up some diorite, and peaced out so beef could add his unique and colorful take on interiors. Beef put so much into Iskall's base and got basically nothing in return.
6:03 the way he said chaos LOL!!!
I would think this title would be from iskall
Iskall sometimes you need to press buttons and see what things do when you don't know what they do
I laughed a bit too hard at mr Wader Slime.... 😂🤣😂🤣
Iskall see’s sign: did mumbo do this?!  Mumbo: literally said that weeks ago
its pacifically pacific
"The name is Bond, James Bond.:  "The name is Slime, Wader Slime."
IDEA: for every floor, make the roof a different color, then when the hermits buy stuff you can make an option for coupon codes, and the coupon codes could be the color of the roof with maybe a twist or something!
And here we have the man who hates diorite with a passion embracing Peptobismol of all colours. Ghods save us all. ;)
Iskall will just play vault hunters 2 for a few months at episode 99
The season will be done before Pacific is done
Love the new pacific interior!
It looks beautiful
The quickest 21 minutes of my life
Y haven’t u posted in a while?
Team Magenta!
I needed a break from hermitcraft  Welsknight 2.0
19:21 feels really good *villager noise* to have...
The tree canopy could use a HHH stream... if they can build giant lava rivers they can help put leaves on branches
Iskal and Mumbo need to talk because the giant machine on each floor is the shopping system.
I was coll if the selling was like the sky wiht clauds an birds
RIP Grianfish
4:16 yes u will ruin thing's iskall
Collecting sand like a peasant... Etho would be ashamed
I am almost certain that VintageBeef would not mind if you built some stuff over at 3 Fox Hole with him.
Any one hear the village at 19:20
Youtube, this is VERY mean, that you recommended this 2 hole days after he uploaded
im sure this is one of about 398459238475 saying this, but the thing mumbo built is the bit where you buy items
If the season ends before episode 100, you're free!
Long time no see iskall
my gerbils name is herbert!
Make the lightning on shape of umprellas using end Rods and carpets
HALLO Iskall! I’m glad you’re back making Hermitcraft videos. I didn’t catch any of your Vault Hunters streams and was hoping that you would make more videos  with highlights? No worries if not, I understand how hard it is to edit all that footage. Glad you’re back. :)
Everybody say hi to Herbert.
Light blue looks like sky
I think he didn’t realize his diamond pile is missing!
For more tropical fish, go to aque town’s fish shop.
-Joint project on Hermitcraft -Neither hermit communicates with the other -Mumbo builds redstone stuff -Mumbo doesn't tell Iskall how they work -Iskall builds floors and ceilings that block the redstone from functioning as intended -Neither hermit notices that this has happened -Iskall gets trapped in the pacificoin delivery system --a system that no longer works because of the ceiling Iskall built, but neither he or mumbo has realized that yet -Iskall blames mumbo for building a 'deathtrap' -Those of us in the comments laugh at your misfortune  Moral of the story: COMMUNICATE BEFORE EITHER OF YOU BUILD STUFF!
Episode 99: 4:26:34
“Where do we sell things” looks directly at the place he sells things
I would break up the pink with some red and orange. Make it more of a sunset
This ep actually hurt me with pacific and Iskall  not understanding mumbo's redstone.
birch walkway not on top of the sand maybe
5:18 did anyone else see a random diamond ore in that shulker box?
Welcome back, you've been missed
I really hope you actually do something for beef
Hermits helping hermits strams
Definitely remove the blocks in front of the observers or the machines won't work
Is it just me or did Iskall just wait it out and make as little episodes as possible so that he could get his tree done by episode 100?
Iskall: I must finish the tree before episode 100 Iskall in four months: Welcome to episode 99.3887!
I'm glad iskall feels bad he didnt do anything really at Beefs base, kind of a jerk move to work on his tree after swapping
The thing in the middle of every floor is a shopping module.
You can tell that he probably will leave HC at the end of the season to focus on Vault Hunter. He’s subtlety preparing us. Can’t blame him if he does, but hoping he stays.
“Hope this doesn’t break it.” Iskall.  Never tests if it does before doing the entire thing.
Pacific...    Cyan
Give the pesky bride a cookie for keeping you company while collecting sand     🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫
Palm treeeeees!🌴
Payment banking system is In lobby, the machine on the floor you designed  contains stock and when you take an item from the chest you press the button  the amount for the stock is removed from your bank account
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates♦️
“It’s like the bird is mocking me”  One could say it’s a...... Mockingbird
Hey iskall! I know you want to repay beef, but instead of helping him build stuff you know what would make him absolutely happy!?  Buy his eternal sunshine!!!!
Build advertisement on windows and advertise other shops for money or only show Pacifics prices. Mumbo can make a machine that changes accordingly to the stock prices.
Its been a while
I love the pacific project
“Creepers has been blowin up” 3:15
Random Etho Reference ... USE TNT TO FARM SAND :)  Have a nice day ^^  And dont forget to like the video
Maybe try stained glass for ocean look on the beach floor
you should do tikis to decorate the beach/shop areaS
It literally hurts how little Iskall remembers about pacific, I just hope mumbo can get back to making videos so that they can sort this right out
You should put water around the "island" in the room you made in Pacific,
You can ask mumbo to build a eorking sun and moon as interior
Been a while since I last watched iskall's content, the new editting is great.
shit vid
10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made with meat?  2. No one is listening until you make a mistake. 3. Give me ambiguity or give me something else. 4. We have enough youth. How about a fountain of "Smart"? 5. He who laughs last thinks slowest. 6. As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools. 7. Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot. 8. National Atheist's Day April 1st. 9. Always go to other people's funerals, or they won't go to yours. 10. Few women admit their age; few men act it.   Editorial:Probably  the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die  anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This  is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have  you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever  looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already  with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to  these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying,  thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten  Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or  guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not  God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son  to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that,  while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the  dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who  confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do  that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a  wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God  will never let you down.
Iskall is just gunna go absent occasionally so that the season ends before episode 100 so he doesn’t have to do the canopy
Iskall if you need help with your tree placing you can always suggest it for hermits helping hermits streams
I missed you master of doom :)
19:20
The f
crush: i like pink  me: 14:35
You should play a game called generation zero it is a game on Sweden in the 90s and I feel like you would like it you don't have to make a game on it if you don't like it
most likely episode 100 will take 5 weeks and in that time his excuse will be " i was on holiday" and then he just carrys on normally with his tree FULLY finished
is it me or does the palm tree logo look like a mermaid?
Pacific is beautiful and I love it!
is it just me or did it look like the server was really laggy?
Make the pink merge with the sunset elevator and have clouds that hide lighting sources
Iskall85, I think the birch path that you made would look a lot better if you put it not on the sand but in the layer of the sand so it is half block lower than sand. Now it looks a bit weird to be honest. Like a timber thrown on the beach by the ocean
I don't like sand. It's all coarse, and rough, and irritating. And it gets everywhere.
0:24 Idk why but I loved seeing that. Also, The slime can't get out because you were smart and used barrier blocks.
How dare yt not show me this on the second it relesd
Me: hey Iskall has a new video!  My brother: WHAA I thought he was dead!
why dont you upload wall hunter too youtube?
Place the leaves
8:56 Grian is almost like Odin, but instead of ravens he commands pesky birds.
Cosibahsh subscribing
Oh iskall. Never trust ripple delete.
On Season 8, I want to see Iskall & Mumbo team up from day 1 to make an awesome redstone shop in the shopping district as the first thing.
SaaAaAaAnD?!
Sure is frustrating when Iskall decides not to listen to or communicate with Mumbo and breaks literally all of his Redstone shopping systems...
I’m sorry but I think pacific will be a failure it just looks like the barge with extra steps and squeeckis(I have absolutely-378,69420 idea on how to right that)
lol watch pacific be as successful as odea
I guess Mumbo has been licking the building for too long...
What happen  to sahare with grain
Only 21 episodes left to finish the tree bro
Herbert?... HER- HERBERT? HE KILLED CLUB PENGUIN, CUT HIM DOOOOOOOOWN!
Just watch his video! The redstone mechanism he built is not the payment system, it's the shop mechanism. The chests will be blocked off when the user has no Pacificoins.
I think Iskall needs to see Etho's video on how to effectively mine sand, b/c he's doing it the hard way.  https://youtu.be/1LL5D0gGpWM?t=1197
i think you should do one of those hermit helps things with the top of your tree i would really enjoy that
The delayed villager noise tho
Happy leafing!
F
The Return of the King
Welcome back Iskall! We've missed you :D
Smooth sandstone might look better than the birch slabs
19:19 that random villager hum XD
What is up with the pink? First Impulse gets his hair done pink and he starts to like it, and now Iskall is using it, and put it in the title of his vid!
stressmonster would approve
What about a good deed that's an entire episode for beef?
Saaaaaaand
Iskall: Pink concrete is underrated Pink Impulse: 🥺
“You wouldn’t cute down a Herbert”  Me: isn’t that the name of the bad Polar bear form club penguin?
You can have a sunrise gradient with the glass colours in the window as it goes up
he blocked the observers from being pushed when he put in the light blue floor
You can use stairs at the top and bottom of the tank to keep the water in then remove the glass to make it more clear
bruh fawk you getting off hermitecraft cause you couldn’t get your base back while beef was improving your base you didn’t do nothin to his selfish ass
You could do blue glass where the 'water' is to keep the whole floor level
The Diamond from the Center are gone LOL
19:20 why do i hear villager?
there's a new weekly event on the server "Hermits helping hermits" last time Ren got a lot of lava rivers filled in his base so maybe leaves in your next?
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you!  Never give up on your life!
Were wer u bro
How to fix this ugly room? Cyan.
@iskall85 You’re on Spotify!!!! https://open.spotify.com/track/5xvoxWokMw4XFnTRUuPi3C?si=Z2b4TpQoSQSwNsdQVgsogg
pacific suggestion: TIKI TORCH
Welcome back Iskall, hope you are feeling inspired for lots more HC. Love the content and your builds.
he forgot basel :"""(
the tree looks a lot like the very big tree from avatar the last airbender and  the leggend of korra in the swamp
the "center peice" is the shopping module
You've been a bit of a bitch to beef
When you finish pacific, add glass in the windows
Seems like Iskall discovered some new editing toys
U r not funny 😐
HE PROTECC HE ATTACC BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY HE BACC
Glad to have you back :')
For the ceiling you could make it look like a sunset
Remember saaand from season 6 Sahara?  R the architecks coming buck?
Haha that villager sound went a bit crooked
Omega return!!!!!!
"it's been 84 years"
Sadly his content has become mainly hello and boring.. Still not impressed he basically ripped stuff out of Beefs build and never did anything else.
Gg
make floors same color as logo... and order
Nice to see you back, and Pacific taking shape. Are you going to reintroduce the minecart shopping cart system or was that too impractical
There acualy IS stock at the upper floor, if I ain't mistakeing
Welcome back!
Iskall building the tree is most definitely going to kill mumbos base lol
I think you should help VintageBeef to build his mansion
i totally missed this yesterday Holy crap Iskall is back
Good to have you back
At least Stress is gonna be happy 😂
19:21 you missplaced the sound lol
"this is a desert" hmm sahara any1?
Idea: when you finish the canopy, it will be difficult to fly into the tree. You should build a giant birdhouse (one if the ones with the hole) with out a floor so you can fly in through the hole and the floor as well as fly out through the birdhouse. It would also reduce the amount of leaves you would have to place.
next hermits help hermits?
We missed youuuuu
on the ocean contrast put water
Bro, It's been a month. Are you well?
iskall........... the redstone bits in the middle of the floors are literally the shops..................
I actually, genuinely, in real life,facepalmed every time iskall talked about the shopping modules
.
You can use smooth sand
Its spelt Wooder not Wader
Iskall loses one block for everytime he stops placing them??
Hallo
I’m glad your back to hermit craft!
And here I was thinking Mumbo was the numpty of the pair.
Lol I thought when he was said my names is he was gonna do Hello my name is hello my name is slim tree
For pacific use glass along with sand for floor so it looks like islands and bodies of water because of the light blue concrete underneath the glass
omega tree is back!!!!
Welcome back!!!
Have it like every floor is a different bit of the ocean as layers, like you would have the ocean floor then going up to the deep sea with lots of small lights and go up from there
I am getting 90's Taco Bell vibes from the Pacific Colors he just chose
Put light blue glass for the water on the beach floor. I think it would look good.
Oooh I missed that laugh Welcome back iskallman!!
Does the corner of the elevator entrance look weird?
PESKY BIRD
Did iskall get stuck on a roof again?
Bring down the birch walkways one block
Hello, no, wait HALLO, you're back!!!!! yayyyyyyyy
Use your tareforming  card From scar! The island is somehow holding the skyscraper.
If Iskall puts stairs, it should go out the window and in the window of the next floor
i love how hermits will complain all day about mobs, but never actually just light the areas up. Too easy? or maybe some super secret Hermitcraft rule?
Where is Vault Hunters???         JK XD
Iskall, I think you need to leave the middle back free from blocks as they fall in the water below
hanging bridges???
21 episodes to finish the omega tree let's go!
If you look at the logo of pacific you can see the background colour are cyan then light blue then pink tehn brown and red and orange. The first three floors are also cyan then light blue then pink... coincidence? I DONT THINK SO.
add mini aquariums in the windows
My eyes!!!!!
Welcome Back
Pacific would be so much better in aquatown
I love Pacific, the theme is great, the use of vibrant colors is amazing, and I wish more people would go "out there" like this on big builds
the lighting shluld be hidden under beach towel carpets
*Hey, to you reading* .. you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Finally i can stop sending him death threats
Damn, didn’t realize how much I missed your videos
What the heck was that? 19:21
Don't you worry about the pink scieling! It will lure in at least one customer! (*stress monster sounds*)
Is anyone else getting the feeling that they're getting ready to end the season
Ayee
...... you took over the space meant for Mumbo’s redstone ......
hey
You should make an OMEGA water slide all the way from the roof of pacific to the rest of the shopping district!?!?
Welcome back, try out using glass blocks to represent water on the first upper floor of Pacific. That way you can still walk on it.
This was a good episode however.  Just cuse youre a youtuber dont mean you cant watch other hermits.  I finde it frustrateing that most hermits dont watch each other.  I understand not wanting to spoil a suprise but you could of easliy chated or watched mumbos vid on the mashine in pasific.  Also why do none of you light up youre builds it not a pecefule sever.  For all thats holy fix this problum or better yet put none spawnavle blocks in youre builds.  If neather of those get fixed cese building it embarising seeing hermits that played for years and forget the most basic aspect of building in a none pecefule server.  Regardless i am enjoying youre content.  Welcome back to hermit craft.  Have a good day!!!  /)(\  #BrodcastYoureself
You can put lighting underneath the birch slabs —light goes through and there is room. Also, you could hang a chandelier from the ceiling.
Hey Iskall! I’ve heard that lightning up your builds helps with lowering the mob spawns! No need to thank me!
Please do a hermit challenges for mumble to do an episode in an American accent
Welcome back!
This is the most important post you’ll ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward ( Romans 10:9 ).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Surrender your life to him now while you can, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... And as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 );  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
Just get the branches done and ask the HHH to help out leaving.
The man has returned!
Pacific is a collaborative project. And by collaborative, I mean that two people work on it, despite the fact that neither ever has any idea what the other is doing.
I legit clicked on this thinking some hero made a minecraft A-pink kpop comeback teaser remake. Can't say I'm disappointed exactly though since the world looks sick.
You should add some pink to your giant tree since it’s now spring! (If only azalea trees we’re out now)
Instead of just sand floor for the floors, you should do sand and blue glass, so it looks like islands in an ocean!
OMG WELCOME BACK WE MISSED YOU
I really enjoyed this video. So I hit the like button.
make each floor a different Pacific Theme; 1)Sunset Beach 2) Tiki?  3) Military Ruins? 4) Sailor Jerry?
General Kenobi
Iskal, the back of the chest is where the items fall putting the floor broke it
That thing is the shelving for stock
Did you ever do the face imprint for the hedge games champion?
You could always just place glass blocks in the gaps between the windows to stop spawning
Since you did the setting sun why not do a sunset ceiling that fades through different colors so it gives more context to the sun??  Love the vids and glad you are back!
Put in a sun on the beach level!!!
Iskall, for the sand you forgot: #SHOPATSAHARA
Next HHH stream: hermits placing leaves for hours
Glad your back iskal
#j
so is Pacific a boy or a girl? with those walls and ceilings, it looks like your getting ready for a gender reveal party. LMAO
I love the interior. It looks great and very thematic.
You should drop the paths down to the bottom half of the sand blocks so they are in the sand.
Glad you’re back
Hermits help hermits should do iskall tree
Grian has definitely sent out pesky birds without telling anyone to tell others on the server to ‘buy from our barge’
So glad to see you back on the server!!
This is gonna become an infinite loop Iskall and Mumbo Start Massive shop and don't finish it in time to make any sales  Well there's always next season...
Iskall make SaAaAaAndDdD Floor in Pacific
Rest easy gerald you died too young ✊😔
You should join the land games in aque town since you came up with the property payments.
Wader Slime Pog
Minecraft is all about using random blocks to make amazing things and Islam has certainly done that.
Welcom Back
Not that there is anything wrong with pink but I think a sunset roof would look rly cool
The elevator could be a beach hut to hide the redstone
GG
Iskall, welcome back! Its great to have you back on the server, and I hope you had fun with VaultHunters. One idea for Pacific: it might be cool to have pink and orange sunset clouds up near the roof with shroomlights in them for ceiling lightage and a really neat sunset vibe!
Did anyone else hear the villager at 19:21???
The thing in the middle is the shop!! hahaha
So I don’t generally like tropical or beach themed things, but I think the interior of pacific actually looks really good!!
As far as the windows go in pacific, I think you should black out some of them and leave the rest as they are
He is BACK yay
also grain parrot looks like a cyclops
do beach on one level desert on another and ocean on the last so they look diffrent
I’d recommend using sandstone slabs in place of the birch, it’ll blend in much better.
Iskall should get everyone to help build the canopy during one of the hermits helping hermits Mondays
See you next month
Youtube removed my subscribe from you because you were not active :/
Wader slime lol 😂
Wader slime
ISKALL WHEN IS THE NEXT VAULT HUNTERS   Lmao jk so glad to have you back dude
Wait Iskall is trending in America?
You have four floors, and the pacific logo has three more sky colors above pink.. you should keep the theme and make the next ceiling out of pink terracotta, then red concrete and finally orange.  Also, love the inside beach idea but it looks too messy. I would cover the whole floor in sand and make the birch walkways straight. Less but taller palm trees could help connect the ceiling a little bit better. And a nice grid of lights below the same to get rid of weird shadows.  I do enjoy giving unrequested feedback.
16:55  :    This message was approved by StressMonster101  (The edit was just adjusting the timestamp)
Does anyone know why he was gone for so long?
Im super confused. Isn't the hole point of pasfic is larg Redstone contraptions on display. Why keep hiding it?
so who wants to tell him the back side of the machine needs to be completly open with no floor so the items can be dropped to the ground level
Now i have a need to call a Palm tree Palmtricia.
For the next ceiling you should do that orangish brownish block(I can't tell what it is 😂). But It continues the color fade on the Pacific's logo.
Glad to hear you enjoyed your break and happy to come back to hermitcraft cant wait for more videos 🤗
Should have used string for the sand ceiling
Can you please do some more vault Hunter videos
Nice to see you back:D
Jesus loves you and forgives you for your past choices and mistakes accept him as your Lord and savior before its to late start a relationship with him read your Holy bible, talk to him every day and pray, he is waiting on you with arms stretch wide open waiting for you he would not force himself on you his a gentleman, kind,loving and PATIENCE. Put your trust in Jesus because he is the only one that will never fail You, worship him day and night , be thankful every day despite of😊  Gospel songs Nobody - casting crowns  Michael w Smith- love in his right hand  COMMUNION- TRIBL I THANK GOD - TRIBL  Voice of GOD - Dante Bowe  CHAMPION - TRIBL   There is much more but accept Jesus he loves you and he knows what's best for you, trust his timing, his ways and thoughts are higher than ours😊🥰🤗🥰
The things mumbo put up _are_ the shop modules. They would contain the item stock and automatically withdraw from your account when you make a purchase
You can't miss the deadline for episode 100 if you don't make 100 episodes
"Huuuh?" 19:20
Do the “Hermits Helping Hermits” live stream, and get a team to help finish the canopy.
is it me or does anyone else think if he does not finish the tree he will quit and dissconect and hius alt will say on the  screen iskall 85 has left ther game. hallo?
A villager 19:21  Btw nice to see back again Iskall.
I'm really glad that you've taken a break, make sure you take care of yourself I will always come back when you post your next video :D
I hope Mumbai doesn’t have to build them again, although it might be funny
THE RETURN OF ISKALLLLLLL
YES! missed your face Iskall!
You and mumbo need to log in together and collab on the interior design.
HALLO ISKALL I MISSED THE FUNNY FROM YOUR VIDEOS!!!!
LONG LIVE WADER SLIME
"Pink is not a big seller" yes, but that's only because Stress hasn't been on the server much.
Welcome back!
Wouldn’t it be better to use sandstone for the pacific floor so it’s easier to move things around?
I'm falling asleep!🥱😴😴😴
Between Impulse, Iskall and Stress of course, pink is now the most trendy color of Hermitcraft
👈 handsome?
Did anyone else notice the really badly timed “hrrr” at the end?
Hi
The big pp man is finaly back Never stop with your contant
one of the ceilings at Pacific should be a fake nighttime sky like in the Rainforest Cafe
Iskall you should enlist hermits helping hermits for your trees leaves!
Most UNPORFITABLE HERMIT in season 7
Welcome back, see if you can get a few Hermits to help you on your tree & leaves  with the Hermits Helping Hermits stream. I think it happens on Mondays.
I love it, it reminds me of the contrasting designs made during the eighties and nineties.
I really like the interior, it's really nice and colorful! you did good!
If something pink is cursed it must be "pursed" (quite fitting)
Another idea is making one floor as the ocean, one for the beach, one for the sky!
Iskall, thats what you get for not watchin full episdes, at the end of his episode Beef took the deed to Omega tree back from Stickskall
19:19. Benny be quiet!!!
Get some assistance on the Omega Tree on Mondays' Hermits Helping Hermits stream!
Thank god hes back!! :D
sounds like a task for hermits helping hermits stream day
You shoud ise the windows to show your amazing products
When dose he stream? I never Get notifications from Twitch that he is live
John 3:16-17 16- For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17-For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen!
what is the ciellings matched the logo??
I just realized... with the new mountains coming in 1.17, Season is gonna be the perfect time to make another mega-store called Everest!
I thought you were dead
10:17 ThE rEdStonE hAg
The "thing" in the middle is the actual shop part. It is the part where you are gonna sell the items.
Iskall: Probably no one has pink StressMonster: Am I a joke to you??
Ok
3:34 mIcrOsft Pacific wIndows everyWhere
waiiit... I just taught of something. Your name, iskall, is it just something you made up or is it from swedish (is=ice kall=cold)?
19:20 huh
If he doesn’t finish I’m calling it He will just re log
Hey you. Yea you. You are very likely to see my comment. There’s only 4 videos that ive commented on
vault hunter episode when :(
the barge is gonna get destroyed by pacific.
Is it just me or did everyone else hear the random villager
Another season where Iskall and Mumbo take like half a season to build a shop that won't sell much anyway and there will be no time to experience it cause they'll be done with it right before the season ends... lol
You should replace the cyan above the "sun elevator" to pink. It would match the ceiling better.
Yeah Iskall I dont forgive you... Im sorry. You literally just had a month break before this one and having one right after just is not good enough. For that reason I am unsubscribing
I think it would better fit if you made a palm tree as an elevator
Hey iskall maybe have the ceiling be a sunset colouring so whenever you look up it feels like you’re in the beach in the evenjng
19:20 only me hering a villager here?
Does the sun mural give anyone else retro Taco Bell vibes?
Didn't realize how much I missed him until I saw the video
HALO we missed you!
You should mix in white blocks with the cyan subfloor, it would make the ceilings look like a sky.
at 19:20 did anyone hear a random villager noise????
HE'S BACK! IM DO HAPPY!
Do glass waves for the floor
imagine if pacific doesn t do well...
We missed you!
As a recent convert to mining sand with tnt, I am entitled to say Iskall is a sucker. Also welcome back lol
The next hhh stream should be for the benches or leaves of the tree
Iskall u might as well not make an episode until u finish ur trii and then make one showing the finished product
Make a subway link from aquetown to Pacific. Buy a plot, build a tiny mini pacific shop with just a mine cart inside that takes you out to the ocean and into Pacific's lobby.
16:00 F for Mr Skellington
is anyone else getting MEGA BUGGED by the peices of stone in the corners of Pacyfic's windows?
OMG FINNALY BACK
Why did i only get a notification 1 day after the release?
Mumbo and Iskall making Mega Shops at the last moment and no one using it
iskall, you are an amazing person. thank you so much for the content, and the streams, and the good attitude. even if you dont upload as much, no one can doubt that you are great. Dont feel bad for not uploading as much.
Askall I have challenged the YouTuber mumbo jumbo to build a 2x2 house in bedrock
Super cool idea! Continuing your cyan to light blue to pink ceilings (which looks great btw) you can continue by making the next 2/3 ceilings as the colors in the logo! you already started doing it!
Random mobs waiting are for the shop to open, to spend their money, hahaha
Honestly the last thumbnail I expected to see in my recommendations today. Glad to have you back.
The thing mumbo built is what he is using as a shop
The king returns!
Pacific is the literal embodiment of a tourist trap
For the tower of red stone torches make a colum of glass that transitions into the next color
Om du förstår det här, så är du kung. Även fasst Iskall 85 är svensk, så är majoriteten av hans tittare inte svenskar, jag bara skojade det kanske är sant, kanske inte jag är för lat för att kolla. SVERIGE 🇸🇪 🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪
It's really retro, I dig it
19:20 random villager noises?
0:50 and -1000 profit
He’s back baby
yes pink
Its not “sand is so satisfying “ but “sandisfying”
Liked and commented just to help you with the algorithm rn since it's been a while
I’m so happy you’re back! You and etho are my favourite hermits :>
Hermits Helping Hermits Monday to finish the canopy!!!
you should get the Hermits Helping Hermits gang to help with the canopy
Iskall85’s ranking before long break: 1. Grian 2. Iskall85.  3.Scar 4. Mumbo During long break: Grian 1, scar 2, BdoubleO100 3, mumbo, 4, iskall85 5
Maybe some Hermits Help Hermit action would be good for the OMEGA canopy
Suggestion : Once the omega tree is done iskall should add creatures within the canopy just a suggestion
Scar made an entire town and pacific is still incomplete. We all like mumbo but you should have chosen different partner if you really want to get 10000 diamonds. Good luck XD
F  Rip gerald, he was a real one
Iskall-MAN.    y e s.
Iskall- These are not houses Mr. Skellington Me- Don't give them names before you kill them that's sad
IDEA: for every floor, make the roof a different color, then when the hermits buy stuff you can make an option for coupon codes, and the coupon codes could be the color of the roof with maybe a twist or something!
The fact that when you say Mumbo the subtitles say Bamboo makes me happy :D
There are four floors Iskall
at 19:10, the delayed villager sound really caught me off gaurd
U can buil a big diamond chandelier in each sealing💎💎🏮🏮💡🛋️🕎
Iskall my dood - gather the hermits together for a charity live stream and have them all meet at your Omega tree for a live stream leafing day. Ask Xsuma if you are not sure how to set it up as he does them. I imagine it would be a day filled with laughter and a benefit to a charity
When the world needed him the most he disappeared but then the reapeared 😊😊😊😊😊
Iskall85 ive missed you
hermits help hermits every monday can help you
its been a month omg
Ngl I thought u was dead
If you don't gather sand with TNT you're a sucker
what ever
For the ceiling endrods on the roofs with a layer of matching glass?????
Welcome back!
Poor beef!
The triple fox lol
My friend, you know how to keep a monkey in anticipation.... Devious
tree pog
Who else thinks that having the top floor being a cyan and magenta 80's sunset colorscheme would be cool?
Iskall- *my moustache friend Me-*our moustache friend       Heheheheheeh😅🔥🔥
when is the other series gone, I've waited so long yet only 3 episodes
CHECK YOUR SHOPS!
Iskall i LOVE the way your mind works. Pacific looks SO GOOD.
For lighting, use endrods and make some sun umbrellas!
Consider the Hermits Help Hermits Mondays to get some extra hands for the canopy =)
Wooooo!!
Finally
Welcome back
iskall, on the second floor of the barge, you can buy materials by the shulker box
19:21 what was that?
For the windows do the different shades of colored glass like the pacific main sign
finally pacific is back
yaaaaay ur content is back after a month!
Glad your back!!! Good to see the Omega tree and pacific back!
Been really enjoying your vault hunter streams, but i love to see you back on the server!
Haloww
I never clicked on a video so fast
the ad before this video "he's been gone nearly my whole life"
21 more episodes
Hallo Iskall "Man", what if you did that shopping thing above the banking system, but you could make the shop section look like a Tiki Bar thing! I don't know if it would fit the aesthetic that you are going for, but it would look really cool! And you could make it look like it was hanging from the celling
I think i know some moustachey dude who DOES have a concrete mega blaster of doom... in his industrial district
As Etho once said: if you don't collect sand with tnt u sucks.
Iskall take a break whenever you want one. You dont have to apologize, it's your channel.
Hermits help hermits on a Monday.. could see this done OMEGA quick
You can make the pink floor a coral reef floor
F Rest in Peace Gerald
YES!
Make the shopping modules look like a tiki bar
The buildings that Iskall have done are like a roller coaster of emotions
F  Gerald
The payment thing is on the bottom floor iskall. Sometime you guys need to get in a call and discuss what all of the parts are
The man the myth is back!
HHH on Monday's that's what you need
Everyone uploaded at the same time, Grian, Scar, Iskall, And Then Mumbo
He could just ask if the hermits would want to help him build the *canape in a HHH livestream
Have been watching VH almost every day in the background while working, and while I have been absolutely loving it, its also great to see some more HC! I did not realize how much I missed your YouTube videos until watching this one :)
Imagine how things could be much more simple if iskall watched Mumbo's video
The king has returned
Hey mumbo are you ok .... Says the dude talking to himself 🤣😂😂😂
When he finds out all behind the Mumbo's things(redstone) is gota go...
HALLO
Long time no see
He bacc!! :D
Use sandstone stairs instead of birch ones in Pacific.
omg iskalMAN is back
where is vault hunters
World tour ep 80
When i saw Herbert i was hoping it would be a Dune reference.
when hermits get stuck on a one block deep tryna fly: *tHis is aWkwArD*
Did anyone else hear a loud villager sound at 19:23
Do Hermit Challanges
Hide it with omega tiki-bar?
Iskall: I'll leave the server if the omega tree isn't complete until ep 100. Also Iskall: You can't technically reach ep 100 if you don't upload.
Hello everyone sorry for advertising  BUT i would love to recreate a hermitcraft server once 1.17 comes out comment below for more info
hey iskall i have a question about vault hunters  what do i need to do if i try to start a world and  it just stuck at 100% ?
You should get the hermits to help on the help Monday stream
Iskall you blocked the redstone contraption with the light blue concreet
You should do a hermits hoping her.its Monday were everyone helps place in logs and leaves
wb iskallman
hallo! happy to see you back!
Hey iskall do you read the comments of your old videos like hermitcraft 6 and why did yu stop the experts
0:59 me and my girl in the night
Didn't the hermits start a community project thing. They all helped Ren a while back and were saying it was going to turn in to a regular arrangement. Tree canopy done in a day!!!
You've totally lost your mojo man, you need to do a mega end busting live session with Mumbo, he seems to have lost his way too. I'm sure you'll both regain it together.
Missed you so much, Iskall 🥺🙏🏼
What about a beach bar design to hide the redstone inside of pacific? I would love it 👌🏽
U should do hermits help hermits stream for the canopy?
ISKALL WHY DID YOU NOT UPLOAD FOR SO LONG :(
LOL what, Beef hasn't swapped yet. He switched only briefly so he can build  a bit in 3 fox hole and then switched back.
There is a monday evening stream on Hermitcraft where everyone helps out, u can use this to finish the Omega tree!!
On the roof of pacific there should be another upside down "diaper". It would compliment the tower (look at scars aque town builds). Also you could put black concrete behind the windows with glass infront.
mumbo builds an super high tech automatic transaction machine iskall : should i build a staircase leading to next floor
stickskal man or pinkskal man
Jesus Christ the misscomunication is real.  Mumbo is like we talked with iskall and decided to have open redstone. Iskall goes ahead and covers it all up.  Iskall builds an elevator with a mechanit for every floor, Mumbo builds shopping mudules every second floor Mumbo builds the payment system in the lobby and shopping modules on the floors. Iskall "I'm assuming this is where you pay."
where do you think? from pacifica?
Iskall: Let's now add the interior design to Pacific. Me: Remembering Mumbo making mistakes on the positions of the redstone builds inside Pacific. (Panicking Internally)  I'm a perfectionist and a guy who likes to be efficient so this situation triggers my OCD a bit.
Would placing leaves be a Hermits helping hermits opportunity?   I’m glad you are back - I’m glad too that your vault mod went well and you enjoyed it - was able to catch a few and watched Cptn Sparkle for brief moments - didn’t understand a thing but the chat loved it and you are infectious (joy not germs 🦠)
19:19 ????????         HMMM...
FINALY
But... wasn't the hole idea of Pasific to have open redstone?
just here to check if youve done anything for beef yet, still disappointed.
Used Tnt to collect sand its ethos trick and it works amazing
WELCOME BACK
Iskall why don’t you get the hermits to help on a monday. It’s a thing now . All hermits work on one project together on a Monday
11:50 it is my job iskall *clears throat* GENERAL KENOBI!
The word PACIFIC is derived from the Latin Word PACIFICUS meaning PEACEFUL...  Is Pacific a peaceful place??? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . It is OMEGA
Three floors = sunrise, midday, and sunset!
Have the redstone build on a sandy island over blue concrete and products on birch or spruce rafts
The machine in the center of the door of Pacific is the shop
Would have maybe used sandstone slabs for the floor. That also helps with the lighting.
4:27 * Anakin Skywalker wants to know, you're location*
Don’t forget your diamonds in the bunker you built with impulse
Let’s go
Bye bye iskall in the next season
you should put water in the blue gaps you made around the sand. (and maybe a pool with a squeeky toy in it?)
Hooray it’s iskall!
12:45 creeper go spïįín
HALLO Iskall. So glad that Vault Hunters is such a success.  It doesn't matter what kind of content you post the True Iskallians will watch it all. Thank you for doing what makes you happy!!
Mob Farm, Bank, what's the difference!
19:20 i got scared that i was in minecraaft myself and forgot to logout lol
19:20 Villager?
Iskall's mega tree could be a help a hermit Monday project....!
Iskall: Sand time Me, who consumes 5 to 7 sandwiches a week and also has a long history of inside jokes: "sandWICH time!"
dude go  to hermits helping hermits
Pacific give me vice city vibes
Hey iskall!!! Very nice you are back!!! I love your videos and i have an idea for the roof of each floor!! Build a sun with some clouds
What was the random villager sound
Iskal one month ago: remembering that he has to finish the canopy before episode 100 Iskal: well I guess that i will have to take a break from uploading
THIS MUST BE APRIL FOOL JOKE
So sorry, I hate everything you did... doesn’t make sense at all, sand slabs sun concrete all that and it looks worst than my grandmothers bedroom
oh hes not dead \(@^0^@)/
As much as I have missed you on here the work you put into Vault Hunters is amazing and I really enjoyed watching it. I am playing the mod pack now and has to be one of the best out there. Congrats on your success and look forward to your future work Iskallman!
Is it just me that thinks that Pacific will be a Sahara 2.0, like when they finish it the season ends?
everyone crapping on mumbo & iskall for pacific should probably know that a) iskall needs a break from HC and has been having a lot of fun with Vault Hunters, as a result he doesn’t invest as much time. b) Mumbo has some living arrangements scenes going on as a result he can’t be on his computer too often. so it’s neither of their faults that they can’t do a call. it’s perfectly okay please remember that they’re doing all of this to entertain us.
The interior shop floor you made looks fantastic man. i love it
If you do the edge of the sand with the light blue concrete exposed try putting white stained glass along the edge like the sea foam or clouds along the sunset on the pink floor above to avoid having a drop off
We all know Iskall didn’t come back to hermit craft so he could wait until beef got finished with his base and therefore Iskall could finish the omega tree before episode 100
When I needed him the most, he came back.
cover the windows in black
You have completly destroyed the shopping modules XD HAhahah, I'm not sure whether to laugh or cry
Pacific could do limited time sales on pedestals since each floor is so huge
I didn’t realize how much I missed Iskall until he said “Pa-Cific!”. I can’t tell you how much you’ve helped me through this year, Iskall, and I wish you the best of luck in all your adventures!
damn 1 month ...
This is sahara incarnate
Personally not a fan of the variety of colours. Feel like you should have stuck to the original colour scheme
Why did you even bother starting pacific if you gonna drag it on and on and on. it would just get super boring and meaningless. last season was so much more fun this season idk why you set up such a huge goal that ended up wasting so much time and energy many episodes and just repetitive the tree and now pacific. the shop is getting less and less useful near the end of the season anyway
14:08     fallout reference ? pog?
Well i lost my grandfather and i really need some good vids that has comedy thank god that i dint watch this earlier  Love your vids btw
Single handedly = doing something on your own  Single mindedly = focussing on doing just one thing
Maybe they could help Iskall with his canopy in HHH?
In the windows you could put in miniature window displays of everything you sell yhen you can have a solid wall behind it
I liked vault hunters but i don't like watching streams
Wouldn’t a hermits helping hermits build the omega canopy be great!
Pacific Sombrero...
You should do signs instead of blocks, can look cooler
Good to hear you feel more inspired to create hermitcraft again. But it was a LOT of fun with vault hunters! Can not wait for season two!! All kärlek från Stockholm!
man one month later episode
Put water on the floor, cuz its a beach and beaches aren't beaches without water
I miss you iskall im so happy to see you back !!!!
HERMITS HELP HERMITS!
Beef: three fox hole Skall: tripple fox Sad base noises*
Next Hermits helping hermits building the tree?
I think u should have shopping lamas they have ok inventory and it means you get a shopping trolley to scoot around on which is so cool just putting it out there!
Please add water under the birch paths!!!
Resubscribing...
We all know and love Iskall and are happy that he's back, but I think he's lost his marbles a bit XD
Yaaaaas Pink Celling Is AMAZING
People in VH chat are you happy now? wE WaNT moRE VaULt hunTErS!!?
Use smooth sandstone for the paths
hope you had a nice holiday on the vault :-) glad to have you back Iskall-man xxx
A long time later...
Välkommen tillbaks!
we missed you and your fun videos sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much. Glad to have you back :D
Use HHH  Hermits Help Hermits streams :)  Also:  What do you thing about downstairs of your Tree?
You're back!
Maybe you can try doing a beach hut to cover the elevator
Iskall those chests are were you are selling the goods.  Not payment chests
so iskall wasn't able to leave his base because he had to leave it in beef's hands while he was on leave; now he has returned to his base to leave it again, and hopefully this time he won't leave it alone so he can leave it before episode 100 or he will have to leave.    did I mention leave?
You need space for the pricing modules behind the chests, so some of that flooring will have to go.
ISKALL! You where working on the shopping level!
almost thought you were dead there
its been a month LOL
It reminds me memory of Malaysia
4:14 ... u broke everything but you just can't see it          (the observers make a clock)
Iskalls IQ 2000 play: just don't make episodes until tree is back. Genius.
He’s back!
The worst part of hermitcraft is the inevitable and predictable exit of Jevin and Wels. Dont be like Jevin or Wels.
You and mumbo need to do an episode together so you both actually know what your doing
ArchieRKO
Also you can arrange an HHH (hermits help hermits) monday stream and get some serious progress done on the tree
I wonder if he is going to upload more episodes of vault hunters because i stopped watching at the third stream and now i cant watch the fourth...
Pink is verey good coler
9:00 he is the sand guardian, guardian of the sand.  POSEIDON QUIVERS BEFORE HIM  (do not finish)
13:58 *Let* *it* *die* *Let* *it* *die* *Let* *it* *SHRIVEL* *up* *and* *die* LMAO
Oh no, now we have pinkpulse and pinkskall
I dont think he realised that he put the pink floor 1 block lower than he put the blue floor.....
that was a super great video ISKALL!!!
thank god you're back!
Welcome back m8!
Name the fish: The Late Pacifish of doom
youve gotta FIX THE WATER ELEVATOR you destroyed, cuz it poops out the coins!!!!!     .....that you also go stuck in
Pacific is many odd and random things but not it’s intended purpose. Nice
By the look of thinks HC 7 will end before episode 100 XD
What about Hermits help Hermits to help you with your canopy?
8:00 you just broke mumbo's contraption
As for the canopy, a Hermits helping Hermits project?
No one literally no one: Mumbo and iskall: sign war it is😂
The second floor will be stresses fav floor😂
WELCOME BACK ISKALL!!
As the elevator only goes up, it would be cool if you added a giant slide from the top floor to the bottom so that people can slide down to exit the place.
You guys need to work on pasific together at the same time, it would make progress soo much faster
Is it just me or iskall and Grian have put a random villager noise in both of their videos
This is like my finals project. We we doing stuff and had no idea what was the other one doing.
👍
Iskal the thing that Mumbo made is the shop... I think (Welcome back btw)
You wouldn't harm a Herbert, would you? Club Penguin PSA missions intensify.......
I'm sorry dude but the shop looks horrible
Make a Gravity block duper for concrete and anvil selling
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
you can put string and the sand on top so you can make the ceiling and the floor SAND.
You could do a hermits help hermits livestream to help place the leaves on the omega tree
See you in a month
Wooo, good to have you back :)
Is it a diaper, or those white pants Don Johnson wore in Miami Vice?
Iskall those things mumbo built are the shopping compartments.
What about turning pacific's edges into a mob farm! You could sell the mob drops from it or demand diamonds for a certain amount of xp!
Ismail should put blue glass where there is no sand, so it’s all on the same level
4:36 I hate sand! It's coarse, rough and it gets everywhere.
yo Iskall you do realize that those are the shopping modules
Huhhh? Only 200k views in 14 hours.  You used to have like 700-800 in 15 hours before
Use the hermits help hermits monday livestreams to finish omega canopy
Am I the only one who is getting serious vaporwave vibes from the Pacific aesthetic?
First we had PinkpulseSV, and now we have Pinkskall85... Well guys, it seems that pink is 2021's color so far.
Hey iskall can you please add an artificial sun on the ceilings, maybe have like one floor be sunrise, one mid-day sun, and one sunset that way you can have lighting on the ceiling
Pink ceilings are how you summon a Stressmonster.
hes backkkkk
Mumbo has a concrete maker in industrial district
Mumbo has a concrete maker in industrial district
mumbo has a concrete maker in industrial district
Iskall..mumbo has a concrete maker in his industrial district
Iskall: **uses pink concrete**  **Happy Impulse and stress noises**
Iskall!! make a boat ride through the canopy of the tree!!!
I  THINK I FIGURED OUT ISKALLS FAVORTIVE KEY ON THE KEYBOARD (CAPS LOCK)
19:20  hrrrrrrr
Ideally for the shop floors, I think you should use sand along with a mixture of white glass and normal glass around the walls so it's like the foam of the water and the normal glass just let's you look through to the sea so you've got like wall, white glass (sea foam) normal glass (just to see through the layer to the light blue concrete (the sea/ocean) beneath) and then the sand as the beach in the center with the walkways and trees on it.
Iskall Gets his Tree back by doing absolutely nothing.
6:43 its was teddy frinde from vault hunters!
Pink is taking over the server
So iskall intends to finish the entire canopy and make a second canopy in...... let me see....... 21 episodes including also doing pacific stuff
Yah iskall is back
When iskall started the vault hunters project he said he is going to keep uploading hermitcraft videos...he used to upload 2 times a week and now he uploads once a month🥺
Is it just me or are the blue and pink floors on different levels.
I wish mumbo and iskall would just talk to each other before building without knowing what each other have already built built
Finishing the tree is the perfect project for Hermits helping hermits!
Iskall : Pink Concrete is very Under... Under.... Me : Rated ??? Iskall : Under Estimated
put water !!!
you really need to talk to mumbo LOL! i love that you are like we need space for shopping around this huge redstone when the huge redstone is the shop XD
You’re probably not seeing this, but you should make the ceilings/floors at least 3 blocks thick. One layer of cyan/blue patterned glass as a ceiling/floor, and the middle layers as water with fish swimming around to give it the aquatic feel. Sort of like the center diamond tower but between each floor but blocked from the Redstone. Maybe throw in some sea lanterns every now and then for light but yeah, just a suggestion, love the series
just cause its cursed doesnt mean its bad
Glad you're back on Hermitcraf!  Totally understand you have your own life and other ventures going on and will follow all of it and apologize for all of the hate I saw going your way on social media for the HC break. Happy its back but always want you to do what makes you happy! Thanks, Iskall
Our lord Diorite Burner has returned!
Just don’t Upload episode 100
19:20 - random villager noises? xD
Mumbo has a concrete blaster
iskall you broke mumbos system
15:43 It hurts my eyes  I dont like pink  Edit: I ment........I don't like too much pink in one place little bits of pink on their own is ok but loads of pink on in one place is just like walking down the barbie Isle at Smith toys superstores.................. it gives me a headache. But I guess I will just have to live with it
Welcome back!!!
Hey Iskall!,  For the lighting, you should put a sun in the middle of the roof ( a 3D one) where it would "shine" onto the beach shop. Nice to see you back!
You should sell pacific palm trees
Iskall, the chests _are_ the shop - your paths aren't really going anywhere.
iskall you should call the elevator the iskallator
you should do a pink lemonade idea or drink area in pacific
Halllllo you should host the next hermit helps on Mondays for the tree of doom
Ummm Iskall that redstone contraption IS the shopping module....
it feels really good to have- **loud villager hum** my tree back
One month from the last video wow
This Pacific and his diamond chase will never be completed
I'm 90% that neither Mumbo nor Iskall actually want to earn diamonds from their shops. They're so bad at business...
What if u had a theme for each floor. Beach for 1st floor and candy land 2nd floor and so on
nice vid
Tmw iskall breaks mumbo's redstone clock by putting concrete under and infront of the observers
Iskall come on man your slacking off. Not uploading episodes in month is bad for your channel. I know the omega tree is big, but bro you actually got the 50% of it and you just stop working completely. That's not bro, bro
The first ProjectIn Hermitcraft which is a community project , and they donot communicate with each other woooooow
21 episodes until episode 100
I think pacific is actually getting close to opening, because actually those were the things that the shopping items go into and they're already hooked up to the banking system!!!
I think a nice touch would be to add light blue glass over the light blue concrete in pacific. <3
Iskall should participate in the hermits help hermits stream and have everyone help with his omega tree
sandy bird
Iskalls challenge to get the tree done by Episode 100 is great and all but... who controls when the episodes are posted? Who controls how long they are? Iskall.
Thanks for coming back after seven weeks to destroy Mumbo's hard work on the store. I watched all of the other hermit's new releases before this one, because they value my time and loyalty more.
I can’t tell you how refreshing it is to hear Iskalls signature HALLO
19:20 * loud VILLAGER noise*
F Gerald!
Worst idea for a business Start a business late in the season
What if you were to design each floor with a theme? You had the beach theme, and then another floor can have a coral theme, and then maybe another is underwater temple themed!
I... completely forgot about hermitcraft
Can you please close the windows and add products in it as a display window
The Hermits help Hermits streams on Mondays could help you with the canopy
You should make the sun elavator cover a beach hut 🛖
Colourful stained glass windows!!!!!!
Hey iskall (1:47 minutes) are you ok? 😂😂
HE RETURNS
Dude! Ask for your own HHH episode! Every Monday they've been doing "Hermits Helping Hermits" and a bunch of people get online and help with grindy stuff. Have a party at the OT and get that canopy knocked out!
8:33 diamond heart
I WANT MORE PHINEAS AND FERB EPISODES
13:22 my old saying is   When is doubt  Head to the cords 0, 0.
0:21 oh look it's my cousin, mr water slime! (Wader not water)
19:21 lol
PLEASE MAKE AN ESCELATOR IN PACIFIC!!!
Iskall: In order to not leave the server... I left the server.   Explanation- he didn’t make any videos until he got his base bask so that he can have more time.
ISKALLLLLL THE MIDDLE THINGS ARE THE SHOPPING STATIONS
what if you made the floor of pacific out of water with the birch slab walkway floating on top? and you could make a few sand islands with the palm trees on those? i think that would look really cool!!
@iskall que up for hermit help hermit weekend for the canopy
Underrated not underestimated.  But I'm happy to see you progressing with your build.
Specific has a spe sound whilst pacific has a pa sound two pretty different sounds so i dont know what iskall is saying
Some one has to return balance to the world sooo... Iskall!!! Where's Vault hunters?  Come on man it's been like what a few days since the last vault where's that gosh darn season 2? XD But for real don't let the hate comments get you, we of the iskallium community love what u do and appreciate the effort u and the devs put in ur stuff being that hermitcraft or vault hunters or whatever else you decide to do ^^
Did anyone else hear that villager noise when was in the trees?
The chests are the shop they are designed so if the person doesn't have money they can't buy something
Won't we get any more vault hunters episode
Hallo!
Iskall’s tree produces 90% of the worlds o2
Wait until he finds out that vintage traded it again at the end of his video
I thought Iskall died.  x.x
Put a chandelier on the ceiling of Pacifiq
Welcome back 😃😃😃
That thing is the ACTUAL SHOPPING MODULE
I think iskall should put stained glass in the “water” border so that customers can still go up to the window
Me: Skips to 9Minutes in  Iskall: Talks to Parrot Also me: He is talking to a parrot he has finally gone mad.
One stress would be proud of the pink, two use light blue glass on the open sand area’s to keep the ocean feel but keep the floors level.
Why not just temporarily light up Pacific with torches?
This man NEEDS Hermit Helping Hermits!  not Joe's evergiven....
Iskalls solution to not having to grind on the omega tree is vault hunters
Love the editing lol!
Mr Iskall85 it is episode 79 the tree is looking a bit sad because it is not done   Message was sent from IB14 and the omega tree
I whould harm AND cut down a Herbirt
19:20 Random Benny noise
Iskall buddy ol pal Mumbo showed you the original version and explained what it was in the pacific lab. (The red stone in pacific)
So excited to have you back now! And good on you for taking a break, it's fair enough
u should use tiki torches to light up the floor of pacific! It would be amanzing
Can’t wait for mumbo to come in and take down the back half of the floors for red stone
With the floors, perhaps you could put blue glass over the blue concrete so the floor is level, and so that it has a bit more depth? Just a thought!
Quick question have you ever accidentally peeled the bark on someone else’s builds  I don’t know why this came to my mind
I just realized that Islam spent so much money on the blue concrete, but nobody will ever see it. It’s underneath the first floor, and there is already a ceiling above the lobby, right?
Stress, then Impulse then Iskall. The pink is spreading.
Add water and palm trees and dat wizard boi is a cool channel to check out for inpseration
i wish the shops in pacific hanged from the ceiling.....
i wish the shops in pacific hanged from the ceiling.....
i wish the shops in pacific hanged from the ceiling.....
isgall:i cannot imagine pink being best seller * angry stressmonster noises*
I feel season will end before episode 100
imagine hermitcraft with Create mod
I hope iskall will have a good relationship with diorite sorry iskall if you don't like me to say the d rite
expand the island
pacific should buy a plot in AQUE TOWN
pacific looks bigger than the island
I was basically screaming because he didn’t know what mumbo built. Those are the shops! And now there’s no room for the still needed redstone.
->What will happens first  ¤Opening of pasefic ¤Ending of season
The observers will end up pushing the ceiling down I'm pretty sure
the catwalk thing gave me an idea...      Put a fashion minigame on top floor (yes i'm a girl)
You are alive!!!!!
Oooo. Add waterlogged sandstone stairs on the ground
Overjoyed to see you back on the server, Iskall! I missed you. I'm happy you like the changes that Beef did to your base; I think he did an amazing job! I wish you could've done something at 3 Fox Hole.  Maybe you can do some redstone over there to help him out with functionality?  Maybe a few coloured beacons that turn on at sunset and off at sunrise to help with the Cyberpunk feel?  Also, LOVE LOVE LOVE the pink you used for a ceiling in Pacific.  It just looks gorgeous! I also love that entrance with the colourful sunset!
You know Iskall, if you wanted to buy sand at the barge, you could go to the second floor and buy in bulk
i cant wait for a corporation named Everest.
What if you put the pacific logos in the windows with glass panes/blocks
"I can't imagine pink would be a big seller..."  Impulse: *are you sure about that*
Iskall85 Be apart of "Hermits Helping Hermits" and haver a leaf placing party for the omega tree. I am sure the live stream conversation would be epic and you would get a big lead in leaf placement.. lol
we all know you haven’t been playing vault hunters for a month, We all know you spent the month making all the palm trees on this floor of pacific lol
I was looking at his merch and I was confused when I read ranboo when it says 12 banboo
He has 4.60 months to finish his tree 1:After this he has 20 episodes to finish 2: 1 episode a week 3: that makes 20 weeks 4: wich is 4.60 month's So in summary he has a while to finish his tree
*See you in 2169 when Pacific will open...*
What is Pacific? Except for a Gaint blue skyscraper, In a White concrete Diaper and a complicated elevator and a spider, but not a creeper  Iskall Created a poem, without him knowing, WOW! awesome.. No words for the talent lol
Sahara,Pacific...what's next...Everest?
I really wanna see pacific functioning.... next season when people will actually use it.
He's BAAACCCCCKKKKK to Hermitcraft
Iskall: I feel like I’m forgetting something  Hermits: If you forgot, then it wasn’t important   Iskall: yeah, your right  *Iskalls Treasure island*
Iskall, you should have made one of the floors purple and green.
wohoo iskalls back
ugh, I missed your "HALO!"
Wader Slime is the father of rolf and husband of water sheep.
Totally could use quartz slabs for clouds in Pacific
Pacific is just a blue cactus
"I can't imagine pink being a big seller, to be honest..."  Turns around and see ImpulseSV's base.
Just want you to know that the pink ceiling is lower than the cyan one.
Bro first vid in like a month
Yay you're back!!!
I suggest you do a little bit of leaf placing at the beginning of each ep
I’m resubscribing
Holy crap he’s back
So we're gonna tell him that Beef traded the deeds back again with stickskall at the very end of the same video he did the initial trade, right? Meaning Beef took back ownership of the tree and gave the hacienda and Three Fox Hole back to Iskall.
Iskall and Mumbo: "Why are there so many mobs in here? Also Iskall and Mumbo: *Never light up the spawn spaces*
Does iskall play with his FOV pumped way up or something?  Its like looking through a fisheye lens lol. Does it make any one else nauseous?
I have been reading the comments and if you decide to comment on this video, spell Pacific right please. A lot of people are spelling it Pasific.
You probably saw this coming      The return of the king
Lovely to see you back. Missed you.
Stress is gonna LOVE pacific with its new flashy ceiling
Kinda gutted you did nothing for beefs base
Iskall85: hey Mumbo are you ok  Viewers 10 seconds later: hey iskall are you ok P.s so glad iskall is making videos again very good (omega and pog)
Please make the pathways on the pink level be clouds
Iskall, there are THREE opportunities for mustaches over in the Aqua town area of the shopping district. Go get them!
Pacific : finally finished! Open for Business!  Season Ends...
You should do a hermits helping hermits livestream on your tree sometime
Super weird = 90s Taco Bell in the US.
You said you would delete this Channel if you did not finish by episode 100!
Iskall, as the person who requested turtles on that community tab thing, I still think turtles should be implemented. Just consider it, ✨turtles✨
That center piece IS the shop, homie 💀
The pink looks awesome! It reminds me of a beach sunset. Very nice 👌
I am severely disappointed that iskall doesn’t have his flower shirt on
I don't know how this "hermits helping hermits" stream thing works but if you got a bunch of people all hammering on the canopy all at once you could really knock it out. That'd be such a fun hangout stream
ISKALL mannnnnn
Welcome back Iskall!!! The pink looks great, and it goes with the sign on the front. A shopping balcony would be cool!!! Happy to see your video, thank you!! Your tree is magnificent! <3
Considering the upload date of this video that's following a huge "hiatus", Iskall is implying that he is the modern-age embodiment of Jesus Christ himself and I couldn't agree more.
poor beef goes back to a un improved base
He's back!!! We missed you!! This is so cool!
The inside decor is so pretty! I love the tropical vibes
Say it with me now... Pacific is bursed. It's blursed. There’s no denying it.
What's with these two always setting up a massive shop at the END(~ish) of the season? 🤣
try red sand
You don’t even have to do all windows.  You could make them walls and make different designs using different shades of blue and using the blocks that you used to make the main structure
Iskall maybe you could be beefs servant as repayment.
I think you built the pink ceiling one level too low iskall hehe
hey you should give em 2000 diamond for omg tree lol
Iskall welcome back! You can add mini clouds out of white glass in Pacific!!!
Don't worry, if you get to episode 99 and don't have the tree finished, you can just stop uploading and then make a single, massive episode once you do finish.
Iskall where vault hunters lmao, gg on beating the final vault it was amazing to watch!
YOURE FINALLY BACK YAYYYYYYYYYYY
A LAYER OF PACIFIC IS ONE SQUARE KILOMETER😂😂😂😂
Iskall you made the pink layer one block too low
For all the windows, why not put pixel art of the items you'll be selling?
And when the world needed him most     HE RETURNED AND GAVE US AWESOME CONTENT
OMG!  I missed this!  I’m glad to see you back
So funny - iskall: these are not shops, mumbo: these are shops
OH!! He IS alive!!!
Nautilus shells on invisible item frames on the beach floors might look very pog. Kind of like seashells
omega love for your comeback to the server
19:21 hmmmmmm 😂😂
maybe do each floor a different theme of the beach for example you have the beach and the water slides part maybe do an under the sea floor, a floor that's like inside the giant palm tree and a floor with a softball net  a area under an umbrella canopy
Iskall you have to remember mumbo only has 2 brain cells
You covered the shopping system...  Wtf.  WHY?
That's such a waist of silica
In the finale of Vault Hunters you, Iskall85 responded to my comment at the very end before the raid. My comment was: "April fools! oh wait..." The stream was on April 2nd.
Mumbo= The reason there are creepers in Iskall nice stuff.  Grian= The reason there are potatoes in Mumbo's nice stuff.  Iskall= The reason Grian spent his nice stuff. (Treasure Island)  Why are they so chaotic?!?!?
Mumbo was drunk when writing that message
❤ISKALL❤
When mumbo stuff doesn't work well that's because u broke. So u should tell him to look at everything he has done and double check to see if it will still function
mining sand with a shovel.......hit up etho and look what he thinks about that 😂
You talk really fast once you have come back!
Be responsible on beef . . Help him in the 3 Fox Hole . .  You Just Remove the diorite and not replace a thing . .
Hey Iskall you should make the room with the sand floor the roof should be a beach umbrella 🏖
Do you think it would be possible to change the shipping unit to some sort of tropical bar? Don’t know how to describe it, but it sounds like a good idea.
Please post vault hunters main parts of the stream on this channel.
Happy Easter
I think the pink layer was one block too low 😅
iskall: what is this weird thing in the middle? *me, who knows that it is the shopping system:* oof
gorgeous!
Welcome back!
Missed ya!
Hallo your backkkk
I bet helping hermits will help with your canapé.
In my opinion, the pink concrete for the sky looks better than the cyan concrete.
X after Iskall and Mumbo make Pacific: STONKS
Iskall: Paaaaaa    Cific.       Hello Me: hi
Sometimes I'm confused with the chaos that is Iskall's decisions for building.
Love the pink! Embrace the pink! :D
SAND DONT LOOK GOOD
Is it just me, or does Pacific look like a building right out of GTA Vice City?
Finally after all these years IskallMAN, POGGERskall, stickskallMAN I have them all
Welcome back Iskall! POG
Skelly: wooooooooo, splat Iskall: oh good bye dude
he is back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So... Iskall just 100% forgot about mumbo showing him how the whole stock and payment system works, huh?
Welcome back treeman hahaha
Here in Australia there’s a pink lake so it does still kind of relate to water/Pacific.
Thank good your back bro your one of the funniest hermits
iskall-man needs a megasode                                (mega episode)
I'm sure Mumbo will mention it, but there needs to be a void behind the shopping modules for the token items to fall all the way down to the first level to total the items purchased on any floor
Why did you build the floors on different heights in relation to the windows?
And put water in places to make it feel more like an ocean
Hermit craft should get a mod that nerfs creeper explosion block radius
Do umbrellas with seat and the umbrella poles are end rods for light
It’s true. I would not cut down Herbert. I doubt any man could cut down Herbert. Certainly not a person with a mustachio whose name rhymes with gumbo. (certainly not)
I thought Iskall died, im happy he didnt
21:08
It’s been a month 😅... great to see you back
The chests are where you are selling stuff for goodness sakes, just watch mumbo's video
Iskall, you wanted to give Pacific a bit of the tropical feeling, didn't you? What you could do is: Fill the floors with with Light blue concrete and lapis blocks (as sky and water), add sand above it to give it the beach feeling, and ad a sun somewhere in the concrete surrendered by white blocks to symbolize clouds. If you catch my meaning? (This comment was written while I was watching the video, so you might've done something similar before you saw this comment, if you at all see this)
Awww I so missed these Derpy Episodes! So glad you are back!!!
Paaaaa-cific
It's good to have you back, Iskall. I missed you! <3
There should be some clouds near the bottom of the ceilings.
you should get helping hermits to assist with the canopy!
Iskall. You are gonna want darker trees for your walkways since it's probably wet wood at a beach. Also for contrast it might look nicer :)
YES! I needed more HALLO in my life
Love the sun!!!
@Iskall85 maybe do a hermits help hermits for the tree? :)
HALLO!
Iskall: Asking if Mumbo is okay when he spells something incorrectly  Mumbo: It's a normal day on the HermitCraft server
Use lanterns on fence posts as tiki torches instead of the shroom lights
Bennys response seem to have been a little delayed..
Do you think Iskall waited until beef switched back bases to upload so he had longer to work on the Omega Tree
Iskall   For the pink floor/ceiling you should put the pacific logo in the floor/ ceiling to break it up
iskall's tree seems like a pretty good candidate for this week's Hermits Help Hermits!
You should apply on H.H.H (Hermits Helping Hermits)
Hallo!! we have missed you iskall !!
9:01 It looks like Mr.krabs eye
Tree should’ve been Harold not Herbert, ifykyk
yeah iskall back..
Put clouds using different shades of glass panes/blocks. Maybe use white concrete as well? They could be 3D in Pacific because floors have so much empty space between the levels. Clouds could look good to fill the space up!
Benny was like “ so now u come back huh? Well I ain’t serving u!”
SaAAAndDD?
Iskall _alone on the server._ *Also Iskall:* Mumbo, are you okay?  *Beef:* Builds bedroom, creates library for Iskall. *Iskall:* Destroys diorite in *Three Fox Hole.*
2:11 One fart and hes dead
19:21-???????
We love to have you back at HC :)
@iskall85 I know you won’t see this, but I just want to say I love you. The content is amazing, from Pacific shenanigans to Vault Hunters daily streams. The sunset is so 70’s Cali...very nice. Keep up the good work in all you do! <3
more palm trees and welcome back from the stuck on the roof of pacific for two months?
One floor should have small beach resort type apartments/homes
Don't feel bad, Iskall.  You got rid of all the diorite.  You did great!
Nice, new episode.
Sahara was on a completely different level in terms of professional design and functionality. Pacific seems very lazy and the design is mediocre.
U shood burn duwn ur tree. Dat FIYAH wood bee S-S-SUPA HOT!
Eeskall u kant speel eether
Ishkall!!!! Those r the shopping modules but put catwalks anyway
The legend has return
Welcome back
We have missed you iskall
You should make the roof of each floor  light blue or cyan so it looks like a nice sky because Mumbo wants each layer two windows tall. Ps so happy to have you back
it's time for *_P       O       N       K_*
I don’t know how this works  Mumbo makes a video where it’s explained enough to the point you know the back of the module needs to be open to the floor  He broke it sooooo much   to the point where he could save soo much time  And he can’t get mad for him taking down his floor because it’s his own fault for not watching his videos
It pains me so SO much to see Iskall and Mumbo not communicating about what each thing in pacific is. I’M SO FRUSTATED
F GERALD
does iskall not know about hyphae? his trees have exposed insides and it looks weird.
Vault Hunters? Lol
Can you put in at least one Cyberpunk building before you trade back?
Paaaarkour
He is finally back.
Iskall has chosen the jojos colour pallet for pacific
breaks are important!! VH was awesome!! im excited for HC to be back though :)
that pink makes it pop*POP*PoP!
I’m so glad your back, I had to watch other hermits ahhh, it might be making me so sick 🤢 iv only had to go to the doctors twice and explain to the doctor that Iskall85 wasn’t on YouTube for like 7 months and I had to watch other hermits, then he said he had the same problem. WHY ARE YOU BEING SO MEAN TO ME UNIVERSE/ ISKALL85
U and Mumbo should communicate better!
Iskall pisses me off for some reason.
Iskall remembers his youtube password
Yessss
I think Iskall missed the whole banking system in the lobby. The center pieces on every floor is for the stock
He's back!!!!!!!
Hermits Help Hermits on the canopy?
"Return of the King"
#SaveTheHermitaFromPink
The “payment method” is the area for the stock you only need 1 per floor otherwise you would have more chests then items in the game
Anyone else hear the villager noise when he was flying above the mega tree? 19:20
Lalalalalalal
Heheeheh
Iskall I have an answer to your floor plan issue.    More pool floaties.  Put them in the blue space around the edge and put chests on their backs to hold the merchandise.  Also (and this is not as good an idea but still a possibility) you could make glass clouds for the second part of the floor so as not to interfere with the semi-natural aesthetic.
HE DIDN"T DIE!!!
Welcome back dude, we missed you.
Iskall: "where do we sell things?" Also Iskall: *looks right at the thing where they sell things, wondering what it is*
I thought you quit hermitcraft because of vault hunters
It’s nice to know that Iskall didn’t forget his password
What I thought iskall’s plan was: I can’t finish this tree by episode 100 soooo no more episodes
Iskall: It’s clear, Pacific is a lot of things... My brain: Iskall: *But what if it was pink?*
F for Gerald
I missed you so much :(
The things in the center are the "shopping modules", they are the shop XD
Wait was the leaving server thing a requirement or was that just by choice?
Pasific evry flor ailend stile me lyk
i love the beach feel!!! the sunset door is ehhhhhhhh. but pacific is coming together!
You should make the next layers ceiling red then the next orange like how the pacific sign colors are that would be a cool detail
yo iskall u ok why u gone so long nerver the less im glad u are back
Welcome back ISKALL .....  MAN.  You have been missed.
"He is a very strange man, our moustached friend" Says the man living in a tree trunk!
Iskall is back! It’s an Easter miracle!
Can someone tell iskall85 that that is the shop pleas
I feel like you have a bit of a lost opportunity with the ceiling. If you'd used the light blue you could have added clouds to complete the beach feel. I love the idea of it though. You could even add water to the spaces without sand. Go for the island beach vibes. Lay down some carpets as towels, a few umbrellas, etc.
Iskall: I have no idea what this is  Secret lab under mumbo's base where he showed him all the redstone......  Me: That's the omega confusing shop btw
Pacific looks great! Love the elevator entrance.
Welcome back iskall!
HYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE
Iskall: But mumbo is a very strange man Also Iskall: Wader Slime
iskall I believe that it is underrated and not underestimated
I don’t like sand
Iskall, do an iskallMAN deed and light up pacific, it whould help many iskallMEN and Mumbo’s.
“This is such a mob trap.” Me- laughs in any build Scar does
19:45 Wait, if you dont finish the tree by episode 100 you will quite Hermicraft?
Love that your bake ❤️
Iskall the builds are Poggers but I recommend some things to add to pacific for the water bits add some different glasses and make a water texture and for the palm trees add some lanterns hanging from the leaves
at 5:18 there is a random diamond ore in a shuker box
First 3 words in the captions: “Pat civic Hello” Iskall you said Hello according to youtube
Maybe add a "Please remove shoes before shopping" sign and a rack with flipflops at the entrance for the true beach feel
LMAOO I love how the villager sound was just RANDOMLY edited at the wrong time hahaha I dunno it was just a little random thing but hilarious haha
HERMITCRAFT IS BEING TAKEN DOWN. Now that i've got your attention the ceilings should be the colours of the Pacific logo
Just a crazy idea... - Put Pacific in Aque Town
I want to take a break from hermitcraft... to play another form of Minecraft
I THINK MY EYES ARE BLEEDING!!!!
Everyone needs a break to do the things they enjoy. Try to ignore those who make you feel bad for doing so. They don't live your life, so live it the way you want. Those who are true iskalliums will enjoy whatever content you create, whether it be here on the YouTubes or on the Twitchy boy dyin.. I mean getting murde.. I mean running the vaults and "surviving" in vault hunters :D and we will be patient during it all. So long as you're happy, we will be happy, and that's the true nature of an iskallium!
How about a nighttime scene with a fire pit
Anakin would not like this shop
Iskall! I bought your poggers!,hallo t-shirt and it WAS awsome! But after like 1 month it started to disappear. I mean the drawing came off. Can I somehow get a refund?
Iskall: I am rich boy  Grian: I don’t think so
Iskall:Uses sand. Also Iskall:Doesn’t do SaNd.(He was part of sahara)
Why can't you just watch Mumbo's video, he done it all so long ago.
welcome back Iskall!
I still am perplexed at the idea that a building that is 90% windows still has a mob-spawning problem
I think we've discovered that, somehow, Grian was the ingredient X to the Architeks sudden collection of small children.
A sandy beach feel, or a huge litter box
ISKALL85 U PUT THE PINk LAYER ON THE WRONG LEVel U PUT IT ONE LOWER
Hey islall!!!! I have a great idea for pacific. You could put a tropical-like song from note blocks or from a disc under the floor
Man it’s been ages
Is he making each ceiling/floor color the same as the increments on the logo?
Iskall you should ask for some help on the OMEGA TREE on mondays! "Hermits helping hermits"
Iskall: You wouldn’t harm or cut down a Herbert, would you? Paper industry: hold my beer
OMG HES BACK YAAAAAYYYYY
Yea me to
The pink is 1 block lower than the blue layer compared to the shop modules
hi
well Mr. iskal85  you do know about the Triple H (hermits helping hermits) Right?
13:01
14:06 Is this a Fallout reference?  16:17 Boardwalks? In keeping with the beach theme?
I feel like iskall is just learning a german name every episode and cant get enough of it
Pacific is the definition of " lack of comunication "
Hermits helping Hermits on monday's could be used to assist you in collecting oak logs, leaves, or even placing them if you can explain your vision to the others. Just something to keep in mind.
Hallo
Why don't you participate in a "Hermits helping Hermits"-stream and make the others build branches for you
All Herberts that have been harmed or cut down, please speak up now.
ISKALL!!! YOU DESTROYED MUMBO'S DESIGN. THAT WAS THE SHOPPING CHESTS!!!
I turned on cc for no reason, and when Iskall said "Mumbo" it thought he said "Bamboo".        What a coincidence.      If you don't understand, the legendary 12 bamboo thing. That should explain it.
So did iskall just repress the whole thing where mumbo explained what the machines did?
nobody realized that the pink sealing is one block too low...
You should ask for help for the trees! There’s a whole Hermits-help-hermits thing going on on streams every monday!
you should put water over the light blue concrete on the beach level, and clouds made from white wool in the pink sky
Upgrade the elevator
the king has returned!
The thing in the middle is were you shop
Iskall the items fly out the back of the machine for buying things... You need to remove those blocks...
Should have a hermits helping hermits episide to help iskall get the canopy done
So gpad to see you back man
Will pink become the new mycelium?
Iskall didn't even realize that he had no amour on the whole episode.....NO DIAMOND LEGGINGS!! :(
Awesome you’re back
Hey there is this song called livgardet by this band named sabaton and it’s in Swedish. You should check it out
I THOUGHT PACIFIC WAS A BANK
I feel like it needs a rock pool in one corner of the beach floor thingy in Pacific
Please, yall need to have a meeting
WE MISSED YOU HERMITCRAFTSKALL!! <3
what if every floor is like a time  like 1st floor:day  2nd floor:noon  3rd floor: sunset
*Stressmonster has entered the chat*
19:21 why there is a villager sound?
The Omega store: ;-:
The return of the king
AAAAAAAAAA I GO OUTSIDE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A WEEK AND THAT IS WHEN ISKALL POSTS       life is rigged 🥲
Happy Easter Iskal!
Anybody else get 90's Taco Bell vibes from the Pacific Colors he just chose? I love it!
The new floor isnt cursed its blursed
You owe VintageBeef big time. period.
Doesn't that arch kind of looks like what you could see in old 80's shows? Thinking of that old swedish show Sunfools, Solstollarna. X)
Put a hot air balloon hanging from the pink sky!
Return of the king..  Glad to have you back Iskall <3
I think I love Mr Wader Slime
Iskall you have being gone for a long time a month In fact why??¿??¿??¿??¿??¿??¿??
About time!
I missed you so much Iskall!
f (fish) gerald
iskallium is back again <3
Iskall not remembering mumbo explaining that those are the shopping modules and trying to figure out where to sell things is my favourite.
you and mumbo really need to talk about what the hell eachother are making
ISKALL IS BACK!!
You should make loyalty cards which, when bought, give them 20% off all pacific stuff. It could be that a dropper that moves diamonds into the vault pushes every fifth into a place at the exit for the card owners
mumbo: building 4 shoping modules iskall: so i guess mumbo only planned out three floors
It’s not because you wanted to play that dungeon game I don’t know what it is it is because you do not want to make episode 100 I’m not finish your tree 🌲🌲🌲🌲 SUS
i like the pink. bright bold colorful pacific is a good look
A recap of this episode: Iskall mined sand He made pacific a beach Named a palm tree Herbert Was generally confused Fought with mobs Got his base back Wiped Bernies tears
Use all the colors from the Pacific sign for ceiling colors 😉
Welcome back iskall, you seem to have gone insane
The second floor entrance looks a bit like a sun going down in the sea I like it!
Hello :D
Sounds like a job for Iskall... Man. for three fox hole
HALOOO
This is great. But the whole lack of communication thing is starting to cause some problems, I think.
Anakin Skywalker hates your sand floor if you know you know
I would love to see the things Mumbo built cased in a beach bar style out of wood with a straw roof to improve the beach feeling
"WE ARE NOW BEACH" is gonna be the weirdest sign you would ever read.
Iskall should get some other hermits to help with the canopy on one of the HHH streams
Iskall: i dont wanna leave the server Also Iskall: left the server for a month
you've blocked Mumbo's red stone contraption by putting a floor behind his layers
The return of the king
Ninja friend on the server said if you’re digging sand with a shovel you are a sucker used TNT
Bruh
the Lord has risen today to bless us with HermitCraft from everybody
welcome back
Wader
'Hmm... Does this look better with Cyan? '   -replaces Cyan with cyan-
It looks like the Fortnite fish
Welcome backkk!
Iskall: I'm gonna finish the leafes by episode 100. Everyone else: I don't believe it before I see that
Only one thought... Hermits helping Hermits
Yaaaay HErmitCrAftTt. vi har saknat dig iskall❤️
YYYSSAAAAAAAYY ur bakkk
19:21 why where there a villager sound ? Great to have you back :)
You should deeeeeefinitely do a good built/improvm’ deed for beef !
He should’ve named the sand pesky bird ‘Sandy Bird’
Glad to see hermitcraft back again wish I could’ve watched more of vault hunters I hope you enjoyed it a ton after spending so much time on it
Plot twist: He's just delaying on finishing the OMEGA tree by making 1 video a month.
For the lighting you can use tiki torches
Can't wait for the moment when Mumbo tells Iskall that the "Centerpiece" is the shop itself XD
I think you broke mumbo's machine placing concrete under the observers
Welcome back!
this sun shows how badly you guys need somebody like grian xD
Gotta show off the awesome new entrance to the base Beef did!
comment for the algorithm
You could ask the Hermits helping Hermits live stream gang to help you build the tree a little bit ^^
I thought the idea behind pacific was to have (almost) all the redstone visible. So why are you trying so hard to cover it up all the sudden now?
awww welcome back iskall! I hope you will still have fun with hermitcraft tho <3
For the windows, you could just leave some of them open, so people could fly in and out quickly, which was a big part of the barge's success.
HALLO
Welcome back~
I think you should fill pacific with water and put hearts of the sea in there(and put corals in there instead of the palm trees)
At least stress will be happy with the pink flooring
Ah, yes. The "Why bother communicating" method of co-op building. It's not even funny anymore.
Please, island, palms tiki hut elevator, lighthouse torchtower maybe
19:20 MHH
Pinkpulse and Pinkskall
Iskall! While you were gone the Hermits created a group thing were they would help eachother on stuff & its called: Hermit helping other Hermits or something you could use it for the tree! whatch Ren's video for more info
What's with the villager sounds with Hermits video??? Hmm 🤔
“ it feels really good to-HUAAAH- to be back”
wader slime
Good to see you back
I think making HBomb's pink castle has made Iskall fully on board the pink train
I love that you are making Hermitcraft episodes again, I hope you can find a balance with Vault Hunters cuz I love that too!
good to see you back iskall! loved the vault hunter streams but happy to see you on hermitcraft again too!
This made me happy.
You know Iskall, there's a pretty good way to fulfill your promise to us. Make your episodes really far apart so that you have lots of time working on them. And maybe enlisg the help of Iskall Man.
Iskall those chests won't open with the orange blocks ontop
Maybe in the hermits helping hermits they can help with the branches!
You have not posted in for every are you ok iskall 85
Iskall has returned! 4 hermits posted today :)
Welcome back. You have been very missed.
Iskall: i have no idea what the redstone does but i spend hours buildung around it - just ask mumbo ffs!
Isckaill I fear no man but that creeper it scares me
since 4 months you and mumbo are communicating via signs - there was absolutely no time to talk once about pacific for real???
is friking vault hunters over yet gosh
Good to have you back!
Also, whats with the random villager in the sky 19:20
Triple H live oak placing, maybe?
Horray! IskallMAN! is back!!! :D
Hey Iskall you should sell passes in pacific to the pool and the inflatables on the roof.
hallo
Yasss!!! Iskall, full disclosure, I have an addiction to your content. Makes my week watching your videos! Gets me through the week. Thanks, broskee!
You should have added blue glass to the recesses in front of the windows.
Welcome back!!
YOU AND MUMBO NEED TO TALK
Idea: for an event anyone can join Hermit Craft, but they would all be on spectator mode without commands (so they can’t grief or do anything but can still look around)
Did you finnish the event in war thunder??
would've been a lot cooler if Pacific were to be in aquatown
The next flor looks actually like a big chunk of chewing gum
i believe light overlay mod is client side, you can use it to find where mobs are spawning
that looked like a thicc perry the platypus NGL
Excellent to have you back!!!
I think that PinkPulseSV is enough and we don’t need PinkSkall. We don’t need Pink Skall Man.
As I was watching, I just wished that the floor was one block down so that the window was in the middle of the floor, instead of no gaps at the bottom of the window and two blocks at the top of the window… also, the buttons should be ‘hand level,’ instead of at foot level (unless you’re meant to press the button with your foot…? lmao)
19:20 random hrrm
Iskall has a lot of "sAiAn"
Mumbo’s contraption is where you buy items and it lowers into the ground so...        That’s an issue
I think the pink floor was a block too low :(
Um uh what was that huh in 19:21
Join the helping hermit's stream for your canopy!
Maybe the Hermits help Hermits thing that has come up could help you finish the tree? After all, doing it all alone is probably gonna take a while
Every hermit has some speciality like building or red stone or armor stands . . . But then there is Iskal
That thing mumbo built is the shop
Iskall you make me laugh!
"Can I put the floor blocks right in front of the observers? Suuure!"  *facepalm* :D:D:D
Pog he remembered his yt password.
Daily reminder of the 10,000 diamonds goal
Join in on hermit help hermet Mondays that tree could be done by 100
he is back!!! omg
you should do Hermits help Hermit stream of placing leaves
19:21 Random villager noise
Spends ages in pacific to make the video longer smh
When he strarted with Pa, i thought for a second Cub got to him and it would say Parkour. thankfully it wasent, Couldnt take anymore parkour for the rest of this season.
ahh doesnt everyone love when all the hermets release a vid scar poggerskall cleo grain bubbles u know
Wait... WHERE DID THE LAST BIT GO?!
SaAaAaAaAaAaAaAaAand for the floor… ImPuLcIvE SAhArA fLaShBaCkS
The thing in the middle of each floor of pacific are the shopping things and the items that are bought come out the fish tank
make a secret conduit and flood the place with water, i think itll be good
Iskall the middle things that mumbo built is the shopping system.
Why don't you make the ceiling so it looks like the sky?
Don't cover the back of mumbo redstone ! /o\ Item should drop off to the water colector below !
I don't watch any videos about other games.  Ever.  Hermitcraft gets the exception because I really like the Hermits, but not enough to watch them play other games.  I might squeak in other Minecraft videos if I am not in the mood to play, but not often.
Good to have you back Iskall!
The pink ceiling is cool. Maybe if you messed with it a bit it can look like a sunset in the ceiling. It already kinda does to me with the color and the darkness in the middle
So should we tell him that the thing in the middle is the the shop?
Know what the place is missing? Nautilus shells sprinkled in the sand. 😊
When the world needed him most he returned
Grian has his pesky birds to mine SaAnAnAnD while he is gone
YES FINALY BACK
Can you build something like a beach bar in pacific? It would fit really good i think
1225 blocks per layer... but it's a square/rectangle and that's an odd number, SUS
Was anyone else waiting for him to notice that he built the pink ceiling 1 block too low?
Bernie is scared and Benny like Beef more
For those that don’t know, Superstud was a HUGE channel contributor during vault hunters and he finally became an Eternal at the end (a fighter Iskall can summon in the vault, and can be associated with essentially anyone who supported the channel while he was streaming)
Absolutely chuffed to bits. So chuffed... so bits.
I don't feel like the season is going to last much longer
AT LONG LAST. MISSED YOU DUDE! You now have 21 more episodes to complete your tree. Don't procrastinate :*
You built the pink ceiling at the wrong layer!!!
Iskall, you weren't supposed to put blocks in front of those observers!! lol
Sooooo, when did you develop such a great sence of humor ma you deserved this long break
I think you should remove the floor blocks under the observer in Pacific because the observers are going to move I think?
Iskall designs pacific so people can see the redstone.  Iskall now: " We can't just have redstone hanging around"
Please fix the fricking elevator... This is making me more than aggressive 😉😂
I think that you should've changed the wooden slabs into blue concrete to make it look like the ocean but overall I love what you have done.
If u join the hermit livestream they might help you build the branch’s
When you placed the light blue floor, you blocked the observers in mumbo’s machine! They are supposed to move but the can’t with the concrete in the way
grab your diamond pile again!!!
Perhaps a new microphone?
Love love love me some iskallman!!
You should continue your Vault Hunter's series, even if we'd be way behind
"Pink goes very well with blue" - iskall85 *Happy IBM PC CGA graphics card noises*
Iskall: what is pacific?  Me: a giant mob farm
The return of the king!
Iskall just so u know the chests are the shopping thing and all payment is downstairs
Iskall you should have made the celling a sky with clouds and a sun it would be vv fitting with the beach.
You mine sand with a shovel? Don't be a sucker. Use tnt
Unpopular opinion: I don't like what Iskall has done at Pacific. Specifically the sunrise box thing.
iskall: "i dont want to build anything that disturbs mumbo's system" also iskall: builds floor under moving parts and breaks mumbos system
where have you been young man
at least pacific didn't get blown up by creepers this time
Episode 99: Finishing the canopy
Pacific looks like a cyan cactus
yaaay welcome back, my friend!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Add some waterlogged sandstone stairs
Yeeeeesssss  The king has returned
you broke mumbo's Redstone  the back area is supposed to be open
You should cover the redstone with like wooden huts out of spruce or oak wood.
Welcome back iskallman
Iskall leaves leaves leaves
Glad you're back to Hermitcraft :).  Excited to see the future of Pacific, the Omega Tree, and your industrial district, though if you have the time I'd love to see what you could do in Aquetown ;)
Love that iskall just breakes mumbo's machine
Somehow it feels like iskall calls every animal gerald
Iskall: It kinda looks like a dessert right now...  Me: SAHARA
You buld the Pink seling one blok down (i don't speak English)
"This is the weirdest and most impractical design I have ever come up with." *Zedaph: :p*
I love how the yellow behind the chests on an orange background makes it look like the chests are glowing!
The man himself is back! ISKALLman
One of these days Mumbo and Iskall will figure out that if they want to build a high tech store that actually makes profit they should do it in the first few months of the season. You know...instead of having their grand opening 2 weeks before the end.
Red sand on pink.
I miss vault hunters lots but im glad you are back!
Impulse and Stress want to know your location
Part of me wants iskall not to finish the tree and start a let’s play The other part wants to hack into the server and help him with the tree so he doesn’t leaf hermitcraft
I love the color scheme. The yellow, the orange and the blue look beautiful together and the pink is a great touch. It's not cursed, it's gorgeous.
Hej det skulle vara roligt om du gjorde en Svensk video. Det skulle bara vara roligt om du gjorde det.🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪
Hey iskall! Xisuma has a fish shop in aque (or aqua) town, you could use the fish from there to decorate PACIFIC!
U should do the kanepy in the hermits help hermits live?
I love how it says Superstud777 finally enternal
Rainbow windoooooooows
Hire Grian for Pacific!! Architechs!!
Iskall big brained us. Needs to finish the tree by ep 100 so doesn’t make episodes till he gets the tree back. Smart man
Did Iscall just reveal when the end of the season will be???
I've missed you. Glad you're back
im getting Sahara vibes rn
Use smooth Sandstone slabs to Bring more detail to thé passific shopping islands
They never thought it would happen but he’s back
Yay iskall is back!!!
THE ISKALLMAN IS BACC
Iskall: *names a tree Herbert*  If you've seen another Swedish Minecraft youtuber named Stamsite, watch his series called "överlevnad i djungeln" and you will see something funny.  Note: this only works if you can understand Swedish (evident by the name being Swedish). Note 2: I don't know if Stamsite still make Minecraft videos but I doubt it
Not the hero we deserve but the hero we have! Glad to hear that you're back :)
Iskall I missed you! And I'm so glad you haven't forgotten about Pacific
OMG he is alive
Pls change the colour of the beacon rays into green
Idea:- you can add clouds.
I think it would look really cool if you put light blue glass in the areas with the 'water' on the edges of every layer. Somewhat like water but less dangerous for your redstone
I love your idea of having catwalks around in pacific hopefully you go with that idea
Iskall I watched all of season 6 since the last time you uploaded lol
11:32 grey block Go Bbbrrrrrrttt
That ending scene is something only true vault hunters understand
Iskall, why did you use Birch and not sandstone?
None of the hermits i am subbed to have uploaded for at least a week and then 4 of them upload within 2 hours!
Hallo again dear friend
iskall: Man, these mobs spawning on the windowsills are so annoying!  also iskall: Let's not light them up, what could go wrong?
love how he doesnt even mention how he hasnt uploaded a video in a month.  classic iskall, good to see you back on the server
'what is pacific' - pacific is a project that has been under construction for months and will likely be complete in season 12 of hermitcraft
I think you dont need floor behind the redstone thing. It will drop the item to the first level water. Or at least I remember like this from Mumbo's video when he made it.
Welcome Back ;)
This is an amazing video, pacific is looking amazing!
Go to 19:21 for a surprise
Hits ep 99 tree not done sooo.... ep99.1 or 1000h ep
When captainsparkles mentioned you yesterday, I wanted to see you. Glad youre back
Iskall, scar, and grian: post on same day Me: *happiness intensifies*
Pinkskall and Pinkpulse let the pink spread
Pink? Where is Iskall and what have you done with him????  Still looks nice tho.
Les go
I like how the ceilings are in the same order of the pacific logo
Iskall! That is the shopping modules. The back of the chest array is going to be the item value calculation circuit
I feel like mumbo and iskall really need to meet considering the hole where coins come out was blocked.
Add wood buttons on the sand to make them look like pebbles in the sand
We need to make sure Iskall knows about Hermits helping Hermits!!!!
hey Iskall you should tell other hermits that you need help with the omega tree and meet up with them on moday hermist helping hermits
i wonder if the HHH will come to the rescue to help out with the OMEGA Tree
Iskall Man you don't have to be sorry for taking the time you need. Your fans are with you
You know with your pools of water by the windows the only thing I can imagine is you doing a lot of water slides coming out of each floor
Hermit helping monday is gonna safe you by helping with your tree
Pesky bird is a spy from grian specialy strained to check on customers
13:15 i wonder where we can sell stuff... *Facepalm* i had a seizure
He comes back as mumbo takes a break lol
Good to have you back Iskall!
Iskall:Says sand Me, who started watching in season 6:SaNd!?
Anyone remember decked out?
Welcome back Iskall, pink and blue you say? Check out impulse's base.
You should have a lot more farms in your district so you can offer more stuff for them pacific
I missed you
Finally
Hey Iskall, if you want some inspiration I transformed Pacific with a vapor wave theme Complete with an aquarium, rooftop pool, bar, and inflatables. It’s a very similar theme to what you’ve already done  @azazn_chan on Instagram Azazn-chan on Reddit
How about adding flowers and hanging fruits to the omega tree?
Iskall makes my day with his voice, personalty and his puns That's why i was suicidal for a month
finally a video from iskall. you made my day please dont take this big of a break again. keep up the good work
It's good to have you back Iskall!! I've missed your Hallo and awesome laugh!
I was hoping better for this return :(
Here's something I'll never understand...  Over and over you are faced with the fact that mobs are spawning near the delicate redstone, and several times they've already seriously messed things up. 'WHY' has the area still not been lit up or been made mob-proof in all this time? Is it purely for the sake of 'entertainment' and comedy?  (Like how Scar calls it his x-th unintentional mob farm)
On Mondays they started doing Hermits Help Hermits livestreams, I'm sure your fellow hermits would be happy to help you with the tree canopy!
JoJo part 6 announced and Iskall is back, I'd say it's been a pretty good day!
Guess whos back, back a gain, iskals back, ill tell a friend. So glad your back, but cant wait for VH2.
That middel thing is the shopping module
You should ask impulse what he thinks about the pink
You should put clouds on each ceiling
the man. the titan. the titan man. the guy who crushes dimensions to get as many diamonds as his little heart desires.   meet pinksal
iskal is the lorax of palm trees
Yay you are back! Ohhh tree solution idea! HHH Hermits Helping Hermits
Who is this iskall guy
Vault hunters was amazing! Great to have you back on hermit craft but can't wait for the next season!
HAPPY EASTER 🐰🐣
Yes that block there will mess up the red stone
Ayyyyyyy, my mans back!!!!!
iskall scar and grian all upload today. noice
Iskall's skin should have a lovely smile like Bdubs.
HALLO Iskall! I'm not quite sure of the details, but talk to Xisuma about "Hermits helping hermits" . Maybe you can get some help for your canopy? Unless you actually want to place every log and leaf by yourself...
Monday Live streams!!!! All the Hermits have been helping each other on Mondays during their live dreams; get them to help build the canopy!!! :D
Hey iskall's back!
Why dont you make the redstone chest's on the beach level like an abandon pirate ship
The chests are the shops!
Fun fact: Creeper was a mistake in Minecraft.
Just a suggestion, but to hide some of the shroom lights you could add carpet on top to make it look like beach towels!! Love the design of Pacific so far, great job!!
When iskall realises what mumbo built IS the shop
yessir your back. first time i have picked someone else over bdubs when there is a new bdubs vid
Binod
Every episode of HermitCraft "HALLO"!
There should be a hermits helping hermits stream for the Omega Tree canopy
We love you Iskal and BTW welcome back.
Welcome Back!
F Gerald
19:20
Unpopular Opinion: The Hermits overuse Concrete
hes baaack
Yay iskall is back so happy
1 month -_-
Pacific is like Sahara 2.0
Welcome back! Glad you took the time you needed to enjoy VH!
"this thing in the middle" is in fact the shopping system and that is where you buy stuff
Pinkness
The big thing in the middle is where you buy the stuff when you take it out of the chest it takes pacific coin out of your account
I know this has been said, but if you want, please ask the other Hermits to help you build the tree on a Monday on the Hermits help Hermits Live Stream on Twitch. Those streams are super entertaining and maybe finishing the tree with friends is not that daunting (not endearing) anymore. :) Also, playing VH now and grinding through to the end to run the first vaults, you made it look so easy!
I'd sink those slabs halfway down into the sand rather than half above, and put glass over top the water sections around the edge to bring it level with the sand but still visible.
Take the colors from your logo for the floors
I know Iskall dissapeared for some time but I wonder where iskallMAN went?      I have a theory that they are the same people . . . What du guys reckon?
The sun design looks like the old 90s Taco Bell logo
It's good to see you back! Looking forward to seeing Pacific being brought forward and the tree brough upward.
ISKALL the “centerpiece” as you call it IS the shop. You guys put the product in the chests and then when a customer presses the button it buys that item. So your catwalks would be more for decoration than anything else.
When he realized he was going ti quit hermitcraft if he didn’t get his goal before 100 episodes, he decided that the best solution was not to make episodes at all 😂
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OH NO! . . . FIRST IMPULSE , AND NOW ISKALL ,THE PINK IS CONTAGIOUS!
The return of the king!
That tree you called Herbert is really Bob. Also you should put Beef's deed in Tommy's prize pool.
whats it with all the hermits and pink this season?
The return of Iskall?
Mr. Wader Slime is my spirit animal
I've missed this!
Always happy for a bit of hermitcraft but waiting for vault Hunters Season 2!!!
We all know it wasn't stickskall but babyskall who talked to beefskall
Iskall: You underestimate my concrete! mombo: don't try it!
IT TOOK SO LONG... HALLOOOOOOOOO ISKALL GLAD TO HAVE YOU BACK
Hope you had a great break, been watching your vault streams and loving them so far. Exited to see what happens with pacific and the canopy in the future 👏🏼👏🏼🔥🔥
1k comments?
Where has iskall been, it’s been over a month since he uploaded last
I think youtube is refusing to recommend this video for some reason,  Refreshed my recommended 5 times and it didnt show up after it was announced in the discord
I bet ure insane cause u talk to a bird and ure self all day
hey iskall, wood path shoud be campfires, or darker slabs
Are you going to partake in Hermits helping hermits stream? It would be a lot to leave it all for yourself.
I loved this episode
Where tf were you I thought I had accidentally unsubscribed :( good to have you back, hope you stay back!
*Return of the King*
Finally! You are back!!!!!!!!!!! OMEGA YAY
Oh i thought ur dead
Glad your back man. Once the canopy is done you should incase the tree in a glass dome .
happy easter
Wader slime shame slimes can drown
I think it'd look pretty if you put some clouds on the ceiling and hide lighting in there, so the pink doesn't vanish in the darkness
that "thing" in the middle of Pasific is the automated shopping system. Items go in, people take the items out and press the button, Pasificoin is automatically deducted from their bank account.
Was the villager sound delayed for anyone else?
The windows of Pacific should be a sunset gradient. That way when you're inside on the sand its like you're on the beach, and from the outside it'll seem like a mini sunset.
19:22 the random villager sound?
superstud deserved to be an eternal
I think you offset benny's "hrrrm" by a few seconds 😂
U should remove the island and just have the biulding go 2 the ocean floor
Might not be the best idea but what if the windows at Pacific fade through the Pacific colours? I think that would look amazing! Love your content bro, awesome to have you back!
What would be cool if each floor was colour coded like the ceiling changed colour depending on which floor you were on as you have already done, and the rest of the floor was themed to that colour :)
“Hermits helping Hermits” needs a Branch manager!
Iskall Is BACK BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Yaayyy your back!
19:21 HmMMm
Try get the Hermits Helping Hermits stream session on your tree!
Will more VH episodes appear on the channel? I don't have enough time to enjoy the streams, and I don't like watching saves of the streams, feels awkward to me, because I cannot interact with the chat even though it's a "live stream", so a regular video made out of parts from the streams is a good way for me to enjoy the content,
tradh
WOOHOO! Welcome back iskall !
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
#wearedylan
Soo mumbo finally freed you from that cage scar put you in?
Is this mumbo? I feel like I have to send a message to make sure he is okay     Says the person who dissapeared off of the face of the earth for months
I was going to say it's a little wrong that beef did so much in iskalls base, and iskall practically did nothing. However he said he will repay him some other way, so I guess it's fine.
F.... Gerald I read that differently
Also 0▪︎0 poggers you're back!
He went for a vacation to the Pacific Islands     And inspiration 😁
Paaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...    ... Watch more             Cific
@iskall85 you're a sucker for using a shovel to collect sand
Maybe request a Triple H live stream to help with the omega canopy of doom.
Hi iskall :)  Didn't you see the great entrance to the tree and the area for the entrance that Beef did make ?   :)
Its ironic, that on russian "pesky" sounds like "пески", that mean sand
GG VAULT HUNTERS SEASON ONE WOOOO
"I can't imagine pink being a top seller... It's just a bit difficult to implement at times " Impulse's base: 👀
Iskall, the system on the first floor from the lobby is much closer to completion, and uh yeah those blocks do break the entire system
Well... if there is even gonna be a episode 100 of this season, at this rate, I am not so sure.
F for Gerald
ISKALL, THE MACHINE MUMBO BUILT IS THE AREA FOR STOCK, NOT FOR PAYMENT. THE PAYMENT IS AUTOMATICALLY TAKEN FROM YOUR ACCOUNT.
We are Dillon! :)
Hey iskall pretty shure the pink floor is one block lower than the blue one in relation to the machines
get all the branches done and ask the "hermits help hermits" to place all of the leaves? that should help you meet your before episode 100 goal!! missed watching your videos!!
F for the fish
Pinkcific
I just love your episodes. You are a funny  skall. You can be Iskallman for beef and still do the things you wanted to do, but at your pace. Just a suggestion
Where is vault hunters
Dude you and Mumbo seriously need to talk about pasifc
Who else thought at first it was Stresses video? 😂 (Because of the "Pink" in the title)
Why he laggin doe?
The return of the Hallo
It feels really good - HMMMMMMMMMMMMMM 19:21
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
The sun looks cool, but wow that pink is pink; not sure I like it.
YOOO I really like the pink sky, I think it tied everything together. You should add some clouds too, make it look like a pink sunset :)
The half man has returned Ladies and Gentlemen, Iskallman
Welcome back!!!!!!!!!!!
I can kinda see a Hermits Helping Hermits event for working on the tree.
Damn I missed you
Btw Mumbos sign was slang and if you don’t know what that is your a bum
HALLO!!!!
I missed that voice
I thought we lost him lol
About time
You are not supposed to put blocks behind the machines that mumbo built.
HALLO! We missed you iskall.
Lol where VH at
Sahara:*is forgotten about* Pacific:*is made*
Return of 2021     who ever agrees like this comment
Did Scar ever terraform the island?
Paaaaaaaa........ cific
For the next season of hermetcraft all of the hermets should choose one mod as a group, the mod should be sum what vanilla
Missed your videos.  Glad you're back.
Glad  to see you back on Hermitcraft, but if you need another break for Vaulthunters season 2, no complaints here.
Welcome back!
Can’t wait to see mumbo’s reaction.
iskall, you should put jungle slabs in the tree trunks in pacific to make the tree seem more curved and connected instead of very blocky and separated
Anyone else notice the late villager sound? XD
No pink!!!!!!
Yay! I’m glad ur back! I missed ya iskall
Oh my god! So Iskall adds the noises of the villagers himself to the video so he can make it seem like they are replying...
Finally he is back! I have been waiting for this and checking the account so many times!
The only reason you are getting positive comments is bots
Maybe you can get some Canopy help on a HHH stream one Monday
He put the pink floor on the wrong level bru
FINALLY
Your face irl and mc makes me wanna commit
Hallo
You can make palm trees coming out of windows in pacific
If you want to generate hype for Pacific, I suggest buying some advertisement space in Aquetown since that's where the most hermits are these days.
iskall is a sucker, he doesnt mine sand with tnt... such a sucker
I love how this is a joint project, and niether of them actually communicate about what to do
21 episodes remaining Iskall! Don’t stress yourself out, but still hurry!
Happy Homecoming to the Omega Tree!!
I freakin' love it when he says "Hallo!" I n ow have a habit where I say hallo instead of hello, even though I live in the US.
The Return of The King
HALLO!!!!!
The man is back :D
Herbert in fallout 3 hates fire soo coal it is
Why not make pacific part shop, part pacific trading hall on the catwalks? It can give some life to the place instead of a funky weird corperate shell, and could be a unique selling point! Lovely episode broskall!
it would be funny if you replaced the sand with cyan or light blue concrete powder
Return of the King
mr skellinten . lol
I missed you :')
I think you have to apologise to Beef for disappearing during the base swop. he did so much to make your tree interesting and you hardly reciprocated.
More palm trees
So good to see him again! Pacific is going to have a hard time competing with aque...
He would make everything look like a tiki br
You should place water next to the windows where you removed the sand, it would make it a lot more like an ocean
15:30 when you realize Iskall built the second floor a block lower than the first
Iskall, the purple in the sunset looked so good!
Maybe have some areas where you replace the sand with blue glass to be like water especially with the concrete underneath
Talk to him on call
The great return of king
Under-estimated 😂
Ah yes, a sand floor on all the high ground levels, a truly Anakin proof store
saAaaAAaAand. oh god this reminds me of Sahara. Pacific is kind of like a smaller Sahara. all it needs is receptionist Grian.
YESSSSSS IVE BEEN WAITNG HAPPY YOUR BACK!
Please more yt videos and less streams i miss hermitcraft :(
Hallo! (My little girl says hallo just like you!) we missed you! Xx
So, you didn't notice having lost all your diamonds?
I like how iskall messages Mumbo about some spelling mistakes but not about the purpose of a thing he encases in a design that he might has to take down if Mumbo doesn't approve lol
Iskall has been resurrected!! On EASTER wink wink my fellow christians
HALLO
Finall Iskall remembered his YouTube password
Can’t wait for pacific to finally open in the last episode of the season
About time ahah
I luv u iskall : D
ISKALMAN IS BACK
Yay he's back!
The return of the king
Finally heard Hallo
Potsdam?
Hallo iskall! Btw the things Mumbai built in the middle are the shopping section of pacific!! Also it’s great to have u back in the server!!
*The return of IskallMAN*
Can I get clout?
"This is why we can't have nice things" Only Swifties will get this
The chests are where the items being sold are housed so no need to add that.
ISKALL YOU SHOULD TAKE HELP OF THE OTHER HERMITS ON THE "hermits help hermits" every monday,  w your tree
HATERS DO BE SUBSCRIBED IT HAS BEEN 6 MINUTES AND 56 DIS LIKES??? (Are you a hater or... what)
Return of the king
You build your layers in different heights in relation to the redstone modules from Mumbo
No one: Mumbo turning Herbert into a crafting table: Herbert Craft
Eat your cereal
Me watching iskall putting the pink layer a block lower than he did the light blue layer.   😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑
If the next ceiling is terracotta and the one above that red concrete and than something on the roof orange concrete you have the same gradient as the Pasific logo, or you could leave out the terracotta and only use red and orange concrete
Haven’t watched the whole video but please make umbrellas out of endrods for light and to fit the theme
poor mumbo will come back and release all of the infested was wasted in pink concrete
16:15 Idea: You could make little floating Islands for each Item you sell (And you can fly to them)
I thought of a slogan for Pacific: "terrifically Pacific."
Happy Easter everyone!
Iskall you should make clouds in the roof so it looks more like a sky
I have been wondering where he went
U made my day iskall😘
#wearedylan
The return of the king
Homie thought I’d let you know get a haircut at Bdubs snips rumour has it their cheap
Don't underestimate pink concrete....
I think you should use prismarine bricks in some places (behind the buttons beneath the chests) instead of warped nether wart blocks
No way...is that .... no way is it......AN ISKAAL UPLOAD!!!!
Iskall and his SAaAnD!!
At first when be said "paaaaa" i thout he was gonna say pasta lol
Well at least one of the pacific members can post a video again. RIP mumbo
Here lads! The iskallMan is back
I think we need another Hermits help Hermits stream! The tree has to be done!
Iskall, follow etho's advice. Use tnt to obtain even more sand easily. Was also proved by bdubs.
Add some turtles and water it will give feel of beach😀
Did u know      .. that you clicked on read more? :O
You should put water on the beach floor where there is no sand
Paaa a a a a a cific
yes! waited to long for this!!!!
I clicked on this video faster than Keralis gambles their diamonds
Stress would love that floor
cALL gRiaN
i feel like you should do blue glass or something on the edges of the level over the light blue concrete
Hey Iskal what happened to the dammand of the last season
yay
here's an idea: instead of iskall leaving the server if he does not finish the canopy till episode 100, he'll have to leaf the server, which means completely covering every single hermits bases (all of them) with leaves, which i personally think will be more painful then just leaving the server. like if you agree.
"aaah thats my youtube password"
iskall messing up mumbo's observer clock ;-;
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ISKALL IS BACK YESSSSSSSSSS
what about a "hermits help hermits" stream? seems like it's every Monday (according to Xisuma)...you could do such a stream with the other hermits for finishing the canopy? :)
YAY HE DIDNT DIE
When he is back and gives no explanasion about he absence *inhales*
Dude just put light blue glass above the light blue concrete with so sand in the middle
iskalls ping kinda bad
When life gives you iskall videos     WATCH THEM CUZ U NEVER KNOW WHEN HE GETS STUCK ON THE ROOF AGAIN.
Those things that mumbo made are actually where you buy the products, each chest is a different item you sell. Buying an item automatically deducts funds from an account (kinda like minecraft coins that you would use to buy skins or maps on the marketplace). I'm admittedly not entirely sure where his design would put the floor exactly. But, hope this helps
He finally remembered the hermitcraft ip address
Welcome back
Iskall finally remembered his password!
I didn't not get it , everyone including your took a January break , yours was a bit elongated and then you uploaded some episodes infrequently , then you got stuck on a roof and after a few episodes you took a there month long break , how were you possibly still burnt out , anyway now that you are back please upload more frequently and make up for it , I will be thankful
14:07 Herbert!!!  The fly which got killed by stressmonsta R.I.P Herbert the fly F in chat plez
YAAAAAAAY NEW HC VIDEO WOOOOO!!!!!! :)
Yay u r back
So pumped to have him back!
Iskall, how about a very long water slide that goes all around the Pacific Tower from top to bottom going in and out of the windows?
8:34 Iskall's a sucker
A cool idea for the interior of Pacific would be to make bigger trees and then have walkways in between in the sky as if it was kind of a treehouse
He finally made it down the water slide
iskallMAN Running here and there and everywhere  Swedish genius beyond compare Look over there Saving the noobs from their redstone scares ISKALLMAN!
Glad to see you’re back in the PINK of health
Skweakskall.
Welp I can’t go to the beach but at least I can walk on the sand floors of the Pacific
Hype for Vault Hunters season 2 yooooohoooooo🤩🤩🤩🤩
Pacific looks like a cactus in a white pot, idk about anyone else but that’s what I see LOL
SCAR AND ISKALL IN ONE DAY?!??! LETS GOOOO
OMG HES BACK
Where's vault hunters? LUL how the tables have turned
It's not stickiskall, it is eeesskalll
Hermits helping hermits. I think it's time they step in to get this omega tree canopy finished :)
i might recess the birch planks into the sand instead of having them be above the sand
Who else noticed iskall built behind mumbos machine that was supose to be empty behind to drop the cost to the payment bank at bottom.
Would love a second channel where we could watch the streams.
Finally, he's back to his Omega Tree (OF DOOM)
YUS! Welcome back! Your videos always make me smile!!   I noticed that the ceiling colors of Pacific are following the background colors of the logo - which is very clever.  You're awesome!!
I think one layer of cyan concrete on top of the sun would look better
All you did was grief three fox by taking all the diorite 😜
Hermits help hermits. Monday stream. Get that canopy sorted lad.
Hallo
LISTEN PLEASE  Blow sand up with tnt and it makes 3-4 stacks PER 1 TNT! Like so he can see . Also if you do see this Iskall please let me know as I have told this to many hermits but they never see. (Which is probrably the same as this time :(
i LOVE HermitCraft but i can't wait for Vault Hunters Season 2 (it's going to be very POGGERS!) also love the Stud-ternal tribute Love your content iskall :D
I suppose that redstone in pacific is shop itself and you have blocked that system a little bit. Behind it needs to be space fir falling items. (maybe mumbo has changed it but that's how it was explaned in his video.
Yay he remembered his YT password!
Fill windows with water
Hallo Iskall! There’s this new weekly event called “Hermits Helping Hermits” where hermits do grindy tasks to help one another. Perhaps they could help you with the OMEGA TREE canopy.
HES BACK!!
19:20
wow  i misssssssssed watching your vids man  where have you been haha
make the pacific floors like water levels like deeper the floor is darker the colour blue is..
Yay an Iskall video!!!!!
i think you should make a purple and green ceiling!
TALK TO MUMBO THE BOTTOM IS TO SELECT YOUR BANKING ACCOUNT OTHER STUFF IS FOR SHOPPINGGGGGG (also love ur content)
It's been A MONTH ISKALL
For the floors if Pacific u could do different themes, like on the pink layer u could have floaties and like a water park theme
iskall:makes floor  pink stress: good anakin,gooooood
Dude the thing in the center IS the shop. Its literally the heart of the shop
Great episodes man But vault hunters isn't bad if someone says so
yes
String man string under sand
The progeny son has returned, welcome back!
:)
4:16 Iskall breaks pasific
Welcome back!
1:50 #lonelyIskall
hey man, its nice to have you back here
You've returned your back and another good thing you got your tree back 😁😁😁😁😁and the last emojis for anything that's funny in this video 😆 and light that pacific up, you don't want another ninja creeper. For the sand floor why don't you use some of those crimes wood slabs the blue ones underneath the sand it would also save space and would drop the sand down one so that you can place like slabs on top of the sand. The things in the middle of Pacific are payment chest or a bank account. And Mumbo is taking a outdoor vacation in the middle of his home and I mean literally in the middle of his home. I almost forgot I hate editing these things but don't forget about your diamonds  in the bunker in the middle of the desert with impulse before the Big Bass swap.
The Return of the King...
[p\-o]0iuiphougupoioh;cg;y9upiholjb    The man is back     well.. ISKALLMAN Is back
Could you try clouds from the white concrete on each level i think it would go with the rest of the beach bit and look cute
Now all those people that have been coming on stream begging for hermitcraft can be happy and iskall can do what he wishes :D
finely!
I like how he just destroys all of mumbos pasific redstone without even noticing
YAY, you broke out of the cage in mumbo’s basement
in theory there are four floors , one is over the watercourses
GG's to Superstud777
He finally remembered his YouTube password
Keralis has the hidden speakeasy, but Pacific has an open air Squeakeasy!!
Am i the only one wondering if mumbo's gonna get mad bc iskall just blocked his unfinished redstone contraption for pacific?
Return of the king
Iskall now imagine some VH fan comes and ask "when is vault hunters" despite the fact you announced it🤣 Anyways amazing HC episode 😁 keep up the good work 😁
Small episode😞
Can you bring back the treasure island in an exclusive segment of pacific , I miss it
simple solution to have the tree done by ep 100, just build the tree off camera then make ep 80
He found his YouTube password
You NEED to add water around the sand to make it look more like a beach it would look so cool
Welcome Back!!!!!!!!!
Problem: finish tree by ep. 100 Solution: spend a month on each ep. Genius
HALLO -
You could place blue  glass at the end of the sand
Where is VAULT HUNTERS?????     (Is a joke, great episode)
Bro im having mental wifi rn
Before: elon are you okay  Now: mumbo are you okay
Iskall man is back
Finally u are back *0*
Use the hermit helps hermits stream to do the canopy
The jokes here are a blast
Ahh he’s back I’ve missed the HALLO
I am living for the hermits appreciating the pink dude Stress had it all figured out from the start 😤
Am I the only one who finds that the design of Pacific is very stressing to the eye?
Wow you lag a lot  It's visible when he's placing blocks, they take about three-tenth of a second more to take one block away from his inventory when he places a block
Welcome back!!! OMEGA WELCOME!!!
I forgot I was subscribed to you dude.
Wellcome back! I missed you! :-) Could you do me a favor, please? Install the flyby talking mod and haunt down Mumbo with some of your awesome, heart warming "Hello!"s? Please??? :-)
Lol, I love it that Mumbo is right all along: you need some kind of exit from the Aquarium.
Iskall making a sun in center of pink would give a sunset vibe. Awesome episode
I clicked the instant I got the notification lol   Good to see you back Iskall
hermitshelphermits live stream of leafing the omega tree
Finally!!!!!!!!!!
Omega missed you!
What is pacific? sahara 2.0
iskall: if i never reach episode 100 i never have to complete it
I thought he forgot he had a YouTube channel!
I don't like sand, it's coarse, rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere.
He messed up the height of the pink roof right?
R.I.P GERALD
The problem of sahara and pacific is lack of coordenation. If it was correctly planned it wouldn't take a long time and be a mess
Something fishy going on with block placement at 8:00
He remembered the ip!
Hallooooo!! So glad you successfully ran Vault Hunters and shared that journey with us. But I’m also selfishly glad you’re back on HC :-) thank you for being you!
Where are the saraha diamonds they sent off last season?
Took him long enough to get of the roof
I think you should check with Mumbo. Placing the concrete in front of the observers could have been a bad idea
Hallo
What if you made a palm tree floor with birds and leaves all over, and also a sky floor with clouds , like as you go up the building you go up in altitude.
Who else wants to see a ceiling pool inflatables hanging from it
Why don't you guys turn off mobgreffing so creeper explotions not do damage
The joke everyone heard a million times: Looks like he found his password
Iskall just remembered he was a youtuber!
Those machines are the shop
And I was wandering what was missing from my life. iskall saves the day again.
Ok ?
Yes!! It feels like forever since he's uploaded last!!
Iskall didn't watch the ending of Beef's episode lol
Just a suggestion, but maybe you could get help with the Omega tree in monday's hermits helping hermits stream?
Iskall wear your amor your amor protect you and you look more cooler with a amor
try a gradient of the pacific colors for the ceiling maybe?
I thought the hermit craft break was so he could get his base back.
... the three hole fox ... 🤣
I've said this before, and I'll say it again, Pacific looks wayyy too crowded. The water feature in the middle feels very unnecessary and makes it look very incomplete
Yayyyyyyyyyy ur da best
PLLEEAASEE pplleaaasseeesomebody tell him to watch mombos video OR these are not payment chests these are were you bye stuff did you forget about the ballance and the sun flowers as pacific money   cause diamonds = pacific coins
He stopped episodes for a month so he could finish the tree before episode 100
somehow... he returned
Hello iskall there is on monday a hermits help hermits for bases  Go ask for help
Iskall have joined Hermitcraft yeahhh... Btw which game is this ? And who r u ? What is youtube ? What is this device on which i am watching ? Who am i ?
If you don’t finish it before episode 100 you can just not upload episode 100 and wait for hermitcraft 8
Pacific is so far a worse Sahara
Ayo I letrally forgot you existed.
Finally
I'm so happy to see you back. I was so excited!!!!
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssss you are back
OMEGA Hermit Challenges Challenge (of doom). Go an entire episode using ONLY gold tools and armor.
Youtube : *Iskall posted a video* Me : Huh.....who is this Iskal guy? Iskall : Hallooo....*Laughs* Me : ......it's Iskall!!!!!!!!! He is backkkkkk!!
The king returns
RIP gerald
Uhmm...doesnt anyone think that iskall should watch mumbo's videos....but then we wont get all this amazing content
Iskall came back after a month and mumbo gone for a month break 😭
He’s back
It’s nice that you’re back Iskall but you gotta repay Vintagebeef for the stuff he did in your base with nothing in return.
Comment
He’s back. The man, the legend, the hero is back. The omega iskall of doom has returned everyone.  :D
The big thing in the center is a shop
sahara :)
"If you aren't using TNT to collect sand you're a sucker"  - etho
Make a glowing sun on the ceiling
What a legend The day after another series ends (VH) yesterday. he uploads hermitcraft Give him a clap.
We missed you a lot! Welcome back!    <3
The king of Hallo has returned
hermits helping hermits = free labor
Hi
Iskall went big brain. If you don't make a video for a month you'll never get to episode 100 and will never have to finish the omega tree
Day 1 Of waiting for a hug from iskall
EARLY                                                                                                                Relatively                                                                                                                                                                             thanks for reading this far, :)
I thought iskall knew how observers work
no one: me : thinking how did iskall  say it cool to use birch pathways  . . . .  . . .. iskall are u ok? :(
Why haven’t you been on for a long time!??!?
Impulse and stress will like the ceiling
DON'T PUT BLOCKS UNDER THE OBSERVERS
The return of the king
When iskall85 said “can you do anything of value” to stickskall that’s how I felt about iskall85 during the base swap😂
1:48  hey iskall, are you okay?
the man is back!
9:13 i got 72 stacks of sand without efficiency and went through about 12 iron shovels
Invite Grian!
Omega!
The Return of the King
RETURN OF THE KING
hes back
I am so exited to see pacific overcome barge in stock
On my server I made a structure with 27 floors each floor 1600 blocks of white concrete
Dude you cant just upload once per month
why am i getting sentimental whenever he talks about mumbo
Iskallman equals richskallman
Love the interior beach
Finally
Upper slabs in sand will be better please
Yay
My OCD when he did the pink layer 1 block too low. Welcome back btw
Well, those are the shopping modules. 😐
Does big redstone contraptions in the middle of Pacific that Mumbo did are the shop in the transaction system
Is it just me or are the ceilings/floors not lined up, also I think those observers can’t be covered up
I’m glad your back, I noticed you were away for a month, got bit worried but happy and relieved your well and back.
Iskall, the back of the redstone needs to he empty, it drops the pacifico to the bank
Iskall can you please make chandelier
17 min 17k people watching
I don't know if I should be happy because of the new video or sad because of the last vault hunter
Welcome back
Idea: for the redstone torches going up the walls maybe you can put trap doors around them to make them look like pipes
You should see about doing a hermits help hermits Monday where hermits help with the canopy
When did you Become stress monster?
F Gerald
i fell asleep and the noise of this notif woke me up, and i was extremely surprised yet half asleep and i just drearily said What The Fud
The Redstone in the middle is the shop, where you choose items to purchase, cashier(personal Vault) is in the lobby. You've been gone so long that you don't remember how your own shop is working? 😂
i was early, 289 views 578 likes  no i did not get that mixed up  its weird when that happens lol  how many people can relate?
Iskall! About the windows. Would you like to add acuariums or palm tree gardens around the windows that don't fit with the floor as a sort of wall/s? It fits the aesthetic but at the very least it's going to be a lot of work.
HALLO
Finalyyyyyyy!?!?
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Who is gonna tell him that the pink floor is one block lower than blue floor.
Hi
The thing in the middle of  the floor is the actual shop...
I am sun ;)
On the beach floor you should create kind of a sunset painting on the ceiling
Did he quote Jacksepticeye at 13:22 ?
Pacific is like Sahara’s little brother... but without Grian to jam the system with potatoes
It would have been great if he also uploaded vault hunters on YouTube.
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
I just woke up. This is a great day.
Finally he remembered he's youtube password...
Syop the passific puns!
FINNALY AN ISKALL HERMITCRAFT EPISODE!!
ISKALL!!! Yaaaaaaay!
The machine is we’re the items to buy will be
Nice to see you back at the grynd lol
iskall is finally back to hermitcraft yayyyyyy!!!!!
Is Ren coming back to VH?
Finally another vids 1month = 1video Oof
HALLO HERMITCRAFT!
WELCOME Back iskall man
Hey iskall, I have been downloading the Vault Hunters VODS, if you can't upload them, is it okay if I will do that? unmonetized obviously.
HE IS BACK... but let him take some rest... he got lot's of work to do.... welcome back @iskall85
I'm just enjoying iskalls complete confusion over mumbo's shopping system
:D
Return of the King comments incoming.... and Im one of them! Welcome back king!!!
DaIskall has returned LEZZ GOO
I see you unalived another fish. Oh iskall haven't you learned yet.
Every ceiling should be a different color of the weird pacific color things
Wtf iskall . You have noo fucking idea how much we have missed you here. Dude each and every day I search iskall85 just to check whether you have posted or not because sometimes notification glitches.
When the world needed him, he returned
Bro where were you
Post more 😔
HE'S ALIVE! WOOH!
I didn't realize how much I missed Iskall
iskall: it's almost like the sand man himself watching as Didn't you now that evry pesky bird is an agent of grian that com to spectate after someone ?
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Beat the notifications! Glad to see you back Iskall!!
The no. of views show that he has been forgotten.
Did.. Did mumbo finally let him out of the vault    WELCOME BACK ISKALLMANNNNN :D
Mumbos redstone build is a shop.
Where you been fool<3 great to see you again
He says he’s back but in 2 weeks he’s back on the vault Hunter server lol we love VH with time skall
♡
FINALLY A NEW EPISODE
Already missed vault hunters
The iskaliam lord has risen from the dead.
The legend is finally back!
Yay :D
8:48
Love to see it!
The way you say "sand" for the first time in video is hilarious 😂
ISKALL IS BACK POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOG
Yes The return of HermitCraft
HALLOOOOO
There are 0 views 73 likes and 4 comments witch I can’t see YouTube what is going on
the vault has bean beaten by the islall pro omega gamer of doom and now hes here to beat hermitcraft pogers?
sir it is 1:10am in my place rn
Welcome Back *IskallMAN*
Umm does anyone else think that the floor will break mumbo's redstone stuff? 😬
what is grian can see through the eyes of the pesky birds and kills them so he doesnt see things
You ruined mumbo's redstone
For light u could do water ponds and use sea pickles
FINALLY AN ISKALL VID!!!!!!!!!
HALLO VIKTOR I know your real name
saAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaand
Happy easter iskall
But VuAlT hUnTeRs SeAsOn TwO  Just kidding I’m happy to watch anything Iskall is passionate about.
Welcome back Iskall...man 😂
Happy Easter everyone! 🐤🐣🥚🍬
who else thinks that hermitcraft is kinda dying?
There is is!!!! Just got back from mass and I get to enjoy some Iskall? Sweet dude! Happy Easter!
welcome back,  man I sure missed your HALLOS. :) and squeaky rubber ducks lol
* Iskall takes the investment diamonds * Ah yes we all know how well that has gone in the past 😄😄
I was getting a bit worried!
I missed the Iskall humor (see intro clip) sooo much! Welcome back! ♥
I didn’t think that the thumb nail was correct 😅
Welcome back lol
There's me looking for a funny comment to say, but the only thing i could come up with was:      Iskall85.To your demise.     Take it or damn leave it.
I just got a Volvo, Spotify premium, and now Iskall has returned. I am having a very Swedish week!
:O
He's not desd
Finally been waiting for two minths
Hi
EEESKALLL MANN!!! Welcome back!
It’s been ages since I’ve seen an Iskall notification
Alright im hyped asf
hey iskall do u live in sweden or do u just come from there.   Hei iskall jeg tror du klarer og lese dette det er på norsk men jeg elsker dine videoer, og jeg håper du fortsetter en lang stund til. hilsen MEG
F Gerald
Our saviour returned
He was one of the fallen from the Blip, now Hulk snapped him back.
omggggggg omggggggg i am soooo happy and sooo sad.... because i saw that little kid being dead in Alvin and the Chipmunks.😭
Iskall you should make a bee hive hanging off your tree and put auto farms inside it
I'm 421st!!!! YESSSSS FINALLY
F
Someone needs to let wadzee join hermit craft
Woo hooooo!!! SO glad you’re back, Iskall!! 😁
The return of the King
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
where are the video's of your mod pack, i love modded video's
“It feels really good -HUUUUUUUHHHH to have my tree back!”
417 comment : )
417th!
What are the Odds Pacific doesn't make a single diamond for the rest of the season?
Iskall or Bdubs... Iskall or Bdubs... ISKALL85 is back!
Pacific has a very specific description
Yaaaaaaay ur back at hermitcraft love the vids and streams also can u do a hermitcraft stream soon?
Ayyyy
@iskall85 was never gone he was streaming on twitch with his opoga series called vault hunters
Hey iskall i heard about the lost connection from hermitcraft same as keralis would you tell the vieuwers about it in the next vid  GG i love your hc and vh content  ceep going
And when the world Needed him most he ... oh, nevermind
Iskall bdubs ... So hard to choose
Finally. Good to see you again
He's back!! POG We missed your hermitcraft episodes <3
yay! you’re back! waited for so long! hope you took a nice break from youtube 💙
Im so happy your back
why does the stream look so weird?
wader slime
Imagine if creepers could wear armour
Hello you beautiful swedish meatball
Iskall worried bout mumbos spelling. Just 1 min ago spelled wader slime
# iskall85 pog
YEEESSSSSSS!!!
I was just playing Minecraft when my phone just turned on and I looked over to see what is was and I spammed clicked it and closed Minecraft
Iskal ! What happened dude?
I turn off notifications watch a an old Technoblade video get bored and ISKALL HAS UPLOADED
Can I get a like from the mastermind himself
Add black stained glass to the windows
OMG You're back!!!!!
Epic I got in the first 400 comments
How and why have people disliked iskalls video
yo I am so hyped
I edited this comment so you never know what I originally wrote. 😈
#FreeMrWaderSlime
When the world needed him most, he returned
LES GOOOO
iskall: Hello Benny, have you missed me? Benny: Not really
Finally i was just wondering where da hecc u were
Welcome back iskall! We missed you!
Ahhh, wonderfull.... bdubs and iskalls video at the same time
Mobs are shoppers
anyone else here from vault hunters?
Youtube: 1 comment Actually: 100+ comments
When we needed him most, he returned.
Yes! Back with Hermitcraft, but Vault Hunters is better🤩
HE WAS GONE BECAUSE HE WAS BUSHED AND WE DID NOT LEAF HIM ALONE
Yeeeeeesssssssssss finally
3 minits pog
Thanks you for the long awaited return iskall!!
I am gonna ignore the fact that he uploaded years later and enjoy the content.
LETSSS GOOOOOO
Hey iskal, i love you. Today on easter one of my family membet died so can you yust Heart this ?
Iskall pog
Guess who's back, back again Iskall's back, tell Grian Gues who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back OMEGAMAAN
1:50, Hey Iskall Are you okay ? Asking for mumbo when he's offline 😂😂
Välkommen tillbaka
pAsIfIC
He is back
Return of the king
Good to have you back
finally he's back
HALLO THERE
It’s been a while
he uploaded woo
Here at 2 minutes after upload pog
The god is back
I'm not first, I'm not last, But when Iskal uploads, Im fast.
Your Hallo is awesome
Where were you???
Hullo
1:10 creeeeeeper omg 😱 so close
When life gives you lem.. Iskall! Legend is back!
The return of the king
First
Screech
That sign reminds me of my youngest daughter lol
Well well well... HALLO THERE
*when you have the second comment but nobody cares because you weren’t first 😕*
Iskall pls add clouds near the top of Pacific
😤😤😤😤😤he returned 😁😁😁😁
First
oh
Congrats to everyone who has disliked these comments from bots
PINK?💕💖🌈
the god is back,i have been waiting for a hallofor long enough
YAY HE'S BACK
Ayyy he's back
HES BACK!
not fair to make us decide whether we watch bdubs or iskall first
It’s so good for more hermitcraft Mumbo grian where are you but iskall came through lol
Iskall man with his baby pacific and a pink and orange Binky for the baby called pacific
Imagine being pinned
You know I had to click straight away ✅✅
pog
To answer your question-Pacific is an ambitious store/theme park on a diaper island with squeeks :)
Didn't think I would have missed the squeakies as much as I did
the return of the king!
Welcome back iskallllllllllllllllll
Du har bara 21 avsnitt kvar tills du ska vara klar med dit träd förlåt att jag skriver på svenska men har alltid haft problem med att läsa/skriva
He be back. Finally!😀
Comment one till iskall replys
Is all were you've been
He finally remembered his YouTube password
Finaly new episode after 1 month😂
HALLO
The return of the king
The return of the king
FINALLY!!!!!
You upload same time as bdubs goddammit
So you're alive?
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
And damn Bdubs just uploaded tooo,   I have never been so happy (≧▽≦)
This is exactly what I've been waiting for
People hallo. iskall hallo. hermitcraft hallo. I’m just happy iskalll is back don’t judge me
Hi skall men 😂
THE KING RETURNS
I’m early !
Its raining outside.
Great to see you back 👍
Iskalman returns
Early pog
Lol after a long time
Iskall you’re back!!!!Keep up the great work!
*HELLOOO* And wader are my favorite things he does this season
reeeeeeeeeeee
he's back!!
Hallo
Well he found his way back to Hermitcraft
Hillo
Yes
Hes backkkkkk
So early there is 1 view and 140 comments.
Yaaaaaaas
kaisanba?
MY MIND: :loading:
Oh god I mean THE RETURN OF ISKALLLL.          HALLO 👋👋
how have you done the blueprints? is it a texturepack?
46th comment
Thank god He’s Back!!!!
Bubles and iskall? What am gonig to do?
Yeeesss love your vids iiiskaaall wader slime
He's BACK!!!
I missed you so much!
finally, a hermitcraft video
One of the 2 best Swedish YouTubers
Pog
Happy Easter everyone
Whooo iskall
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ISKALL IS BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
HALLO
YOOOOOOO, YOU'RE BACK!     BTW 420Th like
Welcome back
And he is back...thumbs up for murrder
Second
Bro we missed you
FINALLYYYYY!!
Hi
I only see one comment but the number is 73
I’m gonna do an opposite and ask “where’s vault hunters?”
Excact same time as bdubs his video
Nice.
not first i guess?
186th
Noice
The king is back!
hello
Return of the king
halllooooo
ISKALL IS BACK  Share your POGGERS with everyone
It’s been a month
Return of the King!
Whoop whoop... Missed you there
Guess who's back, back again
I thought you died
Never Have I Ever:  Clicked within 1 second of a notification  I have.😂
Hmnn..      ...Hello...
He back
your back after a month
No 2
Early squad 🔥🇮🇳🤘💪
Bruh iskall and bdubs uploaded in the same minute let's goo
Welcome back.
He’s Back!!! Let’s Gooooooo
notification gang
OMG ITS HAPPENING EVERY BODY STAY CALM STAY F**king  calm
THE KING HAS RETURNED
hi
158th xD
HELOO POGGGGERS
Who else loving Hermitcraft this season?
Yeeeeeeeessss!!!! Good to see ya!
LESS GOOOOOOOOO
I was scared you would never come back
Return of the king
First
Palm Tree 🌴
Where were you
More vualt hunters !!
Top 45
YES!!! IT HAS BEEN SO LONG!! ISKALL!!!!
Love your vids
ISKALL MAN SAVING NOOBS ACROSS THE LAND
Early
Hallo dudes
Y E S
Yay bdubs  Edit: sorry wrong notification  Edit 2: Yay Iskall
OMG iskall and bdubs upload, that made my day who agrees? EDIT: scar too 🥳🥳🥳🥳
He's back!! <3
AGHHH
Early
MATE ITS BEEN A MONTH
Let’s go
Iskalllll is backkkkkk yay
Hi
Omg video :] love you iskall <3
Yes, finally the Great Iskallpression is over
Please add a squirrel to your tree
Hes back
INSTANT CLICK
HALLO!!!!!!!!!
Pog he is back
74th
Potatooooo
20th comment
Hallo
finally
Omg hes back 🎉🎊
hi
Hallo
iskall friend❤️
Welcome back
Have never clicked so fast 😱
after all this time
HALLO iscall MaN
HE'S ALIVE
Someone needs to make a video of all of iskall’s hallo’s
Lol I’m late
Yaaaaaaas
Kung!
Yay!
First
628 likes  0 veiws  Perfection
HALLO
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Gues whos back
Hello
You dont have an idea how fast i clicked
When the world needed him most, he returned
Hello
Finally the king is back
Welcome Back. We missed you🙂
26th
the return of the king
First
welcone back!!
Yes a new iskall vid
Hi
Finally, I've missed you man
First comment
yessir he’s back
I’ve never clicked so fast in my life
Ahhhh
Yeaaaaaasaaaas
First
Fourth
Finaly a new hermitcraft episode!
The return of the king
2nd comet
Hi
Yayyyy
I am happy man now :D
Mmmmmmmm. Pink. Fabulous.
He’s back he is not stuck on the roof anymore!
ISKALLMAN
Yesss!!!
Hejhejhej
HERE BEFORE 1 MINUTE
First
ISKALLL MAN IS BACK⁉️
Dude Glad Yt Recomends me this video so fast
1st
Yay
Omg I had to watch this straight away
28tg
Second comment
First
Your still alive!!!!!!!
I MISSED TOU DO MICH ISKALLLL (my English is terrible forgive me)
YOUR BACK, finally, OMEGA YAY
YESSS
Ello
Hallo!
Return of the king
Wooooooo
Glad u r back💚
Glad to have you back
Hallo
Hallo!
O
Finally!!!
HALLO
ISKALLMAN
Notification gang
Insta click
HALLO!!!!
Hi
IskallMAN
Yay
Hallo
Hes baack
Happy Easter
First
I clicked soooo fast 😂
HALLO
FINALLY
Hallo
Second
STICKSKALL HALLO
Yesss
It’s about time.
gj
First
first!
THE LEGEND IS BACK
FINALY
Hello
First
HALLO
I've waited years for this
HES BACK!
EEEEE exciteddd
Hi
