We were all cowards for allowing this fascism to take over our country. Never again.
Boris is right
Did Boris Johnson have a dead cat on his head? Or did the cat have some kind of muck stuck to the tail???
Why is this in my recommended section?
Suspicious of the likes and dislikes. Communism is slowly creeping in
March 8 Lockdown to end says Johnson. June 28 Lockdown still in place.
He unleashed a mass murder order... and he will do it over and over again while killing as many brits as possible
How much they paying old Boris to script the  bullshit virus . One percent must be paying him  lots
Ha ha ha ha  ha
This aged like fine milk.
Heartly convey wishes to Mr NAVEEN JINDAL of Jindal steels & JRD TATA. Of Tata steels ,who are saving lackes of people lives at this covid pendamic situvation by supplying OXYGEN  at emergency situation to entaire nationalwide with their greatest efforts &their services.
1000
Luke 8:17 For there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open.  YOUR EYES WILL BE WIDE OPEN AND EVERYTHING FALLS INTO PLACE...ONCE YOU RESEARCH ID2020 and also the World Economic Forum's 'Great Reset'. two arms of the same plan to force us into a China-Model economic/medical prison-society. The 'Reset' is the social-engineering/political/economic arm and ID2020 is the medical-pharma/digital-surveillance arm. Both are operating in tandem to build-up a new globalist vision...where they - the 1% - have total control over the freedom-less 99%. This 'virus' is being used as a means to implement these joint agenda's. ID2020 was officially launched in 2016 - 4 years in advance of covid in 2020...did THE PLANNERS have a Crystal ball to accurately predict the year of Covid-19 ? Both ID2020 and the Reset and the rich and powerful behind them have been preparing for many years to reshape our societies/economies/lives and these changes are all being rolled-out under Covid-measures...Immunity-Passports/digital track-tracing surveillance and mass-vaccinations.
Funny how Lockdown is lifted as Ramdaan starts, the govt and the BBC have reported on a few isolated Jewish places but not the wider practice of Muslims blatantly breaching Covid regulations, I personally video taped the Muslims worshiping and not one of the main stream BBC, SKY, ITV wanted to know, the American, Aussie and New Zealand press did want to know. Learn to know who you cannot critizze as they rule you!
AY AYYY ALTON TOWERS HERE I COME ON APRIL 12TH!!!!!!
Sadly
Can you believe this liar? We shall see. I do hope that weed are in deed on a one way journey to Freedom. Why no mention of healthy living to boost ones immune system rather than a DNA altering 'vaccine'? It's NOT a vaccine! It is, as Moderna put it an 'mRNA platform', basicaly an opperating platform to upload Gates's software to create transhumans by 2030. F**K that! I stay healthy, i stay free, i am a living  man of flesh and blood, not a 'person', devoid of spirit.
YERLERİN VE GÖKLERİN VE HERŞEYİN SAHİBİ YÜCE ALLAH çin doğu Türkistan kardeş lerimizi zülmeden zalim bir terör ve işgalci devleti çin yok olmaya mahkumdur ALLAHIN İZNİYLE zalimler için yaşasın cehennem
Why "lifting"?   Such lies...
Couple of weeks of a small amount of freedom, then back to hard lockdown.
It's a scam we wont meet the criteria it is a hoax. False hope.
Prick! Too early! Let the rug rats suffer with the adults!  And on the 22nd june back into another pandemic spike and lockdown!
When will CEX reopen
none of the restrictions make sense , come on people wake up ffs
this pm is a guy you cant trust so many u turns he needs to go and take his others with him
2 months later after March  Boris: lockdown   Everyone: but didn’t you just give us-  Boris: I said lockdown!
#defundtheBBC  The plan is to open things up as the roll out of the killer juice continues, then lock down again later in the year and blame it on those of us who are wise enough not to have the pokey jabby sticky thing in our arms
We need to open sooner
More lies.
So can I met someone from another house outside from the 8th ?
Why are we not hearing more about Hancock and his cronyism and multimillion contracts to produce substandard PPE and his erroneous claims regarding PPE. We're is the investigation into this potential corruption??
Following a post, related to the death of elderly people admitted to nursing homes in Spain, I did a personal research in Spanish periodicals.  This news is taken from a January 2021 issue of the ABCandalucia newspaper, but similar news can be found in other local newspapers: "COVID-19 IN CADIZ An epidemic in a Los Barrios residence causes 46 coronavirus deaths The Andalusian competent authorities intervened by ordering the inoculation of the second dose of the vaccine to be stopped in the center " If the news is confirmed, it would be interesting to know if the children or relatives of the deceased elders have asked the government for explanations for these deaths. It is clear that such news also affects other European nations, and beyond
Bruh... JUST KEEP THE SCHOOLS CLOSED. Children are NOT going to social distance. Education isn't the most important thing for now, PEOPLE ARE DYING. OPEN UP YOUR EYES. You stuff 30 kids in a classroom and expect the virus to not spread?? I feel so damn uncomfortable and do not want to have something shoved into my throat and nose. Idk how the hell you think things are gonna get better by opening up schools, tables in my class are crammed together and people are literally breathing down my neck, touching my stuff because they're just kids, most of them don't understand how serious this is and they won't do two shits to help stop the spread. The situation is only going to get worse. 'Education is important,' yet people are becoming homeless because they're losing their jobs, why not bloody fix that first??? SHUT THE SCHOOLS DOWN.
Soon as the kids go back to spread it around more like last time. We will have another lockdown. The kids are the problem they need detaining
Hi
The world will look like the one we use to know? What, crooked politicain, bent copper etc? 🤣
Vaccine passport 🤬 there goes the control. You lot still have not woken up. I give it a month and you will be  ORDERED yet again to stay home and close businesses.
For not even calling.myounfesdnplayscjool and bananas.min..teAcher girls apres Bunk Cousin Paul's years
https://youtu.be/LXn8naS6Zuo
Do something for me..you prick and Snow White Sara Coughing Gas joke. Canada. Now..you lying trust fun doing ih
Like a tap, they can turn the economy on and off when ever they like to get everyone used to The New Normal, the Great Reset and the Fourth industrial revolution, this is just a false sense of Freedom, The World Economic Forum, want The New Normal implemented.
I can’t sell the house for an dance group! No one succeeds by blackmailing and chasing.
Check out DIG IT with the Speaker, Edge and Corey's Digs on youtube 🌞
Is indian high commission will start operation from 8th March??
ffs
It seems to me that until now, with reference to experimental mRna vaccines, only the following facts exist: 1) The deaths directly caused by new vaccines; 2) The deaths caused by Covid of people already vaccinated; 3) The billions collected by the pharmaceutical companies;  What remains is a confused series of promises and hypotheses.
Hippodrome Casino is in tatters? Well tell it to the people’s lives you wrecked over the years?
#modi_rojgar_do #modi_job_do #mahagov_rojgar_do
Schools shouldn't be open, stay doing online classes , less chances for infected kids.  Lock down will lock down again, more mixing and people not listening to the rules will make it spread more......  Doesn't help people are wearing masks under their nose....
keeps schools closed
Just how many jobs will be saved in hospitality.
To end this utter shit just stop complying.....
my birthday is march 7 but my best friends is in the 8th.
DZONSON PETUX
they hope all the restrictions can be lifted by the 21st of june. midsummer solstice day, originaly an old pagan celebration. hmmmm, now that's an idea. why don't we celebrate the return of ou'r liberties by storming the house of commons, bundleing all those tyrants into a big van, before dawn, driveing them down to stonehenge, then sacrificeing them to the riseing sun?!, or we could build a big wicker man outside the houses of parliment, shove them all into it, set it alight, then stand there, all in a row, hand in hand, swaying,joyously to & fro, while singing a rousing chorus of "summer is 'a'coming in". now that would be a lot more fun than clapping for the NHS !!!!!
You all hate him but I bet you'll all line up for a jab though won't ya. 😂😂
Bbc propaganda bull.
Laxu3835
Give me advice to area for Arab we are not well come here
Please can you stop the people in East London speicall East ham for been rieces iam the only palestinen woman with n here
Freedom in Summer and back to Lockdown in September ...
germany plans to open up on 7th of March .. (1st of March for hairdressers). see how it plays.
The true nasty people are those in politics. listen:  https://youtu.be/UglREPnqU5s
BBC Sucks😂
Here we go again more lock down again before  Christmas 🎄
So while crisis come's up .Bitcoin climbs lol 😆 Now i say crypto is better than stock investing in crypto should be in every wise individual to do list .
Boring garbage
What about the African variant wen people start mixing the vaccine as little affect Africa gave up on it
He dose as he's told for the far left communist sage organisation.
The positivity is that familys have been strengthened this news is good news.
One-way to freedom,he's talking bollocks as usual .bullshit all the way
Definitely they’re thinking they can walk all over ENGLAND show them they can’t BORIS
We believe you, u turn Boris!
We just have to wait for the next new virus that China sends out to the world.
Every country in this world should lift lockdown like Tanzania
A disaster waiting to happen . Just watch and see what happens . Mass mixing equals Covid 19 taking a huge hold again . More infection. More deaths he said it . Get out of jail free card borris. Pathetic government from day 1 till doomsday .
Whats the poiny for these vaccine passports. Rumours of tonnes of fakes being given around.
Another brick in the wall
In need of a hacker? @james.geoffrey23 his the only hacker I can vouch for, he is really good at what he does. He helped me recover my password for my email, when it was hacked. With quick response and his fast, he gets your job done without delay.
One good thing is no one has died of flu in months.
A mess they created backfired on them because of greed for world dominance's
BREAKING NEWS: Gov considers HANDCUFF MANDATE to reduce the spread of covid through touch. Boris warns not following the science would be 'inhumane'
I understand the political will is there to score with their voters. But lifting lockdown is just stupid. You'll have another spike in covid cases in less than 2 months. A society without mask will still take probably a year.
Lies ... LIES!!!
BBC News are you holding back the real news ?
Bullying is a major violation of peaceful protesters
https://youtu.be/8C-xIA4kWoM
Wow how lucky is every one they destroying life with this proerganeder
And wales is lifted when?
i’m hoping for the sake of my sanity this ain’t BS
I hope we get back to normal
Boris time to liberate scotland
This is going to be funny when it just fails the whole thing we will have do again
I do not trust boris Johnson at all. Since the pandemic has began with vaccination it's very disappointing and disgusting at the same time
British people made the wrong mistake picking boris Johnson as a prime minister. Now we are feeling the weight of this whole pandemic. My advice to everyone please dont take vaccine it's not safe. They have their own plans
Casino peole losing money health get addiction that's the last thing  to be open
A casino going out of business poor them. That's like a drug dealer wondering why nobody wants to buy coke anymore.
It’s hard to feel sorry for the casinos.
That rug really ties the room together
This is great president Mr Boris Johnson I appreciate your responsibility.
We are making progress, covid exists... it is not going to be wiped out but we can now control it. We are in the final stages of lockdown, but we do need to be careful, no one wants to go through another lockdown so we need to really pull together and follow the guidance.
We’re about to reach the snapping point
when we get out of lockdown if they put us back in lockdown something needs to be done
They hate migrants but now rely on a vaccine produced by a Turkish immigrant who lives in Germany.  Irony or ironies.
I would love for them to show families below the breadline, rather than middle class families.
The Big BS Company
I don’t understand why they’re opening schools when we’re going to have Easter holidays soon
Unless you vaccinate the kids....... the numbers will go back up!
Revelation 13:15-18:  The second beast was given power to give breath to the image of the first beast, so that the image could speak and cause all who refused to worship the image to be killed. It also forced all people, great and small, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hands or on their foreheads, so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the mark, which is the name of the beast or the number of its name.  A Sign Versus a Seal In the end times, the mark of the beast will be a sign to identify those who worship and follow the Antichrist. By contrast, those who worship and follow Jesus Christ will bear the seal of God on their foreheads to protect them from the coming wrath.
Downing street dossers.
Cool, anyway
No to vaccine passports!!
Another lockdown is in the hands of careless and blatantly disregarding people  After I year some people are still playing Russian roulette with their own and other people’s lives Look what happened at Xmas when the government tried to relax a little to give people a chance to spend time with the family  Instead of being cautious and observing the rules many people treated it as if we were back to normal  I saw households with 15-19 people gathering and look what happened  One person on tv said immediately after the first jab “I can go on holiday now” Just like in wartime the behavior of the population is vital - then it was bombs and bullets now it’s an invisible virus They all kill you
You lot are saying they’ll put us back in lockdown cus people are gonna act like idiots and go partying and shit. They’re even doing it during lockdown ofc they’re gonna do it more when it’s lifted
We are not safe from this fk virus, but of course if UK wants to lift
This is a violation of our human rights..
I think a vaccine passport if done proficiently could be very effective like in the tiers you had to have the track and trace app to enter some establishments
8th of March I can sit in a class room with 29 other people not even 2 meters apart but I have to wait until the 29th of March to meet someone else from a different household wtf 😂😂😂😂
Wait for the U-turn
They say the vaccine doesn't prevent us getting Covid-19 so why are they saying everyone should be vaccinated what's the sense if we can still get the virus after been vaccinated.
If the government was cautious we would never have been locked down. Yet more nonsense it goes on and on how stupid the government is.
Boris and his government have made a giant mistake locking down the economy has spent millions of £s on vaccines that are dangerous that could cause more deaths than Covid 19. Read Dr Vernon Coleman who has criticised the government for over fifty years. Laws have been put in place without debate. The people have been abused by the government and the bbc, forced to listen to nonsense to cover the stupidity of the government attempting to cover up the truth. There should be a full enquiry into the government and its behaviour towards the people for they should be punished for breach of responsibility.
I know various secret beaches that I’ll be visiting anyway, 2 hour trek. No covid police there.
When I go back to school it will just be the same, no one socially distances and few take wearing masks seriously. We will just get an increase in cases in schools and have to revert back to online learning .
*following the success of the "elbow bump" technique there are now plans to replace the traditional (highly dangerous) "hug" with a bum rub whereby we are to turn and face away from each other and touch bums on this "one way road to freedom"*
So this is how it will go   Boris : *opens up EVERYTHING *  kids : go to school  catch virus come home  give it to there other family members family members go shopping or out pass it to other ppl    Boris announces: *tier 6 and 7 *  Scientists: *we urge boris Johnson to put us in another lockdown *  Boris : *doesn't listen and thinks the virus will take a break *  Hospitals:* packed and ppl dying *  Death toll : *over 300,000 *   And all because this guy with his dry musty hair couldnt do what every other political leader has done and kept us in a lockdown
Don't believe it. BBC is just a media tool for politicians
What If there's another outbreak?
If schools weren’t considered as “essential” they would be the last to open with nightclubs etc.
The Corruption Party DOWN with the TORYS
Zero public trust
Fuck you're vaccines.
https://youtu.be/qY-IFFIVA-k
We Are Working 5 Days Or 4 Days What Is New About Heath Insurance Free Or We Pay For Health Insurance My Comment For Msg 4 You ?????
Boris Johnson: Here are the new post Covid-19 lunch/dinner menus for the Parliament cafeteria. All sales are final. Any exchanges or other substitutions with may be seen as an act of treason, or act of sabotage. Penalties may include fine up to £100,000, public humiliation, and or beheading/ hanging. So...good luck.
Vaccine passports? Y'all gonna let that happen?
Are we good to go for holiday in August without purchasing the testing kit on the return?
Means nothing. Our lives have already been scarred.
Keeping fixed dates for key events of easing restriction doesn't work well, and the govt has made this mistake before, why do they repeat it?
All lies .... Co-Vid, Global Warming and the WHO .... People are making billions out these fakeries ....
Open All Hours :   A poem about the ending of the Corona Lockdown period. In the UK it is Step 4 : On Monday 21st June, for other Countries it will be different but the same outcome.
I am lucky to go there after 8 March
Yous are lucky Ireland is going to shit
Yes we needed another britisch corona variant
do not worry guys. As the youngsters say, I will clutch
Why r we forced to pay for the BBC ?
I Am I Am Sorry About Testing ass Testing ass Is Not For Me Testing ass For All Of Them
We can only be in 'lockdown' if we allow it. Does anybody remember that these criminals serve us and not the other way around? Stop pandering to these power hungry tyrants and things will change.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteous. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
All because one person ate a bat
Event 201 was a fictional corona virus pandemic pre planning and was released on October 2019, a month before Corona virus was officially in China.... It's the wef, who and a  bunch of other nasty groups... It's proven not to be a conspiracy at this point...  everyone wake up... Look up event 201 on YouTube and see for yourself and then go look up the world economic forum. You will own nothing and be happy and have no privacy..... Yay 🤔
FACT: Come the first hot, sunny day, the beaches and parks are going to be absolutely packed. The date is irrelevant. absolutely
I cannot believe that my life depends on boris Hans please lord jesus come back the world need you not the governments
Vaccine passports = Chinese social credit system under the guise of "Health" .  It's as ridiculous as having an Flu vaccine passport.
conspiracy theorists IN THE MUD (like usual) lol
This pandemic was a walk in the park (which should have been avoided) compared to what is to come.
Y'all can go out whenever. However I shall be waiting till next yr until covid rates r so low that it's safe to go back to public venues. However tbh I'm put off going to busy public places as who knows what other dirty germs r lingering around. Ewww.
Ah so I can travel cross county via public transport to attend college where nobody gave a damn about any social distancing and cases were not disclosed to the student body, be a key worker caring for the vulnerable, but not see my loved ones ok cool thx 🙃
British Public are under restrictions but there are NO restrictions for the Illegal Immigrants crossing the Chanel everyday.
These fools need jailing for Manslaughter and infecting... People for agenda....
They will reopen just to close it down again so pointless imagine going through 4 lockdowns
The bigger news is the lockdown of the US capitol area, the virus debacle in the British Isles and anything Johson says will soon be irrelevant. They have cordoned off the DC area with hundreds of USA Marshals patrolling a razor wire fence around the whole DC area. They are working hard to bring up from the underground tunnels the many victims, many of them babies who've never seen the daylight, said to be hundreds in number, many of them dead and dying.  The virus and anything Bojo says now will make him a laughing stock.  Here's the article from an American website. Many Govts. worldwide are being seized and pedo perpetrators arrested.  https://themarshallreport.wordpress.com/2021/01/20/trump-ode-to-the-corporation/?fbclid=IwAR3VONd47MerBmBFe-MGANOCRVT0Fo0sZqt17BEATT7RuMfXhW3iuJgYJ_Y PMB. Elder of England. God Bless the British Isles.
And just so you all know, according to government figure we shouldn't be in lockdown right now, this opinion/narrative pushers wouldn't know that because he is not interested in finding and reporting any fact and only pushing a narrative.
They can only shut it down if you all keep obeying them, we all know what this is about and it's not covid, they will open just long enough for them to all have their luxury holidays and parties and check what independent businesses have survived and then they will shut it down again. One thing good came out of this is covid shut down flu so NOBODY NEEDS TO HET THAT VACCINE ANYMORE. This goverment KILLED Hundred in care home and notice you don't see the so called media demanding justice, BBC AND SKY NEWS ARE AS RESPONSIBLE AS THE GOVERNMENT. RUSSIA DID IT, IT WAS ALL THEIR FAULT AND THE BBC ARE INNOCENT. SCUM SCUM SCUM how the hell do these people sleep at night
That embarrassing POS should be forcibly removed from office. A pissant
Your been played!! They will probably open it then say a mutation has happened, don't be fooled.
Your problems is our concern and its our responsibility to help you solve them. Pls make contact to the designated mail.
Even though it is called United Kingdom but each country system are not United to each other
Legislation, statutes, acts & guidelines are only enforceable with consent; and only apply to legal fictions (The Strawman); You are a living man or woman (people).    You are under no lawful obligation to answer any questions, or do anything the Police Officers say. (Doing any of the above will potentially result in you inadvertently placing yourself into their Admiralty Jurisdiction.)  *Always record police encounters*  Some appropriate responses:  - "I don't answer any questions."  - "Am I obligated to answer questions?"   (If accused of obstruction for refusing to answer questions, or doing as they say, inform them to look up Ryce vs. Connolly - it is not an obstruction.)  - "The Law does not require me to provide that information."  - "No - I do not stand under you in this matter."  If they attempt to convince you that a Statute is Law, respond with:   "The inability to differentiate between a Statute and Law is gross negligence, and is equivalent to fraud (trespass - Common Law violation)".    The most powerful question you can ask an officer:  "Are you under your oath of office?"   This determines whether or not they have authority. The authority ONLY to enforce and uphold the Law-of-the-Land - Common Law. NOT to enforce legislation, statutes or acts.    Do not consent. Do not accept. Do not understand (stand under their authority - this is a language known as Legalese - the language of the Law Society). Do not provide any of your details, as this will be considered as your consent to represent your Strawman (the legal fiction created at your birth) and be subject to their legislation, statutes & acts (which are Admiralty jurisdiction - The-Law-of-Waters).    Common Law is the Law-of-the-Land, this Law applies to the man or woman, the people; and the Laws are as follows: 1. Cause no injury  2. Cause no loss 3. Cause no trespass (there a multiple definitions, it is not just entering someone else's property without consent.)  Common sense - Common Law  The Law-of-the-Land
😂 Boris thinks he's in control all of a sudden everything is getting back to normal  well Christmas is still fresh in my mind let's see what happens next it was ebola not so long ago MRSA before that so go on then Boris what ya guna come up with next or God or some nut job scientist in a laborotory 😏
Can i skip the Roadmap and use fast Travel 🤣
Cap 🧢
Are we allowed to do football
Vaccine passports are not a clever idea! Think about it
Stop dragging it on for fuck sake
No Blair’s health pass-ports
Yaaay  It end  covid19
I could be naive but I'm more convinced about this roadmap. If you watch his address in Commons it's the first time Boris has acknowledged that we can't get rid of the virus, in his words there is no "route to a zero covid britain" and its just something we'll have to live with. He also made a clear point about how each step is "irreversible" so once something reopens, it won't shut again.   His narrative of "beat the virus" has changed to a much more sensible approach of get people vaccinated and live with this strain of coronavirus like it's any other illness
Deleting my old comments bbc 🤣thanks
From house arrest to Marshal law 👮‍♂️WHERE IS YOUR VAX CERTIFICATE
‘Gradual lifting’ Also ‘gradual lifting’: Kids back in school at the start
Last lock down who are they kidding, with children back at school  far tol early in the 8th of March WTF and the beaches packed during the summer.....
These Liars are going Straight to Hell! 😂 No amount of Money is Worth my Soul! Enjoy it for me you lot at the BBC Cast! 👍
They can stick the idea of a vaccine passport at home so far up thier arse.....
This is why i dont like watching the news anymore
The schools must not be reopened. Children are the silent spreaders here and everyone knows it! Give them the vaccinations first then demolish the schools they’ve made infected. Teachers can sell the ice creams in the late spring and summer, then hunker down in the winter. #lockdownsforever
the call for vaccine passports!! thats what ive just heard on the news!! absolutely disgusting this corporation and government. we are now a communist country.
Lmao, the number of cases will skyrocket and they’ll use it as an excuse to lockdown again. They’ll ignore the number of hospital admissions and deaths. They want to destroy the high-street and working class lives - this is the Tory plan. The next stage is to use it as an excuse to go into austerity again!  COVID is very real and dangerous but we have nearly every vulnerable citizen vaccinated it’s time to end this madness. Just enforce social distancing and mask wearing!
School,s to start back and to be tested as they do, my thought to this is good but if the time it take,s to test each child/student why not give the vacine as they enter the school i think this  would be better .
Why are restaurants allowed at any capacity whatsoever? People have to take off their masks to eat, and being without a mask on is dangerous to society. Covid has killed over a million people worldwide and will not take a break just because you are having lunch all restaurants should be restricted to delivery and takeout.
Well done...
Vaccine passport is discriminatory!
The callous bell macroscopically delight because ramie symptomatically peel next a victorious subway. mighty, fine potato
I'm still not clear on when one will be able to use public transport for exercise (not overnight stays) for those of us who have to live in a city but hate it.
where's the profit in actually having a proper quarantine [no not the wishy washy partial quarantine laughably called a lockdown] other than stopping covid-19 deaths and getting business back on track sooner rather than later?
IF we'd had a proper quarantine right at the start it would have been far better and less expensive in every conceivable way.
The vaccine is not 100% effective so  wtf is needed of passport??? What a stupid ideea!!!!
Flatten the curve they said.... BULLSHIT!
They keep stoking the pandemic... And it looks like they are trying to keep it going. I don't think they even knew what the word pandemic meant at the beginning. Don''t forget that entire government is a one issue gang of misfits picked only because they said yes to brexit... another worse than useless tragic farce designed to throw money at the the richest. So why would the conservative party leopard change it's spots? How many contracts have they thrown at their friends and  how much are they worth?
Must be looking forward to throwing our money to his friends for the next wave and variant.
They're gonna keep lying and taking away your liberties until the people stand up to them.
If people think in June that they will never see lockdown again, they need to wake up..
I wouldn't want to come near this 'road map' this goofball geezer drew! You wouldn't know where it's been!
Spot the one true statement...  The government never lies to you Big Pharma cares about your health The vaccine is safe  The government is not planning health passports The government is not planning ID cards  We are coming out of Lockdown  Chocolate is lovely
You should open school
March 8th *2090*
From the 8th of March!!!! Are they nuts or butts?
Oh fuck off end this shirt already
I think we need to make sure we keep this simple -  A new kind of virus/pathogen came along, it killed some people - not the masses, but a small percentage of the population. Those (very elderly/with various existing ailments) were not even the sort to mingle, they were mostly those indoors and in nursing homes. But from that beginning, the vulnerable were not taken care of, and instead, EVERYONE ELSE - i.e those who weren't at risk - were 'taken care' of instead, when they didn't need to be - THEY HAD THEIR LIVES RESTRICTED. This is insane, inverted and psychotic reasoning.    How is it that the ones who mingle the least and are almost already in a kind of 'lockdown' (relatively speaking, via old age and existing illness) became ill with this thing called covid? And the young, for whom it doesn't matter if they catch it/ and most of whom are immune to it anyway, are forced to be locked down (thus creating a much worse damage in their lives).     And I think this is what you might call 'Equity' versus 'equality'. I think it is equity that is being forced upon us., meaning that ALL of us will only be allowed to live based on how the weakest or most restricted in society are able to live. It's like being forced to hobble on one leg just because someone down the road is unfortunate enough to have broken their leg. One day, we will all be old and 'restricted', but society shouldn't be forced into that state prematurely and people's lives held to ransom.
The U.N. Pandemic Plan doesn't end until 2025. They need a new virus or variant to quell dissent.
Sacrificing our freedoms for safety. What's the point in saving lives, if the lives we are saving are just miserable and  controlled?
I think we need to make sure we keep this simple -  A new kind of virus/pathogen came along, it killed some people - not the masses, but a small percentage of the population. Those (very elderly/with various existing ailments) were not even the sort to mingle, they were mostly those indoors and in nursing homes. But from that beginning, the vulnerable were not taken care of, and instead, EVERYONE ELSE - i.e those who weren't at risk - were 'taken care' of instead, when they didn't need to be - THEY HAD THEIR LIVES RESTRICTED.   This is insane, inverted and psychotic reasoning.  How is it that the ones who mingle the least and are almost already in a kind of 'lockdown' (relatively speaking, via old age and existing illness) became ill with this thing called covid? And the young, for whom it doesn't matter if they catch it/ and most of whom are immune to it anyway, are forced to be locked down (thus creating a much worse damage in their lives).  The media showed some images of death. All the viewers became convinced (such is the media's influence) that they were sure to die from this 'deadly virus'. From that fear, planted into the subconscious, the masses were under the control of the unfolding script.   The vulnerable - the ones who should've been cared for - were not cared for, partly because disproportionate rules were made that meant they had to be isolated. The isolation, in a lot (or at least some) of cases, killed them.   However, for most people it's not a death sentence (I know people in their 70's with diabetes who have had the virus and recovered from it at home).  Not only that, but the vast vast swathes of the population who ARE IN NO RISK FROM IT are being persuaded that they need a vaccine to protect them from something they don't need to be protected from!!! And we are being held to ransom based on this psychotic concept.  You couldn't make it up!    There is a school nearby where all the kids (until not long ago) would mix at the end of the day (after isolating/mask wearing at other times), as they left to go home. They mixed with their families at home and returned the next day to mix with their fellow pupils. NO ONE WAS ILL. AT ALL.  And I think this is what you might call 'Equity' versus 'equality'. I think it is equity that is being forced upon us., meaning that ALL of us will only be allowed to live based on how the weakest or most restricted in society are able to live. It's like being forced to hobble on one leg just because someone down the road is unfortunate enough to have broken their leg. One day, we will all be old and 'restricted', but society shouldn't be forced into that state prematurely and people's lives held to ransom.
If he wants to torture the citizens, he shouldn't open so early ...
We should stay locked down forever .its the only way to stay safe .never reopen schools and colleges .never gather again .
So will mosque and its teachings open?
People ye need to wake up and leave the comments like the rest of the world Bill Gates is the man/demon behind this vaccine just say no he is not a doctor he killed people in Kenya and India with he's vaccine and made the rest sterile with it Gates father is the owner of IBM who had ties to Hitler do the research there is no covid gates predicted all this on a Ted talk in 2015 come on people wake up Gates denied being friends with Epstein even doe he spent time on he's island and allso Trump did Epstein hung himself he was caught supplying the elites with under age girls on he's island they are laughing at ye all with this vaccine do the research
These government needs to be thrown in prison!
Boris Johnson policies from the beginning till now,  the high death rate was the key caused by his stupid policy and decision.  He just basically followed stupid Trumps and just be puppet of USA.
What about open places that won't be overcrowded instead of schools ?  Again I say ,,,, TOO SOON MAN .
Looks a right scruff, no self respect, run the country? Even to look at hes an absolute shambles, looks worse than David Charlton off strangeways.
I can smell bull shit from boris they'll be another 2 lockdowns before Christmas so please don't spend money on holidays or anything else its just so they can get money when they get cancelled
You lot are so anti immigrant you voted for boris and look at the mess we’re in now. Corbyn would never have let this happen.  The same people who are complaining about bloody pubs not being open are the same ones who voted Boris.
Vaccine passport = no man could buy or sell without it, ring a bell?! Sneaky, not mandatory to be jabbed but you won't be able to enter a supermarket to buy anything. Discriminated against for refusing medication...?
It's still to early  for some things
Yeah but poorer and wealthier wealthy more tax, low wages coming back more likely slave work going to be taken advantage of by most of the business in the catering area
I’m just looking forward to visiting my parents and little siblings - Thankfully my at risk housemate is getting her vaccines so things are looking up a little bit for the vulnerable too
I laughed the whole way through this! Crackled my butt off. The bbc have always been the best at creating satirical dark sketch shows.   The spin on it being a news story is soooooo funny. Love this sketch show.
Trust me I can guarantee you bet all of my money we will be in a fourth lockdown if we do I’m gonna start laughing how this Boris Johnson gonna deal wid it
We must never return to the old ways of the past,  Wear your masks people. Social distance and STAY HOME !
BREAKING NEWS: UK has returned to a fourth lockdown, March 22nd
Bullshit
Boris’ hair is charming as always.
6 year old Aiden and his mum and dad are living it up in their mansion.
Nation wide protests 20/21 march . Let's end this lockdown ourselves
If the community keeps accepting government restrictions then yeah it's going to be happening every 3 weeks
www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo0hHcDu8SM
Bon Jovi re-re-released his song with new lyrics: "A  shot in the Arm and you're to blame Gatesy, you give Ju's a bad name"
Let's hopefully get some sort  of normality
search google for cdc vaers then click on About The Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) when there follow these instructions TO SEE HOW SAFE ALL THE VACCINES ARE  PRESS I AGREE LOWER IN PAGE click request form group results by vaccine and VAERS ID and SYMPTOMS and tick Adverse Event Description then scroll to 3. Select vaccine characteristics: highlight + covid 19 then 5. Select other event characteristics: under event catergory shift and highlight DEATH and LIFE THREATENING and PERMANENT DISABILTY when all are highlighted press the SEND button some examples below  Found dead at home slumped on the floor; Loss of appetite; Body aches; Feverish; A spontaneous report was received from a physician, concerning a 65-years-old male patient, who received Moderna's COVID-19 Vaccine and experienced feverish, body aches, loss of appetite, and death. The patient's medical history, as provided by the reporter, included diabetes, hypertension, Hashimoto's, smoker, cataracts, atrioventricular block, occasional premature ventricular contractions, and hypertriglyceridemia. Concomitant medications reported included metformin, glimepiride, lisinopril, atorvastatin, aspirin, methimazole, propranolol, and cilostazol. On 05 Jan 2021, prior to the onset of events, the patient received the first of two planned doses of mRNA-1273 (lot number 037k20a) for COVID-19 infection prophylaxis. On an unknown date in Jan 2021, some time after receiving the vaccine, the patient was feeling feverish with body aches and loss of appetite. On 09 Jan 2021 at approximately 21:30, the patient was found dead at home slumped on the floor. According to the paramedics, the patient was dead longer than when his wife found him, and no resuscitation was performed. Action taken with mRNA-1273 in response to the events was not applicable. The outcome of the events, feverish, body aches, loss of appetite, was considered resolved. The patient died on 09 Jan 2021. The cause of death was not reported. The reporter assessed the event, death, as not related to Moderna's COVID-19 Vaccine. The reporter did not provide assessment for the events, feverish and body aches, in relation to Moderna's COVID-19 Vaccine.; Reporter's Comments: This case concerns a 65 year old male patient with medical history of diabetes, hypertension, Hashimoto's, smoker, cataracts, atrioventricular block, occasional premature ventricular contractions, and hypertriglyceridemia, who experienced the serious unexpected event of death, non-serious unexpected event of loss of appetite, and non-serious expected events of fever and body pain. The event of death occurred 5 days after the first dose of mRNA-1273. The events of fever, body pain and loss of appetite occurred an unspecified period of time after the first dose of mRNA-1273. Very limited information regarding these events has been provided at this time. Based on temporal association between the use of the product and the start date of the events, a causal relationship cannot be excluded. Definitive causal association is confounded by age and medical history of diabetes, hypertension, Hashimoto's, smoker, cataracts, atrioventricular block, occasional premature ventricular contractions, and hypertriglyceridemia. life threatening PFIZER\BIONTECH Acute liver injury; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable physician. A 35-year-old female non-pregnant patient received the first dose of BNT162B2 (Pfizer-Biontech Covid-19 Vaccine) intramuscularly, in the right arm, at single dose, on 04Jan2021 at 11:00 AM, for COVID-19 immunisation. The patient had not received any other vaccines within 4 weeks prior to the BNT162B2 vaccine. Relevant medical history included hypertension and drug hypersensitivity to amoxicillin; clavulanic acid (AUGMENTIN). Concomitant medications included labetalol; ascorbic acid, betacarotene, calcium sulfate, colecalciferol, cyanocobalamin, ferrous fumarate, folic acid, nicotinamide, pyridoxine hydrochloride, retinol acetate, riboflavin, thiamine mononitrate, tocopheryl acetate, zinc oxide (PRENATAL VITAMINS) and cetirizine hydrochloride (ZYRTEC). On 10Jan2021, at 12:00 AM, the patient experienced acute liver injury and hospitalization was required (duration of hospitalization: 1 day). Treatment was received (supportive care for acute liver injury). Prior to vaccination, the patient was not diagnosed with COVID-19. Since the vaccination, the patient has been tested for COVID-19 (Nasal Swab) on 17Jan2021. Covid test result: negative. The adverse event was assessed as serious (Hospitalization, Life threatening illness). Clinical outcome of the adverse event was unknown at time of this report. Information on Lot/Batch number has been requested.; Sender's Comments: The information currently provided is too limited to make a meaningful medical assessment hence, the events are conservatively assessed as related to the suspect drug BNT162B2 until further information becomes available. The impact of this report on the benefit/risk profile of the Pfizer product is evaluated as part of Pfizer procedures for safety evaluation, including the review and analysis of aggregate data for adverse events. Any safety concern identified as part of this review, as well as any appropriate action in response, will be promptly notified to RAs, Ethics Committees, and Investigators, as appropriate.  VAERS is the national monitoring system that accepts reports of adverse events after vaccination. The system can quickly detect possible safety  Death MODERNA Patient had mild hypotension, decreased oral intake, somnolence starting 3 days after vaccination and death 5 days after administration. He did have advanced dementia and was hospice eligible based on history of aspiration pneumonia. Death MODERNA My grandmother died a few hours after receiving the moderna covid vaccine booster 1. While I don?t expect that the events are related, the treating hospital Death MODERNA Resident in our long term care facility who received first dose of Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine on 12/22/2020, only documented side effect was mild fatigue after receiving. She passed away on 12/27/2020 of natural causes per report. Has previously been in & out of hospice care, resided in nursing home for 9+ years, elderly with dementia. Due to proximity of vaccination we felt we should report the death, even though it is not believed to be related. Death MODERNA Patient died within 12 hours of receiving the vaccine. Death MODERNA After vaccination, patient tested positive for COVID-19. Patient was very ill and had numerous chronic health issues prior to vaccination. Facility had a number of patients who had already tested positive for COVID-19. Vaccination continued in an effort to prevent this patient from contracting the virus or to mitigate his risk. This was unsuccessful and patient died. Death MODERNA At the time of vaccination, there was an outbreak of residents who had already tested positive for COVID 19 at the nursing home where patient was a resident. About a week later, patient tested positive for COVID 19. She had a number of chronic, underlying health conditions. The vaccine did not have enough time to prevent COVID 19. There is no evidence that the vaccination caused patient's death. It simply didn't have time to save her life. Death MODERNA Prior to the administration of the COVID 19 vaccine, the nursing home had an outbreak of COVID-19. Patient was vaccinated and about a week later she tested positive ETC ETC ETC
BEN THOMAS WILL BE OUT SOON FOR BBC WALES AGAIN SOON
I live in England. My parents live in Scotland. My father recently had a heart attack. In the worst case scenario,  there is still a limit of 20 in funerals there. Will I be penalised for travelling as an individual in that situation? These are the sort of situations many people are facing.   We can never take for granted how much we sacrificed in this 'Covid Generation'   Labour may be right - we may need a 1945 'rebirth' moment
😂
Mark my works   November we will go back in lockdown 4.0
Call me a callous shit if you want but I couldn't give a toss about the owners or employees of casinos. Calling their activity work is an insult to those who do real work. As for the idiots that play in casinos there are plenty of other charlatans operating scams only too willing to part you from the money you evidently have too much of.
Liars and tyrannists. Our freedoms are never coming back, people have given them away so easily and it will be a generational fight to get them back. This, unfortunately, is simply the government and big pharma loosening the leash a little bit so they don't have a backlash in the summer. They can justify endless lockdowns with the excuse of virus mutations, permanently now that the precedent has been set.
the UK govt should have taken over a nationwide programme, not let Scotland and Wales have separate programs where they try and compete with one another. BRITISH citizens should enjoy the same rights everywhere on the island. not ruled by wee krankie or the clown in Cardiff.  Boris wants to do a Worzel Gummidge impersonation  in Westminster. get your girlfriend to cut your hair, Boris..  The Uk govt are relying on experts who are always wrong. there is little risk in schools - and even less risk in pubs! - opening up is the only answer and it should not be so slow..  its still 4 months!!!  how many businesses will be doomed by then. how many more unemployed.   the death rates have dropped off a cliff .. we cannot wait for ZERO - 1500 ppl die every die in the UK from various causes..  we didn't shut the country for seasonal flu, even though thousands die every winter - except apparently this winter where it appears noone has died of seasonal flu . odd that????   well the bbc will carry on running govt propaganda -  it won't save them either, the tv license is doomed and so is the bbc. their deserved end is nigh!
Vaccine is the only way!
LOL.....what happened to those 2 weeks you promised ...
Lies! Two days after back in knockdown due to outbreak of galloping dandruff. Wake up it's all about prolonging a dying fiat currency system.
What's going on is a load of bullshit lies... They is no virus. Sorry just a test to see how many brain dead sheep do as their told....
my arse
Fix that hair simply horrible
This is nothing to do with Johnson this is all down to evil bill’s little helpers whitty valance and sage this has to stop now it’s just evil. They have never stopped flu and they are making no comments about adverse effects from the vaccines
4:13 not all vulnerable people have been "fully" vaccinated, they have had there firsts but not second...  furthermore we can't be totally sure they will all work.  think about the hospitals
You lot are pathetic.  We're finally getting out of this and all you can do is see the negative and just moan.  We wouldn't be in another lockdown if you lot had just listened and bloody stayed home.
Just think back to where we were in November 2019 and now! We have a PM who is owned by Bill Gates and MSM telling the citizens of the UK you are OK to go out of your homes soon. BUT I may change my mind if you are naughty and the figures (That the loony lockdown SAGE ADVISORS can manipulate) rise. Welcome to DYSTOPIA UK - Sorry I am not buying the narrative.
Boris has no intention of handing freedom back to the public. Him and all the lying scum in the government will enjoy their summer, then say there's a new variant so we'll have to make sacrifices again and go back into lockdown protect our NHS save lives Same old crap as always. This will be never ending to the public say enough is enough.
Viruses show the importance of a parent that can have the ability to "stay at home".  Don't get me wrong both parents need purpose in there life, that is active.  But if a family can't comfortably have one of there parents have a part time job then we need to work on that in the UK.  During the past war times we found out that mothers/parents do not need to be at home 24/7, but the first major problem this century has showed us that we do need a parent that can stay at home.
DEFUND THE TOXIC BBC.
such a shame to see casinos struggle, are you kidding,, i am sorry for the staff who work their but if all casinos went backrupt the world would be a better place for many many lives.
A LARGE MINORITY will not have protection..... A large minority? 🤣😭
wake up people
its bs..lift it all now. s c a m d e mic
What is a large minority?
lockdwn will properly end in 2027
I am not going to school until barber shops are open! I'm not going to skl looking like a porcupine
Lies. We are heading to an Orwellian totalitarian state. This virus has been based on inaccurate PCR tests with very low accuracy. The whole foundations of this pandemic have been based on inaccurate testing to amplify the figures. It’s about ushering in the new world the elite want. If you cannot see this then you are part of the problem.
They gave months like are days. For them is easy, obviously they don't live on a weekly pay. I wonder how well they think about it when these rules are made.  Since we will have to live with this virus, why bother respecting all these non sense?  Why I can't have a haircut when people are gym packet in Asda? Why wear a mask than can't stop the virus anyway? Why get a vaccine that can turn me in a spreader? This make no sense anymore. It's just frustrating
Time to see a hottie naughty on the beach
Goebbels's kids is BBC. if you want money for your lies, you have to go fucx yourselves
Remember this "no such thing as a covid free future" they will lord this over your heads and use it to control you, for as long as you are willing to listen. There is more evidence of bigfoot than there is of covid. At least we have out-of-focus really grainy pictures of Bigfoot.
This spineless leadership is pathetic
Boris tell us something about your father, depopulation's fanatic
EVRERYONE GOING BACK TO SCHOOL WAIT AND BAM NO SCHOOL ITS ALL  A LIE DONT BELIEVE THIS WAFFLER I WARN YOU!!!
The WEF and SAGE are in control, not this idiot
Seems a bit soon if they don't want the same thing to happen again. Maybe wait till we're like 2/3rds vaccinated first?
you can apply mascara, but its best to apply it only to mids and end, not the root of the lashes. but you should curl them to hlep blend them.
Lashbase is based on the same thing and is cheaper i believe, but not sure if this is available in the US
If there was any justice in the world at the end of this scam, there would be Nuremberg type trials and many from the BBC would be getting long jail terms in soviet style work camps!
I bet he will change his mind
:)
The medical nazis will keep finding new variants until the economy is destroyed and we are all dirt poor
It’s so easy for them to control now with this new “Variant” any time they want a lockdown from now on. Oh sorry everyone the Zimbabwe strain has no cure get another vaccine!! Oh sorry everyone the Trinidad and Tobago strain has no cure get a vaccine!! Watch this space..
The potato in a wig is as trustworthy as a five year old in a sweet shop
Funny how he's doing the exact same method as last year thinking everything will workout (vaccine doesnt even work properly!)  Aaaah but wait once he reopens schools cases will rise and he'll refuse to lockdown agaij and we're back in the cycle
They said vaccine passports are not being used for our economy in our country don’t you listen
so much for liberty. An inept and corrupt government has ended basic freedoms being a given in the UK
it seems we are not allowed to get ill now and panic sets in if people die people die and are ill every day  that's just a fact of life
Why is a bbc video using the American date format?
The best news would be that Boris Johnson is "locked Up"
All the people bitching and moaning about this all being bullshit are the same people who were taking the piss with the first lockdown - so yeah, take the piss again and we will be in another lockdown. Everyone's is fed up, everyone's suffering so suck it up and get the fuck over yourselves.
there is a word for them lying   #@#@s he is just taking the piss  CLOWN
Thanks to gina carano I get back my holiday #justiceforgina #justicefortrump
Why are you deleting my messages BBC The link is to YouTube, it's safe! Dont be embarrassed by your past technical difficulties, it was amusing  We need a laugh these days
I think I'm gonna stay in lockdown until I get my jab!
how comes we stopped clapping for the nhs?
This scumbag needs to be in JAIL
The kids will be in school 3 days before another lockdown.
This just makes me laugh 😂  Get ready for yet another lockdown just days after the school's reopen and heading back to square one.
Vaccines passport. I though that wasn't on the table..
Why don't kids do zoom calls  and who wants to bet that well be in lockdown  again :)
Fuck you boris and Fuck you bbc
Need to open gyms on the 8th tbh i dont care about anything else
boris ain’t learning anything, he even knows opening everything = higher covid cases. he doesn’t learn anything.
As per today: - In Argentina, 6000 cases a day: Nightclubs, restaurants, bars open, no travell restrictions. - In Italy, 9000 cases a day: Restaurants and pubs open with restrictions. - In Spain, 10.000 cases a day: Entertaiment, theaters, restaurants open with restrictions. - In the UK, 10.000 cases a day: Complete lockdown.
This rumours going round that the government created the virus to steal all our shoes. I’m not even kidding, my mum woke up and her shoes had gone, later in the day she saw Boris using one to comb his hair
Hey England, did you really discover China? Do you know what happened? China was a woman that Karl Marx killed. Remember, when you let him live with you? Did he rape you? Why didn't your Queen do something? Why was your Queen making money off of the Communism? Oh! She is the Queen of Communism! Good for you! You're so accountable and transparent.
Klaus Schwab will put a stop to this beforehand.  He is pulling "Blow Job" Johnson's strings, along with all other government's around the world. NEW WORLD ORDER!
deja vu anyone?
The sad thing is we wait for a man who is our "Leader" to tell us when we can live our lives again. We really are sheep and we really are on a totalitarian roadmap
A casino owner "its business owners  like us" hows about you put some real business owners that are suffering or have lost everything they've built from the ground up on the BBC
I don't agree with any vaccine passport and nobody asked or even care
Where do I place my bet that there is another lockdown coming after the first day gets packed beaches & public places?
Lol you de realize if you release lockdown covid will just come back again
suicides are probably more likely to occur than corona at this rate
Well, time to move to New Zealand, at least they can run a country
Lies, lies and more lies. Remember it was just three "weeks to flatten the curve"...11 months ago!
i be glad it will be over soon all the stress  i had   i  cant  waite  to get a jab to i scared to go out  to be safe
This Lockdown is a smoke screen for what is really coming. If the Government really care about people, ( Then explain to us who made Covid19 and started the infection process). Covid19 didn't just fall from the sky..! Can't fool me.
Like we are supposed to believe this crap?, You just know that they will discover a new 'make believe' variant & pick a place name out of a hat, I suppose its all down to what Klaus Schwab & Bill Gates tell him what direction their agenda is going to take & for Boris to follow.
Respected Prime minister Boris Johnson  Sir I have one good plan for undocumented immigrants issue.. allow them to stay and work in uk and pay taxes upto 50% of their income without getting any benefits upto 12 months period .. this way  government will generate billions of pounds revenue in tax form without any pressure and stable this economy.  This plan has 4 big advantages  1st.. full data will be available  2nd.. all people will be vaccinated  3rd.. big revenue in the form of tax will be collected  4th.. crime rate will be low  Any body agree with me ??
Liars
At last we can start bring this sorry media instigated madness to an end. Hopefully the BBC and other media outlets will be reprimanded for their panic inducing reporting in the public enquiry.
WAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND ...WHY DO U NEED VACCINE PASSPORT IE  WHEN U GET VACCINATED IF ITS GOING TO WORK N ... N IF U DON'T GET VACCINE WAT THEY WORRIED ABOUT.... THEY WANT CATCH IT IF VACCINATED OR THERE NOT TELLING US THE TRUTH 😕
It will be very hard for school kids to study when wearing a mask. The masks can become very uncomfortable at times and the thought of doing school work with one on is beyond belief,
Surprised pickachu face
@Boris Johnson is a buffoon who is creating genocide, and who is taking human rights away from people, he is a CRIMINAL, who get tries to take people's freedom, freedom of travel, freedom of free expression, freedom of traveling without restriction, etc, etc... He's trying to do all this by trying to introduce the vaccine passport, so, Boris Johnson, you can shove your vaccine passport where the sun don't shine!  People have rights and people are not your puppets. And @Keir Starmer is another buffoon who will be removed at the next general elections, for all his stupid ideas and for trying to box people and stop them from exercise their rights..
Lol! Hope school opens
So how and when do students like us in colleges and school kids get a vaccine huh? Because I ain't paying for shit!
When school starts the cases will jump to like 20 k daily in a week
Over my dead body will I be having a vaccine Passport or a digital link. Search the new Digital Trust Framework in plan
Live your life.
These corrupt beaurocrats want to inject your children!
People have died of the things they always die of,it’s been renamed ‘covid’. Death often occurs in old people after either an infection in the blood or lung — cold/flu leading to pneumonia. You have to die of something. However in care homes last year many deaths occurred under very suspicious circumstances.It was claimed to be ‘covid’ of course but autopsies were refused and some of the symptoms were definitely not virus related.How many of these people had flu jabs??? Now this ‘vaccine’ which isn’t a vaccine is killing many people in care homes — first hand reports of 80+% increase with those who had the jab. Now they want to ‘vaccinate’ young children!!!
Boris changes his mind more than a woman ....irriversable roadmap my arse
His names not even Boris, it's Alexander. Why would any sensible person believe anything this potato in a wig ever says?
Whales Scotland and northern island have their own ..... arrangements lol he made it sound like we were getting them murdered
I do not believe a word from the 3 stooges or the BBC.  I will believe I have my freedom back when I see it.
Seems a bit ironic that boris doesn't wear a mask yet he's enforcing it everywhere else
Why would you wait until the 12th April to open gyms?
Boris has been paid by China, now he can open country back up.
IF!?
Here we go again
This does not change the fact that in Antartica there are 21 million penguins and in Malta there are 502,653 inhabitants. So if the penguins decide to invade Malta, each Maltese will have to fight 42 penguins.
March 8th my bday!!!
--digital road,,,, digital human rights,---- Digital sensors (abiotic/biotic) reincarnation. Map, Cyber security 2021a.d.
All the news reports from Wuhan at the start of the coronavirus con had images of hundreds of dead and dying people in the streets and aggressive collection of ‘infected’ people from their homes. Yet none of these images were seen anywhere else in the world. Wuhan aggressively locked down the whole city and reports in the alternative press following the WHO investigation, had images of steel bars on the windows of the 1000 bed hospital built in 7 days in Wuhan. Reports indicate that a member of staff stole a bio weapon from the Wuhan Laboratory and whilst trying to sell the container of bio weapon to an American, dropped the container allowing the virus to attack those in the meat market. Fortunately the lock down contained this bio weapon. However, the world thought the lock down was the only way to tackle the ‘Covid 19’ virus (the annual flu virus) and the world followed this strategy, destroying their economies in the process. I gave a link to the relevant reports on my first attempt to post this comment but was refused permission to post! Worldwide the total number of all deaths from all causes for each country in 2020 was much the same as previous years.
The fact he can shut ur life down whenever he feels like it should say something to u U r a slave owned by the state and theres nothing u can do because ur grandparents gave in they're guns The americans have a chance to stand against a tyrannical government
Boris look at me I can do what ever I want. Us why is there no criminal lawsuit against him
The Virus Isn't Dangerous.
Youtube playing with the like 👍 button again,who belives this crap.
Yeah.... I'm going to press X to doubt on that one.
BBC at it again,spinning bullshit and lies.Show the BBC how much you dislike their lies,Cancel your TV licence today.
So, max 6 people are allowed to meet outdoors and about 30 kids in 1 classroom, hah, dont make me laugh
Nice 720p in 2021 great graphics!
School uniform shown with an Asian family well done  B B C............what else can we expect now......
@5:12 You can expect not to win a dime when they re-open. Gotta make their money back 😄
Guys let's be optimistic...
I want to stay in lockdown  Please carry on paying my wages as I sit at home watching Netflix and boozing Absolutely great good time are about to go forever
borris is such a bent boy, schools and all that will be open for a couple of months and then it will be closed again because loads more people wouldve been infected. i think he shouldve made an option of staying home or going in school, so if u think u cant go in because u might get covid, then dont go in. but if you think you might get it then dont go in
We are never going back to mormal massive lie. Why would u want to? Old normal was seriously flawed. Need a new normal without these bloody cretins in charge
We all know this is a load of shit and will utirn us stright back into lockdown. Fuck boris and fuck vaccine passports. Its clear we are gonna have to fight for our freedom back.
x No set dates given, " No sooner than 5 weeks" ??  and 3rd review mentions " covid status certification"  (  Passports) for recreation,work, travel?  Boris you have to go.
Funny to see all the cowards with the tin hats on shouting conspiracy hiding behind their phones and computers 😂
Why would u make a map of the exact days restrictions will be lifted even though you don’t know what will happen when schools open?
March is far too soon. We should wait until 2024 at the earliest. Stop being selfish & listen to the scientists.
gyms april 12, can't wait. dumbbells and a bench isn't cutting it for me
ITS YOU MEDIA LAIRS WHOS PUSHED THIS COVID19 BS ALL THE WAY. YOUR THE VIRUS
Bollocks!!
This is a joke, anybody who supports Boris Fatson should be ashamed of themselves. The amount of deaths he's caused. the fact he shook NHS workers hands when he had the FAKE VIRUS.... He isn't fit enough to be Prime Minister and it's time to kick him out..
Lol as soon as the overseas airports are open to uk passports  I’d leave the Covid riddled England immediately!!
The Cult. Agenda 21
Boris is a coward.
Ok he said schools are safe so why have they got to wear a face mask all day. You said we won’t need a vaccine passport and know your saying we need passports what the fuck. You are always talking about the vaccine so why haven’t all the mps had their vaccine.
The main reason why these lock 🔒 downs happen is because there's a couldn't give a shit part of society who just don't care if you're mother father grandfather grandmother died selfish people who don't care let's get it right .
If we end up in another lockdown. I can literally see windows going through. Armed chavs with pencils walking around😭😂
End the Deadly EVIL Lockdowns....now !
Status of COVID-19 As of 19 March 2020, COVID-19 is no longer considered to be a high consequence infectious disease (HCID) in the UK.  The 4 nations public health HCID group made an interim recommendation in January 2020 to classify COVID-19 as an HCID. This was based on consideration of the UK HCID criteria about the virus and the disease with information available during the early stages of the outbreak. Now that more is known about COVID-19, the public health bodies in the UK have reviewed the most up to date information about COVID-19 against the UK HCID criteria. They have determined that several features have now changed; in particular, more information is available about mortality rates (low overall), and there is now greater clinical awareness and a specific and sensitive laboratory test, the availability of which continues to increase.  The Advisory Committee on Dangerous Pathogens (ACDP) is also of the opinion that COVID-19 should no longer be classified as an HCID.  The need to have a national, coordinated response remains, but this is being met by the government’s COVID-19 response.  Cases of COVID-19 are no longer managed by HCID treatment centres only. All healthcare workers managing possible and confirmed cases should follow the updated national infection and prevention (IPC) guidance for COVID-19, which supersedes all previous IPC guidance for COVID-19. This guidance includes instructions about different personal protective equipment (PPE) ensembles that are appropriate for different clinical scenarios.  Definition of HCID In the UK, a high consequence infectious disease (HCID) is defined according to the following criteria:  acute infectious disease typically has a high case-fatality rate may not have effective prophylaxis or treatment often difficult to recognise and detect rapidly ability to spread in the community and within healthcare settings requires an enhanced individual, population and system response to ensure it is managed effectively, efficiently and safely
Moronic strategy to announce a schedule on a pandemic, just more wishful thinking.
Anyone still believe this is about the virus!?
And then by the end of march theyll put everything back in lockdown again because the "cases have risen"
Why have a vaccine passport for COVID and not influenza? They are both equally as deadly.....welcome to the new world order, enjoy your stay..
Fuck that I'll do what I want when I want
I don't believe a word that comes out of these liars anymore...
Why all the BS, why didn't Boris just say it will be at least another 17 weeks of lockdown? Enough of this nonsense if I want to go out and travel or meet like minded people then I will do so as is my right under commonlaw. Also does anyone recall any announcements affecting charities?
Government are scum, the BBC are Scum!
If it really does go away this easily that means it wasn't so serious after all
Foreign travel restrictions to be lifted just in time for Parliament Recess to allow hard worked Politicians on full pay to get away for a well deserved holiday. They believe large crowds will be there to wave them off.
"Such as there are with flu" . This pandemic was planned.
Vaccine PASSPORTS? Id he f***** JOKING? We are NOT animals!! AND WE HAVE RIGHT TO TRAVEL AND NO ONE SHOULD BE FORCED TO TAKE ANY MEDICATION AGAINST ITS WILL!
Lol did they walk around random locations with a green screen? 😂
What do you mean a shield around the population, you've have your hairy maulers around my neck for 12 months
Shops will open, what shops, only the one's that are open now.
The educated cathedral rahilly hunt because lizard nutritionally box amid a damp bank. rich, rural tongue
None of them wearing mask
its inevitable that we will all. go out at once and drink and eat. then "a new varient deadly 9000" will be spoke of and ta daaaaa another 3 months lockdown. so. predictable. i predicted many moves and they all happened.
Playing pattern games, control the nation control th3 system, kill depopulate slowly.  Data  shows it's possible if nation is desensitized by deviding and dominians ruling.  Capitalizing on the variants
Have you lost you job chief
These politicians present their selves like "we are Gods" and we can give you "Freedom " it is only s#tanic regime God will give "all these ones" His judgement!!! Let it be!!!
Its time to be optimistic about the future. Stop this negative stuff
How about flight and travelling?
I'm getting sick of those idiotic serious faces and voices spreading profanity of biggest fake MP in UK history
vaccine passports. told you
This is all, time-consuming sham. Too many lies already, for me to put any faith in what this man and his colleagues say. They cannot allow anything like a return to normal, for in that secure state we would make full enquiries into the motivation for their criminal actions. They must keep this going or it is very long term jail for them. In most places, in the greater part of history, they would be executed for the treachery they have shown towards the people they are supposed to serve.
basically do what u want (like this current one lol)
Hope now people won’t vote for these dirty politicians who arrested the whole population only for selfishness and enjoyment of this authoritarian regime.
so all this will be over on the date in june just makes you think there isnt a virus on this day in june the virus has gone, what a load of bullshit this government is, the virus
this will go downhill soon 😃 we'll be back in lockdown again .
Lockdown lifted right into another tier system imma betting then they will “discover” another new strain that’s even more contagious than wildfire so back into lockstep, I mean lockdown. Only time a politician lies is when his/her lips are moving. Remember our government has agreed to carbon neutral by 2050 and year on year decreases till then so this is why we have the new normal.
lets put this shit in their front wear it belongs see how they like it
time to lock up bojo the clown and his group of clowns for corporate murder and treason and take the BBC with them for propagating their agenda before they murder the rest of us
Just  to say ...I only read the comments !!!!!   Haven’t watched any MSM  since last year .....can’t bear it !!!!!!           The comments were mostly completely satisfactory ..... keep waking up folks !!!!       Doris is a demon  , trying ( badly )    to impersonate a tousled cherub !!!!!!     ( same thing. In my humble opinion ) ....... watch Martin Liedke utube
15 million vaccines and a trillion masks later.......... still locked down, numbers still high....... what nonsense
Guess what - they’ll claim to be heroes and that all the lockdowns and masks worked (which they haven’t) no less we’re out of the winter. As soon as October comes - get ready for another lockdown
There will be more lockdowns...
boss: 250 people made redundant also boss while sitting on millions while 250 people have nothing: it is business people like us that are suffering
Boris the NWO Puppet
Hmm anyone else feel like they’re in a fallout vault experiment? This is a new data gathering opportunity
Please remind me, when do we go in Tier 5?
This guy chats so much shit that i don't know weather to offer him a breath mint or a toilet roll
Lockdown? What lockdown? There is lockdown in uk? rofl didn't notice! All out, all in groups and no restrictions been kept, apart that people wears mask in shops! Everything else here like normal day without covid!
Get ready for lockdown number 4 and 5 and 6.And this clown and his so called experts will.Blame the public there's a new strain of bs from Japan.Pathetic how this has been handled.
Say no to vaccine passports 💯 we need to vote out tories ASAP and find a reform party that will serve the people, not just fill their own pockets.  Remember restrictions on movement because you won’t take a vaccine is illegal in Human rights act 1998 European convention on human rights
Upsetting that they gave ingo the bullying to open schools, cases are going to spiral and we will be stuck all over again
A large minority will not be vaccinated 😂 anyone else see the problem there?
not right a governmènt  has the power to kill the peoples rights and freedoms  . they have taken away what will never bd giving back ..
If we accept vaccine passports we set the most horrific precedent for our children, condemning them to violations we never had to endure, how disgusting.
Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies.
How was the compound variant of seasonality negated? In the summer there was no masks, no social distancing and little to no covid.
Do not him down all the time people he is tryng to get back to normal
Not true!! Something big is coming!!!
Open pub for euro . Close pub after euro.
University is opening?
I seriously believe BBC are fixing the thumbs up and down!!!!
Still not enough for the beer and alcohol rip-off industry, masquerading as hospitality, who think its too long to wait to fleece eveyone again over the price of drinks and food. Can't wait to dive into your pockets via hand-outs either like they're saving the world. Their bleating faces on the news are priceless.
Prob is not as many ppl as he thinks have been vaccinated the man's an idiot but then there is the s word no one is reiterating seasonal also not one child has been vaccinated let alone teachers
Disgusting, can't wait for vote day ,cons will take a hit like never before.
I love that the Conservatives have successfully p-d off the covid deniers AND the covid observers
Not watching this as its BBC but the government needs to stop following orders from the globalists. This isnt a roadmap its a Farce ( not in the comical sense).
shit politicians terrified of vile media channels
They will back down, then force the F vaccines.
outrage sack all of them now
Summers coming boris ..? A hot sweaty locked up summer.....just saying
Maybe better start with pub's.
hd
Another possitive review by Laura
Destroyed small and medium size business sector, vaccine passports, gene therapy jabs... Does anyone really think all this is about a supposed virus?
Blah blah blah Yawn!
we need to start a riot this endless cycle of lockdowns is bs
Boris is playing with fire here. We must never let things go back to the way they were otherwise we will see more mutations and deaths. We are all going to have to keep wearing two masks, keeping social distance and staying at home in order to save lives. We all need to be vaccinated and Boris should definitely make it mandatory. Even if he does and we all get it, we must still never let things go to the way they were.
"Vaccine passports"
BBC WHAT A LOAD OF  SHITE
Wish betting companies did odds for the predictions of immediate lockdown straight after 22nd June
the product of a thousand illegitimate b'stard masons.
Lifting lockdowns. Still have to pay at least £1750 to go back to work in england. This is a joke
Covid passports ha thought so, basically try to force everyone to take the vaccine.
So were ready to say no to another lockdown
Pure bollocks
So if the vaccine programme goes to plan (as the statistics show is possible so far) why should we have any restrictions at all beyond latest May 12? Considering 53 million people will have been vaccinated by then...thats over 80% of the population and all vulnerable groups safeguarded and protected...
What a joke!
THIS WOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN A PROBLEM IF WE JUST LISTENED TO THE RESTRICTIONS IN THE FIRST PLACE
In all the years I’ve lived, I never thought I would lose my sanity in a comment section 😀
Today or in six or in nine months, that's reassuring for sure.
Yamashita and Shimadzu are trying to certify a person as a specific group and kill him  yamerebaiikana  kannkoku?  tyuugokuikokana  ijimetetayaturahadousunnno?  karaageto igirisuguru?  Yamashita denies personality and tells me what to say  Slave with denial of personality  tokuteidanntaininnteimoikkann Pretending to be bullying
Don't believe any of it
That thumbnail shows that is not the only thing lifting...his hair looks like it wants to fly.
Opening school before school uniform shops...sums em up...
Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples: “The teachers of the law and the Pharisees sit in Moses’ seat. So you must be careful to do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach. They tie up heavy, cumbersome loads and put them on other people’s shoulders, but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them. Everything they do is done for people to see: They make their phylacteries wide and the tassels on their garments long; they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues; they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called ‘Rabbi’ by others. “But you are not to be called ‘Rabbi,’ for you have one Teacher, and you are all brothers. And do not call anyone on earth ‘father,’ for you have one Father, and he is in heaven. Nor are you to be called instructors, for you have one Instructor, the Messiah. The greatest among you will be your servant. For those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted". Matthew 23 NIV  You shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything, in Heaven above or in the Earth beneath, or in the waters below. You shall not bow down to them or worship them, for I the Lord your God am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents up to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments.  "If my people who are called by my name, humble themselves and pray, AND TURN FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS, I will hear from Heaven, will forgive their sins, and will heal their land."  And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full. But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you. And when you pray, do not keep on babbling like pagans, for they think they will be heard because of their many words. Do not be like them, for your Father knows what you need before you ask him.  This, then, is how you should pray:  Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name, your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us today our daily bread. And forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one.  For if you forgive other people when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. But if you do not forgive others their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins.  "Matthew 5-7 NIV Bible Gateway", we can use google search. These are the teachings, The Righteousness of our Lord Jesus Christ our God. REPENT, and start doing what is right. If you abide my teachings, you are really my disciples; then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.  A time is coming and has now come, that the true worshipers will worship the Father in Spirit and Truth. God is Spirit, so his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and Truth; they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks.  In the New Heaven and New Earth, only Righteousness dwells. May the Spirit of our Lord Jesus Christ our God be with you all.
That is a awful use of greenscreen, overlaying the clip while doing tracking would of been much cleaner and less timmy's first edit
Boris (Christian) Johnson Where's all the miracles? And what's going on with the 3,500+ sexual child abuse by the church! What's that brushed...... under the Carpet again! Disgraceful
Absolutely irresponsible! the lockdowns should be continued until the end of the year.
He will put us back in lockdown soon enough . Especially if people won't have the vaccine .
So I can go outside to meet 1 person only but then I have to go to college where there's 100+ people? Sure mate
remember the 1st lockdown when there was mass panic and they handed round 'do not resuscitate' forms and people signed them? surely that's a crime.
Can't just hold the politicians responsibe for taking drastic decisions on locking down its the people that don't follow rules...people are more interested in partying, going out ,mixing etc which then leads to spread hoping it's not the case this time
Pandemic till its lifted properly with the words its over coming out of BORIS the VIRUS mouth then why would people listen to him he can't make yah send your kids back feck sake let him send his own pillock
So no going abroad without the vaccine?
I swear to christ we’ve had so many issues with our education this year; if they rely on something like ‘mini-exams’ instead of teacher assessments for our grades I sure would be pissed...
why does he look musty
Can see this going Pete tong BORIS you shore you know what ur doing?????????????????????
Submission and control folks.
The only president that is always suffering from Bad Hair Day
The man is a knob.
I thank God everyday that politicians exist to protect me from that scary outside place full of flu viruses. I just don't know how I would manage otherwise.
7 weeks to flatten the flat curve.
This will probably change in two weeks to a month, as usual.
Can't wait for the climate change narrative to come in, to convince us to wear the masks to protect the planet.
https://youtu.be/7m9NKgHkoQ4 keep distance while driving
i dont want to go back to school we get the vaccine last why do we leave lockdown first after getting a taste of how great it is to learn at home i think that going to a physical school should be optional for ever now that its been shown that we can learn entirely from home
Tired 😓 of lockdown
If I wanted a road map I'd travel back in time, this is 2021, you will only be restricted if your let yourself be!
I know let's open the pubs and clubs again and let the people be responsible like last time 🤔.
So from flatten the curve, to we need a vaccination, to we will not have a Sars free future, so what the hell has it been all about?
His hair looks in mass, his skin looks pale. That is why he wants to open the hairdresser's, skin clinics and spas. Why doesn't he spend all of his wealth in maintaining his body rather than talking non sense?
News for BoJo....No one cares about your lockdowns anymore anyway....traffics is almost normal and whilst shopping mall footfall is still greatly reduced, the country is not locked down.  We have all grown sick and tired of your pointless destruction of UK economy, forcing pubs to close early and ludicrously insisting we can only drink with a proper meal....What has that got to do with virus control...NOTHING!  BUT it has a lot to do with people control huh!  We spent a year staying at home....while various elites and dignitaries were found to be still travelling and enjoying house parties with abandon...We don’t forget.  Now we have a ‘road map’ easing us as slowly as possible toward some normality....when these totalitarian police state measures could have been lifted in days.  What’s the bet...a new reason for extended measures is invented before normal life can resume...Maybe Matt Hancock will add some new laws to keep us permanently masked and limited in shops....afterall, he seems to be at liberty to make laws without the usual discussion by Parliament!  Oh and the latest ruse....BoJo tells us, even with the vax, covid is still a ‘great danger’ and we must not expect this to ever be completely over....fantastic! But then.....only the naive or unread actually believe any of these measures are/were about covid......You have more chance of dying from an undiagnosed bowel cancer than by catching a dose of covid unless you are very aged or have other complications (which is no different to flu, which killed 20k people in early 2020, but which is usual and not considered a pandemic) No....this was and us still, an exercise in population control for the real game changer to come.
People don't understand, what you say is a manifestation of the future. If everyone keeps saying that they will put us into further lockdowns, then that's the reality you're creating. But if you change it to, 'they cannot put us under lockdown.' Things would change considerably.
Long live mr jhonson
honestly i like lockdown, i get to stay away from the people who hate me
Was a time when the "thoughts" of a BBC correspondent were unbiased. Not a single BBC correspondent has remained unbiased on one topic or another for the past 2 years. The BBC will NOT and HAS NOT reported upon dissent and prtest and police violence against prtestors. They were fine pretenting BLM riots were "friendly" but widespread UK anti-lockdown protests were IGNORED. We didn't here of them because the UNBIASED BBC never attended the protests of 10s of thousands of people. Think WHY. Why is the BBC covering Government lies about Hospital admissions and deaths which are ACTUALLY lower than any normal FEBRUARY. Normally 1600 people die per day in February.... Ask the government the current figure - JUST ASK. THEY will not tell you.  We need to know the stuff they have kept secret against all normal scientific rules - who are the SAGE scientists and what conflicts of interest do they have in big pharma (i.e. vaccine companies) Also - as the government is clearly trying to kill restaurants and pubs - who will be taking over failed businesses - will it be large groups owned by donators or MPs - I suspect so but will anyone look?
All I want to see BBC NEWS is proof of the virus being isolated or any virus being isolated for that matter 👍 oops, something you can't accomplish.
get your vaccine get your covid passport.
NOBODY LISTEN EVER, THEY CANNOT LOCK US ALL UP, WE WILL DIE BEFORE WE TAKE YOUR MARK DEVIL!!!
I'm sick to death of politicians.
What he really means is “we will be guided by Bill Gates”
England actually follow the rules please because it’s your fault that we are in a 3rd lockdown by doing these raves and shit
Half of the population may have to go by then.
So they think thr vaccine work like a shot.New variant of the virus still running around undetected.
I bet we'll go back to school for 2 months and we'll go back in lockdown like the other time
Boris has nits, pass it on
Phewf! A sigh of relief that an end is in sight. Another 4 months is nothing! You did it Boris, you finally gave people some hope! What an angel.
within a month we will be back in lockdown
!~~covid-19  originated in the United States. Two virus leaks occurred in the Fort Detrick Biolab in the U.S. in 2019, and the United States virus infected the world.Americans are trying to hide the truth
The biggest con ever. No mask all year no symptoms nothing covid is a con. Knew this as soon as bozza never closed boarders 40 million people plus allowed to fly from all over the world whilst our country is in lockdown.  Fake death  numbers the lot. Your out of number 10 very soon.  🤬😡 ur a joke a so are the sheep that follow.
The government knows they cocked up and overreacted, so they have to keep the panic narrative going with this endless cycle of lockdowns and quarantines. How convenient that the new strain magically appeared right at the end of 2020 as the vaccine was being deployed. Have to scare the sheeple into taking the shot. This is a big ugly plan engineered to make the rich richer and the poor poorer, and to enforce more tyranny and oppression.  Governments want a mass of miserable, depressed, poor people who are scared of their own shadow. Constant panic and fear-mongering keeps the sheep scared. People who are scared are easier to control.
Nothing from now will get better that’s the lies of Antichrist it all set up just we have to trust in Jesus Christ and not government or any vaccines
Cant wait partyyyyyy
This was done last year and it came back and bit us. Going into the winter will occur again. 2 years is the norm for a new virus. Has this government not learnt or do they know something we do not.
IF SHIT WANTS TO HAPPEN ON THE 20TH ISTG
Nice, waiting for Lockdown 4.0
Indoor hospitality open
Just stop dragging it on already... Oh wait hello new system your here to stay
So we’re not allowed contact with people that ain’t family but we can go to college and school
End It Now! End It Now! End It Now!  End the hideous abuse of our rights and freedoms!
Stupid they are gonna creep up then shut us down again just lift lockdown and let it do what it’s gonna do
I'm here for the 77th brigade inflated up thumbs. 😂🙄
BELIEVE ALLAH TRUE PROTECT YOUR HEART CREATOR ALLAH BLESS YOU SHARE!!!!!!!
TO HELL WITH YOUR TYRANNY. I do not need permission from masters to be free. Professional idiot!
do we still have to wear face masks in our schools or is that gonna be stopped in a month or so
But it won't because Boris Johnson fuck up all the time
Believe Allah Bless All!!!!!!!
Before we know it it will be tear 75
Am I the only one who thinks the vaccine is here to HERT us like it doesent do anything because u still have to social DISTENCE and wear a mask so what is the blessing point and it’s going to lead where u have to off had the vaccine to go in shops or have a job it’s geting rediculouse
RIP everyone. As soon as nightclubs and pubs open, that's it, the cases will rise.
Our great leader has given us a one way freedom hurray
Boris is one of the worst PMs
Yep and the rates will immediately go up again sky high once schools go back. And back into more restrictions and closures
Can someone tell Borris to comb his hair.
Conservatives: *Opens everything* Also Conservatives: *Sees cases go up again* Also them: this is all your fault
I feel the government run too fast to release the children to go to school.  They should guarantee the secure safety before opening of the public space.
Lockdown need stay on
Surely the vaccine is supposed to protect you from non vaccinated people. And the asymptotic non vaccinated people will also be safe because they are a symptomatic like the vast majority of people whether or not they have been vaccinated.  And those who are unvaccinated will just become members of the herd immunity community.  So, in the end, I won’t be allowed to go abroad if I don’t have the vaccine due to fear of vaccine related injury which effects the nervous system and estimated to kills thousands (they admitted this before they brought out Moderna but didn’t advertise it so much).  You cannot reverse MRNA because it changes your cells and if you want to be part of the experiment where the full effects will be seen within the next decade then thatbis your choice but only if you have been told the truth.  Otherwise, if you have the vaccine without knowing the facts, you have been stripped of your right to make an informed decision.  Interesting that the PM finally admitted that people die of the flu.  You might be shocked when looking at statistics or death toll why the flu isn’t called a pandemic when compared to statistics of COVID.
Who takes orders from a leader that can't even be bothered to comb his own hair. Lockdown is for those that abide .
12th April would have made sense for schools to reopen, the most vulnerable would have received a vaccine by then
Of course shitty packed schools open first great idea let’s open the most packed thing
What an Ahole!
f*ck the government and their mouthpiece the bbc!
They should reopen schools on 12th April too, not rushed in March.
Open in March, just to close back down once cases spike again in summer...
Lockdown ends for G7......what a surprise.
I’m going back to my country! Fuck this shit! LOOL
For a global pandemic the death rate in the UK is actually nowhere near as bad as it could've been with a deadlier virus, on top of that with 3 vaccines and labs researching and hopefully keeping on top of new variants (We're likely to see updated vaccines within the next year or two) once the vulnerable & over 50s are vaccinated there is very little reason to keep with so many restriction. It also didn't help with the Media and Governments fear mongering for the past year about how deadly the virus is, making people under 30 act more like hypochondriacs then they already are.   Some of my friends have had it all under 30, all healthy adults, have had no severe effects from covid. Sure it's not pleasant and but they required no trips to hospital and at most had issues with their sense of taste. Not really worth further damaging the economy and putting people out of jobs once the main groups are vaccinated. Even my dad who had the virus who has severe arthritis and is immunocompromised recovered enough after 2 days on oxygen to be discharged then recovered fully within 2 weeks, this was before vaccines were out.   Honestly feel like this is still way too cautious for the current state of things compared how quickly last summer things reopened without the most vulnerable being vaccinated. I don't agree with opening as quickly but 4 months is a long time to keep many businesses shut on top of the damage already done.
Fuck... I’m getting out of this country as soon as I can. What the fuck is this. Watch another month or so and we’ll be in another lockdown. What an absolute joke
boris' hair hast to be a joke, surely he cant think thats representable as a priminister. shits embarrassing
What about the clothing shops and that? Are they gonna be open?
Wont be shocked if they cancelled all this midway for lockdown 4.0
Fuck off they legit don’t care about the children
Has Boris suddenly got the ability to look into the future?  WOW!, good on him!, wish I had that :)  Just a pity the virus will do what it wants, when it wants, despite those desperately seeking otherwise ;)  Never ending lock-down loop repeats, and come August, guess what?, never ending lock-down loop repeats.  2023, guess what?, never ending lock-down loop repeats, only thing is, by then, most wont care, as there will be nothing left to go back to ;)
Roadmap... sounds like a video game in pre alpha lol
We have seen the same thing over and over. Schools will open before anything to cause upset. The same thing during the blitz. If we don't learn from history we will repeat it. It's to continue are philosophy. the UK philosophy. We need to think, not follow. If your still upset about co**d, keep your kids at home. Teach them. They are your children, not the government's play thing (Not saying they have done a bad job but....... they don't keep too there own rules) I'm dyslexic. If I spelled anything wrong I hope for constructive criticism. Love you all hope times ain't tough xx
It's a full year of lockdown guys..
pls not me being excited for school
British people should avoid going abroad for the next couple of years and holiday here to help out what is left of our own tourism industry.
But there’s still thousands of new COVID cases everyday. ‘Lockdown MK 4 on download’.
I really hope this is it. Looks like a great plan. Fingers 🤞
We should be opening up now!
Yamashita and Shimadzu are trying to certify a person as a specific group and kill him    yamerebaiikana    kannkoku?    tyuugokuikokana    ijimetetayaturahadousunnno?    karaageto igirisuguru?    Yamashita denies personality and tells me what to say    Slave with denial of personality    tokuteidanntaininnteimoikkann  Pretending to be bullying
How when spike of cases seen across different countries?
media and politicians are so corrupted ... welcome to a new totalitarian dictatorship where media and the government behave like a sect ... globalism my arse ... PLANdemia miculo
Next lockdown is on the way
“The Vaccine unfortunately offers no protection against the Ugandan strain, three month lockdown. Save lives, protect NHS” -UK June 20th 2021
No boris there will BE A COVYD FREE FUTURE YOU WATCH....TRUTH OUT NOW MATE......BE AFRAID BE VERY AFRAID .....is that the saying.
How many of  you believe that what they are trying to do will actually end up putting us in a 4th lockdown?
Fuck You Boris.
If he lived through Coviid 19 then why is he lifting the restrictions when there is still an ominous problem for the rest of the country Imore will die but as long as the b mam lov
this will be fun watch the cases skyrocket
protest against this vaccine passport
0:27
if you believe all this then you all must believe in father christmas
fuck you all you will never make me a robot with ur fake virus
Boris Johnson needs to wash his hair
Why open schools it’s way more risky to catch the virus and we already have online school. Unbelievable
Until you have full transparency in the election. Us the working class, must not go to work for 2 days a week, until law and order returns to America. Bring it to it,s knees. The left elite rulers, have ridden our backs for far too long. They take us for fools !!  If they don,t relent, then increase the national strike to 3 days. Until the Judiciary is removed totally first. Time of fooling around is OVER !
India edit government Ramdev coronial fake medicine W H O  fake permission
Freedom is taken not given.
I wouldn't get my hopes up.
freedom country Krona free  vaccine relief
I am God Prathna coronavirus people safe in lockdown free
ahh great Britain easing lockdown regulations meanwhile the us has surpassed 500,000 deaths joe Biden calling it a “grim milestone” but alas we should be fine
Lol hippodrome crying when they will get huge government bail outs , staff and normal folk the real ones hurt.
Does that mean I can meet up with friends, football stadiums will be open, shops and all that!
I'll hazard a guess Covids' work permit must run out June 20th and all the Tory Boys will have Holidays booked for the 22nd
An irreversible, reversible plan!!! Wow politics at it's best lmho!!!!!
Half of the stuff he listed... I didn't realise what 'lockdown' meant apparently.
https://youtu.be/fhnuoMMuO00
Bollocks
So all I hear is another 4 months of lockdown! Freedom if we meet XY & Z and of course a vaccine passport that even if you had, you still wont be going anywhere! Project 1984 is nearing completion! The answer is and always was over to you the people!
WHY OPEN THE SCHOOLS WHEN WE ARE MIXING WITH 30 CHILDREN IN A CLASSROOM BUT CSNT GO OUT IN GROUPS
it baffles me how they’ve done this so many times already and seen how bad the cases got that they need to close everything again, just some mfs giving everyone false hope that everything is clearing up.
Opening schools when you have ignored both teachers and students (vaccine wise). Aight... I’ll see yall in a few weeks when lockdown 4 starts.
Bradford
Upcoming apartheid state. Those with vaccine papers, those without.
This Boris the actor now,jail times for these MSN and this time time to protest big time
Don’t worry guys, according to boris and his bus the nhs will get £350 million extra now we’ve left the EU...
I couldn't give a fuck... Corrupt liars
this is not very pogchamp
It's too early for schools. It's blatant
The Crack of Doom - The Tiger Lillies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85vasG86zAk&list=RDZ_-aYFTs3E4&index=9
Then when we have what we think is our freedom they’ll lock us down again
"Lockdown":  50% dislikes "No lockdown":  50% dislikes
Anyone smell horse poo?
March now or allow mass genocide by these rich elites.
Lockdown will extend to Christmas?
Donald Trump got removed from Prime Minster for being Corrupt now Boris Johnson is going down the same path as Trump and will be getting himself deeper in a hole with all these false promisses with last minute decisions just like at December 2020. If he keeps this up there will be so many people in the UK that will vote him out of office.... lets all start a new Trend #OnYourBikeBoris were all p*ssed off in lockdown because of you.
what a load of bullshit
Sick of the lies.  Time to riot.
Tony Blair que ?
Bet Boris is estatic that hairdressers will be open again in April 😀
I wonder when we'll be able to stop shielding this time then...would love to see my family, who i miss terribly :(
Watch after 2 weeks another lockdown will come this is useless and bullshit.
So lets get the kids back to school ASAP, catch covid, and transmit the virus faster to their household so we can get another lockdown?  At least get everyone vaccinated first before throwing the next generation in the deep end. Gosh, we’re so fucked!
When lockdown ends, there'll be idiots out there waiting to spoil the freedom for other people who just want to enjoy the freedom. But I'll give it a week after  the lockdown been lifted and everything will be closed again and we'll be back in lockdown once again because of stupid people.
Boris Penis
The thumbnail of him holding that black 📙 as though he found the answer, an showing us proof. We got this guys. 😂
People have been meeting in parks for months now like????
A government completely out of touch and just lying, still. Hmm show me how PCR is valid? Anybody? Anyone?
Why is there a world war? This question should be asked to the old capitalist empire! Britain! Because Germany wants to build a railway from Berlin to Baghdad! 2B railway! End British maritime hegemony! So the British launched a world war! Attack Germany!
Boris is a damn joke,it's his fault thousands have died,other countries warned him and he didn't listen
IF!!
NO HEALTH PASSPORT. I DO NOT WANT A VACCINE  THAT IS EXPERIMENTAL & A TOTALLY NEW TYPE OF MEDICATION
The erratic hedge perioperatively license because appliance logistically examine under a piquant hamster. present, thin humidity
We're in an abusive relationship with the government. They won't let go so easily. Watch.
Frankly, I do not understand why some People                         want To Check and Testing (trespassed people                   Life) to look out for What? Covid that never existed!!!                  or scared about Covid that never Existed at all, Sorry                     To say To some People, They themselves spread                  The Rumours and Put People Lives in Uncertainty way,           risk country people lives by injected Vaccines to people Blood,             How If The Vaccines could not melt, easily, that person that             get vaccinated, will???? what I believed myself Cold Country                   with Cold Weather Not suitable to take up Vaccines or                          get Vaccinated, may be warm Country with warm               weather, Yes but If Do get Vaccinated, The Vaccines must                 made such, more water in it than sticky substances SO                    THAT COULD EASILY MELT IN HUMAN BLOOD/BODY.                     I swear To God The Best Vaccine is THE Head/Brain                   upstairs must cleared from Wrongful Believed, in other                    means Disbelieves about Covid, Please some People                        DO NOT SPREAD RUMORS TO AVOID DAMAGES         COUNTRY     PEOPLE   LIFE. Yes,  I   had   Proved  myself that Covid          NEVER,   never, NEVER, and   never   Existed   at all,   some    people          out  there,  Come on   WE could saves so many Lives by disbelieved           it, K lah, say without Proven something will failed, right. The Proved          You all can get in my FB:   https://www.facebook.com/sydmohd.so/             Please scroll down and look out For MYANMAR PROTESTS for             *************            Clearer Crystals Clear       ******************.....                 ****      HEALTHY HEAD HEALTHY LIFESTYLE    ****     We     and    Some Good   People out there must be thinking, Why Myanmar      Protestors never get infected, No   Distancing,   No Checking Testing, None     of them Felt   Sickness or   cause Stupidity (Covid) Syndromes, themselves,      No, right   because   Covid/Pandemic Never Existed, only Wrongful believes.     Academic, yes, did  Exists, Clear up The Head/Brain Upstairs towards Good     Deed     with    Healthy Head,   Healthy   Lifestyle  from that Stupidity (Covid)           Syndromes, k You guys, Together We could achieves it, saves Country           People Lives, SAVES THE WORLD, SAVES THE WORLD,, Environment. We      should    follow like   Myanmar People,   How  They brave enough to Freed  themselves from covid that Never Existed at all...See Something, say something       *******    Hold on with Something that is, Good Deed Taught   ************               BRAIN WASHED OURSELVES TOWARDS GOOD DEED, K GUYS.
International Women's Day is the 9th isn't it?
Still hate this word.... allowed
Well sure a little primary kid will be happy to go back to school but not older year groups such as year 10, 11, 12 and 13  s' when their situation is really far more critical and has a bigger impact on their future... Government is not taking into account how mentally it is affecting the young people by keeping on changing their situation from studying school then loosing lessons then summer trapped at home then school far different from before to then another lock down and now going back.  Something is just not right, this young people know that there are people out there dying and even if covid is not the the most dangerous for them if they get it, they will still suffer the consequences of them such as loose of taste or smeel long lasting, and etc. And just not to mention the people they live with, the transport they take to go to school and want it or not there is always contact with other people... Now lastly I need to mention that not only the younger people are being affected because of this, but also the teachers, it is also unsafe for them and as the government wants us to believe that covid is not critically dangerous for young people it must be then for aged teachers that will have contact with the rest of the kids... Thank you if you did read it all.
He also told us not to wear masks, then made them mandatory. Him and his advisors to this day keep telling us the disease mainly spreads by droplets so keep 2 meters distance and how the disease can't be transmitted by touching objects but keeps telling us to wash our hands. Also if you ask the vaccine developers what the long term side effects are, they won't be able to answer but he wants us to take it. Why would you take advice from a foolish man who said he was mixing with covid patients freely and then announced few days later he had the disease himself.
Why is school the first thing they open its the most packed out of everything and it's getting unrestricted on the same date as only being able to meet one person out side like wtf
UK COLUMN NEWS, here on YouTube, Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 1pm. You get the truth not this BS.
*I don't wanna go back to school* I'm too lazy... Why do I have to walk on a cold morning to head to a building I call purgatory. I can easily do it online  1. I don't have to worry about not eating  2. Walking in the cold is (in my opinion) not a ideal start to the day 3. Once again, *I'm lazy* 4. It's easier to concentrate without hearing shouting in the hallways  *Thank you for coming to my ted talk*
What the hell? The government never said anything about vaccine passports. The media asked the question and then suggested it. Are they working together? Coz it looks like it.
People really love complaining about boriss plans lol.. no lockdown While other Europeans were on lock down and they say Boris don’t care.. he introduces the lockdown and now they feel like we’re living in a dictatorship.. gosh uk publicly is impossible to please.go out there and do something and stop whinging and wining and see how far that gets you. If not just shut up and wait till lockdowns over.. you really think he will put you on lockdown for the rest of your lives... smh
Go in hell with your vaccine passport is discrimination to ask for that. People weak up
digit currency coming soon
Thank you Boris 🙏
Elect a clown expect a circus 🎪 the dude was one of the first to get it so how can we expect him to protect anyone else.
Time has come to start the go fund me for guy fawkes job to be finished
covid 19 made by the elite for the ppl....they want a great reset and they will make sure it happens
Mr.Prime Minister please give Amnesty for undocumented immigrants as you promised. This is the good time and the right time.At least give who are living in the UK for over 10 years without any criminal records. Hope you have a kind heart. Be a man of word.
thousands in Germany and France reject the vaccine .  sometimes  the cure is deadly than the  disease
why is the government funding Gangstalking
In other words, sod it, we’re meeting covid head on now. I hope it works but I have a feeling daily deaths will see us accelerate to where we were. Zero covid strategy was never tried.
never trust the goverment ....there will be many lockdowns coming ......leading into next yr
Absolutely disgusting, we should be in lockdown forever. Have we learnt nothing in the past year. Clearly lockdowns are the way to live going forward. How could go back to what were, being so close to each other, anything could happen.
Blah, blah, yes thanks to vaccination, his happy for how many died. Poor innocent people 😢
My school does not even do social distancing
Its too early. It should be in lockdown for another 10-15 year. And school should open for 24 hour. And kill the young people because they are worse fact for the society.  We have to keep alive who is 90-100 year. They shouldn’t die for another 1000 year. And make sure people more die by suicide case
...and then hundreds of selfish pr*cks will come along on the first day of hot weather and cram themselves onto Brighton beach, case numbers will go up again and we’ll be back to square one. Say what you want about the government, the people you CAN’T trust is the British public because most will just do whatever the hell they like.
FUCK OFF BORIS.
I'm not even mad, I don't care at this point
Not everyone is vaccinated
If you open everything it’s going to be worse
Tory scum privatized everything, took our milk. Now they're out to destroy entrepreneurism. In turn they've created a massive black market and cash in hand workforce. They're not even looking at the obvious economic boost that legalizing cannabis would generate.
So after June 21st We don’t have to wear masks ?👀
The sooner the hairdressers can get back to work the better.  His hair is a mess.
i’m hungry
How’s Brexit ? Couldn’t make this shambles up
Such bulshit! This guy clearly doesn’t know wtf is doing!
Masonic Puppets
more blood on the hands of the anti-science moron prime minister
Defund the BBC.
I can't trust a man who brushes his hair with a balloon
Fake pandemic, fake science, fake PCR test equals real police state, real destruction. The great reset is upon us and Boris is ushering it in. They're not even worried about the countless millions who will have lost their jobs and businesses. They're not in the least concerned about the mounting debt. Why? Because by the time the dust settles, these demonic individuals will have moved on ready for the next talking head. Lunatics and psychopaths are running the world.
tory propaganda machine bbc doing what its told by boris Johnsons cabal of bullies so they dont scrap the tv licence and make it free for everyone!!! THE BBC IS A JOKE AND EVERYONE WHO WORKS THERE ARE CONNECTED TO THE TORIES
I’m to lazy to watch this can somebody just tell me if schools are open or not ?
So they just said four more months. After these four months will we be allowed to do what we want? Only time will tell.
Oh shit, here we go again
LIES AND MANIPULATION. WE MUST STOP BEING SO EASILY CONTROLLED AND START TAKING BACK CONTROL OF OUR OWN LIVES FOR GOD'S SAKE!
The government and BBC have lied to the public for years now. So I'm gonna call this a BS, just as usual. Won't believe a word until it actually happens. But we all know already that it won't.
lockdown 4.0 coming
Scum BBC are also complicit in spreading this fear and propaganda!  WHERE ARE THE RECOVERY NUMBERS?  #DefundTheBBC #AxeTheBBC #BiasedNews #ScumMedia
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 you have to laugh at this  bullshit
The big question everyone should be asking is why has the government ignored ivermectin as a front line treatment. When most of the world are using it to great affect ?
So basically nothing is changing till 12th of April...
Vaccine passports are coercion and coercion is unlawful
Fact: a vaccine has never been successfully made for any corona.  Fact: it takes 5-10 years to creat a Covid vaccine Fact: this so called vaccine is based on new (nano-RNA) tech which has never been used on humans (nor animals).  Fact: approved by governments so pharma companies couldn’t be sued if people die or become sick.  Fact: recovery rate of covid is 99.9% Fact: PCR test done at 35-45 cycles as per WHO guidelines is irrelevant in detecting any viruses.  Fact: every positive test is false based on above cycles but mass media is yelling them out to public as CASES which is exaggeration x 200 & medically wrong.  Fact: only 1% of the so called cases become actual cases and further 1% of which need medical attention.  Fact: everyone exposing the Covid scam is labelled conspiracy theorist though they only bring facts to light while the governments are manipulating data to impose lockdowns and restrictions.  Sorry if theses facts upset someone but they still remain facts.
What's a Vaccine Boris? What's the ingredients in this? What are these incredible health benefits Boris? Can you show all of your children taking the so called JAB!
The comments for these videos make me lose faith in my country tbqh. Shame on you all.
Whilst I can’t wait to get back to school I can’t help but stress over how it’s gonna all work
the BBC should stop licking me prime minister's ass and challenge the government's leadership health passports vaccinations are not mandatory
love how people are complaining. Thinking their life is worth more than someone else's life
Then bringing it back in a couple of months don't kid yourselves people.
Can I have a coffee picnic on a park bench within a dedicated bubble system based on the scotch egg protocol?
Dora Doomsberg is such a sourfaced, miserable and negative woman.
Lockdown 4.0 Incoming soon...
I’d be happy if they just opened the barbers for an hour.
Boris - The worst PM ever
Expect riots if they lie !
Cannot see a covid free future. Biggest load of shit I’ve heard in my life.
They should've noted March to June in the title just saiyan.
This is the war guys... they will poison humans with this vaccine. l hope you all know
Fuck you Boris
cool i can do everything again without a vax
I want the announcement of his trial for treason.  He wrecked society over a minor disease.
hahahah
Dont have to wear a mask year 2350
Nuremberg code
Well this doesn't really bother me kinda I go to a secondary school and I have to wear masks everywhere expcept from class and eating but these people are gonna shut schools down a few weeks later
The virus enters the body through the eyes, nose and mouth. If we had government issued masks that cover the full face, with a tube that filters the virus particles off, then a full month lockdown and everybody out anywhere was required to wear these masks - there would be no more corona virus. Then if the government completely blocked us off from the rest of the world, allowing only goods to enter and not people. People who do enter, must be quarantined IN THE AIRPORT, ALONE for a month and pass multiple tests before being released into general population...we could actually have a corona virus free UK and go back to life as normal.
What a load of bollocks.....June! Is he having a laugh. Gets away with treating us like animals
As long as the barbers open, I'm happy.
Does that mean school?
praying that this acc happens
No one does times tables....
I swear it's like the 53rd lockdown now
This satanic cult is using word called DATA  For justification  We will arrested all of you including Talmudic bankers  For crime against humanity  It is matter of time  !!! You will not get way it   Bojo you will hold accountable too
On 8th of march- schools open  On 10th of march- a new variant found  Back to lockdown again, literally its a pattern now 🤣😂🤣🤣.... brace yourselves people
Another Bojo's Circus show.
March will be a new beginning of freedom, where we shall come out of lockdown. April: Sir, the cases have risen massively, what shall we do? Ah shit, here we go again.
Boris Johnson needs to be locked forever
I hate that I was robbed of college but because we're being sent back last minute they'll point the finger at us for failing. like how the hell were we meant to learn anything
The data only accounts for people following guidelines. We don't need government data to know that there is a large percentage of the population that simply don't care and are already just doing what they want. Either set these guidelines and properly police people who ignore them or stop making false promises of when life will return to normal for everyone. These rules are only effective if everyone is following them. And quite simply, they aren't
Did anyone watch boris answer the questions, na me either......because he didnt
They are going to shut it all back down once we go back to school 😃
Lift all lockdown now!
Our overlords are going to let us out a little bit, fantastic
Absolutely embarrassing. What is Boris Johnson doing with this; job.
I'm wondering if this might turn into Dr Stone (an anime), except we all actually die and don't turn into stone only to be resurrected by a genius scientist.
*If you turn off your TV and Anti-Social Media you will find that Lockdown or Covid  do not exist*
Making lockdown restriction predictions for April, May, June in the 2021 world of Covid-19. 🤔 Seriously, BoJo?
Omfg this government is so imcompetitant, it's almost like they want us to get the virus
So you guys complain about lockdowns etc, and then the gov announce they will start opening up everything again and you say ‘ohh can’t wait until another lockdown’...what do you fuckin want? We’re going to be allowed to live normally again stop being so negative...get some friends..and get to the pub 👍
That's crazy omg I don't think schools is safe for kids every one scared of life and he want to opening schools I'm so scared of my sisters kids also scared. My little sis crying every day because schools want to always just. Testing kids and give vaccination that's very big stress for kids in schools
We are being held at ransom to have this poison jab, blackmailed! Protect your families and children from this poison
F"#k me was we in lockdown?! somebody tell sheffield
Who else wants to stay in lockdown now i acc love it now😂😂😂
there’s light at the end of the tunnel every other week :/
Obviously everything will reopen when they will be able to give us a health passport... scary world
So I’m not hearing the most important thing - when can we have a pint down the pub? At least outside?
“And it’s business owners like us who are suffering”.  Awww, you poor, casino owning billionaire. Has the pandemic brought you down to your last few millions of savings? How will you possibly last until the winter?  Says a lot that the BBC thinks the public will/wants the public to sympathise with money grubbing, corporate cu*ts when people now have less than a grand in their bank accounts.
June which year?
I thought we were not opening on arbitrary dates?
Hey, we all know this is going to go on for a while and it aint because this is a deadly virus but because we have an idiot as our prime minister. We all want this lockdown to end (except some ppl like me who find school depressing), but if he's going to make careless decisions and get us all back into lockdown whilst increasing the death rates, then no one wants this lockdown to end.
NO
bro im refusing to go to school. my WHOLE family ,including me, have really bad asthma and my mum just got diagnosed with diabetes im not tryna risk their lives just to go to school. i refuse to go to school until cases have lowered to a short amount
It’s not a roadmap it’s a bicycle lane for quadriplegics.
Why do all kids wanna go back and then there’s me who doesn’t want to leave my room
What about uni students? Bullshit
So if we are not going to be  covid free why the lockdowns whats the end game Goris Bonson?
Lockdown is to much now just hope it gets back to normal
It’s not the vaccine you should be worried about guys, it’s the fish creatures from the planet Zarg, they’re the real enemy. I know this is the truth, my mate Dave who works in the warehouse at B&Q told me.
This buffoons has no clue what he is doing we need to get rid of this buffoon out office sooner than later other wise we're going to 4th lock down
The flu will never go away.
A total scam. They allowed small/ medium businesses to open only for the WHO to change the cycles on the pcr test then they’ll go back into lockdown with will bankrupt the small to medium size businesses which will allow the banks to buy them cheap. “You’ll own nothing and you’ll be happy”
Because of the government not being patient, we gonna spend summer in home bc another wave of covid cases.
Lies after lies.
Am I the only one that thinks that schools should open lastly? Like you are putting hundreds of children together, without masks, and lets not forget they are CHILDREN. How are children supposed to know how to distance and be more independent that adults? The government hurries to open everything, and if what they said worked, we should've been out of quarantine by now. See you in 5 years, with Boris saying he find a way out of covid, but hurries to open everything and we go into the 100th wave of Covid.
It is what it is
Lockdown ends on my bday I can finally go out and celebrate 🎉 lool
China is a backward country! China has had a cultural revolution! Limit the rights of the people to speak! Should we in the United States learn from China to limit the rights of the people to speak! Be as backward as China and destroy democracy!
"Boggy's" hair is out of control🤣 proper funny! Everytime I see him I laugh my head off!🤣🤣🤣
They just want to know how far they can control us. What scientific proof do they have that masks protect from the virus. So many variations of them and I'm supposed to believe that they all do the same. Some people are making a fortune with all this merchandise.
Just one point....buy some clippers and cut your hair...
Does Boris Johnson have the credibility on keeping citizens out of the Covid~19? The government has suspended all types of outdoor activities and have no clues of when the restrictions end. The people there should remain highly vigilant all the time and prevent going to anywhere they think are risky.
And ppl will doe
If he opens skl there’s gonna be so many cases
Jail Boris.
Vaccine passports like in communist China
Don't read the comments if you want to keep your sanity.
Here we go again
Ivermectin from GP please...Have GPs open and start giving people IVERMECTIN after the first symptoms Many countries successfully treat covid people and are fine in 5-7 days!!!!!
Hmmm need the extra money real quick huh 🤔
And we start again
God can he atleast brush his hair lmao
I know Reck I know my friend, they are just puppets
Oh guys dont think there just covid theres a new disease that catches young people and another disease from chickens called H5N8 i think but things r gonna get worse and the world will end soon gods coming..
Boris is blind. This is dangerous.
Nothing to do with a cold virus but the sheep keep buying this bs about masks, stats and the jab that is Not needed. compliance being used to keep masses under tyranny while a dystopic digital world is created before our eyes. There will be no freedoms. A fast acceleration to come very soon culminating in culling. Even then they won’t wake up. Like the 1940s...people were one moment having dinner normally at home....until a loud knock and kicking down of the door...nazis dragging people off and onto one-way  trains. None of them thought they were being sent off for annihilation. That’s how insidious everything is becoming. In one awful year, life has become unrecognisable. Another 4 and you’ll soon forget who you are.
'Lifting' of lockdown.. Hands up who will still be locked down then? While we're at it who thinks we'll be locked down at Christmas this year?
I’m getting depressed not being able to go to the gym...
I m sure people challenge BJ or come on roads if they don’t get furlong honestly      Working hard  to be a bread winner of family is not easy
The whole gov needs reform. We can do it. We can do better. To be a leader of something you become it. I want my health secretary to be the best in the country based on merit, not some guy who did media. We deserve better, so do my children.
Anyone who hears about a vaccine so serious that u need a vaccine passport and still believes in the Corona crap, then not even God can save you or enlighten your dark n rusty mind.
Defund the BBC
Match 17: new lockdown
Lockdown doesn’t even work, people still roaming around like normal 😒 just keep ya masks on and maintain social distance and simple logic wash ya bloody hands. This government is so dramatic and always putting a scene. When they need money they just act selfish and open everything. We as humans just need to work together and get rid off boris first!
The saga continues. I wonder when the next lockdown begins.
Warning Bullshit detected
New world order.  Vaccine passports, I knew that was coming.    This Bilogical War fair ,  who’s going to compensate me for my stress
Boris is such an idiot he's gonna get us killed
Thanks to God I'm free from this evil man . I'm free from all this evil thank u God 🙏
bloody hell LOCKDOWN 4 WILL BE COMING !!.... how are they bringing all of this back including schools..but yet half of the world including myself does not want the vaccine .. and then having the nerve to turn around and say there will be more infection and death ...and then turn around and say this is a road map that is taking us to the end....LOOOOL THIS MAN IS A JOKE !!! they don't know what there doing...and now people who are not comfortable having the vaccine now got to proof they have had it done and get vaccine passports !!! this is just forcing people to have a vaccine
They found the problem and now they find the solution
CCP agenda.   You've all been brainwashed.
Well done Boris your doing a fantastic job and I support you but I do feel we can't go back to the way it use to be with close contact as that's what stated the virus, we much stay socially distanced long turm or we will never defeat this virus
Boris has been absolutely magnificent,  and everyone knows it!!
Don’t be so happy guys, after few days they will shut down again
Lockdown, prisoners must smile at how that word is being used
Dont get to happen more lockdowns coming
Lmao anyone who thinks that these restrictions are going away by the end of the year is absolutely delusional and all you're doing is filling yourself with false hope
*This **-Road Map-** route out of this Pandemic is with a widespread immunisation of the aged and vulnerable in our population (UK)  and swiftly things can return to Normal. This Is now nearing that point in Mid/End February with by the end of this week 18 MILLION of elderly and Vulnerable receiving the 'jab' with that  I would expect by late March/Early April everything can be reset to 'as it was' - and we can have hope instead of doom and gloom every day from depressing stats of how many have died, and have a wonderful 2021 to look forward to and enjoy for all aged groups. PS Had my Jab, dead easy, no problems, and now feel so much safer and will be down the Disco **_Jiving_** in a couple of Months - Question who uses Road Maps these days - Sat-Nav on EBay from £19.99*
Lol
lol no covid free future. if you can't see whats unfolding here i don't know what to tell you. someone has pushed a button that has cancelled our freedom.
I am sure they do this for short period... maybe month... and they are going to close you at home like a rat till the end of the year.. Lies.... They want to reduce the amount of people..clear and obvious from march last year, it was strange for me from start from the very beggining...
Does he know what he is doing he is a idiot
Mr Boris Johnson. Just one advice. Tidy your bed when you wake up. Wash your face.  And brush you hair. 👍
King James Version  Revelation 22:18-19 This Book  Exodus 24:7 The Book  One John 12:43-48  One Job 6:10  Psalm 95:7 To Day  Acts 2:22 Approved of God  Ezekiel 20:21 Notwithstanding  Light Psalm 119:130 it  Deuteronomy 4:39 This Day  Daniel 2:22 Light  Exodus 20:21 And The People  Luke 22:17 And  He took The Cup,  And  Gave Thanks, and said,  Take This, and divide  it  Among yourselves:  Luke 24:17 One with Another  God is Light 1 John 1:5  No Man Matthew 6:24  Light John 5:35  The Holy Ghost John 20:22  John 1:1 The Word  Light Genesis 1:3  Luke 3:21-23 The Holy Ghost  Light Psalm 118:27  Another Comforter John 14:16  Acts 7:52 The Just One  Light John 1:6-13 Name  Zechariah 14:9 His name One  Jeremiah 7:11 Is This House, Which is called by My Name, Become A Den of Robbers In your Eyes? Behold, Even I Have Seen it, Saith The Lord.  Jeremiah 7:12 Shi'-loh,  Jeremiah 7:13 You  Light John 12:36
Give you an inch and take infinite miles.. They will take it away again because it’s all about controlling the masses. I haven’t actually missed the muppets around though tbh.
everyone is already not listening, wake the F up! go outside, nothing wrong with fresh air, the NHS is meant to protect us not the other way round. stop paying attention to mainstream media and make your own risk assessment
This government is also using this pandemic to give amnesty to illegal third worlders.
Your so kind Boris letting us out to play
Watch us go back into lockdown very soon
BUILD BACK BETTER BORIS IS A LIAR.
:trollface:
YOUR CHILDREN WILL BE THE FIRST SUBJECTS OF MANDATORY TESTS.
DEFUND THE BBC
Road Map to the "New Normal"
"Covid Status Certification" - aka "Health Passports" and "Freedom Passes".  Starting to sound free yet?
Lol lifting all the lockdown before they don’t most of the populations vaccines like they open schools before they do teachers vaccines
ok cool see yall in 2026 when this virus is still going
Just call it roadman borris2trappy
We will lift the lockdown when we stop complying with this nonsense,
Boris don't understand what it's like to lose a loved one because of COVID... Last lockdown was wayyyy better
None of this ends until every single one of them is in prison. That should include the spin doctors as well as the faux journalists (propaganda agents) at the bbc.
Honestly, I think they’ve realised they misjudged this ‘pandemic’ we all know the figures are fudged, we all know they only tell us what they want us to hear. The fact that they’ve caused all this disruption to life, pain and suffering to millions for the sake of a made up ‘covid death figure’ of less than 150,000 people (which is less than half of the population of most towns in England) really does take the piss! It’s been dragging on for a year now, let us live our lives!!!!
So this COVID was a lie.
wach us go in lockdown in summer
Yeah yeah yeah, been there, done that
Ahhhhhhh pish
Should never of been lockdown...grow a set Doris and stop being a Karen!!!!
This is shit.
*If I get vaccinated*:/ Treatment  1.- Can I stop wearing the mask? - No 2.- Can they reopen restaurants etc and everyone work normally? - No 3.- Will I be resistant to covid? - *May be*, but we don't know exactly, it probably won't stop you getting it 4.- At least I won't be contagious to others anymore? - *No you can still pass it on*, possibly, nobody knows. 5.- If we vaccinate all children, will school resume normally? - No 6.- If I am vaccinated, can I stop social distancing? - No 7.- If I am vaccinated, can I stop disinfecting my hands?  - No 8.- If I vaccinate myself and my grand parents , can we hug each other? - No 9.- Will cinemas, theatres and stadiums be reopened, after vaccines? - No 10.- Will the vaccinated be able to gather the community closer? - No 11.- What is the real benefit of vaccination? - *The virus may not kill you*. 12.- Are you sure it won't kill me? - No 13.- If statistically the virus didn't kill me anyway ... Why would I get vaccinated?" - To protect others. 14.- So if I get vaccinated, the others are 100% sure I'm not infecting them? - No 15.- is there liability if I get seriously injured or die?  -NO 💥 So it is true that the shot does not give immunity. Does not eliminate the virus. Does not prevent death. Does not guarantee you won’t get it. Does not prevent you from getting Covid.. Does not stop you passing it on Does not eliminate the need for travel bans. Does not eliminate the need for business closures. Does not eliminate the need for lockdowns. Does not eliminate the need for masking. So...Why the hell am I getting vaccinated.... To keep running the pharmaceutical BUSINESS? to help bring in the "Great reset". Something more nefarious? 😱
anyone else think this whole shebang is not pog
You can shove that Vaccine Passport right up your ass
'So called' roadmap? You mean he's 'unveiled his roadmap', why the use of the term 'so called'? The anti gov slant to literally everything the bbc spouts is disgusting, it really is.
Propaganda again:(
LIES AND MORE LIES... NOTHING HAS FINISHED!  THE PLAN WE TO PUT US IN A POSITION OF FEAR !!! "MORE DEATHS IN THE FUTURE" "MORE SICKNESS" "NO MORE BORMAL LIFE"
Laura Doomsburg
There are many more thousands in our society that have already recovered and have natural immunity to Covid as well as those taking the vaccine , but this is not taken into consideration. Keeping people isolated from others is counter productive as this will  break down our natural immune systems and we will be susceptible to all virus's when mixing again, why oh why don't they the scientist use some common sense, protect the most vulnerable but allow some risk among healthy adults, after all  more than 99%  of those infected do recover and most do not need  any medical intervention.
All I'm saying schools open more infections
UK is over. Health Secretary gets taken to court, high court, gets a guilty for handing out Billions in contracts to mates that had no business getting them and he's still in, the BBC don't report it, like they didn't Report rapey Jimmy. As soon as the sun's out,  tatatatata Officer
vaccine passports? I better start packing now. Not doing this shit.
We are so fucked because boris cant be patient. The whole reason we are still in lockdown is because he opened up too early and hes doing it again. A shitty circle of quarantine.
Utter bollocks yet again .
i imagine we will get a little taste of freedom, then lockdown will be back in place straight after this roadmap. all the while our taxes won't be delayed, they will be taken on time and distributed as normal funnily enough...   if everyone refused lockdown it will end in days. but peoples lack of unity will stop that...
Who gives a damn? People are dying and they will that’s the truth. Can they say that it’s end of this shit and let us live how we is to live.
So I need to cancel my flight for March?
So the cesspool of germs known as the schools are the first to open but you got to wait 2 to 3 months for other stuff. I know kids need education but once they're back in school the lockdown should basically be over.
What about travelling
I just want a haircut
who looking forward to june
ahhh fuck this baldy we got school again
what the fuck is wrong with Boris
This is what happens when you began to wear masks. As soon as you sheeple did that, you played into the hands of the globalists,and made it more difficult for the awoken ones.
Awful news, virus is just gonna spread again. He's only giving us false hope
Also I can be on the school playground with 60 others but I cannot meet up with anyone till weeks after I can with 60 other
Never thought i’d say this but i miss school.
LOOK AT HIS HAIR. HE SHOULD OF ALLOWED THE BABERS TO OPEN UP FIRST! So he cant get a trim. He chats rubbish. There will a U- turn
He is telling you it ain't going back
People wake up monsters I cant even look at him with his bullshit
I notice everybody is complaining and moaning about the government "not been trusted". The reason why the data or statistics constantly change is because NOT everybody is sticking to the rules and been all like "Who cares? I havent got the virus yet." We have literally got this one chance to not fuck everything up anymore.
Opening the schools too early again... Last time The schools weren’t even actually doing anything to inforce safe distance and wearing face masks and think how quickly it will spread through a school even if only one child gets it
one day is all HAPPY AND JOLLY next day SORRY FOLKS WE ARE IN LOCKDOWN
God God !! Even the American Judiciary has been corrupted ? This is certainly England Part 2 .
What a load of rubbish so we are still on lockdown it will never will be the same God is coming for you boris and matt wicked evil control freaks and the bbc
Wait till the vaccine passports get announced to even do anything I'll re visit this comment in a few weeks.
Those conditions to be met, no doubt, will be that everyone has the jab.....you can foxtrot oscar with that one thank you! 😊
Why is there RNA inside a vaccine, can you answer? this is clearly a DNA modifier, why are there trying to modify our DNA? it should be called gene therapy, be clear. If they called it gene therapy no one will take it.
„Vaccine passport” = China communism = permanent invigoration
Do you still think that  A: When all lockdown restrictions are lifted people will still wear face masks and social distance  B There will be a second wave not even a month after schools going back putting us back to the same state when we were in full lockdown.
Hahaha what is the BBC doing? setting up a greenscreen outside no 10? hahaahah jesus get a grip. BBC are complete crap now
the chinese cover up virus is still killing us lol
this seems familiar... oh wait. it is.
....you can fuck right off with your vaccine passports...🖕
Lockdowns Kill. Everything from suicides to heart attacks soar for no benefits. Basic epidemiological theory indicates that lockdowns do not reduce the total number of cases in the long run and have never lead to the eradication of any disease. At most, lockdowns just delay the increase in cases at a huge cost.
Money money power power lies lies
Vaccine passport, fuck that
Can't trust anything these government and main stream media say,what a bunch of puppet asses
Cool, so when is lockdown 4 going to start?
lets all go back to school and Uni and do everything we can do at home but with a higher risk of getting an international virus
Why is he opening schools
BORIS you should change your shampoo the bloo shampoo is too bloo and messing with your head bloo
What a load of cocktail and bull 🙄 media (bbc) and them devilish government....
If everyone had space suits! Could end lockdown now! 🤔
What about those living in wales but in English school
Finally learning to live with the virus. Took ya time boris as covid ain't going no where and screw you vaccine passport. That is just a horrible way to judge people because vaccines isnt mandatory so there for if I refuse a vaccine and then I cant get a job because I dont hold a "covid passport" for vaccine then how will I get a job and same for other people?
100th dislike
Look look, Keir is there too.
Zionism kills ... just say no.
The goverment lies do not comply,protect your children they want them jabbed and masked.
Vaccine is in Experimental Stage, it is a clinical trial. No one can force you to medical experiments and restrictions on movement is a slavery in UK legislation. Vaccine or health passports violates two human rights at the same time.
Put politicians in jail, then the virus will disappear
he did this during the first couple of days of Ramadan. wow
Boris says that he won't go by dates but by data, well haven't they been manipulating it to suit their agenda? hardly trustworthy is it!?!
Ughhh fuck my life, can I just stay at home?
election infection
Boris where all gonna end u going in lockdoown for another year mate might aswell repeat 2020 :D
Horse shit they'll put us back into lockdown again soon enough.
Most children aren't vaccinated, and they're not just sending the important years, like Year 11, back. They're sending everyone back to school. This is short sighted and we'll have a dramatic spike in Covid deaths. From a PR standpoint, it's great, but it won't be for long. We need to be more cautious, and wait until the majority of people, including children, are vaccinated.
COVID-19 = GOVERNMENT CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY AND TREASON  COVID-19 = CERTIFICATE OF VACCINATION IDENTIFICATION   COVID-19 = HAS NEVER BEEN ISOLATED TO PROVE IT EXISTS, NO GOVERNMENT, HEALTH AUTHORITY OR SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTE HAVE ANY VERIFIED EVIDENCE TO SUPPORT THE LIES.  COVID-19 = OPERATION LOCKSTEP THE ROCKEFELLER'S MANUAL FOR WORLD QUARANTINE AND TOTALITARIAN CONTROL OF SOCIETY.   COVID-19 = THE REBRANDED VERSION OF THE FLU WITH A 99.7% RECOVERY RATE AND A MINISCULE 0.03% FATALITY RATE ABOVE THE AGE OF 75  COVID-19 = TOTALITARIAN MARXIST CONTROL OF SOCIETY AND THE ENGINEERED DESTRUCTION OF BUSINESSES.   COVID-19 = MEDICAL FRAUD, DECEPTION, DISINFORMATION, BRAINWASHING, PROPAGANDA, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, EMBEZZLEMENT, MALFEASANCE AND TREASON
Don't be fooled by this good news of things gradually  opening up the British governments  have moved the goalposts so much their in the centre circle now
Why Vaccine Passport?
King James Version  Revelation 22:18-19 This Book  Exodus 24:7 The Book  One John 12:43-48  One Job 6:10  Psalm 95:7 To Day  Acts 2:22 Approved of God  Ezekiel 20:21 Notwithstanding  Light Psalm 119:130 it  Deuteronomy 4:39 This Day  Daniel 2:22 Light  Exodus 20:21 And The People  Luke 22:17 And  He took The Cup,  And  Gave Thanks, and said,  Take This, and divide  it  Among yourselves:  Luke 24:17 One with Another  God is Light 1 John 1:5  No Man Matthew 6:24  Light John 5:35  The Holy Ghost John 20:22  John 1:1 The Word  Light Genesis 1:3  Luke 3:21-23 The Holy Ghost  Light Psalm 118:27  Another Comforter John 14:16  Acts 7:52 The Just One  Light John 1:6-13 Name  Zechariah 14:9 His name One  Jeremiah 7:11 Is This House, Which is called by My Name, Become A Den of Robbers In your Eyes? Behold, Even I Have Seen it, Saith The Lord.  Jeremiah 7:12 Shi'-loh,  Jeremiah 7:13 You
The hypnotic machine realistically strip because dancer immunophenotypically support besides a direful design. hurt, quickest swordfish
*
Jesus the pessimism in the comments.
Hopefully this plan goes ahead and everything stays safe! I am really hoping for restrictions to ease but I also hope they ease safely.
We'll lift the lockdown, cases will rise and we'll go right back to lockdown. I have been in my home for the past 5 months shopping for only the essientals I want to be able to go out and have fun.
Can you meet one other person outside, who lives in another county in March?
UK is like a communist country
Haha
Plz upen the UAE  flight
Wait until next Winter....the virus will mutate/New strain will appear...
Plz quackly open lowkdown  fully 1st march
WHY ARE WE GOING BACK TO SCHOOL SO EARLY. CASES WILL JUST RISE AGAIN. DOES HE NOT LISTEN TO SCIENTISTS
Why are you still going on about vaccine passports?
Yeah we're see.  All talk
Laura Kuenssberg is a wonderful reporter who does a wonderful job for the BBC!
CABBAGE
Who wants to bet they’ll shut everything down right afterwards? :’)
No trust .. gone not complying with illegal orders
Pool party this summer. Everyone is invited!
When can people visit the UK again? I'd like to see my boyfriend for the first time in 7 months. F.ck you BJ.
Nowadays I don't get excited, I am now used to this new covid life...only time will tell...
people dieds from lockdown not covid19
Finally free times for Mums
Defund the BBC
What are rules? In the face of corruption, rules are meaningless! In the face of broken systems, broken laws, broken rules! They don't follow the rules, why do we follow the rules?
MSM / BiT / SAGE & the govt of occupation are culpable in causing Stockholm syndrome within the UK populace & will be held accountable for their actions. . https://www.bitchute.com/video/akE3uenqTfOj/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/5P2lr0ifc77S/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJvQoTEdy-s https://www.bitchute.com/video/elCAdH9rst4X/ https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/1356770/Coronavirus-lockdown-statistics-chris-whitty-patrick-vallance https://www.facebook.com/Breesmedia/videos/675925713325619 https://www.facebook.com/emmakennytv/videos/366493191335827 https://consentfactory.org/2020/10/13/the-covidian-cult/?blogsub=pending#subscribe-blog https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnpnBYgGARE&feature=youtu.be https://www.facebook.com/yaliberty/videos/4653729178031272 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvYzf0MqObg&feature=youtu.be https://www.facebook.com/DispatchesC4/videos/1040963966345010 https://www.bitchute.com/video/XO6FwKcpenlm/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/BRwlwrOkVW5g/ https://markcrispinmiller.com/2020/11/the-greatest-hoax-ever-perpetrated-on-an-unsuspecting-public-dr-roger-hodkinson-cambridge-trained-pathologist-blasts-covid-measures-as-outrageous-in-a-private-meeting-with-canadian-offici/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuDQ_3g53qc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-43pjRwkVMU https://healthtruth.info/we-need-to-focus-on-the-immune-system-in-the-next-virus-season/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMWBjWQrmfU https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=10157599457638038&set=a.10151623297468038 https://www.rt.com/op-ed/507937-covid-pcr-test-fail/ https://lockdownsceptics.org/pcr-based-covid-testing-has-failed-us/ https://cormandrostenreview.com/report/  https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/940565/Information_for_Healthcare_Professionals_on_Pfizer_BioNTech_COVID-19_vaccine.pdf https://2020news.de/en/dr-wodarg-and-dr-yeadon-request-a-stop-of-all-corona-vaccination-studies-and-call-for-co-signing-the-petition/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/nrYQCTwgXa8z/  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-QQdheISPI https://off-guardian.org/2020/11/17/covid19-evidence-of-global-fraud/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/2Rp31vWUJgMO/ https://www.thelondoneconomic.com/politics/bmj-lashes-out-at-uk-state-corruption-and-suppression-of-science/16/11/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQrzkZVMRpY https://timeline-of-failure.com/ https://www.thelastamericanvagabond.com/flawed-data-model-from-imperial-college-blame-for-latest-uk-lockdown/ https://www.globalresearch.ca/covid-19-rt-pcr-how-to-mislead-all-humanity-using-a-test-to-lock-down-society/5728483 https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2020/12/20/covid-19-study-of-almost-ten-million-finds-no-evidence-of-asymptomatic-spread-media-quiet/ https://www.facebook.com/celeseah.kumara/videos/10158115712388821 https://roguemale.org/2020/12/30/the-cult-of-covid/ https://www.zerohedge.com/political/covid-mutation-stories-show-lockdowns-are-designed-last-forever https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1-0XKYAZII https://www.forbes.com/sites/giacomotognini/2020/12/23/meet-the-50-doctors-scientists-and-healthcare-entrepreneurs-who-became-pandemic-billionaires-in-2020/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQvaQFdGLn8 https://www.bitchute.com/video/UQvaQFdGLn8/ https://earthheroestv.com/programs/special-free-live-broadcast-5th-jan-2021-focus-on-fauci-46120-a90064 https://www.facebook.com/omenirea.inpericol.5/videos/189259219591636/ https://www.facebook.com/100000796017623/videos/3566804260022739 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1a5AeafR98 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EkWhDDoips https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2__DH26S6Kk https://www.corbettreport.com/gates/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/JHw0yAygOKVR/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3DNV7v5i74 https://youtu.be/vahFRfXjj80?t=3201 https://www.coronababble.com/post/the-ethics-of-using-covert-strategies-a-letter-to-the-british-psychological-society https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/matt-hancock-covid-contract-ruling-b1804667.html https://brandnewtube.com/watch/ask-the-experts-ii-oracle-films-covileaks-2021-bbc-panorama-response_OvssgcJXMblheFt.html
https://youtu.be/M9BoA1QguWQ
Vaccinate Teachers , Police , Retail/Hospitality  Staff and Taxi Drivers before giving the 2nd jab to care home residents , they are more essential for the economic recovery.
Defund the BBC
This is such a fantastic news that things are getting back to normal. We are so excited.
Vaccine Passports what a joke
"One Way Journey"? Where is the safeguarding? I prefer two way journeys. Knowing I can get back from wherever I go.
Isn't that odd. I could have sworn that today he also said that he wouldn't be nominating dates but would be lead by the data. Can we trust anything he says? He's getting worse. He used to contradict himself a couple of days later. We've now got the contradiction within the same sentence. What's happened? Have both his ganglia fired at the same moment?
shord is voke
*NO MENTION ABOUT RIDDING US OF MASK WEARING.*
Who remembers when Boris served tea  Now he's serving us with lies
And how am I supposed to react to this-
At least it's a start.
A Boris lockdown so successful it's enabled Sweden and Florida to carry on as normal lol
He's continually made false claims and broken his promises, why should we trust he will not cave to pressure  from business interests yet again?
Government may have dates for people to go back to theatres, pubs, etc. That doesn't mean the public will be comfortable for quite a while! I also wonder what will happen if we have 500,000 deaths worldwide from the virus this winter, how various societies are going to react. 500,000 Flu deaths doesn't bother people, but 500,000 Covid-19 deaths after 18 months of lockdowns around the world could get a reaction. One that isn't good...
So it's a just a new flu then...? Ummmm ooook ! Called it!
Haven't got my popcorn but entertained by this comment section, I am.
What do Boris Johnson and Pope Francis have in common. Sunday law.the merchants of the world and the kings of the world bow to Pope Francis Rome.This is in the King James Bible God Jesus holy word that you hate. Sorry for being such a loser. Sunday climate change forced worship. Dark ages no biblical truth. You know the story.......TIME. THE BOOK OF DANIEL REVELATION, REVELATION DANIEL
*THIS COUNTRY IS GETTING WORSE. NO TO THE STINKIN VACCINE PASSPORTS.*
2:01 Surprised he hasn't outgrown them
That’ll never happen.
H5N8 ...
Most ppl are no better than animals, that dont have intelligent, because they dont use their intelligent, and to the secret orders that exists, you are steaks on the table by choice and consent and will always be suffered and played for fools by ppl who do use they brain.
stop breixt
