"Nintendo's not always great." Yeah they're daamn worst.
17:00 Wish granted!
The year is 2025. I watched this video earlier in the year and waited for a sale. Bought the game on sale hoping at least this weekend I could find some online games. The online is completely dead. Oh well. I only paid like 15 aud for it and the 2 or so hours I've played by myself with bots has been a blast
I'm glad the #JusticeForKeeby hashtag worked.
And then a new Airriders game was announced, the end.
"Nothing about a Mario Kart game matters until the final lap"- this is absolutely true. There are stages where the best strategy is to hang back in 9th place or worst then use overpowered items to win the race. It's called bagging.
17:01 Wish granted
#JusticeForKeeby
Antdude enthusiastically rambling about the Kirby franchise is one of my favorite things to listen to
I just bought this game like a week ago and even though I know the online scene is dead I’ve been playing against CPU but it’s not a problem because it is so much fun especially on the hottest difficulty. This is such a fantastic game and I really hope it gets a sequel.
If you really think about it this game is just Kirbys gourmet race 2
At this point, hope Nintendo port Kirby planet robobot, triple deluxe and epic yarn to switch from the 3DS
There’s even a Kirby Cafe?! 😂lol never knew that until now, would love to go there😋
earnestly dying for another beefy spinoff like this before the next game starts coming
11:12 im in the game and the video lmao I’m gonna try to get the game now
Damit this dude made me want to have all kirby games I did it all for zelda and i was collection arc system stuff but now i must try whit kirby
The fact that they brought back Burning for this game is really funny
That Fzero part aged well.
As someone who once played this obsessively, I can say there is a method of getting most of the bonus strawberries. Just go for 5 stacks and other non-strawberry fruits.
I loved this game so much, it was the first nintendo game I every 100%ed, and I've played a lot of nintendo.
This game is so dead online unfortunately unlike games like Super Kirby Clash that still has a very active online multiplayer because of two things, it's a free game to download and it isn't region locked when you play online. It also helps that Super Kirby Clash fixed the main issues with the Free to Play style that Team Kirby Clash Deluxe had, making it far easier to get Gem apples to keep playing the game, especially if you have Nintendo Switch Online. For some reason, every other Kirby game that has online multiplayer on the Switch is region locked and I have no idea why. It really takes away from the potential players you could match up with. Sure I have played matches in Super Kirby Clash with players from Japan and there was a lot of lag, but sometimes it didn't really lag at all when I played with Japanese players. Future Kirby games and even other Nintendo IPs need to stop region locking the online because it makes the online more limited than it already is.
Kir
First time in ages antdude isn't suffering in the thumbnail
I’m a newer Kirby fan so having callbacks in games like this to other games helps me immerse myself further into this franchise to the point where I’m crocheting a Marx jester hat for myself. This game is also super cute; I definitely put so many hours in to collect everything😅
Sadly, playing it now, and in the future, not much people are gonna play it that much.
Are ALL 2-D Kirby games main series games?
3:27 do you really want another Mini ability?
God, I wish they'd give Dream Buffet an update. It's addictive!
Fun Fact: The game is known as Kirby's Gourmet Festival in Japan and China.
Has the anime gotten it's Blu-ray yet?
Not even joking it’s been more than 1 he are since this game came out and I’ve put in 25 hours into it. Still not unlocked everything
I like this game, it makes me hungry
Not so much fall guys... reminds me more of Kirby Katamari.
0:52 he's just a lil guy 🥺💕
The hands are called the surver hands
And now were one year in, the game boring bc of no update so yeah its mid now but was incredible at launch
I'll be honest, I never made a connection between Dream Buffet and Fall Guys.
I got Dream Buffet last week. It's a great game!  Of the Kirby games I played on the Nintendo Switch, this is my second favorite; Star Allies is my personal favorite.   Using Kirby here makes up for the lackluster main story of Star Allies; it's even cooler to change his color as cosplay as characters like Marx and Daroach.   Can't say that I'm disappointed with this game nor your review.
To the people complaining about how Kirby got so many games in such a short amount of time, might I remind them, last time I checked, Nintendo aren't the ones developing the Kirby games.
I still play super kirby clash
HOnestly you are 100% right. Don't be mad at Kirby be mad the other franchises aren't getting the same level of love.
I adore the fact that the this game's theming makes calling the levels "courses" a double entendre...
can we get a keebysweep
Question five, multiple choice.  which of these is NOT a lazy Kirby game?  A. Kirby Tilt And Tumble B. Kirby And The Rainbow Curse C. Kirby Canvas Curse D. Kirby Dream Buffet  (<)                                                                         (>)
In my headcanon, Dream Buffet was the result of the HAL workers who wanted to complete that Tilt & Tumble 2 prototype got together with the artists/designers who worked on Rainbow Curse and the ones who wanted to remake Air Ride to pitch a Kirby spin-off in the vein of Fall Guys that secretly advertises the Kirby Cafés.
11:18 Reminds me of that one cursed Return to Dreamland mod video of Fatty Puffer with Meta Knight's model.
Kirby is the best series, hands down.
Anti-Kirby community!??!? Whoever those people are, you're insane and need to get a new brain!
13:22 man it's crazy to see how much attention hal labs pays to the kirby franchise. I mean come on refrencing KEEBY, it sounds like something a fan game might do but nope hal got us eating good just like our pink puffball.
WHY!? I NEED ME MY ENGLISH ANIME KIRBY!!!
drEAm buFfEt is A RIp oFf Of fALL gUYs!!!
Nintendo you fool I still have one left
6 months later I still find lobby’s of full players. For anyone who still wants to get the game
Antdude: Next Year, We're Gonna Have A Bit Of A Break, Right? RTDLD (Return To Dreamland Deluxe) Allow Me To Introduce Myself.
I wish they kept adding more stages to race through or battle on If I’m not mistaken like you basically get all the race courses in battle courses basically one through 50 and that’s basically it we could’ve did more than that😅
The game is basic but it’s super fun I just wish they added bosses into the game for you to battle by yourself or are you in the NPC’s battle together that would be fun
Kirby got that cheese puff mouth
Mario Dream Buffet
can’t believe the most fanservice-y kirby game is the one where kirby gets fat
dre bufet best gaame
I don't care about the opinions of the others kirby NEED EVEN MORE GAMES
I’m gonna say this game is _really_ fun when you play with friends. I know that sounds obvious, but screaming at each other when crazy things happen is honestly hilarious. Especially when you somehow manage to tie. *twice*
No anger, just cake....lol
From my estimation Kirby in this game will be 0.0026 inches tall since his natural height is 8 inches
I’m still getting full lobbies
You just sold me on this game! So many cool unlockables to earn!
2:08 Now it would be tied with the 3DS with the upcoming Kirby’s Return to Dream Land Deluxe. 😊
I've been rewatching Antdude's entire Kirby playlist regularly for a few days now.  Please, either send help, or send Kirby games.  Preferably Kirby games.
Antdude: we are not getting another Kirby game next year HAL: how about a remake?
P O Y O !
10:11 yes that's why I don't like items in Mario kart.
My 600ib. Kirbo   Monday Nights at 8
Choclate? Choclate?! CHOOOOCLAAAATE!!!!!!!!CHOOOOCLAAAATE!!!!!!!!CHOOOOCLAAAATE!!!!!!!!CHOOOOCLAAAATE!!!!!!!! *eats in frenzy* AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA!!!!!!
Most of the stages are to simer
it would be amazing if dream buffet had a city trials like gamemode
Funny thing about mentioning the spray paint cans for colors they actually brought over a bunch of those colors for example the grape color palette got brought over. There is probably a lot more color ports but the most noticeable is grape
I know about the yellow Kirby's name is Keeby. But so help me if the green one's name isn't Kiwi.
"Giving Mouthful Mode a New Meaning" 🤨📸
this is basically a more chaotic city trial
I want a new city trial-esque kirby game with the same burning intensity that I want Sega to bring back the chao garden
Hammond death is a really sad moment especially after the end of the game
Not even Mario got this treatment for his anniversary
Dream Course and City Trial both need new releases with online play, that shit would go so hard
Basically, do ya think Kirby should have a movie? Mario is going to have one, Sonic had 2...so far(;, and even Doom had a movie... Why?
bro the Kirby video lasts til tomorrow, that's wack
Who’s into the game because of Something About Kirby’s Dream Buffet?!
Chocolate
Tilt and Tumble lives!😁
The only thing I don’t like about this game is how you can’t have 4 people on one switch. If you could it would be the best party game.
Kirby doesn't need to go this hard with their anniversaries but they do anyway, even on smaller spinoffs.
im not making a school yard debate about dream cafe im making a debate ABOUT WHETHER MY CLASS MATES EVEN KNOW WHAT KIRBY IS OR NIT
Kirby’s Dream Buffet kind of feels like it’s one of those expanded sub-games we used to get just without the sub-game being in forgotten land.
HAL has always been goated. Ever since they made Pokemon Stadium 1 and 2 i have never slept on them. Not even once
I actually like star allies,especially the final boss.for me it was the hardest one.
This kind of makes me wish that hell Laboratories were in charge of zelda, maybe then we would have gotten something substantial for his anniversary last year
Okay I'm not complaining at all because I freaking love kirby, but why didn't we get this amount of love for Zelda when it was his anniversary? We got almost nothing except for Skyward Sword. We are now getting three Kirby games so far, one coming out next year but still counts cuz they announced it. And yeah that last one is a remake but a remake is all we got for Zelda
Man the ending of this video is really funny after the Direct
I played Kirby battle royale: goob. made me smile.
"it's the 5th Kirby game to be released on the Switch thus far".  Not even a month old and already a sixth is on the way. It would be the 7th if you count N64 Kirby in the online expansion.
Missed opportunity for Nintendo to call "TeaGreen"       "LeafGreen"
Never before did I know just how badly I needed to hear Ant say "You absolute nimrod."
"Money can't buy hapiness"  Kirby's Dream Buffet:
10:56 It’s interesting that you mention the Spray Paints from Amazing Mirror and Sqeak Squad; some of those unlockable colors are actually named directly after their respective spray paint colors! And it’s the first time since those games that some of those color palettes have been options, too.
So...does it have Gourmet Race music?
13:59 my man spitting facts right here, and this is coming from the disgruntled F-Zero fangirl that beat all the games on Master difficulty. Hal loves Kirby like no other studio, perhaps aside from Monolithsoft, loves their franchise. Imagine Gamefreak putting like 1% of this care into a Pokémon game, instantly becomes GOAT
Kirby has no right to be this cute but fluffy puffball games will never not make me smile :)
actually kirby's arms and legs reappear in canvas curse if he's K-oed
So antdude So you have a chaos emerald in your house and you didn’t tell us
I was kinda hoping for more unlockable stages, but maybe we’ll get more stages and costumes in an update in the future? Again being very hopeful here lol
Actual Kirby cafes just sounds so bloody stupid XD
17:28 "the best Spin-off on the Console yet" Meanwhile Mario Kart 8 Deluxe exists. And yes, that is a Spin-off.
All I want is Kirby’s New Dream Collection with Return to Dreamland, Triple Deluxe, and Planet Robobot ported to the switch.
Man. I love you and your videos, but...  Yes. We know. The 3DS is so freaking easy to hack it's unbelievable.
I can't belive they actually put Keeby in there I love it. Maybe I should give Dream Buffet a try after all
Super fat kirby smiling and waving is actually super  adorable.
I want a 1 hour video of him saying poyo
I see this game being a lot closer to Kirby Air ride rather than Fall guys. It's similar to fall guys for the obstacles and battle royale type gameplay but thats about it. The chaos, gameplay, 4 player limit, and race make it a lot more similar to the multiplayer fun you'd get in Kirby Air ride and I think thats pretty cool.
I remember when people started calling Fall Guys a dead game after it was out for only a month, not even. Considering how many people still play it, I think Dream Buffet will be fine for anyone who wants to play
13:56 Splatoon 3: hold my beer
To the people that are upset that there's too much Fire Emblem and Xenoblade chronicals. Different development teams do different things. It's not Monolithsoft's fault there's not a Pikmin 4, it's not Hal Lab's fault there's no new F Zero, and it's not Intelligent System's fault Paper Mario is bad. Well... actually yes it is.
Nintendo do be giving a lot of love to they're outher games But I think is sad that they kinda forgot about mario   Heck sonic is getting a new game and mario has been dormant scinse mario odessey  Ps:I'm not talking about stuff like bowser's  fury  I'm talking about "original" mario games like mario odessey or "super mario bros old delux"
"City Trial is still better, I'm not that crazy" Speaking from the heart, I love it
fake dude listen , nintendo should stop to make online multyplayers games of kirby and make a real game for 1 or 2 player. kirby is a secondary franchise i know but stolen gameplay from other stuff or a mini games collect is enough 😡😡😡😡😡😡
This seems about as fun as Raskulls multiplayer. Still having trouble exploring the online ranking system that apparently exists for documentation cause Wiki don't have information for some dumb reason, Half Brick please save me the trouble.
I just wish they did something special for the Zelda anniversary like they did with Kirby and Mario
I will Not? Man, i was already designing the Discord for That!
I love this game purely for bringing back Burning, my favorite ability.
I feel like when Nintendo needs to fill a release slot they just conjure up another kirby game. Not complaining though.
.....I ordered the giant 30th anniversary plush 🥲💖💞
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IaOeVgZ-wc&t=4425s
The controls seem fine in offline matches. I just get horrendous input lag online.
Only real argument is fall guys is free, that's it tho lol
Fzero is literally on the level of starving children in Africa when it comes to Nintendo. Not a joke, just a harsh analogy.  Give it a damn game. Kirby, Mario and Pokemon are over done.
Itsa my birthday!
12:56 theres a tasty tidbit in the game that says theyre actually called "server hands"! so i think its even more interesting to the wierd master hand/crazy hand lore!
Party games existed longer than many of the fall guy gamers have been born, so no, FALL GUYS did not inspired any of this. Let fall guys be forgotten again
Man we had to get this but couldn't get just a cool kirby racing new game instead. A fake racing instead.
I think this AntDude guy likes Kirby a bit but I'm not completely sure
The thing I'm most hype about is the Keeby representation. Like genuinely
I'm enjoying this game so much!
"You're not gonna start a competitive Dream Buffet league anytime soon"  ...Except Grand PooBear at least would totally start a competitive Dream Buffet league and he would do his damnedest to make it pretty hype to watch!
We demand a turn-based Kirby JRPG!
We got Metroid Dread last year and get Splatoon3 this fall. I am perfectly fine with getting a Kirby party game ontop of Forgotten World.
I sense the Kirby fan in You. Haha.
What I really love about this game is the variety of food that you get to see, it's honestly really surprising.
I think if HAL Lab's were to change publishers, they'd fit in with SEGA I'm just saying what I'm thinking. I'm saying it now, HAL Lab's is just Sonic Team with a fan base that actually appreciates them. By the way comparing it to Sonic Team and/or SEGA is supposed to be a good thing coming from me. I hope someday Sonic fans become positive again.
Oh God, these Kirby cafés are amazing. I need to go to one if I visit Japan.
Do you think Kirby has diabetes
Once again, Nintendo is Anti-Choice. Not doing the most basic, sensible things, for no obvious reason.
Hey AntDude, great video. I’m curious, do you have any plans to talk about Pac-Man World? I’d love a series retrospective after this recent remaster. Love your videos!
A mega chonky meta knight makes me giggle like an absolute fool, I'm here for it.
Talk about there is no game plz
Plz talk about there is no game plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!
This game is super fun, even if you play solo honestly. Though my favorite thing to do is to get online and roll up on some players and spam emotes while. Honestly, I don’t care if I suck at the game (which is true, I’m terrible) I still like getting on to have some fun and listen to some good Kirby music while slowly unlocking more Kirby goodness. Also, Keeby for the win. And also also, am I the only one hoping they give us a Kirby themed Game & Watch for the 30th anniversary? Just imagine that pink and gold combo with a light up Kirby star on the back. Put Kirbys adventure, dreamland 1&2, and a Kirby version of Fire, where you save your food and dodge Gordos. I would buy it in a heart beat.
They trying to pull a scot cawthon with this one
Dream Buffet is my new favorite after work relaxation game
I really hope they remaster or even just re release kirby air ride! so many good times in that game.
The boy. He roll. 10/10.
Yeah that’s great, but why couldn’t Nintendo do this with other characters like Mario, or Metroid, so on and so forth
There was killing intent when it came to who was gonna get that 50 cake, I tell you that.
BRO JUST RELEASE PIKMIN THREE ALREADY
Honestly, everyone criticizes the fact that the battle royal can have you go from first to fourth, but I’m actually happy about that cause that also means that there is no snowball effect where one player can get really far ahead and just secure first place early and then you’ll have a much harder time coming back. I feel like in a game like this, that aspect makes the game much better.
if you ever make a mario fan games video can you PLEASE talk about Mario and Luigi RPG Wariance
13:59 This was rude.     ...but yes
Isn't this just a 3-d version of Gourmet Race from Super Star?
This game looks so cute and fun and it has a lot of potential. It just bothers the heck out of me how inconsistent Nintendo is with their 1st party games online functionality.
It’s the ultimate Gourmet Race!
Keeby getting acknowledged made my week, love this game
people comparing this to fall guys, my man this is sushi cat kirby edition
Was this developed in house at HAL?
6:47 so does everyone in the online match have to have that stage unlocked? How does that work?
Crap, today is August 31st
The inevitable Gourmet Race remix rocks
The biggest kirby is literally the cutest thing ever
Is it me or are nintendo games all becoming games built around platforming on floating sky surfaces?
If news comes out that an F-Zero game was planned, but scrapped in order to produce this Kirby game, I'm kicking your door down.
Thinking about what franchises that get loads of releases vs those who barely get any There are franchises that get multiple games per system, like Mario, Kirby, and Fire Emblem  Those who get one or two games per console, like Splatoon, animal crossing, and legend of Zelda  Then there are the franchises that people want but aren’t being released kid icarus, F Zero, Star Fox, Pikmin, and Punch-Out are franchises who haven’t have a new “original game” on switch Metroid could potentially be elevated up to “at least one new game per system” with how well Dread did and depending on how well Prime 4 does when that eventually releases. The Mother series is finished but the third game still hasn’t been officially been released in the west, and no “remake” or “remaster” of the games has been made with modern day conveniences. And then there’s ice climbers who only had a single game, yet were added to Smash Brothers.
GUYS NINTENDO SWITCH ONLINE NOW HAS KIRBY'S DREAM BUFFET ICONS!?!?!?!
<?>
5:02 you’re so lucky you arranged those words like that Ant.
I love this game, the moment I realized there was a Morpho Knight skin on lvl 100 I was determined on getting there. And here I am :)
The Yellow Kirby is in germaney could yellowyellow ………………….super nice esteregg!!!
Fat kirby is not funny. Little do y’all know if u don’t think it’s funny. Kirby will indeed eat u
1:13 "you absolute NImrod"  I had no idea I'm a mighty hunter from the Bible :3
I'm starting to think that Nintendo intended Kirby to be they mascot
Thanks for bring up the time limit on the Kirby Music Fest. Would not have seen all if other wise.  Going to miss the clips of the dancing kirby.
Kirby dream buffet ad timing is silly
I'm freaking out because I encountered you during a random lobby and I kept wondering if it was the actual AntDude until now, woooo!!!!  Loving this review by the way, I feel pretty much the same in every aspect as a massive Kirby fan,  this game is greaaaat
The lack of local multiplayer kills it for me 😭 I play with my boyfriend and brother all the time. Having someone sit out or wait to play isn’t fun Nintendo!
I really think this game is a really cool 3D successor to Gourmet Race. It's such a unique concept.
Nintendo: "So sorry but we're delaying BOTW2 again cause we wanna." HAL: "HAVE ANOTHER KIRBY AND ANOTHER AND ANOTHER AND THEY'RE ALL GOLD! (albeit with a somewhat small player base)"
Fat Fuck Meta Knight is my favorite skin because of how absolutely random and ridiculous it makes the character
1:10 I take offense to that
nah people were upset on twitter because twitter is just an angery upset cesspool.  "more good new games? I'm going to make this about me and what I want, and turn it into a bad thing".
1:05 a FULL video? As in "being full"? Was that an intensional pun?
Why do you hate Activision
Please make a hollow knight video
so kirbymari damacy?
I wish Mario and other Nintendo *couch*metroid prime 4*cough* ip’s got as much love as Kirby is getting
The antman has finally returned😀yay
10:37 At last, an ancient mystery has been solved. Mister SHINE is the moon and Mister BRIGHT is the sun!
Fun Fact: Master hand also appears in I think nearly all kirby game over screens
Dream Buffet and Forgotten Land feel intended to be two halves of the anniversary game that Star Allies put into one. Forgotten Land was the new adventure, and Dream Buffet is the fan service. I also love that they put a lot of reference love into what I call the "ball spin offs".   I've somehow already gotten more than 30hrs into Dream Buffet. It's really nice to have a spin off that's not specifically combat based for the first time in what feels like a really long time. Like, there's conflict, but I'm not sure "fat blorbs rolling into each other" really counts as combat. The great thing about a game like this, that's relatively cheap and functions on short rounds, is that even if random lobby multiplayer starts dying off, this will still be a great "I just want to do something simple and stupid with friends" games. Password play is really easy to set up, and while I wish local play could be more than two it's still fun.  I do agree that more options would be nice. It feels like they were going for a very "quick to pick up and just go" style game, but even just optional options for local only would be nice.
I cant help but feel like HAL forgot an entire game.      WHY NO CRYSTAL SHARDS
Literally, Nintendo can make a Kirby game that can be a few seconds long… and this man can make a 20 minute video.
Kirby's game: Kirby is dragged into a planet that was long abandoned by its inhabitants after they harnessed the power of a transdimensional Parasite God for interstellar travel, and also frees the world's new animal-like inhabitants from the control of said parasite while also making friends with his compassionate half. Next Kirby's game: He thicc.
Lesson eat, always eat cake without using a fork. 😅😂🤣😄
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut?      The baa-baa shop.
@antdude bro someone made a yeth mod for that one fangame SRB2. Thought you should give that a look if you have the time. btw great work on this kirby video. god bless this pink ball of happiness.
is it bad that when he mentioned the costumes and colors i started desperatly hoping they'd keep them for games that come after?
This is more Katamari Damacy than Fall Guys, tbh.
This game reminds me of the old gourmet race minigame
"City trial is still better, Im not THAT crazy!"  XD Woooow that takes me back. Air ride was a triiiip
Repent to Jesus Christ “Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.” ‭‭Romans‬ ‭12:21‬ ‭NIV‬‬ J
HAL-lelujah!
My dude looks so well kept in this video. It is like whenever kirby gets more and more good releases Antdude starts glowing up.
The music festival disappears on the 31st  Yes and I’m sure you’ve already downloaded the livestream, I know I have 🥰
POYO!!!!!!  All kidding aside - this was probably Nintendo being Nintendo and hedging their bets  Yeah, we'll let you EXPERIMENT with your freakish 3D... ... ... ... ... ... shit :P But we're gonna put a more TRADITIONAL Kirby concept into production JUST IN CASE...  Basically what they did with the Metroid Prime series where there were a bunch of one-note 2D Metroid and Metroid rereleases done at the same time -nod-
Kirby when he couldn’t get the bonuses: You took my only food! Now I’m gonna STARVE!!!
BeatEmUps unfairly trashed this game so THANK YOU for giving this game the treatment it deserves! It's definitely not perfect, but it's totally worth the price and you can get many hours of mindless (and competitive) fun!
Battle Royale Kirby. I dub thee, Fork Knife.
I play online with my son in a party and basically spend the whole time blocking and shoving the other two players so that he can win.
13:23 do people not know keeby?
This game makes me wanna buy it even though I don't own Nintendo online and have multiple drift joycons. Kinda weird since they haven't fixed that issue yet.
I mostly get players of four in online👍
Ant ”There’s never a set strategy to generate victory”  Some guy on YouTube ”Can I get 10 victories in a row in Kirby Dream Buffet”
Master Hand and Crazy Hand are now Kirby Characters.  :P I'd love to get this game once I get a Switch(Broke Collage student troubles).
4:07 While everyone’s comparing Kirby’s Dream Buffet to Fall Guys, I’m sadly the only one who doesn’t as of submitting this comment.  I compared it to Sushi Cat.
HEY ANTDUDE CAN YOU TALK ABOUT XENOBLADE CHRONICLES SERIES
This is high jumps first appearance since return to Dreamland,me an intellectual Kirby and the forgotten land had hi-jump just what do you call the hammer super jump?
A new Kirby is NEVER enough And you know what?! If Kirby sell, let the Kirbo roll
1:42 finally someone mentions Kirby Battle Royale
You know, I always wondered why we don't have a main Kirby game that focuses soles on food yet, I would actually like that.
Everyone: Fall guys rip off Me: Air ride sequel?
naw kirby is the fall guy's but they added alot of kirby. also ye dis game gud
"I know it's Kirby's *30th* anniversary"  I am incredibly horrified by how nonchalantly you just blew passed that.
good game
Nintendo doesnt make kirby they only publish it! Its HAL Labs that make all these amazing games (they deserve the credit)
Why, a new Kirby Dream Course wouldn't have been bad either
I want this but 15 bucks like what cmon Nintendo this has 4 modes like why. I am not paying 15 dollars 😒.
Wow, Dream Buffet. Isn't this just the Kirby version of Fall Guys?
MOAR KIRBEEEEE PLEEEEASE
They reference Keeby? Sold
6:50 I imagine that cake would be a nice and moist Angel Cake.
I just don’t get why this isn’t free to play. This is not something you should pay to play!
6:04 Wasn’t expecting someone with the name “Xenophanes” to show up in the footage but there it is.
I love this game, also happy with the price since Nintendo tends to make these types of games way to expensive
You have NO IDEA just how OVERJOYED I was to see Keeby and Master Hand & Crazy Hand in another Kirby game again after so many years of waiting!
Honestly I'd say it's more like Katamari Damacy than Fall Guys, but I'm not complaining, it's cute and it's Kirby.
I haven't even got to the Forgotten Land yet. I finally got to Poekemon Legends Arceus recently and I do want Xenoblade 3. How am I supposed to keep up with you Nintendo!?
“Can’t buy it physically, might as well not exist”  You know that’s how a lot of people are thinking. If I had friends who played video games, I’d be all over this game… but it doesn’t look like a great solo adventure. Does look cool though.
They might as well make tilt and tumble 2 at this point and a RPG would be nice
my first reaction "Fall Guys but kirby"
Ah, yes: Gourmet race, definitive edition
I wish Keeby was the second player in forgotten land
Nope, it's intentional. Some of the unlocks DEEP into the game are literally spray colours.
Dream Buffet’s fan service makes this such a great anniversary game! Now the question is: which game has better fanservice is better: Star Allies or this? Star Allies was REALLY good, but Dream Buffet’s got more deep cuts for longtime fans.
Hi
The people that say it gets boring quickly probably just played way too much of it in a short time. People probably played hours of it at launch and then got turned off from it forever. I play a few matches a day and still haven’t gotten bored
0:53: I could very much say the exact same thing to the Splatoon haters.
HALelujah, this game's good!
Let be honest kirby battle Royale was actually a pretty good game
Hey Ant, there's another Kirby spinoff that came out that you should take a look at, it's called Tribal Hunter :3
you can play the music you want if you go to it from the rewards menu and the press Y when you are playing your next (offline) race, it will play.
I swear to god every time I think they exhausted fanservice for kirby they pull out some shit from even deeper poket. Who tf knew about keeby
The Kirby series is my favorite video game series and Dream Buffet is just wonderful.
why didn't you talk about free rolling? It's a very underrated and fun tutorial stage to explore and I love it
Cant believe antdude missed the opportunity for a kirby gets phet joke xD
Kirby got fet.
"The antikirby community" what like 2 people😉
Never played a Kirby game in my life.
Name a cuter video game character than Kirby. I will wait
dang i was really thinking of getting this until i realized i wouldn't be able to play it locally with more than one other person...
I've played nothing but Dream Buffet in the last couple of weeks. Probably my favorite Kirby Spin-Off. No matter how many rounds I play the game is just so much fun, even with Computer Players. Aiming for level 99 currently
This video made me realise that Kirby might actually be an objectively ten out of ten series. Consistently good games, respect for the fans, a well liked anime, CAFE'S, quality music and the list goes on. Seriously, there are no low points here. THIS, is how you do a goddamn franchise
I would've bought a switch and this game instantly if Kirby would run first and then began to roll as he got too fat
Please make a new City Trial mode! That would be incredible.
Keeby got Fat
It's funny how many people get upset at Kirby spinoff games releasing really close to the mainline games despite that being pretty consistently what H.A.L. does.
Today I learned AntDude is a Feeder.
9:16 *laughs in 3ds*
When I first saw this game my first thought wasn’t “its a fall guys clone” but rather “its a follow up to gourmet race”
A lot of Kirby games are either too easy or mediocre, but I think this era of 3D Kirby is making everything WAY better
My mom loves this game. She's never played a Kirby game before, she's not even good at the game she just thinks it's cute and fun and I think that's the best way to describe this game.
The rock band dreamland power theme is the music for the last couple seconds for the battle royal, and is the best music EVER!
Nimrod is my old name
I like how the Dream Fork is remiscent of the Star Rod's design. Not only is the end gold, but it also has the red-white swirl on the handle. I wouldn't be surprised if this was straightup intentional considering how much in the series they dug through for this game
0:53 This is the destroyer of universes.
Make a Fall Guys video now
Don't even talk to me about Kirby Cafe. They were all popups that went away right before I went to Japan and then they all came back as permanent cafes right after I left. I was heartbroken.
I’m surprised that you didn’t talk about the kirby ice cream
My 5 year old daughter loves this game so much. When she plays we can tell when she wins because she starts screaming and jumping up and down lolol
a game you cant even play without a subscription to the worst online service
nintendo releasing more free mobile games for money lmao nintendo fans are the most easy to please
What baffles me is every1 goes for OMG KIRBY FALL GUYS before thinking at least anything about the fact a food race game has existed in kirby before  Gourmet race
2:25. Jeez! It's Super Mario 3D All-Stars all over again.  4:03. I didn't even think of Fall Guys until he mentioned it.
So a thing about choosing music at 15:27, you actually CAN choose music although It's offline only. An in-game tip says that if you go to the rewards list, leave the cursor on the one track you want, then start a Race or Grand Prix while holding Y, that track will play during the race.  I don't know why it's that way but... it just is, I guess.
idk man this game is neat but when are we going to get another collection the 20th anniversary wont be topped without a collection
The lag when playing online is atrocious
please nintendo please remaster air ride
I wish i could play it... But i can't with the whole NAT system means i can't play with anyone. Same as with Switch sport. Money outta the window :/
Fighters 2 still has a competitive scene with crazy tech
I NEED A NEW CITY TRIALS!!!!!!!!!
Well I really appreaciate this game while I only played grand prix since is feel the most complete expirience for me it was a lot of fun to unlock, the fan service was really good only behind star allies in my opinion and one thing that nobody need to forget tgat you can taunt on the go meaning this game give very easy access to super happy kirby and shocked kirby
I played battle royale and it was pretty good also dedede had a mech
This game have a local 4coop?
I wish Kirby fighters 2 got to market itself. Then maybe the competitive KF2 community would be bigger as it stands tournaments are infrequent and finding games with good players is hard :(
I love this game, I play with my husband and we have so much fun
Keeby is a Kirby? But yellow
Kirby Ball Party
Was waiting for this upload I knew it would happen ♥️♥️♥️
You know somebody's gonna start a competitive league and take this game way too seriously
Fat Kirby it's Anthony's spirit animal
AntDude is in heaven and as person who just joined the Fandom, I’m climbing those stairs.
What is wrong with you, why would you end a nice video with swearing, what on earth was your reasoning behind that, its stupid
After a week of playing I've reached Gourmet Rank 80. A few tips: 1. Jump to avoid rolling up slopes and land on obstacles to roll off them for more speed. The terrain is never flat so there are always ways to go faster. 2. Collect cherries, blueberries, and raspberries when you see them. The first endgame bonus is guaranteed to require one of them. (The other bonuses are on the wiki.) 3. It is usually better to use copy abilities than hold onto them. Until you get rid of your current ability, all food boxes will only contain strawberries. 4. If you can't outmaneuver an opponent in battle royale, jumping off stage is better than getting hit even if you can't fly back. Dream Buffet is not a super deep competitive game, but there is more skill to it than you might think.
Also I really wish the Spray Cans from Amazing Mirror [and Squeak Squad] made a comeback in mainline Kirby
"'The final round is so chaotic, it's like the previous rounds don't even matter' No? Did you just get 4th place and got really mad?" Really gonna call ScottFalco out like that, eh Ant?
I've been playing a lot and it's fun! I liked the food like elements to the game.
I didn't know you could customize the podium. I better look into that next time I play.
I want to eat everything I see in this video.
Kirby best Poyo. This game looks fun and one day I'll get it. Hopefully before people stop playing. I love Kirby
one time I had a cpu in the game named EyeBelly...
I haven't checked the comments at all but in order to listen to whatever music you unlock, even if it's only the race music, you gotta go on the rewards menu. A jukebox for everything would have been nice, or even a soundtest mode or something.         Also the free rolling is one giant hal room
The game is a 10/10 because me and my friends are skins you can basically be me, Taranza, Magolor, Marx, have Ribbon and Elfilin on you. And even wear Morpho Knight’s mask. (Totally not sponsored)
I wonder when you'll review Pizza Tower
Am I the only one craving cake after watching. It looks amazing, and now Im hungry
Kirby has its 30th birthday just like me :D I find  it funny because kirby was my first game that i played on the og gameboy and the second was castlevania the adveture.... take a guess which one i liked more ;)
Antdude is the most whole youtuber ever which pairs well with the most wholesome Nintendo nay Gaming character dver.
AntDude has gonna longer videos out of games with less content than this one... don't underestimate him XD
This game is blessed
Well, he did it. The most mediocre, nothing special, middle of the road, YouTuber reviewed the most mediocre, average, run of the mill Kirby game out right now!  Jk, I actually love this game!
Where’s the hp lovecraften monster?
So glad you mentioned similarities to city trial, because I view this as the new kirby air ride!
I watched this video and then immediately bought dream buffet. Whether that's a testament to the quality of the video or my own inability to control my impulses, I couldn't tell you
The king dedede remixes from the 30th Anniversary festival are unlocked on level 135
guys how Kirby have random overpowered magic items just laying around for young babies to use? my only complaint is no eldlich horror at the end...come on HAL
most sane kirby fanboy
When I saw the overview trailer I thought this was a tilt and tumble sequel… Until it clarified it was not…
10:12 Oh trust me, *they'll try.* They will try. You make a multiplayer game out of it, They'll make a *Smogon* out of it.
free rolling is really fun too and if you hit wispy enough he cries
wait there’s rumble
wait the canons are in the races
I like the callback to battle royale that game was neat
But where on the ranking does it go?
I heard there is also a Pokémon cafe in a real poke center in japan and a Mario cafe in Super Nintendo world
WAIT THE ORCHESTRA IS GONNA GO AWAY NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WAIT THAT GAMECUBE GAME HAD NEW FOOTAGE WAIT MORE ANIME?!?!?!?!
l really love this game
0:53 Smug son of a-- You just HAD to bring that up! 😡
I wasn't overly interested in the game at first but man is it addicting! I really hope they support the game going forward, as unlikely as that may be
a yes gurmet race the videogame
since they've been mentioned i want to talk about Keeby, A lot of people have been calling any yellow kirby Keeby, Keeby is only in dream course, Yellow kirby is their own entity in games, please stop calling every yellow kirby Keeby
Okay hang on I’m so sorry AntDude? My man I unironically went against you and was blissfully unaware. The clip at 8:18, I was the one using Meta Navy with the Adeline and Ribbon hat named Kirbo. I explicitly remember your colors and name, even that you changed to full Adeline and Ribbon set(both hat and colors) during our matches.. …my dude, it was an honor failing to you XD
YOOO 8:18 THAT KIRBO WAS ONE OF MY FRIENDS HE HAD THE SAME HAT AS YOU DID
In the final round, items seem to be less responsive though. Like, if you are a single milimetre removed from the ground, it doesn't trigger at all.
Bro Hal is an independent company who doesn’t own the rights to make a new f zero they own 50% of Kirby because iwata knew if Nintendo published Kirby it could reach a wider audience
Now that I have found you, I can say that I owe you a subscribe.  Thank you for bringing more of the cute Kirby content in here! I always need more Kirby so I've just been eating up videos about it all. (heh.)
Nimrod might be my favourite word in the English language.
It's amazing. I'm subscribed to someone who generally dislikes this game and somebody who loves this game.
I feel that it is a modernized remade version of gourmet race, and that was the core premise.
Everyone keeps calling it Kirby Fall Guys, but it's more like Kirby Gourmet Race Deluxe.
i played kirby battle royale! i hold that game so dear to my heart, that game came out of my birthday when i was a kid and my parents bought it for me and i cried lol
Absolutely love this game. The gameplay has so much depth with super simple mechanics. Wish they would add a mode without bonus strawberries tho. I’ve gotten first place in 3 out of 4 events but ended up finishing in 3rd after bonus strawberries like 6 times 😤🤬😡
My problem with this game is that I don’t have the online service and this game won’t have much value for me.
I want Keeby in the next Smash game!
I love how all the waddles dees have names like waddle John or something they just put waddle and something random next to it….     Oh wait
2:30 good to know that my birthday present from Nintendo is them removing content for the sake of their forced exclusivity practices.
Kirby's Dream Buffet would also make for an excellent addition to the Nintendo Switch Online Expansion Pack, if HAL and Nintendo ever decide to go down that route. Giving more players access to the online multi-player would give it an additional boost of life and relevancy.
woo new video
Ya know i really like the details of this game... Even Waddle Dee cpu have a name like: Waddolor, Waddle Knight, Waddlini, Waddlecia, etc it's so cool.. but usually their cosmetic didn't match with their names
Do Pac-Man World Re-Pac Review. AntDude or is Act-Man. No wait it's Ant-Man. Lol
HAL Laboratory is full of nothing but goats.
Theres most certainly going to be some sort of "De-De-DLC" Coming
Biggest YouTube I saw complain about Kirby getting another small game was Arlo lol
weirdly with the concert thing thats...not a nintendo thing thats a japan thing in general. Most music companies in japan don't like recordings of their concerts (game or otherwise) posted ANYWHERE but on the DVD that just happens to sell after the concert so you can experience it all again.
Dream Buffet game looks cute and fun, but I do question its staying power. I've heard from many sources that it just is really too light on content for the $15 price tag especially in comparison to other eShop games.   I've also heard the mini-games just lack variety and that the whole package gets repetitive after  you've played even for a little while. I do enjoy Kirby games, but this game seems like it would just leave me hungry for more to see and do.
Has Nintendo not heard of “Rollback Netcode?”
Kirby's Dream Buffet huh? I'll have to look into it.
To think casuals are saying this game should have been free with micro transactions... that's the dumbest take you can make about a game all about an easy to go party game.  Like seriously, I just paid the 20 bucks needed to get the entire deal out of Super Kirby clash and I went hog wild on completing it. Micro transactions only work for games with planned updates, Nintendo shouldn't bother with those for their franchises.
Watching this video of Kirby rolling around stages that contain nothing but cakes, cookies, and all sorts of sweets made me hungry for sugar. Then I remembered that we had cake in the fridge and I had to pause the video to take a few bites.  Makes me afraid to buy the game because I fear I would want nothing more but to eat sweets whenever playing!
KIrby's face when he sees the giant cake is the best thing that happened/will happen this year.
"The Kirby Orchestra Videos will be availiable until 31/8/22"  Every YouTube Video Downloader in existence: *Allow us to introduce ourselves*
15:14 player choice is certainly the biggest issue with this game. Why do I care about unlocking all these music disks if the only time I can intentionally listen to them is in the lobby? I want to choose the music that might play when I play an actual round. Because honestly the more low and slow songs id rather have not show up. I want the music that plays to be hype every time.
I freaking LOVE Dream Buffet. It's such a fun game to play when you want something short to play with a friend.   I wish other Nintendo franchises did stuff like this in terms of high quality cheap multiplayer games, because I think more good little games are just so much more fun at times than many long higher priced games.
Let's play on antplays???
12:23 NGL I kinda hate block ball. Like I love kirby but *my goodness* this game is tough as nails and I cant handle it sometimes.
I actually cannot stand Kirby games... I'm only watching this cuz I enjoy your work. Lol
Maybe I am wrong but isn't Kirby a girl?
Original comment
This game was the first time I've been pleasantly surprised by Nintendo in a while. Plenty of games that I expected to be good were good, and games that I expected to be good that ended up being mediocre, but I went into this expecting it to be mediocre and ending up playing for hours and hours. It's some good stuff honestly
I'm so hyped! I love your videos
I had no idea Keeby was a separate character that exists lmao I love when games are full of little references to their series especially the obscure stuff like this
theyre gonna make a dining set based on the dream fork just wait
Ok so Plot twist: Kirby is rolling around so he can taste the cake (which is the ground) while on the move
neat.
As an avid F-Zero fan it really isn’t Kirby’s fault for not having a new game despite it being a joke lol  Kirby is developed by Hal not Nintendo so pretty much Nintendo has no say in what Hal does but Nintendo does have a say in F-Zero which mainly requires them to use 3rd parties for the series’ development.
Another addition to the odd Kirby Ball saga.
When i saw that trailer  I knew this is gonna be a good year even with all that has happened
Speaking of the whole "Nintendo has so many series, so why give Kirby so many games so quickly?" and that bit about "Kirby getting games doesn't take away from other series", Jon just did a vid on Good Vibes Gaming explaining how Nintendo works and is structured and why certain series don't get games nearly as often. So yeah, Kirby getting a game is not the reason why you don't get an F-Zero game. Hal does not make those games.
15:28 actually, this is not entirely true, you can select which songs to play although only in the offline grand prix races & single races. All you do is hover over the song you want to play in the rewards menu then, when entering an offline grand prix or single race, hold X as you enter a match. it’s dumb but it works  where is did this obscure ass information come from? why, the Tasty Tidbits from the Home Table that most people wouldn’t read  those tidbits also reveal many different “lore” bits & gameplay mechanics like pressing the right stick can zoom the camera and hide the hud for screenshots the fact that the hands *aren’t* Master Hand & Crazy Hand, but instead the Server Hands, a completely separate character and the fact that the Dream Fork is a *_legendary artifact_* that grants wishes  This franchise man..
I just wish Zelda was given this amount of love during its 35th anniversary… Kirby deserves all the love tho
I love that HAL looked at Star Allies and how it references past games and said: "What if we do it again, but also call back to forgotten games in the franchise while little Kirbies get fat in the cutest way?" And I love it!!🥰💗
Dunno why Kirby Forgotten Land has to run 30 fps. I didnt get it. Im waiting for a heavy price drop.
This game reminds me of katamari
I would buy this came but only 2players local instead of four
Usually every main Kirby game has gotten a spin-off so I’m not surprised we got this game
Guys... guys I think AntDude is a Kirby fan...
Put Kirby in any Horror Game or Series, and He'll still be Cute.  Nothin can stop the kirb.       WOOO KIRBY BUFFET IS AMAZING THOUGH
Honestly my first instinct after seeing the trailer for this for the first time was "oh man ant dude is definitely gonna make a video on that, can't wait"
You can actually eat the strawberries on the cake im the main menu
I just got a copy of kirby tilt and tumble at a flea market today. Can't wait to play through it.
Imma stick with fall guys since it’s free. Hopefully the creators will take a break and try out doing another animated series with Kirby again. That would reinterest me into the series again since I thought the new Kirby 3d game was disappointing since you can’t play as another character after the game.
1:58 YOOOOOOOOO it was an honor losing to you that game o7
Ant dude must have saw my fall guys comment on the announcement trailer
Summer 2022. Never forget.
Is that Opera GX I spy on your monitor?
I want to buy either Forgotten Land or Dream Buffet but I can't decide which one. Which one should I get?
Antdude getting excited over obscure references to old content feels so nice, reminds me of the 8 hours video of the entire Bomberman franchise and how the dude just got excited over minor references to old games in random spots "in this cutscene you can see Nitros and one of the 5 dastardlies", and even excited about the references and callbacks in the ecchi game Bombergirls (seriously, how did a semiporn game have more respect for the legacy of the franchise than Bomberman R?).   I don't know man, something about franchises acknowledging their past including the obscure stuff is always neat, proves that the devs care about what they are working with.
I love this game so much
5:00 "out eat your opponents" was certainly a dangerous choice of words but played off perfectly lmao
Everytime I see a new Kirby game the first thought I have is "Wonder what Antdude's gonna think" lol
It’s always good to hear Ant be passionate about Kirby
I have this game! I LOVE IT!!!!
1:12 Okay, I'm not sure who Nimrod is, but I'm pretty sure he lived in the fifties. My handle is Maverick, a'ight? Better ask somebody!  Every time I simply hear "nimrod," that line from the Need for Speed movie plays in my head 🤣
Y'know what really gets me about the lag issues? The over reactions I've seen of it. Like apparently this one game's lag issues is enough to just write off the Switch as a failure....as if games are only bad on a Nintendo console....as if you would never see something this kind of hardware hiccups on the PS5 or Xbox One-Okay you probably guessed the punchline by now so just here it is -  https://youtu.be/ihsRc27QVco?t=1041
Kirby is like the only franchise that can hype me with just a remix of the boss + dedede theme from pinball land  It's cool that the 30th anniversary spin off game had so many spin off remixes.
Hi antdude I love this and I hope you have a good day and you are awesome
Nintendo have spoiled you this year mate
Yay, but you gotta ask though….  WILL THEY MAKE A LEGIT RPG KIRBY?!
And here I am being the weirdo that went straight to Katamari. v(-_-)v
0:21 The complains come from the Star Fox & F-Zero Fans.
This game feels like it has the staying power the other Kirby multiplayer games didn’t have because a cutesy pick up and play Kirby racing game seems like it has a lot more appeal than a Kirby fighting game or a free to play game, since those feel a bit more niche, from everything I’ve seen and whatnot.  The game looks fun, and considering I would only ever want it for two player local or playing on streams… I MIGHT pick it up? But the question of staying power is a huge factor, for sure.
man i am just happy the meta navy skin has his little blushes again
I think my favorite references in this game are the online Kirby CPU names. There’s stuff like “Zero2sOwie” and “DededeSoul”. Heck, there’s even one called Neichel, the character who sings welcome to the new world in universe, and in the 30th Anniversary Concert.  Edit: also there’s one called Q.Joronia, possibly Sectonia’s original name? Leave it to Hal Labs to put Lore in Freakin CPU names.
Literally my first thought when seeing the Spring and Needle food abilities was that they look similar to shapes Kirby morphed into after being pulled into the portal in Forgotten Land intro cutscene,  and I thought “they literally introduced Mechanic of Kirby stretching to fit something in his mouth so they could make a whole game about Kirby becoming beeg
They made a f*cking ska version of the final boss theme from Canvas Curse for this game Holy cow
This may be a tad random, but it suddenly dawned on me what the game's levels remind me of:  The Bonus Food Levels from the Ratatouille Game
I thought Keeby was a fan made meme like Santiago for the Sonic fandom.
I may be one of said Kirby Fanboys, Enthusiasts in fact (I think), but I gotta admit, Dream Buffet just feels above average (still good but not THAT good), and Kirby Battle Royale was a great game, it should get a sequel or rerelease on Switch or the next console. I’ve gotten screwed out of wins so many times and gotten second because of the bonuses and/or Battle Royale, still fun though. Noticed all of the references, they made me happy. My number 1 suggestion for the lack of choice would be some sort of option to create your own Kirby Battle Royale style tournament or Grand Prix for this game’s case.
Ngl, hearing that Alivel Mall remix in the background sold me.
this game is nice, but it made me really want a  Kirby Air Ride sequel
The fact that Kirby's alternate colors have their own names says a lot about how much love this Pink Puffball gets.
Okay, this video was inevitable, sure... but a Fireboy and Watergirl video is still on the table, right, Anthony?
Perfection of a Kirby game And Happy Anniversary Kirby
I always love seeing how Ant has such pure joy talking about the Pink puffball. 😂
ok, as far as story goes. "Kirby and Friends get shrunk, Try to see who eats the most"  Probably my Favorite plot in a Kirby game ever!
“The Kirby orchestra is only available intil the 31”  Causally downloads all of the songs that Nintendo realased from the concert and the concert itself.
I- I played battle royale. Anyone else?
Jokes on you, Ant, I am forming a competitive Dream Buffet esports league as we speak.
Whoooo! I love new videos by AntDude!!
List of 2023 Kirby Games - Kirby and the Remembered Land Kirby’s Nightmare Buffet Kirby’s Second Return to Dreamland Kirby and the Rainbow Curse Deluxe + Keeby’s Fury Kirby Slide 2
Kirby likes foooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
I’m still hoping they release (or at least announce) a Kirby Anniversary Collection before the end of the year
Do a real of Disney infinity Please
Dream Buffet and Kirby fighters 2 should've been bundled into Forgotten Land tbh
Why do you always say Nintendo instead of HAL? Nintendo doesn't work on Kirby games(aside from Tilt and Tumble)
5:32 is it a battle royale though when you can infinitely respawn? isnt a battle royale meant t be last man standing?
We got 2 new games this year But none last year, so like it balances out
Finally, the Keeby appreciation we deserve
Is anyone going to talk about how it’s almost been 200ep but no new Kirby anime video
All nintendo needs to do is rip city trial from air ride and drop it on the e-shop. easy money
9:11 a debatable statement
I honestly love how this game basically takes the core of the cancelled Kirby Bowl 64 and remixed it so it looks fresh while also being hella fan service. Or I'm reading too into it and it's just a coincidence but who knows
People complaining about Nintendo giving games to Kirby, people need to be educated on how that works. Good Vibes Gaming did a video fairly recently on why some games get more love than others while talking about the history of different development departments within Nintendo who all have their own focus. Really puts things into perspective TBH.  Also I haven't played this game yet but looks like it's a ton of fun.
Also the SECOND TIME KIRBYS BEEN BALLIN SINCE 1998!
Still not a replacement for Kirby Air Ride, though
I'm tired of my Kirby spin-offs not having Juke Boxes
Considering that Kirby literally beat the hell out of King DDD and The Squeak Squad over strawberry cake, I’m surprised it took HAL this long to design a game around it. Better late than never, right? XD
I'm waiting to get this game for my birthday and I'm just hoping the game lives long enough for me to enjoy it when i nab it.
I absolutely love the Mr.Shine n Bright remix
therapist: fat meta knight isnt real, he cant hurt you fat meta knight:
I got an ad for Kirby's Dream Buffet on this video  The Lord cometh
F A T K I R B Y DO A M A R I C A
I just wish the game wasn't food themed and the stages where based off of locations in the Kirby universe
your extreme kirby bias is showing.
I’ve been waiting for this episode just for ant to say “Kirby got fat”
This game makes up for Squeak Squad  It's the only explanation
Something Nintendo not being available after a certain amount of times? I’m having bad flashbacks
MY KIRBOI IS BACK AND HAPPIER THAN EVER
If you're having trouble grinding the online ladder remember in the Grand Prix your ability carries over from round to round. So for the second race if you can get and hold onto 2-3 wheels or burnings you enter the battle royale with them. Just immediately hit R, aim for the item box and enjoy your 15-25 strawberries from players that don't know this trick.
"Babe, wake up! New AntDude video!"
3:50 FINALLY someone talked about these remixes, THE SKY TOWER ONE IS SO GOOOOD
the online section is funny cause whenever i hop on kirby clash i still can get a full lobby   huh
One really has to pay HAL some respect. We only get few Mario spinoffs during a system's commercial life span and less so which keep the high quality profile of its particular predecessor (hello sport games).  Kirby on the other hand throws spinoffs here and there and it usually works.
Hey   I have a KIRBY GUM!!!
To be honest kirby games are just pretty consistent when it comes to fun.
I have just one question for you… WHEN WILL IT RELEASE!?!?!?
Are you going to cover Pac-Man World repack you already covered quinoa
Speaking of Kirby Cafe, if you go there alone, you're seated opposite to a big plush of either Kirby or Waddle Dee so you aren't lonely. I love this franchise.
Hey Anthony, you should do a retrospective of the PAC-Man World Series since A. The remake for the first game is now out and B. Nitro Rad did a few videos on the series you could beat him to the punch on the remake
Originally I thought the $15 price tag was a little steep, but this game has a shocking amount of unlockable content
This has to be my second favorite Kirby Game so far, only beaten out by Epic Yarn. It’s the same type of game you can just zone out on and enjoy without much brainpower. Especially considering that I’m playing KFL on Wild Mode, it’s a good breather to just let loose on  And fun fact, if you’ve played Forgotten Land or Star Allies in any capacity, you unlock special music. It’s great
This makes me realize that we need: 1. Katamari battle royale 2. Nintendo x Katamari crossover 3. More Katamari content in general, its been 5 years give us a new game or a we love katamari remaster namco
I actuly never doubted you doing this
A Kirby fan like me is talking about a Kirby game I want to get VERY BADLY which I have already heard is good. And it's my birthday today.
I once again ask for a pokemon conquest video.
I wish the game had a mini story mode Something short and simple like King Dedede trying to put eat him or a new character being a villain I know it's just $15 game but it could be really cool if they add it to an update
The mention of the music is very appreciated, this is a very special soundtrack for any Kirby fan!
Funny pink thing eating strawberry
*”Kirb is ball. 10/10”*  - AntDude, probably
If I'm being honest, I can't help but feel like the game didn't live up to the potential. Every match always follows the structure of race, mini arena, race, battle royale, and because of that it feels like you play one match and you've played the entire game. New maps aren't enough to keep things fresh for me, and by the time I even did start unlocking them I was bored because I knew that it wouldn't really change anything meaningful. If there was just one or two more game types mixed in and the order went race, random mode, random mode, battle royale, I think that would've went a long way to keep things meaningfully varied versus the structure we have now. I hate to say it but I kinda regret buying this one. Here's hoping that maybe we might get a small update or something to freshen it up, but I doubt it.
People are comparing this to fall guys but honestly this reminds me a lot of Katamari, specifically the level in the second game where your ball is a guy who wants to eat a lot of food and get bigger to make it as a sumo wrestler. This looks like the competitive katamari experience I wished for
Ugh ya I REALLY want a new Kirby air ride but at the same time… beggars can’t be choosers :(
So a lot of people complaining that Nintendo isn't making games from their other series don't know how Nintendo is structured internally. See you may think that any game that Nintendo owns Nintendo themselves make. That is not the case. Nintendo internally only develops Mario, Zelda, Animal Crossing, Splatoon, Pikmin, the Wii series, and Mario Kart. There's an entire division just to make Zelda games so you can't blame Zelda is taking attention away from other series. That Studio literally only makes Zelda. 2d Mario and 3d Mario have different studios. Mario Kart is the only spin off developed internally. Splatoon and Animal crossing are made from the same studio, so if you wondered why New Horizons stopped getting free updates. The team stsrted working on Splatoon 3. If a new F Zero or Kid Icarus has been made it's not Nintendo's fault. That just means a 3rd party company hasn't shown interest. Sakurai literally made an entire game studio of his own just to make Kid Icarus Uprising.
did you know that in those Kirby cafes they sell waddle dees nuts... I MUST GO NOW.
sadly I haven't been enjoying this one as much as I would want to, it feels like it becomes repetitive faster than Fall Guys when that just launched, even with the price tag of 15$ I don't think it's been worth it so far.
Still holding out for a Kirby's 30th Anniversary collection like they did for Kirby's 20th Anniversary. C'mon, I gotta see Super Star remade in the Star Allies engine!
The difference between Fall Guys and Dream Buffet is that Dream Buffet has tolerable physics.
I am all for Kirby fandom and games and whatnot, but what is with the Japan only stuff for Kirby ? Why can’t the Kirby brand branch out to the US or Europe ? Why can’t there be a Kirby Cafe in the USA ?
The game is not like Fall Guys because Fall Guys makes me rage and This game doesn't
I just want to give props to the guy (or girl or anything else) that draws the thumbnails, they look WAY better than the old ones (not to mean they were bad though)
fall kirbs
Only two players being able to play on one console is honestly my biggest gripe with the game. I dont do online and dont mind playing with cpus. But when my bestie was over we wanted to play with me son and even though I have three controllers we could play all three together at once.
Hal is like, the best company ever. They spoil us too much
I swear when this game first released I thought it was tilt n tumble 2
On that note, if you come into one of the cafés alone, the servers will put out a small Kirby or Waddle Dee plush in the chair across from you and put a small dish(not wasted in this case, actually!) in front of it. That way, you’re never alone when you eat there.
this game is the PERFECT way to celebrate 30 years of kirby, it's cute, fun, and very in-character for the puffball  it really does feel like a celebration of all of kirby's accomplishments in the last 30 years, the birthday party vibes just add to it
Technically Nintendo hasn't made any Kirby game for the switch. Hal owns 50% of the IP and they produced all those games. They have freedom to produce whatever Kirby media they want and the most Nintendo could do is not publish it.
Dream Buffet really calling back to stuff like Tilt n Tumble, Dream Course, Pinball Land, and Block Ball with the music was wild to see, but I'm super happy seeing this love for the more obscure old spinoffs Now give me some Avalanche remixes A bit sad there's no Epic Yarn music here tho
Thank you for the video.
I think I popped off a little too hard when Keeby was officially namedropped
A gripe I have and is likely just me being salty is that despite the trailer saying "The bigger you are the stronger you are" I rarely see that in effect. In fact, I feel like I get bumped more when I run into opponent
Kirbo mode
You kid about the story not being that involved, but there actually some more stuff to chew on. Nothing major, aside from something I’ll get to later, but there’s something. According to some tasty tidbits that occasionally pop up when on the Home Table, the game takes place in the Dream Restaurant, which was hosting a buffet for Kirby. Plus, the Dream Fork can make dreams come true, so Kirby likely wished he a could eat a mountain sized cake. However, these tidbits also deconfirm a fun theory. The hands aren’t Master and Crazy Hand, rather are just some new characters, the Server Hands. Another cool thing that’s mentioned in the tidbits are secondary uses for every ability, like leaving behind some Jelly that slows down opponents with well Jelly that shortens the timer on it, drifting with Wheel, or gaining a massive wind box with Tornado but slowing to a crawl. These secondary effects adds to the already surprisingly deep gameplay. As for the one interesting piece of lore I mention earlier, that comes in the form of a Japanese CPU name. If you are paired with a CPU while online, they can have one of numerous names. Most are just tongue and cheek or a fun reference like Dedede Soul, but one of the Japanese names is タランザ＆ジョロニア, which translates to “Taranza & Joronia”. Combined with the fact that the Japan exclusive spider Trichonephila clavata is also known as the "Jorō spider" and the Jorōgumo is a legendary spider in Japanese Folklore and we’ve got a really solid case for Joronia being Sectonia’s real name.
You can bet your butts that once yeth for srb2 releases, ant is going to be head for heels for that game
17:10 You complain as if you didn't basically cheat by buying the most expensive in-app purchase in the game. It only takes like 5 dollars or something to make the game fair, and if you have some leftover gold points, then it's basically free.
.
Kirby eating all this cake and food…  Captain Falcon has been dumpster diving since F-Zero GX…
THEY HAVE KEEBY?!!!!!! BETTER THAN FORGOTTEN LAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When I first saw the trailer I almost got my hopes up for an Amazing Mirror 2
14:10 I mean, with the insane amount of food that Kirby's eating, I'm not surprised that this game suffers from *_food lag_*  This game's musical fanservice is incredible, the game's worth buying for its music alone! Love, Love, Alivel is one of my favorites, but Block Ball's Stage 5 rearrangement is also pretty outstanding
This game extremely adorable and I just love it. Kirby is a character that can make me feel happy.
I love how you and Arlo had allot of the same great points to say about this game. Love it. Great content  Did you not talk about the cheap price?
love how we get 2 kirby games in the same year!
Now I only have one thing to say to Nintendo: *PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD MAKE A PLANET ROBOBOT SEQUEL*
Yep our boy got big completely
He puts out this video right as I’m planning to make Kirby’s Strawberry Shortcake. Universe tryin to tell me somethin…
Antdude can you make a vídeo about Rayman origins or Legens
Kirby got Phat.
Fun fact: people always praise Kirby cafes quality and consistency for such a cheap price, their secret? It’s that everyone working there are huge Kirby fans
Kirby fans and Splatoon fans really are Nintendo's focus right now
Eh another mid spinoff for switch just like fighters 2
This game is so cute! I thankfully had a solid chunk of Gold Points on My Nintendo account, so I only paid $3 for the game. I love it! I'm not that great at it, but I managed to snag 3rd twice in a row the other day. Came in clutch with needle in Battle Royal. 😆
There's... there's an anti-Kirby community? How and why?
Fall guys but it Kirdy
Nintendo: Kirby Right Back At Ya is re-release is Japan-only Me: Laughs in Dailymotion
Rip to all the people who couldn’t get it cuz they thought it was free 😢
That is a.... extremely defensive video  I mean, I don't hate this game, but this is a very flawed one. It should be half of its price, really
Truly one of the videogames ever
Introducing mouthful mode....
Please review the Tak trilogy! Tak and the Power of Juju Tak 2 the Staff of Dreams and Tak the Great Juju Challenge amazing 3D platformers on GameCube!
Btw it give 24 stages in total
Fun fact: There's actually a VERY active discord for competitive Kirby Fighters 2. Sadly I've drifted away from it a little myself despite being very involved at launch, but I love that it's a game people are unironically getting a ton of depth out of to this day. I should go back and play with people sometime.
I’m shook you didn’t mention Kirby’s Voice actress shocking the hell out of everyone with her cuteness and her kirbyness.
oh i get it   kirby eats more so he gets fat 🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿
wait shouldn't fat kirby be impossible?
The games alright but needs a mode where extra berries aren't a thing
It's a Kirby game...how is there no jukebox feature? Kirby has legendary soundtracks.
You Can't Hate Kirby Games
As someone who enjoys dessert a little too much, this is definitely up my alley.  Though, I can't help but feel like the game might pressure folks into stress eating.    P.S. On the day of this upload, I baked a cake, ain't that funny?
Fun fact, if you go to the rewards menu, hover over a song, then hold y while selecting grand prix, the music you hovered over is the one that will play
I always wanted to know your opinion on 'the world ends with you'. You'll love it, believe me.
And then we get a fat fall guys skin.
MMM dream,s interesting 🤔
I'm a simple man, I see a game about kirby eating cake, I'll buy it (if only I have the switch)
Kirby when he's devouring giant stalk monsters and trains: XS Kirby when he eats some cake and strawberries: XXXL
The racing game Kirby needs while we wait for Air Ride 2
People complaining about too many Kirby games do realize that Nintendo doesn’t make Kirby right?
When Sonic Frontiers releases, can you do a video on that?
How long have you been a Kirby fan.?
Between the object vore and water inflation of forgotten land and now this game, im starting to think Sakurai may be using kirby to vent certain... questionable interests as of recently.
I will ask this to you again, do you genuinely think that Kirby's Dream course and Pinball land are better than Star Allies? Edit: Why did I give this comment a threatening aura?
Uh oh... Kirby got PHET
Kirby's Dream Buffet is a really good Kirby spinoff game to play cause I'm almost getting to 135 but I don't know if their is a 100% for this Kirby Spinoff cause I don't know exactly but again the Game is pretty good I really like it
No matter how my day's going seeing Ant post a video brings a smile to my face
I want a Kirby Battle Royale 2 just so that people remember that Sleep Kirby can seriously kick ass.
Ant dude looks like he's gonna eat green kirby in the thumbnail
ok cool but if you are going to make another kirby raceing game make air ride 2
HAL
2:36 Okay we need to talk about Kirby Right Back At Ya getting an HD remake on Blu-Ray it's disappointing and stupid why because HAL should’ve announced a new Kirby Anime like a sequel/reboot and maybe keep Tiff, Tuff, and Escargoon but they need to add more characters in their like Bandana Waddle Dee, Adeleine, Ribbon, Marx, Magolor, Taranza, Susie, Elline, Elfilin, Clawroline, The Beast Pack, and even more but I mean come on you guys this is the thing that we could’ve always dreamed of but instead we have this HD remake Blue-Ray of it like why?! This is just disappointing and every Kirby Right Back At Ya Fan is upset and disappointed about it!
Still waiting for Kirby Air Ride 2 to be announced! 😂
As soon as I saw the announcement I was waiting for this video
Nice
my kirby fan girl is exploding this year
It's not Fall Guys     It's Ball Guys
I actually didn't think this game looked like Fall Guys, I always thought it was better as its own thing.
It's a miracle Kirby ever got to eat some strawberry cake after all his troubles
Hal knowns what they are doing 💯
Another day another awesome ant dude vid
Welp time to Download the Concert
Kirby
Kirby time !!!!
Honestly, I was more excited for this than Forgotten Land. I love the pink puff ball :)  Edit: when you said Right Back at Ya was getting a Blu-Ray I gasped out of hype and then you said only I’m Japan. Huge cock tease
Hello
So Nintendo thought Mouthful Mode Water Kirby was too memable so why not make a whole game out of it
0:53 You're right it isn't Kirby's fault. It's Nintendo's fault since they feel the need to reinvent the wheel all the time. And honestly after how bad Star Fox Zero turned out, I'm glad F-Zero didn't suffer a fate worse than death
2:24 the ...... 31.......
Pokemon learned this lesson a long time ago. The key to having constant spinoffs is for all of them to be incredibly cheap.
Kirby muck bang fall guys
2:57 Fun Fact: That “Dream Fork” has the ability to grant the wish of anyone who picks it up. As it just so happens, Kirby’s wish was to eat a cake the size of a mountain. I guess the little dude got his wish. Edit: Another Fun Fact: The reason all the stages revolve around different types of food from cakes and ice cream to sandwiches and BBQ is because Kirby was invited to a gourmet festival at the “Dream Restaurant.”
Cant wait for mouthless mode
Good game
More like Kirby’s Chonky Calamity.
This ain't a Dream Buffet, it's a FUCKING FOOD COMA
Me seeing waddle Dee in this made me remember that one right back at ya episode where DDD and Esgargoon see how a waddle Dee eats. Even tho they don’t have mouths. 🫥
I'm a fool
Ah, Kirb has the best life. Eat.
I love the “pay attention this is going to be on the test” parts.
Today’s my birthday and one of my friends got me a Kirby cap and a Kirby mug, which as you already can guess, is very wholesome:)
Must be a privilege to have your favorite franchises constantly receive new titles every year. Speaking of F-Zero, I genuinely feel bad for those fans. Fans that haven’t gotten a new game since…they were kids….
Such a delicious game!
0:53 CHILL.
Im genuinely super impressed with the quality of this kirby spinoff in comparison to all the others,  Esp as someone whose passed on them because i genuinely find their pricepoints to be scams. Suprisingly contentful. Servers super super super need to be fixed though. Wired connections are unforgivably bad. Embarassingly such.
This video was posted 3 minutes ago
I love this game.
I was gonna check if this guy made a video about xenoblade 3, but I am happy with this anyways
I knew it was coming, it was just a matter of when!
I think this AntDude guy likes Kirby a bit but I'm not completely sure
This video was uploaded at 20:00 o clock
How would you rank this game now
Yes
It’s so addicting
Also I love this game
wowie
Wow, I never played the game before, but is it just me, or does it play so much like Falls Guy?
Antdude I love u dude
Never though I’d see chonky Kirby, and I love it! It’s so cute!
Hi
Thank you! Keep up the amazing work!
Hiiiiiiiiiii i love this game omg its sooo cuteeee
Korbius
I KNEW THIS WAS GONNA RELESE TODAY
New Kirby content! Yeah!
Ay, it's the Kirby dude!
Kirby is just amazing. - Jad
This is Kirby’s dream game
First
When I saw fat meta knight I knew this game was perfect
First one
Hi
I’m the first guy to watch!
First
Hi
