Noice
Me gusto el diseño aparte no uso casi la cámara delantera
It also can do actual object tracking and auto panaroma thanks to the rotating camera :D
Kein Kopfhörer Anschluss, daher no Go.
Love Asus products. I'm thinking of buying this in 2023 because I know they make products that last. I've had an ROG 3 for 3 years. It's still lightning fast, but sadly battery tech isn't quite there yet. The battery can still compete with a new iPhone, but I'm spoiled and want to be able to go 2-3 days without charging again.
i can see the volume moving camera thing an amazing way of taking panoramic photos
Was für ein Hobbit...🤦  Typisch Generation Schrott (alles geboren nach 1980 und nach 1985 sowieso) mit seinem rotblonden Flaum Bärtchen und höherem Östrogenspiegel als meine Schwiegermutter.... Gute Nacht, Zukunft.
"yeah i didnt cover it because the piece of equipment that is on a hinge so that it would move, moves when I would shake my phone around more violently than anyone ever would"
Asus makes the best products no Samsung or apple can compete
Damn Asus anyway for taking away their flip camera 😾 SCREW YOU ASUS AND YOUR BESPOKE PHONES that look like every other phone 😾 you either die a hero or live long enough to see your self become the villain 🦹‍♂️
no phone has made me actually GIDDY WITH JOY since like, the first gen Vivo pop up camera. except i had a good option back then. now i am looking at older phones because there are so few options i care about anymore. i would go 8 Flip, but i wish it had a headphone jack. yay for card reader tho, so still prefer the 8 flip. i do hate the weight, but i'm going to protect the crap out of it, i'ma finally have a phone i can call my baby again. i was so jaded when i finally broke my OnePlus this year.
Anyone know how to fix the macro main camera? Usable on third party apps, but stuck when use macro on the main camera.
I'M SOLD!!!however 2tb cards don't exist yet🙄
Sd card and head phone jack asus thanks for not follwing apple
The so called party trick does have actual real world uses, I used my ZenFone6 to take pictures of stuff in difficult to reach places to be able to read labels, wiring, etc... Being able to rotate the camera let's you see the screen and take the picture of what you want. With other phones you just shoot in the dark.
I had the Samsung a80 and they had a awesome flip camera! The best one in my opinion. But it lacks processing power
Why do the good phones get less charging capacity??
Does the screen have that refresh rate change where it can auto change like from 10 to 90 htz?
1:28 asus did
Checking this after 1 year, that volume button control for slow camera rotation is to take panaroma shots so you can simply move the camera with volume button, rather than moving the hand.
I will just point out that the ability to shoot videos with the camera 90 degrees out is PERFECT for skateboarding.
Left out the part where no carrier supports this phone in US or Canada.
By angling the camera you could place it on a table set with timer to take a photo. I cant count how many times my family had to set an impromptu stand to lean the phone just to take a picture with the whole family.
Had my 6 for two years now, no issues. The flip camera can stay out sometimes so you have to hit retract camera but otherwise ZERO problems to date.
I bought one today. Can't wait to test the camera performance and see if it's good for vlogging but I have the feeling it's going to be amazing 🙂 great review as always 🙂
Just saying my not released on WW market Zenphone 5 Z2580 2gb ram from 2012 is still doing good :) I keep it in a drawer and power it and charge after like once a month   Also got a Zenpad S 8.0 CA 64gb + 4gb for my bedside another intel chipset the Z3580 this one sees use daily still
Did anyone ever tell you that you remind them of lil dicky
If u don't take selfies well then enjoy no notch If u like taking selfies, enjoy them in high quality
Very troubling are the Asus support and service that lurks behind.  During 2020 and 2021 they were the worst I have ever experienced, in any industry and for any product.  Timeline:  - Jan 2020: I buy new Zenfone. - Aug 2020: Phone no longer charges, on any charger including Zenfone’s supplied charger.  The charging port in the phone is not working.   - Aug 2020: Still under warranty, I mail the Zenfone to the ASUS repair center in Grapevine, Texas.  This is an unnecessarily complicated process.  For example, Zenfone’s support keeps assuming I purchased a laptop, and tries to communicate with me about laptop repair.   - November 2020: I receive the Zenfone, apparently repaired.  (But the data on my phone has been wiped out.) - March 2021: My Zenfone stops working completely.  No power, no blue screen, nothing.   - March 2021: ASUS assures me I will be charged only a diagnostic fee of $85, to have the phone assessed and then repaired. - March 2021: ASUS then tells me I’m no longer under warranty, which ended in Jan 2021.   - March 2021: ASUS then tells me I am still under warranty, which was extended because of the previous problem with the Zenfone in 2020.   - April 2021: I again mail the Zenfone to the ASUS repair center in Grapevine, Texas. - April 2021: ASUS then tells me I’m in fact not under warranty any more. - April 2021: ASUS then tells me actually I am under warranty, which was extended for an additional 3 months. - April 2021: ASUS then tells me I’m in fact not under warranty, which supposedly expired “2 December 2020”.   - April 2021: ASUS then tells me my warranty in fact expired on “8 March 2021”.   - April 2021: I ask to escalate the issue.  (At this point, ASUS Customer Service is already the worst I have experienced, ever, for any product in any industry.) - April 2021: ASUS maintains that my warranty is expired, but offers me a “20% discount” off their fee to repair the dead phone, which is $289.  I ask to get a better deal, given what I’ve had to go through in owning this ASUS product. ASUS tells me they will check with their Corporate dept.  - April 2021: ASUS calls me back, telling me they can take 30% off the fee, to repair the dead phone. - April 2021: ASUS then sends me an invoice for the full amount of $289, with no discount.  Also, the invoice description of the problem is wrong, as it says “Hangs on ASUS logo” (instead the phone does not respond at all).  I call ASUS and ask them to correct the invoice. - April 2021: ASUS then sends me a new invoice for this repair, for an even higher fee of $362.  The invoice also states a completely different problem: it includes a $97 item (plus tax) and a $243 item (plus tax) both for “abnormal appearance (deformation/scratches/damage/paint removal/dirt/rough edges)”.  I call to tell ASUS it should be lower, as we had discussed.  And to tell ASUS my phone was not physically abnormal or damaged in any way, when I had sent it to their repair center.  And that this new invoice is completely different from their prior invoice.  (At this point, it is becoming apparent to me that what is happening at ASUS here is not merely total incompetence, poor training and poor management, but possibly something worse.) - April 2021: ASUS contacts me to say they erred, and should have sent me an invoice for $231.  I then correct them again, saying no that would be only a 20% discount off the repair fee.  ASUS had told me my discount was 30% off (for $216).   - April 2021: During these interactions, I keep having to tell ASUS that my phone is to be repaired at the discounted rate, but nevertheless ASUS keeps sending me e-mails stating that my phone will be sent back to me unless I pay the (undiscounted, incorrect) invoice amount within 5 days of the invoice date.  Repeatedly ASUS assures me that my phone will not be sent back to me, that it is on track to be repaired at the rate they had agreed to, and that I will no longer receive these e-mails pressuring me to pay within 5 days.  Yet, the e-mails are not stopped, they keep coming.  - May 2021: ASUS sends me another invoice for the incorrect, higher amount ($362) and the incorrect problem: “abnormal appearance (deformation/scratches/damage/paint removal/dirt/rough edges)”.  - May 2021: I contact ASUS, escalate the issue, and ASUS tells me they will have someone contact me in 24-48 hours.  24-48 hours pass by, with no call from ASUS.  Meanwhile, ASUS continues to send me invoices, and a payment deadline, for the incorrect rate of $362.   - May 2021: I contact ASUS again, escalate the issue.  ASUS assures me that they will stop sending me e-mails asking for payment of $362, and will contact me about correcting it. - May 2021: ASUS “Proactive Care” sends me an e-mail stating that an internal failure to correct the invoice “has triggered the return of your device unrepaired”.  The e-mail also states that once I receive my unrepaired Zenfone, I can re-create the return, ship the phone BACK to ASUS (at no shipping cost to me) and “continue this process”.  (I’m thinking, Uh… no thanks.) - May 2021: Sure enough, I then receive the Zenfone, returned to my home by ASUS.  Unrepaired and dead. To all: enjoy your ASUS experience.
i love this flip design, having your main camera as you selfie cam, that's the best thing ever !!! and the FULL SCREEN for real, not the halfass notch/hole !!!
His face when he sees the phone ask him to release the camera lock... 🤣🤣🤣
As an aviation electronics tech... that 'party trick' is a game changer. Do you know how many times I'm trying to take pictures of a P/N or S/N of something in a hard to access location ? Or using the junk selfie cam like an inspection mirror? Or trying to read the P/N on a chip where the lettering has faded. There's so much I love about this idea... - better camera is obvious - can the ultrawide do macro? - cameras are on an edge -- case won't limit what i can see. Important for wedging your phone in hard to reach places. Coworker w/the Samsung that has camera bar (S10 ?) can't hang. - Ability to pivot the cameras !?!?!? Oh f yes.
I don’t want the notch or hole punch, but I also use my phone only for YouTube, WhatsApp and Music… sounds a little overpowered to me..
When i first heard that voice i was like : IS THAT LINUS?!
I mean, you can just flash a custom recovery on everything that asus does, if they don't cover u with updates, you can just cover yourself
id be a creep with this phone
I really don’t understand why people have such a problem with the notch. I literally never notice it on my iPhone 12 Pro Max.
This guy is such a turd.
All I want is a phone with forward facing cams as good as rear facing.. Primarily for video, livestream shows (drums/music) in a low light (studio lights) set. This is it! Now to call my loan shark 😭
You should watch this test:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuL7QOVTuMw Dropped frames at 4K 120fps.
This is legit not a workaround. it's a feature
Shit man that's the first time i see your channel. You are awful,  how the hell do you even appear in a google search?
im fairly certain 90% of people only take selfie photos less than once a week.
The battery is not that good, though. It lasts less than 8 hours from 100% to 20%.
04:07 here he finally flipped the camera 😹😹😹
Which phone should I get? The S21 Ultra or 12 Pro Max?
Its sad how you become so cocky with throwing stuff around and beeing a jerk, i liked you so much but your attitude is awful
Been using Asus phones since the beginning. Their firmware update and support is very poor. They just wanna focus on selling the hardware (phone). If this is important for you.
No BS this phone is dope asf I'm using it as we speak. The Down fall is, it's not compatible in USA. Sucks but I still use hotspot 💀🤣
You never happy man what's wrong?
I never use the selfie camera so. . .  this is perfect for me XD
I have a Zenfone 6 and the flappy thing has not really been an issue, so to me its "perfect".  Android, good camera, good display, good battery. And is just generally good.
My God is Linus handsome .-.
Does battery care also work on Asus Zenfone 6 or is it only available on Asus tog 3 and Zenfone 7?
Is that the best phone in that price when I want a whole screen front and not infinity screen with Notch or holes? (I also love the fingerprint or basically everything of this phone)
Stealing video. Reported easy.
Credit where credit is due, Asus did _not_ break the mold by putting a fingerprint sensor in the side button.  That was Sony, a fair few years ago.
nobody: linus: *T H I S  P U P P Y*
The rightful opera nomenclaturally film because cry spectroscopically recognise in a melodic bestseller. hard-to-find, military week
The ultra committee qualitatively paint because candle really file beneath a left lipstick. tangy, acidic use
That price tho...
I like the design I really do but the price makes no sense at all.
Gaming on a phone is stupid.
its quite amazing that this phone won the MKBHDs blind test showdown
I have the previous first flip zenphone and I love it
Wireless charging is good for longevity because USB ports wear out. USB-C is much better, but still.
Being a long time Zenfone 5 user, this is a change I am certainly looking forward to  Asus has proven itself overtime!
I hate it how these experts just say good things (sometimes bad) about the phones that is in front of them,  but do not warn against potential issues people might face. Last model of this phone zenfone 6,  used to just crash and needed a motherboard replacement. Not even a single big expert covered it.  It's a shame
A phone video without a dbrand skin?!
I would Buy     If we're cheaper
I honestly wish Linus wasn't so slap dash & dismissive at times. He just rips, throws things about & drops things. After a while it's no longer funny. Just take more care.
Asus shocked me with the 6 which I have rn and it's the best from my pov
I'm not that impressed...
max 256gb, no audio jack...WHY :(
And it can take Panorama picture automatic. No need to move the phone.
yea i noticed it too @ 5:04. u turned from white to albino
im thinking the latch on the case is to stop the camera flopping out.
Anyone using this phone on U.S. Sprint network?
The way he says ‘asus’ sounds like he’s saying Jesus in Spanish
I love Asus zenfones
Most stupid reviewer I ever saw.No respect to the products.
I just have it now..its so awesome...
I don't like how he throws things around.
surprisingly quite promising
Special half up party trick... Take pictures of people ahead of you while your phone is flat on the table.  As long as flash doesn't go off, ppl wont notice...stealth pics.
250 grams??? Lmao what? Aeuf
ONLY NEGATIVE FOR ME: NO 🎧 JACK 🥺
The flip camera makes this the best phone for people who ALWAYS takes selfies and people who NEVER takes selfies
Nobody shakes their phones man.
I need this. On my buy list
I just got this phone and I LOVE it!
6:20 "asus what do you have in mind for this" as it sets it on a table. In a bedroom.  lollllll oh Linus
I love to buy this asus zenfone 7 pro.
i bought it just before
This, with stereo speakers would be an absolute no brainer for me.
I have the Zenfone 6 from release and always liked it. I will order this once I get home
I still have my OP7 Pro which has a slide out camera and full body screen. Definitely feel like it's the best way to go until they manage proper under screen cameras.
How many YouTube channels dose he has
This review it's terrible. This guy is joking instead of be real
This is pretty great. I'm using a OnePlus 7 pro, and I prefer designs like this a million times over any annoying notch or teardrop. Plus, this design has the benifit of an even more amazing front lens now over the OnePlus. Also, that adjustable angle is amazing! It's way more than a party trick, it adds a lot of usecases. It means instead of a tripod or similar, you just need any flat surface. You could take a picture straight upwards without having to hold the phone above you. This also means this phone would be great for use as a webcamera, since instead of having to hold the phone in a superspecific position you can just adjust the camera.  If this had a 1440p screen and more of a tier 1 camera, maybe quicker charging or larger battery, I would've definitely upgraded to this. Yes 5000mAh is a lot and 30w charging is quick but the OP7 pro already has 4000mAh and 30w charging. It also has a 1440p screen so it would be a downgrade on that end. The 5G, gorilla glass 6, and flip camera isn't quite enough to make me want to upgrade, considering the lower resolution screen. Specs is pretty irrelevant at this point, there's nothing that I am doing or want to do that requires a phone more recent than probably 3-4 years ago in terms of processor.  Think I'll wait another year or so before upgrading, as I can't really see any of the current phones as an upgrade, even if my phone is 1.5 years old. Anything with a notch or teardrop is a definite downgrade, and even OnePlus fell to the dark side, so I'll probably have to wait for Zenfone 8 pro before I feel the need for a new phone.
this is the ultimate "take pictures in japan"  phone. what do you mean travelling?
Id buy one but need new pc xD. Need more phones with flipable, slidable, liftout cameras. Who uses front camera anyway? only government ...
side fingerprint sensors are better imo
I hope, i can get its phone 🤩
Ngl, the flip up camera is kinda rad.
Can't buy it in the Netherlands :/
Ay-soos
I've been using the Zenfone 6 for about 2yrs now and love it, mostly. The lack of headphone jack on the 7 Pro is an immense disappointment, as I'd like to upgrade within the next year or so.
Do video of asus zenfone 5z🙏
what asus made was my next phone for sure
Don't buy asus phones if you want updates. I have ZenFone 5 and the phone is dead since 6/2020 and is stuck with A9
People nowadays... Phone weigh few hundred grams... "Oh wow that's so heavy" U want better features..deal with the extra added weights... Techonolgy is getting better yet people still find things to complain about...smh
What a unsympathetic guy
Have to say, I’ve owned a ton of smartphones in my life and I’ve never shaken any of them, or needed to, like in this video...
Y u gotta fap it👁️👄👁️
BABY Y U GOTTA DO THAT TO THE PHONE EVEN JUST TO TO BOX😭
Never Never buy asus laptop or smartphone, their support are crazy bad, beready to cry... a lot if support needed.
Everytime I see his desk I feel like dropping his phone
I think the only problem is the rigidness, i wouldnt trust it to be dropped as i would with my current phone because of the flip camera, but i still will buy one
google and asus should team up to do the next google phone
i still use zenfone 3 ;-;
I had zenfone 6, their software sucks, frequent bluetooth disconnections and sometimes Audio won't play over bluetooth, touch screen malfunction when the phone's kept on bed. Needless to say I just got another phone and kept this only for a party trick phone which has storage for all the garabage apps that I can keep and not my primary
PRO with 395 ppi only?  Asus jokes.
Video is not clear except sponsor ship part
Eh this guy should stick to pc only
Does Samsung support that note 9  though?
5000 mAh is also for that motor
I feel bad that you throw stuff of the Box Linus please be kind to the phone box contents, don't throw it around.!!!!.....I didn't get it what do you mean zenfone 6 you didn't test but it was flipping🤷🏻‍♂️ you didn't test it
who includ 2 cases ?? zenfone dumb man
careful what you speak about the camera because it's people choice of the year
Asus says, hey I'm trying to be different? What the flip? 200,000 flips or 5yrs worth. Is this good or bad? I kinda like it. Different is good, humongous 🔋. Very nice!
I'd love a best phone for people who care about music and gaming, but don't give a rats ass about the camera, video.
Having the fingerprint scanner on the side is the most hiddeous thing ever. Its right where u are holding the phone when you put in in your pocket, so it unlocks constantly. Theres a reason why its either on the back or the front, not on the side. Otherwise a toight phone imo
Who is here after MKBHD’s blind camera test?
I'm here after watching this phone win mkbhd's blind camera test.
Who came here from MKBHD's blind smartphone camera comparison? Ayy
Came here after it won smartphone camera of the year from Marques Brownlee.
If the same camera tech used by iPhone you would praise it like anything ,but you can't digest company like Asus is coming up with such ideas.
That camera angle where you said it was useless, i don't think is. you put it on a table, and walk away as it takes a picture with the built in timer
Apple supports their phone for a long time?
That party trick camera is absolutelly useful if you wanna take pictures of camera shy animals like my labrador. Finally somebody does something different that just works better than what we all have used to. Time will show if this comes standard in future.
I was so excited about this phone. Turns out it's not available in Canada and probably all of North America.
I really like this...
The rotation is useful for panoramic
Really nice trick indeed, really handy if you want to take a timed photo and you need to aim your shot instead of just front or back.
This is why I don't subscribe to you guys. You WOW over each detail of a flagship but when a contender comes around like this Asus or a top Xioami you beat around the bush and downplay everything you can. Stop being a goof ball dude and review the product like an intelligent human.
Do i see weed in the background??? :D
I definitely do not prefer the hole in my screen.
Watching this on my Intel Atom Asus Zenfone 5 2014.  It's been 6 years
A serious media/gaming phone, but no headphone jack? That's a hard pass, even if I live the camera.  The simple truth is that if you want low latency, high quality audio, you need a proper DAC transmitting a low-noise analogue signal to the speakers, and no wireless headphones or earbuds are up to that standard yet. They might never be, since so much audio engineering is determined by actual physical spacing.
ill just stick to my rog3
I don't know what the hell happened and everyone jumped back to holes and shit. Samsung, take notes.
when I see the flip camera... I just thinking...my iphone looks old...  XD
Me: Watching how Linus complains about the Rog phone 3 Also me: Watching on a Rog phone 3 and like: wow, you really don't like the Rog phone 3
I used zen 6 before, and it was great..  Camera could used to prank and secretly take pic or video of funny moment without letting the subject aware of it. The spec still great for several year. But unfortunately i had accidentally drop it and broken by car wheels
@ 6:13 it's for POV shots.
Could we talk how handsome this guy is
I have the Zenfone 6 and its a great phone
Looks really cool, the flip camera is an amazing idea to get great selfies as well! Unfortunately I'm not keep on spending more than 300-350 € on any phone... so Xiaomi 10T Lite 5G for me (ordered few days ago). But my current phone is Asus Zenfone 3 and I looooove it. If I was willing to spend 900 €, this Zenfone 7 Pro would be one of my best picks.
Hii
Hilariously, Apple will release the iPhone 30, in 2050, with these types of resolution and functionality on it, obviously without a headphone jack, or the ability to use SD-cards to increase storage, making you pay hundreds of dollars for every extra couple of gigs of storage, because, obviously. And then still have the balls to claim that now suddenly this is "cutting edge technology". And Apple users will believe them!!! Hilarious!! XD
ℙ𝕝𝕤𝕤𝕤𝕤𝕤 𝕓𝕣𝕠𝕠𝕠𝕠𝕠𝕠 𝕚 𝕒𝕞 𝕧𝕖𝕣𝕪 𝕡𝕠𝕠𝕣 𝕗𝕒𝕞𝕚𝕝𝕪 𝕚 𝕦𝕤𝕖 𝕟𝕠𝕣𝕞𝕒𝕝 𝕡𝕙𝕠𝕟𝕖 𝕤𝕠 𝕚 𝕕𝕠𝕟'𝕥 𝕦𝕤𝕖 𝕗𝕝𝕒𝕘𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕡 𝕞𝕠𝕓𝕚𝕝𝕖 𝕡𝕝𝕤 𝕤𝕖𝕟𝕕 𝕚𝕥 𝕘𝕠𝕕.
𝔹𝕣𝕠 𝕚𝕗 𝕦 𝕤𝕖𝕟𝕕 𝕥𝕙𝕒𝕥 𝕞𝕠𝕓𝕚𝕝𝕖 𝕓𝕖𝕔𝕒𝕤𝕦 𝕚 𝕒𝕞 𝕧𝕖𝕣𝕪 𝕡𝕠𝕠𝕣 𝕡𝕝𝕤 𝕙𝕖𝕝𝕡 𝕤𝕖𝕟𝕕 𝕚𝕥 𝕡𝕝𝕤𝕤𝕤𝕤𝕤𝕤𝕤....
Nonsense reviewer...😑
The lock on the back is when your cell phone falls from mount everest to stop the camera from flipping out until  it gets to beijing
Still rocking a zen fone 4 max rn. I'm not compelled to upgrade anytime soon.
Looks like an amazing phone. I'm kinda in the market for a new one since I kinda wanna get rid of my Huawei and I'm watching a lot of these videos right now.  The no notch thing would be a big deal to me so Apple's iPhone 12 is dead to me, even with the AMAZING video camera.  This device looks amazing. Samsung and Apple are kinda stale and boring in terms of design. I'd really like to see these features in the 'best of the best'
Honestly I love that companies like LG and Asus are around to try the wacky stuff. They are the true innovators and I wish they got more love for it.
Bro go and comb your hair like MKBHD You are like off to the bed look hair style.
Should I get the op8pro or the zenfone 7pro if i can get them for a similar price?
is a screen protector pre-installed?
Linus: Thinks it's an anti-selfie switch  Linus in the next moment: Shakes phone and camera pops out and he criticizes their lack of controls available.
Is there a charging animation
Linus when did you decide looking like a drugged up hobo was hip?
Can't they make one that retracts AND flips? That would be the ultimate solution. The camera is still vulnerable to scratches with this solution. Which is why the retracting selfie cam of 7t pro for example is fantastic.
where is that review tho
Zenfone 6 user here! Been using it for a year, phone is pretty durable so is the camera module.
I really love that Asus is embracing the flip camera design. Not only does it give you an uninterrupted bezeless display. But also gives you main camera quality selfies, and a cool party trick to boot.  My zenfone 6's flip camera still works perfectly even after multiple caseless drops so I'm not worried about durability either. I also don't shake my phone so the potential camera movement doesn't matter to me.  This one has a fatal flaw though. Lacking a headphone jack is a dealbreaker for me. I have good wired earphones and I refuse to subject myself to a dongle. The zenfone 6 has a headphone jack, so I'll stick to that.
This guy think, just because asus make good products for pc’s parts Asus also can make good phone, he should probably review animals or how to be dumber tutorial
2 cases, value for money package. Have ZenFone 5, more durable and long lasting than other crap.
I love his weed tree behind him :)
So.... By end of 2020. Please someone create a video of all he drop or threw just in 2020 alone. LOL
Some of us would welcome a phone simply with no front camera. (yeah, there are a few of us who don't take selfies and don't want to)
They removed the headphone jack?
If those manufacturers cannot provide software support as long as Apple does, why don't they just release the source code and let the community like XDA do the update for them?
What does he mean with “as long as its supported”?
Watching this on my ZenFone 6
came back to see if I can dislike this video one more time, what an obnoxious dude
So there are no purchase options on Asus's website where the hell are you supposed to buy this ...
ASUS didn't SHOCK me. But THEN I know TECH. 🤷‍♂️
if you got this phone you have to try this: -open the camera and  switch to selfie mode - go to camera settings and set the resolution setting to - Full Screen - set camera  flash to always on -pinch to zoom and stop at exactly 2.8 magnification ( if you go higher it will switch to the telephoto lens and it will go blurry) -move the phone closer and look at your face  -COMPLETELY FREAK OUT
Ip rating...
ASUS Zenfone  6 & 7 are awesome
People should abandon chinese-spy-tech and apple And go with Asus, Sony, Samsung, LG...
2:40 what my mom hears at 2AM after the Chipotle is ready to come out
I'm a happy owner of a Zenfone 6 and I can tell you this thing does everything good. It may not be top 1 in many aspects, but it's strong in everyone of them. I've had it for a year and a half now and it's performing as day 1, including battery and camera. The battery still lasts a whole day eaaasy, 2 whole days without intensive use. The only thing I'm disappointed on version 7 is the lack of headphone jack.
😍
❤
The price in Rupee shocked me!!!
Apparently the slow moving camera is for paneroma
I'm new to this channel, dies he have some beef with Asus phones? He seemed over it from the very beginning. Just curious
I honestly haven't used wireless charging ever
forgot to mention its Linus proof. If you drop it while camera is out, it autoatically goes back in even faster the normal.
If u dont need all of that box, let me kept it
God this makes me want notches and hole punch displays to go away
mi mix 3 5g
The angle adjuster on the camera could actualy be usefull sometimes, when you have to look in tto a tight space from angles.
Bro ...I do like ur channel...but u gotta respect the device or the company.....pls oh pls don't throw the unboxing parts off the table ... This is not only for asus but for everything 🙄👍
I guess nobody got the Unbox Therapy refferences...
3:37 solution @1:43. At least Asus gave you an option to solve the issue.
Whats everyones problem with the hole punch?? It's better than a big ass bar splitting the screen & taking 50 of your notifications away, right?
Sorry but I really hate reviewers throwing packings on their floor, like piece of shit. Basically no manners and respect to the product they are reviewing.
M(Omegalul)bile gaming
That color is sick, I could see a crazy custom hyper car in that color.
How many channels does Linus have lol
I was going to use the 2nd stimulus to buy a fine handgun to blow my brains out but I'll get one of these instead. Ride out the virus in style.
I bought it, and... have to return it the next day... The screen has a green tint and all multimedia look like in matrix >_> Last year my brand new pre-ordered zenfone 6 fried and bricked after 3 weeks, but Asus replaced motherboard, insted of giving me a new phone.   Asus need to work on their customer service.
How did I not know that Asus makes phones too??!
I like the 90 degree camera - it's not selfie, it's stealthy!
Your unboxing is great 😂😂
After Scio scam I don’t trust a word you say.
Xiaomi has a pop up single câmera Thays actually really good for 100% screen with finger print sensor under screen
I'm really interested in getting this phone but the only thing stopping me is the lack of water resistance, and there's no tests so idk if it will tolerate a slight bit of rain or moisture in air or whatever, I live in Norway, a wet ass and cold country so idk, does someone know what it can tolerate?
I'm considering an Asus ZenFone 6/7. Zenfone 7 or the 7 Pro. Not sure. Are they great? Great battery life? 5000 mah. Durable and reliable?
ZTE Axon 20 5G New Under Display Selfie Camera?
Asus phones are garbage, don't buy them
2:2 I expected u to throw the phone next
how can he take so long to flip it over wtf!
love this phone
hi im plippy
Rotating flippable camera is perfect for timed photos
Why do you throw stuff
when I saw your beard I expected you to say BOY like Kratos
230gr OMG
This review is spot-on. I have a Zenfone 6, and while it's not a world-beater in any one regard, it's just so incredibly well-rounded that it's tough to beat, or justify replacing. Solid camera? Great Battery life? Nice screen? Solid speakers? Check, check, check, and check. It looks like the Zenfone 7 takes this formula and ups the overall game which makes it a very compelling package.
I have no plans in changing phones for the next couple of years, but I will admit: I would love to take my hands on a Zenfone 7 and play around with it, just for a day or two. Just to get the feel of it~
I love my Asus Zenfone 5z so much. When it came out I was criticize a lot by my peers for not getting OnePlus 6t but I trusted my decision. And now, after using it for almost 2 years, I can say that I was absolutely right. Asus is really innovating and giving extraordinary functionalities. And I am pretty sure that I am going to switch my this Asus Zenfone with another Asus Zenfone.
You nailed it with the support question. Samsung have just come out with big support pledges for their top tier phones, and likewise OnePlus offers a good 3 years of support. So any manufacturer who wants to compete , now needs to step up or they're gonna get overlooked
asus very poor on software side of smartphones
@620. I see a use case for that. Home made porn.🤪 Now I don’t have to hold my phone 🙂
The answer of what you pointed at 3:33 is at 1:41 !!! 😅🤣
12:34 ... So it will be in use for half a year then ... ;p
Full screen display
this is THE BEST unboxing channel ever in history
I like to translate your video
The shine looks awesome
6:11 actually looks like a useful feature for looking inside a concealed space/behind something. Granted, that's a once a year problem, but since the phone can offer that feature without a down side, I don't see a problem.
Apple is gonna steal this design 5 years later and call it revolution.
How much does it cost?
Hi sir I'm from India I have a tiny YouTube chame name Apni Safar but i haven't any good smartphone for record vide so plz help me sir. Kindly request you sir ji.
Dear, Linus..As usual it's milli amperes and not million amperes 😂
Plz plz plz.... review about the sony xperia 1 ii 😭😭😭😭
is that mean Zenfone 7 Pro have the best selfie camera ?
I want this 😒
Pros: Nice phone, Nice specs, Nice extras.  Cons: It usually gets released only in West Asia, with waiting lists of nearly half a year.
I actually have a ZenFone 6, and I love it. I never take selflies, but the flip camera is great for taking pictures in hard to see areas, or being better able to see the screen while taking pictures at different angles. I love it, and I don't really notice the camera flapping around. Occasionally it will flap a little, but not much; and I can make it stick back in place by just opening the camera, moving it a little and then closing the app.   Thinking about getting the ZenFone 7, but my 6 is still going strong so I may just save my money
I saw that camera array and the first thing I could think of was they should bend it at 90° for a built-in cell phone stand for when you're watching movies and stuff
I got remembered of samsung a80
almost perfect if not for the missing audio jack
As a Zenfone 5 user. If your talking about just the phone then it's a great phone, but if you like constant security updates and major OS updates then better to go to OnePlus. Which is what I'll get next time
Its an anti fbi phone for me
Linus is my plug
Just give me a bloody 5mm bezel and leave my screen  a normal rectangle.   Seriously, what's the obsession? I can handle a bezel top and bottom just large enough for speaker grills.  I do enjoy motors and flippy things though.
Water resistance is the issue linus....
Pkay im otdering this today.
You should put "Who's Dat?!" on camera and introduce them to us lol
People in tech community don't give Asus enough credit. They are one of the few brands that are constantly innovating either with computers or phones.
I follow you for so many years, and I am shocked how arrogant, cocky and idiot you became. If you did at least what you were supposed to do (learn about the hardware before you try  to do poor Review you just did), you'd know what the case lock for the câmera made for, why the câmera flips controlled by the volume and would not be disrespctfull throuing the charger and the box away like you did. Its a shame what power and Mo ey does to people.
The most important question for any phone is: What is it's IPX rating?
WTF flips their phone like that hahahahahaha
Ok the ability to leave the camera is pretty useful when needing a flashlight
Sony Xperia had fingerprint sensor integrated into power button for few generations. Bulky phone is not a let down for me, but  I don't know how i feel about skipping audio jack.
6:17 it is for horizontal or vertical panaroma
i had an annuerism because linus didn’t smoothly transition to his sponsor in the beginning of the video
Yayyy for micros SD
Zenfone 8 Pro - return of headphone jack + stereo speakers. Perfect phone.
It's all cool and all until the headphone jack removed.
It gonna be awesome...   Great done
This is a legit sweet device that has both hardware and software designed sensibly.
12:02 - Studio that cost a lOOOOOTttttttt of MONEY!!!!!!!!! These camers setup..... GOSH!
What is done with smarpthones when old? Help me find out in this research https://research.profluiz.com that is totally focused on science, not commercial ;)   Please!  _/\_  :`(
Too many moving parts :(
My Galaxy S10e has the fingerprint sensor in the power button and I love it
6:19 Panorama mode? Or  For videos?
Yes, ASUS SHOCKED me too, they removed the headphone jack that was on the Zenfone 6 and ROG Phone 2. I'm not buying this.
Where can you buy the 7and 7 pro in the U.S.?
All I want is a little phone with *one* decent camera and a headphone jack that runs iOS 6, but on the latest hardware.
my galaxy xcover pro has one of those lock button fingerprint sensor by the way you should check out the galaxy xcover pro, 4000mah removable battery, waterproof, headphone jack, decent specs for the price.
Well my s8 is still going decently strong. I still have a headphone jack. Though my battery... Yeah it is not that great anymore. Glad I am getting a note 9 hand me down (that got replaced by best buy under warranty due to cracked rear)
7:16 THEY MAKE 2TB MICO SD CARDS??? Wow (I mean I’ve briefly seen them online but I just assumed that they were China fakes)
ASUS: “The camera is so sharp you can see your pores!!!”
What have they created?  A nice phone that wants to be a Pixel 4. 😏
how the fuck do you buy this. the website is even more confusing than the apple website TF
Bad speakers makes this a deal breaker for me. id rather have good speakers for youtube/movie viewing, than the 90Hz, but then again i barely play on my phone. Since i find the controls horrid on a phone.
Give me that phone.
Great video as always but really missed the LTT water bottle section thats in every other video 👍🤣.  I'd blame tge video editors for cutting it out... 🤔
That flip camera can be potential "stalker / creep phone" to be honest. I can imagine how many candids will be taken by that phone now..
Better than my Nokia 8310
Nobody cares how their phone looks like. It ends up inside a cover anyway. Because phones these days are build to crack screens when you just look at it angrily. If you are not completely mental you put a 500+ device in a very rigid phone cover. And then nothing about the phones looks matter anymore.
What about the video calls?
Honest review
ok an option to lock the pop up camera in my phone would be fantastic, i hate whenever i accidentaly switch to camera mode while browsing instagram, facebook and other and the camera pops up and down without a reason
Why would you throw the charger and the box so carelessly?🙄. Also yes the volume button to control the flip up camera is a party trick but did you consider the fact that it could be used to taka a panorama shot. This was already present in the 6z too though. Linus reviews computer hardware really well but man is a crap phone reviewer
https://youtu.be/lDuvJ68NADQ
You were talking about how big and heavy this phone is as a bad thing, honestly that's a plus for me. Personally I can't use a phone without a case, or a super thin/light one without feeling like I'm going to lose or break it. Making the overall product thinner seems kind of counterproductive when more hardware could be included without compromising the experience.
i was just confused of the voice and the person I see in this video. I hear Linus's voice but was searching for him 😂🙈
It does look quite good! I would be interested.  I owned a Zenfone 3 & it was a good midrange phone that I was able to purchase in cash. This is clearly a flagship spec phone... So doesn't carry that appeal the 3 had to me. Because I don't see myself dropping whatever the asking price will be for this phone in cash.... (Couldn't find the price & gave up)  But.... When I got my Samsung Galaxy S10, if I seen this at my cell phone provider for a similar deal. I'd of grabbed it!
I am a big fan of the full screen.  I love the pop up camera on my OnePlus 7 Pro.  The flip mechanism on this is not great but it's better than a hole punch or notch IMO.  I wish companies would invest R&D on alternatives than the stupid folding screens.
Already watched the video y YouTube is showing notification now ?
If it's got some weird lump at 5he top why don't they just stick a projector in there.   Any company looking for a new thing to set them apart just do projectors.
Yo what ever crap algorithm does your subtitles - it NEEDS optimization
Sir plz give me this phone actually I have 3.5k subscriber and i make vlog of village. Plz sir i shoot with redmi note 5pro present time.   Love from India.
It's funny how linus is surprised by  slow moving camera for panorama and side mounted fingerprint scanner. lol
3:14 There is a meme in here somewhere.
Remastered sea shanty II from runescape 3 started playing around 6:00 thought you were playing with me
I'm wondering why don't they try and apply what samsung did with the A80... Instead of this hinge flap thing
Is this phone even coming to Canada??
That color 😍😍
11:37 No wireless charging :(
I love people like u... nicely talk like you the user also the best to me how u explanation better than Malaysia YouTuber when explain about fone.... btw got work
Paid links dont work and you can’t buy it on their website, i fucking want this phone
:( that sensor for unlocking the device is on right side not left.
Honestly I think that one option is maybe so you can take photos of what's above you? Without having to lift your arm and head up to look, which honestly isn't the most comfortable thing in the world to do. No matter how healthy you are. lol
Wish my iPhone had this I hate the notch
I m glad they keep thier philosophy   not like one +  they  do a awesome 7 pro  and the next one  is still a good phone but its look like every other Android design
11:56 'can't find an obvious flaw' ? Here some: 1. No 3.5mm jack! 2. No FM Radio! 3. Non-removable battery! 4. USB-C audio interface required adapter with active DAC IC!  I am looking for replacement of my $40 phone, and I have already given up 1,2,3 criteria. Basically everything works for me, but 4 makes me cry. Really, was it so hard to include built in support? Yes, I'm ready to pay $800 (x20 of price of previous) for it, it is basically perfect match for me (except item 4), and I'm one of those who will use phone for 5+ years until it physically dies (as my current one cheapo on Andorid 6). Alas, it is not available here yet! Any info on this?
Now only if us carriers will accept 3rd party phones
No headphone jack, hardly an upgrade from the 6 and yet they remove the jack Absolutely shit phone
Flaw: No 3.5mm headphone jack, which is something I use daily on my Note 9.
lol
Please stop doing phone unboxing. You are really annoying in case nobody told you that already.
Guy's not that bright.
No audio jack?? Are all newer phones not produced with audio jack anymore?
See. I considered buying this to retire my Zenfone 6, but I just don't see why I should honestly.
Woah,  Manually moving the camera half way into position: 1. You could have your phone slightly raised up when laying it flat on a table. 2. When you activate flashlight, you can hold your phone more comfortably as if you were actually using a flashlight.  Man, having a mechanism like that is pretty creative, I bet there are a lot more possibilities and uses cases for this that people haven’t thought of yet.  I’m surprised apple hasn’t innovated much in term of hardware design while all these companies are coming out with new screen bending screens and flip out cameras and etc. Although they’ve made some of their phones more affordable and powerful as ever, they could easily lose their cool factor if their products designs start feeling stale and unimaginative.  Like I’m suuuper down for Microsoft’s surface duo, that’s something special and will seriously consider upgrading to one of those in the near future if Apple doesn’t promise a future full of hardware innovation.
that volume button mechanic is for manual  panoramas  it has a automatic mode I believe
That fold-out camera is pretty cool! But I’m locked into iPhone. Still good to see what else is out there though.
What does puppy mean ? Linus keep saying it
i would say Asus firmware totally Wreck Keep Crashing IU But hardware its okay good to go.
They HAD to remove the headphone jack huh
may be my next phone, how much is it?
Dammnnnnnn..... i dont need dslr on making vlog hahaha!
I really hope that little toggle on the back of the case isn't for privacy reasons, like someone wouldn't notice the front facing camera popping up.
I have had 2 Asus phones in the past, a Zenfone 2 (which used an Intel Atom cpu and was among the first Android devices on the market to do so, iirc) and a Zenfone 3 Deluxe, which is an eye-catcher to this day, though I have retired it. The Zenfone 2 had the RAM and storage of a flagship device twice its price and a good camera, and the 3 Deluxe had a great headphone amp and upgraded camera along with a good screen.  This might convince me to go back to Asus, as opposed to the cheaper Motorola I've had since I retired the 3 Deluxe. I mostly want a better camera, but the lack of a headphone jack is off-putting. That said, I always have my best headphones at my pc, and I don't use my spare set with my phone that often anymore, and I may simply buckle down and get a good set of wireless Sennheisers.
Another benefit of this camera setup in this day and age, with Covid-19 keeping people away from the office - it gives a superlative video conferencing image compared to the usual trash that sits behind pinhole camera holes. Yeah, it's a mechanical device, and yeah, moving parts are wrong, but in this case the tradeoffs are imo worth it (which is why I did buy the 6, and may upgrade to this.)
I'm still using the Zenfone 6 and... well, the camera has never "flapped around". Primarily because I don't shake it like a complete madman in an artificial attempt to make it move, I suppose. I also suspect the reason there are two cases is that there isn't a huge glut of cases for these on the market, since they aren't massive sellers like the Samsung flagships or Apple phones. It's still in the top 2 phones I've ever owned though, in spite of an LCD screen instead of AMOLED - it had full flagship performance, for half the money (and a fraction of what Samsung wants for their overpriced garbage today). I like this new 7 Pro, looks like a good update.
Should I wait for the Zenfone 7 to come to US or get the Redmagic 5s? Or any other alternatives?
Dammit I liked asus's signature brush metal back and the RGB logo. Used to be my dream phone, now it isn't.  To be honest tho if I had any amount of money to buy a phone I'd just buy one of the notes since a stylus is very useful to me
Asus = Ace - is
DiD hE jUsT sAy MoBiLe GaMeR
Maybe you could take a pic without even picking up the phone
The real question is WHY IS THIS NOT AVAILABLE IN AMERICA
I will need this phone oh please
I'm still on a zenfone 5, literally dose most of what I do asus last a long time, samsung or apple would get slow af by now
Wow Linus is hoottt with the beard
Only if i could afford , linus why don't you do giveaway 🙂
Why don't they just latch the camera in place, release the latch to flip up, flip it up with a spring and have the user flip it back down by hand into the latch?
1:59 That's the dislike right there.
Where is the samsung galaxy z fold 2 review?
Slow charging not working in ROG 3. Not sure when it gets fixed !!
I would take this over a notch or holepunch since i dont need a selfi camera ^^'
I have been using my zenfone 6 for a year now. 1) Battery is absolute monster, also becasue you never need to go above 90% (unless going on a long travel), the battery never wears out like other phone which you have to always fully charge. My Z6 can easy last for 2 days with one single charge at 80-85%. 2) REAL full screen experience. 3) the camera is built so well that you can just play with it as a stress reliever.
If i remember right this isnt the first phone with a flip camera ...
No it can't I bought an ASUS phone 3 years ago and it literally stopped getting updates before it even completed 1 year oof existence
Worst intro ever😂😂😂 but done in a very subtle way🤣🤣
Why was I thinking he was gonna get electrocuted by the phone?
Better than Punch and Notch fashion 😌
And sure, it's awesome, but 230g?? I upgraded from a phone of 160g to 185g and my hand still hasn't forgiven me for the extra strain.
Why he's so rude, throwing everything. It's not respectable  And he complained about camera color after he mess up the display color temperatures
I love this phone
Sir can you please giveaway me this phone.
i just got triggered when he throw box,charger, and other stuff .. urghhh ..can u just put aside slowly 😅
That party trick camera thing is to actually take panorma picture.. Or it can follow the person around while making a video.
what happened to your face linus? :(
I just wish my carrier supported Asus phones. All this needs is a headphone jack.
This guy has the worst unboxing videos ever wtf is this crap
It's absolute BS that this phone isn't available in America
Me puedes regalar ese celular me llamó sindy
Why do i need to shake my phone like that ? 🤔🤔🤔
Give to me.  Thanks
electroboom needs this phone.
5:47 boy needs some moisturizer
the razer phone 2 has the same side mounted finger print censor. it is really annoying. if you have the phone in your hand and it come on it will scan constantly until it locks out
get a one plus 8 pro instead
Has a cool camera, nice screen, good specs, may last a while, AND has microSD expansion!?  This might win me over the Pixel 4A in terms of a future upgrade when my Nokia 7.1 craps out (or when I have the money to get an upgrade).  I already have some ANC bluetooth headphones now, so loss of a jack is not a big deal to me.
Can we do this battery preservation on google pixels?
I've always wanted to get a phone with a side finger print sensor to try it out.
I have Zenfone 6 and I love it. I won't be getting the 7 because no 3.5mm port!
That's pretty cool, you can angle the shot now haha
milliamp powers
I have a Crossover Korean 2K monitor that can be overclocked from 60hz to up to 95hz and the difference is so massive. I can't play LoL on that monitor without the OC. Every single time my Champ takes a step I notice the difference and it's painful.
linus has yet another channel?
Please show notification LED in action in a short video. How visible or bright it is? Because us notification LED lovers don't have that info anywhere else.
Wow. Nice table LOL
What's this channel for???
Is iam the only one seeing intel vpro ad continuously 🙆🙆🙆
Don't buy asus midrange phones.. They sucks at software update... Using asus and i regret buying it just for software support issue and a new update is just a new bug.
Whoooo, photos are so accurate that we can see your nose hairs
Man, who the fuck is gonna shake his own phone like that? What kinda argument is that? Seriously, sometimes I see these videos and I don't get how channels like that can have so much views.
If they really wanted to fix the "flip" issue while shaking it asus should just invest in a worm gear or some other gear that can be driven forwards but not backwards such as what is in miniware's screw driver.
Zenfone 7 : yo A80 can o copy your homework?  A80: sure but change the camera feature
When we are going to see an Asus laptop with flip camera from the back of the screen?
u wont gonna use it for 3 ,4 or 5 years, becasue software is gonna be pain in the ass after 1.5 years.
OK, those power options should be standard by now. We've had apps that do that for over a decade, yet virtually no one auto-includes those kinds of features. That battery will last a long time. Hopefully software support holds up as long.
i had a zenphone 4 and after buy xiaomi mi 9... i'am not happy with xiaomi one... but i already spend soo much in smartphone that i will keep for now xiaomi to never bought another one... xiaomi android is a trashback the rest is really fine and i like the device itself, but the os is pure trash shit
I love it! Amazing design
Half a pound is to heavy for Linus
Clickbait alert!
But actually where will this be available? Don't see it on NewEgg or Amazon
1:52 he has gained too much power to do this with ease now.
I ordered mine earlier this week. It's going to be delivered today/tomorrow :D Btw, that rotating thing with the volume rocker, it's for taking landscape pictures. ;)
I have the Zenfone 6 since release, I still love it!  6:09 Yes absolutely, people were amazed :D
I like the pop-up camera of the Xiaomi 9T because I never really take selfies so the larger screen real estate is worth it to me
How much *battery capacity* does this has??
This reminds me of early NEC 3G phones with roll style phones.. this revolutionized taking pictures of people without them knowing !
I have to ROOT my S9 to get charging limit to 80%. WHY IS THAT NOT A FEATURE ON ALL PHONES??
LINUS : I ONLY REVIEW THE PHONE I DON'T WANT OTHER SHIT ON THE TABLE .         THROWS EVERYTHING AWAY
The variable angle camera is obviously so you can takes timed photos so you don't have to worry about propping the phone up on something at the correct angle while you press the timer button and run to get into position.
ZTE under screen camera. Asus eat poo.
Nice resin table
this guy doesn't really gets the use of casing.. hahhaa.. What a looser ..
This is my kind of phone. I don't take selfies so often (once every half a year)
Silly & janky notch that creates a potential failure point in a screen or flip up camera that gives me a better quality camera than most other front-facing camera. Yeah, I know the mechanism is something else to break, but for a content-creator, that's a pretty appealing setup.
They should stick to the punchole trend than rotating shit camera. .
I am seriously tempted to upgrade my poco f1 to one of these, but the lack of the headphone jack (according to the internet) is bumming me out, and I can`t seem to find a dongle that lets you plug in headphones and charge at the same time withough being super sketchy and crap, which is a shame... As for the camera I saw a headline on my google feed just a couple of days ago about how ASUS had just released an update that had made the camera a whole lot better, so here`s hoping they have the update installed by the time the full review comes out, because depending on what linus and co have to say and my finantial situation in the next few months, I might get one... Either that, or I`m finally flashing my phone with either pixel experience plus or lineage OS  Edit: my comment was written during the asd read, which I`m used to seeing at the end of the vid (guess they changed to mid video recently and ai haven`t watched really any LTT or short circuit vids in at least a couple of weeks) but in the 2nd half of the vid my fear of no headphone jack was confirmed. Egg on my face I guess...
Thank you Asus for removing Headphone jack from ZP7 and ROG3. Now I can skip your phones without any struggle.
Or get the OnePlus Pro. No notch or camera hole 😂😅
Lol Samsung M51 uses 7000mah battery ,with that u can go enjoy whole weekend without even care about battery life
Asus sucks at software.  One of my friend's (5z) got bootloop from OTA update. And guess what haven't boot yet it's been 6-7months even service center said they have to replace the motherboard which is 16k inr. Very disappointed. Tried every thing Flashed the fastboot rom tried flashing through QFIL yet it gets on infinite bootloop
welcome tiltable camera instead tiltable lcd screen
I bought the zenfone 6 right when it came out, I still love it.
Better resolution than pewdiepie's cam
If they could focus more on the camera quality they could totally market this to vloggers
I forgot RoG and Asus are the same company.
I want phones to have an option to disable OIS. It's bad for video and it creates artifacts in the form of warping on the edges. Plus if you bought yourself a nice gimbal you're not going to have as stable as you could get if you just didn't have OIS at all. Please pressure for this to be an option. It's not always a positive for a camera.
shaking the phone go fwap fwap fwap fwap fwap
Full front display.
no headphone jack no buy
linus be like this puppy; that puppy, other puppy, no puppy 😂😂😂
Hold the volume for "Upskirt mode".
That flip camera is extremely useful if you are into photography
How hard u gonna try to break the camera before you even try taking a picture? 🙂
Asus always release the phone at the end. Like Zenfone 6. But if they have been released it always be amazing and unique phone
Good for vlog.
You get shocked too easily.    I want Siri to talk to me like Seven Of Nine, but with erotic suggestions.
I like the concept of a flip around camera. That's unique and different. I would like to see more companies try things and see what we all enjoy.
Now i want this
Ok asmondgold
It's 'Ay-suss' not 'A-soos'
But the flip camera is an outdated gimmick
lol oh no the camera opens when you fling it around... because you always fling your phone around...
My Dji drone weighs less
How much does it cost?
Meh, this was just a fast, cheap way instead of finding a way to put the cameras under the screen. When phones are able to put cameras under the screen this will look a bit stupid
Hey Baldur, where's Kratos???
Full Screen display?  and it is a Taser, don't get shocked
Lol Note20 ultra or this
But...but...but...I need more than just a good camera tho
todo lo se otras narcas lo tiean les vale madre no respetan...pero lo de apple uy lo tratan como si les oagara apple a apple lo teatan bien ,con cuidado , ...lastima de weyes .
Edge to edge display linus...
No headphone jack No IR blaster  That's my hopes gone for an upgrade from my V20.... Literally no upgrade available with those two never to miss features...
Pew Pew Pew
I think the volume-button-controlled camera rotation is probably for better control over shooting in panorama mode
I get that it would be very difficult but if it had dust and water resistance it would be near perfect for me.
How do you unlock? 8:16 "give your phone a little tickle"
Companies investing millions of dollars to design a complicated flip up camera system involving tiny motors, gears, levers, and all kinds of sensors so that people can.... take pictures of their own faces.... Meanwhile, in a parallel universe, where the concept of selfies doesn't exist: Warp drive has been perfected, and humanity has already explored and colonized hundreds of other worlds.
Asoos???? Do yall also say Anoos instead of Anus? Do yall say Canook instead of Canuck? WHAT IS THIS
That volume-buttons expanding of the camera seems logical. It allows you to place it everywhere (on flat surfaces) to make distance photo's so when you travel, you can actually put it somewhere to make a picture when there's nobody around. I also think there should be a selfie cam of sorts to use facial recognition for logging in. I just like having multiple ways to get my device unlocked, even if its a bit less secure. I want options.
LMAO I was like "that image quality is terrible" but I didn't realize that youtube, for some reason, turned down the video quality to 480p instead of 4K
I feel like Asus and LG are those companies who are like hey look at this new feature, just forget about the other parts of the phone or software support. Though it does appear Asus has improved significantly these days... Though to be fair the zenfone 2 only got like 1 update...
Stop copying unbox therapy
Asus actually has great phone support and is one of the few android phone manufacturers that supports rooted devices
At the start of the video....what a nice phone!  LTT mentioned there is no headphone jack  nevermind, i ain't buying it
"Traditional front facing camera" used to describe notches and holepunches is scary...
I like the pop up more then the front facein but I would like it more if it could swivel 360 after it pops up that way I could take 360 shots. I would also like it if it was physical slide over a motorized one that looks prone to braking. I don't like that if the phone is in the wrong way you can not make the phone flip up the camera what happens when that sensor brakes and it thinks the phone is in the wrong way all the time.
HOW CAN THEY SHOOT 04:48 8K VIDEO (7,680 X 4,320) WITH A 05:45 8MP (3456 x 2304) CAMERA?
Hey this is the first time I am watching your video and you reminds me of Seth Rollins in WWE...
The telephoto lens picture actually looks sharper than the main lens pics.
I actually really like the idea of the adjustable angle. Far too often I've tried to take a photo one-handed but couldn't manage it because I had to tilt the pheon so much that the phone would fall over while I try to move my thumb to the shutter button. This wouldn't have been a problem if I could angel the camera itself without the phone being so heavily angled...
6:10 that party trick is just a pervert mode. Ladies in skirts beware!
I wonder if it works with Project Fi.
Lol that zoom in showed his quarantine nose hairs 😂
I was ready to throw my money at them but no headphone jack, no sale. Too bad cause I love everything about it.
He's on edibles for sure
that motor actuation might come in handy if you are a mechanic or find any reason to use a camera in a confined/hard to reach area
Lol Asus will have a lot of people buying their phone with that party trick. They will be recording themselves having sex without the other person knowing haha
@6:18 it's not just a party trick, flip camera halfway and you can use it as a tripod.
Nice quality camera nose hair really sharp
When did it become normal to consider the addition of a 3.5mm jack a pro, and not a standard like it should be...
The charge to a set % feature is actually really great. I've been looking for this for a long time on android. Come on google.
Someone knows where to get a case with a stopper like that for the Zenfone 6?
1:51  and that's how you put away ur boxes.
the first time i saw this guy today i already hate him.
Blu vivo xl plus had 2 cases
Show would go from 60% perfect to 80% without Linus Jokes and 100% perfect without Linus itself!  Not JOKING!😒
I would actually prefer the bit of weight.. feels more durable.. maybe just in my head
It's all good but being a zenfone6 owner I can tell you it frickin annoying the camera doesn't stay closed when it's in your pocket and walking. Really annoying
I am bit shocked too...... Linus gives mobile reviews too???
you owe me this phone day you reach 1 million sub because you are my quarantine partner i am from india waiting for your response dont forget me
Any other brand, literally any other brand:"we have notch and hole punch to keep the sensor,facial recognition,yada yada yada" ASUS:"WHAT'S UP FUCKERS!"
Since I hate how bulky phones have gotten WITHOUT cases, I never use cases anymore. I'd probably have to try making a rubber wedge to jam that camera down. If that didn't work, I'd just glue it. I don't really do the selfie thing anyhow.
Linus:"and a 30W power adapter" Linus is his head:"yeah u know 30W now get off my face!"
Gave a lil tickle 🤣
I like heavier phones, but i guess thats cuz i workout a lot.
“5 thousand million powers battery”, okay subtitles.
1:13 When Linus says "oops", Floss says "RHAH" XD
No wireless charging.. It's 2020 Asus.. Hello? Sheesh
Why this guy look like Linus?
who would do that to their phone. probably linus
The camera can become a phone stand
LTT 2020 binge-watch party: drink every time Linus says pupppy
Wait ltt doesn't have a discord
hm... so finally a reasonable phone for me to upgrade to. I ain't gonna. Cuz I need the money for the next graphics card, but it's reasonable.
Needs a flipout game controllers each end, one with a selfy camera.
hobotechtips
Im sorry but "mobile" gamer should never been a thing 😁
nice
Screen goes at 1000nit
Linus: puts color temperature slider all the way to the left also Linus: "The reds are a little bit muted"
I like the flat display ,  when will the stupid curved edge  cult go away , it sucks .
No headphone jack is the deal breaker for me... I'll go to Zenfone 6z instead. Why not simply include it though? ._.
Cool
My Razer Phone did the fingerprint sensor on the side. I just upgraded to an S20 ultra and I'm hating it on the screen, I wish more phones did it on the button.
Power user phone. I think I found an upgrade for my poco
Good thing it's not coming to NA, right?
6:15 eliminates the need for a tripod right?
Didn't like the way he throws the charger.
also, I intend to only get phones with discrete ear speakers vs speakerphone speakers... My moto g7 power blows my ears out frequently.
band 12 and 71?
I have an asus zenfone 4 max and it's still going strong up to this day.
Should be good in 2 years as Asus is going to stop delivering updates after 1.5 years iirc. Then, custom ROM gang will come to the stage. I'm still rocking on Zenfone 3 with latest Lineage OS, still great for my usage.
Nice video. but i would never buy a asus phone they drop support for them way to quick.
I think you are an iPhone fan..any other company phone can't plez you
5:52 Or the Oneplus 7T Pro sliding camera
How does it know the difference between the case switch blocking it and something else blocking it?!
Ah remember old day when asus was an easy-dry-batery-phone.
Have u not seen the Zenfone6 of last year? it had the camara adjustment too. Also I don't think it's a good move I hate that they still have the flappy back camara as that's what pains me with the 6 and also the removal of the headphone jack. Also with the upped price from last year and what it offers I think there is a better options out they're for this year my eyes are set on the Motorola one 5g it seems to be a better option at a better price point with similar specs and and headphone jack
That plant in the back looks very nice lmao
This is a million times better than a hole in the screen.
5,000mah battery +wireless charging +headphone jack = LG V60
Honestly, this is my biggest gripe with modern phones. The perfect solution to me is the pop up design of my current phone (oneplus 7 pro). And then in the next iteration, they kill the feature :(. I feel it isn't important to me how my selfie camera quality looks, but rear facing camera is moreso. It's also a more durable and less prone to getting destroyed design.
"PEW! PEW! PEW! I'm taking pictures!" XD
lol, according to the captions, the battery has "5,000 million powers"
Why dont you just have no notch, no punch hole and no gimmicky flip up or pop up camera and just have a slightly bigger chin/forehead or what ever its called.
Such a great phone review. I actually never knew ASUS made major Android high performance phones. Nice.
Not first but 666k views club.
11:37 Also, if you use a phone case(which you should if you want it to look nice after two years of use), you can't charge it wirelessly anyways.
That half-way thing could be used to take video? You set it up, plug into a PC? Impromptu webcam?
My autism kicked in and I thought the phone actually shocked you
Must add: in my experience Asus has the WORST CUSTOMER AND PRODUCT SUPPORT of any company out there. I had a Nex 7 or something that an Android update bricked. Battery drain issues. Won’t hold a charge. Can’t reach customer support. Great out of the box. Buy if cheap, then toss it.
flappy noise is worth the rear camera quality in my opinion
¿Does it support NFC?
I want a phone that has that screen speaker that Sony put in TVs a few years ago. That would be pretty cool.
If you think that phone is heavy you need the layoffs the soy drinks
This peaked my interest and then found no plans to release in USA. Ugh
Damn Linus looking photogenic af my guy
Why do so many North American tech media outlets refuse to understand that phones like this ARE designed to be primary devices? Not many people in South America and Asia (where this category of device would be the most popular) really gives a shit about bulk and weight. For the hundreds of millions who are gaining access to the internet for the first time, this may be their ONLY device - not just a primary or secondary access point to the internet. On top of that, photo quality doesn't have to be absolutely amazing across the board for every single sensor. Battery capacity is KEY - towers are much more congested, the number of people (compared to Canada or the US) per tower is much higher, and the amount of data throughput per tower jumped from pretty much zero to 4G levels in just five years instead of fifteen. That's why the ROG Phone line will have the success that it does - the market sector it occupies takes the place of gaming laptops that may or may not be useful for someone living in a 200 sq.ft. apartment.
I'm using Asus 6z, worth every penny!
stop bullying the camera linus :(
Why is even a phone mic better than a lot gaming headset mics?
That "party trick" flip camera is less party and more some creeper's wet dream for taking up-skirt shots to post on whatever perv website to share with all his on-line "incel" buddies.
It is idiotic to discuss hole-punch or notch cameras as if they're a legitimate design choice. The only reason they exist is that some people at some companies think some people are infinitely stupid and somehow care that a phone (or a notebook display) has a bezel too thin for one. Usability, battery life, speed, reliability matter. Edge-to-edge displays do not.
You are starting to look like Eminem! It's a good thing.
I won't  lie, that is one cool phone.
Hi Linus
Please put phone model in title. I thought it's  a ROG phone review.
y u sound like u in a space suit
I will never understand 'gamers' who game on mobile.
no wireless charging :( could of coped with the no headphone jack, annoying that its become the norm now,  but would of still gone with this if that was the only feature missing, but no wireless charging is to far...
Instead of overcomplicating things with motors and sensors, why not just have the camera on a springloaded hinge with a latch to keep it in place?
Nope Asus has shitty support...atleast in mobile section
Volum button truck us for panorama shots... And it's amazing
8:18 I love ya Linus but  can you NEVER SAY TICKLE EVER AGAIN?!   thanks ahead of time ;)
channel name shortcircuit. Video about a shocking phone.  I am legitimately annoyed that this video is not about a ground fault in the design. I had a laptop that would zap me if I touched one of the serial ports on the side. Not a hard jolt. Could only actually feel it with the more sensitive skin on the underside of my arm rather than fingertips or something more padded. Still. I was hoping for an electrical analysis of a design fault like that.
Doesn’t the Samsung S10E have a side finger print sense on its power button?  Mold was already broken.
I've always wanted to give my phone a little tickle to wake it up
That wooden table got me thinking the phone will fall in between that gap.
In a world where chargers are now optional you complain not about 1 but 2 cases ? My ASUS cheapie came with a clear one. Saved me some time and countless drops later phone is still pristine. Thanks ASUS !
The best thing is there is no front camera that is 24x7 watching you...  secondly, a very up to date technology at decent pricing... Just hope they regularly (on time) roll out software updates...
You did everything things with the phone except gaming on it
12:09 I have that charger too! it's sick
I never had a problem with phones having a bezel at the top and bottom. All the notch/punch/flip business just screams gimmick and extra cost to me.
you forgot to mention the Nokia 3d audio capture system
is Linus Sex Tips a real thing?
LIke to see drop test with flipped camera to see how durable that camera set ups are.
I prefer pinholes any day. I don't care about pin holes or even bessels. Not at all.
Asus shocked me too. Literally.
I just disliked and cancelled watching his video after 2:15 after seeing him throwing everything around. It's awful!
too bad it doesn't have a headphone jack. is kinda a break or make feature for me...
08:50 Is 90 the new 60?
13:08 I can definitely see me using the flippy camera
Linus stop comparing every phone you see to an iphone
I think might buy this just so other companies know that a flip camera is way better.
I call it the convertible camera smartphone.  I  have my BMW 430i convertible smart car which has camera, too.
Atha odachudatha da punda mananey,phone ha phone nathiri use pannu parathesi
hey, this guy kind of looks like the guys from techquickie and Linus tech tips. weird
Sony did the side fingerprint on lock button thing way before, and let me tell you, it blows, it sucks, it's awful, it's terrible, don't do it, don't.
I really like Asus phones. I've be been using the zenPhone 3 since like 2017, and I have never had major hiccups with it. Obviously the battery does not hold the charge it used to, and the camera has definitely not aged well, but it's still perfectly usable, fast and responsive.  I can see that yes, longevity is one of the top priorities for them, and I am very, VERY interested in upgrading to the zenphone 7 if, and only IF, Asus has continued improving.
The microphones sounded pretty great though.
personally, I don't notice the jump in refresh rate from 60 to 95. At least on a PC.
I ve had my asus zenfone 3 for 3 and a half years and i m still incredibly happy with it, the battery still lasts a long time, the screen is good, and i still havent experienced any major slowdowns. The zenfone 7 looks really good but i m afraid it s too expensive for me, and tbh i have no reason at all to change phone until mine eventually dies
Do you have root access on this phone or does ASUS lock it down?
100 flips a day for 5 years? I would believe that if they provide a 5 year warranty on set feature.  In my experience Asus hardware is the least durable compared to other branded hardware I own.
I miss the realese date in europe, india and canada
What a beast of a phone
That's a good idea.
I have a OnePlus 7 Pro. I refuse to downgrade to a phone with a notch or hole punch screen in the future. I really hope OnePlus get the camera under screen tech on their phones within the next 18 months...
reminds me of an old nokia phone that could twist and look like a camcorder.
01:50 Box: Sir, Here's your new device linus: FU!!!!!!
pay 10K for a phone you might as well have two cases in the box
this is not a phone ! this is an tablet! so huge and overweight
I WANT THIS PHONE SO BAD BUT IM IN THE US
gameing phone review camera specs no hardware good luck playing games with 64 mp camera
Will you review the Xperia 1II ?  I feel like that phone deserves to be talked about, now that Sony finally decided to make good phones, after what 3 years?
No headphone jack? Why is this going away again?
Asus need exclusive games that fully take advantage of the hardware
Actually, by switching the camera angle with the volume keys you are able to place the phone on a flat surface and use the camera as a webcam for your pc with some apps. Or, you know, film a spicy movie
I think I know what the phone case Is for        It is to keep the camera in place so it won’t flip up       They literally solve the problem and you made it a problem again
You are similar with Linus in every way possible, I even thought you are his doppleganger.
UNDERSCREEN CAMERA
I don't like the fact that you don't mention to the price  It's gonna be really expensive.
Now this is what you call an honest review
@linus Sony have had a side mounted fingerprint sensor for quite some time. It's pretty handy and intuitive once you realise its exactly where at least one finger will be when you pick the phone up. Xperia 1 for example.
Face unlock?
Did he say how much it was? i went to the website and its a bunch of specs no price
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!  put it flat on the table and try to take a selfie.
Wow !! Counts the Virginal Walter's herein... Never have a seen such a throng of Mullets in need of being laid.... Bless them...
I kinda liked when he threw away all the accessories and the boxes lol
Why can't I find this phone in the States? WHY? WHY? 😭😭😭
Been using that phone for a year, Very late on it coming to the states, phones doing OK one year in mechanically. This phone takes the best panoramic pictures ever, just incredible.
Huh... Looks just like an unbox therapy video.  Linus, the beard is right, all you need are glasses and a cap.
How many different name channels this guy has???
I'm still not a fan of the hole punch just like I'm still not a fan of the lack of headphone jacks . Full screen is the future imo
I use my phone at work in places where you would normally use an inspection mirror. Every thing about that camera would be so perfect for that.
Linus: Who the hell include 2 cases?!?! Asus: Just in case...
Ok who else got anxious AF when he just "dropped the phone on 2 planks that were barely close enough to hold it" lol (Yes I see the plastic/glass on top)
Is this guy from LInus TEch Tips?
I really wish they would launch it in the US.
I wanna see this phone with g cam
color & look irrelevant.  To protect it you are going to throw a good case on it!
Panty shot phones.
The multi angle camera would be great for tight spaces like an engine bay.  It would come in clutch for that 10 mm socket when you inevitably drop it into the recesses of the bay.
I have the zen 6 still an amazing phone. You can take a selfie with 8 friends without using a selfie stick. Fantastic for blogging. The changes I really wanted were a slightly better night mode and an IP68 rating.
I think the partial flip camera is cool if you are trying to take remote pic or video. You can just set on a table or surface and go at it.
3 years of android updates vs unlimited iOS updates.  I hate giving money to Apple but android-security-nightmare-hacked-bank-account-new-homeless-all-savings-and-pension-gone.
Asus didn't 'break the mold' with a side finger print sensor. Sony had them on their Xperias years ago.
hey new editor, hello
More centered camera-bumps please!
Under-screen is the way to go
How many channels does this guy have?
The phone that nobody cares
This guy looks like the guy in Linus Tech Tips
The perfect phone for  party tricks and as for the speakers it's OK.  Fantastic
i still rock the zenfone 6. i love the thing. shure the camera gets a little bit loose sometimes. but you doubletap the camera and it resets. by the way... panorama shots.
Linus being handsome all of the sudden is too distracting. Can we go back to dorky virgin?
I am just using Iqoo 3 and it's kinda similar.
Linus's expressions when the phone acknowledged
Those features for charge management sound awesome. I've been manually limiting (for the most part) my battery between 40% and 80%. Having that managed automatically would be nice. Not starting the day with my full 80% is sometimes annoying.
Oh man, why nobody's doing a competetor for galaxy note series. Stylus is sooooooo goooood, but Samsung is too much overpriced. Asus is one of the companies, who can bring back the pda's, but they make there roundy vivo stylo copies. I see no reason to buy a one.
i hate when he just suddenly disrespect every gadgets like for him it's nothing. well, we know it's nothing for him. seems like he's making a statement for every poor being who can't afford such things. Here, im just gonna bang this, and throw that, ya, weep peasants.
linus trim the mustache a bit
4:11 - Homeless Linus.... HomeLinus
3:51 - Your Canadian is showing.....
6:16 that adjustment is also used for the panorama so you just hold the phone still and it automatically moves the camera to take it
This camera reminds me of the pop-up headlights on my old Celica.
can you use your camera as phone stand to watch on landscape? hmmm :D
pota to. binabato lang yung charger at saka type c.
Little costly compared to nord.
An Asus zenfone 6 user for a year loving it for selfie videos ,going to get a 7 for my wife also 😊  Oh yes only and only one flaw ,, if you use it for YouTube live ,, it will keep hunting for focus ,,,, that’s weird
3:45 I love that sound
there should at least be a necessary point like Face ID, when you have to include a front-facing camera just get rid of it completely if there is not
6:10 duuuuude! Timed group photos with the phone lying on the table without a tripod! That's what it's for!!!
Who shakes his phone though?
With this beard you look like a tiny irish man
Why do these brands keep thinking is all about dumb specs that don’t matter put a fking 3090 in that shit and it won’t make a difference on sales . Work in the fking OS and ecosystem there’s a reason apple product keep their prices and Samsung and other androids drop to shit .
At last it is revealed that Linus is not a 15 year old boy!
This is fancy.  I also absolutely hate the idea of a notch or hole in my screen, so my current phone is the Oppo Reno 2z, which has a pop-up front camera.
You can put the phone on a sturdy surface and can take a full paranoma without touching the phone, the moving module does the entire paranoma for you, that was the party trick, it's great
6:24 , I can see potentially a LOT of uses for that...
Best part of the video was Linus yeeting that poor box.
I need to knock the boxes on the floor like that boss move lol
Why is having 2 back covers in the box wierd?
ever ASUS product I have ever bought has failed. A motherboard, a gpu, and a monitor. Ill never buy another ASUS product again.
skip to 04:07 for the flip up
You shocked me too... U are So fvcking Hot 🤤 🔥🔥
Nice audio quality lol
That party trick thing could actually help you take pictures of people without it being too obvious holy shit
Why have a flip camera just add a small 3” screen on the back of the phone for taking selfies and then you can remove the camera for the front and the chance of it breaking when the camera pops up..  it’s not rocket science you know....  and you can also use the 3” screen for displaying sms messages what’s app etc...
Pfft my Xaomi has a 64mp selfie cam to :P and STOP using beautifie on the selfies :P
Why is Asmongold reviewing phones now?
Why would you throw everything like that? It gives such a bad impression Linus c'mon man.
My Xiaomi Mi Note 10 got 5260mAh 👀
shocked you means asus must seek your permission to do anything?
atleast they ship 30 watt charging and acase in the box! other companies that i wont mention but will say are the most popular fruit isnt gonna ship a brick at all in its next phone. beats me. my one plus 8 pro is killing it
Yep, I'll take this over a hole notch.
U thrive everything after unboxing expect the phone ,  why don't u throw that phone even but IN MY POCKET 😂 Jk I am always ur biggest fan and follower
I dont know if this would work but if you could get a long enough exposure, you could make an app that tracks the sky at night and makes panoramic photos of the galaxy
A 80 ripoff
For 150$ that's a great phone..
"Unless your Razer focused on gaming"  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I see what you did there
Watch at 1.75x speed. U will save a lot of time 😁
well........... MAYBE if you were wearing an ANTI STATIC bracelet, you wouldn''t have gotten SHOCKED you NUUUUUB.
Ah, the phone shaking. The normal way to handle the phone.
The camera also shows those nose hairs.....time for some manscaping, Linus (and don't forget those pubies, too) ?!
I see this phone lasting an easy 5-6 years if they have good support. Usually I give flagships a 5-6 year good lifespan. While mid-range gets 3-4 years.   Not to say you can't use these devices after this time if everything still works well. And with good support, a good sized battery and powerful specs why not?
at 6.20 i would use the weird camera for looking under a desk or in an engine compartment.
Whoever implemented that volume trick was thinking of placing the phone on the screen to film whatever happens in the room. lol
I thought the screen on the thumbnail was cracked.
That Table keep making me think Linus will drop it on the floor + nose hair eww lol
I have personally found that large and heavy phones work better for large AF hands.
basically a voyeur / upskirt cam Kappa.
Why would people need that? Think Linus... Its a nice touch when you dont have a tri-pod....
Why are you throwing stuff like a disrespectful jerk?
Old samsung flagship used to do double back casing. My first android phone was Galaxy ace and it has interchangeable back covers, my brother bought a galaxy note and it has the same thing as well
He looks like Kane Williamson. 🤔
Also has an almost stock android. Same with zenfone6
Ive been using asus zenfone 3 for 4 years now and it works perfectly
@Linus The slow movement if the camera could be nice for taking fotos and videos in weird locations where you just lean the device for example against a wooden log or atone and adjust the camera to get the people perfect into frame! <3
I can’t find it in the links :(
I love the look of zenfone phones. Not so long ago i rocked a zenfone 3max which was gorgeous
author is under drugs , or what ?  behavior like a drug addict
Xaiomi are very good at maintaining support on  their phones. Software updates are extremely regular.
Who includes two cases? Every cheap chinese manufacturer did 10years before..
No headphone jack is a deal breaker. Always will be.
7
bro how many youtube channel this guy have?
Rather have one really good camera at like 18mpx (and bigger sensor) than multiple cameras with differen resolutions.
Expected Some sort of Shock      disappointed.
can we open phone without picking up.???  iphone : we don't do that here
You have a bad directory 😔
I wanna get one in the US but I have no idea how lol.
You're really tempting me to get a new phone
Wow, you are lucky one, to have Black with Greenish color varient..!❤️ All reviews i have been seen, with White one..! Nice Hands on review..!👍 Best Wishes from Holy City Ajmer, India🇮🇳
It's not a party trick it gives amazing angle, where you don't have to move into weird positions
Dude you totally missed the point, what you call just a "party trick" is exactly one of the biggest selling points of the flip camera. Think about it, you're standing at a corner of a street looking at your phone, how do you hold it? You hold it tilted approximately 45 degrees (facing your eyes), now when you want to take a photo of the street ahead, normally you'll have to lift the phone up and hold opposite your face and keep holding it perfectly vertical to take a photo. Not with this ZenFone though, here you just rotate the camera without rotating your phone, without sacrificing that comfortable 45 degree tilt hold that you're used to. Tilt the camera till you get the right view you wanna capture. Neat, comfortable, discreet, handy .. not just a party trick
Where is Linus first look of rtx 3000 series GPU launch
so Asus is making Tasers now
Throwing everything away bothers me. But hey thanks for the video. ✌️
As little as I am bothered by holepunches and notches, I never use the selfie camera ever, so I would probably tape down the flappy camera once and for all.
I owned zenfone 6 and one plus 7 ... Honestly z6 was not as good as advertised... Gaming experience was awful and was nowhere as compared to one plus 7  👍
I love the camera and find it very useful. The main thing i use the selfie camera for is to look into hard to see places. This is perfect as a periscope. Hope more implement this design.
8:47 is 50% - which is also called "an enormous leap forward" ;)
I'll take a flip camera ANYTIME!!!!!!!!! WAAAAYYYY more AWESOME!
06:44 audible ad top right book. Mary Lee Trump releasing trump Secrets. Touché
So you guys likes the negative notch?
i would just buy Galaxy A80, it has better software&UI
No 3.5mm jack. No matter how good the phone is, if it doesn't have a jack, then it is not for me.
All the views on linus tech tips are just employees watching their own videos
"To the Early Squad That's reading this"  Sending Virtual hugs to anyone who needs it! Stay safe everyone and positive  My dream is trying to reach 10k to make my mum and dad proud.
Yo guys, why not try using some of these "gaming phones" in some kind of a test with like Parsec of Steamlink or whatever in case you wanted to setup some kind of "on the go" setup where you could remotely connect to a distant pc and see how well the hardware holds up. Theres also the accessories and what not to fully customize the experience
Don't know but it looks like a paid/sponsored video
"Is the ASUS Zenfone 7 the idea everyday smartphone and does the flip camera a solution for the notch or hole punch?"   What?
He looks like LTT GUYS LITE VERSION
Linus is rich and not impressed
90 Hz Display and this Camera Flip tech - seems like a great phone for on the go Twitch Streamers honestly.
Linus: I can't find an obvious flaw in it..."  Me: NO HEADPHONE JACK or IR BLASTER!!!
My Xiaomi Redmi Note 9 Pro is better. I have a headphone jack and an IR blaster as well as Android 10 and Dual Sim + Sdcard slot.
When your phone can hold more files then your grandparents pc.
broke the mould with side fingerprint sensor? sony has been doing this since the original xz maybe earlier i dunno. cool phone tho. i dunno about the durability of the flip camera. seems like more moving parts to break in the future
Which is better zenfone 7 vs s9 plus ? Or the pro
I love to see Linus throwing down the gauntlet to Android manufacturers. The first one to break 5 year support will be incredible.
*This phone could REALLY be a 10 with a jack tho.*
You look like Messi with cap on the thumbnail 😂
Side mounted fingerprint sensors are better than rear mounted ones, it's one of the things I have always liked about Sony phones. I do wish fingerprint sensors would work better with damp/sweaty hands though.
No 3.5mm....could have been a big winner this year.  *Turns toward LG...*
I bought a Realme 6 a few months ago, after being a Samsung tragic since the original Galaxy S.  It was $AU420, and it's great.  The latest Galaxy S is over $AU1000.   Buying high end phones nowadays is stupid, because cheap phones will do your phone calls, SMS and internet just fine.
11:01 YES YES YEEEES Finally! Why did it take so long? How is it so difficult for all these software developers to build in an option for charge stopping, when it‘s at a certain level? You already display the number! You don‘t have to go through any difficulties to retrieve the percentage. So now that it is already known for years - why don‘t most have that feature? I want it on all phones, tablets and laptops and mobile hardware, now!!  PS: And why is „no headphone jack“ not a big bummer anymore? Does no one care about sound quality these days anymore? I get that there are a lot hip wireless knobs that you can put on your ear, but you have to charge them all the time, while wired ones just work. No, I don‘t want something without a headphone jack. People, think: That one is not „a good thing for us all“, that decision is marketing to get all people buying new gadgets once and then every few years when the internal battery becomes weak or dies. I can get behind other „inventions“ out there, but for that one I don‘t swallow the excuse.
Linus "Ohhhh shiny"
Love this! I hate notes and holepunches
Thats a weed plant with a bamboo halloween costume in the back.
Asus Zenfone 6 got a 3.5mm jack, by the way.
You can put the phone down at 90° on a table, see what it's pointing at on the screen, put a timer, and voilà, group photo with nothing else to hold the phone.
Software updates in the Android space is treated as a premium. Samsung will update only their flagships for 3 years plus security patches while others will have to replace at some stage for security or by way of bugs in the last ota firmware. Others prefer you to just buy the “new” device for that feature which could have been supported by way of a new firmware.
Totally irrelevant topic to the video, but I wish 90Hz became the new standard.  60Hz is just complete garbage after running at 120Hz for even a month.  90Hz is where it still looks nearly the same, notably with adaptive sync.  100Hz is more 'comfortable' and feels like my upper limit of perceivability (though I can tell the difference between 120/144 on the desktop), but dropping to 80fps in games is quite noticeable, and by the time it gets to 60 things just look like how 30FPS used to.  EDIT: ..uh, okay, youtube ate the complete second half of my comment somehow?   jesus christ.  I have never seen it f up like this
Every time I watch a short circuit video I'm not sure I'm watching the real Linus 🤣 pretty sure the hardware their reviewing is CGI too!
Meh, I prefer OnePlus' sliding tray camera. Shame they gave up on that.
You are in the German trends with this video😍
Wish it had a headphone jack.
mm Linus's pores
I thought the video ended when the sponsor segment started.
7:39 when all hopes are dashed and all dreams crushed!
"hardcore mobile gamer"   Let those words sink in.....  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Wait... Where am I? Why are you on this channel?
This channel is making LTT just be full reviews and a What Linus Messed Up This Month videos. Reviews should just be all on this channel. Tech Tips, builds, and weird things Linus does go on LTT. Grandma's computer help goes on TQ. TL is fine, but lately only really covering Epic vs. Apple because clicks.  Channel Superfun should still make videos.  LTT is now too formal. It is becoming forgettable. When LMG was working out of the house we got to experience the "gang". We are now just watching talking blobs take things out of boxes without dropping anything.   Sorry for the rant, but the formal Linus is not as enjoyable to watch. Do some cool stupid builds like submerged pc again.
rog3 was so close. just needed wireless charging  i aint dealing with no cords (unless its for a headset lol)
Cameras w a moving/flip out screen can be super helpful to compose creative shots.  This phone has the same thing just the cam moves. For low/how shots this is so much better than laying down or breaking your neck for a shot.
I just want a phone that size, with a physical keyboard.
he really did a verge toss 2:00
I love the part that Linus gave bad cred on software longevity and support "to some android manufacturers" and not mentioning that Asus has been super bad with this.
OK, can someone explain the hole punch hatred to me? I feel like Linus and the team have held onto that particular grudge for much longer than they held onto their complaints about notched displays. I upgraded to an S10 about six months ago and I have absolutely no problem with the hole punch; it takes up minimal screen real estate, doesn't draw the eye in like a "teardrop notch", looks miles better than a full size notch, and the only time it overlaps with content is when the content is 21:9 or wider, which, ironically, is usually only the case for LTT videos. Even _then_ it only shaves about a millimeter off of one of the corners of the image. I'll be glad when we get under-display cameras, or *_robust_* pop-out/flip cameras, but in the meantime I don't find it to be a massive problem.
I am still good with my oneplus 7 pro because I don't do selfies and basic camera work. I just want games, videos, and a phone.
Attitude man.. respect the box at least
This will be my next Phone. Why? Because i write/and watch this on my 9 year old Asus laptop.
The party trick he told about is actually useful... i have a zenfone 6... and what I do is flip its camera at a 90 put it on ground and boom I do not need a tripod... really helps me to record my training and find find flaws in my form as i do calisthenics... and it could be used for anything... and duh it's a cool spy cam
Linus throwing things down triggers me so hard. Have some respect Linus!! Lol.. Feels like he knows it triggers people and that's why he does it.
STOP IT WITH THE BULKY COMMENT, because of reviews like yours that have massive influence we've been going in the thin and thinner phones and battery life has suffered.  SO STOP IT WITH YOUR BULK COMMENT AND SHOVE IT
Did I miss the price, or did not mention it.
This party trick is going to be amazing for food photographers, helps you get that low angle if you have it half way open
Yikes $750 for a phone with no headphone jack and nowireless charging is too much.
How often do you shake your phone around the way you did to try and move the camera? I have done that literally zero times in my life.
Linus:the fingerprint censor is on the lockbutton for the first time Samsung Galaxy S10e owners:Bruh
Haha pair it with a smart watch and boom instant security camera with a stand 😂😂😂😂😂
I love companies like a, b, c and d trying wacky stuff that actually really functional rather others doing blah blah blah, <- while this exact type of person acquired those unnecessary features phone  Lel kek.
asus made that camera for onlyfans lol
1:27 "Who includes two cases in their box?" *Meanwhile Motorola including up to 5*
Now you can take inconspicuous videos. Lol
4:00  Camera: "stop, why you bullying me"  6:19 "I'm so cute and smart, breath if you agree"
"all screen display" - sure...
I wish Canadian cell providers would have these as an option.
asus has cameras go brrrr
I was actually waiting for the Asus Zenfone 7 to come out in hopes of there being a headphone jack.  Asus really went out of their way to improve the audio quality on the Asus 5z you have no idea. I wrote a huge post on reddit saying the 5z had really tinny audio in the headphone jack and it wasn't worth going for, I also made a bunch of rants and submitted tickets on it in their forums. For a good solid year, the software team at Asus constantly updated their firmware and each one included a subtitle that specifically said, "improved audio quality." Each revision would change a certain part of the audio, the first change was fixing the volume rocker where sometimes the volume would max out after 3 pressed, then the next update changed the frequency response of the audio so it tilted slightly warmer, then it would change how audio distorts at maximum volume, and finally the last update if I recall was minimizing the steps between each volume adjustment. Now I'm not saying these revisions were due to my persistent requests to improve the 5z's audio quality, I highly doubt a large company such as Asus would bend over backward for one person. But my point is that Asus really knows how to deliver in the audio department when they tried.  The impressive part about the 5z was that they, yes, drove a headphone like my Sennheiser HD600's and I very much ENJOYED listening to them from my phone.  To see today that Asus decided to drop the headphone jack was a huge disappointment for me today.   Albeit I actually went for the LG V60, even though I'm Canadian and bought it second hand unlocked; it's a phone that's hands down the best for heavy users. The dual screen is actually the absolute best for gaming, there are games like Honkai Impact 3rd, Punishing Gray Raven and soon to release Genshin Impact where having 2 screens allows having discord to be open and the game to be open at the bottom to communicate for raids and coop missions. The 2nd screen when not setting up raids allows for having a game controller, and yes, they're constantly improving the dual screen everyday as day 1 release was very buggy. The 1080p/60fps 5000mah battery means I can game for a solid 6 hours with headroom. If you're a public commuter then you can have a map or transit schedule open on one side while reading discord/browsing the web/emails on the other. The quad dac changes how audio is perceived, you can have it so that slower sounding earphones sound snappier, or more relaxing earphones sound snappier. Plus the dual screen is removable, which makes on-the-go usage a lot easier.   Every year there's less options for headphone jacks, and LG is the only one remaining where it's not just tacked on as a side feature.  Oh well.
you are the only one who appreciated the asus phones 😊, rog 3 deserved a better comments like u did
I 10/10 would have bought the phone if it had a headphone jack.
how about just no front camera?
Act like your texting and subtly flip the camera to take pictures of the people doing weird shit in front of you in Walmart to send to your family and friends to talk shit.
12:03 Dude, you say all that AFTER you set its display colors to COOLER temperature????? 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ (9:19)
No Linus being electrocuted? I demand a refund!
Who's switching their phone out every 3 years because of the selfie camera
my family's car is that color, its super sick
This phone has 700 nits brightness, and the new Origin laptops have only 300-400 nits brightness?? Pfffff origin...........
6:19 Not a party trick, but a spy camera. Yep, definitely. That would be more useful with a small display on the back...
That phone looks like one to consider if I ever need a new phone.
no headphone jack makes it not an option... yep i use bluetooth earbuds mostly but sometimes i really do need that jack
IPS rating?
Linus is passing through puberty
I could see using that adjustable angle volume rocker 'trick' used as a web cam
The "volume thing gimmick" on the camera hinge is really nice as a video feature, to make smooth pans, as if you had a good tripod
I prefer a shitty camera that will break and get wet and also break over a punch hole! Stfu!  And you can stop wining about it, 2021/22 will have under screen cameras for your amusement!   I couldn't care less! Just want the best specs quality and usability and reliability and endurance!
Wait this guy looks like Linus from Linus Tech tips??? Sounds like him too
Will it come to north america? A lot of speculation says that is not.
"if i give my phone a little tickle..."
given the quality of zenfone series from the past I'm not sure it surprised you or literally shocked you with electricity.
That movable camera would be an excellent way to take Google Astophotography photos
Now that's the way to design a mobile phone. It's time to get rid of the ugly notch. It's all Apple's fault
or the "party trick" could just be a brilliant idea, you see that very position you mocked would be perfect for a timer picture or acting as a tripod you can set it down and do a whole vlog right into a small camera and have it be completely still
Just buy an iPhone and use the apple watch as a view finder for amazing selfies
Great point Linus brought up in the end which is SUPPORT ! They must support it for at least 3 years if they really want to succeed with the market
Samsung a80
Can it make phone calls?
Asus transformer way? Camera transformer way! Well Samsung  hens.
Linus:  *Cranks color temperature almost all the way to cool* Also Linus: "The reds are pretty muted, and the greens are a bit too boosted"
You know what I wish I could buy? A smartphone with flagship specs, but no front facing camera at all. I've literally never even considered using one, so all these stupid hole-punches, notches, and weird mechanical devices are completely useles, pointless, wastes of money and space. Give me bezels or remove it entirely.
1:05 - Hrm.... Me kind o' like...
Please could you check out how it feels after two or three updates? I love my Zenfone 6! It has many of the same specs.
Don’t drop it in the sand or you’re gonna regret it
uhhh microphone quality isn’t doing so good.
All the 7 phones are interesting Samsung there note phone cought fire oneplus the camera pops up and apple removed the headphone jack
I feel like the demographic that ASUS is going after isn't going to care about the disparities between the selfie lenses so much, especially if it leaves the whole front face for gaming.  In fact, I think something like that is kind of a selling point.  It's so useless and strange but so cool at the same time.  Can you imagine whipping that bad boy out to record a Karen at walmart?
#EnjoyLifesContent
Nobody shakes their phone like that. Wtf
While I'm not sure id see myself owning a phone with this kind of camera (unless it was ip68 rated) I do think the camera would also double as a kickstand which would pretty much solve group photos or distance-selfie type situations
i'm sad they killed the headphone jack the zenfone 6 still had it
Would've bought this if it had a headphone jack. Shame.
Isnt linus' advice for old school batteries?
Asus supporting something for more than a couple years? Lol, good luck with that.
7:48 didn't Samsung had that in 2018?
Petition for all gamer aesthetics to be replaced with shimmery professional looking black and blue.
what happened to those stuffs he just thrown away?
Love the  side mounted fingerprint sensor, the camera, and the full display without notch or punch, the expandable card, the high refresh, and the 865+ powerhouse.  No complaints about the bulk or heft. Give me that thiccc boi.
USBAE TYPE SAY?
there is no zenphone 7 either on amazon or newegg
You should check out the zte axon 20
So when is it coming to Canada?
Linus, stop throwing things around! You're acting like a spoilt brat.
Ive Been using the Zenfone 2 up until last month it finally died T_T ... So i will try and get this
When he said "rog phone 3 but not gamery" I expected high-end specs.
2:10 the term you are looking for Linus is "Full Frontal."
I purchased the Asus Zenfone 6 & it stopped fast charging in the first 2 months so took over 12 hours to fully charge & had severe slow down problems, freezing for minutes at a time randomly with no severe usage at all.  Phone’s are garbage, don’t fall for it.  Regarding your long term support comment, won’t happen as they don’t support them in their current flagship cycle, the issues I had were common & went months without being rectified which is unacceptable for a company as big as Asus.
I love that camera because it's like 1000:1 on how often I need a front facing camera, so that motor would last forever.
No excuse for the Zenfone 7 Pro to have a Micro SD card slot but the ROG Phone III doesn't. 😑  P.s. No headphone jack on both is trash.
Wait until someone optimizes Gcam for the Zenfone 7 series.  Picture quality will be better.
Why do we allow him throwing boxes  Me: It's Linus and we allow him
"Who includes two cases?"  Oneplus comes to mind.
I think selfie lock is made for does who don't want to accidently face reveal in discord
not for me. i love my iphone 11 pro max i love using face id. i dont care about having a notch in the phone to be able to have face id. sure you could with this as well but i would hate to have to flip the camera everytime to sign into things.
Can we please just get a phone that has an edge to edge screen and NO front facing camera capabilities at all? No hole punch, no chin bar, bezel, flip up or pop up cameras. Just use the rear facing cameras if you must take a self portrait.
I actually would buy it
Is me or no reviewers have never seen the A80?
Not being released in Canada, due to incompatibility with our 5G networks.
This is probably the only new phone this year that I would actually buy if I needed a new one. All the other phones have some issues or features I don't like.
Did I miss the Price?
Still waiting for the phone that just doesn't give you a selfie camera.... not used a selfie camera ever and I'm 24
I want to hear Brandon's opinion on the photos. Is this phone better value than samsung a80
And I'm still rocking a Zenfone 3 with it's "laser" auto-focus...
The sound of one phone clapping
You hit the nail on the head with android / phone maker and its support for phones. Android phones are terrible for creating mass landfill after 2 to 3 years when the phone is still good but the OS is ‘old’
Nice phone!!!
You dont really look shocked in the thumbnail. More like you're wondering why you're so constipated or something :p
I don't know how it is now but in the past when it came to software ASUS has always been subpar.
Motorola Z3 has the FP on the side, too
While you made fun of it, orienting the camera sideways could come in handy when you want to sit your phone on table or mantle to get a group shot.
Channel renaming: Linus Drop Tips
Prove to me that a phone holding a charge all night is bad for the battery.
I've had a Zenfone 6 and I love it. The killer for me on this phone is the price. The Z6 was like $500, these are hundreds more.
This sounds nice (literally sound)... I wonder how they record this...
A notchless display
6:23 You're welcome
the next video title: Nvidia just SHOCKED me
What’s the battery life on that bad boy?
realme 6 have fingerprint sensor on power buton on right side and is fast
I think this is a good idea !!! Now we just have to wait for someone to really improve this concept !!!
linus on short circuit feels nostalgic for some reason
Frankly I wouldn't mind a bit more bulk to have the battery be at the very least replaceable by an end-user if not easily swappable, but that's just me wanting my electronics to be serviceable. With the removable back, Asus could include a Qi charging accessory which sits on top of the battery.  An alternative to Qi would be conductive charging via pin contacts on pads located at the device, when is that happening for modern handsets?
Vlogger phone right here.
They made this phone for people like me who absolutely refuse to accept the stupidity of a notch/bite.  I currently run the iphone SE, it may not have a giant screen but at least the screen is rectangular without distracting missing pixels.
no one- literally no one- Linus-  ...this PUPPY
Thinking about how you could use is as it's own phone stand 🧐
Could the  >hold the volume button and make the camera slowly rotate<  feature be for automatic panoramas?
No 20 on trending lolo
Why is lionel messi reviewing phones
Hi
"Who puts two cases in the box??"  Fuck giving the consumer choices, right? (Especially when its a very custom form factor you probably will have a hard time finding cases for online)
S10 e had finger print on power button
To my experience, Asus never had good speakers in their smartphones.
Petition for Linus Media Group to get microphones for their camera men/women.
ASUS PHONES HAVE TERRIBLE DURABILITY... GOOD LUCK.
Am I the only one who's a bit done with the over usage of puppy?
I'm pretty damn sure I'd brake that camera hinge even faster than it usually takes me to break the screen of my phone
never understood the complaints for phones that are bulky or heavy. Like, if the phone is thinner than the slide out keyboard phones from the past (like the galaxy T), light enough to hold, and fits into your pocket then it should be fine right?
I was interested in this phone, until Asus announced that they aren't going to be selling it in North America at all.
Brah, your mustache shouldn't go into your mouth ;)
I have the Asus zenfone 6 and won't be getting the 7, no headphone jack no buy
I have the Oneplus 7 pro, there is no going back once you have had a notch free phone. It surprised me greatly when Oneplus didn´t reintroduce this feature in their latest lineup, I was told though that it was to keep costs down. I don´t take selfies though so quality isn´t that important, I just want sharp videos for video chatting.
I rather have a hole for the selfiecamera than moving parts tbh
5:48 really creepy
Sony did the side mounted fingerprint scanner like 10yrs ago
Definitely my next favorite camera tech since 2MP camera at the back.
5000 million powers battery
Does it have something to prevent vertical video? Also, no headphone jack = no deal
The volume button movement of Camera was actually for taking panoramic picture, if I remember correctly.
Linus is Asmongold's brother confirmed
Ugly af
Moto: we got the big battery Asus: Ha, puny phones
already a member of audible. Already read 6 books and have like 40 to go.
As someone who owned the Razer Phone 2 for a bit, I can say that device also had a fingerprint sensor on the lock button on the side, and depending on the placement and hand size, it can be very comfortable. I personally loved it
No headphone jack, LOL I probably would've bought it too
little respect for what you doing
I must say, I wasn't very impressed until he mentioned the "all screen display".
pleeese #oneplus give us expandable storage
Dude y are you wearing a pink watch...
Cool mobile. Ok Linus, stop playing with it and get shipped of to me.
Watching this on my ZenFone 5z 128 GB variant. Still my daily driver running Android 10 with July security patch (official) and I am still happy with it.
I wish all Android phones had the ability to limit the charge percentage...
I thought the phone literally shocked him with static.
forgot i had subtitles on, man said Battery has "5000 million pwers" 10:54 lol
6:24 : Product Knowledge, sir. Sometimes ignorance isn't really bliss. Its designated in a such a way to take panoramic shot in a portrait and landscape mode. eg: portrait like taking skyscrapers.  A 1-3 minute google search on Zenfone 6 (previous model) would have made you give a better review without those acts. Remember your viewers are looking at this video.  Hence, a tiny research would have added more value to your video
Honestly I'd take a notch over a hole-punch or this. However, I'd take a popup camera over a notch.
Review it on LTT and use the gcam hack to take the photos, apparently it's better than base software
Not gonna lie The thing where the camera turns how ever you want with the volume button is awesome in my opinion
If it would get Support over 5 years like Apple I would definitely buy it.
Maybe my upgrade phone from the Zenfone 3 Selfie I still use.
flipable camera seems like a good solution to having an almost unusable selfiecam. i think i'd prefer a manual mechanism with a lock though.
Personally I could live without a selfie camera. Why hasn't anyone made a model without one to go along with their standard phones
"Broke the mould" - ever heard of Sony, Xiaomi... ???
I can definitely see that party trick being useful when you need to get very difficult angles or interesting angles for when you are taking a photo with straining your body.
Imagine how good the panoramas will be with an automated camera.
a smartphone  category shouldn't go over 180gram
8:18 sent goosebumps down my spine 😳☺
Are you not going to talk about the Samsung A80? It also has a flip camera.
Finally one reviewer has said it, that wireless charging is bad for your phones battery life. I have been on the side of this since I had the original Droid Turbo, it would get terrible hot the few times I used a Qi charging pad. Other reviewers will knock phones all the time that they don't have wireless charging. Sure it's a nice convenience feature, but do you really need it if the device manufacturer gives you fast charging out of the box.
1 minute complaning about if you shake it the cameras opens a bit. WHO THE FUCK SHAKES THEIR PHONES!? is not a wii mote controller. Good video anyways :)
Essential supported their phone up until they closed up shop. Still using this niche phone, and still loving it. I'm afraid though that I'll have to upgrade in a few years, simply to keep up with technology. Maybe Asus will come out with something I like then, btw do they run vanillish?
"Oh, so I just give my phone a little tickle" I laughed so hard. at 8:17/13:8
I think the party trick would make a decent "waist-level viewfinder"  I'm not sure when you'd actually want to use it, maybe to get everyone straight up-down in sport shots, but it is a thing some cameras have, mostly as a side effect of not having a pentaprism though.
i could see the slow flip would be great for panoramic shots
You really want that instead of a hole punch?? No thanks
Got to love an "idea everyday smartphone" Lol Linus how can you have 50+ employees but no one who is able to proof-read?
The moment when Apple will do the same, other manufacturers will copy it and then people would say, stop copying Apple but before that everybody is like "Who does that?"
tbh in these days the only thing killing android phone is support and cameras
700 nits is good for outside use? Note 8 I have is 1200 and its almost impossible to use in sunlight.
That camera didn't look that good...
incrimental camera angle i feel is going to be for star tracking astrophotography with 2+ minute exposure
I think they should make the cameras separate like that 😂 some people don't care for the camera
When will this phone be available?
From the hardware standpoint, I really like this device. A bit lacking in the audio department with the lack of the 3.5mm jack and weak speakers, hope Zenfone 8 would fix that. And those Tier 2 cameras really can do amazing stuff with a GCam port. The notchless screen problem is about to be solved with under display cameras but ASUS' solution still has that "rear cam for selfie overkill" advantage and under display cams will need 3-4 years to get good enough to be counted as an upgrade over the display hole and notch cams we do have today imo. So as a Samsung user, the only downside to me is the lack of One UI and its seemingly endless customization options w/ Good Lock. But I also know that "stock plus" skins that OEMs like ASUS and Nokia use has gotten better and they will always have that fluidity advantage. Sometimes I think that I can ditch the bells and whistles like floating window and UI customization and live with a "stock plus" skin. As Samsung and other OEMs raise their prices above the stratosphere I'm sure I'll have to do that. The price hike will also make manufacturers like Xiaomi and ASUS will get the spotlight more often. They dare to innovate, so they deserve that.  p.s. I know about Galaxy M51 but getting a flagship from a Tier 2 company seems like a better deal than getting the budget model user experience from the Tier 1 company
PUPPY :"
This camera is a complete weak point. I will break easily.
This is the first Short Circuit video I've seen on the trending page on YouTube.  It's nice to see how much this one has grown. I do hope that it gets bigger.
Just buy a Poco F2 Pro at 380€. SD 865 and basically similar other specs, including a headphone jack and likely a much sturdier camera system.
I've been as Asus phone fan for years but I left the brand because their cameras have this weird air brush feature that you can't turn off, even when you set it to 0. it's not subtle at all and ruins photos that are otherwise great. do their new phones still have that issue?
Aren't we are going to talk about that the epoxy table is so scratched? Poor table
Razer phone fingerprint reader is in the power button on the side and it is the best finger print reader I have used.
This camera setup just might put an end to selfies in the bathroom mirror
I think there is a magnet inside the switch with a magnetometer to sense if it is locked, and also the selfie camera adjust thing can be used for when your phone is propped up and you need a better angle, I would also assume you could also use it to take a very stable panorama. as its stitching high quality vertical photos together.
Why are reviewers always doing these weird things with their phones like flapping it around. Who would ever do that and how would that even bother you?
Tickle Turn on Technology
who's dat
I like it. But, too big! I want a phone that's smaller, has a full front screen (ie no chin or notch), all while having a good amount of ram, storage, and a top shelf cpu.
Wow, that weighs about as much as my Note 9 with the case. :O
Honestly, if this is priced reasonably, like, $700-$1000 Australian.. id honestly buy it.. like, i'm rocking the old Galaxy S8, and i've not found a phone in that price range that blows my socks right off and makes me all "oh fuck i need that phone now"  like, the Galaxy S9 is just NOW getting into that price range here and its not enough of an upgrade that i'd consider doing, and plus, its already like 2/3 generations outdated. I was thinking the Galaxy A71, but even thats more of a side-grade, like, its newer, and faster.. but not by much.  This is a legit LEAP in quality over a Galaxy S8, and if the price is right, i might just go for it. i'd have to eat shit on the 3.5mm headphone jack, but i have ways around that with Bluetooth headphones or a bluetooth adapter for existing headphones.
Me when my Dad knew I threw a party at our house 3:16
My Y9S has basically all those features... but not as powerful lol
What's the difference between this and the regular 7?
i like how linus pronounses asus he says a,zus
I think the switch is so that it doesn't accidentally flip out in your pocket if you leave the screen on
us-bae charger? 🤔 impressive.
I Prefer The QMobile Rocket Pro -Linus Tech Tips 2020
You must know the software support is horrible from asus, so anyone wanting to by this just know that the default android version is the one you'll stick for the rest of the time.
I still love fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone the most, it's the fastest way and fit the way u pick up a phone n activate it.
Who includes 2 cases? Chinese manufacturers often do... Asus is Taiwanese. Side fingerprint scanner? Samsung Galaxy S10e has it. It's a great solution for those who uses wallet style cases, by which I mean me and not many else apparently. :P Obviously, under glass also works, but I kinda like the side scanner solution. Also... YOU WA SHOCK
at 480p quality the video gets weird. All other qualities are fine except 480p. It basically becomes a hackerman/cyberpunk aesthetic
I loved my Asus Zenfone 6, the Speakers and the wide Camera were lack luster but it had everything. Only had it 6 months before the it just randomly died and failed to turn on. The phone was completely dead, no vibration, no computer acknowledging it was there. Had to do a battery hard reset over and over for 4 days straight before reading about how Asus basically bricked their phones mainboard with a firmware update. I would recommend this phone and would want to try Asus again but just like LG I dont trust their engineers to put out reliable firmware.   After a week of constantly power on and power off i did get the screen to turn on and got my data but by then i already purchased the One plus 7 Pro, which besides the screen and Speakers is a major downgrade. Now stuck with a amazing phone that may just brick it self at anytime.
You look like Eminem in the thumbnail 😂. Will the real slim shady please stand up.
That switch on the case is probably the equivalent of a privacy switch in a laptop
lmao this thing is gonna get supported for like MAYBE 2 years, there’s no way it’ll get anything past that
Almost had me, but no headphone jack... Meh.
About the brightness : it actually goes up to 1000 nits, but only in automatic mode in direct sunlight. You can only adjust it manually up to 700.
I'd absolutely go for this phone if it had higher quality zoom and ultra-wide cameras. :(
samsung A8 did this first
Is there a reason LTT is different from this chanel?
Damn, found my next phone. Currently use straight talk though, so hopefully they release an unlocked version. Else, I may need to switch to one that carries this.  When the heck is this even coming stateside?
It basically only has one camera. So real estate wasted with the other two cameras, that suck.  Shame. I would really dig that phone...
hole punch notch or sliding phone
The camera angular controls on volume looks useful for viewing in areas you can't see, i wish my S10  had that while I was doing a plumbing job, (rather than having my neck at a weird angle to see what I was doing & being able to see my screen while fishing for pipes)
"Turn on the device to turn on the device"
*realization* you can half open the camera to look under couches and stuff
@shortCircuit do you think we will ever have a flagship with no front-facing camera at all? no notch, no holde punch, no sliding/fliping cameras, just the standard rear-facing camera.
This camera direction party trick is really nice for recording video in a lab.
Oh if this had a headphone jack, I would have been sold.
6:13 for panorama
Telephoto cam looks great quality on this device. I was surprised.
imagine if you could flip the camera open only quarterway and turn it into a stand for ur phone to watch videos with
2:00
Is he wearing an apple watch?
Being able to see the pores on Linus's face really helps me feel better about mine. Don't ask me to explain it, it just does lol
Now I actually really like the inclusion of that "kill switch" on the case. I often have the problem that my OnePlus 7 pros camera extends when it's in my pocket and I'm kinda scared that it breaks of if I sit down. Oh and that slow moving camera is for panoramas, so you don't need a steady hand.
Something I've noticed for a long while. I'm not sure if it's someone from LMG that does the captions on youtube or if it's someone from the community, but there are some glaring issues with many of the videos with accuracy. This video for example I'm seeing things like "5,000 million power" (5,000 milliamp hour) several times, as well "beat here" (B-tier). There are others..and unfortunately this spans across SC, LTT, and sometimes TQ. Otherwise great captions with exception of those glaring issues!
The variable position on the camera is clearly there so you can take stealth photos of people without them noticing you taking it. It makes it totally not obvious! Makes it look like you are just looking at your phone and not taking a picture of them!
You can manually angle it for peeping...  ...under your bed when you drop something or under the fridge
That table looks like you are balancing the phone between two pieces of wood!
mi 10 ultra is better though
That adjustable camera angle would rock for using your phone as a webcam! Something I actually do with my S10+ quite often, but I have to precariously prop it up on top of my speaker, and have had my fair share of drops. Not a useless feature, though!
I would 100% take a phone with a flip up cam over hole punch on my next cycle. Currently have an OP8 Pro and I dropped the display down so i don't see a hole punch.
Whoever wrote the description needs to get fired. Barely makes sense ha
given the case has a lock switch for the camera, also I don't take selfies that often. so all screen is nice..........However it needs to be atleast betyter than my pixel 2 in video and photos for the main shooter to upgrade
Wait that thing with volume up/down is sooo good, u can take a photo of someone without them noticing it ᕙ( ͡◉ ͜ ʖ ͡◉)ᕗ
I still have my ROG 2! 👍
Not gonna lie, having the camera flip up for a selfie is pretty badass.
Don't buy anything from asud that is not mother board!!! 1.5 years down the road, they don't provide updates!!!! Be ware!!! I had a transformer pad and zenwatch, they f***ers never provide updates!!! After the first year, BE WERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My friend as zen phone 6  And the paronama shorts r so cool
I'd rather have one really good camera than one okay one & one crap one.
I actually don't give af about a notch or hole punch. I don't notice them. I don't understand the problem. Also no headphone jack = a no from me.
RTX Ampere just launched and the hype IS REAL!!
off of the screen the cameras actually look pretty good. i just dont like the skin touch ups that they do with the selfie shooting.
No headphone jack = Crap. 0 exceptions.
Shawe theee beeeeard matie
It just has too many features missing. This is like the next oneplus. 'flagship killer' maybe. No wireless charging (big problem). No IP water resistance. I have had a phone for 3 years and no water damage sure, but it's nice to know if it is water resistant.
I remember having the ZenPhone 2 and man has it come a long way. Looking like a decent contender for budget phones.
Hmm, will ASUS support future versions of Android.. Let's say well beyond 3-5 years to make this worth keeping... Personally I hate upgrading my phone every 2-3 years so if they commit to 5 I'm sold.
4 years on an asus phone aheiahehiae, good one
That weighs more than a hockey stick.
It shocked you? It’s almost like there is a short circuit here
I can see a few reasons cameras like this would be less common vs notch/hole designs:  1) It is an additional point of failure. To me it just looks like the easiest part of the phone to break.  2) It likely adds thickness to the phone when thinness is a selling point.  3) This additionally mechanism has to add to production costs. So companies have an incentive not to do it.  4) The time swapping between from and rear camera is real disadvantage in plenty of cases.   It also makes sense to include as a point of differentiation in brands that need additional recognition (like Asus) to push into the phone market.
Ngl I can see this be popular with people who create content for social media or YouTube and don't want to buy an expensive vlog camera or a DSLR with a screen that flips.
I've still got my 2018 zenfone 5
Frankly, I would buy a top trie phone that had no camera. I never understood this fetish for having cameras in the phone to the point they destroy the user experience with screen notches and dots. I cannot think of the last time I used my camera in my phone, just over priced garbage I never asked for that could make way for more computing power, memory, and storage; you know things I do use.
Well the manual cam angle adjustment could be usefull for webcam use i guess?
Please do a full review!
Cellphones aren't supposed to be used as wiimotes, Linus :/
3:18 "Anti-selfie switch"  I want the case just for that, the phone is an added bonus.
Linus: "Who includes 2 cases in a box?"  Asus: "We"
Clickbait tile #15,342
The camera could take panoramas automatically I suppose?
That's a cool ass camera 😎
I have only bought asus phones. I will only buy them as well. Especially because they do provide more than 2 os version supports for their most models. And pretty reliable as well.
You know what I would prefer?  No selfie camera.  I don't take pictures of myself.  I don't video call and when I do, I'm not the point I'm trying to make.
As someone considering switching from iPhone to Android due to gaming, I'm curious if Bluetooth audio lag (in games) is still an issue.
I still prefer my Onplus 7 pro with the pop-up camera. I just hope it will last me until there are under-screen cameras since I hate the current notch and punch-out designs.
Ummm.. Linus? That angling of the camera would actually be super helpful for stuff like recording workouts and all
I mean, I wouldn’t assume that because companies are doing it that customers want it.  It would make sense but if they think they can make more money doing something, they will do that and maybe even claim the customer wants it (example: pay-to-win mechanics in games passed off as time savers)
hum... I have the Mi 9T pro. my font facing camera slides in and out when I need it. Since I don't need it that much (only when I use facial recognition), it's perfectly adequate :>  So, no, there's something other than the notch  or the punch hole, and there has been for a while too !
The camera motors will draw a lot more current when locked, so with a current measurement at the motor the system can know if it's locked.
Dammit Linus approves.  Now i want one.
No headphone jack - I'm out
I can imagine a good use for the volume button camera angle adjusting, for example think about filming a youtube video on it, you could lay it on a book or table for example. That's useful!
why does linus look like a homeless man now lol
I have to say OnePlus 7 pro camera mechanism is just the better design, unless you need the selfie quality of a back camera. It has none of the issues and it pops out fast enough that I use it for face unlock. I will never downgrade back to a notch after using that phone and it's mind-boggling to me they didn't include it in the 8 series.
bruh. first, admires the finish on the back and then HAS NO IDEA WHAT A CLEAR CASE IS FOR!!!! come on, Linus, aren't you a smart man???
I'd rather have no selfie camera than a hole punch. But still rather a hole punch than a wierd flip up that flaps about and needs a special case to fix a design flaw
Sorry but, no Jack, no buy
What is the price of this phone?
Id be willing to buy a flagship phone if it didn't have a camera at all if the price matched that. I very rarely use the one on my s10+ and it seems like an obvious cost cutting measure.
Party truck? That shit is legit spy cam!
Long term support would be nice. I bought the LG G4 in June 2015, and the last update for the device was April 2017. (Almost 2 years after the phone's release date.) I don't even have the Taco 🌮 emoji... one of the most important emojis to ever exist.
Seeing the ad in the middle of the the video felt weird... I thought that the video was over! Don't do me like that, guys!
Dam Linus be looking cute as hell In that selfie
Dude try to respect the accesories. i really not like throwing them away , you could atleast keep them aside in a better way.
Dude Asus still supports my old Zenfone 5z. I have upgraded to a 6, but my 5z still gets regular updates.
2:03 That table gives me anxiety! 😂
Mysterious editor eh? Hmm...
Since I'm older than 16, I don't take selfies, let alone need them to be 8mp.
Ew, stock android, overpriced and cameras that make Xiaomi low-mid range phones look like flagship models LOL
7:50 Side Asus breaking the mould with power/lock button + fingerprint scanner on the side ?? Yeah Sony's had that since the Z5 from 2015. They then experimented a bit with the placement on the back with their XZ line, but on the 1 line they brought it back to the side. Then again i`m not really counting on Linus to be in-depth on the phone world :-)
Replacing your Note 9 with this?
When are you gonna review Pine or Librem phone? I didn't think I had to ask. Thought Anthony would have asked to do it by mow
the volume control for the camera flip is cool bit it also seems risky. you just know some people are gonna use that to prop up the phone to an angle, which quite likely is not good for its longevity.
I had 2 Zenfones and I know at least 4 close people who also had 1 or 2 Zenfones. All of us (I'm not exaggerating, all of us) suffer from screen breakage after minor accidental bumps. And I'm not talking about glass broken by strong blows, but dead screens without the glass being damaged. A small accidental bump was enough to stop the screen from turning on anymore. It happened to me with the 2 Zenfones that I had and the same happened to all the Zenfones of the 4 people I know also had 1 or 2. They also lost me when they stopped offering the option to use two sims + one SD card. It's a shame because I always liked them, the software has a lot of tweaks that I still miss now that I have a Samsung.
I don't know what's people's problem with punchhole cameras or even notches. I prefer them over these unfolding thingys simply because they seem to fragile.
No headphone jack. Crappy non-symmetric speakers. Toss it in the bin.
I've had the Zenfone 6 for this past year, it's been great! Excited for the new version
Is that weed bro?
what do you guys think, will one be able to replace the OS in case of EOL with a custom rom while still beeing able to use that camera as intended? not that I would mind tho, took about 10 selfies last five to ten years and half of them while beeing drunk :)
4：45   when ur eyes automatically focus on that particular white nose hair
I have a zenfone 5, and a 3 before that and there's a few things that Asus does very well, but the camera processing is never up to par. Installing Gcam really made my camera be up there with the best ones. f someone is able to get Gcam working on the 7, this will be a phone with no flaws.
Cool !
party trick or PANORAMAS?
A lil tickle turns me on too 😏😏
Meanwhile me watching on my battered Zenfone max plus  😑  Interesting
It would have great if it could incorporate water and dust protection at least IP67. It does not so its pass for me.
Samsung A80 or this - Much prefer that over the stupid hole.  The Samsung doing the exact same, flips the camera.
seens like my dream smartphone
Is that a Zenfone flip out camera in your pocket or are you just excited to see me?
Should have the hardware lock on the phone, not on the case imo
I watched this on jerryrigeverything when it came out that was some time ago 🤔
3090 hype
Is having an over engineered back camera that flaps around really worth it to not have a notch?
"Asus broke the mold", yeah, not like Sony did that years ago already
That fucking party trick could be used as an impromptu webcam
Lol, the volume I think it's for panoramic photos and some video effects
Manscaped also sells a nose hair trimmer now.......just saying......
Flippy boi
This might just be the first phone I'm interested in since picking up the 7T Pro.
Why the heck would you that violenty shake phone ??
8:33 "Got that high refresh rate display, really does make a big difference"  Me watching this video with a 60Hz monitor on linux/nvidia/chrome with screen tearing: Haha, yes, it looks reaaally smooth...
I would accidentally break off that camera within a month
I don't think that volume button thing is party trick. You can use it for taking panorama view photos.
its cool but i dont see it catching on mainstream.
**Plot twist** : It’s actually a taser
Finger print on the power button (like S10e) is a big +
If the Pixel 5 doesn't blow this away, I'll be getting one of these Pros.
Too bad the phone is not even available to all of NA :(
Is it only me that Linus doesn't look like Linus? In the thumbnail I thought it's a different youtuber lol, he has a beard now.
I am using  zenphone 6 from last  8months. No problem at all in any section specially camera mechanism . Also way better primary and wide angle camera than one plus 7 and 7T. This time they upgrad to OLED display which is LIT 🔥
What happened to appending the product name to the video title?
And absolutely ZERO product stock in North America.
The side mounted fingerprint sensor is fantastic, reliable and actually works unlike under screen ones.
i can see linus nose hairs ~downvote too much detail!
Linus my s20 selfie camera is better than my s4 main shooter
These so called gaming phones are anything but not gaming phones.  For any sort of competitive gaming in mobile there is a rule that is very strict that you cannot use anything above 6.5"  You can not use any additional hardware/software input method that is not native to the game.  So the ROG PHONE FROM ASUS, NUBIA RED MAGIC FROM ZTE, BLACK SHARK FROM XIAOMI, LEGION FROM LENOVO are for everyone but not a serious mobile gamer.
No headphone jack brakes da deal
Just a OnePlus 7 pro with a flip
If you own this, don't do this crap 3:36
Pop up selfie cameras and full screen displays have been around for a while now on cheap Chinese phones. Good to see the "big name" brands are catching up to the competition lol.
No Segway T_T
Linus: I wonder how durable the flip camera is? JerryRigEverything:
Can someone clarify for me how 230g is heavy.  I mean, yes, it's relatively heavy compared to some other phones but at half a pound it's still REALLY REALLY light.  I wonder the same thing about laptops/notebooks when someone complains about the weight.  How does anyone struggle to carry 3kg or even less?  Even for 10 hours a day? Even if you're really skinny and small?
Btw if you drop it while the camera is flipped it will close really quickly
Plot twist: Linus is going pro at that puzzle game with the locks and magma
This is the worst review of an excellent phone
Which is better   ROG phone   ZEN phone
This man just say 8k?
As someone who never plays games on their phone ever, I want this phone
What LInus said is false about this camera being better than the front facing camera of Iphone. Search for a comparison of iphone 11 pro front facing camera, it is still better than this one.
Very glad to see the option to charge the battery to 80% I hope more manufacturers will choose to include this option
Why did i have to buy a new phone this year..... S10 Plus..... Still not bad
wow, no USA version smh
Oh I'm sorry are you ok?
Gcamera on that would would be nice
What is PD 3.0 for charging? Do you mean Quick Charge 3.0 from Qualcomm?
Its a phone. Linus : PUPPPYYY!!!
Linus golden nostril hair
Who shakes his phone like that. And also the lock on the back of the case is to prevent poping the camera while shaking.
I think this is really cool for people that rarely use front camera for mirror or facetime calls.
Smart, no one can say linus drops things anymore when he intentionally yeets everything away
I had the zenfone 2...    It was great
I almost clicked away when Linus started talking about the sponsor
6:19 onlyfans
6:20 you can just lay it flat an use a timer for group photos
I used to own an Asus phone. Software support from Asus devices has been lackluster
they picked that sensor for the wide angle intentionally. Probably just for gcam. So much of a smartphone photo is software that it kinda doesn't matter as long as you have gcam
solid phone.
This phone is awful. I'm glad they made so many "ingenious" innovations in order to cater to the "selfie" crowd. Here's a brief list of features conspicuously missing: 1. NO REMOVABLE BATTERY 2. NO 3.5 MM AUDIO JACK 3. NO SD CARD SLOT  If you buy this phone, you are doing the following: 1. Loudly signalling to the market that you want to encourage more phones like this that are missing the above features 2. You don't place importance on how you spend your money 3. You couldn't care less how features on phones have drastically deteriorated and are fully ready to embrace the concept that a phone should only ever last a year or two at most.
I have a OnePlus 7T Pro with the little periscope selfie camera, so I appreciate the better screen experience to an ugly hole punch.
I never ever take selfies, so this actually seems pretty sweet.
hi
It's a shame that this phone isn't shipping to the UK, US or Canada. It's the only phone I was considering an upgrade to...
not all people agree with you hating a hole punch or notch.
As someone who owns a ZenFone 6, I love it and this excites me a lot! :D
I've been stubbornly sucking with my s9+ since it's launch, this is so close to being worthy of an upgrade. I'm almost at peace with giving up the headphone jack and love the expandable storage but this phone is still missing some features I want before I'd buy it. I want IP68 water resistance (I think it's getting unreasonable that the device you're supposed to carry everywhere can't go some places where you can), wireless charging (although I'd maybe just add that with a case), and a 1440p screen coupled with 90hz. I'd also miss Samsung's mst payment so I'd already be making compromises switching companies so I'm not willing to add to them.
The more cynical these reviews get the less interesting they are.  If ya cant fake it anymore move on!
Why is it so hard to ask for a headphone jack? Like, why can't their be a new phone that I want with an earphone jack.
6:26 because panorama
when taking a picture of your self is this important...
I will happily put up with a hole punch or notch to have a decent IP rating. I don't even mind it on the pixel 4 just for the face unlock (skin condition means my fingerprints sometimes disappear)
my only wish is that google copy this
I prop my phone to take family photos all the time. The volume button adjust feature would make proping the phone up to take a posed photo easier.
I was hoping for a literal electrical shock
Add a headphone jack.. *sigh
Adjusting the camera angle would be nice if you're trying to take a timer photo and you're just balancing your phone on a rock or desk or something.
6:24 actually useful when trying to take group photos with countdown?
Linus forgot to mention that both the Zen Phones aren't coming to Canada, the US or the UK
Give me the zenfone 7  Pubg mobile is bringing a new update and my device is shit
I miss my Asus Zenfone 6, had to switch because it wouldn't work with Verizon. Now on an oneplus 8 and the hole punch isn't bothering me too much.
the BIGGEST! freaking problem with the Asus phones is there is very little customer support, just trying to buy a ROG phone its hard to find one, and if you do own one and it breaks, the only place you can get it fixed is asus which cost almost as much as the phone
If I was the kinda guy to spend $950 on a phone I would 100% buy this solely for the lack of notch or hole punch display, that shit needs to stop.
If I'm a guy, I'm not taking many selfie pictures.
Linus: "who includes 2 cases in the box?" Apple: "lmao noob. We don't even include a charger now."
6:10 The perfect stealth picture device.
You call 1g heavy
These videos give me knowledge I need to build a computer. Neato
I am still mad that Linus did not five the Zenfone 6 which has been my favoirite phone yet and is the only phone that can last me all day.
editor: who's that?  -understandable have a great day
Does the screen have a curve? I like putting on a screen protector but curved screens are a pain for that.
The ability to control camera angle is amazing! You can put your phone down and still record video (ie. A zoom meeting), without playing that infuriating balancing act with your phone.
Camera: is experiencing difficulty opening so the phone stops trying and notifies Linus Linus: 😱How does it know?!?!
Don't you already drop enough things unintentionally to be doing the same with those accesories?
Wait I have seen this guy somewhere else... Actually many places else.
y wasn't the Panorama mode tested ? coz that should be a party piece
Give me a phone where I have the option to literally have no front facing camera at all. 4 consecutive phones, 0 uses of my front facing camera, ever.  Hell, I would even pay a few $ more to have no f-ing notch/hole(s).
*Next a 216 Megapixel selfie camera with X200 zoom and you can zoom into COVID-19 virus through your nostril.*
Looks nice, too bad it probably costs $1400 or something
Sony have been doing side lock button finger print sensors for a while now and i love it If the next xperia isnt great this seems like a good upgrade from my xz2
Hang on, was that a mid-roll ltt ad?
"ASUS breaks the mold with the finger print scanner on the lock button"  Sony has been doing this for years. Although for some reason you guys never review Sony phones.
lol looks like the Gram did not make it as a new daily driver
the mic sounds really nice
where can I buy one?
Honestly I thought asus made a taser
6:20 😳
Copycat of unbox therapy.....pathetic
There should have been some sort of water resistance. There ain't any!! That's the only concern.
Maybe the camera can move slowly to take automatic panoramic photos
idk why I watch expensive phone videos. I'm still using my nearly 5 year old galaxy s7
Who's the editor 😂
6:30 i thought the video is coming to an end lol
Take pictures without holding your phone up
2 cases in box: LG G4 did it already :P
"The phone that you're not going to have to switch out for a long time."  Until you drop it.  That would take approximately one month. A camera that flops around when you shake it can't be easy to protect from drops, and a screen that goes to the edge make it hard to design a case that grips well.
why spending a 1000 bucks on a gaming phone while you can get a good pc for less
This is actually a great phone and I love to buy it
Why is he throwing things
Me who haven’t bought a new phone since 2013: “you get a case with your phone? And that’s including a hole for you headset?”
A good video review, but had to dislike it for the clickbait title. How hard is it to just make the title "clickbait title here - product name here"
put a carpet under your table too make the scene better for top view
My Xiaomi Mi Mix 5G has a slide function, where you have an edge to edge display but you slide it down like an old slide phone to reveal the selfie camera. it too is pretty heavy like this.
why dont they make a selfie camera less phone, a lot of people dont care about selfies
Not selling in Canada :(
Honestly I'd rather have a hole punch and my phone still be mostly waterproof.  I have my doubts that could even survive getting caught in the rain.
Soooo get it for every other feature and then install the APK for GCAM got it.
my cat got a little scared when the camera approached which means my cat is scared of Linus
6:13 That is for taking panorama shots I guess.
Well, since Asus doesn't really market this properly, I'll answer the question Linus asked: the phone is targeted to content creators. It's built thinking of people in long shooting days, wanting to take pretty selfies, doing lives on instagram, recording bike/car rides without bumps in the video, high refresh rate 4k, that sort of stuff  I heard this is a live stream of a guy named Marcel Campos, which is the marketing director of Asus Mobile. The live was in portuguese and there were like 1000 people watching and it's the only place I heard the target demographics of this phone. Asus hasn't actively talked about it anywhere else, for whatever reason
Meh still prefer hole punch or notch. Moving parts in a smartphone? Nah
I'd honestly be ok with a phone with no selfie camera whatsoever. I never use it.
Linus kinda looks like Jake from vsauce3 in this thumb.
2:00 LINUS DROP TIPS BABY!!!🥳
7:40 Asus isn't the first to use this method for a fingerprint sensor, the Samsung A7 (2018) also uses this kind of unlocking with a fingerprint.
this is pretty good.
@ phone review and end up showing camera most of the time.....Good time, good time now........
12:43 all the fingerprints wow
I DIDNT KNOW ASUS HAD A ZENPHONE SERIES *AGHHHHHHH*
I love my iPhone se 1, i don’t need the newest
not having headphone jack is a dealbreaker for me :(
Surface duo is the future
It's a shame they announced they won't be releasing in North America...ever
04:45 Dam boi, them 'stache hairs are out of control! Seem to be an extension of nose hair, hehe. But srsly - if one can't be groomed because of Corona or whatever, then the previous clean shave is the best option. IMHOpinion.
Sony has been using the side fingerprint sensor for some time. This is a good phone, the only issue is the price and service support. Quality seems to have improved as compared to previous generations of ZenFone.
Probably the flapping is just part of the normal operational movement of the camera. + i don't dislike the idea of my cellphone never watching my face, unless i want to
Knowing that it's asus it's gonna be overpriced to hell...
Again the Mi Mix 3 from Xiaomi has a 12 MP "main" camera and 24 MP selfie cam. Wasted on someone that doesn't want to see my own mug, but hey, it's what the masses want I guess
I wonder how it would work if you side loaded the pixel camera app.
your beard looks like a porcupine O.o
I just think it's so stupid that selfies have become so important to apparently most people that they would rather have a stupid hole in their screen than just no camera at all. I do like the work around like mechanical hidden cameras and this one, the teardrop cameras are pretty solid given that they use the space next to it for little clock/wifi/notification ui and it basically becomes unnoticable but I would seriously take a phone with no front facing camera and a full screen display than a notch or a hole in the stupid fucking screen. Like how is that holepunch crap better than a teardrop notch? Like seriously those camera holes are disgusting especially so when you see how unnoticable the notched cameras are
If neither flip nor notch is for you, the Xiaomi Mi Mix 3 has a slide function. It works, but I miss my notch :D :D
Just love the popup camera on my OnePlus 7T Pro..I am never going back to nipples, notches, buslanes or any sort of front camearhole again.
Linus asked when anyone would want sniper mode camera shooting on your phone, I would love it for when I am using my phone as a webcam for school and being able to just place it on my computer or shelf and point the camera at me better.
4:13  dan bilzerian but legitmately have it all.
I’d prefer a notch
Odd to cover a product the vast majority of your audience can't buy and not mention it.
It is the idea everyday smartphone ;)
Having a decent ultrawide selfie camera is a godsend. You can't always bring a selfie stick not to mention they are unwelcome at many museums. Most reviewers don't get this.
So the titles? Have you just dropped doing the half clickbait half informative title format all together?
How many YouTube channels do you have🙄
1:37 I die a little inside when there's a headphone jack cutout on the case that came with it - but not on the phone itself
“we never do mid-rolls” *does mid-roll* 😂
its a P.I.'s dream phone
That camera movement is great for panorama shots
2:39 people don't normally fan themselves with their smartphone. I've been using smartphones since iphone 3 and I've never used that particular moveset.
Are they going to actually manufacture it though? or are they pulling a Zenfone 6 where 6 refer to the number of units they were going to produce?
The only features I want is built in durability without a case = plastic +bezels. And flat glass for cheap screen protectors.
seriously peopole take that much about a tiny little hole on the screen. they would rather have some huge flap at the back that takes up extra space and is obviously more prone to breaking. no thanks.
You can look up your nose
Where everybody is getting money to buy this?
I have a one plus 7 pro best phone I ever had, I'm never buying a phone with a notch or hole punch ever again. They are hideous.
i would love it for a cell company to MAKE A GOD DAM CELLPHONE not a camera phone! Its a CELL phone not a CAMERA phone
Yeah, nice and all, But Asus Smartphones division does not deserve to get my trust back, so I'm jsut not buying an Asus Phone ever again!
Linus : Apple supports an iPhone... Apple support : I'm sorry, but It's unfixable, and you have to buy our new product...
well you can reach some interesting angles with that camera. might do quite well that phone..
A "gaming" phone that has less specs than a note 20......
Shocked? Sounds painful. Boycott Asus.
If only you didn't need to buy the pro version to get OIS, I would drive to Belgium or Germany to buy one (Asus no longer sells phones in the Netherlands due to patent disputes with Philips over 3G technology😩). Now I'll probably go with the OnePlus Nord once all three cameras work with Google Camera software.
Great unboxing
Zenfone 5 have 3th year updates now
I wish you guys would comment on the radio systems in these phones, specifically what 3G, LTE and 5G bands are supported.  I was seriously lusting for the 7 Pro, until I found the info about the radio bands supported (or not, in the case of 5G for T-Mo in the US).
Shocked you did it? Maybe it had a short circuit.
i know is a niche, but i hope they could include (maybe on a ltt, more indeep, phone review) a rhythm game, to bench feels like is the only way to really take advantage of a 120hz display
he just throwing gadget accesory stuff like that. pls dont do that 😑 linus.
3am release?
The possibility that i could let phone lie down flat and be able to record a video like that could be usefull if you are on some presentation to record it. When i was at school i would actually use it. 6:10
Lemme know how long the power/volume buttons last, on my ROG II they got stuck and didn't work within a week. Fuckin terrible
Stick to Marquez for Phones. If he trats the upcoming GPU reviews with this much disdain, I don't care how many viewers he has. It's a case of the mob rules over sensibility.
Asus should copy their rog phone camera set up to this zenphone, so no notch..
I couldn't tell if this has the ridiculously stupid curved edges on the screen... I refuse to spend my money on another phone with curved screen edges and I may finally drop my note for this phone
Check my vedio
Still prefer a hole-punch than every mechanical solution for selfie cameras
Great video and all, but as someone who owned a zen6 and wanted the zen 7, I feel it's important to mention this: The Zenfone 7 will NOT be available in the US on ANY network!!
i love the flip cam . you can put down your phone  and still video chat with your friends by changing the camera  angle while it lays flat on the table
Thank you for not using a vague clickbait title 🙂👍
Linus...lol you funny...but stick to pc reviews.  You trash a lot of very solid phones trying to be funny. (Which you are). This phone is getting rave reviews. But you spend the entire video trying to break the phone🤣
The think with charging while you sleep. My sony phone have it for long time (xperia 5, xz2 and xz1). So it is not such new think.
I dunno... I would rather suffer with a hole-punch camera than that motorized flap thing.  The real question is how well that could survive a moderate drop.
wonder who's the editor....
Still content with my LG G6 but really want to get a Velvet. Shame I can't afford it yet.
That camera is kinda growing on me
I'd believe the "long term phone" if Asus committed to security updates for at least those 3 years you say
What is that desk, I want to know more about that desk
Asus: We flip camera   Samsung A80: Am Ia joke to you
Asus needs to step up to the plate and get their phones at carriers in the US as the reality is not being sold thru a carrier is an automatic no buy for most people, even for myself when I prefer unlocked phones due to the lack of carrier bloat i'll likely go with a carrier branded phone with my next phone due to AT&T not universally supporting HD calling on non-carrier phones that support that feature and it being required come Feb 2022.
Why won’t Apple allow user upgradeability for memory with SD cards... ? if ASUS and other Android phones can do it why can’t Apple...
I have the Zenfone 6 and it's pretty great. The camera flip is about a year old now and it still works. However, the camera only flips about 75% on the first attempt, but the phone senses that and the motors reactivate to flip it all the way. Not sure what caused that. Also, 5000 mAh is wonderful
give me a phone like this with a headphone jack and I'm sold
The acting is getting worse.
I have the Rog Phone 3 and 2 things kind of suck with it. No expandable storage and no optical image stabilisation.
long android support.. now huawei comes to mind.. thanks trump.
>No headphone jack "Can't find an obvious flaw"
HAHAHA no wireless charging WHAT A JOKE! What are you? SOny?
Asus hasn't updated Android in years for my zenfone 4, I think I only ever got one update and that's it. I doubt they'll do any better for newer devices. That said, I like the features of this model. Having the camera flip 90degrees from the rear position allows the camera to shoot in very tight narrow spaces, or shoot a subject at a low angle while looking at the screen from above just like a flippy screen on a mirrorless camera.
The slowly flipping camera feature is also on the 6. And although I didn't buy it for that, it turned out super useful. Dropped something under the couch? Shine the flash and turn the camera to see exactly where it fell.
It's cool, but my 7t Pro is still my preference lol
Why didn't they use an electromagnet strong enough to hold the camera to the rest of the phone that loses current when you go to open it? Battery life?
i bet the volume to open/shut camera thing was something they had for debugging and they just kept it in because it's neat
confuses me why he can't cope with a hole punch . I never notice it
i love the no-selfie-camera phones. I have the oneplus 7 pro and the unbroken screen is so nice - especially because I dont take selfies.
"Is the ASUS Zenfone 7 the idea everyday smartphone and does the flip camera a solution for the notch or hole punch?"  What does this even mean?
That phone is btr then my exynos note 20 ultra... welp
I would be absolutely fine with a phone that had no cameras at all.
I've been using Zenfone 5 (the one with SD636) for two years now. I really loved that battery optimization apps, something that I think every android manufacturers should give to their phones. I use scheduled overnight charging since day 1, and the battery is not degrading as fast as I expected. Love it. And unfortunately, I can give Asus' flaw. It's software support, the thing that Linus hope it would match Apple's practice. My Zenfone 5 only had 1 major android upgrade (Oreo to Pie) up to this day. And Asus not bothering to upgrade it to Android 10, I thought android devices should at least get 2 major android upgrades. They're also catastrophicly slow at rolling out software updates.
ok this video clearly lacks something
that selfie tho😂
Really impressed with that
How many channels does Linus participate in.
Why don’t they use magnets to hold the camera
Damn, I'm actually impressed
Not gonna lie, thought this was gonna be a taser
and they wont release it in north america :(
Seems like they've done a real good job on this phone. Still wish smaller sizes like the pixel 3 phone was more common! Why does every phone have to be what we classified as a phablet back in the day!
The only thing android phones need is longer software support. 2 years isn't enough. It should be 5 years. Don't tell me you have so many phones, apple has a lot and they still support them all
Dude, what lens you have on your Flap? That's what we are calling it right? Flap? Flappy Camera? #Flap
6:28 panorama shots anyone?
ASUS absolutely smashing in in the hardware department lately, especially with laptops and now phones
being able to choose what position the camera's in would be really good for things like taking pictures inside walls if you're looking for a cable
What's the difference between the SD 865 Plus and the SD 865??
can't afford am poor
Doesn't One Plus support its devices for a long period?
I am kinda over the aggressively curved corner displays. I think i would like this even more with the Razer front speakers and "edgy" (normal) corners.
Linus: Moves camera flip with volume rocker Me: OMG that's so nifty! I could take pictures at awkward angles without having to look at my screen from an awkward angle or standing all awkwardly! Linus: What's the use of this?! Party trick?! Me: :/
"a phone I can't find an obvious flaw in" Doesn't have a f* headphone jack ya muppet.
Case: Stops camera from flapping Linus: Takes case off Also Linus: "Yup, still flaps"
Oof the throwing away things turned me off.
A phone without a notch, finally.
To bad we can't get it in the Netherlands. You suck Phillips
he became so quiet. strange.
ive been saying this for years, "why dont they use 1 camera as front and back cam to save costs"
I was considering this phone, but now it doesn't even have a headphone jack, so it's dead to me
So it is a flagship Samsung A80.
My OnePlus 7T Pro 5G McLaren has a pop-up camera :D
I was about to close the video when the add started, but I accidentally didn't (I know how that sounds) and then noticed I'm only midway through...
6:36 hey that came out from nowhere
My stomach bursted...When he said,. Phew! Phew! Phew!...🤣😂
I've been asking for the battery feature at 10:55 for years! I hope that more phones enable this in the future for the health of battery and for e-waste purposes.
"How does it know?" magnets. It's always magnets.
Too bad it's not coming to North America. Very promising device
1:20 "Honestly feels awful". Doesn't understand the point of a TPU case is to provide amazing shock absorption, not "feel good". TPU cases have saved my phone sooooo many times. That "much better" feeling case that he put on after will provide almost no protection for the glass, it will only prevent dents/cracks to the phone body.
Id be curious to see if locking the camera would have to potential to hurt it worse than it being flappy. Ya know there's a reasons its got some give in it
I really wish Android phone makers would be required to remove the root protection on a phone once they stop supporting it so at least third party android versions could be used to keep up to date.
You are not supposed to zoom-in so much in a person's face.... xD
People in the selfie song: NOOOOO DONT DO IT ASUS
The Zenfone 5 commercial was so cool
I've always preferred the fingerprint sensor on the back as supposed to the side.
Full face display*
hell yes can run subway surfers at 600 fps
When you press the volume buttons with the camera up is to make panorama pictures
"Is the ASUS Zenfone 7 the idea everyday smartphone and does the flip camera a solution for the notch or hole punch?" -description
i prefer the front cam then add antother point of failure on my expensive product this is a terrible idea
the flip camera is really cool i kinda Samsung or another big company make their own
Stop throwing those things on the floor you ungrateful bastard 😡
Anyone else completely willing to just forgo the selfie camera to get rid of notch/hole punch displays?   I haven’t even used the selfie cam on this phone since I bought it, and the last time I did use a selfie cam it was as a quick substitute for a mirror on a stick like well over a year ago, probably more like 2-2.5
I'd almost say; the perfect vlog phone.
Will it get monthly updates though? Probably not.
It is probably  anti-"spycam" mechanism.
ASUS is good at learning from others, while taking chances. I love it.
This phone is interesting. Really like the  battery tuning. Take note Samsung, been waiting for this for years
6:21 I REALLY WANT TO DO THAT IF I HAD A ZENFONE IN MY POSSESSION xD
Linus has learned that when your hair gets longer, you're supposed to start combing it...
Lock button fingerprint sensor used to be a thing on the Sony Xperia line.
Put a headphone jack in it and we've got a deal
@2:05 "What do you call that?"  Full Frontal Screen?  :-)
This is perfect because I never take a selfie. Distraction free front. Honestly I would take a cheaper model without the flip around. Just nuke the selfie camera altogether.
Why I am getting unbox therapy vibe 🤔
The best phone of 2020 is the LG V60
This would be definitely my go to device if I would want to upgrade from my Note 9. It could've been perfect if it had a headphone jack  tho.
that camera angle adjustment could come in handy taking pictures of things you cant get a good angle on like a picture in your engine chassis or looking at your plumbing/wiring through a small hole in the wall.
Tickling a phone o((⊙﹏⊙))o.
They finally got OLED. But they removed the jack. C'mon asus
I was going to have a flip camera on my new phone
The camera looks great, but will it even matter in apps like Snapchat and Tiktok that only use the camera preview in android?
Yo love the pro studio you got but for the love of god clean those black curtains hahaha can see dust or whatever it is all over them and my eyes are constantly drawn to it!!
"The phone that you're not gonna have to switch out for a long time"  Unless ASUS breaks it with an update. As they did with the Zenfone Max Pro M2, with their FOTA Update 073.
Thank goodness its without wireless charging. Quick charge is the name of the game, and the pro version is already at 900 USD here in TW
that camera!! imagine the posibilitits
I was sold. Up til no wireless charging.
For some reason you failed to mention that they are not releasing the Zenfone 7 in North America because we don't have the 5G infrastructure that this phone supports. So this phone and video is basically not useful for anyone in the US and Canada unless you're willing to pay the big money to import it.
That slow lever mode of adjusting the camera is surprisingly a very useful feature. I can think of many situations where that would've made looking at things in hard to reach spaces far easier, such as a narrow gap by the wall or floor.
even i can see your nose hair eww...
"Gaming phone" without a headphone jack
Geez Linus u complain about the most dumbest things!! Do you go around shaking your phones like that?!?! Same crap with the flex of keyboards on laptops. Sooooo stupid!!
thought asus choked you
Hmm 12:50 editor Who's Dat?! Is new guy or is this Pelle Gustavs trolling again
... Why does it close itself if you flap it around instead of just having a mechanism that holds it in place when it's not moving?
asus almost had me locked down to buy that phone when I heard no 3.5mm jack 🥺, now I have to decide if I really want no head phone jacks.
You can buy Asus pc but not the phone
2:40 The sound is due to OIS. It happens in every device with OIS.
How many channels does Linus have?
My God Linus had a perfect look for the next Shining Movie@5:45! That telephoto shot was so  "I've got an ax with your name on it!" LOL.
awesome
"I can't find an obvious flaw" Headphone jack.
I'll take the hole punch on my note 20 ultra
Asus still updates my 3 years old zenfone, so I think they definitely do the same as Apple with at least 3 os update.
the adjustable angle would be great for not having to spend minutes trying to prop it on something
Damn, I really like this phone.
i think that camera is useful for taking candid street photography
Pew pew pew I'm taking pictures!
I'm waiting for a phone that simply deosn't have a selfie Camera. I don't need it and probably a lot of other people too (well maybe not that many), but ir would spare them all this trouble they went trough the last idk 3-5 years. Please someone make it happen xD
I might have to consider this if the Pixel 5 ends up being small and disappointing
Laboratory durability tests mean nothing to me. Just like IP rating. This has a moving and protruding part that other phones don't have, this cannot be as resistant, period. It's common sense.
I enjoyed actally the ZF 6 by the flipcam alone and its 500$ price but then the ZF7 twins just evolved the flipcam sensors even its specs makes me a flipcam User than punch holes and Even notches It's a Rog phone 3 sleeper edition Just heavy but no bulk
Ah yes now I can take pictures without making it super obvious
I've had an Asus zenfone 3 and was amazed back when it was new. Unfortunately was disappointed from Asus because the software updates were so slow that bugs couldn't get fixed. Often had draining and heating problems right after a software update. I moved to LineageOS and most of my problems were gone anyway. I hope Asus does better now, great phones but not so good software support.
The way they might know that the cases switch is fliped is probably trying to open it and seeing if the current goes up.
11:30 I've been talking about that feature for years with my friends and I think I've even commented it on YouTube long time ago. How is this only now something we can choose to do with our batteries?  And yes, I do use my phone for years. I still use a Galaxy S8 and there's nothing I would change , except for the shitty, shitty battery life.
@2:09 I call that full frontal phone nudity
Give me that phone!!! GIVE ME!!!!!!
i also hv an all-screen-display but also hv bezels😢
The price didn't get revealed yet. I think if they revealed it, the review would've been really negative.
Please review the new HP Omen 15!
at first, i though that asus sponsors this videos. danggggg. that fone must be real good
I want Asus charge manager on every device! I would actually pay a premium to have that on my Xiaomi... Currently using a timer to charge it properly at night
Is it water/dust resistant?
wtf, that internal mic is sick.
Please read my name
still using zenfone 5z and love it till now
That movable camera actually makes sense to me. I work in industrial manufacturing and sometimes I have to take a picture of a part numbers on motors and sensors that are hard to get to with a normal phone. This I could pivot into position and get a better shot.
LINUS DROP TIPS at its best! 😂😂😂
The Sony phones have had the side unlock for a long time and the battery care too
Why don't they make the flip mechanism manual? Put a spring activated latch in there and that's it.
Me when i saw the thumbnail: AGAIN?!
Tbh if it had a headphone jack I'd probably daily drive it. I'm still rocking the Note 9 because I ain't about that bluetooth-only, notched phone life
I actually want this.
I have a side unlock fingerprint sensor on my Honor 9x Pro just like this one and on day to day use it really is way better than a below screen or rear sensor
The Zenfone is a really underrated phone
R&D : "We need to invest another million into making the outside the most beautiful phone ever. We can charge more!"  User : "Why? Its just going in a case"
I buy mi 209 gm... Feals like hell...Don't  buy phone up 170-180 gm
dude, it's the same fcking thing.
i cant remember which year was my last selfie taken, so please, i need a phone without any camera. and make it cheaper all i need.
Hey Linus can you gift me a gaming pc
this would be a nice option for vloggers/video content creators!
Linus has full on just accepted the drop memes now 😂
1:27 pretty soon Apple won't even include a phone in the box, brave.
I have an Asus Zenfone 6 for about an year and I really love it!  I'm definitely getting another Asus phone when this one dies.
How much is the phone?
so similar finish to the oppo reno 5g/10x zoom
I don't think the phone and the team behind development of the phone deserved your lack of respect when you threw the box and accessories on the floor, even if it was just a joke.
"I didn't cover the zen phone 6 cause i would be bashing the people paying me"
The other day I played with an iPhone 11 Pro and I was surprised by how different the three cameras looked also.
why asus is following the footsteps of apple, samsung and oneplus, Asus don't have their own branded TWS or wireless earphones to sell separately, so why to remove the headphone jack. Come On ASUS you're better then this
Wait how did you calculate that it was 8MP by its resolution?
Still don't get hole punches when the tiny notch in the oneplus 7T and similar is so neat. Yeah, it's not ideal, but I think it's the best solution for most people until cameras can be behind the display.
i love asus's battery options
Put a strap on the back of the phone and suddenly its a Go Pro!!!!!!
The title is pretty gay
I want it. I am still running a pixel 3a XL because I refuse to go to a notch
LoL!!!   Asus sucks at software support..it didn't even roll out Android 10 for a couple of its mobiles like it promised to do
I couldn't care less about cameras but nowadays videos lengths are half about cameras... Guess it is not just the phone makers who are running out of ideas....
I just might have to swap from iPhone to the zenfone 7. It’s looks like a fantastic device.
That phone has a higher refresh rate than my monitor
Are these cap-wearing thumbnails some kind of parody of unboxtherapy? 🤔
The fact you can put the camera where you want means you can set it down and record without need a tripod maybe
Stop dissing the free case you get. Before you get that all so special case you would have scratched up that phone body then start another round of "the material they used for the body was not blah blah"
Wow thats a flop
what if you drop the phone... will the inertial sensor sense the fall and tuck the camera in??
Did Linus just criticize a free case?
Creepshots cam
no obvious flaw???? It doesnt have a headphone jack ffs
I think the anti-selfy thing is to stop it doing it in your pocket when you've switched your screen on without knowing and causing it to possibly be damaged... or flipping it when dropping it because you accidentally pressed it in the event of fumbling the phone as you drop it
Linus has succumb to the fate that he has to attend facials with his wife because of this Asus fon.
I've seen this in my imagination, this world is so weird...
maybe installing gcam will make the camera superb?
I never noticed that Linus got one of those tables from facebook.
Apple:Let's remove the charger in the box  Far Far Away Asus:Hey let's add two cases in our box.
You missed a very cool point: the flip camera can be used to automatically take panoramic pictures (the camera will automatically pan to create the image). I actually use this very much (on the zenfone 6) and it's so much better than manually taking them.
Waiting for ZenFone max pro m3
So it's actually the best selfie phone?? No front-facing camera can beat back cameras...
Informed Conspiracy theory: This video was filmed about 5 days ago.
Now compare this 7pro to the exynos note 20 ultra. It's not so ultra anymore. Well, the price is ultra tho..
This party trick? I'd love to have that if i'm taking group selfie with timer. You can just lay your phone on the edge of the table or sth and voila! With normal phones it's awful - half of the time you need to have some kind of engineering background to create a whole construction with bottle, backpack or something else just to properly hold a phone and be able to preview your shot on its screen.  Great!
This phone is tempting but no face/iris recognition really is a deal breaker to me NGL.
tbh i like flipping cameras more, than folding phones. Maybe that is going to change sometime but atm i would take the Zenfone over any foldable.
What the heck Ive been watching a lot of linus videos and I've just realised this was a completely different channel.
I think asus should put a magnet which can disable its magnetic effect when the selfie mod is on
I still think the best camera setup is the pop up selfie cam on the Xiaomi phones.  No notch, no hole punch, but also not as cumbersome as this looks.   Also I hate selfies so I don't give a shit and keep it hidden away 99.87% of the time.
Mr. Bean invented rear camera selfie. Kudos to him
finally i can stalk my crush at school
Ok... i have a question... HOW MANY YOUTUBE CHANNEL DOES THIS GUY HAVE
for the love of god just make the damn phones with bezels
It's nice that all the hardware is designed for longevity... But this is absolutely worthless if the manufacturer hardly delivers or promises any security and system updates! Asus does not promise anything and only delivers updates irregularly.
Throw gcam on this and boom you got a awesome device with no real faults imo
Kind of sold on that phone tbh
I would imagine Vloggers would love this. The selfie cam being the main camera makes the selfie's better but also you keep the same quality when conventionally shooting. No jarring change in video output.
6:24 The 90 degree camera is for using it as a periscope at a concert. Short people rejoice!
If a Android device receive 5 years of support you can sign me in. Currently the snapdragon 845 (s9) still beats the crap out of the exynos 990 (s20). Guess what modell will receive updates....
"30 watt charger" toss charger over shoulder...
do video on oneplus nord
That's why I love my OnePlus 7 Pro with no hole in the front, after 1 and 1/2 Year of using it, the front camera works super fine. Pops out and in like a charm. But this Asus phone i also something I would buy. I don't care if it has the best camera, if it takes good and sharp photos I am good with it.
I'd take no selfie camera at all personally.
punchhole in the corner > everything else
Unpacks a phone from an already opened wrap, acts surprised that it's heavy...
Zenfone 6 owner here. I absolutely love it. Yeah, the camera is a little flappy when you shake the phone a bit hard, but other than that it's basically the perfect phone for me. No ugly hole punch or notch, decent camera, excellent price (~500€), double sim, micro-sd ... And I can literally go 4 days without charging my phone.  Looks like most of these great things also apply to the 7, but there are two that Asus decided to change it seems : the 6 still has a good-ol' headphone jack, and I love the rear fingerprint sensor. I really don't understand why brands keep wanting to change it.
So I have a Zenfone 6. At 6:25 , that exact mode (like 90 degrees) I used quite often, mainly to record myself with my kids at the playground. Because I can leave it in any sort of surface without having the risk of falling. I also use it on my e-scooter, I can attach the phone there, and rotate the camera to record where I'm going while is visible on the phone. So there are some practical usages.
That table looks midly uncomfortable.
I love how linus just casually _yeets_ everything aside like it's totally normal
That's not the first time
The 1,000th comment
It's not only a notch and holepunch, you can also have a retractable camera like in mi9t, honor 9x and others
Why did everyone start using these new cardboard packages with tabs on the wrong side? Every time I see it, the tab gets torn off 🤣🤣
"who includes two cases in the box"..... Who tf bitches about a free case 🙄
apple watch? That's disappointing...  Sooo Asus joind to the $1200 retards team following apple and Samsung.
no headphone jack = not a phone
It asus "6Z"
The reasons photographers like flippy screens on their high-end cameras is so they can get pictures from wierd angles without needing to contort. A phone doesn't have a flippy screen. Therefore, flippy camera. Clever, in my opinion.
Especially for the short-circuit channel, can you add the product  of review next time just like it used to be
I really dislike the notch/holepunch so id take this phone with a flipcamera over any phone with a noth/holepunch. Im still doing zell with my Galaxy S9+ tho, so no need for a new phone yet.  Thanks for the video.
Looks very practical to me love to hv one!
I prefer a hole punch to a motorised moving camera. Mostly because I worry about the durability and also because I use full leather cases and it will look cleaner without a big gap for this ones party trick.
Can someone tell me the pros of wireless charging ? This is a serious question btw
A notch less display linus. Come on now lol
"Can you do it Asus?"  Well our track record is bad, why not just go with that
Fingerprint reader on the lock button instead of in screen. The way it should be.
Why oh why would anyone every buy a gaming phone? Mobile games not only tend to suck, but they have no competitive scene where a technological edge is really necessary and they signal to everyone that you’re a knob-jockey as soon as they see it.
And the era of ShortCircuit putting the names of the tech in question in there video title ends. Shame I really liked knowing what the video was about, along with the ability to look up the reviews later for reference.
Linus the type to do a whole durability test before even testing the flip system normally
Try to cancel audible free sub and get an extra free book.
Volume button flip up half way can turn into a spy camera or motion detect spy camera. Just set on a shelf and "WAHBAAAM" caught stealing the Ice cream!
Putting the camera half up could be rly nice if you wanted to take a group picture without having a tripod or someone holding the phone. Could be nice if you are filming something or if you are using the phone as a webcam as well.
1k
can you use the camera as a kick stand to hold it up to watch content or does it tip over??
ASUS phone? NEVER again: First the display stopped working after a month, then they REFUSED SUPPORT because - I bought the phone on amazon marketplace - it "was not meant to be used outside of China", so I was left with the choice to get the phone back unrepaired and be charged 50 bucks for nothing or get it repaired for 150 bucks. We are talking a 1 month old phone! Then got it back, worked fine for another 5 months, then the battery EXPLODED. I didnt even bother to talk to their "customer support".  ASUS? NEVER AGAIN.
you were shocked
Imagine thinking 230g is heavy lol most phones are too light!
Someone had a stroke typing out the description
Remember when the fire phone had cameras on all the corners just to do a parallax effect.
I can think of a lot of times at work where I would use the partial flip on the camera with the flash on in video mode. Kinda as a mirror.
If they're going to test the camera they should get someone at least moderately attractive to take selfies of.
Im sorry but how many people are watching at 4am?
if you forget to bring a tripod or anything that would stabilize your phone that volume control to adjust the angle of the camera would really come in handy.
Prefer bezel than either hole punch or popout
I'm buying this thing if Asus supports it, because this phone looks AMAZING and has all the features i'd want, and if they included great support then i'd 100% buy it.
Imx 363 is a bigger sensor and will get a better dynamic  range and better night photo
Throwing things around in your video doesn't make you look cool, ungrateful as#%@ole.
* my uncle who works at ASUS watching in pure disgust as Seb tears the box and tosses the charger, faps the camera after his team spends all year designing it *
Sony has a side mounted fingerprint sensor in the lock button and they have had it for 10 years!! Asus has copied it because it is the better design.  Sony also has a lot of those features in the Sony xperia 1 ii check out unbox therapy's video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEbdX5otUUw&t=971s
2TB expandable storage? Phones are getting crazy.
ASUS nailed it
that's spy camera xd
That mid ad confused me, I thought the video's ended and turns out there's still half a runtime.
say what you will, but the camera does indeed blow all selfie camera away - not even close.
That thing is THICK.  add a case and its even thicker...  Since i had my redmi note 5 i need thin. I bought a redmi note 8 which on paper is thin but comes with a thick ass case unlike the note 5 pro and i HATE it. It just feels awefull in the hand. i still dont get the high refresh rate hype.  i just dont see any benefit.  i swipe its instant and i rad on. what more do you need on a phone. i dont need smooth scrolling as wel i dont scroll. you move the page and read on in a tenth of a second. And a device being on the charger is not bad at all. i have a asus tablet that i use for tv watching in bed since 2014 that has bin on the charger ever since and i took it off last month for a test and it still has the same 8 hours screen time it had when new. the tickle charge seems to have no effect.  as for camera the world would be better off without selfies anyway. just remove them all.
i thought they made a taser phone
ASUS reign !!!
Can we not just have a phone WITHOUT a selfie camera?!
Literally the 1% people who’s reading... May your parents Live More Than 100 years with good health 🙏
With project treble, I believe most android phones manufacturers have the ability to support software update for more than 3 years. Ju$t why not?
Why was this recorded in 15fps?
Nice! I want to blog with this phone.
that hinge and motor dead after 6 weeks
I have a hard time understanding why ASUS didn't implement a "physical latch/pin" that gives the camera an absolute positive LOCK when it's in the "closed" and "fully open position". That would, in my opinion, have made this (and their previous "flip cameras" feel much less "gadgety" ...
Asus, please provide updates for 5 years, I would buy your phones in a heartbeat then
These dont have an ip rating right? Also jerry rig everything snaps those cameras off like theyre nothing
spy cam
When I compare Linus to Arun and Lew, I say to myself: "damn, Linus isn't the man for unboxing, he only wants the phone with no charger and cable"
Too big, too heavy. There's literally NOTHING that attracts me on the Smartphone that would make up for that weight that would make me upgrade from my Motorola One Zoom. Even my One Zoom has a measly 8mpx telephoto camera. The sacrifice in weight of a 5000mah is not worthy the extra longevity. 4000 is fine. They should at least went with a high end 1/3 12mpx sensor for the OIS.
When he did audible I thought video ended so I clicked off
I like the phone, but it's still too big for me. Why are they ignoring the people with smaller hands, I don't want to HAVE to operate my phone with two hands all the time.
7:50 My 3 years old Sony Xperia has a fingerprint sensor integrated into the side lock button... It's awesome!
I love how this was scheduled for 2am my time
I recently got Zenfone 6 and I love it. There are a few things I miss (wireless charging, water resistance) but other than that the phone is AMAZING! Battery life is great, flip camera is awesome and all the other small things that are just really cool.
After reading the title, i was expecting some type of battery problem.
Bruh I swear his beard add so much sex-appeal
I wud prob get is fit the camera didn't flap whan you move it fas sinds ther might be can chase that ist gets stuck on your pants pocket
Does it run raid shadow legends tho?
The fingerprint sensor on side mounted lock button was done on the Sony Xperia XZ1. And i like it. It doesn't wake without a definite button press, and it then immediately detects my finger. Single press and secure.
holy shit
Sony has been integrating the FPS into the power button for years. It's a really good placement imo. Rears aren't ideal, and the new under screen ones just aren't good enough yet, so adding it to a button that's already got to be there, and we're sort of conditioned to use to wake up our device makes so much sense. If it works well. Looking at you, first gen Xperia 1.
headphone jack! argh
Just a warning, i got my wife the zenfone 5z, and this year the update made the photos blurry from the rear camera, so that's something that i cannot garantee sont happen at some point with the 6 and 7...
Come on linus. What did think while saying your last words? Pew Pew Laser? I mean I dont care about asus or this phone, but its obviously a stand mode to watch videos?
12:43 while it's not as impressive as Apple's update lifecycle, still a major credits to ASUS. I've been having monthly security patches since I purchased the phone. They *did* promise at the event of the Zenfone 6 that they'd offer 2 years of major updates and a third year of security patches. I imagine this will be the same for the Zenfone 7
the only motorized-kind phone that i want is, when the phone is automatically rotate to record from vertical to horizontal and vice versa, without rotating the phones. means the built in motor rotate the lens when i want to change to rotation of video.  as the risk of the phone slipped when rotating the phone while want to record the video.
its cool but i think that the design could be way better
the quality of LTT content is really going down..    :(
Got my Asus Zen 5, still supported to a tee. Pity there's no jack though, hate wireless as they are a literal pain to keep track off, charge up and the like...
With a case that holds it firmly in place I would rather this flip up because you won't get the flappy reaction with the tab out and then you just push the tab in when you want to take a selfie
the volume button control on the camera can be used to take 180 pictures by holding it sideways and only touching the volume rather than moving the camera around physically
still using zen 3
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was Alex.
I guess this is the phone if you are a selfie guy.
F .. i think it finish around 6 min, but i'm wrong
a-soos
Throwing the box off the table AFTER taking out the phone. I see Linus learned from his last ASUS unboxing
No notch on my pixel 4 hehehe
Who includes 2 cases in the box ?  Asian phone company : wait, you guys don’t get cases in the box in America !!!
Pls no mid video ads put them at the end
Asus does that battrey management in it's laptops too and it's good
I do miss my old zenfone. So like this I kinda want in my life.
ASUS ask people to use their phone for 3 years? That's strange, Samsung ask us to swap phones every 6 months.
My 170€ galaxy a20 has delta-e 0,35 xd
if i was looking for a phone this would definitely be up there as long as its stock android and no stupid notification breaking battery optimization like oneplus has
According with Asus this phone is for content creators, and the pro video option is really good, you can use an external mic and even monitoring the input level, I have a Zenfone 6 and I will get the 7, is definitely a very good phone, so far is probably the best phone I had for the price I paid 👌🏼
It's heavy because of the battery 🙄
check out the mi 10 ultra
I always feel like with every linus review, you will find every negativity that will otherwise just be okay. Find a video of him where he doesn’t nit pick every single details. Like who shakes their phone like that? Why be negative with 2 cases provided when a lot more phones do not come with one. Come on dud, can we get any positive review from you? Something affirming.
Wife still has the trimmer eh?
I really don’t get how positive y’all are on the camera setup. Like it’s a bit more versatile but.... unless you fucking DESPISE notches etc, I don’t think the development and manufacturing and QC costs of that hinge and motor are worth it. My wife’s iPhone 11’s selfie cam is freakin’ awesome, and especially viewed on a mobile device it looks cleaner and has better colors and processing. Resolution isn’t everything. Sure, you might get a touch more detail, but I don’t think you need much more than what the good selfie cams we have today already give. Unless you’re trying to put your selfies up in your 4K 65” TV all the time. And in that case, just flip the damn phone or get a friend to take the picture lol. Much rather have a notch and not deal with the issues of a hinge and motor being prone to failure. It’s definitely a no go for me but I would be concerned for anyone who doesn’t upgrade yearly/isn’t fairly careful either their phone. The adjustable angle thing is a neat feature and it seems like the execution on the flip mechanism is great, but the cameras are not justifying the hit to durability and longevity IMO. But maybe I’m just a little blinded by how important durability is for me in my day to day life. I jump out of aircraft, walk through marshes, and yog around desert nations with my phone. I’ve been through two screen protectors in the last 3 months, one from my rifle’s rail smacking the screen and once from breaking my fall with my phone in my hand screen down. Not to mention clearing out the dust and grit from my case regularly, draining swamp ass from the speakers, etc ain’t no way I’d trust extra moving parts. One wrong move and you snap that off, one dirty day and you get grit in the hinge that slowly compromises the action, yadda yadda.
Linus shaking that phone vigorously was scary.   Also, 7:49 "Asus broke the mold... side mounted fingerpint sensor... " Samsung, Xiaomi, Huawei, and other mid-range phones say hi!
Asus is Taiwanese Taiwan is not China #CKMKB
Side mounted fingerprint sensor is the best of all the options we have right now!
Honestly I love that companies like LG and Asus are around to try the wacky stuff. They are the true innovators and I wish they got more love for it.
Linus start doing some work out in the nice garden of yours 😜
https://youtu.be/3BUlvLa-jl4?t=249 if you just wanna see the flip. (which is what I wanted)
just give me a phone that does NOT have a selfie camera, does not need to flip or no hole punch if i want to put my face on a picture i'll have someone else take it or use a mirror...
Damn man that's A review a real one keep it up
why should they support 5 years of old junkie tech??? this mind-blowing/controlling of apple that because of a software update,its ok to use old products when the technology is moving fast and really performance-per-price ratio has gotten much better by each year,is really nothing short of bullshit let's say iphone 6-7 now, can it be beaten by midrange chinese phones,even samsung phones of 2019-2020 for that matter,and they all shipped with latest android per year release;so basically you are getting new phone+new software update that apple is boasting about+new features+better overall features except flagships specs(like IP/wireless charging/OIS), but then again in android side,the flagship phones get high price cuts,so you can basically what's the rival to iphone of that year by nearly half of that apple phone.and not to mention ass apple blocks changes and has closed system,of course you have no way of updating unlike in android space,which you may/will find newest android release on old devices,let alone these flagships of yesteryears with mostly/completely stable status. the coming of gcam app which is as easy of installation of any app has also helped devices to boast photography on a higher level than it was originally released by manufacturers...unfortunately,apple is dominating how users/reviewers should see/view things and neglecting why android is great & has been the one-to-go-to for many users/manufacturers. the capability of custom roms+gcam+custom recovery,etc are mostly ignored by even tech-savvy reviewers when so many devs are working  months after months to bring android devices to next level,unlike apple that only knows how to do his own things.
The 90 degree angle flip out could be for sniping pics while looking like you are looking at your phone. Not really sure how many people would do that, but . . . eh.
Lol
Why you throw away things
Is it just me or Linus posts his videos at midnight.
Linus: ..... Wow im became old 😱😱
When does he get electrocuted by the phone?  Don't have enough time to watch the whole video.
Why are you dropping videos in the middle of the night?
Shame it's not getting a UK release :( looks like my perfect phone.
Why don't you review Thinkpad T14/s with 4750U?
I mean I use a One Plus 8 Pro for WhatsApp, so why not
Xiaomi does include to cases in the same way. one transparent, one opaque.
ASUS Zenfone 7 & ROG Zephyrus G14. Oh yeah!
I didn't even notice a quality difference in any of the different cameras
The manual camera positioning feature is not a gimmick. There are a lot of use case scenario for this. Top down video shooting. you can even use the phone as a tripod on a desk.
that was the cringiest unboxing ever
This phone is better than my desktop
Linus I got this video by chance. I didn't receive the notification.
Look how covid 19 changed your face.
Your becoming as lazy as Luke ....
Takes the coolest auto Pano photos
What did you not like about the cases?
I wonder why 200,000? Even the galaxy fold was 200,000. Is that the average amount that people would use it within a 2 year span so then they'd upgrade to a new phone?
How many channels he has? 🙄
Anybody knows how to buy this thing ?
6:19 What they had in mind was you can now take pics of the Sistine Chapel ceiling mural without alerting security.
What if,     *It has a headphone jack?*
That pink apple watch strap reminds of linus pink civic 😅
I will buy this phone if it include wireless charging
Pls dont change the title
Stop talking shit Linus I have one of the zenphone6 and the flip is very sturdy and works great ....go watch the jerryrig channel
that sound when saking phone was imasge stabilazer in camera it happen in same sung s20 ulta also
camera is always an issue with these phones
6:16 you can mount it on a tripod to take pictures of the night sky and watch the preview in a comfortable position
im sorry but no headphone jack means im out no longer buying it
Linus: look at that color! Me: quietly watching  Linus: RIGHT? Me: still watching Linus: I KNOW
No linus, you're not supposed to SHAKE IT LIKE THAT YOU SICK FREAK
The Instagram phone.
Wow, that flipping mechanism is still terrible, and I haven't even seen an in-depth video on the Asus Zenfone 6 Series of devices.  It's way to fragile, I don't care about the claims they make, when I see the entire assembly flopping around like that I know that even very careful users will eventually have it get damaged due to it's lack of rigidity.  The only two solutions to the "All Screen" problem are either;  The Xiaomi Mi Mix 3 style of sliding screen with hidden front cameras at the top. Or, The ZTE/Nubia approach of having no moving parts other than Power/Volume buttons, and simply placing a second display of a 1080p resolution on the back of the phone, so if you want to take a selfie you rotate the phone so you're looking at the back of it, line up your subject with the back screen and take your photo using either one of the side mounted buttons which have fingerprint sensors built into them
Am i just slow in noticing the third hole in his left ear or is it actually new ? Anyway, though i like the beard, he should get it cleaned up a bit again. And that camera really is something to break.
Oh finally you talk about the good way to charge a phone (not more than 80 % and not less than 20 %). You forgot to say that 30w charging is bad for batteries.
1:52 Pluck it, file it to the side....
They created an samsung note 9 or 10
Everyone would prefer the rear camera as a selfie camera as they are a lot better in quality
If I recall correctly Sony had that kind of a fingerprint sensor way back on the Xperia Z5 Compact, had one and it was pretty cool
Rocking my Zenfone 6
they said it won't be available in US :'(
Proudly watching this on a ZenFone 6... Btw... The camera might not be flagship level, but even on my ZenFone 6 it really often positively surprises me... While it might get the colors wrong some times, it generally takes really nice looking pictures. And where it really shines is taking pictures of the night sky, where it (imo) even blows the Pixel 4 out of the water. I had a Pixel 4 in comparison with me, but it performed worse. It is not good at taking dark pictures of rooms or anything, but taking pictures of the stars, really surprising, This is shot on the last-gen ZenFone 6 in a rather rural area: https://ibb.co/JsDLBtJ
Will wait for ZTE Axon 20 5G
That's a nice phone, if I was looking to upgrade it would likely be on my short list. The specs are good enough, the camera set up is probably the best design you could get for a pop up, the battery is a decent size. Linus is right though, we need an Android phone maker to commit to support for at least five years. The other thing I'd like to see is a phone that didn't require a case. Such a shame to hide that gorgeous looking back.
Yeet
Asus is the most fun company ever
I am watching this on a zenfone 6. I own the phone since day one and was very exited about it, the camera flip is very neat and works perfectly and the screen without bezels is great. However since the resolution is 19.5:9 you get black bars on the sides when you watch videos. On youtube and Netflix you can stretch the video to fit the screen, but not on other apps. The 5000mA battery is heavy and after a year it already starts to last not so long anymore. Also the camera does come out of position some times and it's a bit annoying. Since it also moves a bit it always clicks a bit when you place it on hard ground. Over all it's a neat phone, but I would not recommend buying the zenfone 6, but maybe the new one fixed these issues.:)
6:13 lmao linus found out about the secret peeping german amateur porno mode
Linus zooms in to his face, now i can't unsee the hair coming out of his nose...
The colour looks really nice Linus
1:51 the boy yeeet
I dig this phone! :)
i want shaved linus back
Nah i'll just take the iphone 12
It's the amature "bedroom" phone...
I would love the camera to be a mainstream feature. Your phone is literally able to watch you whenever you use it.
the flip camera is a really nice idea tbh
Why you start growing old linus.
It would be my perfect phone if it still had the 3.5mm jack.   I'd still buy it though.
I hate how phones becoming  so big and heavy
Short circuit is basically the new old unbox therapy
Now: Asus Zenfone 6 and Zenfone 7 with *auto rotate camera* Soon: Asus Laptop PC with *auto open close lid*
Too bad they went from RGB to PenTile without upping the resolution, compared to the ZenFone 6. And reviewers just don't seem to care, parroting "you can't see the difference beyond FHD". Does no one else see checkerboard artifacts on FHD PenTile displays?!
Pew pew pew. Picture boom... in the room...
I mean it's the perfect phone for me because I rarely take selfies, so not gonna flip the camera much. Also the all-screen front is pretty neat.
100% love it. I always love phone have fingerprint sensor on the side. Much more utility than the ones on the back of the phone.
Lmao the volume button party trick is definitely the creeper mode
LINUS: Asus shocked me! ME: What a shocker!
I dont understand phone gamers, a laptop does everythign a phone does, just better and you can even use it for office application AND its usually cheaper.. right?
Linus Chungus moment 😋😍👌
How is the asus android fork though? bloatware? aesthetic customizations?
Bro this man has more channels than hair on my head.... Lol
Why design of these brands feels outdated.
3:35 Who the hell shakes their phone like that?  What a dumb thing to make a fuss about
On a usability note, the usage of the volume button to adjust the angle of the camera, you could probably use it as a means to use the camera + screen for looking at unconventional angles.
5:59 I have a phone with a pop-up camera, and I really like the notchless experience =D
my friend: look at that guy behind you but don't make it obvious me: 4:08
Yep, another western market trash, see you soon in Shenzhen refurbished markets for cheap
At least the weight is shown on metric unit not just retard unit.
Let's count how many times Linus looks at teleprompter!
As a Zenphone 6 owner, many of the software features outlined in this video are available to me as well, and the 5,000 mAh battery in that allows me to comfortably get away with only charging my phone every other day. The 7 seems to be an iterative improvement on the design of the 6, with a slightly better display and a better camera array and mechanism. The floppiness of the 7 is significantly less than on my 6, and the phone seems to do a better job of detecting it being out of position, as well as detecting obstructions. I would be interested to see if they've done a better job with getting the panels to meet tightly, I have a problem where pocket lint collects in the gaps between the body and the area where the camera assembly rests. I've been happy with my Zenphone 6 so far, it's a great all-arounder, and I can confirm that the camera is a fantastic party trick. For the longer term, I've heard rumours that ASUS has been helping the community develop custom images for their phones, so when software support direct from ASUS inevitably stops the community should have a decent amount of knowledge built up to fill in the gaps. For their part, updates on the 6 (and I would expect on the 7 as well) are regular, seamless, and unobtrusive, with a decent number not even requiring a restart. Major updates (I got my Zenphone 6 with Android 9, and was able to upgrade to 10) seem to happen relatively quickly, though I'll have to wait for 11 to drop to be able to speak more knowledgeably on this.
Am i the only one that hates motorized camera trends ?
Linus
You can't say they broke the mold with that finger print sensor when sony has done that since their Z-series
I think they could prob fix sum of the colour accuracy problems with the camera with some software updates but I’m not very experienced in phone (sorry, Fone) cameras
This is for users who never take selfies?
2:31 " ... and the reason for it" was that you guys never reviewed back in the days, but now you realise you need the bigger slice of the cake
3:17 I think I'll stop eating for a few weeks
Nothing like a company making a big deal about keeping the headphone jack and promptly dropping it for the next phone...
Who needs slip up camera when you have a flip camera
I would love to see something like this from samsung and apple. Much better photos and no notch, sign me up
am amazed n shit
stop tryna break it linus
Headphone jack and wireless charging and this would be my perfect phone
Looking good linus
For a moment it thought he was gonna throw the phone as well !
If Asus promised more updates than Google I would buy this thing in a heartbeat
My samsung a7 has a fingerprint sensor on the side power button as well
sad, no headphone jack....
Yup very sharp. Someone needs to trim his nose hairs XD
I actually prefer the traditional fingerprint sensor. Faster, reliable and no holes on it if u use a glass screen protector.
non-sponsored reviews are so much more nuanced and better.
I left when the ad came on cos i thought the video was over then  i saw later on this video on my continue watching thing on homepage...
I own a Zenfone 6. The loose Flip Camera just randomly starts wobbling, specially when u are running or climbing stairs,  rocking and flopping in your pockets, making that annoying _tak tak tak_ sound.. I really hate the engineering behind it. Tech reviewers never talked about that design fail, and i bought the phone. Glad Linus pointed it out, and i am sure many people will save their money by avoiding this. From now on i will ONLY trust Linus.
Why not add some sort of lock to prevent flippy cam?
WHAT IF...... The camera module was swap able and u could swap out a different config of cameras ?
Why anyone else didn't think of this
I mean I refused to upgrade from a galaxy S9 to S10 because I disliked the new format with the hole punch. To me the S9 had a perfect screen size, and it might not be as "amazing" as having a whatever percent screen to body ratio this kind of thing has. But it was more comfortable to use than any alternative I tried. I feel like companies doing this are more about pushing what can be done than what is actually useful
3:15 "how does it know" -Linus
Unboxing experience is not that good
If only android phone manufacturer's supported their devices for longer. This is the major downside to buying an android device
Soon to be released in zero countries (except for five different versions in India) with no android updates after 6 months.
I just want a good phone with no freaking selfie camera, no flipup/popup/notch/pinhole whatever.
6:20 : webcam alternative
linus is teaching about how to throw away new  cable charger
If you're gonna make a flip up camera at least make it double as a kickstand
LINUS: Asus is headed in the right direction. What's next? Zenfone 8 with world's first gimbal camera phone? Actually that's not a bad idea 💡 🤔
It shoots up to 8k.....Whhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttttttt  :                O
can you put product name after the title
No headphone jack, no sale.  I'll avoid the flag ship phones until they put it back.  In the mean time, I'll be saving money by buying the cheaper phones that do have it, like the pixel 3a.
If the camera on this is on par with pixel/samsung/apple then this would be the perfect phone.
That designt dont go well for normal people using snapchat
Forget about gaming, ASUS can advertise this phone as the best TikTok phone on the market, and it will sell like hot cakes. As far as I know this phone has the best selfie camera on the market, doesn't it?
How _does_ it know?!   The people must find out!!
Now give me a OnePlus style mute slider and I'm sold.
Full review on LTT
I prefer this tbh, I would want them to add an internal lock to stop it flapping around like cmon how much harder would it be to have a little piece of plastic/metal go into the camera unit to stop it flapping around that retracts when you press the flip button.  I wish there was an option on all phones to just not have a selfie cam, if for some reason I want to take a selfie I can just turn my phone around. I get there is a huge market and a lot of people want selfie cams and that’s great but I much prefer full screen.
*How ugly are Linus' watch belts?*
Soooooo If you have nothing to do in life you can shake your smartphone to dead. Thanks Linus.  2:43
Shame it doesn't have wireless charging, it ticks all the boxes I'm waiting for to replace my Essential Phone except for that one. Guess I'll have to wait another year or two.
Linus i think that volume button party trick is for smooth pan and tilt shots an also can be used to make some really good timelapse shots.. what do you guyz think .. itz not just a party trick
At first I was like "oh cool a type c to type c cable" but now I'm like "wait no type a to type c cable?!?"
the angled camera could be used to look around a corner, or creep on people unnoticed
I would love to see Android manufacturers support their phones for 4-6 years, like Apple does. That being said, many have a fundamentally different business to that of Apple. Apple relies on the ecosystem and services to keep income flowing in after the initial purchase. You are likely to by AirPods or the Apple Watch to go with that iPhone at some point. Perhaps you will subscribe to Apple Music, Apple Arcade and buy a lot of apps and in app purchases of which Apple gets its 30%. Apple does not mind if you only buy a new iPhone every 3-4 years and then pass the old one to a family member, they have other revenue streams. Asus or Oneplus on the other hand make money from hardware sales. They would rather sell a powerful phone, at a more affordable price and hope that you buy a new phone every year or two, than have to charge more and invest in the longevity of the device. They do not have a successful app store or highly lucrative ecosystem to extract money from.
8:15 - 8:21 NSFW viewer discretion advised
That weird camera moving thing they got going on could possibly be useful for some amateur long exposure astrophotography, if someone can figure out a good software to utilize it.
The Telephoto actually looked much better to me than the main sensor.
I think a notch is still the best way to go for now
I just don’t trust those moving parts for the camera my OCD would just explode with knowing it will break one day ha
Glad you talked about the issues with the 6. Had so many customers calling in, because the camera wasn't retained at all.
Are you gonna do the Xperia 5 II Linus? I think you'd really like it. Join the eight of us who use Sony.
Love everything about this phone, but the size i hate how big phones have gotten
I like the fact that there is no front facing camera unless you want it. I 100% know my phone is listening to me all the time, I’d like to KNOW it wasn’t watching me as well.
8:22 how to turn on a phone i both senses
Android phones always feel like they meant for 9 yo
A shame that Asus has the worst costumer support I've ever seen, at least here in Spain. Will never buy something from them ever again.
it's simple: no headphone jack = no buy
inscreen fingerprint sensors suck wtf
To be fair I've used cellphone for years now and I don't remember a single time where I needed to shake my phone like this 🤔😆
really don't get why notches and holepunches are such a big issue for some people
I honestly don't know why more manufacturers don't do punch/notchless phones. I'm using an Oppo Reno 10X, and having used a full screen display for nearly a year, every other screen just seems substandard and behind the times with their interruptions.
Throwing the accessories like that was kinda disrespectful..
Who will pick up the stuff thrown on the floor?
This is quite a decent phone. I also like that ZenUI has become very stock Android looking.
It was posted while my school is going on
letting it flap around a bit when you shake it is probably better for protecting the mechanism than forcing it to stay in place
How much is it though
I've got the Oneplus 7 pro with its motorised camera, and while it's a cool party trick, it's not very practical. On my previous phone (Oneplus 5, RIP in pepperonis) I always used face unlock (even though it's not very secure). I'm not a fan of fingerprint sensors, because in real life they don't work well when wet. With these pop-up types of gimmicks, face unlock takes way more time, plus you have to be careful not to overuse it so you don't break it. No, I really prefer a small hole punch or notch.
Have some respect you  Idiots
Doing selfies with the main camera? Instagrammers will buy this phone in droves.
jesus just shocked me
Just use gcam mod for camera 😃
I have the Mi Mix 3 5G, I would rather have the screen held by magnets and slide down to take a selfie then have anything that uses servos.
Sony did side sensors ages ago and everyone piked them for it.
That camera latch seems pretty nice for when you use garbage apps like Facebook which default to the selfie camera.  But 30W charging... ugh.
I would definitely take a flip camera over a notch or punch out. Of course I would be completely fine without a selfie camera as well, honestly. I really just hate the notch/hole I would prefer just a bezel.
just kill already notch, hole, or whatever they call it..
So we weighing phones in pounds now?
I want a phone with no front camera. Only rear with a mirror on the back like it's 2002 again. Selfies are for dumb teens
Is the ASUS Zenfone 7 the [ ideal ] everyday smartphone and [ is ] the flip camera a solution for the notch or hole punch?
I'm a hard-core mobile gamer but play on a 150$ phone
For all the people who is considering this phone now because of Linus praise and the specs and the flipy camera:  I recommend you to not. I'm the owner of Asus Zenfone 6. Asus doesn't give a fuck about it's customers. Even tho the phone was officially selling in the US the phone doesn't support VoLTE and VoWiFi on any of the US carriers network whereas in many other countries it does and it's the same model for all the countries with the hardware. T-Mobile recently announced that they will only allow devices which support VoLTE and that move will force owners of Z6 like myself to look for another phone. Asus couldn't care less and are not planning to turn VoLTE on for US customers. And phone also has software problems here and there. My phone has problems with switching back to 4g or LTE after it went to 3g due to lack of signal. The modem Itself is weak and my Note8 had a much better signal everywhere. Bluetooth transmitter signal is also weak. The gyroscope is always fucked up no matter how much you try to calibrate it. The phone doesn't want to charge when not am OEM adapter is used. The phone doesn't have USB OTG which is super dumb for a flagship phone of a company.  None of the issues were addressed with any of the updates.
That's the same glass back from the HTC U 11. Also please phone makers, just give us bezels, they are not a compromise.  Notches, pinholes, pop-ups, and flip outs are compromises.
It doesn’t detect the case sliding thingy, it’s just programmed so that any time the cam meets an obstacle, it stops the flipping process. That means it’s not the case, not a specific sensor that link up with the case.
Man, seems like with a head phonejack it would literally be the perfect phone for me.
No android manufacturer can support phones more than ~3 years until someone forces Qualcomm to support their chipset for that long
Bro software
HDR has made your videos capped at 1080p on my Note 8, don't even think I'm getting HDR support :(
May I ask, who takes mobile gaming seriously?
Imagine if laptop webcams had that
I like to keep a phone in use for many years, so I'm really excited about those battery management features. This would actually be a really interesting phone if Asus would make some hard promises about support.
"little bit of a cooler temp" *slides the bar all the way*
Honestly complaining about the weight is pretty dumb when you realize that just about every other phone it's competing with are only around 20g lighter, something pretty much no one would notice in every day use.
I don't understand why companies doesn't include a secondary sub par quality display at the back of phone?
The post processing is only let down. GCAM  and it beats most of competition. Asus pricing will be key can they beat oneplus
Wireless does not have to generate alot of heat... I use slow 5w wireless if I charge at night rather than cable. And faster wireless or kable if I charge at day.
I never understood people's obsession with extremely thin phones. Like this phone is barely bulkier than other phones on the market. How much of a deal is that?
Try the Xiaomi MI 10 Ultra
jeeze linnus. wash your hands before the fone fondle starts. I can see the ASUS designers krinjing when the pizzafingering starts.
Wow. He threw the charger and the cable as if it were trash.
such a better solution than front facing cameras of any kind. im not a selfie person, but if i were to take one, why settle for a shitty front facing camera, i just use the back camera anyway.
13:32 "As long as Asus supports it." Unless ASUS changes something up in the near future, their present policy has been to drop support of a flagship phone after 2 years on the dot. The 2018 ASUS Zenfone 5Z flagship received Android 10 followed by a statement it will receive no further major updates. Only Google and OnePlus regularly offer 3 years of updates, and no one comes close to Apple's 5 years of support.
they really are supporting their devices..my zenfone max pro m1 has the latest security patch and an android 10 beta(its an 2 year old phone)
That's what you call a real review folks
The time I trade to watch YouTube at 1 in the morning
Man respect your work. You are lucky to get this stuff for free to review, respect it don't throw it like you did with the charger. There are alot of people out there who can't afford even a 100 doller phone. Respect you get that.
Speaking of that maingear pc.... you should another "Gaming PC Secret Shopper" video, but, with other brands like xoticpc, digitalstorm, cyberpower, ibuypower, etc...
That 90 degree camera party trick sounds useful for tricky shots, think flip out screen
Tbh I use a rog phone to scroll through reddit. Cuz 90+hz on anything makes my eyes feel gud
I want it! Would the camera start flippig while moving, and recording video. Would it work on a gimbal?
internal mic sounds good imo...?
Open the camera halfway and you becomes a spy?
Instally throws the box away 😂
8:36 come on Linus, everybody knows humans cannot hear more than 30fps.
the one thing i hate about my oneplus7 is the fact it doesnt do sdcards. so annyoing
The case probably has NFC to say if the camera lock is slid over or not
Why doesn't it simply has a locking mechanism so it doesn't flap(not the one on the case)?
If at least the pro had wireless charging I would probably buy it . I Don't care at all about selfie so I would have no distractions from the both or holl punch .Now I just thinking about it as and option
Noone ever shakes their phone like that....-,-
Jerry gonna destroy this phone
Flip camera to Linus: why you bully me
Nokia has been doing well when it comes to update cadence and support of devices under Android One; Had a SIGNIFICANTLY LARGE amount of their devices have support for Android 10
6:16 can you use the camera as an inbuild kickstand?
aah the typical run-off-the-mill high headed tech reviewer throwing away accessories like garbage...care to create a piece of shit of your own and review it?
I don't like the notification bar of that phone. It looks very cramped being right against the rounded corner there.  I personally would not mind having no forward facing camera at all and would prefer that over a notch or hole-punch. But there is just no smartphone without a forward facing cam. But using the Motorola One Action I have almost no problems with the hole-punch camera since it is not obstructing anything on normal use. The only time I am really aware of it is when I watch some cinematic content in 21:9 aspect ratio. However this is really rare since most content is 16:9 anyway.
Any info on update cadence/support years? is it going to be 3 years like Samsung just promised?
8K@30fps sounds pretty sweet if the quality is better than the S20 series
Reliability is the problem for Asus
maybe you can record video while the phone is facedown
Why so early who gets to the office at 4 am lol
Definitely better to have this camera configuration. It's annoying to pay for a back camera and a selfie camera and having to choose between expensive as fuck or low quality on one/both sides. It's easier this way. Pay for one set of good cameras that go both sides.
If it was waterproof I would actually consider it.
This honestly the 1st phone that has me thinking of upgrading from my Galaxy S9. Not for what it has, but for what it *DOESN'T HAVE.* No hole-punch/notch camera. No in-screen fingerprint sensor. No camera hump. It doesn't have the stereo front-facing speakers I want, but is not a downgrade from my S9. What *IS* a downgrade is the lack of iris scanner, headphone jack, and waterproofing. Samsung Pay is also a great feature I would lose. No doubt people will hack Gcam to improve it's photo-taking capability.
They could easy fix the flap with a pin.
From the title, I couldn't tell if he meant literally or figuratively "shocked" him.  You never know
6:16 That feature could be used for taking auto-pano shoot, timelapse without tripod, or use it for stalking people just like a normal person would do.
I just prefer a traditional bezel over hole-punch which is distracting or mechanics which I’m never gonna trust to not break
Yo i just skip to the middle and i see the sponsoring part, linus got 200iq plays.
you know, the reason i have oneplus 7 pro is the popup selfie camera, just because i dont like hole punch cameras, so for my next phone, i would take ja flip/popup/ or some sort of slide camera any time of the week.
The  volume camera thing may be used by an electrician when they can't find a cable within a drywall :D
Seems Linus has some problems like asus boxes... Seeing him throw the Rog phone 3 amd ripping the packaging of this phones box..
@LinusTechTips Fairphone support thier products for 5 years and also announced modular upgrades last week.
Throws the charger... Me - What!
5:5 I'd take an under the screen camera.. when they finally start making phones with those.
So linus is a tickle person huh
Waiting for note 20 ultra review 😩🥀😑
There is a good reason for the part way up camera.  You can put it down on a flat surface and not need to worry about getting a grip or having someone else hold the phone to take a picture.
Long exposures
Assigned FBI agent for this phone owner is in depression 😛😭
Blatantly clickbait titles SHOCKED ME, JUST LIKE #4 ON THIS LIST WILL
Is... there a _reason_ you kept showing us your nose hairs?
So sad that this phone isn't coming to NA due to not having it be NA 5G compatible
been using Z6 for a year, cameraflip/battery still works fine!
No headphone jack. Booo.  I do want that battery management though.
I genuinely wish that more big name companies released versions of their flagship phones without a front camera.
turn it inot REMOTE IP CAMERA WOO (sorry, kinda hyped for the servo in the camera setup...)
See that s the thing. Asus phones of the present are really competent with amazing hardware and surprisingly good software considering how bad it used to be like 5 years ago. However, one the only shortcomings is the software support. Asus supports it for one to two years, with a max of three years of security updates. That is it.
The side finger print sensor is a deal breaker for me as someone who uses their phone in their left hand
Half lb phone doesn't bother me
There may not be a notch but there's still those stupid f&*king rounded off screen corners. GAHHHHHH! I understand why they're used on smaller phones, but something wit ha chassis this size just doesn't need them. Herd mentality.
I just wish it had a much larger screen. I still use the Zenfone 3 Ultra and nothing short of the new folding phones from Samsung and Huawei can approach the screen size of that thing.
I'd get this but Im still happy with my phone. By the time my phone is garbo I feel like all the manufacturers are gonna have to make themselves seem special again to differentiate and compete since we are all at no notch, big battery, fastest cpu, and hundreds of gb. This is why I like the note series cause theu have the pen but I dont know about this year.
Sweet free kick stand!
It's too early
From the title I thought it would come with a built in taser.
You can say "5 Amp Hour" instead of "5 THOUSAND MILLI Amp Hour".
What do guys have against  Sony Xperia 1ii
last christmas I bought a xiaomi mi 9t pro, wich has a pop-up camera, best wide screen method
you use the 90 degrees camera angle to shoot downwards angle with the monitor facing you, please use more of your imagination before commenting who wound use this...
NO IP rating on this phone. PASS. (check GSMARENA dot com).
Editor: WHO’S DAT!?!? I guess its a new guy who’s still under probation
They Can Switch a 50w charger for a 4000mha  Or would you rather stat with 30 and 5000
Linus you did use the Sony Xperia Z5 (saw in the alarm prank in channel super fun) before so side mounted fingerprint sensor is not a new thing for you
I have an Asus phone it was released more than 3 years ago and I still get regular updates...so l think they can provide long support..
I wouldn't hold my breath on this being a good long term phone. I can't imagine this phone will get many updates.
12 am?
God it looks INCREDIBLE. I mean, rectangular, dark, with a screen and some cameras. Fucking amazing. Subtle but aggressive. Elegant yet purposeful. And could it be made of.....METAL??? AND GLASS??? UNBELIEVABLE. Just take all my money, I don't care. What design. I'm floating in my own semen here.
This guy looks just like the guy from Linus Tech teps.
Every category that Asus enters, be it Desktops, Laptops, Phones, they always deliver and never flop.
I wouldn't need a front camera anyway, I never use it. If it didn't flip, I wouldn't care because I never need one anyway.
I really like those battery settings, would like to see that on other phones
Zenfone 7/Pro: NOT available in Canada, even the 6 was barely available if at all
Damn I kinda love this, the camera sensors look good enough for me, I hate notches/pinholes in the screen, SD card expansion is always a plus,  I have no use for wireless charging and instead prefer a larger battery. You didn't even mention the auto-panorama and motion tracking functions made possible by the flip camera. Would be perfect if it was waterproof and had a headphone jack.
I know he had cats,but why he is  saying puppy
I almost want to buy this just to spite hole punch phones
When the other person's phone is more faster and expensive than your current COMPUTER........;(
6:15 Perfect for upskirt shots!
4:35 is that a weed plant?
Linus it's midnight get a life
That is a lot of tech for WhatsApp and Tetris.
I'm thinking of upgrading to this phone from an one plus 6T. The most important thing in a phone for me is the operating system. Will I be disappointed if I switch from an one plus to an Asus phone?
The flapping might annoy me but than again how often do you just violently shake your phone. Other than that yes I would totally take a flipping camera for the two selfies I take every year instead of starring on a screen with a hole in it.
I love what they did around the battery management I want that in all phones
"the bulk, the weight" I came from a 10,800mAh modded V20 and got a 5,000mAh battery case for my recently bought Note9. Thicc phones aren't a problem to me.
Man, puppies have really gotten expensive lately. What do I feed this? How often does it poop?
Linus: *vigorously flaps camera*  WHO DOES THAT!!?
Side mounted fingerprint sensors on the lock button aren't a new thing, it's just rare 🙃 (outside of Sony at least, I think)
**Sees title**  ASUS: Let's control Linus with a controlled shock!
Linus switch to that phone for a week
Awwwwww man, expandable storage. Damn this thing looks pretty sweet, though guarantee I can't afford it and it won't be available with carriers here. I was lucky enough that I could get a P20 pro on contract but man not having expandable storage really friggin sucks as someone who uses their phone for making (massively unpopular) youtube videos.  Honestly the camera on the p20 is probably better I'm guessing, megapixels aren't everything after all. Just annoying that the p20 lite gets an sd card expansion but the pro only gets dual sim. super lame.
WOW there was no segway to the ad
Do sony ...
Zenfone 6 had a decent 3.5mm jack so it's a real shame it's gone here, otherwise it's pretty close to a perfect phone for me
another 10 years from now Linus will have moved on from casually chucking boxes and accessories off the table, to nonchalantly bashing them to smithereens with an anvil
Why spending so much time and money developing whole punch in screen and the new cameras under the display, when it always will be a worse screen experience (or at best only the same) and the front camera always will be bad compared to the cameras on the back which they improve every year. Asus have found a much better solution! This solves the problem for manufacturers that they can improve both the front and back cameras without the dual cost.
Camera test? Video, night...
6:16 Honestly, if you have your phone in a stand and still want to record, it would work. Also niche but important case: on a bicycle using phone for GPS and camera as a dash cam.
Asus Zenfone 7 Pro : exists FBI agents :   ._.
I don't think I'll ever get over Linus saying 'puppy' in unbox videos.
Yeah baby let me just turn my phone volume off on this night stand here, before we do the nasty...
he was too critical of it but ok
Need a phone with  -Stock android -Dolby Atmos(Stereo Speakers) -Dedicated SD card slot (Can be compromised) -Smaller in size(Less than 6 inch is priority)   Any suggestions?
Expandable storage?...... it can’t be
I really hope you guys check out the Sony Xperia 1 II but sadly Sony's marketing team is stupid and not doing anything.
3:35 Bob Ross is happy now
It really bothers me when reviewers just throw the box and the accessories...not just Linus, even unbox therapy does the same and it really bothers me! I get it! You are famous! But be a bit nicer...
Why was this uploaded so late?
I have a zenphone 6 since last september and after a year of casual use I can't have the pivot wiggle like that brand new zenphone 7...it looks really floppy...
Linus: Sets gama to cold. Also Linus: "Blues are boosted, reds are muted".
Cool trick until it cant open  or open in ur pocket and breaks
Did Alex just do a quick review with that Maingear PC or I just stripped myself to oblivion
Sexy pinus back at it again
I come by just to downvote everyone one of these cuck filled thumbnail clickbait title LTT videos. :)
You need to rethink your titles..
I would definitely go with punch hole than adding up 50 grams of weight. It makes a huge difference in prolonged usage on hand in terms of strain. Good innovation by Asus though 👍
Since OnePlus has been putting root level Facebook stuff I've been considering changing to possibly ASUS. I've still got a year or so before I'll probably feel like upgrading but ASUS put on a good show with this phone. (if the price is right.) Linus mentions the weight a few times but I really don't care about the weight of a phone.
Being able to set the camera at any angle makes the entire phone like a tripod that you can place on any raised flat surface and point in any direction. It might not be easy to set up but its better than nothing.
I’ve been keeping up with the zenfones for years. I owned a used Zenfone 2 super deluxe limited edition, and I’ve used a Zenfone  zoom for a while. I really wanted to upgrade to the Zenfone 6 but i couldn’t justify the upgrade for myself, but the Zenfone 7 seems like something I really want to get my hands on. Awesome video and amazing phone!
The channel is called "ShortCircuit" for a reason
Please stop calling the phone “puppy” every two seconds 😂
I appreciate y'all uploading videos for when I cant sleep
This doesn't seem purchasable from anywhere yet?
I like face unlock way to much for this being interesting. Looking forward to Huaweis under screen camera tho!
best phone camera solution PERIOD +1000000 for flippy
The back of this phone is nearly identical to a Mate 20 Pro green (I have one)
01:09 i saw at least two more reviewers do this exact thing with asus' phones. This is not a mistake, but a poor design choice
this is the kind of phone I wish was around when I needed a new phone. it'll probably be outdated when I do though
2:40 Lolz.
Linus as a zenfone 6 user I must say even the older design of the camera is really good. no long term issues with the mechanism whatsoever. Also, that controlled movement is amazing. you can walk around with the camera halfway up recording videos without straining your arms or get stabilization by placing it on a surface. Really amazing feature tbh. Also asus has been good with constant security updates for the zenfone 6 until now. the stock android like zen ui feels amazing too. 2 day battery phone. asus killed it. sad to see they also killed the headphone jack tho.
I like how Linus acts like a caveman when he’s talking about phones
I'm not going to lie the camera really impresses me its almost as good as the LTT cameras
Headphone jack and ir blaster would have sealed the deal for me.
Great. Now we just need some actual half decent smartphone games to play on it.
My next phone after my note 8, like 100% I'm getting this phone
Videos been up 40 minutes and no 4k yet? :(
Pee🖕🖕
i used to work in the german asus customer support when the zenfone 6 came out. now guess why people called in the most for that thing.. the trashy mechanical camera, which would have tons of different issues and theyre implementing the same BS again.
I have the zenfone 6, the ability to freely angle the camera has helped a bunch of times when taking pictures of my cat.
I like it, best camera mobile.
Thats a really neat idea, esp shooting forward you can angle the lens so you dont have to lift the phone up to eye level.
at 6:29. I'd use that orientation to look over tall things and it could be placed on a  rc car or drone maybe? Okay I am overthinking.
If they can figure out how to make it water proof with this mechanism, it'll be perfect
Linus: asus shocked me! Also Linus: I dropped my fork in this Asus wall socket and it shocked me!
I haven't used an Asus device since the Zenfone 2. I think I might consider another Zenfone
Linus over here uploading videos at 3 am. (OK maybe more like midnight there)
the volume camera option would be nice for someone recording themselves able to adjust the angle and have a stable shooting platform
Can you guys review the mi 10 ultra . I'm very skeptical about the battery lifespan because of it's 120 watts fast charge
I feel like linus just hate all phones
I have been using my asus max pro M1 for almost 3 years now and it works nicely not the best phone I have but definitely a nice device which lasted long.
I really just... i can't go back to baby faced Linus - honestly if he shaves it'd feel soooooooooooooooooo wrong
"And Asus Claims thaty they achievened Delta less than one"  You do know the screen is from Samsung, right?
Linus is confused. ROG stands for Republic of gamblers. Not gaming.
Linus is so dumb about some things.
Not sure if it would be possible with this style design but it would of been cool to have the camera angle in a way you could plop the phone on a table and have a video chat while freeing up your hands to take notes. but I guess there’s a ton of case options that would solve this. Just a thought.
so like the samsung  a80
H  O  W  D  O  E  S   I  T   K  N  O  W
Out of touch Linus can't fathom why it'd be handy af to lay your phone down & shoot video. Bro we all don't have Reds...Tricastors...or a dude we pay to film us. Idk when we lost you exactly but all your channels are the equivalent to The Shopping Network now.
It‘s not deltaE<1 anymore when you mess around with the color temperature...
Yeah and asus won't provide any tech support for me on their mobo.
No, I wouldn't take this over a hole-punch. This makes the phone much heavier and bulkier.  I mean, I suppose people don't care about the weight and size of their phones anymore
Can we get a mic on the camera person so when the host asks for their opinion it can be audibly heard along with the subtitles?
ASUS isn't the first to have a fingerprint reader in the lock button on android devices
Wait. Zen phone still a thing?
I'm a fan of the ability to fine adjust the camera position. Imagine it hanging off a high table or a set of books. You could set it up like a tripod with very little engineering.
Hardware accelerated Flappy Bird
Both the Zenfone 6 and now this 7 Pro are almost my perfect phones. Except for the headphone jack thing in the 7. So the 6 was almost perfect.
This phone would be something id love if it had a headphone jack that's honestly the inly thing stopping me from even considering it
Fun fact: you are not watching this video in full screen🧐
7:47 "ASUS broke the mold" Did they really? My Xperia phone from 2017 had the fingerprint sensor in the lock button.
969k subscribers.... Nice
Better wear your pants with a belt when you rock this phone lol
I kinda want this phone, but without the flip up camera. It's got a great screen, great battery, some other cool features, but I'd rather have no selfie camera than one that will probably be the first thing to break.
I have not been happy enough with a phone since getting my note 7 to switch. I would like a spen and headphone jack, but the rest of the phone seems to make up for those missing features by plenty. I might be leaving samsung and upgrading finally.
Given the the vast amount of clickbait videos launched this year alone, it's safe to say you went back to the "cash grab tactics". I'm referring to your live broadcast were you addressed this issue (clickbait videos) and even modified several videos to at least add some information regarding the video. When it comes down to money, a "man's word" is the same as every CEO.
Hope it comes to Canada soon
Just got my OnePlus 7T Pro, and from my experienve- there is literally 0 difference between 60 and 90 Hz.. ._____. 90 just kinda feels a bit better, but that's it, can't find a difference if I really look for it, only the feel of being a tad smoother... If nothing else it's a good placebo effect, but I was kinda disappointed with all the hyped up high refresh rate train :/
Still running my ROG phone 1.  Great investment
I'd muuuch rather have a heavier phone if it meant having a bigger battery. I HATE not getting through a day of using my phone.
Why does Apple has the multiple-camera image processing right?  Asus (and other Android manufacturers), Stop making excuses to name your devices "pro" or make them expensive for no solid reason...
It doesn't have a headphone jack... Deal breaker, specially for a gaming phone.  How didn't you mention it, Linus?!😂
11:54 Your obvious flaw is at 7:40.
pew pew pew linus. pew pew pew.
Shouldn't you say Asus just paid me to say good things about their product. My morals and ethics don't exist anymore.
please stop with the mobil gaming tag 4 phone lol
8:18 a tickle turns it on
Can it take 360° video or what
6:10 You can take secret (creepy) photos/videos of things while appearing to just be looking at your phone - instead of holding it up and pointing it at someone/something.
At what point does the camera flip the image? We saw that you could move the camera manually with the volume buttons but somewhere between selfie and normal it would have to flip the photo around or else it would be upside down, right?
I really want this phone, honestly. Since Zenfone 6 is a great value. But since there's no 3.5mm headphone jack, it's a big NO for me who use an IEM earphones occasionally.  Why ASUS? This phone is big and bulky enough to have a 3.5mm jack on it, but you decided to remove it and follow the other phone's trend.
Wait that is not a party trick =), I just realized what they might be trying to do. To take Long Exposure photos you need a very stable surface and what better to use the flat part of the phone. Maybe wrong but I find that pretty cool.
Been waiting for this for a year, after not being able to upgrade after years due to ZF6 selling out. And then they announce its not for NA right after I move back from the UK.....
Opens the case box wrong- Continues to tear slowly
Why are they uploading at 2 AM
About the last point Linus made in this video, that where Asus usually disappoints me.
i almost quit the video when the audible spot popped up, it felt like it was one of those at the end of the video.
This is an impressive phone!
Is the slow raise/lower with the volume buttons so you can lay it down while taking video maybe? No stand required
Don't get why Linus is 'frustrated' with the camera flapping out when he shakes it like mad. No one is going to do that to their phone
Seems like it could use a mechanical locking part inside the phone that's similar to the flap on the included case. Just to prevent the camera from flapping.
Would love to see this vs OnePlus 7 pro camera shoot out.
Yeah, but who cares about the looks, screen, performance, battery life if you can't buy the bloody thing anywhere, just like the Zenfone 6??
8:19 I don't like that Linus
I don't need or want a selfie camera. I'm buying one and gluing the camera down.
6:26 DSLR has flip screen, Asus has flip camera. You can take some interesting composition using this based on how low you can go with this. Also taking a picture even when the phones back is not facing the subject is a neat feature.
A shame it doesn't have headphone jack....
Samsung Galaxy 10e Did the finger print thing first.
Please do Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra review
23 Facebook employees disliked the video
Finally!
flapping your phone back and forth while not bothering to use a case, a Very Real Use Case for Normal People
WHAAAAA IS THIS A MIDROLL AD?
It has an electric motor so it's basically a Tesla.
Ok one thing I'll give them credit for with that style camera, if I can't get my head behind some furniture when I'm looking where something is plugged in at I'll use my phone camera to check. This one would make that much easier than hoping a picture is lined up enough and not blurry since I can see the screen from more angles on the Asus phone. However I really don't like that mechanism with how much you can shake it around. It just makes it feel cheap.
As long as Asus supports it, is exactly what will kill this phone.
Camera pog?
I think this just became my next phone.  It's this or wait for the Xperia 1 III or Samsung S30
Where is 4K?
You really nitpick. You shouldn't make phone reviews in the future. You don't know much about this area
Full review please! And if it gets google camera and maybe lineage os support it would be almost perfect
who would shake it like that
Linus:"asus just broke the mold and put the fingerprint sensor in the lock button" Razer phone:"am I a joke to you?"
Looking to upgrade my S7, this phone is looking pretty good, but is it water resistant? As far as I can tell, the website doesn't explicitly state that, which is kinda a bummer. Water resistance is a must have
:v
personally I like sliding phone like the mi mix over holepunch or rotating
I'm still on an LG G6 from 2017, and I'm one of those people that dislikes the notch and the hole punch with a burning passion. This phone might get me to finally upgrade.  . . .assuming Verizon will carry it.  and if this doesn't get onto Verizon, I'll drop them to go to another carrier that will work with this phone.
Boom
Teeth so white, they may be fake.
I thought the video ended at  6:30, was this a LTT video
stop throwing stuff Linus!! we all know you're rich
This reminded me of my old LG vx7000. It was a fun trick then but seems like a great way to free up some screen real-estate now.
The screen looks sexy
No headphone jack. Asus missed a huge oportunity right here
Who else is waiting for the title to change from Asus just SHOCKED me
Could you please not put a purple background behind the example pictures (12:00) it makes it harder to judge colour. Maybe a grey or black would be better
I seriously don't understand what's so bad about hole punches or notches. It's like "oh no!! there's a barely noticeable hole up in the corner of the screen where there's nothing anyhow!"
Trim those hairs going over your lip.
No headphone jack?  No longer interested.
I do a lot of interviews for school that are recorded. Having that phone and setting the camera angle and being able to set the phone face down would make my life a little easier. Unique idea that I wouldn't have thought I needed until I saw it.
This phone with its lack of a notch makes it better than any current phone regardless of price.   Death to notches and holes and all that crap.
Fair device in a fair price point..
Thats the amature porn camera mode Linus.
Linus is very handsome!
i am personally more interested in xiaomi poco f2 but this is pretty cool too :P
3:31 Lew crying in the corner
When will review of note 20 and note 20 ultra will be upload on the main channel?
That party trick can be used to cheat on your friends, on your side
Here is the better look at the Zenfone 7 pro  https://youtu.be/x_ZPOlNj5tc
Where is note 20 ultra review?
me up at 1am when nvidia  is in 8 1/2 hours and i wanna watch it live but i also dont wanna sleep but ill pass out in the next 4 hours and i wanna die
Can Elon Musk just build a phone so we can be done with this?
really working hard people. i appreciate 👍
This phone checks 3 key boxes for me: camera, battery and battery management (so smart!).
did the phone with a rear screen die? i still like that approach
Meanwhile I still have a 8gb iPhone 6 with a cracked screen
https://youtu.be/x_ZPOlNj5tc
Looking at that little notch on the top of the camera section (im assuming a microphone?) it seems like they could have easily had a little retracting clip in the bottom of that recessed area to hold the cameras in place when theyre not flipped to stop the flapping... i mean obviously theyre not afraid of putting moving parts in the phone 🤷‍♀️
You shocked me, I'm going to bed and here's Linus.
Honestly it's better than OnePlus
Unbox a Duo :( I hope Microsoft sent you one.
Peepee
Linus Tear tips
I’ve never heard the phrase “tickle my phone “ in my life. 😂😂
Why are y’all uploading at 3 am
Wait i can set how much to charge the battery up to? Where do i buy one. The ol S10 is getting on in its years and managing it myself is a pain.
It's 3 AM here. 12 AM in Vancouver. Why is this uploaded now?
This video accompany me while i shit, what a perfect timing
Sony had sidemounted fingerprint sensors integrated into the lock button years ago. But they were much bigger buttons
Is it available on Verizon? Like 99% of the USA uses Verizon...
As someone who plucks all offending hairs from my overly sensitive nose, viewing your giant bush causes me physical discomfort. Never use a front facing cam ever gain, or at least, stick to tinder angles.
I use my phone to take photos of areas I can't reach for car projects (under the car, in the engine bay etc). That camera movement would be really useful
thought i was early
Why so late lynus
LATE NIGHT
I prefer this over a hole-punch camera
6:16 100% for recording timelapse video from any flat surface.
Imagine taking videos while moving it up and down. And then you could lie the phone flat while taking a video. Nobody would know. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Are you able to rotate the camera mid-video??
yay
2 am upload. Sweeet
I prefer a hole-punch or a notch over anything mechanical that can break and has to be repaired. The fewer moving parts the better.
If Windows On ARM improved, we can surely see Asus making an ROG Transformer phone which dual boots android and Windows 10. Asus made transformer tablet/laptop and also an All in One desktop. They don't do it anymore.
hi
This is a cool tech. But can we talk about what's in Jensen's oven?
2:00 lvl1 drop skill
slides phone partially under door and rotates camera
2:05 It's an au naturel display
Why am I watching this at 3AM?
Too expensive compared to the zenfone 6's great value -_-
Sir it’s 3 am...
this looks like something from tron
Seems to me that LTT has started to post videos in a way for europeans to also watch them, without staying up late or waking up way to early.  -Everyone liked that.-
3:45
I wish it supported more carriers, otherwise I'd make the switch...
Oh          Nice
Please make these 'rarer' phone reviews more often; I've seen others in the past and myself asking for some Sony Xperia reviews ;) ;)
6 min ago
Would this be the tech equivalent of a pinky in the butt?
shocking
1:12 ughhh linus doing the most satisfying unboxing
zenfone 7 wow its getting wierd
It looks like a good phone!
"how does it KNOW??"
I think they will be changing title oreginal:ASUS just SHOCKED me
No headphone jack, no buy. I'm getting real sick of this shit. Stop removing headphone jacks from phones that were known to have them. This is why I bought a poco F2 Pro, Asus. This is why i didnt buy your ROG3, nor will I buy this stupid zenfone either. What a freaking joke.
party trick for sure, like owning a note 10 at the moment I don't rely care about the front hole thingy, but that whole camera assembly moving like that is just ridiculous and I could see all kinds of gunk sandwitching itself in between unless you clean it all the time
Linus is worse at handling fragile packages than Amazon
Ignoring the ugly chin on the ugly phone.
Watching this video with my Zenfone 6 UwU
Early af only 75 people veiwed Linus it’s 12 am y u be uploading and yes I know u live in surrey hehe
Early.
Hey
2077 , who many camera does your phon has ? well i didnt count
All that to play raid shadow legends
Here comes the incompetent review by a Canadian shill whose only real talent is to make a half assed clickbaity title
Good phone. Just needs to be available with more carriers.
The last time I was this early Corona was a type of a beer...
1:51 goodbye accessories
First
RTX 3090!  Saipan Island 670 96950!!!!!!!!
late
I’m still trying to figure out what to say before the comments get flooded. Hi Linus and Co. I guess
Nothing shocks you
In an alternate reality: Linus: "This is the Iphone 17 XRrZ+3... Wow, This is so cool!"
this is a phone that someone would call "pog"
When you are so early that linus is 19 years old.
I thought Linus tried hot swapping shit by different companies and got shocked only by asus lmao
can u plz review Zenbook 14 2020 too!
Hey Linus Can you pls reply to this
1000th
I'm early
Linus looks so epic now!
I saw this video before I got the notification
Meow
one of the first comments
FIRSTTTT
That will not out last the warranty.
Why at this HOUR?
The original title was “ASUS just SHOCKED me”
fastasfuckboi
ill buy it for the camera
11th person to hear "hardcore mobile gamer"
9 th viewers
10 views, 30 comments. Why YT
6 views, yet 10 likes..
3 am? Nice
Oh shitttt 10 views
Third!
sooooooo fast
hayo
so close
not as shocking as what linus looks now compared to last yr.
6 views 17 comments nice youtube
I'm 1st!!!! I've never been 1st here before.. nor will I be again. I must bask in this!
10th
Shocking video.
FASTBOI
cannot believe that i am the 7th viewer
21 likes and 9 views
not first
Just when I am trying to preorder....... a review arrived!
ready for an epic vid
last
Youtube: 3 Comments Me: Can I see them? Youtube: *_no_*
im early
Huh
firsttttttt
wow i'm so early
Comment 4
10th
Hi Linus, any video coming about Oppo watch?
sevent views!
Yes
hi
boo not first
dammit!
hardcore mobile gamer
Ah, another vid my wallet is gonna hate
I am king 🤴 😌 🤧 ✨
1st  Can It flip my life around?
1st
No one is here
Hi
first sorry had to
FIRST!!!
