People who say UTD is not good enough for Haaland is a disgrace. How are Barca currently better than us and more attractive? We are 2nd in the league, probably going to get to the Europa final. Will have champs league next season AND we are MAN UTD!!!!! If he goes somewhere else fair enough but MAN UTD is better than Haaland, Haaland is not better than MAN UTD = SIMPLE.
"Ole wants Rice" - Let him eat cake.
You play with what you got. With some of the goals this team conceded early in the season... Why would you not be pragmatic?
If ole wants rice he should go get some rice
George Graham won two league titles with Arsenal, Ole's never winning the league with United... Boring football can only be justified if you're winning titles
Why sign a player who doesn't play for the badge. This is like Alexis Sanchez again. Rice is a Chelsea man, all his mates are Chelsea players. This is so dumb.
Poch to win champions league with psg
We need to sign ndidi
The cheek to talk about Pepe when you've got a £85m donkey playing CB 😂😂😂
Bruno and Pogba are finding it difficult to pass the ball since they've got Greenwood and Mctominay who weren't good without the ball... Positioning is a key area United needs to improve, else we will end up like Arsenal 😭
Mark how about Manuel Akanji?
Too many overrated English players. We should go after Casemiro. He dominated Liverpool
Haaland deal off .... was it ever on? Lets be real guys!!
Are we playing a turgid form of football purely to conserve our players? You're probably less likely to get injuries playing crab football than something like Liverpool's counterpress. Is he doing it so he doesn't have to make the substitutions and rotate the squad?
It's sad to see our team going down down and we cant do anything. And all this happening right front of our eyes. The owner are destroying our football club. Its so so so frustrating what they doing to our club. It's just  not fair!!!!!!!!!!!
We need Grealish.
Mark our x plays!! They kno we need a centre mid defence. But they wont say it. because we're crying out saying what we need to them what do we kno about football.
Mark HW CAN YOU SAY THAT about us being in same position as Jose ecept he got knocked out in cl...point is we finshed 2nd and THEN plummeted...with Ole we finished 3rd which was an improvement and NOW we are 2nd yes football isnt great but results have improved not satyed same and not got WORSE like Jose
AND brighton havent played twice a week in nearly EVERY SINGLE MATCH WEEEK bar one...
Mark couldn’t agree more style of play and general play is absolutely awful but cannot see it changing. I love this club but cannot see it changing. Club has made progress since Bruno came in but we can’t always rely on him
You said before all this that 'were not bothered about quick football...we dont wanna lose the ball we are pragmatic' because he plays Mctom AND Fred...he plays pog and bruno and still happens it is FATIGUE thats why we played better quality in his caretaker period then DROPPED
Is it hard to sack your agent as a footballer is there a legal process that makes it cost a fortune for the player. With regards to Rashford if you keep playing him he's going to end up being of for a long period of time
Declan Rice would be good. Ndidi should be backup.
Bissouma... not rice.
The difference between Jose and Ole is their support from players. Jose lost the dressing room, they turned on him. If that happened to Solskjaer he'd also be thrown out right away.
Having rice without the curry and chicken just don't work
Is everyone ready for McFrOle on Sunday?!
Is the fact LVG, Jose and Ole are playing the same way down to the board being a results focused outfit instead of playing the right way? The board wouldn't recognise good football and good talent if it smacked them in the face. They are not football people. Are the managers following directives and managing with one arm behind their backs? Have any of those managers been given the first choice signing they wanted?
In relation to Rice, he wanted to play for Ireland and was committed but then swapped to England. Things change, he might think Chelsea now but could end up with us.
Moyes, Van Gaal, Jose and Ole styles of football = 4 different shades of 💩
Why buy Rice, there are far better out there IMHO
Ole shake it all about
Godsake the adverts are driving me mad
Ole want rice? Then make him some jollof.
Every league used to have two points for a win and the thing is serie a had the best defenders of all time in the 90s
«If we have the ball they haven't got it. Just like Mourinho». That's wrong, Mark. Mourinho's 7 rules:  The game is won by the team who commits fewer errors. Football favours whoever provokes more errors in the opposition. Away from home, instead of trying to be superior to the opposition, it’s better to encourage their mistakes. Whoever has the ball is more likely to make a mistake. Whoever renounces possession reduces the possibility of making a mistake. Whoever has the ball has fear. Whoever does not have it is thereby stronger.
Jose doesn't play keep ball he plays sit back and counter attack
This football is nothing like Jose football
Rice ... NOOOOO FFS, just not good enough. We want creative talented midfielders. The day of the dinosaurs is over.
Everything wrong with this club. It’s all about British players. Disgusting. No creativity but we keep adding more English players.
Being from wales I want af and ‘af
Sacked Jose because he blamed on players when lost games and could not motivate the player to become next level; Keep Ole because he never blame on the players and he can turn them better, see Luke Shaw and Fred in Jose hand and now, what a different. That is one of the reason why Jose had to left
IF Chelsea Dont want Rice.. and he does NOT want to come to Manchester United.. Why should we go after him ? Drop the RICE conversation if he does not want to come here. We can find another good CDM out there.
Imagine how amad, donny, mata, and even Shortire must feel, the manager doesn't trust you enough to play a 40% player. And how complacent will rashford get knowing no matter the situation he will play, he will start to get complacent, we need players on their toes all the time but our manager isn't smart enough to know that
Ole doesn’t trust his defense and his midfield to do what he wants them to do
I'm worried that our DNA is too damaged and our identity will change. All utd supporters Want is a competent board, an attacking style of play,  investment in youth and our players to give everything for the badge.  Do you see any of that?     A jedi in a red shirt... Aka Eric!
Why would rice come to United when he sees Donny at United, at Chelsea he actually has a chance to win a trophy and play under a world class manager
It's ain't good if your not winning 😜..maybe ole is playing safe to win something. I'm Ole out but still you complain if he lose but complain if he wins 🤣.. doesn't matter the way he plays as long as we win. Mark can be annoying sometime.
There is no and never was a deal for haaland
I fear United won't fancy another game so soon after the s***  they served up Thursday night.  Play like that against even a very troubled Spurs and Kane will have a great afternoon picking off Lindeloff and Maguire.   Like to see them get a result but Mourinho  will be eyeing this match as a chance to get back in Levy's good books.
Declan and kounde....or akanji
Fabinho is a destroyer not a dictator of the ball
We saw it last season when matic was good Greenwood and martial got so much more goals so now we need someone to replace matic roles last season
Ball possesion is best for us....because we dont have the players to do diffrent
I think rice is overrated if he costs more than 60 mil don’t get him
Everyone sees the problem with utd except ole
We played how we play cuz of Fergie but it's 2021 and every manager is different ..as long as we win its good. We don't have players good enough for that fancy play ..Mark!
Our football will never improve with fred and mctominay playing cdm it doesn't matter who is in front or behind them.  Our whole attack should spark from that position instead it dies like a wet rag
Double like, Mark. Although I think Ole has to make do for now with good results and safe football, and wait for better players to come in next year
I’m telling ya Fleck, that streaker can pass the ball better than Fred
Cant wait to have fans back in the stadium.  They would never allow the style of football
Side ways football is so boring and Fred is the worse for it I would say 8 out of 10 passes go back from him . Where have my Man United gone ?
Mark you always have false news
Wasnt the streaker marouane felliani 😝😝😝
Was also impressed with telles last night, played better than shaw.
We cant fast pace, certain players give  the ball away far to much when there is always an easy ball. Too slow. Certain positions still needed. Go get sancho this year just buy him. He wanted united last year. I know its all sancho again but its his position were missing. Greenwood isnt a right winger. Greenwood needs to be in his natural position striker
Ole has lost his courage.. He's playing to stay in the job. Safety 1st. He has enough players already in the squad to do better but is too scared to use them.. Tuanzabe is a fast centre back. Diallo right winger who is technical too. He could even play VDB at the base of midfield. Ole's problem is he is not a name brand manager so automatically gets under rated but he has done better than anyone else has since Sir Alex. He now needs to win Europa gain confidence in his position and let the handbrake off when managers work without fear of the sack and total backing you tend to see better results. But that respect for any manager has to be earnt. I personally don't put too much stock in him needing more players if he doesn't become braver. They will just be on the bench with VDB Diallo etc.
We were so dreadful last night i struggled to watch for 90 mins
People try to dig out Liverpool. But yet we've had no Van Dijk and Gomes are main center back pairing. You can see some potianal in the likes of kabak and Philip's but not the finished article. At times this season we have played well in the midfield. Man United most of the season have been playing awful football. ☝️
Ole wanted rice he got corn
Return of the Mack..  mark is jokes. 🤣🤣👍
Donny probably passes first touch in training, that's why Ole doesn't think he's ready😂😂.. if he keeps the ball and turns around in circles like Scott, he would play more...
Yes it is good enough mark, how many times did we grind out results with alex Ferguson,this practically takes us to the semifinals
Rice is average but he’s not like Valverde or Bentancur.  Levels above Rice and much quicker
Ole got sent to war with a popadom and a breadstick. The mans produced a minor miracle to be 2nd in the league. Why are we getting on his back when he’s not the problem??!!
The team played with flair and confidence when OGS took over. Something has gone drastically wrong and I believe its with the coaching staff.
I can just see it we will get a top class CB maybe a RW then come next season the club will wake up and notice we need a CDM. Always reacting to problems because there is not enough planning and ambition to win in this football club.
Can't see Rice coming to OT. More chance of signing wee Hoose Rice.
Declan Rice and sancho is what we need
Manchester United just play individual players because I got a good place but I got no structure
We don’t deserve to win the game bully is not playing well Manchester United not play well Nicole no structure
Fried Rice or Chicken Rice?
This guy argues with himself
I agree with the football, I am so bored watching utd at the moment they look they could play for a week with creating any real chances. I know we in a good league position but the worst football I watched in a long time. I even put Liverpool Madrid on other night to watch some attacks 🙈🙈🙈
Stop with the rice Bs Goldbridge.. anyone with a football iq know he’s overrated . English hype and Tax . You did the same thing with Maguire When everyone with a soul could see he was trash .
Biryani rice for 80million
Hello
It is getting old with the bitching and complaining even when we win, the man can’t do anything right. Ole has not gotten the players he wanted and the bench is full of injuries waiting to happen(except maybe Donny and outside of opinion and shots at the dark there is a reason Donny and amid aren’t getting played; saw a glimpse the last game he started).  I am tired of the hate and negativity that really isn’t warranted, if Ole gets the players he wants the football will change and it really isn’t that bad, we don’t have the players except from Bruno.
Declan Rice is quicker than he looks. I have seen him track back and catch guys that I didn't think he could catch.
Our Legend doesn't know football, just big talk and inshallah
The club know there made a mistake with herrana
lol Zein...Declan would stay at West Ham before he'd go to Arsenal X-D
Jose was still in the champions league when he was sacked
It’s not all possession based, if James is on the field its proof we not just keeping possession. It’s attackminded as well
I would offer Lingard + 35 to 40 million for Rice
Stretford paddock>this prat
maybe we don't trust our ST and RW to play quick football if you look at the right side we have wanbissaka and james who can't create so we always have to go to the left side which is why a rw like Sancho could change the speed of the whole team by giving an option to pass both sides quicker
I will like bissouma to United than rice, because he is s English the media will always back him,when ever United lost possession and lost the blame will be on bruno pogba or DVD
I agree Mark, the play is uber slow and not entertaining even if we are getting results.
What if we get Rice or Bissouma and still play mourinho ball. That will fall on Ole
Pundits that are ex players act like they don’t have brain and they were one of the best players in the past. WE DON”T NEED HAALAND!
I feel like Haaland is gonna be this decades Wesley Sneijder
Idk how people think ole isn’t sackable - we’re miles off city, our football is boring and awful given the players available to him, refuses to drop players after poor performances and we crashed out of the champions league when we should’ve been comfortable?! We’re gonna get top 4 in a year when all the big clubs have been poor so it’s not much of an achievement anyway
I like Declan quite a bit , he has improved a lot the last couple seasons in just about every aspect of his game. We definitely need more leaders and character like him and are crying out for an upgrade at DM. I still think he wants to go to Chelsea and stay in London and will likely command a ridiculous fee but i definitely put him on the list of DM's that would certainly work for us ; though i think Bissouma , Soumare or Zakaria could also work and probably leave more funds to invest in other positions. Perhaps if Lingard can go the other way to lower the fee considerably , maybe even a Garner loan as well as part of the deal and West Ham would have to be a bit more reasonable on the fee because some of the fees attributed to Moyes and the club for Rice seem just far too much. Either way of course Rice is advisable and suits what we need in a DM and a player in general on many levels but just seems strange we are more credibly linked after he does his knee in.
Not easy to say for sure if it's the coaching, as opposed to technical deficiencies throughout our squad, more manifest in our British players.  We aren't certain to get new first team players in. If we do will these new players be the sort of gifted, balanced technical players who can improve our fluidity regardless of coaching. But even if we do get several new "ballers", who can take the ball and pass it, with a high footballing IQ, would Ole even pick them over the combative, high energy sportmen he currently favours? 🤔 he persists wiith McFred, Maguire and AWB - and he uses Donny extremely sparingly...
Ole ain’t getting rice
Let me get this right. Your suggesting Ole is telling both Bruno and Pogba not to be creative. Or waste possession? If they can’t be creative without always losing possession they are crap. Don’t forget Burnos team in Portugal won  nothing.
Pragmatic is what all the best teams have ever done to win a trophy. Utd have done it for years under fergie.  If we win this poundland champs league no one is going to turn round and say " oh do you remember that time utd were pragmatic and kept possesion away to granada?" Get real. ALL the top teams do it. OGS or any manager needs time to build. He is defo doing that. We just need a trophy now. Cant be getting like Arsenal
I agree the football is slow, boring and not the united style of football the fans want to see on the pitch!!!
I don't see haaland coming to United, never have, never will. Top player though💯
Spiderman FC... No entertainment here. More questions than answers. SA
Talk about this. We’ve had more big chances than last yr according to prem stats already. Greenwood, Rashford and Martial combined only have 13 goals. Last yr they had over 30.  We need Haarland, Mic drop!
If we could get Declan Rice in a swap deal + cash with Jesse Lingard would be a great bit of business !!
You make me laugh. Mourinho was sacked cause he was 9 points off the top 4 at Christmas. Are you saying Ole will lose the dressing room and be 9 points off top 4 This Christmas?  Your opinion is very weird.
Ricky is coaching united is what you are saying
Ole needing better players to play a better brand of football is flawed. We have a better squad than a lot of the teams that play better/more entertaining football than us. No excuses not to be more expansive/entertaining in my opinion
Ole could want mbappe doesn't mean mbapoe wants to join man utd
AddBridge
I don't want Declan Rice. There is no place for bare faced liars in our club. I will never believe a word that comes out of his mouth
It was funny how you were ranting when Arsenal signed Pepe and we didn't now you are taking the mick out of them(rightly so)  for doing so. You are the biggest cretin on the net.
So you don't want Akanji because Dortmund aren't in the top 4? What like that's his fault? Honestly you come out with some utter crap
We had a manager in the 70's that we got relegated with, yet the fans loved him. Tommy Doc had us playing exciting football. We came straight back up and won cups but never won the league, the fans still loved him. Times have changed.
ole plays garbageball get him out of my club
Maybe the team isn’t good enough to play the football you want? Pogba especially is massively overrated.
Our playing style is not like Jose. Jose team doesn't want to have the ball, we keep the ball. Just for some click baits, you are spreading lies. What is wrong with 2-0 score, we had more possession, more shots. But you want every fucking game to be end to end.
But mark if we get second we’re improving and the more we improve the more players want to go to us world class players then we start challangeing for prem
would love ruben neves instead of rice
Always complaining. Mou was fired not bcoz of 2nd position but bcoz we were 8th in league, picked up fight with most of man it's players incl. Pogba, Martial and Shaw.
Spot on Mark 👍
I do not see any progress from when Jose finished second it’s crazy
I just see that Ole grinding out the result because of such a hard season(in terms of game after game in two-three days). The real problem is that he's not trust his bench. That's why the same guys playing and physically cannot play more intensive. I hope if we can get Rice and a  suitable CB for Maguire we could get the results more faster and then let the bench players play 20-30 minutes
Is that  Egg fried
I prefer Zakaria
Pragmatically is it better to be Ole out or Carricky and Mckennary out? Ole picks the team, but Carrick and McKenna are often mentioned as the lead coaches on the training ground so would replacing them on the training pitch lead to a better style of play?
Jeez, of course they're not being told to "take a touch and pass it sideways".  Mark, seriously mate, go and have a lie down with a cup of tea.  Loosing sleep is not good.  Ole is nowhere near as bad as you think.  If you're right and he gets player upgrades in the summer and then plays the same way next season (sounds like nonsense to me) then most likely, as you say, he will be gone by Christmas.  More likely, if he gets the players he needs we will make big steps forward towards restoring our reputation and status.  Next season will be the time to judge.
I thought mark was gonna say a new manager is Italian and would want pasta 😂😂😂
Well written and spot on
Bruno and pogba play crap and it’s the managers fault? Is it all down to Ole when they play well then? You talk some rubbish lad!
There is a whole generation of Norwegians, including Ole, that grew up with Egil Olsen as coach of Norway. He brought the team onto the world stage and got them into international tournaments and is still a national hero. The only problem is that he instilled the football culture with the simple idea that the first thing you have to do is not score more than the opponent, but stop them scoring. I suspect Ole still has a bit of this influence. Egil Olsen's influence on Norwegian football and coaching is probably as strong as Rinus Michels influence on the Dutch.
5:57 I do usually agree with mark but wtf is he on about there. We used to be not anymore
I think we’re over reacting about the playing style. Firstly there’s no fans so that can take a toll on the players. But I also think that we’re playing at a lower intensity to avoid fatiguing the players. If we can play a lower intensity and still win games, we can prolong the fitness of the players and also go up a gear in games where we need more intensity
Ole wants rice he will get pasta
Ole is the worst we were never gonna sign no player for over 100million glazers and ed dont love this club
Then we should do a 3 way transfer ala Nba and just get Kante and/or Jorginho by sending Lingard to Westham, Rice to Chelsea and we pay 20 million to Westham, n we get Jorginho/Kante lol
Maybe only West Brom and Sheffield United dont play better football than us . Yet we are 2nd
Mark, with your glasses on you are Clark Kent, without them you are Declon Rice.
If we get Simone like rice or grealish and lewin we would win the league.
You got this rice story from the sun. 🙄
People don't understand how the decline of Matic was detrimental to us immensely
Is the slow football not down to players trying to conserve energy because they have so many games in a short time
I watched the match last night and I'm thinking Ole's plan is to play so slow and side to side to try and hypnotise the opposition into a trance, because that's exactly what happened to me. I fell asleep and missed the penalty!
Since Tuchel came in Kovacic has been the best midfielder in the league. Does he not play as a Cdm of Chelsea?
Sorry lads, you are only getting rice if you pay £80 - £100 mil
De Gea, Fred and Cavani Out Pope, Ndidi and Sancho IN
not buying Haaland is so stupid, they could get somebody like Rice in 2022 easily
i love ole and want him to do well but i can see why some fans want him out the wife was watching mean girls last night and i found myself watching that instead of utd its that boring we used to be on the edge of your seat watching utd now its hard to keep your head up boring boring boring
There's nothing wrong with possession based football if it's done with style, movement, awareness and good first touch. When done right it's one of the most effective ways to break a low block. Not enough United players have those attributes however.
Is this really a good idea when he has just got a knee injury?  Knee injuries have potential to end your career or severely reduce your effectiveness.
I’d love Nagelsmann at Man Utd. He got 2nd with Leipzig, imagine him with our squad
Ole wants ole wants ole wants...the fans want to be entertained by the football not bored to death
Neville not mentioning United needing a decent CDM almost feels like he is saying Matic, Fred and McTominay are good enough.
I would say we "try" to play possession football, we're just not very good at it. Luckily we have a few impact players that pull the odd rabbit out the bag.
Mark: If we ar not winning it all AND playing nice football sack everybody. I know better than everybody else. Me: You prat
Spot on about Oles game plan. It will be his downfall.
Ricey, Donny, and Bruny. Oh lord what a midfield.
such a hypocrite lol, he did what he's complaining about after the first brighton game this season...
If ole wants rice he should visit uncle Roger. 😂
Grelsh, Lewin, Philips and Coady. Let’s have a FULL ENGLISH lol.
Ole out he is playing crap football
lmao keep dreaming mark keep dreaming
Imagine supporting a team that can win a difficult European away game by two goals without half the fans demanding the manager be sacked... That would be sweet!
Keep posestion and score
Wasn't it Raola who said that United would ruin any player.
That's football 1 o 1
You can expect greenwood cavani and James to do anything soon as rashford went off there was nothing
So how did they beat city
Hes not leaving face it
He can want chicken curry while he's at it  Because he won't fucking get it
What we need is to stop being defensive, get rid of CDM and play attacking , like the good old days, if we had competent defenders we wouldn't need a cdm
Let's  go for Ruben neves 🙏🏼
RICE IS 21 BUT GARNER IS TOO YOUNG TO PLAY FOR UNITED? ITS LIKE BARCELONA SPENDING 150 MILL ON COUTINHO OR RAKITIC WHEN THIAGO CAME THROUGH LA MASIA.
I have rice at home, Ole can have'em all if he wants
West ham wud be crazy to get rid of rice
I don’t think a Haaland deal was ever on, plus he is still a Raiola player so not worth the hassle
Arsenal wud love posestion football man utd get results
Mark, you are amazing. The way you break things down is the best I am hearing. I am addicted to listening to you morning and evening everyday. I listen to the guys and Beth too. Rickey I gave up. You cannot be on US and be ultra biased. Before listening to US, I was Mata, Matic, Out. We all have our favourite but when analysing you have to give credit where credit is due. How can he not acknowledge Bruno when Bruno was top in PL for months. Most of our guys have favourites but are not so biased. Keep up the good work Mark, Fred, Beth, Jay etc.
So which one is it mark? We need a world class CDM or is it coming from the training ground? Contradiction city here. All I see is winning football in a tournament where results matter. Will you be moaning at the end of the season if we lift the trophy. I think not.
The only way Ole will win the league is buying City first team and also Pep as his first team coach.. Without that he won't get better, maybe grind out results again but football will never improve. He is playing the same team for second successive season(with same backroom staff) and they still don't play good football. No signing/s is going to change that
Was ole in but playing style against smaller sides and not picking vdb and tuanzebe has made me ole out.
We need movement, our attack and Bruno offer No movement, midfield get the ball and its No forward option available
Our expectations have been changed to suit Oles ability and expectations.
There are options apart from Declan Rice
Your not wrong its painful to watch results make it more bearable "Just".
Ole reminds me a lot of Valverde when he was at Barcelona. Time wasting by keeping the ball and making simple passes and relying on individual brilliance from players like Messi or Suarez, mostly Messi.
Rice or bissouma would strengthen our midfield
Fried rice or curry rice?
Sunday's game is going to be brutal to watch. Jose vs poundland Jose
Me sat here thinking the haaland deal was ever on? 🤔.. Got more chance of fergie coming out of retirement
Bruno and Pogba on the same pitch and we still played trash football. It has to be the manager who else
why live early?
With rice alone we are completely revolutionised regardless of what tactics ole plays
We need him if pogba leaves. Declan, vdb and bruno fernandes in midfield would be sick.
hello everybody good morning welcome to the united stand !!!
How about Half Rice - Half Chips?
We’re not going forwards we’re going sideways.
Please don’t take rice
Declan baat
