So Aang has better combat here than he does in his own game hmm
Waang
aang (avatar the last airbender)
Such a disappointment...
Squidward showcase - nickelodeon all - star brawl
How is Nick getting away with this? This is literally Smash Bros.
Whyd u fuckin make this
About the avatar state attack change at 100%+, this needs a buff. This should be a useful revenge move that is powerful but is also a double edged sword. Maybe drop the knockback on all but the last hit, increase the last hit's knockback, make each hit stronger with more shield stun, and to balance it make it increase own dmg percentage slightly per frame while its in use, add more ending lag, and limit the attack's use to three charges (which would be more show-accurate since Aang doesn't use the Avatar state much and when he does it drains him); this would also give players an option to get back to the default neutral. Without any kind of added pros and cons to the move, this is currently a totally useless attack change that takes away a better tool. it's not even a good attack compared to the default neutral which can be maintained to edge guard. You're basically getting a worse, flashier, attack as a punishment for taking dmg, which sucks.
This is a great example of how I consider this game to be a missed opportunity. I like the idea of him entering the avatar state when he gets to high percent. It’s a unique mechanic that fits his character. So much so it should be a through line of his entire kit not just one ability. Especially because the iconic orb of all four elements being a pretty standard in air attack is a tad underwhelming.   Also no meta Knight glide. Literally unplayable.
A bit unfair having korra use all the elements essentially while he only gets air tho
This is the video GameMill Entertainment didn't want you to see! (BEFORE YOU BUY) https://youtu.be/04aJ1EGH5pw .
A 20fps with frame tearing masterpiece on Xbox series S. I almost vomited from motion sickness and after the day 1 patch It was the same. Which means that patch was for the good running console's. Which is why I deleted this turd
I heard most of aang's moves in sokka's voice. Also Momo makes an appearance with Appa
Game looks terrible from 2002
Nothing makes me more happy than seeing Patrick get the lights beat out of him.
There should be a small animation, no hit box, for when aang jumps so show he is air bending
The 20fps Is horrible on my Xbox series S  Please fix this its not bad on Arcade but on Battle it feels like Cyberpunk 2077 when it first released. Im already thinking of returning It fot Forza horizon 5
To be completely honest, I was expecting Powdered Toast Man to be the Captain Falcon of this game. Would've never guessed Aang to fit this role. But hey, it works.
His attack animations look ROUGH
Was really hoping Wind Chop would be called “Air Slice” as a tribute to Sokka
Anng looks cool for combos, I like how the avatar state gives him more elements I only wish he had a tiny splash more. I guess we could say this is aang right before he got locked in the ice.
Can everyone mid air grab???  6:02
People are actually happy about this trash lol
Sorry but the animations and graphics are mediocre.
That stage is banned
Whenever I see Aang I go "Oh look it's Aang! ¦D  Whenever I see Aang's name written out I go "A-ang..."
Eh not true to aang he doesn’t loose his staff three seconds into the match.
I hate the music of this map... just isn't avatar :/
Fujin mains will pick this character up
We need that Zuko dlc 👀
This game would look so much better in a cell-shaded style.
Am I the only person very disappointed by this? It looks like they really just did the bare minimum. The saw a martial arts character and made him kicky mcpunchy man without even thinking of how they could faithfully adapt the character.
Good lord he has insane movement options. Definitely a chaser that never lets up while giving himself plenty of escape options.
A little weird that most his moves don’t use the staff limiting his range. I feel like his attacks should blow a wind projectile in most cases
Where's zuko?
Aang riding a rasengan
This game desperately needs voice acting to bring the game to life
That would of been cool if all his moves were amplified when he’s in avatar state instead of his neutral special
This is the character I was most excited for, but I have to say I'm a little disappointed. He doesn't seem to use the uniqueness of bending at all, and operates very similar to all the other characters shown so far. Probably intentional. I guess I will have to make my dream ATLA platform fighter myself.
Air Ball?  You mean Air Scooter right? Aang calls it that VERY early into season 1 of AtlA.  Shame shame shame.
While I understand the choice to make Aang completely airbending focused, im still disappointed that they made him look so unimaginative and lame. Coupled with this game's already shovelware looks, Aang looks like a giant fucking disappointment to me, especially next to characters like Korra or fucking CatDog. Devs really need to go watch the show again, this just looks goofy. And it's Air Scooter, not Air Ball
Nice taunt
4:00 Incineroar Up Special?
Okay, I love the taunt, but... why did they give him a troll face mask? ._.
His model looks like shit
I hate the say this since it sounds like the devs really care about the game. But doesn't seem like they understand any of the basics of the Chinese martial arts behind the bending. I know it's just a kids game, but the show was also just a "kids show" and they paid a ton of attention to the details and always got things right. After all, it was a huge part of the show   There are a ton of weird things going on, but oh man, those default standing animations and idle animations are really atrocious. They tried to give him a classic bagua position (which is what airbending is based on). However, his body position and pose is completely wrong. Even a beginner with 30mins of instruction wouldn't look like that. Knee position make no sense, hands /arm positions are completely wrong, and he's looking at the floor, and not his opponent. And he bobs up and down in this position a ton, which is a completely anti-bagua. Picking this position in general is problematic since you usually step in a circle from there. Instead they make him run forward/backward which looks super awkward, because, well it is mechanically awkward from that position.   Even worse is his idle where he brings his hands to his center. This is an ending pose to forms, basically what you do at the end of routine. In the show, they used this a few times with bending to signify a final closing move in a fight. Here he's just doing it randomly with no reason. And again, the position, is completely wrong. It's supposed to be with legs equidistant from the center. It looks extremely awkward.   The rest of his staff/attack moves don't look like they're based on anything. Not going to go in-depth on those since they're all so random and weird looking, but none of it looks wushu (Chinese martial arts) based or coherent. In the show, they drew on some basic northern style staff for his staff moves. If it is supposed to be wushu based, it is unfortunately so far off the mark that it no longer looks recognizable.   Some references to get an idea of what bagua and staff movements should look like:  *Bagua from Beijing Wushu Team member and Jet Li teammate Zhang Hongmei:* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NHEOU88TaY  *Gunshu (staff) from Taolu World Cup Champion Achmad Hulaefi* https://youtu.be/vHMtmkT3Ao4
Aang Looks really fun to play, specially with That easy combo starting Down Special. (His taunt is perfect)
The stage music IS FIRE
WHY WHEN YOU SHOW US THE MOVESET OF ANY CHARACTER, YOU ALWAYS MAKE IT TO FIGHT VERSUS PATRICK OR SPONGEBOB?
Ngl koras overall design looks more like herself from the show, but his doesn’t look that refined for some reason.
This is off topic mostly.   I would buy and play a turn based AtLA game
I hope this annoys hard-core Smash players.   Haven't they wanted him in the game forever?
Would love tylee, azula, or zuko
Ming Hua would be sick in this
Get your im gonna main aang ticket here
does this game not have side specials? I dont think ive seen those mentioned
This game should have ultimate moves, they could be like final smashes.
I hope the growing popularity of this title even before release will really encourage them to add voice acting. It's lifeless without any kind of voices.
Yo lol he does the spinning marbles trick thing as his taunt 😂
Aang looks broken
“Lets talk about aangs air attcks” and this amazing music
Bruh you can knock people down and then grab these matches are going to be so short.
Aang in here is great. but they sure gotta fix Aang's face. because when he makes a taunt he makes the cursed face.
4:45 they are giving momo no credit
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates.🎈
Is there a way to start up a GoFundMe to increase the budget of this game? Still have it release but pour some extra money into it to smooth out animations and add some additional polish for like a 6 month in to a year update that can overhaul the game
No ultimates?
i already knew i was maining Aang, so i’m excited to see that he’s top tier. LOL can’t wait for this to drop
I hope they have toph too... I would have said katara but they already got Korra so I doubt it
pretty disapointing tbh
The TRUE REAL Smash Bros. So many bros will be smashing with this game.
animations look lazy and low budget. Good luck competing with real fighting games, the only competition this game will have is crap like PS All Stars, smash and Brawlhalla
Super smash bootleg
This is awesome, but i wish that aang had more bending moves instead of punches, and he's the avatar he should have more elemental moves other than air.
YESSS
His taunt is water marbles, my life is complete
So are there no ultimates or final smashes
Aangs down special should be renamed to “Air scooter”
I think i have just found my main
God if only they had some good animators on this game
Doesn't look good at all tbh and his specials should have leaned into avatar state more so we get something other than the wind stuff which doesn't look that great cept the air ball.
my main lookin nasty
Tiger King Coin($tking) can very easily be worth 100x it’s current price after Tiger King season 2 comes out on November 17  It’s Joe Exotic’s official crypto and the current market cap is only at $11 million
Uhhh, did the developers forget about aang and made a model in 20mins? Every other character looks good but this just looks fan made. His stance is really unnatural and his  face during the taunt looks f*cking awfull. Also the animations as a whole are just janky and cheap looking . Hope the devs fix this before releasing more characters in dlc
I can't take anyone who plays aang seriously with that victory animation
He doesn't seem to be too good....
The taunts will always be a meme reference  They really know what the community is doing on the internet
Garbage
My God the rage, he grabbed him off stage and threw him lmao jeeeesh gonna be a cold winter of broken controllers 😭😭😂
It's not "Air Ball", it's an air scooter!
For accurate tarot prediction on success and love that truly resonates,  do drop in a visit at http://www.youtube.com/c/SuccessAndLoveTarot
. . . Why is his Air Scooter only called “Air Ball”?
Why do you pass through the opponent after hitting them sometimes? Gotta fix that for sure.
Just play ultimate
This is awesome
Game looks so bad I get the feeling of puking for some reason.
https://youtu.be/m8g9wpTPZwU
https://youtu.be/m8g9wpTPZwU
omg avatar squad gonna be op lol closest thing to anime in the game
I love that they didnt even feel to make a special announcement.  They just simply  released the footage because everyone already knew
Was hoping for more fluidity in his animations since he's an Airbender. Everything just looks like jarring typical fighting game punches and kicks. To me it doesn't feel that much like Aang, but some other fighting character with an Aang costume
Didn't expect Aang Showcase this quick!  He looks good and the taunt is perfect 👌
Ngl Kora hits harder and seems better than ang xd
He's the Avatar, but every single move is airbending except for neutral special above 100%? I guess this is the Aang from the beginning of Book One or something - unfortunate and uninspired
Giving the "Avatar" only air based attacks and a stupid "Avatar state" attack is beyond stupid.
Aang winning and then dancing so goofy is somehow super disrespectful.   I LOVE IT
Dang this character has some fast schmovement
I miss this show.
why they call it air ball and not air scooter?
I'll be waiting for that Toph DLC
https://youtu.be/UYw8ydCp54U
Wow this StoneBridge Mix is fire 🔥 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAZDCkFECuQ Mama India [Reloaded] (StoneBridge Mix)
He looks amazing, like a monk shiek with air bending. Can't wait to see people wave dash with
Congrats Aang!
I was expecting Aang to fight passively, like the ba gua fighting style he does in the show. Aang doesn't seem like the character that punches and kicks directly
aang is the avatar where is his other elements!!!
Momo made it into the game, thats a victory for me
i like  how in theses showcases for characters its usually just everyone beating the shit out of either SpongeBob or Patrick
No one gonna mention how deformed his face looks during the taunt lol
WTF THE FAN base of avatar is here’s
Ou est ZUKO
Well my interest in this game has skyrocketed
Is Invader Zim gonna be in the game? Aang is cool too.
3:29 Ah gottem ggs
he looks awesome
Omg its basically sonic
this is 100% gonna be the sweaty try hard character
4:33 his face during the taunt looks so weird, gonna assume that’s not the final version.
That grab he did to Patrick off-stage by the blast zone was disgusting. Patrick bottom tier confirmed
His animations look God awful but I really love his fighting style:)
Yo can we get the angry beavers in here?!?!
In issue I keep seeing is the moves are all pretty boring. Also kinda boring how the air moves are just copies of the move on the ground. First Danny Phantoms moves were so uninspired for what the character can do and now this. Hes the avatar yet he almost only uses airbending. If your an element wielding character why would a majority of your moves be punches and kicks? Even for just normal hits you couldve had fire punch, rock punch etc.
Only thing I dislike about this version of Aang is how his glider unnaturally stays glued to his back. Other than that, his move-set and model are PERFECT. I also appreciate how they didn't forget that Aang isn't just a "badass", but also a goofy kid.
*Hey, to you reading* .... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
And in just 11 hours this became the most viewed showcase
He looks very generic, disappointed tbh. Plus the neutral special animation is unforgivable bruh 💀
THE BEST SHOW NICKELODEON EVER HAD!!!!!
Wow theses move names are so creative 👏👏👏👏👏
man these animations suck
I wanted Aang’s taunt to be the marble trick, and then I learned to be careful what I wished for— his face during the taunt is scary!
Yo, so this is season 1 aang? Haha! Big nerf to the first avatar! Barely any other elements represented in him
Anyone else peeved at how terrible the fight animations are? I mean look at 5:43 and tell me that isn't the most awkward attack animation ever. Aang is one of the most nimble fighters ever and he looks straight stiff AF here it's insane wow.
well this looks pretty bad. Why didn't they just make a Shippuden  style game with just avatar characters. They have enough characters now after Legend of Korra for a full roster. This looks cheaply made and underwhelming
What outside of Aang riding on the air ball and taunt is inspired by the show? All of this feels like they built a generic character first then put an Aang skin over with some white lines for wind. They really did Avatar dirty between Aang and Korra (yet somehow Korra got more disrespect than Aang with not having a single thing from her kit reference the show.)
the animations look weird?
I like that Patrick is always the training dummy
6:02 You mean to tell me that you can edgeguard by doing the DK cargo throw in midair
What's the point of being Avatar if most of the move just one bender style
The lack of voice lines is a big downer for me tbh, thats one of the main appeals of getting all these cool nostalgic characters for me
I wish they did more with his bending. But rly cool that he has his air scooter, is fast and has the avatar state mechanic. Thought that was rly cool.. hyped to play him regardless but would've loved to see a bit more creativity with him.
That Idle stance is cursed lmao
I would kill for an Avatar 3D battler.
zzzzzzzz is this a new game?  (no its just ssb skinned)  oh okay
I love avatar
horrible moveset, doesn't capture the fluidity of airbending at all
I’m a little surprised he mostly uses wind for most of his moves but it’s fine
This character looks cracked
thats the main character of the game.
Question: if you press up, is that also a jump?
Maybe its just me but this game doesn't looked polished at all and what happens to Aang's face when taunting. There is literally a cut in his character models head.
lol Super Smash Bros.
I get that it’s not an avatar game but he is THE avatar, I think the least he could get is another element besides air
I'm very disappointed
Unrealistic. Aang's glider didn't get disarmed once.
Kinda a shame that he only airbends, but he looks like a lot of fun and I can't wait
seems like a missed opportunity that he doesn't do attacks of any of the other elements and/or cant swap between them. the whole point of an avatar is they can master all four elements. this is like aang before he knows anything other than air.
Just make an Avatar MMO already!
https://youtu.be/r9xWKBVkQ24
This stage music makes me want to jump off a building.
I will main him
I was hoping Aang would be more of a stance character, I guess it'd be hard to balance all four elements in though. Honestly the Avatar series is so heavily rooted in combat that you could make an entire fighting game around it, and I think a lot of people would be down for that. Maybe something akin to Power Rangers Battle for the Grid, or MVC, easy to pick up with some complexities available.
This game is so empty and soulless without any voice acting.  The gameplay definitely looks fun but it's really strange how did they didn't opt for that.  Even Smite has voice acting for some nick skins and I'm sure Nickelodeon has way more $$$ than Hi-Rez...
I wish they made more use of the fact he can control all 4 elements. It's disappointing. I'm not sure if it's for spoiler reasons or some shit, if it is that would be dumb af
I didnt expect aang to make me laugh so much lol
3:28 Ayo training mode menu reveal?????? Forget Aang this is the real hype shit here
that taunt lmfao, so good
Ok, there just choosing not to showcase Zim to annoy Invader Zim fans.  I actually am happy Aang is in the game, just annoyed about the Zim thing.
Sad that they didn't give him more elements to work with outside of his neutral special. He's the original and best avatar, after all, so he really deserved more respect.
avatar yes
Imagine if they made appa a character in this game.
I was here before it started #12 on trending
My favorite Nickelodeon character and planned main is was nearly perfectly designed here. The staff and melee attacks are actually more balanced in presence than I imagined. Airball and wind breath are here like I expected, as well as certain staff moves. Managing to get an Avatar State move in there without a super/ultimate system is awesome and serious dedication; thanks to whatever designer made that happen. Now. . . I know Aang himself favors the wind element, but he is still the avatar and knows how to use the other elements well enough, so I am a bit disappointed that Earth, Fire, and especially Water don't have their own individual attack. I figured water would have at least one slot, as well as fire. Earth is like his least favorite, I think. I've seen people try to defend this by saying the other Avatar characters will use the other elements, but that's not whatsoever a solid argument against the complete lack of other element attacks on their own for Aang. The argument would only be effective if Aang has a variety of attacks consisting of all the elements that would (kinda) compromise the specialty of the other characters, not one or two for them. Going to see Korra after this and continue from there. There's also a specific wind projectile move I figured would be in here, though his Tornado Strike move is somewhat similar enough to it. Otherwise, I'd give his design a solid A out of S.
So, no endlag?
My name is Ong, and I'm the Ovatar.
and anng megoste
He looks so bad, WTF.. This was probably one of the most anticipated characters and they did him so dirty. Sorry Avatar fans.
I feel like they should add this too pc cause I’m not a big console player.
I have to say, his animations are really off-putting to me.  Part of what made ATLA so cool was that the characters' moves/fighting style were directly based on real martial arts (iirc, airbending is based on Ba Gua). I mean no offense to the animator(s), but what we have here looks nonsensical by comparison, and makes me seriously question how much research/referencing into the source material the animator(s) did.  His idle animation looks to be based on Aang's iconic stance in the series (again, based on real-world martial arts/fighting), but ingame it comes across as incorrect. It just looks off in terms of structural integrity/practicality (why is he leaning/teetering downward like that?) not to mention awkward/silly. This is a confusing issue to me because I would think the animator would have plenty of reference material in the series to base the animation on.  Very disappointed the show's real martial arts roots aren't reflected to any meaningful extent in his attacks, but I could live with it if the animations still looked convincing and cool to me. Unfortunately, they look similarly awkward/silly to the idle animation in my opinion ("wind chop"/light down looks especially ridiculous in my opinion).  Also I find it strange/off-putting that he doesn't seem to be bending for a lot of the attacks. He's just sorta... Whacking them.  At least he looks fun gameplay-wise, but I'm pretty disappointed :/  Again, nothing but respect for the animator(s) (I'm sure it's way harder than I can imagine), but I really hope this can still be cleaned up.  If anyone is interested in ATLA's real martial-arts roots, here's a great article :) https://www.menshealth.com/entertainment/a32689010/avatar-the-last-airbender-martial-arts/
This game is 12 in trending keep that in mind…
That up strong looking kinda broken. Definitely looking like the stronger avatar, as it should be.
He looks pretty cool, but I'm not totally on board... * Taunt is the marble trick * Never mind, he's perfect!
A very quick peak in the training mode menu at 3:28 you have to go frame by frame as its there for only one frame in the video
Did we get the glass cannon sheik archetype yet? If not does aang count cause i have no idea
Character looks just like me wow!
Why not eastern air temple? Hes from there
Yes!! I was waiting until the Avatar people were added.
Give us shimmer and shine you cowards
Why does Korra look better modeled than Aang?  Nonetheless, he looks tier 1.
aang gives me some bayonetta vibes
I wish he used his staff a bit more, his range is just horrendous. Still cool though.
Sheik with Terry's GO Meter. That's gonna be fun to deal with online, I can already tell.
Justice for PTM
A decent avatar last airbender game? Well - no but its Smash.
Angus victory animation is from super brawl 2
NO THIS IS PATRICK
HIS TAULT IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS HOPING IT WOULD BE.  perfect
So no voice acting?
Okay I’m not gonna lie I’m quite disappointed by this .I was really hoping aang and korra to be more projectile based characters since that’s how we see them fight in the show and that’s how bending works heck smash bro’s handed characters with bending like ability’s much better   Also why is all of aangs moveset air bending based what’s the point of calling him the avatar of he can’t access other elements at least give him water bending which is his second best element .Guess I shouldn’t have kept such high expectations from a game produced by Nickelodeon
His poses feel off somehow. Too leaned over for one, especially when on his wind ball. Many others feel off. Just a note.
Haha yes. Aang is gonna be a fun and annoying character to use. This is my main along with Michaelangelo!
We need an Avatar fighting game- no, an Avatar game PERIOD! It can be fighting, open world, I don't even care. But Nickelodeon man, hook us up and make it happen!  Also, All-Star Brawl's about to be bussin' now that Aang and Korra are here.
Why it called air ball? It’s his air scooter…
Why are they so quiet?
..............................more ON THIS ,,,,,,,at our- music show:   http://piaf.triaccess.org/fv.aac
they know he was a master of all four elements right
"And his down special is: herbal!"
We now get to see the Obscurity of a match between Aang & Oblina.
Korra reveal: _crowd groans_ Aang reveal: _crowd goes fucking mental_
You'd think he'd actually use a wind projectile (at the very least something that blows a character away like Mario's fludd), but no...
My main now.
most of the characters in this game look pretty blursed, but aang just looks straight up cursed lol
HOLY SHIT HE'S ACTUALLY BAYONETTA!
This moveset is garbage. Doesn't represent Aang accurately at all. Aang doesn't punch or kick. He bends the elements. I've seen a better moveset in Mugen.
Someone should edit 4:49 so there's five extra minutes of awkwardly watching Appa
Seems really strong
Poor Patrick lmao  What did he do to deserve this
He says appa so weird lollll
So it looks like Patrick is getting to be the test dummy this time around.
I thought he was going to have the ability to blow everyone off the stage
I hoped avatar state would of been like an Arsene comeback mechanic
Its unbelievable that the characters have half the attack inputs compared to smash, and yet all the characters also fight the same. what a weak ass game.
It feels kinda weird seeing Aang physically punching and kicking people lol
6:02 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OH SITH
Aang doesn't kill Aang:
5:27OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Thank you for putting Aang in the game. You have secured my purchase by doing so
Who'd win in a fight: Book 1 Aang/Katara/Zuko vs Prime Tenzin?
4:39 AYEEEEEEEEEEEE
4:22 NANI????????????????????????????????
3:38 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH OKAY BRUH THEY GOING DUMMY RN WTFFFFFFFFFFFF.
2:39 BRO WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
2:08 WTFFFFFF THAT UP SMASHIS  SO COOL BRUH. (2:09 HUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH?????? OOOOOOOOOOOOOOH🥶🥶🥶)
Aang’s kit is dope the only downside is his neutral special cause I wish it was a really strong air blast but, it works for utility. I do like the avatar state past 100% tho.
pour patrick
1:38 OOOOOOOOOOH
1:29 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
dope
THE TAUNT IS PERFECT OH MY GOD
can u guys add subtitles its hard to understand coz theres no english narrator again
0:49 ost fire
0:20 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH WTF HOL UPPPPPPPPPPPpp
Probably my main
That Aang 0-death was so clean
I want to see supers in this game along with alternate costumes. Also, I want to see Katara and Zuko as reps.
I feel like one of his specials should have been a blast of wind that pushes things around.
LESSGOOOOOOO!
HOLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH I POPPED OFF BRUH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSIR  AANG AND KORRA 🥶🥶🥶🥶.
"I'm a pacifist, but..."
Book 1 aang is marth
Wow Aang's Victory Animation is the same as the victory animation he does in Nickelodeon Super Brawl Universe
*his stage is literally the best one out of this whole game. Mainly cuz appa. But his moves were meh to me tbh*
ngl it feels kinda weird that Aang straight up punches and does kicks. I know he probably never done it in the show because of rating issues, but it feels out of character...
They really just made a faster bayo. GG
How did they manage to make Aang look worse than all the other models?! And the poor Appa only stares to this horror, withouth lending a hand on is pal, wich is canonically inaccurate! What's worse is that Aang, the peace bringer and goofy kid, is in a frickin' platform fighter! And he uses attacks against ENEMIES! He is betraing is filosofy!!!
The model looks weird, but then again every Avatar video game model does
Estaría más chido con poderes más gráficos y poderes especiales de cada personaje 🌈👁️🌐🕊️💜✌️
Clarity change : Aang's down special should be named air scooter as that's the name of the technique in the show
YOOOO THIS STAGE'S TRACK IS KINDA FIRE
So how will this work on a Gamecube/Switch controller? Are all the light attacks A button+direction, strong attacks C-stick, and special attacks B button+direction?
Finally a real stage
little disappointed he didnt get his iconic wind blast projectile, in place we got an awkward staff spin. but other than that he looks like alot of fun
This just makes me want a dedicated Avatar fighting game similar to the Naruto Storm series
"Fighting, rosters, attacks, and DLC's 🎮🤜"
It would be better if he had a sephiroth type mechanic to we're if he's at a disadvantage he stays in an avatar state with a 1.3x multiplier like sephiroth and turns back when things are more even instead of it just being used for one attack
Am I the only one that waited for there to be more variety to his moveset with the other 3 elements? Until that, all we got was his Avatar State. Personally, I feel like that’s waisted potential. 🥺
This game looks good but why is everyone so hyped about it?
His fighting style is nothing like air bending and his animation on the ball is weird as well as his taunt. Looks like Aang but doesn't feel like Aang. But I guess I'm putting too much into a Nick clone.
HIS TAUNT IS EVERYTHING OH MY GOD
Are you sure this isn't actually Zaheer, because my boy doesn't want to let you breathe.
Its weird seeing Aang hit people physically
Am I the only one not so hype about the game? All the characters I have seen thus far (minus Nigel) seem similar as far as movement speed, light attacks and fame data. Idk, seems like they could've been more creative. Still many people are hyped and I hope they enjoy the game. Ima just stick to smash.
I expected more visual flair for an Avatar character. :X  This game is also missing some character unique mechanics like Smash had, to me anyway. Some exclusive meters or resources that better define playstyles and personalities.
The music in this stage is absolute garbage tho
6:00 aren't we going to talk about how hard aang destroyed patrick in that stock?
Top tier
So he's Falco then?
aang and korra had the potential to be one of the most interesting platform fighters. but as i predicted aang is the same as all the other characters.   they could have at least made his light attacks all use the staff and his 4 specials could have been element projectiles with unique properties, but they didnt do any of that.   they could have just made the neutral special change elements and make a moveset for each one. so many possibilities but they went with another generic mash character.   if korra or toph arent cool this game is going to be an easy pass for me.
His combo potential and the way his moves chain into each other... I'll re-consider maining Aang instead of Danny Phantom!
WHY has no one mentioned THERE IS NO MOVE STALLING 2:21 strong down did 15% each time
ok im sorry but aangs model is so ugly lmfaoooo
If I were the devs I would have made his moveset flow into each other kind of like Bayonetta primarily because airbending is based off Bagwa and all about circular motion but I suppose I can't get too picky. Still awesome nonetheless
This dude just fucking pronounced apppa
Ugh lets be honest, the animations looks terrible, and the hit sound like wtf soooooo cheap but love the renders of the character select
It was at 2:09 that we all knew some one will find at least 2 0 to death combos before Day 3 of the game
6:03 The moment you realize how crazy grabbing in the air is.
Wtf is wrong with his taunt face? His arrow literally clips through his head
i saw that training mode screen for a split second, neat that theres frame by frame and hitboxes
1st pick for my main fashoooo
Avatar state its a warp
THE AVATAR HAS RETURNED
Is it just me or are slot of the weak attacks on all the characters very similar. I'm surprised in the lack of variety between characters.
Do these characters have a ultimate move like Smash?
Can't wait for a thumbnail saying Aang has go sauce.
Imagine if they add like Avatar Roku, Avatar Kyoshi, man this game has potential.   The DLC could be even better, they could agree with other networks & share their characters (Like how MK does their guest characters)
This wasn’t even a surprise, they know damn well they can’t make a nick fighting game without Avatar reps     And also it was leaked....again ;-;
“Air ball”???? I think you mean air scooter. This game looks fun, and I know some people are saying that it’s meta might be better than Smash’s, but from what I’ve seen a lot of the move sets seem kinda lame - mostly punches or kicks or pushes. It doesn’t look like there’s a whole lot of individuality in the move sets.
I'm gonna be an Aang main day 1, he looks so fun! The avatar state move looks super cool too
they've been upping the combo ante
Would be my main for sure.
Even in a fighting game Aang barely uses his staff lol
definitely top tier
Missed the opportunity to call spinning staff boomerAANG
somebody please fix his face when he taunts please and thanku
Really wish he had more moves that showed the other elements
I hope that is we ever get Timmy Turner we get a reference to his horrible special in super brawl 2
Aangs stage music sounds like something you'd hear from a Crash Bandicoot game.
aang is the most cracked so far but reptar lookin ridiculous too
Main !
If this were me show casing my game I would have the cpu set to highest difficulty not this launching 0.5 attacks per minute crap
Confirmed. The taunt is the cork thing where he makes that stupid face. This game is officially amazing.
I’m a bit disappointed on the hitstun of the up tilt  and some of the other light moves compared so some other characters, worried that escaping his combos will be easier than a lot of the cast plus the lack of kill options  Maybe I’ll be wrong on release, I’ll still love a low tier baby tho
Honestly, I just came to see if the taunt was gonna be "check this out" I wasn't disappointed.
At first, I hated this game, but now...
Aang: Taunts  The crowd: WOOOOOO!!!!!!!
As long as there are no voice work in this game, whether you play Aang, Spongebob or Patrick it doesn't matter. It's just meat against meat. In Smash, when you blast Mario with DK's Giant Punch, hearing that "oomph" from Mario reminds you who you are fighting against. Come on guys. Voice lines. PLEASE !
Needs voice acting
If this game had final smash I would like to see aang go avatar state making the elements go stronger.
His neutral special might make a better jab. Also forgot to mention Momo is in the background!
I... I don't like his taunt.... please don't ever use that taunt
Okay Aang has to have the best taunt in the game, reference wise
Worst character moveset yet this Aang is pure azz
I am pretty disappointed. I felt they could have done so much more than what we got....
Not gonna lie I'm hella disappointed in this Aang they only gave him Air moves he's the freaking Avatar he needed a bit more than just Air the Air Ball is good keep the staff fly keep but the staff spin wtf
Anger looks kinda busted. 😬
This is the most mobile character in the game free
hope they add voice acting, kinda seems dull without it
Ah, i was waiting his victory was the air control trick he does always 😔
Sees the victory dance  ! THIS VICTORY Dance seems familiar 🤔IS FROM SUPER BRAWL 2
yooooo i found my sonic for this game.
Tigress(kung fu panda) for the next character
Aang confirmed!  I knew I expected him when I saw this stage in a demo.   If he had an “All-Star” attack, it would be some ultimate Avatar State attack.   An alternate costume idea would be based on the time he visited the Fire Nation and suddenly grew hair.   His teammates Katara and Sokka would be great as assist characters.   Katara uses her waterbending skills and Sokka uses his blades.
Guys, idk... this game looks lie its lacking some serious polish. Animations look kinda rough.
I kept thinking of Sokka yelling "AIR BENDING SLICE!" the entire time    Also, Aang beating up Patrick has Gandii deploying nuclear bombs vibes
i love avatar but it's odd seeing their fighting styles not include any ranged when their powers are elemental and from what we've seen in the show
Aang top tier. Juggler
I'll be so disappointed if Squidward is not in this game
I was kind of expecting a bit more range on Aang if he was gonna be mostly airbending. Also kinda wish the 100% Avatar State was used on all his special moves to give him some real avatar flair, but otherwise looks fun. Making him an air-combo focused character seems appropriate.
Characters in avatar are projectile only. Benders rarely fight up close and yet neither aang or Korea have a single projectile
It kinda sucks that he doesn’t use every bending type. He is the avatar that’s his whole flow
I thought his moveset would have him use all 4 elements for random moves. sad he only has one.
they robbed donatello
I notice how characters don't respawn awkwardly out of thin air now. I'm so glad even this late in development the devs kept polishing the game.
Lazy design could of made him cooler
Wait... but they didn't even announce Aang, did they?
Honestly, I'm a little bit underwhelmed. I understand that Aang is the last airbender, but I feel as though Air shouldn't be what he's focused on. Now, for his up special (Glider) and down special (Air Ball), I can understand it, but take for instance Season 1, the episode where Aang tries to learn Fire Bending and accidentally hurts Katara in the process. That move could be a good down strong attack. The case and point is that there are so many more options.
Aang= shiek
was hoping all his specials had a avatar state variation
Best taunt ever
aangs getting banned, calling it
Is it just me or did GameMill really drop the ball with movesets for Danny Phantom and Avatar Aang? They lack the clarity and passion that other characters received.
Air ball? God damn it y’all had 1 job
I've seen enough to clarify Aang is the best character in this game.  for competitive play.
Oct 1 2021 I'm calling it now Aang in the right hands is top tier! His combo potential is off the charts plus he has insane mobility
Garfield for nickelodeon all-star brawl as dlc
I know it probably wouldn't work due to size issues, but imagine momo and appa tag team as a character
Would be cool if he had an "Arsene-style" meter that let him power up in a temporary avatar state... but I'm glad to see him in the game!
I’m actually disappointed, needs more work on graphics. Needs more detail. Animation is almost there.
"Air ball" isn't called the air scooter...?
I like how damaging him enough gives him access to the Avatar State. Nice touch.
No elements? Man missed opportunity
and anng and megoste
Taunt is funny
I wish aang had more of the avatar state special comebacks at 100%
I think that Asami would be awesome (and Jenny the teenage robot, by the way)
The lack of voice acting is really jarring here.
Holy shit he looks like he is SS tier
Not even a trailer, just a flat out move set video
I get that they have to have two avatars, but isn't the entire point of the avatar balance? Like, give Aang a special of each of his non-dominant elements, it's not like he doesn't have the other elements as skills at all. He can still focus on air while having a single move of water, earth, and fire. Hell, borrow something from each of his bending mentors. Or the silly octopus water move or something.
Yeah he’s the Avatar and all but goddamn he’s broken!
Ok
Why is his face so creepy for the taunt lol i know what its supposed to be but looks kinda off still cool though
Aang top tier, Korra high tier  Edit: just like the shows 😋
Animation could use more polish but it looks like a fun character.  My only disappointment is that he only uses air when a big portion of the show is about Aang mastering all four elements. Western Air Temple is his stage, and by that time in the show he was pretty much bending all 4 four elements. So its kinda weird that they went with S1 Aang with a S4 stage. Northern Water Tribe wouldve been a great location from the early show to fit with an earlier version of the character.
Thank you for getting Aang’s showcase
Did not expect this
Bro if they don't fix aangs taunt face
every time the announcer names a move inacurately it hurts a little. Aang invented a whole airbending technique dubbed the Air Scooter that escalated him to becoming an air bending master. But they just call it an air ball...
What a horrible Smash ripoff
TOP TIER ALERT 🚨
is this.. real life?
Jesus, the model
It's just me that would love an arcsys Avatar fighting game?
They did aang so much justice this my main main him and zim
patrick looks gay
ngl. he doesn't seem as powerful as the other characters
they should of added goku idiots
Not seeing the arrow tattoos on his hands! But otherwise looks awesome!
none of the characters are cool they are all lame nothing like smash bros
I like these he has mostly air moves but there rly should be more elemental stuff kinda disappointing ngl
ang is really suppossed to be dead
4:40 ... there are 6 platforms
AANGO! AANGO!
Aang gives me shiek vibes
Airbending slice!
I’d prefer a Shulk type play style where you’d switch between elements. This is pretty cool though 👍
He doesn't even drop his staff
So my guess is Korra will focus on fire and water bending, maybe another character to focus on earth bending. I’d love to see toph  as an earth bending representative
This game looks like pretty much everyone can get creative with combos and just kinda do stuff instead of having certain things you can do like in smash which is awesome
They added a few new verses, and like 3 new instruments to the background music. Much better!
Where is TOPH
Not true enough to the series. Everyone knows when aang goes into the avatar state he says "yipp yipp"
His taunt face kills me 😭but damn I think we found the shiek of this game
his down air is copied from Cloud specifically from Super Smash Flash 1
I love this so much but how did they mess up the name of Air Scooter??? Wtf is air ball 😭
Water Earth Fire Air
He honestly looks like the best character in the game to me right now. Incredibly fast. Great edge guarding. Great combos. Decent range.
I wish they implemented more elements in this maybe a downspecial to switch
His victory animation is hysterical! I LOVE IT! 😁😂👍
I'm upset that anng doesn't have more avatar moves
Are these videos from the current build of the game?  Or is this like an alpha build being shown off?  Just curious if this is the level of like, "visual polish" we can expect for the final game.  I'm noticing, e.g., that while Aang is riding the air scooter his model is basically frozen, there's no interaction between the character and the thing he's riding on.  Similarly with the glider or the spinning staff, the character model appears to just freeze.  I'm hopeful that Nick/Viacom is contributing some resources toward animation and sound design and isn't just making the dev team do everything.
This music lowkey a groove
I don't want to be, but I have to say that I am disappointed.  Avatar is known for having some of the most interesting creative fighting in any show and it feels like they barely pulled from any of the source material.  His down special and up special seem like the only moves that are AANG, where the rest feel like generic fighting game moves.
Aang’s taunt is hilarious. 😂 I was hoping each character had more than one and I was so convinced to buying the game but is there no voice acting? Not even slight grunts when landing attacks? :/
I that his Victory Animation is his Distraction Dance from Season 2
All I wanted from Aang was the hand slap victory dance AND WE GOT IT BOYS AANG MAIN DAY ONE LETS GOOOO
What is wrong with aang’s face when he taunts?
2:10 bro thats a fucking infinite.
What’s up with his face during the taunt?
aang main were you at
Aerials? Fast. Combos? Insane. Taunt? On point. Character? Broken. Air? Bended. Hotel? Trivago.
aang
Finally
No trailer?
No disrespect to the other presenters, but Thaddeus is hands down the best
Despite knowing Neckelodeon was never going to give them the budget to make this game a AAA brawler like Smash is. I'm glad it's so unique and actually has love put behind it unlike another game ( Playstation all-stars..). I hope it does well and if there's a second one they get the backing they need to make the game even better.
I feel like Aang was done extremely dirty here. :/
Is it just me or are the humanoid character models really ugly? Like no hate but they look a little choppy to me.
WHERE MY HOME GIRL TOPH AT??!!
lol the improvised dance for his winning dance
8:27 this 1-frame training mode pause menu tho
Shouldn’t the down special be called the Air Scooter?
Y’all seen the jab reset?
I was really hoping for different move sets you can switch between. One set for each element.
So classy, there's so much detail in this movement
I swear to god I want this game to have Jimmy Neutron & Xj9/Jenny so badly 🥺🥺
The music is actually better than the show.    I mean avatar's music was often pretty weak.  But it's great.
Wtf wheres the reveal?
There was only ever one option for aang's taunt, and im glad they picked it!
Still waiting for Timmy turner reveal
Why is no one talking about the geometry on the top of his head during the taunt being wrong? it looks like his face is plastered on
Am I the only one weirded out that he uses so many punches and kicks? I feel like that's a little weird for the character
Already wishing for that Azula DLC
aang is top tier
Aang with a his staff?! Genius, didn't see that comming.
So they put Melty Blood Type Lumina in here as well.
SHEIK VIBES
Was hoping for more fluidity in his animations since he's an Airbender. Everything just looks like jarring typical fighting game punches and kicks. To me it doesn't feel that much like Aang, but some other fighting character with an Aang costume
all i can say is, daang aang..
I kinda don’t like how 90% of his bending attacks are just airbending but it’s still a great moveset and I love the stage along with his render
I see lots of potential here!! 🔥
Aerial wind chop? Don't they own airbending slice anymore?
6:03 Did he just air throw him into the Blast Zone!?
If they add Sides Special moves and Ultimate Special Moves this Game would be Better.for example Michelangelo Side special Move: Running skate.
I hope one of his alt skin is him with hair
So korra get all the elements and aang only gets air bending
IM A AANG MAIN !!!!!!!
Wyuuuuuuatttyyyttt?!?!? Thats awesome!
Training menu sneak peek 3:28
Literally couldn't be better, I love this. Though it irritates me it's not called the air scooter
So, because of the preorder leak, we all know who the final fighter is.   Out of respect for those who somehow don't know, I won't say who it is.
You absolutely tell this dude has spent so many hours as Caillou
That Taunt face is haunting.
Instead of “Spinning Staff,” his Neutral Special should have a been a counter that, after charging 3 times, would allow the player to activate “The Avatar State” which changes the mechanics of his Special Moves for a short time (8-12 seconds). In the Avatar State, his Neutral Special becomes a projectile that alternates between all the elements. If charged all the way, he releases all four elements at once, but this takes him out of the Avatar State. His Up Special “Air Glide” becomes “Elemental Flight,” where he gets free flight while the elements spin around him (like Rob’s Up Special in Smash but with a hit box and a bit more horizontal mobility).   I can’t think of anything for an upgraded Down Special “Air Ball.” Does anyone have any ideas? Maybe like a Dash/Forward Charge?  Anyways, I feel like this addition of “The Avatar State” makes more sense for his character. The Air Benders’ whole idea is to use the opponent’s energy against them, so a counter makes a lot of sense. And in the show (in the beginning at least), the Avatar State only activated when someone was being attacked. I feel like more could have been done with this character; he is the Avatar after all! And it could all be balanced by decreasing the time the Avatar State lasts or increasing how many counters the player must land. The upgraded specials could also be slower.  Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk.
We need a representative of each element please !!!!!
I think I know why they only let Aang use his air element, it's because they used his S1 counterpart and not his end game counterpart, since he looked different in the end
Please add Toph as a DLC character!
Why's it air ball instead of scooter?
Most of the characters in this are so good that I don’t know who to main.
Sakurai would’ve done Aang better justice
4:02 Incineroar mains
Daanmmm this character is Craazyy
Raise your hand if you also predicted what Aang’s taunt move would be.
The animation looks so bad. looks like a fanmade mod lol And love the series and want to try this game but is so bad.
Criminal that zuko isnt in it
Aang's face when he taunts is horrifying 😭
Anyone else feel this stages theme is really REALLY repetitive?
FINALLLYYYYY!!!!!
I'm gonna be that guy and say. "Air Ball?" and not "Air Scooter?" Cmon
A character that makes sense!  Now for Jimmy at the candy bar and Timmy in Fairy world.
Imagine Disney makes their own fighting game? Mickey fighting like Ursula or something on the classic Mickey steam boat level...hmmm I can see it.
4:31 that face will haunt me. wtf is that 😂
It would be a seriously missed opportunity if Toph isn't in this gane
Without a doubt if this game had final smashes, he would have the avatar state
Everything about this character is lovable. You can tell that an extra amount of time was put into Aang's kit.
Not sure if it’s just me but every time I see this game I can’t help be feel that it looks unfinished and unpolished. Like this just looks like a very good fan made game in my opinion instead of an actual studio
Now I want Arc Systems Work to make an Avatar Universe Fighting game similar to Dragonball FighterZ
Poor Patrick getting the shit beaten out of him for our enjoyment
So far, I think I’m maining Aang and Lucy, and the only other characters I’m thinking will be in the running are Zim and Toph.
Kinda a shame Aang isn't zoner type character spamming projectiles like he was in Nickelodeon flash fighting games, but I can see why you made him this way.
4:30 WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR FAAAAACE
There is a clear difference in animation and model between the 2 avatars. Which is a shame, hope toph gets the Korra treatment.
Damn I wish the animations were better. Aang out of all the characters would benefit from some extremely fluid animations.
I would just like to know, Why are they saving Zim for last?
LET'S GO BABY AANG GANG REPRESENT
Aang seems so out of place in this game and I love it, this is easily one of my favorite inclusions here.
For his final attack, the Airbender takes all the air out of his opponent’s lungs and suffocates them with it-  …  Wait. That’s too much? Aang didn’t do that? /s
Hes gonna be low tier, hes a pacifist
Literally the only reason why I’m buying this game
If I ever get hit with that aerial grab cargo to death I'm refunding the game.
We need Timmy Turner next pls i loved that show
Kinda strange that none of his specials are ranged attacks and that almost all of his attacks are based on his staff and not other elements. Pretty disappointing :/
That taunt is Masterful!
He looks like Squirtle
Aang looks fun to play as.  But how will he fair in the Inspector Gadget matchup, I wonder?
LESSS GOOOOO
Best taunt ong
Ahh... The right choice. Before all the lore was screwed with the legend of Whorra...
Avatar The Last Airbender Book 4: The All Star Brawl
His neutral special looks pretty weird, other than that, they did Aang amazingly
I hate to be the party pooper, but I have to say, something about the game comes off as ugly to me, like some character models look and move all janky, and some animations just look wierd. Aang is the worse so far in terms of looks, even his neutral stance looks derpy.
Why am I getting sheik vibes
Disappointed that there’s no move titled “airbending slice”.
finally yay :)
That's Esam...
Cómo cuando dices Marco Villalobos en español XD
aang seems to have great frame data
You guys are really sleeping on the music. Could have some good tracks from each franchise.
About F-ing Time They Reveal Aang!
Aang is broken wtf
I feel the roster from Avatar, TMNT, and Spongebob can really fill this game with unique characters. Jenny the robot, Snap from chalkzone, crash nebula, and the crimson chin are on my wishlist
Wait a minute what happened to the Reptar Showcase? It was on youtube last time I checked.  But anyways HELL YEAH AVATAR TIME!!!
imagine spending 30 dollars for this game
Gotta admit, I'm a little sad that Aang has no moves that use elements other than air (his "element sphere" that he used against Ozai comes to mind, I think that was in some of the old Nick flash fighters", but at the same time I get why he would be focused on his base element while Korra focuses on using multiple. Aang never wanted to be the Avatar. All Korra wanted to be was the avatar. That, and Aang prides himself on his airbender lineage. So I get it.  (yes I based that specifically off things they said)  Edit: NEVERMIND I just saw the Avatar state ability. I am all for this. ^^
This is such a boring moveset
Aang’s victory is also a reference to his victory in super brawl 1-2 where he does his dance.
Danny he looks sick, I wish he did avatar things tho like other elements 😢
I wish more of the moves were directly from the show but at least the got the air scooter in the game. I wasn't sure how that move would translate to a fighter. A shame he's limited only to airbending. Also can't see him using that avatar state very often in this game. Seems pretty rare to make it past 100% damage. But it looks like he'll be OP when he does.
I'm so fucking hype after seeing aang and korra, give me the game NOW
I was expecting today’s character showcase to be zim or powdered toast man. But I’m okay with this due to being a avatar fan
Idk, kinda disappointed with this one. They put his staff on his back and only use it for like 3 moves and just make the rest generic chops, punches, and kicks that don't feel super Aang-like to me and that staff spin just looks and feels super out of place. Not to mention calling his air scooter "air ball" just kinda feels like they didn't really research the character.   I get if they wanna have him focus on air bending and leave the other elements to Korra and maybe Toph but all 3 characters have such different fighting styles I think they could've gotten away with letting the avatars use all the elements without any real overlap. I'll still play him and I'm sure he'll be fun, just a little disappointed with the lack of variety in his moveset.
His taunt is the bead trick! \o/
I'm a frame 1 Aang main
Dear Gamemill Entertainment, don't get me wrong: you have done a great job so far with the game! Aang looks like he is fun and quick to move and fight with. However I have the slight feeling that you developers did him a bit dirty by giving Korra the power of all elements and he only does one elements bubble when in rage/avatar state mode.
3:22 Brawl Pit: HIYEYEYA
Imagine an Avatar fighting game created by Arcsys. That’d be godly af.
Aang has the best taunt I love how he does the face as well. Also AWW appa!!
Ah yes let us all rejoice now as our one true main is here  Bless
Aang looks fun. Cabbage guy DLC would be too tier.
Finally, my main…
Aang has a bad idle stance. His fighting style is based off of real world martial arts.  Aang's fighting style is based off of Baguazhang. It's kind of like a more mobile version of Taichi that focuses on circular motions. (Lateral from the target opponent) In this regard, having a straight back, and slightly bent knees is important.  Also the focus on lateral movement means the feet are usually pointed to the left or right from the opponent. In this case, the feet are pointed away for some reason. The fact that his back is also arched and his torso is facing away from the opponent is odd to look at. Finally the stance appears extremely wide and grounded. The exact opposite of what you'd want to see from Aang. That's not to say that Aang doesn't have wide stances, but they're used evasively and you'll never see him stay in one for very long.
Aang is fing Terry are you serious.
Yes! I was waiting for this one
M’y mains
I love that they gave him air ball, such a good implementation too
I can’t believe they called the air SCOOTER. air ball..
He feels like shiek with his normal attacks doing not alot of damage.But strong attack and specials making up for it.He combos really good also.
His moves look boring and uninspired overall, but he looks fun anyway
Now we need Zuko and his goated uncle.
YESSSS
If you add Zuko, i will buy
We gonna ignore the fact aang GRABBED patrick midair and immediately revoked his living licence
Happy the character is in, kinda disappointed he only airbends instead of using all elements
Aang lookin more scary than ssb4 Bayonetta
I called his taunt from the moment the game was announced. It's perfect
I’m wondering if there be  will any other ATLA a characters for DLC. We know Toph is gonna be in the base game due to leaks.
They need to make the bending effects more prominent. It looks like he's just straight up hitting him with his fist. I love Aang, but his moveset doesn't look like he's bending at all.
This is fox + pikachu
Can you use the D pad in this game? If I were to get it for playstation.
Aang was done PERFECTLY
I hate to say it, but angry is looking a bit low teir
Oof they dropped the ball here
I forgot where i saw this but i read somewhere that theyre calling this community "Nickers" lmao. Probably from some dumb kid in the smash community that didnt think it through
I was literally just thinking about the Avatar characters for this game last night, and here they are!
I can already see all of the memes about aang and balance lol
wow, so you can smash attack in the air in this game ?
His character model looks a little weird in this style but eh he is one of the better looking characters
I better see some fairly odd parents and jimmy neutron reps
Personalmente me hubiera gustado más que sus ataques neutrales también cambiarán estando transformado, y igual Lucy en su modo vampiro y fantasma cambiaron sus ataques
I cant wait until they release Cabbage cart man.
That face is suuuuuuper rough....
That stage music was awful. The gameplay looks fine but every thing else looks kinda bad. Why is there no character voices? This game looks like it's not done yet.
YOOOOO THEY DID IT LETS GOOOOOO
Aang got nerfed hard. Can only use the other elements at 100%
Yup maining aang
Aang said its demon time and destroyed Patrick
Lets fucking go
The taunt is exactly what I hoped it would be.
Pretty stupid how he only has air attacks should have just added an air bender korra is technically the only avatar charavyer
They HAVE to add more sound effects. It’s like pretty unacceptable how bland it sounds. Especially the grab sound effect, wtf even is that it’s like a Christmas light turning on or something lol.
Wow, the Aang model actually looks really great!
I NEED ZIM
Aang, Korra, Toph, and Zuko is literally all I wanted to see and y’all made that happen with Aang and Korra thank y’all I been waiting for these two for forever now😂
Well .-. I'm an Aang main
Me: * sees the thumb nail and title * finally Also me: https://youtu.be/m-C-ApyyHBA
Huh, I guess they went with the sillier Book One route to have him better fit in with the rest of the roster.
What a bold choice, having his special bending moves have no animation whatsoever.
If we get voice acted story mode dlc this will be the smash killer!
They’re really saving PTM for the very end huh?
I think Little Z is going to love this game Edit: 3:28 here, you can see something interesting
They gave him Go!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoAbn2hszqA&ab_channel=Dak
God Aang is mad disappinting. Like not even giving him the other elements in his specials. Like sure Korra has it but like, it just makes Aang look so boring and incomplete.
I'm a girl who only likes to play girl characters, buuut Aang is so dope looking in this!! I'm definitely picking him up. Fun fact: He and Yugi Muto where my 1st "crushes" when I was little 🤣💕
OOOO 👀
NGL, I was kinda hoping Aang wouldn't have damaging attacks, but rather would be a bait and punish edgeguarding character all about knocking enemies offstage without hurting them, much like the pacifist master of neutral jing we all know and love.
I was hoping for Aangs lights to focus on his staff, his heavies to focus on air bending and specials to be the other three elements
Sigma Mindset: >Nintendo schedules their final DLC presentation the same day as All Stars >Leaks suspect that Nintendo is finally listening to their fans, releasing Sora from KingdomHearts    >Sigma All Stars BLOWS THEM OUT WITH ANNOUNCING AANG GG SSBU GG NINTENDO
IIYS FUCKING SHIEK!,!,!!!
No air projectiles???
Woooow give Korra some form of Avatar state too lol
Why is Aang only an air bender? You guys know he’s the avatar, right?
The Avatar series would be such a great choice for a series exclusive brawler type game.  It would be super awesome to fight as characters from ether Last Airbender and Korra.  Not to mention characters from the comics and/or potentially a new upcoming TV series.  Tenzin versus fire lord Ozai. Iroh versus old Toph.  Suki versus Ty Lee.  Kyoshi versus Korra.  So many fun matchups, it could be great.
I can't freaking wait to play this game. What's the price on release?
Wait a minute there's not a move that's just called air bending slice this game is trash
LETS GOO
the combo game, speed, and recovery already makes him pretty good
Now we need the cabbage merchant
How does one attack Aang while his is landing with the air ball? You don't?
He fuckin Patrick UP SHEESH
This is so disappointing. All of his attacks look the same and they completely ignored 3 of the elements. Just a lack of creativity and knowledge of the character by the design team.
Those particle effects on the wind sure look nice
They move so weird. Dont look like this game is for me. Also seems for people who really like the combo game. Thats never been my style anyway.
I hope we get naruto
Kinda wish ang used more of his elements as an actual avatar. A bit of fire bending water and earth would be nice. I'm happy with aang's game play type as a combo character but it looks more like season 1 aang where he could only air bend. I'm slightly disappointed because of that ngl.
2:10 WHAT THE HELL IS THAY
Aang was gonna be the deciding factor as to whether or not I'm getting this game, so cheers.
Kinda lame his move set didn’t feature all the elements but this is still really great. Now I gotta see korra
I love that they didnt even feel to make a special announcement.  They just simply  released the footage because everyone already knew
Where is the rest of  his bending moves
Ok I wasn't planning to buy the game, but now I am.
Understanding its in good fun, the character is specifically a pacifist....in a fighting game
I love how most of his moves are punches and kicks when I can’t remember a single moment where he punched/ elbowed/ kicked anyone from the show
isn’t he an avatar and not just an air bender
I don’t know I just kind of wish there was other elemental attacks in his kit. Like a down Special could have a piece of the earth rise up in front of him for example
Where is the trailer for Aang?
His specials are amazing, but I did hope for a little variety in terms of bending all elements. I'm contented👍🏼
the game suffered SO many leaks that they just said 'screw it' and just showed off all the characters.
I'm gonna be Avatars main :D
I guess its in line with Nick shafting and while trying to push Korra guess this aang cant use any elements besides air unless hes in avatar state
Shiek clone
That's it? He mastered 4 elements and all his attacks are with his staff with some occasional "wind" effects? They definitely went lazy. add fire bending motions or earth style kicks or water style!
YOOOO FINALLY
His animations look a bit stiff and unfinished, but other than that he looks like a really cool character!
Nice
remove the staff and make his up-b him sneezing he barely uses it to fight in the show anyways        + it actually got destroyed
I love how since we already knew about Aang being in the game, there was no need to release a trailer for him and skip straight to the moveset showcase
I do wish that he had more than one attack that showcased his other elements. But, overall, this was awesome.
Cant wait to be maining him!
i love that he taunts with the marbles but the 3d model looks really unfinished, they just grafted another face onto his face, and you can see the border where they did it, it looks like he's wearing a mask, very weird
Not a fan, no variety in bending. 1/10. Hopefully Korra gets more love.
Personally was hoping for a bit more variety in his moveset, but otherwise very nice! He seems like he'll be hella fun to play!
Animations look particularly rough with this character
I think they really missed a trick by having him only use airbending and a tiny bit of the avatar state. Like he's the avatar, shouldn't his moves reflect that better?
So many missed opportunities... No move called "airbending slice!"??? And his air ball is actually called Air Scooter in the show.
If Apa was an actual character in this game I feel like he would feel like Ultimate's K. Rool. His Smash would be just like K. Rool's too. I'm just glad him and Momo are in that stage as a reference.
He looks VERY good, holy cow. Can't wait to try him out!
Did Sokka name Aang's moveset? LOL
This gameacks a lot of the "OOF!" sounds from being beaten to scraps. Smash at least has characters grunts from big hits.  .maybe they'll add that in a later update?
I appreciate them giving Aang more air bending moves and giving the more diverse elements/Avatar stuff to Korra XD
The glider trick looks cool
Well, you can't spell Pacifist without fist!
I like Anng but was hoping to see more than just one element lol
Is that kid the avatar?!?!
the sound effects are borderline terrible, please sort this out, the game really has potential
Oh man, he's gonna be an absolute nightmare to fight against but so much fun to play as, I can't wait
Is this super smash bros brother?
He looks like he’s gonna be hard to play, only cause of disjointed hit boxes. The presenter looked like he was having a hard fine outing combos together
It looks awful
His model and some of his animation looks ROUGH man.....
Looks so unfinished tho.
I’m kinda disappointed that Aang only bends air in this moveset it would’ve been fun seeing his full potential
I can hear all the avatar fans screaming of joy rn 😭
okay the neutral special kinda lame, couldve been an air/fire blast. Or maybe you couldve made aang go into the avatar state past 100% where he gets a power boost/alt moveset that uses more elements for his special attacks.
The lack of representation from the other elements is highly disappointing, makes you wonder how they're gonna do Korra.
Aang never threw a punch in the og series
Thanks a lot sugar punch. Now I see key frames everytime.
Ang is a DLC character
Man, this character is so well done. It’s pretty much everything an Avatar could have hoped for (maybe some more bending would’ve been dope)
That was pretty dope, but wish he used the other elements to fight to
I only wish aang spun his staff with his hand and not with wind, otherwise, i think it's good
Daaaaamn he sucks
Is it just me or would it have been better to see him use the other 3 elements that he learned as well??
AANG GANG BABY
Giving me some G&W upB into down air kinda vibes
Huh, I was expecting more elements.
Pls sir, may we have Zuko as a dual sword super aggressive fire user!  And The Crimson Chin! And timmy too I guess. Jimmy Neutron also. And a power ranger.
i was expecting something similar to shulk when it come to switch element. or at least each heavy attack is a different element.
this makes ALL the sense in the world. much more stoked with this news.
We need zuko
The character breakdown I’ve been waiting for
RISE UP AANG MAINS
The game looks spammy, like the normal attacks have no impact at all and you can spam them with what seems like no lag
Know he's an Airbender but they could have included some of the other elements in his special except for his avatar state
If you weren’t already aware that this game is a joke due to the complete lack of character voicing, then you should know by now when you see *Avatar* Aang in the game with only one of four elements incorporated into his moveset.
1:18 and 5:34  hit from behind 💀
Honestly disappointed that one of the best characters nickelodeon has to offer looks like a low tier off rip
Wait we didn’t get trailers for Aang or Korra? 🥺
It depends on how good Aang's recovery and how good he is at killing off the platform but he might be really good
I don't think he approves of this as a pacifist.
That victory animation is goofy as frick.
Oof, that character model needs some work
You know i was hoping he would have a actual avatar moveset with the other elements, or a swapping mechanic, but i can see it's because of the other 2 reps and would be too much of a high budget.
did anyone else catch that YOU CAN GRAB IN THE AIR??! at 6:03
Ok, so Aang uses mostly Airbending moves right? So one could assume the same for Korra using Waterbending possibly. Then there's Toph with Earthbending and then...? Maybe Firebending DLC? Zuko I the obvious choice of course, but Mako could make sense so there's an equal amount of characters from each show.  Just something to think about.
Invader zim move set showcase when?
YESSSS
The game looks very good if it comes out at a reduced price. If not, you should work more on the animations and interactions because they look either sloppy or outdated.
Feel like they should have made Aang into more of a zoner, or at least have his move set be more than just wind. I mean, come on, he’s the avatar, master of all elements and yet he only uses air? Where’s the creativity? They took the character and made him literally only season/book one version. That’s just beyond lazy.
Personally, Aang prefers the air.
The Avatar, only using air in his attacks. If they are going to do this with Korra but with water then I hope for Zuko so we can have all 4 elements represented.
YE BABY! THATS WHAT I WAS WAITING FOR.
My only complaint is that he didn’t really use it the other elements other then for the neutral special.
The graphics and animations are so ugly and lazy, is hard to be excited, even with aang on it.
I am just waiting for po and one of the  power rangers (hopefully samurai) to be dlc
Let's Goooo
The animation looks so stiff in this game. But hey what can you expect from a literal smash bros ripoff
Cant wait till they add Zuko
I’m surprised he doesn’t use windboxes, but I guess they couldn’t figure out how to program it in.
my main right here
Honestly him not using all 4 elements ain't really a problem to me. Air is just his BnB and that's just fine. However, I don't think his moves are creative enough. Like there's not many moves like where he uses his staff and expand his bending. That would've been perfect for his strong attacks
Did you just call the Air Scooter the Air Ball?
The only thing bad about Aang is he doesn’t have an air projectile and the stage music is kinda whack but everything else is cool.
Hubiera estado chido que en cada golpe soltará un elemento. Por ejemplo en los golpes fuertes que saliera e elemento tierra y en los ligeros agua etc 😢 pero fue 100% aire
“No we already have a ‘Sakurai Presents’ at home”  The “Sakurai Presents” at Home:
This game is gonna suck
you take the one character who knows every type of bending and only give him air bending attacks? real disappointing
Bruh- Aang looks tiny compared to Patrick this is hilarious-
Wind Chop?  Dont you mean AIRBENDING SLICE!  p.s I wish Air Ball was called Air Scooter but the communtiy will fix that
"I'm here for the long combos" main that's me
Imagine what Project M will do with this.
Aang is Sheik, lol
It would have been cool to see his ground heavy attacks be the other 3 elements at least, like a water strike for mid, an upwards flame for high, and a ground slam for low.
Ah yes a Nair Bender
Aang, Danny Phantom, and buttertoast man. so many characters i want to main. this roster keeps getting sicker. i wonder if we will get any other avatar or korra characters.
4:00 incineroar mains
ngl I really dislike how over the top the hit animation is in this game. It obscures some of the cool moves and makes them all blend into each other. They really need to tone down the effect as it is unnecessary and clutters up the screen. Or at the very least make the hit effects unique to each character. Doesn't make sense for someone to be hit by wind and then explode into purple confetti.
The taunt looks kinda bad. Idk if it's the eyebrows but it looks like he is wearing a mask on top of his face 😅
Why is patrick always the punchbag :(
The only thing I'm disappointed about is the fact they didn't name any attack " Airbending slice "
If Zuko is announced as a DLC fighter I will drop Smash Ultimate just to main him in this game
Thats so stupid, he could be using air water fire wind, instead he just hits you with his hands and staff, wtf?? So much wasted potential, i was just going to but this game for aang but now im just dissapointed
Look guys! It's shiek! Top tier?
I’m just gonna say it, his taunt looks terrifying in 3D when you look closely to it.
oh look its joker, maybe he'll be my main?
He’s so small compared to Patrick, lol
Looks like shit
his character model looks terrible, but man he looks like he plays fun!
Where are all the other bending powers? why does he only have air and the avatar state? other then that i think he's designed well
they butchered my boy
AIRBENDING SLICE!
so bad......It's like they are using the bare minimum resources for this project and funneling the rest to something else
I expected Aang to be a lot more like Pokémon trainer where he would switch between the four elements
erm... 🤔
Day one main.
Is this the equivalent of Sheik?
The music is awful, but the rest looks good
I’m still blown away that we have no Timmy Turner and Jimmy Neutron
was hoping for more of all four elements rather than 99 percent air but hey he still looks like great fun
I get that Aang is definitely an airbender at heart, but it is a little disappointing that his moveset doesn't include the other elements. "Master of All 4 Elements" is kind of the Avatar's thing.
wake up babe, aang showcase just dropped
3:28 The training menu can be seen for one frame
Aaahh yes the only character I care about in this game              Well I like Danny phantom too
he looks kinda scuffed..
What is odd because I already predicted some of his move set.
3:28  " display hitboxes" and a " frame by frame" option in the menu
Why is his strong up called "rising wind kick" and not "flying kick-a-pow"?
Well, at least he has 1 (one, singular) move where he's actually the Avatar lol. Way more boring than I thought he'd be. Whoever made him doesn't seem to have watched much Avatar: The Last Airbender past reading that Aang is an Airbender lol
Aang>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Korra
They snapped on aang
ngl kind of disappointed with the range on his light and heavy attacks when in the show his air attacks covered a lot of distance so it makes no sense to have such a small hitbox on them judging from the trailer
I think its safe to say that aang is the next fox mcloud
While I am super excited for the game and especially the avatar characters, I'll always feel that the animations and sound affects feel very off to me, very stiff animations that dont flow nicely and makes visual clarity hard is kinda a bummer, while I know the budget is small, Rivals of Aether is made by mostly one guy and the animations are buttery smooth and also pixel art so its arguably harder to make those feel so smooth. Also the knockback strength and angle after hits is very strange, almost like a cross between smash 4 and melee.
I was hoping that aang had like all the elements. Like down special changes the element you were using but only for a set amount of time maybe a minute or so. But overall I have no complaints
BRO! THEY GAVE AANG RAGE !!??!
*_Aang_*    _Blows you away!_
I hope we get more avatar characters
a very stiff smash bros game? why did this get in my recommended :D
Feeling kinda weird seeing Aang actually hit someone lol
yo guys check this out
His model looks so goofy
Yes! Now all we need is Jenny!
I really didn't expect Aang to be in this, cool
AANG APRIL top 2. done.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This games items are gonna be icons
I wish that there were some more iconic airbending moves in his moveset. Also, I wish that he wasn't all melee.
Ima main him
Air ball? Not air scooter?
I hope we get Toph, Zuko or Katara too.
I was expecting the 4 elements in the special attacks, but well
someone made a slip-up while editing at 3:28, training mode is leaked! we got the slap city training mode (unless they change it before release, but i doubt it)
This is super cool. A bit weird that he only has airbending moves (with the exception of i guess the avatar state) but I gueess with the other benders being in the game we’ll get their styles in there
His taunt is perfect. I Wish we had a version of Agni Kai as the stage music though but fucking licensing and budget smh
This Was Unexpeted
The animations in this game look so stiff
I wonder why it's called air ball and not air scooter
I'm in smash!  Aang looks fun, not sure how I feel about his lack of range (unless staff has a lot of range) and KO power though
neutral special looks so god awful
Aang: is a pacifist.  Also Aang: most hyped character in this fighting game lol
Can't wait to be juggled for 10 minutes then be called trash by every single Aang main ever
It’s not rocko but aang is a really memorable character and I’m glad he’s back
holy shit aang is so ugly lmao, movest looks kinda dope tho seems like they took a lot of inspiration from sheik
They really didn't do the avatar much justice in terms of potential. This isn't even complete Book 1: Water Aang, this is him fresh out the ice.  He had potential to be a lot more.
For a split second, i could see a training mode menu with a Frame-By-Frame feature.
SOLD!!! Take my money!!!
Damn about time
I think his grab looks weird as he just holds the opponent with one hand instead of using his air bending
6:01 *ARE WE JUST GOING TO IGNORE THE FACT YOU CAN GRAB IN AIR!?!*
His move set looks like Game & Watch and Bayo combined
YES OH MY GOD FINNALLY LITTERALLY THE CHARATHERS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS WHOLE TIME
it's kinda sad that aang's whole thing is that he can bend all the elements yet he only has 1 or 2 moves that aren't air
I keep thinking this is a fan made project. But it’s so polished and so clean.
Wait did they ever even reveal him? XD
LET’S GOOO
My boy Patrick is just a punching bag. 😭 No wonder his pants turned yellow.
:O
is anyone surprised at anngs move set? didn't think so
this game honestly looks so whack avatar characters cant even save this smh
The fastest I'd clicked on a video
What is that hitbox at 5:35 lol
His model looks like shit
This moveset is so lame why is his range so short. Needs at least 1 ranged bending move...
No reveal, no tease, no nothing, they just thought “fuck it, everyone already knows he’s in the game”
You'd think with Airbending he'd have more ranged options. Also for having the Avatar State as move it looks pretty unimpressive.
Damn aang like human size, and that makes Patrick a fu king huge aquatic ass starfish  marine biological n shit
Neutral special should have been an airblast=fireball that causes knockback
I feel like they didn't build him right. Aang should be quick and good in the air yes while being lightweight (easy to knock around), but his attacks should be low damage but fast with great reach and range. They really seemed to drop the ball by not making him a better reach and range player.
Okay but ZIM?!
its official. Every human like character looks incredibly ugly, poorly animated and unpolished. Animated characters like patrick, reptar, cat dog etc look well done. This games lack of visual polish aggravates me. i dont need smash quality but jesus lol  dont even get me started at how terribly disappointed I was with danny phantoms showcase.
His version of the Happy happy Joy Joy dance. 6:29
The taunt is exactly what I wanted and it’s glorious
These are the most stiff and lifeless animations I have ever seen in a platform fighting game. Are these devs actually just receiving no funding whatsoever?
oh no
Won’t kill the Firelord.  Will sign Patrick‘s obituary.
our boy literally has only 1 avatar move, all the rest is only airbender stuff
Wish they gave him moves with the other elements too
The lucario of this game
i think they forgot aang is literally the avatar. water, fire, earth, wind. not just wind. his combo set is the same move over and over
His animations look unfinished
Top tier for sure
I love how fast he is.
Had yes, down vote boy
I think they're going to showcase Toph very soon. 😃
I like him, but I was expecting more of the other elements, rather than the strict focus on Airbending. Hoping Korra scratches that itch.
Game looks fun. But they did a horrible job with the animations. They don't fit any of the characters movement and orginal animation styles like smash does. These are just generic moves that could be placed on anyone.
Ok i think that many of us expect more than just air, maybe could use fire in strong atacks, a rock slide for the down tilt a water wall or anything like that, now i think that korra only is gonna use water, toph earth obviously and for dlc a fire nation rep
Did we notice a possible rising wind kick Infinite folks?
Why does he get a weird skin mask when tauning?
6:03 😐
AANG who would have tought ! (clownemoji)
I hope Zuko gets added
Yo they finally revealed these guys
awesome
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!!! smash main - ZSS, NASAB main - aang!! this is amazing!!
Oh god it’s game and watch
This show and korra are the two issues with this games art style
He has the peach up b
Wooooaaaaah
They did it again.they added the meme again
His taunt face scares me xD
You know, I gotta give them awesome amount of credit: they could've just given him some familiar moves and make some playstyle outta that, but they didn't simply made a moveset.   They made a BEAUTIFUL looking moveset. From flips to spins to having what seems to be constant options to do whatever he wanted, just like the actual fighting in the show. Bravo.
FINNALY ONE OF THE SHOWCASERS USE THE GRABS
Omg the hype
Aang? You mean my main?
When was he announced?
Air combos?! ...OF COURSE! Of course the air bender would specialize in air combos! Also love that this is basically Season 1 Aang as that's a bit more fair, makes sense to focus solely on his air moves, and even only doing Avatar State when in trouble fits Season 1. Season 3 Aang would be amazing but also has too many moves and too much power, this is more...iconically Aang. Good calls all around you guys!
I am an Aang Main Though i need to also see Korra and Zim
After nearly 2 years, the legend himself finally returns to save the world from the reign of super smash bros
Nice and all buuut, where is the characters voices to hear them screaming in pain or while hitting
I'm so glad he's rushdown and not a zoner or a character that abuses range.
When the world needed him most he returned
Why wasn't the directions of his moves correlated to a specific element? Like down is earth, up is wind, side is water, and neutral is fire; just as an example.
3:12 "And now witness the eight gates" despite the fact that Aang's moveset only uses air bending when he's not in the Avatar State.  For fuck's sake, did ANYONE on the dev team actually watch the show?
aw yeah this is what i was hyped for!
it makes sense that he only uses air, he is the sole air nation representative after all
Shiek vibes
What’s The guy from
He’s literally disgusting, only a couple more til I lab Aang for hours
Aerial SLICE!
His down B looks annoying. I LOVE IT
I just really wish this game had a better budget for sound effects and animation
He reminds me of Sonic play style wise. Avatar State seems like it might be underpowered from first impression he doesn't seem like somebody who would survive to 100% damage. And the KO percentage is very low
I love it
Aang Rushdown???  Honestly expected him to play more like a zoner lol. Will be interesting to see how he plays out in the meta.
Interesting that he only has one non airbending move
I want a mod where Aang does the “Ice in my veins” when he does his neutral special
catch me winning evo 2023 with aang
I went into this knowing the Avatar characters would be the most hype and I’m not wrong
Visually he looks a bit...rough to me, though I understand that due to the budget. Regardless I'm happy he's in this game, and he's still the character I look forward to playing the most.   I hope we get one more Avatar character. I know there's that Toph leak going around which would be just as great, but I'm gonna wait for something official before i get my hopes up. I just can't wait these last few days.
I'm a tad disappointed Aang doesn't seem to use the other elements when he fights, beyond air-bending, but he still looks really good! The marble trick for his taunt is perfect.
And when the world needed him the most, he joined the battle
The taunt and victory animation is perfect
He looks absolutely broken. This is so hype omg
4:29 Best taunt after Spongebob
Where the fuck are the avatars traliers
I'm definitely going to try this game. But if sora gets announced for smash on Tuesday it's going to be hard to not play ultimate
Side note!! Look how polished the game is turning out the closer we get to release date 🥳🥳🥳
Lmao the animations are so bad
I'm gonna main him cause he got the same hairstyle as me!
I love Aang being focused on Airbending and Korra picking up the slack with the other kinds of bending so there's no moveset overlap for 2 characters with such similar abilities
It's been a while PM Falcon 🥺
You know when Marco is hosting the presentation its gona be epic
It's a wind scooter not an air ball
Where's the drop staff button?
Alright you've convinced me I'm getting the game, Anng sold me
I wish neutral special was something else. Like, MK tornado? Idk
This and Korra really dropped one after another, huh? Nice!
I thought his taunt animation would be his victory animation lol
is its just me or does he look a bit rough? he looks very skinny and tiny and his animations also dont look quite right.  on a side note this seems to be chapter 1 aang.
I'm sorry but his neutral special looks so bad visually. Maybe one of the worst animations in the game 💀
Falco?
Wait .. Aang is bayo
The better avatar
*Aang's* *Taunt* AHHHHH HAAAAA AHHHH-GURGLE *mouth* *foams* *faints*
This was my favorite presentation so far. His taunt and win screen is everything I wanted
So they give Lucy, a normal child, two attack modes, but Aang, the one who ended The Hundred Year War and brought peace to the four nations by beating the Fire Lord Ozai, only airbends ????
He Giving Me Wu Shawn Vibes From Brawlhalla
Haven’t really thought about it until seeing this video, but all of the fighters are unusually silent. We can’t even get some character grunting noises?
Dude, his face is emotionless. Aang has a still face troughout all his moves... how come hasn't anyone commented about that? Are all the comments made by bots from nickelodeon? Man I really hope they fix this until release
Una pregunta los personajes tendran trajes alternativos o no los personajes
FUCK YEAHHHHH
Dude!  Aang is so OP!  Top tier alert hahahaha
4:29 *starts screaming and foaming at the mouth*
Rename air ball to air scooter.
If Aang's taunt was anything else I would've been disappointed
YEAH BABY!!! THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN WATING FOR! THAT'S WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT! WHOOOOHOOO!
He has a comeback mechanic after reaching 100%
The Down special looks like Sonic's spin Charge, I have my main
Aang is S TIER
He’s here! I can’t wait to play as Twinkle Toes.
Man this character looks like visual diarrhea. For what it’s worth the rush down super fast move set seems neat but some of this stuff really doesn’t look true to aangs fighting style at all like I can’t imagine an airbender throwing some upward punch of air that seems really out of character and non avatar. I think it’s fine that the move set is all airbending since Korra is doing the full elements move set but I wish Aang had a sort of stance mechanic with Avatar State then just one move tbh.
Not sure if Training Mode was confirmed yet but at 3:28 you can see the Training Mode menu for a frame or 2
Strange how they didn't reveal any avatar characters at all especially toph
his up special reeks incenaroar
can we take a minute to appreciate the background of the stage? looks amazing...
Finally sang gameplay i been waitin on this
Yip yip
Aang was so conflicted about killing Ozai, but he had no problem absolutely murdering Patrick lol
He feels like a mix of Sonic and Jigglypuff.
Nintendo fans beg and beg and beg and beg and beg for Geno, Sora, Dante, Shauntae for Smash, all the characters people actually care about, and Nintendo says "nah here's Byleth, Pyra and Mythra."  Nick fans ask literally once for Aang and Korra for Nick All-Star Brawl, and guess what? We get Aang and Korra in Nick All-Star Brawl. I think it's clear to see which game cares more about what the fans want.
We knew it was coming
its not toph smh
AND THEY SAID AaNG WAS A PACIFIST
incredibly disappointing showcase for this character i get he is mainly an airbender but he's the fucking avatar lmao and he only gets 1 move to show that smfh horribly designed while Korra literally the worst avatar gets everything Aang should have god damn
Aang and Korra barely using any fire moves makes me think they are leaving the door open for Zuko down the line
I'm over here listening to the track build like it is straight from a dance club ... layer after layer adding to itself. Starts with a simple repetitive beat and just keeps going
Amazing taunt 😆
The air temple looks so good my nostagliaaaa
the peoples champion
hold on, is Aang missing his hand-arrows during gameplay? might be the lighting that makes it impossible to see
I like that it focuses on a younger aang with mainly using Airbending
He looks fun... But he doesn't seem represented as well as I'd hoped. I mean he's an Avatar. I was kind of hoping all 4 elements to be incorporated into his kit.  Aang and Korra having access to the same elements, but still fighting differently was what I was excited for, but eh.
05/10/21
This is so funny 😂
You got me with the taunt
FINALLY!  EDIT: I was expecting a main and that's exactly what I got, cheers! 🥂
bayonetta and sonic....
Why does Aang only use all four elements for only one move?
Too op
4:31 best fucking taunt in the game u can't change my mind
I wish Aang had windboxes on a few of his attacks.
I don't watch Avatar so I don't know any of the references, but that victory animation is great
Didn't expect this before PTM and Zim, but won't be complaining
Thats what we been waiting for!!!
I legit called it that he would do that weird wind disk thing for this taunt. It was such an obvious pick for a taunt, and I love it.
This model is so bad
His moveset doesn't look like it uses circular movements though, like Ba Gua. So...it's more like Aang was just smacked onto a generic areal based moveset
Zim already
He’s beautiful
yo y’all know he can control the other 3 elements too right? lol good work tho
Aang, save us! Nintendo seeks to sabotage the showing!
can yall PLEASE mix the vocals of the voice over commentators. it sounds so weird
3:28 what just flashed on screen O.o
Damn he's so strong combo wise
Meter mode Aang let's goooo
I'm not even exaggerating when I say he looks absolutely top tier! Also that taunt is MEGA CURSED LMAO!
I feel like the moves lack visual clarity but its so dope to see Avatar in a smash-bros like game
"Help, SpongeBob! I'm getting sauced!"
YIP YIP
His grounded up strong is broken
We got sheik boys!!!!
They gave Aang way more love than Korra (but what else is new lol). She has a lot of generic fighting moves while you can really look at Aang’s moves and recognize them from the series.
So we not even revealing them anymore
I had no idea Elmer Fudd was a Nick character.
Finally! Been waiting for this one
Holy shit, Aang combos are gonna be nutty
The Avatar joins the battle!!
So Aang is Sheik?
His taunt, victory animation, and special attacks are everything I hoped for! Well, except the Neutral Special, I was hoping that'd be a charged Air Blast with huge knockback. But still, this is awesome!
My God the rage, he grabbed him off stage and threw him lmao jeeeesh gonna be a cold winter of broken controllers 😭😭😂
Might get this game just to play as the Avatar characters
A couple things.  1. Only air moves. Wtf. He has the avatar state thing but it doesn’t look that good and it’s only after 100 percent.  2. Why wasn’t the move named air scooter. Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t that the name? Kinda nit-picky but still.  Can’t really complain much but like still I wish.
Aye, Aang looks lit! Definitely has to be one of my mains. I love that he gets the Avatar state at 100% and of course has his air ball.
WTF IS HIS ANIMATIONS?
Honestly, his moveset had so mutch potential, but it came out to be really lame (at least I think so)
That’s a perfect choice for a taunt, but his eyebrows made it look like his face was sliced off from the rest of his head during it, so it was a bit terrifying until I looked closer.
Thank god they reveal Aang and Korra already. Gotta love Aang's victory animation. I love that Air Ball became part of Aang's moveset.
Let's goooooo
Sheeesh he's a combo monster
Aangs doing a victory dance while Patrick's trying to kill himself in the back
He's Bayonetta level nuts.
if you die in the avatar state move, Korra should be removed from your roster
I'm waiting for Zuko
I think he officially has the best taunt.
dang that movement potential though.
OK he is fun
3:28 For a brief moment. Your able to see a menu that appears to have trainig settings. Iv tried slowing the video to pause at the right moment but im not fast enough. If anyone can point out what it says in the replys, that would be greatly appreciated
Is broken!
I need a good Avatar game.
Y'all did Aang dirty with this generic moveset 😢
Big Bob Moveset  Light Neutral: Dad Grip Light Upper: Put on Crown Light Down: Angry Stomp  Air Light Neutral: Aerial Dad Grip Air Light Upper: Wrench Upper Air Light Down: Take Off Loafers  Light Dash: Marathon Run  Heavy Neutral: Belt Whip Heavy Upper: Driver Heavy Down: Faulty Beeper  Air Heavy Neutral: Golf Bag Swing Air Heavy Upper: Forearm Jerk Air Heavy Down: Big Beeper  Heavy Dash: Domestic Abuse  Neutral Special: Beeper Toss Up Special: Ladder Climb Down Special: Bulging Vein Counter
I LOVE that they made him an aerial fighter. Love his kit and his taunt but i wish he had more over 100% avatar state moves.
Finally I've been waiting for this!
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LETS GO BABY
Yooo Aang looks so fun and I love his down special where he rides the wind sphere!💨
3:28 training mode  menu
What the heck? No trailer or anything? This is just being shadow-dropped? 😮
first
YOOO I ADORE HIS VICTORY ANIMATION. I'm so impressed you guys put so much love into this game with so little budget
Damn he look low tier af. Aand i’m maining him
"I think I found my new main"  "the music here slaps"  comments incoming.
Oh wow, his combo potential looks really fun!!
I'm happy to finally see Aang and Korra get officially announced but by God did GameMill fuck up their announcement. They should have also been revealed earlier too.
Aang = Mii
1:30 *ayo bruh chill chill*
We've all been waiting for this!!!
Time for the ultimate showdown, Aang vs Korra vs PTM vs Danny Phantom
That final move and taunt lesss gooo
Okay is it just me or I have heard some music really similar to this In a donkey Kong game or something
My brother is so gonna main him if he gets the game!
Hype
This has to be the best character in the game so far.
literally the only thing i wanted out of this character is for his taunt to be the shit with the marbles, I couldn't be happier this character looks fucking sick
Really awesome that the legend himself is in the game. It's just a shame that he could've had more elemental attacks aside from air.
THE END SCREEN ANIMATION
YO AANG’S COMBO GAME IS AMAZING
That taunt face 🤣
AANG.
Perfectly balanced Aang mains rise up Im so happy 🤣🤣🤣
yes! i was waiting for this!!!!
Mario
Alright avatards, it’s the moment we’ve been waiting for
100% my main.. no question about it...
AANG MAIN DAY 1 LETS GO ATLA A bit unfortunate he uses mostly air moves, even though it makes sense
Finally the last one I found was a Rickrolled which I enjoyed.
YES!!!!
A thousand views withing the first 5 minutes. People were really exited about this showcase.
Yes
Yeah....they dropped the ball on this one hope Korra's better.
YES he has the taunt we all hoped for!
god aang is so UGLY. im excited and buying this game but god , like not all of the game is that bad but alot of it is. i just hope this does well so a sequel can be not ugly
Here he is!
HE HAS THE TERRY BOGARD METER OOOOO I LIKE HIM ALOT
So Aang is mostly focused on air bending, neat.
can i just say I LOVE the grab chime in this game
Didn't expect Aang Showcase this quick!  He looks good and the taunt is perfect 👌
This really caught me off guard
When will we get _My Cabbages!_ guy as DLC?
FINALLY ITS WHAT WE'VE WANTED ALL ALONG
AAAAAAAY! Aang Is Here! We all Know he’s Gonna Get In..... Lots of Leaks! But, It’s Awesome to See his Model & Moveset! I was Expecting a Reveal..... But this is Awesome!
DAang! Aang is really bAangin!
I really love the music in this stage. It's so good!  On an unrelated note: I never really believed the leaks, I just waited for the characters to be officially revealed.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!
LETS GOOOO
Bump
Gamemill please get it the fuck together jfc lol
YEEEEEEEEES!!!! I was hoping they'll show Toast Man and Zim with Gir first, But this is so much better!!!
Wait not even a reveal, just gameplay showcase? huh welp, guess this is happening now.
Can't wait for his best mentor, the greatest earthbender in the world to join the fight.   Idk why you guys didn't just reveal all 3 together.
he kind of looks like bonzo pippenpaddleopsocpolopis
For everyone asking for Jimmy and Timmy: 1) Frederator Studios and O Entertainment are a thing 2) They'll probably be DLC 3) The devs confirmed if they were in they'd be on the box art
clearly you don’t own an air glider
Haven’t seen the video in full yet but if his taunt isn’t the marble trick I’ll be greatly disappointed.  EDIT: I am greatly satisfied.
Its kind of a shame Aang mostly only uses Air bending when he can use the other three...  However he still looks awesome to play!
Let's goooooo fingers crossed for Arnold making it in the game
First let's go
HIT IT!
Did they actually announce him or is this the reveal?
THATS WHAT WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR
Second
Oh wow I knew this was going to happen
Nice
Poggers
that was fast
This man victory animation is SO GREAT
DAMN BRO REVEALED HIM JUST LIKE THAT
Yeeeees let's goooooo
YES
cursed model
I KNEW IT
Uhm what?
First
LET'S GOOOOO
Pog
WHAT!??!?!!?
Instant click
Finally
YES!!
Early
Hopefully everyone doing well and staying safe
Finally
